“You could always continue to help Sam and Dean.”
“While your side does nothing to stop us,” Ruby shoots back.
Dean nods. “Didn't know if you were coming.”
Cas feels something warm bloom in his chest. Dean is starting to trust him. “Of course. In my time Sam is like a brother to me.”
“Do you know why?” It's a gamble asking him. He might lie and say he does rather than admit he's in the dark, or he may know and support Lilith right now.
“Does it count if I'm only doing it to serve myself?”
He reaches out and lays a hand on Dean's arm. “None of this matters if we stop Lilith now. We'll avert the Apocalypse from happening.”
“...Thank you for the advice.”
“They deserve to know the truth.”
“Humans are...exhausting. They spend much of their time pretending not to care about the things they care deeply for.”
While writing this I decided Bobby and Cas is the friendship I never knew I needed.  I mean, yeah, Cas is like a million years older than him, but Bobby can still be his dad too, right?
“This isn't my true form.”
He's been crashing on her pull-out couch the last month. Her apartment is small and cramped, but she never complains about having him there. Outside of Dean, she's always been his best friend. She works night shifts at the local hospital as a nurse, and he works during the day as a beekeeper, so they barely interact. It still feels like they talk more than he did with Dean, at the end.
“This is my friend, Castiel, the angel,” Sam says, then “We know what you are.”
That question hits a little too close to home. “God is what you would call an absent father. And no, there isn't a 'lady angel'.”
Sam gets in a spot of trouble with some of the demons, but from what Cas can recall hearing this story, Ruby arrives to save him. Ultimately Ruby will betray the boys, but for now she's useful enough. Cas will have to tell them about her, of course. Still, he can let her handle helping Sam while he goes to check on Dean.
“I wasn't entirely sure. I didn't want to mislead you.”
Bela shoots and hits Cas square in the shoulder.
“And I'll rip up your boy's contract.”
“Did someone say whiskey?” Bela says. Sam hands her the cup of coffee. She wrinkles her nose.
Castiel is getting a headache. “You serve Lilith. You need the Winchesters to break the Seals.”
Her face closes, shuts down. All emotion is gone from her eyes and her stare is icy and blank. “I was. Only fourteen. You know kids, they think ten years is forever.”
Cas narrows his eyes at Ruby. “I could smite you where you stand, but I haven't.”
Cas has a feeling he knows where this is going. “And when she dies?”
“Yes.”
“I'm quite sure the archangel Gabriel smokes, as well as abuses other substances.”
It's Tamara and Isaac heading into the bar. So much for waiting. When they follow the doors are locked. Dean slams against it futilely and Cas lays a hand on his shoulder, “Allow me.” The door swings open with a thought and the boys look mildly impressed. It causes a flutter of pride in his heart to see it that Cas stamps down.
“This about you being sweet on Dean?”
“Castiel.”
“I'll explain later.”
Dean pulls a confused expression and Sam says quickly, “I'll explain in the car.”
“Sam? He can do that?”
Next chapter veers from the episode it's based on by a lot.  I'm adding a whole subplot with Ruby, who finally makes a come back.  And Bela helps work a case.  Also Dean totally gets the wrong idea about who Cas is in love with.
“And you brought Bela.”
Either way, it is a private dream and not something Dean would want him to see. Castiel leaves before Dean can notice him, feeling confused, but hopeful.
Dean chuckles, but it's without any humor. “All you demons have such smart mouths.”
“Thank you, Bobby.”
“I'll explain everything once we're with Dean. This concerns him too.” Cas isn't sure where Dean is right now. Sam is alone in the motel room. Cas supposes Dean is out getting food, as the Impala is gone from outside. He feels a bit relieved, after seeing Dean's dream.
“Why?” Sam demands.
They need to talk about Ruby. Cas understands that Dean wants to avoid him, especially after that kiss, but there are things of greater import at stake than his sexuality crisis. Ruby manipulates Sam and turns him into an abomination—if he can prevent that this time around he will. He wants to prevent Sam and Dean all the hurt he can.
Bobby turns to look at him. “You couldn't have said something sooner?”
“I wouldn't-” Dean starts, and he looks guilty, so guilty, for something he hasn't even done. Something he won't do, if Cas has any say in it.
“Sorry, Hef, maybe next time,” Sam says and looks over at Bobby. “How's it going Bobby?”
Cas skirts his eyes away. The dim lighting of the restaurant casts shadows over his face, but his eyes are still so blue Dean could get lost in them. He rests his hands awkwardly on the table. “How have you been Dean?”
Cas stands. “While you handle that, I'll speak to Bela Talbot. Where is she?”
Cas sits on the bed and rubs his face. “I spoke to the demon Crowley. He'll release Dean from his contract once we kill Lilith.”
Bobby looks at the people lying on the floor, unconscious now that they're no longer being used as vessels. “What about these poor sonsofbitches?”
“Goes by the name Bela Talbot.”
“Slow.”
Sam chuckles, and Bobby gives Dean an incredulous look. “Well it won't kill demons by then, but I can promise it'll kill you.” He points at Dean and pretends to shoot.
“Trust you? You're a demon.”
“See you, Bobby.”
“Would you like it?”
Or maybe he just likes to watch.
“Do you?”
“What do you mean?”
Nor did see the bullet that nearly hits the Father, fired by Bobby. The Father flicks a wrist and tosses him away like it's nothing. He throws Sam unto the car and heads toward the house. Part of Sam wants to follow, but he needs to check on Bobby first. “Bobby, you alright? How did you know-”
It's nice to know that Dean will be safe after Lilith is dead, but there's still the matter of killing her. The Colt would work, but it isn't working. Ruby would have helped fix it eventually, but he's probably scared her off now. “I have something that may be able to kill her, but it's broken.”
The demons do eventually attack. The hunters are trying to exorcise them rather than kill them, something Cas's own boys haven't bothered to try in years. He likes it, the idea of saving the human that's being possessed so he doesn't bring out his angel blade. He merely helps where he can. Angels don't need Latin to exorcise demons, they can simply evict them. It makes things go a lot smoother.
Neither of them bring up that Cas kissed him back. Though Cas supposes Dean wouldn't.
“We can deal with him later, we gotta destroy the rabbit's foot.”
She turns her head and studies him. “So why are you helping the Winchesters? What's in it for you?”
Sam is in the motel room shoving his things into his bag when Bela walks in. “Leaving so soon? I thought you'd want to celebrate. The Colt works. You killed a demon.”
“You couldn't call?”
Part of him would rather be tracking Ruby to see if she leads to Lilith, but he figures she's smart enough to lay low for a couple days.  Bobby is on it if anything pops up.
“I'm not-”
Something like fear flickers in Ruby's eyes. “And why is that?”
Bela smiles. “So are we.”
“You can talk to me while they're gone,” Bobby says. Castiel nods. Of course, Bobby is protective of the boys. It makes sense. He's a much better father figure than their actual father, though he wouldn't say so out loud to Sam or Dean. Their relationship with John is complicated.
“Lilith needs Dean to go to Hell to release Lucifer. Destroy his contract and prevent him from walking free.”
“Azazel,” Cas says, then modifies, “The Yellow-Eyed demon.”
“I hear you two are lovers. She trusts you,” Cas says. The thought of them as lovers is somewhat disturbing, given Lilith's later penchant for taking little girl vessels. Though he supposes that isn't always the case.
The demon is talking when he gets there. “-gets here first. What, you thought I was flying solo? You shouldn't underestimate, Dean. It'll be the death of you.”
“Do you know what my contract was for? To kill my parents. How much does that weigh?”
Cas tilts his head while looking at her. “You didn't do it for greed. You were...scared.”
“I'm serious.”
She's teasing, Cas knows, but there's something serious underneath. He thinks Bela may just like him. Likely due to his bringing about the circumstances that lead to her getting out of her deal. But still, it's nice, having a camaraderie of sorts with someone who isn't Sam or Dean.
The demon shrinks back to the edge of the devil's trap. Cas wastes no time in exorcising her, barely sparing her a glance. The woman falls unconscious to the ground. Cas moves over to check her and finds her still alive. “She'll be fine when she wakes.”
Dean leans forward. “What are these seals?”
“...Fine.”
“The demons want to start the Apocalypse. There are six hundred seals, only sixty-six need to be broken.”  It's blunt, but it's best to just get to the point.
“A thank you would be nice,” Cas says as he rips the duck tape holding Sam in half. “How did they manage to tape you to a chair?”
Crowley sits back, smile gone. “No can do. That one Lilith wants to handle personally.”
“Since when does God give a damn about us?” Dean says.
“You can't sleep.”
“I know what I'm doing.”
He goes to Bobby first and explains his story. Naturally, Bobby doesn't believe him. Cas expected this, but there's nothing Bobby can do to hold him. Guns don't hurt him, holy water doesn't phase him, a devil's trap won't hold him. He asks for Sam and Dean. Eventually he lets Bobby bind him with rope and leave him tied to a chair. He could easily break free, but he allows Bobby the illusion of control.
Dean looks back, on the verge of saying something then Sam points ahead. “Guys look.”
“Yeah, well, who knows what those bastards would have done to him if you hadn't shown up.”
There's fear, but under that there's loyalty. That's something Castiel does understand, misguided loyalty. He felt it for so long for Heaven, for God. Then he met Dean and began to question. It makes him feel a sort of sympathy for Ruby—she's a soldier following orders, same as he once was. She developed feelings for a Winchester, same as he once did, but ultimately her loyalty could not be shaken.
Bela crosses her arms and looks at Bobby. “I know I haven't always been the most trustworthy, but you can trust me to do what is in my own best interest. And that is killing Lilith. I have a deal I want out of. Killing her gets me out of it. So trust me, or don't trust me, but let me help you make the damn gun work.”
“Apparently she's an expert on occult items.” As he speaks, Castiel can feel Dean's presence drawing near.
Well, he didn't see that one coming.
“She holds all contracts,” Castiel says. “Though I believe your contract is currently in possession of the demon Crowley.”
“Not even a little.”
“What's so special about me?”
Dean makes a gesture with his hand. “Care to share with the class?”
“Bobby, it's been awhile.”
Cas hears Dean's prayer. Even after his formal prayer has stopped he feels the longing for him to come to him. Dean doesn't give him the details of the situation, and he can't be sure what's going on. More backup than just him may be required. So he goes to Bobby and Bela, who are outside discussing how to figure out whether the Colt works.
“What? You wanna ruin Jack's Christmas? Tell him his parents are getting a divorce?”
A few of the patrons glance their way. Cas lowers his head slightly. “Dean, is this really a surprise? I left you.”
Cas rests a hand on her shoulder. “If you are ever in danger from this 'psychotic buyer' pray to me and I will come to your aide.”
“You do?” Sam says, and his voice has so much hope. He still sounds so young. He's not had as many failures to drag him down, as many losses. Castiel feels a protectiveness, a need to keep him safe. Dean has always tried so hard to keep Sam safe, and he believed he failed.
“There's no time for this. Dean is in trouble.” He places a hand on both of their shoulders and flies them away. He leaves them outside with instructions to check the perimeter and pops inside to where Dean is.
“I'll always come when you call,” Cas says. He says it because it is true, but perhaps he says it with too much sincerity or intensity, because Dean looks away.
Ruby swallows thickly. “No way. She'd kill me if she even suspected.”
“We're going to kill Lilith.”
Bobby comes up behind Cas. “Bela.”
It's nice to know Meg is here for moral support. Cas doesn't think he'll be able to be alone after this. If he even manages this. Dean is his weakness. One look in those green eyes, and he might cave.
“The woman who saved you. Her name is Ruby. She's a demon.”
“Castiel.”
Her body stiffens just slightly, almost unnoticeable had he not been looking for signs of discomfort. “You can ask; doesn't mean I'll answer.”
“Lucifer walks free.”
Cas sighs and pulls his arm away from Dean. He goes and sits on the ground, his back to the wall. “I didn't want to tell you this to spare you pain, but you have a right to know.”
Bobby sighs and waves a hand. “Come on, I'll show you the Colt.”
Another thing about not sleeping is seeing how often Bobby doesn't sleep. He's an insomniac, and while Cas has offered to put him to sleep with his angelic powers, Bobby has adamantly declined. It's late now and Bobby is puttering around in the kitchen, making a sandwich. He slides a plate in front of Castiel with a PB&J. Most food tastes like molecules as he is now, but he appreciates the gesture.
It's late when Bela prays to him. He'd just been watching over Sam and Dean as they slept in Bobby's living room. He knows that Dean finds this strange, or 'creepy' but he doesn't sleep and he wants to ensure their safety. They seem well enough, so he flies to the hotel in Sioux Falls.
Cas turns his head away. He isn't sure how to answer this. “I'm not doing this for Heaven.”
Meg huffs out an annoyed breath. “You're stalling. Is it because you don't want to see him or because your having second thoughts?”
Cas looks over her face, hears the the careful nonchalance of her voice. It's beginning to make sense now. Someone hurt her, someone in her family. “Can I ask you a question?”
“Of course,” Cas murmured, but now he was unmoving, almost unbreathing.
Cas glanced down, then realized he couldn’t actually see his own neck here in class.
But two nights later, Jess was over doing homework with Sam. She was just as smart as him, probably more, so she was taking a senior AP lit class. Ok, yeah, she was way smarter than my genius brother.
“I’m so sorry I didn’t come see you,” I whispered. “But I thought…” I trailed off with a sigh.
His expression grave, Dean nodded. “If anyone gives you trouble, just let me know. We’re supposed to be a safe place, for everyone.”
“I know!” Gabriel agreed. “He just started speaking like nothing had happened. I don’t think I’ve ever seen an omega with that much control.”
Charlie's brow furrowed. "Who the hell is that?"
Castiel gasped and nodded.
Dean’s gaze shot back up to meet his. “How can you say that? You barely know me.”
“Does that…” Cas had to pause then force the question out in a rush of words. “Does that bother you? That we didn’t have a chance?”
He decided to text Dean during lunch and asked to meet after school, and Dean immediately texted back
“Like you,” Dean guessed.
Castiel’s eyes skimmed down the page, then again, just more slowly. He looked up at Dean. “What’s this about Raphael?”
Dean shrugged, his eyes dropping to Castiel's mouth. "Just wanted to make sure you were okay."
here, not them,” Castiel pointed out.
“This is my date, Jacob.” He turned to the man. “Jacob, you probably recognize Dean.” Dean forced his hand to move, to wave, as he tried to push his smile wider. Cas pointed at each of the others in turn. “And the birthday lady here is his mother Mary, their friend Ellen, his brother Sam, and…” Cas frowned at Jo. “I’m still not sure who you are.”
“Well, they have,” Cas assured him.
Castiel nodded, his expression tentative. “Hester came to see me yesterday,” he paused, deliberated. “Actually, make that ambushed. Hester ambushed me yesterday, after our lunch. She wants you to come meet the family this weekend.”
Dean’s grip around him tightened. “Not interested,” he murmured. “I’m going to stay right here with you until they come get us.”
Dean settled into the plush leather seat, sighing in relief. He always felt anxious about the initial contact, but this had gone better than most.
"You don't have to," Dean assured him, and Castiel froze.
“Honestly it’s just practice. Lots and lots of practice.”
omega, was in heat, so he’d run away? He was going somewhere else, seeking help from some
“Yes, this is customer one-four-seven. I wanted to check on the status of my appointment scheduled for eighteen hundred thirty-four hours.”
the other night,” he replied, a soft smile finally lifting his mouth. “And I’m tired of fighting this, of chasing you.”
“You know that’s what he wants,” Cas reminded me. We’d talked about it before.
Having sent the other workers away for some much-needed rest, he was left to lead the children—or in one child’s case, carry—down the hall to the bathrooms.
“Awesome, man!” I clapped him on the back. “And you were all worried.”
He nodded. “Is this it? That forest?”
“I’m not sure,” Hannah admitted. “Castiel wouldn’t say.” She almost said more, but stopped.
"See you later, Dean." He waved. "It was nice to meet you guys."
The omega jumped up, and a wave of his scent washed over Castiel, making the alpha even dizzier. But more than that, it made him
“And Ana found you there?” Cas nodded but had a cookie in his mouth. “Was Ana born with her power like you? Or the title?”
Rachel stepped up beside him just then, and Michael smiled down at his mate as he took her arm in his to guide her into the dining room. Castiel trailed behind them, watching the way their heads leaned together, allowing the mates to whisper and giggle, just so...so damn
Cas walked down the hallway the next day in a slight daze, still thinking about his time with Dean the evening before.
“Thank god!” Dean groaned as he yanked the omega back in.
After, when they'd caught their breath, Dean pressed a gentle kiss to the center of Castiel's back.
With another groan, Castiel dropped his face into his hands and rubbed at his eyes. “I’m so sorry!”
“Remember,” he murmured, “it’s just a visit to see if there’s compatibility. Nothing has been decided yet.”
I rolled my eyes again and held up a hand. “Sammy, I’ve known I liked guys for a couple years now, so no experimentation needed.”
"Yes, sir!" Castiel moaned. Dean patted his ass lightly with approval. Castiel felt Dean pull the strap of the thong  to the side, leaving his hole accessible.
“Yeah. I think the police were chasing you.”
my old friends.”
“Usually you only get one serving per meal,” she explained over his eating. “But after what you’ve been through, plus pregnant! It’s a miracle you haven’t starved to death.”
“And they wouldn’t trust us?” He pointed to the others who still stared.
But Dean also knew that the only person who could guarantee his victory was himself, Cas’s alpha. Yet this was still Castiel’s battle. These were Cas's nightmares, his demons. Dean couldn’t fight them for Cas, but he wasn’t totally helpless.
“Yeah,” Dean ran a hand over the back of his neck. “Look, Cas...”
That date had led to another, and that one to another, and then another...until Cas found himself falling for the enigmatic man with the beautiful smile.
referred to a female.
“We’ll go ahead to the table; I doubt she’ll be here for a little while yet,” Aunt Hester decreed, and Pierre was showing them back.
He'd say anything, confess anything, other than the truth: that he couldn't bear the thought of taking Crowley up to his bed where just moments before the new boy had stripped away his entire shield in a single moment of clarity. With one fumbling question, he'd pierced straight to the core of Cas. And Castiel would be damned before he'd take another fuck up there; that'd only serve to prove it was true.
His attention returned to the ritual as the chanting grew louder, and the Council around them hummed higher. Whatever was in the pot started boiling, bubbling. Smoke began to rise from the four candles, but soon a single lick of flame burst up on the candle to the West. The wax dripped down the candle, as it normally would, but then came the part that should not have happened.
"Nah. I already got a pretty cute date."
“Tried?” Dean questioned.
After searching the entire house, top to bottom, bottom to top, they agreed that Lord Dupuis had finally left.
“What is it?” Dean asked.
But he didn't mention any of this to Crowley or Charlie, who were both caught up in their own goings on.
He pulled out his work ID to scan through to the elevators, humming softly under his breath. He stood in the back corner of the elevator on the way up, his briefcase gripped right in one hand, his phone in the other. Neither was very far from one of the several discreet weapons on his person. He’d learned all too well with his last mission; no more fuck ups.
“Crowley,” he pointed back toward the ballroom, “is an investor.”
After, with the sweat cooling on our skin, I grinned at him. “So, I feel like we can splurge on some breakfast, right?”
“You know, it’s okay if you like guys,” he said. “I mean, if you wanna exper—”
Castiel didn’t seem to mind it either, instead responding easily. “I suppose, something like that. The light and the dark, the city and the country, the alpha and the omega…” he trailed off, his posture stiffening with sudden discomfort.
Dean smiled at the memory, but what really captured his attention was how the room felt. He sensed a deep love blended with absolute trust, and just a tinge of frustration. No sooner had he identified the feelings coursing through him, he realized that the buildings of the town did not just hold Cas’s memories...they held his emotions for those memories.
“Thank you,” He whispered, when their lips parted. Crowley rested their foreheads together.
“Awesome!” Dean grinned unrepentantly. “Means I'll get ya all to myself!”
I frowned. “You think so?”
“Detective,” Dean corrected, unable to keep the pride from his voice. “He’s a detective now.”
“Down in the basement; you gotta come see!”
But Cas didn’t need anyone’s pity; he had more than enough money to buy his own food. It should be obvious that this starvation was his own choosing. If he wanted to waste away, he should be allowed to, without anyone’s interference...especially not from M. Winchester!
Cas hesitated, but still answered. “My mother was just a child herself, and she didn’t know what to do with a baby that was, according to her limited knowledge, obviously from the devil. So she just left me on a church stoop.”
Dean found himself studying Castiel closely, searching for any sign of pain, any dips in his expression. As if he sensed his thoughts, Castiel’s eyes flew to his, stared straight into his soul. He smiled slightly, shaking his head, then looked back to Meg.
Cas sighed but nodded. “I’ll make sure to catch you before we go.”
“Yes,” Victor admitted. “But I still managed to save your sorry ass. So, I’ll say it again: You. Owe. Me.”
He jerked his hand toward the bedroom, hissing at them to hide, and everyone rushed to the other room. When they were locked away, he opened the door again, a flirtatious smile on his face.
“So you’re an advisor,” Castiel assumed.
“You need to get to the airport and stop that dumbass,” Ellen murmured.
Luci studied him for a long moment before sighing in defeat. “I took something off the kid’s body, the lanky one.” He pulled a chip in a plastic case from his pocket and dropped it on the table. “He had it sewn into the lining of his jacket.”
“What did she say?” I tried to keep my voice level. All I wanted to do was punch that hag in the face, but he didn’t need that angry side of me right now.
Either way, it was a lot easier to convince him about the plan than it had been with Cas.
“Trust me, Dean. You don’t— Don’t do this to yourself.”
"What's wrong with me?" He slurred.
"I bought them," Castiel whispered against his mouth, "because they remind me of your eyes."
"You guys are gross already," Charlie informed them. "I don't think I'll be about to keep lunch down around you."
“Why?” Dean hissed, anger and pain spiking in his scent. “Am I just so damn unappealing to you? ”
Castiel fought to maintain control, but his alpha was snarling, snapping, so close to breaking the surface.
In that moment, he felt whole, complete—perfect.
“Which two families?” Cas asked.
First came the rustling, then the whisper of wind moving not quite right.
stopped.
“Why can’t you just do it?” Cas interrupted with a long suffering sigh.
“If it were up to me, you would die here and now.”
Cas chuckled ruefully. “Trust me, you've definitely convinced me otherwise. So, I happen to know that Naomi and Michael are doing something at the church on Saturday…”
Victor nodded grimly, but Dean knew that he’d obey. As a former law enforcement officer, the man knew all too well the cost of lives.
“I saw the way you were with Ketch yesterday!” Cas accused.
“Why did you come find me?”
Crowley grinned. "Castiel Novak went on an actual date?" He took the cigarette back and pulled a long drag, blowing the smoke back out into the brisk morning air. "Color me astonished."
“This isn’t how we do things,” Dean warned.
“Which is so dumb, right?” Dean admitted with a hoarse laugh. “I mean, I’m barely out of school, you’re still in your senior year. But…” He nuzzled his nose along Cas’s temple. “You’re just...you’re meant for me, and I'm meant for you. I can feel that.”
Castiel shook his head. “It’s a bonding machine.”
someone.
"I still do," Dean said, softly. "I know I messed up, but I don't want to lose you. Can you give me another chance?"
With a soft hum, Dean nodded, but he wasn’t sure which shit-hitting-the-fan incident Henriksen was actually referring to. There’d been too many to count since he’d come back, first with Amara, then Lucifer, then his own damn brother, then most recently, god himself.
Then Castiel found himself at Dean’s bedside, wrapped tightly in the alpha’s arms, all dignity gone as he wept into his chest.
"Thank you," Castiel said, softly, reaching to brush hair hair away that wasn't there. "I feel great."
Dean gets a lecture from his brother.
"What happened?"
Sam, on the other hand, had one final question. “What about the girl?”
Dean knew they were dancing. He knew their feet were moving in perfect sync as they followed the familiar steps of the waltz. He knew this, but he didn’t really notice, given how focused he remained on his alpha.
Dean jerked his head toward Cas. “What about your parents?”
"Awesome!" Dean looked so proud of himself in that moment. Castiel hopped out of the car before he did anything stupid like kiss Dean right in front of his house where Naomi could easily see him.
“Yin and Yang?” Dean asked. Too late he realized his tone had turned teasing. Somehow, he didn’t mind it.
Standing near the door, Dean smiled proudly as he dropped an inconspicuous backpack,
Because someday, Dean would find out the truth. He would look at Castiel just like everyone else already did: like he was the school slut. Because that's what he was. And Castiel knew that it would hurt so bad, because Castiel would always remember the day when Dean looked at him like he wasn't just a slut who never said no. He'd always remember the day when Dean told him he was actually worth something, something more than just a quick fuck in an abandoned bathroom with ugly green tile walls.
"Anyways," Charlie began, launching back into her story she'd been recounting about the night before, "We defeated the troll, and right as I was about to recite the ancient incantation..."
Suddenly, a camera clicked, and Cas looked over to find Balth’s phone pointed right at him.
“He can’t possibly hope to make it home before it fully hits!” Hester protested.
"Then fuck it!" Castiel griped.
“I’ll be watching for it,” Castiel replied before he rolled up his window and drove away.
Dean smirked and reached up to tug at Cas’s plump lower lip with his thumb. “Are you trying to kill me?” Cas nipped at the pad of his thumb, his smile downright wicked.
Suddenly everything made so much sense. Castiel glanced down at his hands, trembling violently even as the pieces all slid together in his mind. “Your higher-up friend won’t cover it up for you.”
Not only had Cas preserved his life, but he’d also provided answers to the questions that had plagued Dean’s mind for months. With this final goodbye, Cas had done more for Dean than he deserved. But even with that knowledge, the gaping hole that had torn itself into his chest remained.
. “Then whose is it? Because I gotta tell you, I’ve never seen someone so broke up about trouble that wasn’t even theirs.”
“You don’t have to keep doing this….”
“No, Sam,” Dean shook his head. “No way. You’ve got your mate, your family. No.”
Two drinks and several stories later, Gabe suddenly jumped to his feet. “Oh shit! I gotta get back out to the booth. But look, I wanna talk to you again before you take off, ok?” He looked directly at Cas as he said this, and there was no misinterpreting his meaning: alone, without Dean.
“How’s Gabe doing?” Sam suddenly asked.
“No shit, boy. Now go stop your idiot before he gets himself thrown in jail.”
“Are you sure?” I whispered when I finally let him pull away. He nodded, so eager but nervous. I pulled him into a softer kiss then whispered, “I’ll take care of you.”
As the rain suddenly lessened, more of their surroundings became visible. Brady could finally see the trees surrounding the abandoned parking lot, the bus stop on the corner…his classmate standing under the bus stop’s canopy, staring straight at them.
Castiel leaned into the taller boy's space, placing a slim hand on his chest. "Hey yourself," he murmured. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?"
“So he seems neat,” Gabe observed, slightly muffled and distant.
“I never saw him,” he argued. Hannah just stared at him, waiting for him to catch up. That last conversation before the nightmare, Cas had had that look when Dean had talked about never seeing him before...
“It felt like it had just been waiting for you. For us to find each other, to fight alongside each other.”
“Yep,” Dean nodded.
Sam was too busy staring down at his textbook, but Jess was watching Dean. He had this little smile on his face, something she didn’t quite know how to interpret. If she had to guess...she’d say it looked a lot like the smile Sam wore when he was around her. But that couldn’t be right, because Dean was exclusively into girls. She’d never
Dean let out a long sigh. Of course it was.
Castiel still dreamed of Michael, of course; he always would. But now when he woke from the nightmares, he found his alpha there to soothe him back into peaceful sleep.
The worst part was, he couldn’t even tell his friends. He’d sworn his family to secrecy, and now he was forced to keep the secret too. Now that he wanted nothing more than to snatch the binoculars away from his best friends and every other lecher in the damn track, now that he needed to storm down there and kidnap Dean away from Ketch...he couldn’t, and his Alpha was not happy about it.
His brain skipped back to that one thought, too shocked and distracted to really think of anything or anyone else for very long: Holy fuck, Cas had arrested him.
Castiel hummed contentedly and nodded. “Yes, I’d really like that.”
Castiel kept the phone against his ear long after Uriel had hung up. He couldn’t fail this again. He just couldn’t. He had to get Dean this time, even if it killed him.
“Hey!” There was rustling as Cas shifted. “I never wanted to date that dickwad. Lucifer was the one who was all gung-ho for us getting together and shit.”
What the hell did that mean?
“Hell yeah,” I agreed, trying to tamp down the relief in my voice.
Indecision warred on Castiel’s face for a short, painful eternity, but then his expression smoothed to deep sadness. “Wake up.” The whisper seemed torn from his throat. “You just have to wake up.”
Cas’s cheeks heated as his gaze became inescapably caught by bright green, a color that matched the ribbon around the Castilleja in the basket he held. He could only stare as the beautiful man walked right toward him, the crowd somehow parting easily for his measured steps.
Meg, who’d meandered over to study Ketch’s latest catch with her own binoculars, also gasped. “Holy shit, he’s gorgeous.” She turned back to Castiel. “Not for nothing, but I’d let him take me. You need to come see.”
Both boys looked up, guilty smiles on their faces.
“Actually,” Castiel said, turning toward Alfie who’d been standing silently by. “Why don’t you and Alfie go over the rest of the floor? He did an excellent job on the regionalism exhibit last week; I’d say he could offer some valuable input.”
Silence met his question, then Cas spoke. “There were many omegas who were...taken. I’m going to try to get them back.”
Balth laughed into the camera as he yelled, “That dumbass eloped! He fuckin’ eloped with Dean Winchester.”
Dean just smirked at the accusation. Didn’t deny it. He knew he couldn’t lie to Bobby; they’d been friends for too long.
Dean stepped forward. “Agent...” only now did he realize that he didn’t actually know Castiel’s last name. Henriksen had literally just handed him the photo and left.
He looked back down at the envelope. “Where is he?”
"Look, I'm leaving, okay?" Gordon muttered, his eyes wide. "Fucking insane..." He muttered, then spun around and rushed from the bathroom, leaving a cackling Castiel slumped alone in that last stall.
Castiel felt jealousy flare up again. How the hell did Dean know so much about the woman’s family? About everything, it seemed?
"It's not like I completely chased him off!" Castiel defended. "I told him to either shut up and fuck me or to leave...so he left," he murmured timidly.
He took a deep breath and stepped into the office, shutting the door firmly behind him. Hester barely turned her head to acknowledge his presence.
“It’s so nice to finally meet you!” Sam enthused.
“You mock the power of the Council?” Cas seethed. “We’ve locked you away in the deepest vaults of hell before, and we'll do it again.”
Dean hurried to follow Castiel out. “I'm surprised your mom lets you leave the house in those.”
“And wherever you are, Omega, that’s my home,” Dean responded easily.
"Can I come with?" Dean asked, and Charlie nodded eagerly.
Castiel paled, but stood his ground. “I can’t do it, Gabe. I can’t give myself to some omega I just met, or freeze in place every time I catch his scent.”
She inclined her head towards the office, and he offered a parting wink before strutting away.
Winter break rolled around. He was
The door to the children’s room clicked open and Brian poked his head out. “What’s happening?”
They worked in silent camaraderie for a while longer, occasionally talking about something they’d found, but Castiel could feel his eyelids growing heavy, his thoughts sluggish. He was about to suggest calling it a night when Dean whispered, “Got it!”
Castiel spun on him. “Exactly! My job is to help protect this country, this family...you and Michael and Anael!”
Sam’s smile grew, as if that news pleased him somehow. “He’ll be back soon, don’t worry.”
Dean smiled warmly and inclined his head toward the bedroom door. “It’s amazing, how well you handle them.”
When everyone just stared at him blankly, Cassie finally spoke up. “Did his end of the bond take?”
I tried to keep my expression flat. “Okay.”
, I promised.
Gabe, Cas’s brother. Gabe, Dean’s friend. Gabe, who’d shown up at Dean’s door after the interview had aired to yell,
“Please,” Dean whispered. “I’ve finally just got you...don’t give up now.”
This time, his tone was much softer. "I won't hurt him."
But it was probably Dean—Dean and his kind smiles and happy eyes, his boisterous laughs, his shy blushes—that convinced Castiel. Dean who reacted so perfectly to Castiel, to his quirks and eccentricities. Dean who was unendingly patient and understanding. Dean was everything Castiel wanted, and he was his for the taking.
And with sudden clarity, Castiel’s mind supplied the answer.
Castiel trudged over to the window and took the offered binoculars, scanning the idling cars to find Ketch, then froze.
“No, actually. I had a very good day,” Castiel said, glancing up at Crowley’s profile from where his head rested on his chest. “Why?”
Had he known that the conversation would end with Castiel once again leaving him behind, he’d have run at the very start. Now, he was even worse off than before, physically, mentally, and emotionally. His body, reacting to the nearness of its True Mate, had pushed things into overdrive, and he could feel the flush rising up his chest toward his neck, the sweat trickling down his temple.
“What do you think, Estelle?” Castiel prodded gently. The older woman turned awestruck eyes to him, and Castiel felt that swell of triumph in his chest. He knew that this was a done deal.
Cas nodded hastily and turned to head back into the playroom, listening as Dean’s footsteps faded in the opposite direction.
"God, this ass was made for fucking," Dean muttered.
"Cas! Cas, sweetheart!" Dean groaned. "I'm not gonna last much longer if you...you.. Oh my god!" Another wave of pleasure rocked him, and this time when his hips jerked upward, Castiel took him all the way to the hilt.
The thief looked back to the American agent. “No.”
when Hannah had ridden away in a grand carriage, grander even than the Dowager’s.
Dean still argued. “But what about my family, my job? My stuff!”
“I’m on a date, actually...a date which you are very close to ruining.”
Cas kissed down his chest and stomach working his belt open as he did. He tugged Dean's jeans off, leaving them both in their underwear.
Cas, on the other hand, was headed up to New York, to Columbia, for their creative writing program. He already had his entire path mapped out, all the way through courses and
“Dude, I will pay you
Dean frowned, as if surprised by the question. “Of course not! If anything, it proves to me that this is real. It just took a while for me to admit it.”
Victor had asked, carelessly, thoughtlessly.
He knew it was getting food, since it slipped away every day for a bit, but it’d always be quickly back to pace and cry. Cas found he’d even gotten used to the noise by the fourth day.
For the first time, Ash frowned and shook his head. “Look, it’s not for me to tell you Dean’s business.”
Dean didn’t let himself consider his actions of the night—his jealousy for Cas, his hesitance at pulling Cas back into his family’s business, his need to protect the beautiful man from his own dark past, the way he really had lost himself in their sex. He couldn’t let himself examine any of it too closely, because that would bring up some dark questions, questions that Dean wasn’t prepared to answer.
doing here?” Castiel muttered back. He half turned to Benny who trailed on his other side. “Why would you bring him?”
“I was worried those guys would show up again,” Garth muttered.
Castiel had noticed the handsome man immediately when they’d been shown to their table, of course. It would be impossible not to notice him in his sharp-cut blazer and bright green tie, matching eyes as green as the foliage that dotted the restaurant, his mouth soft and pink and perfect. His hair was parted sharply, not a single hair out of place.
Anna couldn’t help but mirror his triumphant smile. “Good.”
Suddenly, the teacup shattered, dark brown tea pooling out over the rough-hewn table. Cas’s concentration broken, the teapot dropped, shattering as well.
He liked fucking Crowley the best. It had only taken them a few times to find the perfect places to touch and tease to drive the other crazy.
‘No’.
“Dean, I must say that standing here in your presence is the greatest honor we could ever have hoped to achieve in our lifetime…” Blue Eyes’ voice trailed off as Dean gave his butt the slightest of wiggles.
and held out his hand. “Castiel, huh? Mind if I call you Cas?”
Cas looked down at himself and grimaced. “I don’t make a habit of dressing like this. Claire was very anxious about the party until I put this on.”
"Come on, Sam. I think spending the day playing games is a great idea."
Feeling more hurt than he wanted to admit, even to himself, Dean beat a hasty retreat to the bathroom. Shielding his face with his hand so as not to be recognized, he was frustrated to see that all the urinals were being used. Maybe a stall was a better option anyway; he could take the opportunity to lick his wounds in privacy for a few moments.
Dean clapped his friend on the shoulder in a congratulatory way, and made a face at Sam. “Nice one, buddy. That’s some beginner's luck you’ve got there.”
When they arrived - safely - at the club, Cas laughed and pointed at the sign.
“Yeah… yeah, I’m fine. I just haven’t got all the ingredients for dinner, and I need to get to the store real quick.”
“Did I just hear that that creature disappeared and you don’t know where it went?” Dean asked, adding a “Hello?” When no one answered.
He leaned on the table again, and smiled at them all, watching as Crowley grabbed a piece of paper and scribbled on it.
Castiel smiled and made a peculiar sound, and a handful of angels came through to the Hunter Hub.
playing," Dean said, gesturing to each of them in turn. "Sit your asses down."
The elevator arrived, and they bundled inside, Angel gripping onto Dean like his mere presence was stopping him from falling to pieces.
“You take your cooking so seriously. You should do what I do; just throw in whatever you’ve got in the kitchen,” Kevin said with a smile.
“Well done, Cas,” Dean said, trying not to sound grumpy. “
Clearly having been mulling the situation over, Bobby said, “I think we should've just taken the gig, I mean, who knows the next time he'll ask us.”
against an angel who was millions of years old was a bad idea. Of course Cas won, and Dean had to stop himself from complaining.
Dean zoomed out, punched in some information, and a circle appeared on the map. “What do you think, Sammy? Do you agree with my calculations?”
, Eileen was equally as insistent about it being
“Cas, stop! You’ll break every bone-”
Opening the door wasn’t easy by any means, but somehow Dean managed it. With a huff, he slid Angel onto the backseat, practically falling on top of him as he did.
Before Angel could react to that, Dean thumbed the head of his cock, eliciting the most adorable whimpering noises from him. His eyes fluttered shut and he laid his head on Dean's chest, and… he was doing that glowing thing again. Dean was mesmerised by it, but he realised that if he didn't want Angel to come before they got to the main action, he needed to stop and let Angel compose himself.
“Cas? Cassie? Where have you been? What happened to you? We tried so hard to find you; I-I was worried you might’ve done something… taken your own life.”
Eventually Dean got fed up with waiting, asking, “You gonna try them on? You won’t know if they fit unless you do.”
"Police brutality? Really, Dean?" Sam was obviously not a fan of that approach. "And I can't just go and arrest Chuck because Angel is scared of him… because you're 'sure of it'." Sam added air quotes for emphasis.
With a shy little smile on his face, he said: “I find that very hard to believe.”
Dean was pretty certain that this meant Claire would be coming too.
Castiel’s first encounter with Dean hadn’t been quite as welcoming as he’d hoped; in fact, although Dean had agreed to help, he’d been almost dismissive. The second time, however, had been very different. Dean still seemed dismissive, and disinterested towards the other angels, but with Castiel, Dean was attentive and friendly, and Castiel began to wonder if Dean was interested in him sexually.
When the order had gone through - plus another food order - Dean activated Colonel, then took up his guitar and began to play. He watched as Angel sat with Colonel while he plucked at the strings, and it struck him that they had already fallen into a routine; this was more or less exactly what they had done yesterday.
“What?” Castiel asked, obviously wanting an explanation.
He wasn’t going to play Chuck’s little game and respond to him though, because he had something more important on his mind, like the other people in the room. There was Naomi, who was staring at him with disdain, and another guy with wings, sandy coloured hair, and an annoying smirk; however, Dean’s eyes were fixed only on Cas, who was standing rigidly by the window. Remembering another time he’d watched Cas standing next to the window - bathed in light in his apartment - filled Dean with a sense of sorrow. Would he ever get to see him there again?
“Come on, come on, come on,” he urged. “If we want to finish this mission, we have to use some self-control.”
Dean and Cas settled down on the sofa for the evening, ready to play Dagon's Dragons; however, despite their best intentions, they couldn't keep their hands off one another. Half an hour later, Dean found himself stripped naked, on all fours, with Cas's tongue gently probing his entrance.
He’d managed to remove their coats and boots before they’d got into bed, but nothing else, and he knew they must look a mess. This was confirmed the moment Eileen came through the door.
Cas nodded, and Dean stepped forward, took the tie in his hand and pulled Cas forward until their lips were brushing.
Jo Harvelle as Beth Roadhouse
“Hi, Eileen,” Dean said once she’d released him. “I wanna learn too, if that’s okay?”
He had a last name, a location, and a computer, and within half an hour, he had found two relatives; Gabriel and Claire Novak. They had both made posts on the internet, looking for their brother/uncle Castiel Novak, who had gone missing, so now all Dean needed to do was to contact them and tell them that Cas was with him, and he was safe.
“You haven’t lost it, have you?” Dean asked.
Angel nodded, and started to eat, with as much enthusiasm as ever. The need for food was obviously more important than anything else in that moment, and Dean was glad of it.
___________
“I know it’s a lot to ask, but Sam can’t find out. He’ll have to report us, and that’s not fair; Angel’s the victim here.”
“What kind of signal?” Jo asked.
Crowley rolled his eyes in a manner that would have befitted Sam Winchester himself, or his alter ego, Sam Wesson.
, Dean decided, getting to his feet and walking around the table to stand next to Cas.
By the time they’d calmed down from that fright, and checked the fourth building, Dean was starting to feel disheartened. There were still three more, but he’d been sure they would have found something by now. He wasn’t about to give up, though, despite the disappointment.
Ash cried out, “I'm so sick of being right!”
“I changed my mind. I want to go back,” he said.
A little before one the following afternoon, Dean received another message from Gabriel to say that they would be there in about twenty minutes. He and Cas had both been on tenterhooks all morning, and now Cas's excitement seemed to be reaching fever pitch.
“And remember: mum’s the word,” Dean interrupted. Adding a “Shh, okay?” With a finger to his lips, he left to find Jo. He did not need these nerds talking to Sammy and the others, and pissing them off again.
“Apologies for interrupting your love fest,” she started. “But can’t you boys wait… ” She trailed off as she took in their crumpled appearance, and her pissed off expression turned to one of concern. “Are you okay?”
“Look, they're gone.” He gestured to where the creepy little monsters had been.
As the three of them hugged each other fiercely, even Claire seemed overcome with emotion at the sight of her uncle… hmmm, Cas and Gabriel were both her uncles. How did that work?
Angel stared at Dean, obviously wanting some guidance on if he should say yes or no.
Sam and the rest of the cast had been set up behind a long table - or more accurately, a series of smaller tables shoved together - right by the Coke machines, as Ash had promised; and speaking of Ash, Sam could see him pushing his way through the lines of people waiting for their autographs.
He was lying face down on something hard and uncomfortable, and when he tried to lift himself up, he found that he could barely move. It seemed that his hands and feet were shackled to the… table? Not that moving was at all a good idea; raising his head made everything spin, and he felt nauseated.
The sheer numbers of their pursuers had Dean beginning to panic, and as he started to run towards the rift with Sam, Crowley and Bobby following hot on his heels, it felt like all hell was breaking loose. “Hurry!” he urged.
He left the room, shaking his head in mock disappointment, to the sound of Angel chuckling.
Dean hovered on the edge of the family reunion, waiting for the hugs and muffled crying to stop, and when it finally did, he pointed to the sofa. “Sit down, and I’ll tell you the whole story.”
“Okay, I'll do my hands like this.” Jo said, cupping her hands to her mouth, and making a ‘cawing’ sound.
“Another hunter! Yes, the more, the merrier!” The MC shouted, as Ash made his way out front, followed by Jo and Hannah, who apparently still hadn’t let go of each other’s hands.
When his giant of a brother came through the door, Dean jumped up and held his arms out for a hug. Hopefully Sam wouldn’t reject him. “Sammy!”
Looking into Castiel’s eyes, Dean took a deep breath, and swallowed a lump that had suddenly appeared in his throat. “Castiel, there's no such person as Dean Smith. My name is Dean Winchester. I am an actor. We're all actors.”
Needing to take care of it before Angel awoke, he slipped his hand under the covers and into his pyjama pants. Palming his hard on, he began stroking, both fearing, and almost hoping, that Angel would come through the door and catch him. That thought alone got him hurtling towards his orgasm in a shorter time than it would normally take, and within a couple of minutes he was spilling over his hand.
“Uh uh.” Dean tapped Cas on the shoulder. “You’re not falling asleep here; not when there’s a perfectly good bed in the other room. Move your ass, angel.”
Except of course, he did, with a two card answer, which when read with the question said:
They stopped outside the Hunter Hub, waiting and listening. Dean poked his head around the corner, and observed Loki being approached by one of his men. “Lord, we must leave now.”
“We found the Book of the Damned.” Sam held up the creepy looking artefact. “We’re no closer to deciphering it yet, though.”
Once he’d brought the bowl out to the living room and set it on the coffee table, he made a quick trip to the bathroom for a washcloth, soap, and towel, then when he returned he slowly got Angel to sit up. Angel had to hold on to Dean’s arm for support, and he looked a little dazed for a few seconds once he was upright, but he sat still and waited for Dean to wash him.
Determined to show Cas just how much he
“I don't know,” Dean replied, trying to break free as Loki cut Castiel’s neck again.
Dean stepped right into Angel’s personal space, and ran his hands over Angel’s chest, before cupping his face and kissing him; softly at first, then with a growing ferociousness. Angel was touching and stroking every part of Dean he could reach, and he lifted Dean’s legs and wound them around his own waist before pushing him up against the cool tiles.
“Time to eat,” Dean said, clapping his hands together. “You like eggs?”
By the time he returned, Angel was sitting on one of the cushions, and was eyeing Colonel warily. Dean sat himself opposite Angel, put a knife and fork, and a bottle of beer in front of him, then gestured toward Colonel with his thumb.
With extreme willpower, Dean slipped out from underneath Angel, stood up, and held out his hand to help Angel up. “C’mon. We can get hot and steamy in the bathroom.”
Realizing these must be the people who had booked him for tomorrow, Dean made a hand gesture indicating for him to lower his voice. “Whoa, whoa, is this about the gig tomorrow? Hammer out the details with my agent, and make sure there’s a limo at my house.”
“No, it’s just a saying. We’re waiting for Sammy and Eileen, and then we’ll play. But game morning sounds weird.”
Dean let out a whistle of appreciation as he surveyed Benny’s handiwork. He could still see the wings, but the way they were camouflaged was ingenious. He was certain that Angel could get away with wearing it in the dark, and not be noticed. “That’s awesome. Thanks, man.”
“Oh man, this looks good.” Dean picked up the plates and brought them into the living room, sniffing the air deliberately, to show Angel how delicious the food smelled.
“They just did!”
he told himself, as he said, “I’m gonna have to pull your wings through the back here, okay?”
'I don't know,' Angel signed, shrugging for emphasis.
As if on cue, Angel chose that moment to leave the bathroom. Eileen's face went from surprise to shock, as did Angel's, and Dean guessed that his own expression probably looked the same.
What the fuck had Loki done to Castiel? Surely Dean hadn’t fought for his life against, and been saved from at the last moment, those… things, only to have lost the angel before anything had even really got going between them. If they’d hurt Castiel, he would fucking kill him.
With panic in his voice, Bobby replied, “Right, right. Okay. Right. Right. Answer the phones.”
Castiel as Castiel
Dean chuckled as he put on his own coat, shaking his head fondly at Angel’s impatience. They went to the elevator, and Angel took Dean’s hand in his as they waited, holding on tight as they travelled down to where they could join the outside world for a little while.
"Do you trust me?" he asked, sincerely.
Angel didn't react; his startled gaze was fixed on Eileen waiting in the kitchen, who in turn was staring right back at him.
“What a show! What a show! Yes! Yes!” The MC was beginning to sound like he might explode with excitement.
This wasn’t going well at all. Bobby really didn’t look like he knew what he was doing, and Dean was almost ready to jump out of his chair and start answering the phones himself.
"It looks good," Dean said, not knowing if he should broach the subject of the super fast healing. "How's the arm?"
“Bacon then?”
Sam blamed Dean for that, seeing as it was he who had kept everyone waiting for so long.
“It wasn’t Chuck, by the way. It was a couple of douchebags working for him, and at least one of them had wings.” Dean thought for a few moments, trying to work backwards, and sort out some kind of timeline in his head.
All four of them were standing watching him, and as he opened his eyes, Sam crouched down to his eye level.
The game started, and they raced around the track, trying to dodge the other cars. As always, it was great fun, but this time even more so, because Dean had a real person to play against for once. Every time one of their cars crashed into the barrier, or another car, Dean laughed uproariously, and he caught Angel grinning happily more than once.
As the afternoon wore on, the anticipation built, until Dean was in a state of nervous trepidation. Almost as soon as darkness had descended, Angel pulled on his coat, and was standing by the front door waiting for Dean.
“Good to know,” Dean said, with a wink.
why wasn’t he dead, and how the hell did he manage to get through the portal?
"Angel." He planted a kiss on the head of Cas's cock, before wrapping his lips around it and swallowing him down.
Jo’s response was a very sarcastic, “Yeah, almost as much as he loves himself.”
Angel gave a small nod and wiped the tear from his face, as Dean wound the bandage around the wound and secured it with the tape. “Okay, that should hold,” he said as he took the tray back into the kitchen, grabbed a plastic bowl, and filled it with hot water.
Once again, as if reading Dean’s mind, Cas grabbed his hand and pulled him up the staircase. This led to a fire escape, that took them up past another floor, and eventually out onto the roof.
He wasn’t expecting any kind of answer, so he carried on talking. “She’s nearly eighty years old; seventy eight, in fact. Can you believe that? Looks good, don’t she? Of course, she’s been modified to run on electricity now, but she still purrs like a kitten.”
Dean’s own jeans suddenly became tighter around the crotch area, and he shifted in his seat to relieve the unexpected reaction. He nodded, hoping that he wasn’t staring like some kind of sex-starved pervert, and pressed the heel of his hand into his groin.
Angel nodded and saved the game, then went to the bathroom before disappearing into the bedroom. Dean really wished he could join him in there, and it wasn’t just because he missed his mattress.
When he opened his eyes again, Dean could hardly believe what he was seeing; Cas was flapping his wings, and
It looked like he was intending to cook it himself, but Dean took a step back anyway, and said “help yourself,” by way of a little extra encouragement.
“Here we go,” Sam said, running his hand through his ridiculous hair as he broke through Dean’s musings.
Dean had to get out of there before they did something that changed things between them forever.
It started as an appreciative murmur, for Loki’s impressive ‘special effects’, but this quickly turned into a chorus of boos, as Loki pulled out an angel blade. The crowd were treating him like a pantomime villain, waiting for Dean, or one of the other hunters to deal with him.
“In your pyjamas?” Eileen laughed, and breezed past him into the apartment.
There was another small door underneath a staircase in the corner, and Chuck ran through it, quickly followed by his archangels. Sam, Gabriel, and the extra police officers chased after them, and Dean was about to do the same, but Cas held him back.
“Robert Salvage, Bobby Singer! Hi, Bobby!”
Dean turned to Angel…
Dean's hand became Angel's, as he sped up the strokes and whispered Dean's name. His other hand travelled to his nipple, and he rubbed his thumb around it -
“Shit, sorry, man. You’re pretty banged up, aren’t you? But I promise I’ll take good care of you.” Dean saw Angel’s eyes widen in fear at those last words, as if they had triggered something in him.
He had to stop Loki before he was allowed to embark on his murderous rampage once more. “Let go of me. Let... It's not Jo!” He protested, struggling against the tight hold they had on him. “That's Loki. Listen to me! I'm telling you, it's not Jo, that's Loki!”
His dark hair was messy, in a wild, windswept way, (just begging for someone, preferably Dean, to run their hands through it) his lips were plump and pink and looked a little dry but very kissable, and his eyes were the most stunning shade of blue. And then there were his hands; large, with long slender fingers.
Replying with the least amount of sarcasm possible, Crowley said, “Good, that's very nice.”
“Raphael… Michael, what a nice surprise you’ve brought me. Where did you find them?” Chuck came closer and grinned at his captives, as he looked them up and down.
Angel gave him a sad smile that he couldn't decipher, and he wondered what the meaning behind it could be.
Dean gave him a pointed look. “Is that right? Does that mean you could go on a date, y’know… if the opportunity arose?”
Dean wasn’t going to even get the opportunity to win against Sam this time, but surely he could beat Cas?
Being in a mostly-deserted part of town meant that it was quite dark, but they could see the twinkling illuminations spread out in front of them, gradually increasing in number the closer they got to the centre of the city. It was a beautiful sight, but Dean was still wondering how on earth they would escape this situation, when Cas put his arms around him and flared his wings as wide as possible.
“Told you he was a good guy, didn’t I?” Dean said, sitting himself back down. “So, what game do you wanna play today?”
Another shake of the head.
"I'm gonna get changed in the bedroom after…" Dean started, feeling the need to tell Angel this in case he suddenly got the urge to start exploring the apartment. Sure, it was unlikely, but it could get awkward as hell if one of them walked in on the other when they were naked.
“Would you like to don your uniform?” Blue Eyes interrupted his thoughts, and gestured for Dean to accompany him, to... wherever they kept their costumes, Dean guessed. Things were looking up… this was the perfect excuse to get him alone.
The graphics appeared on the screen, and Dean began to explain, “It’s a racing game, retro… you know, with old-style cars. You pick the one you want, customise it, and then we race around the track.” None of the cars in this game were actually racing cars, it was more about nostalgia than anything else, which was why Dean loved it.
Pulling off a little, he swirled his tongue around the head, then took most of it back in again.
They seemed to be taking small steps in the right direction, and this realisation calmed Dean enough for him to drift off again, much sooner than he would have expected.
He opened his mouth to give the douchebag a piece of his mind, but he quickly became aware of another guy behind him. As he felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise, he suddenly realised that this situation could actually be dangerous.
Sam noticed that Bobby had stopped just inside the building to investigate the snack machine.
If he wasn’t worried about the inevitable bad PR that would arise from an altercation with these ‘fans’, Dean would burst out of the stall and tell these douchebags to shut their pie holes.
Being able to go outside safely and anonymously meant that their after dark walks very quickly became a welcome and vital part of their routine. Eileen would visit in the mornings for their ASL lessons, and in the afternoons Dean spent as long as he was able working on his music, with Angel listening enraptured.
Crowley appeared to have reached breaking point, as he pointed at Dean and said to the others angrily, “This is ludicrous. Why are you listening to this fellow? May I remind you he's wearing a costume, not a uniform. He's no more equipped to lead us than this fellow.” He nodded at Ash. “No offense.”
"Cas, I… I'm sorry," he started. "We went to Chuck's house, to arrest him, but… he's gone. It seems he realised we were onto him, and he’s run for the hills. Vanished.”
Fuck, fuck, fuck. “No… no. I told him not to…
Sam looked uncomfortable, and Dean waited for him to explain himself, but nothing he could say was going to stop him from going after the man he loved…
“I only found out Cas’s name two days ago,” Dean snapped. “I would’ve told you earlier if I’d known… of course, I would.”
Dean padded into his conservatory wearing nothing but his shirt, underwear and socks, clutching a bottle of whiskey in one hand, and a glass in the other. He’d taken his pants off - it wasn’t like anyone was going to see him like this, after all.
His mom looked like she was carefully considering the information Ed had given her, before nodding, and saying, “Alright, dinner's at seven.”
Benny looked it over, then stood up and gestured for Angel to do the same. “This is perfect. I don’t know where you found it, but… kudos to you.”
“Maybe… slow down a bit?” Dean gave Angel an imploring look, and this seemed to have the desired effect, as he began to eat at a more healthy pace.
Dean was attempting to carry on talking to the crowd, but his microphone had been cut. He held it aloft and pointed at it in frustration, causing Sam to shoot him one of the bitchfaces he was famous for.
“So now you know,” Loki crowed in triumph. Then, pointing to one of his men, he ordered, “Open rifts to other worlds. We’ll send these feathered fools so far away they’ll never find their way back.”
“No, you won’t. Now, I promised not to hurt you again, so I need you to drink this.” Chuck pressed a straw to Dean’s lips, and waited for Dean to drink the water from the bottle he was holding.
Immediately after breakfast, Dean borrowed an unmarked car to drive into the city. He was exhausted after his late night of tossing and turning, crying into his pillow as his heart ripped even further in two. Castiel had made it clearer than ever: Dean’s scent was the only appealing thing about him.
"You okay?" Dean asked. Castiel nodded.
Dean frowned. “What was it to them? That true mates stuff ends up being complete bullshit most of the time.”
She heard his voice carry from the next room, “Charlie, you got someone named Gabe goin’ to your party?”
Dean smiled back. He couldn’t seem to help how he stared into Castiel’s liquid eyes, nor how he shuffled forward the tiniest bit, like Cas’s gaze was tugging him in. His mind flashed back to when they were bright and gold. He didn’t know which he liked better, the blue or the gold.
Hannah glanced at Castiel. “And you’ll have Castiel for now. He can do what I do.”
Dean let out a whoosh of breath, chuckling. “Awesome.”
"I didn't say anything," Dean protested, holding his hands up in an appeasing gesture. "But I did tell you that you're worth a lot more than you give yourself credit for, didn't I?" He leaned forward to press a soft kiss to Castiel's lips. "I feel like a lot of people can see that."
"Where are you headed to?" She asked as he stood again.
He brought his hand up against Castiel's ass in another light smack, the sound echoing off the ugly green tile walls.  Castiel moaned and stuck his ass out further.
“Hey, Cas!” Sam greeted enthusiastically.
Dean growled lowly in his throat. When he looked back to Sam, he could see that his brother was taken aback.
"No. Well, yes, but that's not what I meant. I want to go out without you. I like talking to you."
Part of Cas—the part that still missed Dean with every painful beat of his heart—wished he’d call, or track Cas down, say it was all a big mistake and beg for forgiveness. Another part of him—the angry, bitter part that replayed the sting of Dean’s lies again and again in an unending loop—never wanted to see the bastard again.
Dean stopped, stared down at the densely littered forest floor. The smell here was so familiar...His head jerked back up. “That field with the town and the forest.”
to make it up to you, to fix us, if you’ll let me.”
hurt you...or kill you.”
One of its rear paws was caught in a trap, coated in blood.
“Yeah, one of them got trapped in the elevator.” Luci nodded.
“Michael would want you to be safe, right? He’d want you and the pup to go somewhere safe.”
Dean smiled at her. "I'm always happy to meet new people. Especially if you're friends with Cas."
popped into his head. He pointed at Dean. “If you are what I think you are, then you’ll know I already told you my reasons the other night!”
He stepped up to the railing beside Cas, studying his profile as he studied the city.
Dean's brow furrowed as he scooted closer. "What happened?"
But Castiel knew this couldn’t last. Any moment, Hester would notice his distraction, any moment she’d turn to see what had so effectively captured his attention away, any moment she’d declare, “Not for you, my boy. Not this one.” And then that would be the end of it. Castiel would obediently withdraw his gaze, cut off that connection, forget that green pull and soft smile, because he had learned long before what happened when he didn’t obey.
“Sam! Dean!”
“There will be nothing easy about it,” he promised.
“Well, word’s gotten back to him, and he knows that I’ve got something good, something he can sell for a pretty penny.”
“You shouldn’t have...” Dean tried to protest.
There was so much good he could do if he went back. But then he’d thought of the memory he’d just seen, Cas on the jet. He remembered the pain Cas had hidden from him, that Cas had protected him from for so long. After all that Cas had done for him, after all that Dean done to Cas without even knowing it…
Castiel glanced back over his shoulder, his small smile still in place. “Yeah, I’ve worked in daycare since I was big enough to hold a baby myself.”
“Do you remember...” a long pause, almost as if he’d fallen asleep mid-conversation, as he had so many times before, but then he continued. “That day by the quad...”
He looked up at Cas. “And I finally just...I couldn’t take it anymore. So I ran away and chose a random village to settle down in.” A smile graced his lips. “And when I went to explore that very next day, I saw you. You were walking through the forest, bending to study the plants and flowers for nothing but their beauty. And I just knew...I finally felt it.”
to watch the couple, study their actions and reactions, track the minutiae of twitches in Anael’s expression.
"You look great," Dean started.
Dean nodded slowly. “I resigned instead.”
He ran towards the building and Dean pulled out of the parking lot.
Cas gulped. “A warlock,” he echoed, “then tell me something only the cat would know...something I told it about Hannah.”
Castiel smiled and latched on to Crowley's arm.
When they finally managed to part long enough to walk back down the boardwalk, hand-in-hand with the setting sun behind them, Castiel couldn’t help but think about how much had changed since just that morning, how whole his heart felt, how different his smile curved. And with Dean at his side, wearing his own grin and full heart, Cas was grateful that it had been a day unlike any other.
Dean, who knew all too well the effect Castiel’s scent had on him under normal,
Castiel shrugged. “I literally have nothing left to lose. You’d be doing me a kindness.”
“Take him back and go to Ana. Tell her to call for the Council.” Castiel didn’t look at Hannah, even in the midst of his instructions. “Tell them that I am fighting their battle now, a battle that should never have happened.”
“We don’t care what he is, he’s a danger to this job!” Ash cut in.
It’s so adorable, it’s
Finally hearing the jet landing, Dean ran out to meet it with the others right behind him. He slowed when he saw Hannah, walking down the ramp alone.
Castiel's phone buzzed and reached for it. A text from Crowley lit up the screen.
Cas could feel the way his heart melted, the tight ball unfurling slowly with each word. He finally turned his head to look back up at Dean. “Do you really mean it?” Dean opened his mouth to answer, but Cas pushed on, “Because if you don’t, please just let this go now.”
When the P4 crossed the finish line far ahead of the others, Dean pulled the car back into its designated spot and jumped from the cab, laughing brightly. He practically threw himself at Ketch, allowing the alpha to pull him into a tight hug.
Dean’s brow arched at the use of the word short, but he nodded for Cas to continue.
Dean tucked a finger under Cas’s chin and bent to press a kiss to his upturned mouth. “I fully intend to love and raise this pup like he’s my own, but he will grow up knowing about his father. I think bearing his name is a good place to start.”
Castiel sighed and shook his head. “Don’t worry about it, Dean.”
Cas shot Dean a suspicious glance as their families hurried off. “Don't take too long with what?”
“Have you told Dean yet?” she murmured, and Cas shook his head.
He hadn’t realized how much tension Cas’s shoulders held until it was all released. Obviously the request had weighed heavy on Cas’s mind.
"Hello, Dean," Castiel replied shyly as Dean bent to press a soft kiss to Castiel's cheek. He gestured toward the Charlie. "This is Charlie. Charlie, this is Dean."
Meg swung to point an accusing finger at Lucifer, uncaring of the consequences. “I hope your payout is worth it.” She slowly backed away to follow her cousin. “You know, I always wondered if I made the right choice, staying away from you.”
"About time," he murmured with a smirk.
And with those words, Dean went ice cold, because the fear that had been nagging at the back of his mind was fully realized.
“And then you’ll wake up?” Hannah asked.
Only now did Benny realize who the omega was. His eyes widened. “Holy shit, Castiel?”
He used his front door to take the main road that led right into town, not the back paths that kept him away from the crowds, with M. Winchester's latest basket hung over one arm. The entire trek was spent practicing his simple speech: “While I appreciate your generosity, it is unnecessary. I do not need gifts, especially those extending from pity.”
Dean almost growled, but then Rachel’s soft voice was right there behind him. “Is everything okay, Dean?
Cas’s hands stopped twisting, the blue glow fading slowly until Crowley was left a whimpering heap on the floor. He knelt down, cupped the side of the alpha’s head and leaned in close to his ear. Dean could barely hear his words.
"Ah, the ol' bathroom stall," Crowley reminisced, his tone wistful. Castiel laughed, shoving him lightly in the shoulder.
“So it was a very good lunch, I’m taking it?” she murmured, and Cas blushed.
Holy shit. He’d actually done it. Cas had arrested him.
“Did you...” Dean hedged, “murder someone?”
Castiel shot him a flirtatious glance over his shoulder. "Twice."
“A witch and a goddess reincarnate...and you still couldn’t see?”
Dean’s eyes widened. “Why the hell would he get thrown in jail?”
He glanced up and found Jo standing in front of him.
“We both know that’s not true, my love,” Castiel murmured.
She stood and walked backwards toward the edge of the property. “A single word of this, and I will tell everyone what you really are.”
It wasn't that he was embarrassed. It was that he didn't want Crowley to disagree with what Dean had said. Right now, those words that Dean had spoken were his, and his alone. There was one person who thought, misguidedly of course, that Castiel wasn't a total whore. Castiel didn't want to ruin that.
Dean waited until his alpha had settled and his eyes had bled back to their usual green before he tracked Castiel down. The poor thing had already had one bad scare from an overbearing alpha; he didn’t need another so soon.
“Dammit, Dean!” Cassie jumped up. “I’m taking you back.”
When he finally dared to glance back up, he found Anna studying him, her eyes narrowed. Oh no, had she seen? She had to know, right? Cas tried for a weak smile before he returned his eyes to his plate, desperate to escape the other omega’s scrutiny.
Dean spun to smile at his brother. “This is what I do, it’s what I’m good at. So can you just trust me? Just once, let me use my stupid, overactive brain to help you, okay?”
“Castiel!” Michael hissed. “Promise me,” another deep, wet breath, “that you’ll shoot me...in the head.”
As usual, the children’s chatter was peppered with random comments and questions that ranged from “I like macaroni the bestest,” to “What if your baby has too many toes?”
He lifted his own hands to grip the front of Dean’s jacket, angling his head to slot his mouth more firmly against Dean’s. He reveled in the low moan that tore from Dean’s throat, desperate and hungry. He could taste the decadent chocolate dessert they’d shared, the malt beer Dean had sipped throughout the meal, the fresh mint Dean had popped in his mouth on the way out the door. But underneath it all, Castiel could taste Dean.
At first Dean’s heart picked up a beat, possibly even two, just like it had during the countless times they’d hung out over the years of their friendship. But then it shuddered to a stop, curling in pain when he realized that Cas was
“But not really,” Meg interjected. She glared at her cousin, her expression determined. “I don’t know how many times I’ll have to say this before you believe it: you are worth everything. Everything, Castiel! And if Dean can’t see that, then he isn’t worth a pile of shit, and he’s definitely not worth you.”
Dean arched a brow. “A couple of hours?”
“I don’t think—”
He shook his head, hesitating before his the next words. “LeMarc, one of the greatest criminals the world has ever known, had a wife and son, but he still managed to remain active under police radar for years.”
When they arrived at the school, Crowley wasted no time in hopping out and scurrying away, muttering about a quick smoke. Castiel was about to climb out as well when Dean halted him with a hand on his arm. He glanced over to find Dean studying him intently.
“Yeah!” Sam agreed, almost
Dean grit his teeth and forced his smile to remain firmly in place.
Castiel frowned. “You know Joshua?”
a couple times.”
“You have done enough damage, Kazimir,” he yelled, and then Dean could hear no more as he rose higher in the air.
Castiel sighed. "Sorry...I do have a tendency to do that, don't I? Look, it's not that big of a deal. I was letting some guy fuck me over the counter, you know, and then..." He trailed off uncertainly.
Oh, and don’t forget that late night call when Cas had told his parents he was staying at Balth’s, but had actually ended up in Dean’s bed, getting fucked within an inch of his life. He’d known then, as Dean kissed and cuddled him afterwards, that he really was in love with Dean Winchester.
“Time works differently in Hell. You're there over forty years before you break.”
Dean feels an idea beginning to form. It's a long shot, but it'll have to work. “Come back home with me.”
Ruby shakes her head. “You might as well kill me now. It'll be less messy than whatever Lilith does to me.”
“He isn't ready to know.”
“Anything, Dean.”
“Why, huh? Why'd you guys not step in and save the day?” Dean is angry now, his voice gruff and his eyes blazing.
Bela flops back on the bed with a disgruntled sigh. “Does this mean I'll have to go live a normal life?”
There's judgment in his tone, and Castiel understands. He did disrupt Jimmy Novak's life. His actions destroyed the Novak family and left Claire without a father. “Jimmy Novak. He was a good man. He's in Heaven now. This body is just me.”
“And apparently, neither are you.”
Dean gives Sam a quick once over with his eyes and seems satisfied he isn't hurt. “What happened?”
“Just until after Christmas. We do the whole happy family thing, then once Jack goes back to school, I'll sign your damn papers.”
Bela arches a brow. “Sorry, I'm not the one in love with one of them.”
“Yes. When Lucifer is let out of his cage, he'll need to find his true vessel.”
He could wait for Sam; Sam probably has memorized the Latin and can exorcise this asshole. But there's no telling how long that'll take. There's a quicker way, and one that will scare the demon shitless. And honestly? He wants this bitch to squirm. “Yeah, but I got somebody coming for me and he doesn't need Latin.”
Ruby steps closer to Sam. “Don't listen to him Sam, I'm here because I want to help you. And I can if you trust me.”
There's more he could tell them. More about them being vessels, about Mary making a deal years ago that sealed their fates. But they don't have to know that yet. There's only so much the human mind can process at one time. Better to leave the rest for later.  Sam will want answers to his questions, but if can spare them some pain now, he will.
“Not this time,” Cas says, and he sounds so defeated. So tired.
Dean lets him go, takes a step back and turns red. His mouth opens and closes. “That was—I'm not-”
“Queen of Hell, fantastic lay, batshit crazy. That about cover it?” Crowley says and tips back his drink. There is something nervous about him now. Not fear of him, Cas thinks, but fear of Lilith.
“How?” Bela demands.
“Divorce papers,” Dean repeats.
“Bobby Singer?” Bela says, sounding somewhat pleased. Then she frowns and holds up a hand. “I'll drive myself, thank you.”
Next chapter we have Cas and Dean talking, and also Cas talking to Bela about her demon deal.  And we see if they fix the Colt.
? That's it? All these years and it's over? Now? It's practically Christmas.
“Not long enough.”
“Dean,” Cas warns, because he can feel that Bela is about to pull the trigger. He angles his body in front of Sam so the only clear shot goes into him. He'd rather take the shot than let Sam take it, even if he can heal Sam after. Bela shooting his brother isn't exactly going to be the start of a beautiful relationship for Dean.
“Neither. Both. I don't know.”
The other man has already geared back to slap Sam and it goes through before Cas can wonder over to him and touch a hand to him. He falls at Sam's feet and Sam blinks up at him. “You couldn't have done that before he hit me?”
Bela props her head in her hand. “Yes, Bobby, what does make it tick?”
Bela reaches up and tugs him down to lay next to her. Cas allows himself to be pulled down. “You know you aren't what I imagined an angel to be like.”
“Damn right, sister.” Dean says. Except Cas hasn't shown up yet. “Cas, buddy, kinda in a situation here with a demon. Could use a hand.”
“No, Bobby, I want you to summon a demon. I'll be a safe distance away.”
Cas shrugs off his own trench-coat and wraps it around her shoulders. It engulfs her and makes her look small, fragile. Something Cas knows she definitely is not. “Maybe I should wait.”
“Yeah, uh, I'll give you directions.” Sam says. He walks Bela back to her car.
“So what, we gotta let some angels wear us to prom?”
He doesn't trust Ruby for a second. Even if she agrees to help them now, it'll only be to save her own hide. She'll betray them the minute she gets the chance. “Or I could end you now.”
“Who is she?” Cas says.
“Son of a-” Dean starts.
“You say we, but you're refusing my help.”
Cas squints at him. “I thought Lilith held all contracts.”
“Thanks man,” Dean says. He slides away from Castiel's touch as Sam comes near. “Guess we'll meet you back at Bobby's?”
This chapter is pretty short due to some technical difficulties. My computer is adding random 1s to everything I type, so just getting this much done was like pulling teeth.  The second half of this will actually have Cas speaking to Ruby with Sam, and we'll get somewhere with the plot.  I hate posting something this short, but with my computer on the fritz I don't know how long until the next update will be and I wanted to give y'all something.
“Come on, we're wasting daylight.” Dean heads toward the door, clapping Cas on the back as he heads out.
“Yeah, well aren't angels supposed to be the good guys? Why wait to save me from Hell? Why not save me from going?” Dean says, and he looks so young. Cas can remember him this young, when he had so little faith in anything, in himself. He hadn't thought he deserved to be saved.
“We need to talk.”
“You want to summon a demon? Have you lost your mind?”
Crowley's eyes sweep over Cas from head to toe. “I'm sure there's something you can do for me to save your pet. Who is it?”
“No,” Dean says, all bravado. “You're not going to shoot anybody. See, I happen to be able to read people. Okay, you're a thief, fine, but you're not-”
In Heaven, Cas was a tactician and soldier. He'd like to remind Sam of that, then he remembers this Sam doesn't know. “Yes, likely directly to Lilith.”
Bobby takes a bite of his sandwich and gives him a keen look. Cas feels strangely like a misbehaving child under his gaze. “I will tell them eventually.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas sighs. “Dean-”
The ropes binding him to the chair in Bobby's kitchen are becoming itchy. He hopes he can reason with Sam and Dean soon so he can remove them.
“She wanted to speak to you.”
Another short chapter, since it's just the back half of the last one.  Next one will be full length I promise.  I debated on whether to keep or cut Dean's dream here, but ultimately decided to keep it.  Given how it SHOULD be the middle of the night when they bring Ben back to Lisa (though the scene was obviously shot during the day) I figured Dean would try to catch some shut eye before he and Sam left.  So hopefully it doesn't feel too jarring or out of place.
It's not ideal, but it's a start.
Sam sucks in a breath. “Lucifer?
“It's why Azazel wanted him. The reason for his powers. All of it was to prepare him to be the vessel of Lucifer.”
“Relax, it's a shoulder hit, I can aim,” Bela says, eyes never leaving Cas.
“So we find this Crowley guy and gank him.”
“I told you, in the future we're like family.”
“Crowley, he's king of-”
When he sneaks a look toward Dean, Dean almost looks like he believes him.
Bela laughs a little. “That one's easy, Castiel. If you don't care, you can never get hurt.”
The demon is in a devil trap, so there's little chance she could harm Dean. She has however trapped him in this basement with rubble. “Hello Dean.”
Cas and Bobby talk about Dean
That's not strictly speaking true, but Cas gets the sentiment. “I know about your deal.”
“We're supposed to care.”
He can hear Bobby on the phone talking to Sam, and soon, Dean's voice joins as well. It tugs on his heart to hear Dean's voice again, even if this Dean isn't his Dean, not yet. Not that Dean has ever been his. Not the way he wants.
Bela looks over at him. “Do you really believe that?”
Sam's eyes go wide. “The what?”
“Yes. Soon we'll have the Colt and Ruby should lead us to Lilith. This could all be over soon, Dean.”
“Tell us where to find the demon Crowley.”
“Something like that.”
Cas approaches them and Bela turns to him. “Castiel, tell Bobby the best way-”
“Slow because he won't listen,” Bela adds.
“Have you thought about Jack, what this is going to do to him?” Dean spits out. Jack is away at his first semester at college, but he's had a rough life. An absent father, and a sick mother. When Kelly had finally became to sick to care for him, she wanted Castiel to take him in. Begged him to take care of him after she died. Dean hadn't wanted a kid, much less a teenager, but Kelly Kline didn't have anyone. Cas was the only friend she had she could trust to take care of her son. So, because Cas wanted it, he agreed. He hadn't expected to get so attached to the kid so fast. Three years later and he couldn't be a prouder dad.
“Yes, king of the crossroads. You hold all contracts.”
Lucifer?”
Castiel frowns. He certainly has no fond feelings for Crowley, but Rowena has proven a useful ally in the future. Killing her son may make a powerful enemy of her. “He works for Lilith. There will retaliation.”
“Man up, Clarence and serve him the damn papers.”
“That's bullshit, Cas!”
“You believed I was a demon,” Cas says. “Bobby also shot me.”
So what did you think?  Like always comments are appreciated. I'd like to hear if you guys think I'm getting Sam and Dean right, I'm trying to stick to their season 3 characterization, so if I seem off let me know.
Dean scrubs a hand over his face. “So you're saying it's my fault the world's gonna end?”
Sam lets out something close to a laugh. “You're a cold bitch, you know that?”
He could do this. He could win Cas back. If only Cas agreed.
A snort. “Clearly you don't, or you wouldn't have been sent me.”
“Think of the seals as locks on a door.”
The demon laughs. “Aw, is he ignoring you? Poor Dean.”
,” Cas says sternly. “Heaven allowed you to be pulled to Hell. They allowed the seals to be broken. This isn't your fault.”
“I care,” Cas says. “Heaven is flawed, yes, but it's your side that sets this into motion.”
Dean lets out a noise somewhere between a laugh and a snort.  "Since when do angels care about saving lives?  I've been working this job my whole damn life, and I ain't never seen one of you step in and help us poor bastards.  So why start caring now?"
“Yes. He's been trapped in the cage for a millennia, since his fall from grace. Lilith wants to set him free. Azazel—Yellow Eyes—has been working to free Lucifer. All of it has been to start the Apocalypse. It's why they want Dean in Hell.”
“...Alright.”
“Might've found some omens in Ohio. Dry lightning, barometric pressure drop.”
“Ah, back again are we. You know I never caught your name.”
He doesn't run. Cas finds him in an office, or a study, some room with a desk and shelves of books and a thick rug on the hardwood floor. It's spacious and tastefully decorated, the desk some massive mahogany thing with intricate carvings in the wood. Crowley is in the same meatsuit he's used to seeing him in, albeit a few years younger. He pours out a glass of amber liquid—scotch or brandy, Cas can't be sure, the decanter doesn't have a label and signals Cas to sit down. “You make quite an entrance.”
Bela was just another victim that his side failed to save. She prayed for help and was ignored. And this is the Heaven he once believed in, he once fought for. And what is there to say? That he's sorry? It's too late for that. But Bela was a hurt child who took a way out, perhaps not the best way, but she had been young and afraid. That shouldn't be enough to send her to Hell. Heaven should have stepped in and saved her.
Cas saves Sam and meets Bela, he and Dean have a talk
Tears sting at Bela's eyes. Castiel doesn't know what to do about that. Sam and Dean aren't exactly good at expressing emotions and isn't sure how to comfort her.  He moves and sits next to Bela. “Without the contract you have plenty of time to make better choices. You can still reach Heaven.”
It's an offer mostly because they need her alive to help them, but also because he genuinely wants to help people. Usually not people who shot him, but then, Dean stabbed him the first time they met. Something on Bela's face softens just slightly for a second and she smiles and him. “I'm a big girl, I can handle myself, but I appreciate the sentiment.”
“I healed him. He'll be fine.”
Dean shrugs. “Didn't think it mattered.”
“Sounds like you aren't ready to tell him,” Bela says. “You should, you know. In case this thing with Lilith goes wrong and you die horribly.”
“I have time.”
As soon as they are out of earshot, Dean turns to Cas. “So, ah, thanks, for having Sam's back back there.”
“One choice? I've lied, I've stolen, I've been selfish and careless. I thought I was going to Hell anyway, so why did it matter? And now, if I'm still going there, then what's the point?”
“They're the seven deadly sins,” Cas says, because he knows a thing or two about demons.
Cas sighs. “No.”
“Whose Lilith?” Sam asks.
But it's fine, it'll be fine. He has a plan. He talked about it with Charlie. He'll apologize to Cas for whatever he did (he isn't sure what he did, exactly, but he'll fix it) and he'll ask Cas to come home. Home doesn't feel like home without him. Miracle keeps looking for her other Daddy and making sad, puppy eyes at him. Sadder even than those eyes Sammy used to make when he was a kid trying to convince Dean to let him get away with something.
“An angel? You're calling an angel?” The demon sounds panicked.
Sam's eyes dart from Ruby to Castiel. He relaxes minutely. “I trust you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean has a dream, Sam and Cas talk to Ruby
That one was definitely sarcasm.
“I think so, yeah. Why?”
The look Bobby gives them is withering.
“Why would a demon help us?” Sam says, as Dean and Bobby say “What?” at the same time.
Thank you to everyone who commented and left kudos.  You are all awesome.
The boys have left to go take care of whatever in happening in Ohio, leaving Bobby, Bela and Cas behind. Only after a few minutes, Bela becomes frustrated and heads outside saying she needs some air. Cas means to let her go be alone, but Bobby jerks his head at him in a clear sign to follow her.
“Yeah, or maybe he had a brother who took his stuff.”
“I do.”
“You're the Michael sword, the true vessel of Michael. Once Lucifer is released he'll find him and fight him.”
“But if it does.”
Cas wants to tell him, tell him how kind he is, how loving, how brave, how he's the best example of humanity there is. But Sam is sitting on the other bed and Dean wouldn't appreciate an audience. “When I gripped you tight and raised you from perdition, I saw your soul. All of it. You are worth fighting for.”
Before Castiel can reply, he hears something, like a voice ringing in his ears.
There's a mocking smile on Crowley's face. “Well, now I've seen it all. An angel in love with a human.”
The entire world feels like it suddenly shifts. Dean is knocked completely off-balance. Cas wants a divorce? A
“I'm not-” Cas tries to protest, but Crowley cuts him off.
, he was only wearing it. But now it is his and he can do with it what he likes. And he would like, very much.
Cas shoves his hands in his pockets and leans back beside her. “Sam and Dean are my family, my true family. I never had that while I was in Heaven.”
“Don't tell me you're buying this,” Dean says, shooting Sam a look.
Cas looks over at Dean and considers it. “Yes, I think I can.”
“Families are the thing we have to survive until we can break free. Guess it's the same here on earth as it is in heaven.”
“I'm her right-hand man.” Crowley sounds a bit smug about it.
He could stop with that. Should stop with that. But the words keep spilling out of his mouth. “The truth is I fell in love with a human.”
Cas maneuvers around to each one, checking if they need to be healed. Most are fine, only suffering from memory loss of the time possessed. He decides it's better they don't remember. “They'll be fine. Confused, but fine.”
Dean cuts him a look. Cas holds up his hands in surrender. “Of course, if that's what you want I'll oblige.”
Dean grins, “Oh, I'm sure she'll find us.”
“Dean,”
“Yeah, right.” Dean still looks shaken, though he hides it well. “Hey, all of this? Don't tell Sammy. He doesn't need to know.”
“You're an angel, an actual angel?” Sam says, and he looks intrigued. But of course, Dean is meant to go to Hell in a year and Sam is desperate to stop it. He'd want to see Castiel as an ally.
Castiel set the giant book aside, giving Dean his full attention. “I asked, didn’t I?”
He was so fucked.
“Interesting,” she murmured.
“The bond?” Sam burst out. “What bond?”
“See what?”
“Please shut up,” Dean said as he brought his refreshed drink up for a sip.
“When is your next...contact?” Dean didn’t miss the extra beat there, and he smiled. Victor may not have exactly agreed with his methods, but he needed them.
"Thank you, Anna," Castiel spoke up. Her eyes shot to meet his, and Castiel could see the surprise there.
Gabriel, who’d been holding in his mirth, suddenly burst out laughing. “Oh my god, I wish I could see Cassie’s face when he sees them!”
Dean stood from his seat. “Have you considered a career change?”
Hannah motioned for Dean to go first then followed. She pointed toward the ruined town as they crossed the dry field. “That’s the town where Castiel grew up. Each of those buildings holds a memory of his life.”
“No, we’re gonna stay here with the little ones; makes your scent so much sweeter...” Gordon pulled in a deep breath, dragged his nose up Castiel’s throat. “God, your smell so intoxicating...drives me wild.”
"Right," Castiel confirmed.
Castiel couldn’t even answer that, because he didn’t know the answer himself. He wanted Dean, that was obvious, but he couldn’t have him. He’d already invested too much into his career into a life of service to his father, his family. He couldn’t risk that. He had to stay focused.
Castiel's brow furrowed. He almost asked what Dean had meant when the taller boy warned, "I'm not going to shy away from this. And I'm going to try my hardest not to hurt you."
Dean finally asked, “Do you have any pieces in here?”
More confused voices rose at the statement, but Cas held up a hand to silence them. “I hold a separate power no supreme has ever known. No matter where I go, the forest is always with me. Always.”
Gordon crouched down and grabbed Castiel by the hair, yanking his head back so that the blue-eyed boy was forced to stare at him.
“I won’t, okay? It’ll be fine.” He stood and walked toward the side table where he’d left his phone earlier. “I need to call Frank, see where he is on that…”
"You want me to be your boyfriend?"
"Like that's a surprise," Charlie said, rolling her eyes. "You'll end up married to him just for the convenience."
Mary chuckled. “Of course he does! Told us all about you. From the first week it's been, ‘Cas is amazing,’ and ‘Cas likes Vonnegut too,’ and Cas this and that. Honestly, I'm glad I finally got to meet you.” She leaned in to whisper conspiratorially. “I was starting to think that he had made up a gorgeous boyfriend just to get us off his back.”
A rustling in the leaves behind him sent him spinning around as the old woman emerged from the darkness. “He said you would come here.”
Dean stared down at his plate for several long moments, contemplating the offer.
She nodded. “Red. An alpha’s eyes turn red in moments of...” she struggled to find the right phrasing, “let’s call it heightened emotion.”
“But if we have to...” Hannah countered from her own earpiece.
He forced himself to take one step back, then another.
“When they broke the seals,” Henriksen continued, drawing Dean’s attention back to the picture of the man, “Castiel went deep under, practically disappeared.”
"He hurt you. That's all I care about," He murmured. "What can I do?"
Sam grimaced and shook his head. “Apparently he took a liking to the new omega.”
When they reached the children’s room, Dean watched as Castiel led the children through their nightly routine—climb under the covers, a goodnight kiss on each forehead, a shared memory from the day, and then Castiel was shutting off the light and stepping out into the hallway with Dean, finally alone.
“But you did!”
“Are you destined to be the Supreme then, as well?”
He didn't realize that he'd dozed off until the sharp rapping on his window startled him awake. He blinked once, twice, allowing his eyes to grow accustomed to the too-bright light. He slowly turned his head to look out the window.
Dean’s head suddenly popped up from the fridge. “You know Cas?”
He had been planning on letting one of these men win, in an attempt to ingratiate himself, but fuck that. Dean swung, his ball sailing cleanly down the green. He smiled smugly as he turned back to them, “Who’s next?”
Dean blinked, then offered a tight smile. “Of course not. I was just about to go grab another drink anyways.” He tinkled the ice in his glass.
"I wanna go home."
Cas’s frame stiffened, and his face withdrew from Dean’s neck, but only slightly enough that Dean alone could tell.
“Really?” Dean wondered, feigning surprise as he tried to conceal his triumph.
"I know," Castiel assured him. "I just wanted to say it before my mouth became otherwise occupied. Because I highly doubt I'll remember to say it later."
"No, I mean... You were okay with being... You know..." Dean trailed off, and Castiel felt the unease in his gut grow.
With a wave of her hand, the teapot mended, as did the teacup. The spilled tea disappeared as steam began rising from the teapot again.
One time Mr. Singer had asked him what his favorite color was. The dude had said brown. Who the fuck chooses
“Because,” Dean hesitated, studying him, then shrugged. “It comes easy.”
Meg spun round. “What?”
“Fuck!” Dean whispered as he slammed his mouth onto Cas’s, wrapping his arms around the man’s neck and pulling him close.
Castiel’s eyes flashed over the rim of his wine glass as he took another sip, his mouth turning up at the corners. Even with his attempt at hiding the smirk, Dean caught it.
When Cas slid up next to him, he smiled at Dean, but the smile was tight, stressed. “Ready to go?”
“This place used to be a sanatorium, way back before it was a hospital,” Dean said. “Still got those old, high walls and everything. Before the outbreak, I used to drive past this place and think it was a survivalist’s wet dream.” He shrugged with a rueful smile. “When the shit hit the fan, I knew exactly where to go.”
Dean stood once again in the middle of Białowieża Forest, his eyes tracking the deep shadows. This time, though, he was alone—no team, no uniform.
His eyes widened. “Watch out!” he pointed behind Dean, who turned to find two undead soldiers right there. He tried to raise his blade, but they were already on him, reaching for him.
He took the offered hand and let Castiel pull him in.
Dean felt something dark and painful rising in his throat as he remembered Hannah’s months of lackluster responses and vacant stares. He didn’t know Castiel that well, didn’t even really like him, but the thought of anyone going through that, but worse...it didn’t sit right.
escaped as Cas gently lifted it from his lap and set it down on the wall.
“I’d like that,” Castiel smiled.
He’d never been caught before.
"Dean, sweetheart, you can't enjoy the show if you finish too soon," he reminded. "Now watch," he breathed.
My brow arched. “You got any other suggestions?”
Dean shushed him as he ran a soothing hand down Castiel's back. "We'll get there. I just gotta make sure you're ready," he murmured, his hand slipping down to Castiel's hole. He found it already slick and open for him.
He had a tightrope to walk here—creating an alliance while keeping Sam off the hook—and that required research in this library. It also required not alienating one of the king’s sons.
He grinned down at his phone. This guy hadn't been lying when he said he jumped at opportunities. And yes, now Castiel had a very vivid mental image of New Guy jumping him as soon as he opened the front door, and dragging him up to his room, and pinning him down to the bed, and smashing those perfect pink lips against his, and...
Castiel nodded. He did know. Change came hard, especially for someone who'd been raised like Naomi.
Now with Cas in my lap, practically burrowed into my front, I couldn’t imagine doing anything else. I
“This little troublemaker causing any problems?” Dean asked, but his tone was teasing.
“Three loaves, please,” Cas murmured, his voice low and smooth, cultivated to draw as little attention as possible.
needing his omega.
Dean glanced back up at him with an arched brow. “Two days ago? Just out of the blue.”
Ana pointed. “...with her.”
“Good enough,” Bobby said.
"And?" He finally prompted.
Dean chuckled as he settled on the floor across from Cas’s chair. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“How close?” Benny prodded.
Ana turned to the council. “I know I should not ask this...I would not, if there were any other way…”
With another two steps, Dean was right in front of Cas to take hold of his hand.
“What did he do?” Dean asked again, coughing with the effort.
"I know. I just...I mean that this feels like more, you know?" He sighed heavily, glancing away. "I don't know if that even makes sense, but..."
“Hey!”
They climbed the stairs to the grandiose front doors, which the footmen opened to reveal a small congregation gathered there in the entry hall, waiting for them.
He flicked his tongue over Dean's nipple and the other boy jolted, groaning. He teased his chest for a while before kissing down his stomach and undoing his belt
Dean arched a brow at Castiel, and the dark-haired boy blushed. Charlie giggled. "Plus there's that whole blushing thing. I mean, I don't think I've ever seen him blush that hard before..."
“Not now or ever.” Castiel got up and hurriedly tugged on his clothes. Before he left, he swooped down to kiss Crowley goodbye. “See you later.”
"Of course. It kinda would've defeated the purpose if she'd found out," Castiel explained slowly.
Charlie smiled. "Yeah, I kinda missed you too."
, it whispered again and again.
“Just a little longer, Winchester. You’re almost done,” he reminded himself softly. For some reason, the reminder didn’t help him feel any better.
Cas giggled softly. “I bet you could show me some real nice pictures.”
Dean nodded. “We took care of them downstairs.”
He thought of the unbearable agony he’d endured in the nightmare. That pain was contained within Cas’s soul, had been for months now.
But then the memory of his last conversation with
It was all just
He trailed off for a moment then seemed to catch himself and glanced back at Dean. “Growing up, Ana told me stories about them.” He nodded toward Dean. “You’ve probably heard some version of it. They formed this world, imbued it with the magic to create and sustain life.”
Dean’s eyes widened. “Pity?” He shook his head. “Oh no! I’m so sorry if you thought…” he smiled again. “Perhaps I should’ve explained: they’re a thank you, for feeding my cat.”
Crowley’s laugh thundered through the dining room. “I have no doubt of that!” He smirked at Dean. “Yet you keep your hands to yourself?”
Immediately, a cranberry spritzer was set for Hester, an orange juice (with just a little extra splash of vodka) for Castiel. He nodded his thanks to the young waitress, who blushed up to her roots and hurried away to see to her other tables. No one bothered to take their orders; they probably already had their usual dishes nearly ready in the back.
Castiel stared up at the front of the ritzy restaurant, his heart slamming in his chest. Dean came up beside him, wrapped his arm around his waist.
Winchester interrupted him. “Fine, text me tomorrow.”
But even as the thought crossed his mind, something in his chest rebelled at the idea.
“You’re up!” Anna chirped. “Welcome back.”
“Have you?” Cas spun to face him.
At first he’d read from books, use other people’s words. Eventually he began to tell the cat his own stories, his own heartbreaks.
“Hi there,” green eyes flashed as soft lips curled upwards.
“You Novak?” the man asked as he stepped under the shelter of the bus stop with Castiel.
He walked up the familiar staircase of the house that was almost like a second home to him. He paused in front of a solid wood door that hid the room that had become a safe haven to him. The first place that he’d finally felt understood, normal….cared for. He took a deep breath and twisted the knob.
“Chasing me?” Cas breathed. “You were chasing…” He brought a trembling hand up to Dean’s jaw and stroked a soft thumb over his cheek.
As their lips crashed together and sweet relief flooded in, Dean knew they'd be okay. Despite the pain and uncertainty of the last week, he finally had his alpha here to take care of him.
“We’re not quite sure…” The officer admitted.
Castiel shook his head. "It's fine. Can't really miss him since I never knew him."
So, at his wits end, he’d finally contacted Hannah and Ana, half hoping they’d scold him for being so silly and tell him that Cas had been back with them for days. Instead, Hannah had promised to be at the bunker within the day.
“It’s in the lab now, so by noon tomorrow we should know everything about him. What kind of shampoo he uses,“ Dean’s eyes landed on the Head and Shoulders behind him.
Above all this at the back half of the room, he could see an enclosed second story that was less crowded, but it wasn’t immediately obvious how to access that part of the club. It must be some kind of VIP area. There was one corner of the second story that was open to the main room, the DJ booth, where a short guy wearing giant headphones jumped around enthusiastically.
"Good boy. I hope you have a good night."
Dean laughed again. “A thirsty bitch?”
“Hey, yourself,” Dean replied, smiling hesitantly. “You, uh...you look very nice.”
,” and dammit if Cas’s knees didn’t go weak at that one, but Dean continued. “I left because… because I knew you were headed for big things, and I didn’t want to get in the way of that.”
So that’s what Cas had said.
Charles, their father, glanced down at his tablet. “Dean, the omega?”
“I’ve got you,” Castiel whispered. “I’ve got you.”
Castiel smirked up at him. "It's not really that hard to do. She'd never believe it if anyone did ever work up the balls to tell her that her precious little angel is less than perfect."
“Or I could just show you the real thing,“ Dean offered. Cas grinned and nodded. Dean stood and tore off his shirt, exposing acres of perfectly tanned skin.
“Who knows, maybe trash duty will be the one that sticks,” Dean muttered.
Castiel didn't let him finish as he slammed their mouths together, showing his enthusiastic, wholehearted support of the decision. When they pulled apart, he shook his head in disbelief.
. With this final goodbye, Cas had done more for Dean than he deserved. But even with that knowledge, the gaping hole that had torn itself into his chest remained.
Castiel stepped up to Dean and smiled lasciviously. “They are a bit tight, I'll give you that...but it's so worth it.” He pressed a brief kiss to Dean’s lips and sauntered toward the door.
“What happened?” he tried to ask, but his voice was nothing but a croak.
“What other one?” Meg called.
tucked back against my side, I pressed my lips against his temple.
Then there was Caleb with a firm handshake, then Kevin, who confirmed it had been his first arrest (but he loved that it had happened in Italy). Then Jo wrapped him in a hug, whispering her apology for the pain she’d caused.
“What?” he barked.
Dean smiled, his heart aching a little for Castiel. He nodded.
Uriel paused before pushing forward. “Castiel, you’re a great detective. One of the best I have. But remember what happened with the last 1077? The Bulgary job?”
“That’s good,” Cas admitted, somewhat inanely. He tried to ignore the fluttering of his heart when Dean smiled beautifully,
He let out a hoarse chuckle and jerked his chin to where Cas and Jacob had disappeared. “No, it’s done. He’s gotten over me, just like Gabe wanted.”
to spend it in St. Barts with his girlfriend Lillith’s family, but then she’d walked in on him and Ruby at Alfie’s party. Which meant the whole thing was off.
He arched an eyebrow at Castiel, who was staring at him over his shoulder.
Green eyes flashed through his mind. He felt a flutter in his chest. If he wasn't mistaken, this meant New Boy had found his way up to the abandoned bathroom.
“Call me Bobby, Son.” Bobby looked over, studied his face for a moment, then spoke somberly. “You know, we’ll need to fill his position. And from what I’ve heard, you’re the best we’ve got in the field right now. That’s a lot of first-hand experience to bring to the position, plus you’ve just pulled one of the most thoroughly investigated and planned busts in history.”
“Past seven, now.”
“If you’re not there at 3:17 on the
It’d been four months since Castiel had slipped away into deep cover, and for about the millionth time, Dean found himself thinking about him again. There’d been nothing, absolutely no contact since he’d landed in Eastern Europe.
Cas crossed his legs at the ankle, his entire pose nonchalant. He glanced down at his shoes before looking back up at Dean through his lashes. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Luci’s not the only one who can be scary.”
“Even now that the buildings are all destroyed?” Dean wondered.
“Something wrong?” Dean asked, his brow furrowing.
“The entire time, from our very first date, I wished that it could have been different, that I really
“Don’t you understand?” he whispered. “He deserves someone amazing, someone good. Not me. I’m just the ugly-stepbrother, don’t you see? Everyone who doesn’t hate me has forgotten me.”
“No,” the omega grumbled. “I’m napping.”
Cas grinned and reached up for a quick peck. “I think I’ll be pulling that outfit out a lot more.”
"Good morning," Castiel said, blushing.
"See ya tomorrow!" Dean called after him through the open window, and Castiel waved before running up to his front door and hurrying inside.
“Why?” Hester burst out.
“I’m gonna open the door,” Dean warned, then reached for the handle.
trouble.”
Castiel shot her a glare. Dean just reached beneath the table to lay his hand over Castiel's, pulling Castiel's gaze back to his. He winked, and Castiel's expression relaxed.
Castiel smiled softly and squeezed his hand. "Well, this was a pretty good start."
“Not the cat...the key.” She grinned manically. “And if I did shoot you, you know no one would do anything about it. They might even give me an award!”
Dean switched on the water.
“Fifteen minutes,” Brady promised.
He shut the door, pulling in a deep breath as he heaved himself up into the windowsill.
“Sure, whatever,” Brady muttered then screeched away into the rain that had picked up again.
Ana stopped walking and turned slowly to face the wall beside them. She pointed, and Sam swung his light up to illuminate the giant mural.
Still kneeling, still glowing, Cas turned toward him. His eyes held a kaleidoscope of swirling blues. “This is owed to me, to those omegas.”
And then there was no more talking as the team jumped into action. But even as they began to fight, Dean could sense there was something different, darker.
“Yes, you did.” Hannah squeezed his arm. “You don’t even realize the depth of your powers when it comes to him.”
His words seemed to tumble out slowly. “Was it... did one of them escape?”
When Sam next spoke, his voice was mischievous. “But you know, if you put half this much effort into connecting with your True—.”
The man’s eyes had gone distant, like he was remembering that particular chase, and Cas could see the exact instant that he remembered the moment that Cas spoke of. He’d grinned and winked at Cas as he’d rushed past.
Gordon's fist connected with his chin and Castiel fell, hitting his head against the toilet.
“Oh, Man!” Ash burst out with a laugh. “He’s mean as
Dean struggled to get himself tucked back in, but then Cas, laughing wickedly, shoved him out into the open, fly still undone, to face Brady.
speak past his tears.
Right then, Anna walked up with their plates, setting one down in front of Dean with a flirtatious smile, and the other down in front of Castiel with barely a glance.
"Same, please," Castiel said quietly, sliding his menu away.
Castiel froze. How the hell did she know? He’d been so careful; so very careful. Except for today, when Dean had finally visited him here...
As Dean and Benny took their seats at the table to wait for Crowley, he nodded one final time. “Good day to you,” he said in a heavily accented voice then turned to walk away.
“Your alpha is showing a little too much,” he warned softly.
Hannah found Dean just reaching the base of the mountain. His clone was nowhere to be found.
“I never do,” Gordon replied lowly.
“Look Brady,” Dean muttered, “my date’s going to be back any second, and I don’t need you ruining months of work just cause you’re a little too tipsy.” He pulled Brady’s glass from his hand and pointed toward the door. “Why don’t you and your lovely date Karla head on home now.”
Castiel paused.
With a sigh, Dean gave in. “Okay, but the first sign of trouble, we get the hell out of there.”
“What?!” His shocked cry resounded throughout the lecture hall.
Dean groaned as Castiel's tight heat enveloped him, and he bit his lip to distract himself from coming too soon.
Gabe sent this with a winky emoji.
"Your body's so sculpted," he breathed into Dean's mouth. "Like a marble statue." He pressed another wet kiss to Dean's lips. "How?"
But still he gave Cas supplies...
I looked down to find his big blue eyes staring up at me, so trusting and patient. Why was I suddenly so nervous to tell him? This was Cas,
Dean stepped up beside Cas and took his hand. He had to yell to be heard over the screams and chanting, “You beat Crowley, and all the rest of these nightmares. You survived! You’re here with me. Right here, right now, and you can do it again.”
“I’ll be right back,” Dean promised. “Maybe just...stay with the kids for a few?”
“Not even Crowley?”
“You heard me the other night! You’d hate me, and I—“
“Definitely,” Dean breathed in relief.
So when the cat started meowing plaintively, staring at him with its pleading eyes, Cas just offered a sad smile and shook his head.
"I'll take you home. But you should have known you couldn't drive this way."
And holy shit, when had this gotten so personal? This was supposed to be a fun romp in the hay, not an existential journey to the center of Castiel's soul.
Castiel disappeared after dinner, and at first Dean worried that he’d left without saying goodbye. But when he walked into the common room, he found Castiel floating by the tall windows, staring out at the city night. No one else was in the room, just him and Dean. For some reason that made Dean’s stomach pitch and his throat dry up. He couldn’t tell if that reaction was a good or a bad thing.
“Dean,” Sam’s expression was tense, guarded. “Everything go well?”
Charlie punched him in the arm.
"You fucked the principal?!" Dean cried. Castiel's brow furrowed.
Castiel tore his gaze away, blushing guiltily. “Right! We’re just in the middle of a walk-through, but—“
Dean realized why Castiel was so hesitant. Why he seemed to still hold part of himself away, protective and secret. It was simple self-preservation, preparation for later this evening when Dean would say, “Your family is awful; thanks, but no thanks.”
When they finally managed to get in the car, it still took them ten minutes to get out of the parking lot, and then they spent another twenty minutes on a quiet side street near Castiel's house.
"What do you want to do?"
That’s why he couldn’t allow her to win, not this time.
His grin was somehow both shy and confident, easygoing and tense; soft enough to draw Castiel in, sharp enough to warn him from getting too close.
“You were screaming, wouldn’t stop,” Garth explained.
Benny’s face must have done something that Dean didn’t catch, because Crowley chuckled and dropped his hand from Cas’s hair. “Don’t worry, she only speaks Russian.”
“I don’t know,” Dean mumbled. “I just...I can’t get him out of my head.”
When Brady pulled into the dark parking lot, it was only 3:14, so he had a few minutes to spare. He sat in his car, scrolling down Anna's TikTok, cause damn could that girl dance, until he heard the rumble of an engine. He looked up and squinted against the bright glare of the headlights. Whoever had been with Winchester during their call now sat in the passenger’s seat.
“Kidnap me?”
He took a moment to compose himself as those sharp, even steps moved closer. He could do this. He
Some nights, on the nights with the happy stories, the cat purred incessantly. On other nights, the nights when Cas whispered his heartbreak and secrets, it sat in absolute silence, as if listening intently to every low syllable.
Dean watched as Cas strode past the holding cells again, his head held high, his back ramrod straight. He didn’t even look into the cell as he passed.
“Where is the one who killed my son?” the woman on the pink cloud screeched.
graduation ceremony.
Dean smiled at him. “Sure.”
“Babe,” Dean soothed as he guided Cas inside, “I think they’re all still shocked that you gave me another chance.”
“And Dad...he couldn’t handle it. Drowned himself in the bottom of a bottle by the time I was ten.” He shrugged. “Ellen took us in.”
behind.
Dean glanced up at him and arched a brow. "With anyone else?" he echoed.
“It’s very painful for both ends.”
With a sigh, he pulled out his phone and shot off the quick text.
can’t do that.”
A small part of Dean, the same part that had wanted to take Castiel’s hand in the field, felt the urge to go check on him, but the rest of him overruled that as he jumped up and stumbled from the lab, practically running.
