"You could have a video conference," Sherlock said for the umpteenth time.
But of course Sherlock heard him. "You?" he rasped in disbelief. "Why should
"Keep it together, Sherlock," he reminded himself quietly. "He's not coming to you because you're some kind of mewling, devoted lap dog, but rather..." He broke off somewhat helplessly. It was still a mystery to him what exactly John saw in him. "Keep it together," he murmured again, squared his shoulders and stepped back from the window.
"You can come as hard and as often as you want," John explained in a friendly tone of voice that nevertheless allowed no room for argument. "But you will beg for mercy. Twice." He flicked his tongue across his upper lip and then continued: "And don't think you can fool me with some fake snivelling. I'll know if you're pretending," he threatened, noting Sherlock's shiver ... the sultry look from beneath half-lowered lids ... the plump, inviting lips ...
Jacques' eyes narrowed with ominous foreboding. "Chilled cucumber soup is not one of Mr Watson's favourites... he prefers tomato."
"Not that I wouldn't like to oblige you... but my wife will bite my head off if Sherlock doesn't get these flowers. She picked them out for him personally."
"Maybe more. It all depends on you. Now lick it all up, there's a good boy..."
Sherlock had already grasped John's hand, his smile almost bashful, but froze when he heard those words. He studied John's face attentively. When he didn't discover anything other than indulgent amusement without a trace of anger or irritation, his posture relaxed again and he released a sigh of surrender.
"Let's go," Jack proposed. "I've already got icicles on me nads. We can see the hole just as good from over there."
"No, Mike!" Sherlock cut him off. "You don't have to do anything. John is not to hear of this! He'll only go and do something rash, and then this sinister opponent will be forewarned. In the meantime, I'll put out some feelers."
Dave only gave him a quick, questioning look from the seat beside him, but Naresh - who was sitting in the front passenger seat next to Bridges - just had to turn around, his forehead creased. Naresh was sometimes such a mother hen.
He quickly took a sealed condom out of his trouser pocket, tore it open with his teeth, took out the thin latex shell and tossed the packaging carelessly on the bed. He unrolled the condom carefully and with precision over his stiff member, then felt blindly on the bed until his fingers found the tube of lubricant. He spread a generous portion on his erection, inhaling sharply through his teeth – the contrast of the cool gel on his hot skin was unexpected.
Depaz.
to say it. I bloody well love saying it!” The smirk disappeared from her face, however, when she looked up and saw Sherlock's sober expression, which really did worry her.
They monitor the mayor and can make suggestions. They also decide on the budget.
"I did shake a few hands, that's true... it was expected," Mycroft responded evasively.
Naresh and Dave murmured their thanks, both surprised and happy, and when Bridges stopped the car, they obediently got out.
She popped her head into the mayor's office, but Greg couldn't hear anything more than muffled murmurs. After a moment, Miss Morstan stood before him again, bearing the most wonderful words in the English language: "Mr Holmes is expecting you."
Sherlock was there, reclining in a luxurious bubble bath with his eyes closed. He didn't move even when John closed the door behind himself, shaking his head.
“He doesn't know yet,” John said as he stood.
“I want to buy him off Miss Adler.”
belonged to John.
Sherlock took a deep breath, his face displaying a sober expression. "I've angered you – and now... you're going to make things painful for me. Am I right?" Although he was speaking in a tentative manner, there was no fear in his voice – only calm acceptance, as if he'd been in exactly the same situation many times before.
Mycroft set his phone down on the desk with a long exhale. "Let me get my trousers..."
It was quiet.
"And that's really all this time?" John pressed.
"Bridges? Take us to
When he opened his eyes again some time later, the vaulted brick ceiling was still above him. It wasn't as if he believed in a heavenly paradise with clouds and angels, but he had imagined the afterlife would be a little different. And then John's face invaded his field of vision, and he started to suspect that something hadn't quite gone the way he'd intended. However, he didn't know yet whether that was good or bad. Then he abruptly became aware of the pain in his leg and he knew he was still alive. And that John was too.
"You're worse than Mike, you know that?" John said with a little laugh, in an attempt to lighten the mood. "He's also mother henning me... and Dave and Naresh are here too."
"You brought along that rather large torch..."
"Sherlock?!" he called out loud and clear. "I'm back..."
"So there's still someone working in the background," Sherlock interjected. "At least we have an answer to that question."
He looked up at Sherlock and said, slowly and clearly, "I love you."
Time was running out for the two of them, and for the second time in his life, John didn't know what to do. It was a hateful feeling this time as well.
"But how... why..." Mike stammered somewhat aimlessly.
John sat there in his chair, to all appearances completely calm and concentrated. How in the world could he just sit there? So distant, so unmoved? But then their eyes met, and Sherlock saw the heat in John's eyes. Sherlock's gaze wandered down John's body, and he took in the obvious bulge outlined inside his trousers.
John forgot to blink.
"All right... if I ever ... wanted to take the active role... would you let me? Without... bargaining? Without asking for anything in return?" Sherlock asked shyly, a faint pink colouring his cheeks.
"You didn't say I wasn't allowed to..." Sherlock replied, and John wondered for a moment why Sherlock was breathing so hard.
It also wasn't important to Sherlock whether John then dealt with Moran himself or allowed the law to do the dirty work. That decision was up to John, and John alone - he was the injured party, after all.
"No, it hasn't!" Kenneth protested.
"Yeah, Sherlock? What's up? Did something happen to John?"
"It's nuts..." Greg said softly, leaned his head back and blew cigarette smoke up toward the ceiling.
, which - for his taste and in his current situation - seemed a tad too melodramatic, almost depressing. Yet he felt his heartbeat adjust to the measured melody, slowing and settling down. He leaned back against his pillows and allowed his body to gradually relax - for the first time since that day at lunch.
"Where's the catch?" Sherlock pressed. "I can't believe you're just going to give up having this power over me. Just like that? For nothing more than a '
"No," Greg rejected the offer harshly. "I'm not going to be kept by you. I do still have my pride. Even if it's not worth much these days."
Sherlock let the matter rest, turning instead to a much more important topic.
Now too, he did Sherlock - and himself - the favour of leaning down to press his mouth against the silently offered lips.
"Do you
"Fine!" Sherlock hissed angrily. "See if I care!" His fingers left his stiff cock reluctantly, clawing into the sheets again instead. His entire body appeared to rebel against this treatment, to face it with defiance. Sherlock concentrated on his breathing in order to rein in his unbridled desire for satisfaction and regain control over his instincts. Slowly and gradually, the lustful urge receded a bit, and Sherlock began to breathe easier.
Sherlock whimpered, squirming on the sheets, begging for attention. But John didn’t touch him. He wanted an answer.
"I just could!" John yelled before saying in exasperation, "I have to get out of here."
When she joined Sherlock in her office several minutes later, Sherlock hissed angrily – without any further word of explanation - that that man had no right to touch him
"Let me worry about the money. I can afford it," John said stiffly, resting his arms on the table. "And as for disappointing me..." He paused, worrying his lip, before continuing: "I never thought I'd say this, and I'm probably going to regret it, but … just be yourself. And if you do, I guarantee you'll never disappoint me."
"Fine." She made as if to stand. "But don't forget to tell me if you change your mind and want to offer up that luscious arse as well. I know a few men who'd be willing to pay a pretty penny for it."
John was taken aback by how aggressive that little speech was, and he couldn't help letting it show.
Although his heart beat faster at the suggestion, Sherlock pretended not to be impressed. "John, don't tell me you've just tried to make a Christmas-themed sexual innuendo," he said in a pitying, derogatory tone of voice.
He opened his eyes and stared at the sliver of the moon visible through the window, as if seeking aid there. Why couldn't it at least be a full moon? Then he might have had an explanation for his behaviour. Not a very good one, admittedly, but at least it would be something! But the moon remained uncooperatively in its crescent form, refusing to provide John with an alibi.
"Yes," Sherlock breathed out, shivering with pleasure. The cool air touched every inch of his skin with a tingly, almost loving caress as he slowly bared it, offering himself up bit by bit to John's gaze.
. Not the other way round."
Translation by the most amazing SwissMiss!
"If you're going to shoot, then do it," Sherlock said with a composure that even he found to be surreal. "We'll see each other again in hell either way. What should I be afraid of?"
He inhaled and aimed at Moriarty's chest.
"Sherlock, I'm warning you!"
"What is it?" he asked, since John obviously expected him to, although the question came out sounding somewhat suspicious.
“Well what?” Sherlock echoed.
John's gaze became almost pleading. "I can't."
John remained where he was, sitting absolutely still. His only outward reaction was his lips pressing together into a thin line. He felt his heart beating cold and hard in his chest and for a moment he couldn't hear anything but the blood rushing through his veins.
"Your... brother?" John echoed, bewildered. "But I don't have anyone..." It was then that the other shoe dropped. John gasped. "
John wet his lips. Sherlock's body apparently didn't know what to do with the stimulus. It would do no good to flinch away; shivering and an increase in respiration would only ramp up the contradictory sensations being signalled in his brain. His muscles tensed as a result of his uncertainty, but just as John was about to intercede, a long sigh escaped Sherlock's throat, his eyes fell shut, and his muscles relaxed a bit, before he stretched and writhed in pleasure.
"I know," John said calmly, grinning fiendishly even though Sherlock couldn't see it. His own penis pressed and rubbed against Sherlock's back. He waited a few seconds, listening to Sherlock's laboured breathing, then released his hand. "Go on."
Three deeper, faster, harder thrusts. Then – stillness.
"Yes... please, John... help me... so that I don't... become disobedient..." Sherlock whispered in a voice that had slid down an entire octave and did unspeakable things to John's libido.
(I wanted to give Mycroft one of those really nice, old offices with lots of dark wood … but then I looked on the internet and that dream evaporated in a puff of smoke.)
“You see – and that's why a
Sherlock rolled his eyes behind their closed lids. Wonderful ... another pseudo-dom. But the ultra polite ones were almost worse. Always apologising and asking questions
"No," Mike replied hesitantly. "John's with him".
"Sebastian wasn't your husband..." he said, speaking his thoughts out loud.
… how Handel conceived the opening scene of Serse and, by means of the music, set the course for the subsequent development of the plot and the characterization of a war hero who spends his time in romantic pursuits rather than conquering other lands...]
Sherlock's fingers promptly shot out toward John's hand, caught him by the sleeve of his jacket, and plucked at the expensive material in a bashful gesture reminiscent of a small child.
"With excellent prices, I'd reckon," Greg sniped back.
follow it! What good is the best compass in the world if you don't use it?"
There were two ways he could go about that. It would have been easy for him to push Moriarty and put up so much of a fight that he would have no choice than to shoot Sherlock on the spot. But by that point, his antipathy toward Moriarty had become so great that he would rather have drowned himself in the shallow effluent of that dungeon than to die by the hand of either him or his henchwoman. Moriarty had already touched him more than enough. Sherlock didn't want to be despoiled any further by his bullet.
Albright was the only one who wasn't able to hold back from getting one last dig in.
A pleasant shiver rippled down his back as he came to the conclusion that they were probably no longer alive. John was a dangerous man. More dangerous than cocaine, and therefore more attractive to Sherlock.
Sherlock's face lit up at his words. "What are you waiting for?"
Although Jacques accepted the praise in the modest, genteel manner of a well-bred and well-paid servant, it was clear how much it meant to him.
A smile curled the corners of the mayor's lips, but Lestrade could tell it was just a cover that didn't reach his eyes.
It was disconcerting to be brought to climax in such a gentle, almost tender manner, especially as Sherlock had been convinced he would never (or barely) experience desire without dominance, without pain, and without a certain degree of humiliation... and most certainly that he would never achieve orgasm like that.
The submissive position served to excite John even further. His hands were like claws gripping Sherlock's hips, sure to leave finger-shaped bruises that would be visible for days on the pale skin. John tried to vary his angle of entry several times, but his attempts had yet to result in the desired effect.
He knew - without needing to check for himself - that Sherlock's penis was completely erect, and he wondered whether he was really going to be able to prevent Sherlock from reaching orgasm... but then Sherlock's knees began to tremble, and John rubbed a little more forcefully over that specific spot. He felt a gentle twitch, a slight pulsing around his fingers, and then he heard a tortured whimper.
“Don't...”
Sherlock sighed in defeat. “I was afraid of that. It's really not easy to distract you...”
"So your brother's alive," Greg remarked when Mycroft had done up the last button on his trousers.
John ran his tongue across his teeth. "Listen, the last time... when I said something like that to someone... it..." He shook his head again and fell silent. His therapist didn't say anything either. She simply waited. John also hated when she did that. It worked every time. "That was so long ago, I don't even remember when it was."
So why did he keep dreaming that he was being shot? It was usually John who shot him in those dreams, but sometimes Moriarty or Mary Moran took on the role. What was the problem? He'd asked John to shoot him, for goodness' sake! It had been entirely his idea. And John hadn't even done it willingly; he'd needed to be convinced first.
"Ah... it would draw too much attention?" John asked, baring his teeth in a grin.
*********************************************************
“I'm not going to leave without you,” John said calmly. “I bought you. You belong to me.”
Security cameras.
Sherlock didn't feel anything at first, but then so many contradictory sensations flooded him at once that he wasn't even able to take in air to scream. Obstinance and indignity, pain and pleasure, devotion and denial all complemented each other, combining to leave Sherlock in a feverish, breathless kind of ecstasy.
"Soon," John whispered in his ear. "You've almost made it. I'm so proud of you." The praise penetrated Sherlock's lust-fogged brain, releasing a soft, glowing sense of well-being inside him, one he could easily become addicted to. "Everything still okay?" John urged. "Or..."
Several years lay between the photograph John had received from Mycroft and the man who now stood before him in the flesh, but there was no doubt it was the same person. That flickering look in his eyes - not just a trick of the petroleum lamps - would stay with him for the rest of his life.
"Who's Aunt Doris?" John asked, surprised.
So... wish me luck and hit the download button. *smile*
This was for John.
"That wasn't Mr Watson," Jacques retorted bitterly. "That was HIM." His mouth twisted with contempt.
"My sister's son!" Albright hissed.
Mycroft's brain took longer than usual to make the connection between the words, the last few minutes, and Greg's suddenly cool attitude.
"John...no..." Sherlock protested weakly, but when John lifted him up in his arms, Sherlock wrapped his hands around John's neck as if seeking an anchor.
Greg fell silent again, staring at Mycroft in the darkness with both disbelief and annoyance. "All right, that's it," he snapped. "I'm calling the police."
"Your masochistic tendencies are probably more pronounced than you'd like to believe," Sherlock suggested impassively.
"John?"
“A little tight?” John asked. Sherlock nodded automatically, leading to an explosion of pain in his groin. With a hoarse cry, he let the rope between his teeth go, and arousal gained the upper hand.
"Oh, Inspector Lestrade, I thought you only wanted to drop something off for Mr Holmes..." She seemed uncertain. "I don't have you down for an appointment..."
"Because I... because I gave you my number specifically for that reason!" Mike burst out tiredly. "For emergencies."
"The entire staff live here?" Sherlock asked, dumbfounded, and widened his eyes at John.
"Open wide," John ordered, a little breathless. "Stick your tongue out and leave it out... until I say otherwise. Got it?"
"More..." he rasped a second time. Yes, he was mad. Mad for John. Mad for everything this man gave him. Pleasure, pain... it didn't matter... as long as it came from John, it was all bliss.
His last piece of tail had had to be eliminated a few weeks ago, as he hadn't understood when to open wide and when to keep his big mouth shut. The fucking slut had thought he could rat him out to the police. Too bad for him that most of London's officers were on John's payroll anyway, regardless of what it said in their contracts. The little cocksucker hadn't remembered how long the mob's arm was. And it was very long.
"There's a first time for everything," Sherlock remarked flatly.
John let him. He found the scent of Sherlock's hair tickling his cheek surprisingly soothing. Sherlock was actually pretty heavy and he was lying in a rather uncomfortable position on John's legs, but the warmth emanating from him felt good. John's hands absently caressed Sherlock's back, moving lower and lower until they reached his naked bottom (his pyjamas had ended up somewhere between his thighs and his knees) and finally felt in between his buttocks. John paused, surprised.
"Yeah."
themuller has baked a batch and made wonderful cover art for this story!
Sherlock hurried to comply with his wish, only to find that his fingers were unable to untie the knots in his laces. John had already fetched the Vaseline from the nightstand in the meantime, and turned back to him. Impatient, aggravated, and a little bit cowed by John's odd behaviour, Sherlock simply broke one shoelace off and tugged at the other shoe until he could get it off without undoing the laces. He stood up, pulled his trousers and pants down over his hips with one hand and let them both fall to the floor. His heart was pounding in a quick staccato, and he had to almost violently suppress the urge to cover his nakedness (or, more specifically: his half-hard erection) with his hands in shame.
Did John know … or had he even given specific instructions...
“You're... going to...” Sherlock blinked several times in succession.
"You don't think so?" Sherlock asked, his bitterness poorly veiled. "Then allow me to inform you that that is precisely Mycroft's preferred
"No!" Mycroft had already entered a number on his phone and held it to his ear. "I have to cancel my appearance. I just need to quickly let Miss Morstan know. She'll have to serve up some excuse or other to the organisers." He listened, then swore softly. "Why doesn't the woman answer her phone?!"
John's eyes widened in surprise. "Sherlock... are you sure?"
“So...” John drawled, enjoying Sherlock's bewilderment. “You want more?” Sherlock nodded with a hesitantly wary air. Oh, that was too amusing! “You're probably hoping I'm going to take both of us in hand at the same time?” He stroked Sherlock's erection harder and felt the slight, reflexive motions of the other man. “And I've no doubt you want me to jerk us both off until we come together?”
John moistened his upper lip. "Oh yes, I believe you can," he said in a cool voice, pulling back his coat and jacket just enough for the doorman to be able to see the shoulder holster and the gun riding in it.
Sherlock just waved it off, and Thomas grinned again. "I can't think of anything else... You know about the gym in the basement..."
"I had nothing to do with the catering!"
"Oh God..." Sherlock groaned.
John pinched the bridge of his nose between the thumb and forefinger of his free hand.
On the day of Dimmock's promotion, however, Greg received a strange call from Mycroft Holmes. Strange in that the mayor never spoke to him on the phone - their meetings were usually arranged by email.
Sherlock was quivering with tension and impatience. But he needed to endure, needed to wait for whatever John was going to do. When John placed his hand on the nape of Sherlock's neck, every fibre in his being yearned for his lover, and he offered his lips for a kiss with a sob of relief.
from that point forward, should they choose to continue them. Greg's demanding behaviour that night had thrown him off, and although it hadn't been an entirely unpleasant experience to carry out those kinds of instructions, Mycroft did rather tend to see himself in the role of the one giving the orders. That's what he was used to, and he wanted to keep it that way.
The result was quite satisfying. Sherlock gave a long, throaty moan and let his head fall back on the pillows. His legs spread, inviting.
caused the blood to pool in Sherlock's semi-erect cock, making it harder and harder until John was holding a thick erection in his hand.
John took a deep breath as well before speaking in a deliberately calm tone that Call-Me-Ella would have been proud of: "Sherlock. We've been all through this. I've explained it to you often enough now. I need to be there when the diamonds arrive. I need to be in Harwich when the ferry lands out of that Dutch backwater. I need to check out the place where we're going to temporarily store the delivery. I have to be there. We couldn't plan every little detail beforehand. You know that. You were there every time Mike and I discussed it. Once the operation's underway, we're probably going to have to improvise... think fast... stay a step ahead of the police and customs officials. I can't be entirely certain whether Moran got wind of it somehow and gave us away. Sherlock - this deal is too important. It has to work. It HAS to. If I come up with another flop here, then... my life won't be worth a brass penny." John reached for Sherlock's hand and squeezed it. Sherlock let him, if somewhat grudgingly. "And now stop pouting... I need you here in London. You need to hold down the fort and take care of bail and a lawyer if Mike and I get busted in Harwich," John said in a half-hearted attempt at humour.
But John wasn't paying attention to that. His entire focus was on the heavyset man tied to a chair in the middle of the room, his face bearing clear signs of having been beaten. The four mobsters who had caught him under Higgins' leadership stood in a circle around him. Higgins himself stood slightly to one side and nodded respectfully to John. All of them were armed and broad-shouldered, which only made Charlie look even more pathetic on his chair.
Sherlock groaned in distress, but leaned his body forward toward the bed and held himself up with his left hand as before, even as his right hand disappeared between his legs. John reared back and smacked him. Sherlock whimpered, but lifted his arse a bit more to present it for the next hit.
Out in the corridor, John's short, energetic steps sounded, and the dark cloud promptly disappeared from Sherlock's face. In its place there was a gentle glow, although Mike didn't notice it as he was already looking toward the door when John came in. John didn't see the light brightening Sherlock's countenance either, as Sherlock hid it as well as he could as soon as he caught sight of John. These feelings were too unfamiliar to him and he was too unsure of their ramifications, too uncertain as to how they would be received by John, and whether … Sherlock didn't even dare to hope for his love to be reciprocated now. Maybe... in time... if he could steal his way into John's heart bit by bit, make himself so indispensible that John could no longer imagine life without him.. then maybe... John might some day feel more for him than lust and a certain affection - which even Sherlock had to admit sometimes verged on tenderness. Since the previous day, Sherlock was firmly resolved not to give up hope.
Sherlock raised one eyebrow in query, but remained seated calmly behind John's desk.
"Because there's never been so much as a hint of corruption where you're concerned." Mycroft's eyes narrowed. "Men like you are too valuable to ignore. I need you."
"He's already paid you more than enough," Sherlock huffed. "If it were up to me, you wouldn't have received anything."
"Good evening, Mr Holmes."
“Sit,” John said without responding to Sherlock's remark.
And even if the word
"Protection?"
- time of sunrise and sunset on certain days
Greg bent over the screen so he could see the name. "Jim Moriarty," he read out.
"Fine - you can keep him, as far as I'm concerned. Under two conditions." Mycroft stepped away from the window and took a seat on the couch, making sure to straighten the crease of his trousers over his knees with great care.
"What're you yammering about all of a sudden?" Franco asked. "Sigerson's not the first floozy he had with him."
Sherlock felt himself blush. John had never kissed him on the forehead before in a situation like this. The praise felt good. A pleased smile appeared on his lips. He tried to gaze deeply into John's eyes, maybe to get a real kiss... but John's thoughts were already elsewhere, having moved on.
He knew that sexual favours shouldn't be equated with esteem and respect. But John had the sneaking suspicion that Sherlock had only ever given and never received, and that he'd apparently accepted that as the way of the world. John automatically tried to recall all the times he'd been with Sherlock over the past few months. Had he always just taken from Sherlock and never given him anything? How had he acted? Had he - without being aware of it and completely unintentionally - affirmed Sherlock's view of the world? John swallowed hard. He wasn't sure. He probably had. But there had also been moments when he'd seen astonishment, awe, and wonder in Sherlock's face when he'd looked at him. Were those the times when John had acted differently that Sherlock was used to? Were those the times when John had unwittingly done the right thing? Were those the times that
Sherlock gave him a deliberately naughty look. “You know... I kept playing with it … over and over... until I was just about to come. Then I stopped and waited until it got soft again... and then I rubbed it some more...”
"But I... I really can't any longer... John... JOHN... oh God... Joooohn!"
. Although it seemed that he was better at choosing his wardrobe than his repertoire when it came to him and his instrument. He shifted into Handel's '
Sherlock's eyes narrowed at that. "Why?" he asked suspiciously.
"All right. You do know that I can't resist a
For Sherlock, it was a revelation. A bonfire of ecstasy. He threw his eyes open, stared up at the ceiling, unseeing, and let out a throaty cry to accompany the rod's journey to the centre of his erection... deeper and deeper... when he couldn't feel any more movement, Sherlock sobbed.
Why had he let Mycroft turn him into a victim back then? It was a role he'd never wanted - he didn't even feel that he was on lesser footing with John... It had been a mistake to give in back then. He should have done something, tried anything! He shouldn't have just given up. He should have hired a solicitor and gone to court, fought the guardianship and exposed Mycroft's machinations. But he'd been spineless and run away and hidden. Even now, he couldn't bring himself to admit his lies to John and confess the truth. He had to face facts: he was a coward.
"Don't worry, sir. Just follow me at a safe distance," Greg said with a broad grin and made to put his helmet back on.
. John had always felt himself drawn to the double entendres in the text - at least they were in his opinion - and the urgent, almost sexual rhythm. Today as well, his thoughts slid onto a certain track, the same way his eyes slid appreciatively over Sherlock's supple body as he swayed to the beat of a music with an expression on his face that said he was oblivious to everything else around him.
By the way... for those of you who were wondering what Sherlock mouthed silently and constantly against John's skin in one of the earlier chapters... it was "I love you".
"Not a peep. Not during the whole drive. I've no idea what's going on in his head at the moment," Mike admitted, his face creased with worry.
With the aid of John's hands on his buttocks, Sherlock shuffled a bit closer. His knuckles brushed over John's stiff penis, and he sighed softly. Then Sherlock let go of his own cock and his fingers wrapped effortlessly around both of them in a loose hold. Both men were breathing heavily now. The warm, humid scent of arousal and sweat made its way into John's nose and mouth... surrounded him... swathed him in a cocoon of sensuality. His hips jerked forward automatically, and he heard Sherlock gasp for air. But his grip was still loose, nowhere near the firm friction John had hoped for. Could it be that...
“No, Mr Watson … I can't …” Irene actually intended to explain to John that there was nothing to buy out, as Sherlock didn't belong to anyone other than himself, but he didn't let her finish.
Without bothering himself with the sceptical looks directed his way, he leapt up from the couch, flinched a bit at his protesting muscles, tapped frantically at his phone and finally held it out to John with a stifled shout of joy:
protection?"
Sherlock swallowed hard, the happiness and warmth in his face giving way to a certain soberness. And all of a sudden he was exuding that surreal calm that still had the power to cast a spell over John.
Sherlock looked up into John's deep blue eyes with their huge, black pupils, and forgot everything else around him. The pulling and burning on his back and in his arse weren't important anymore. He spread his legs and ended up flinching. His skin had been stretched a little too much by the movement, and the pain flared up anew for a moment. Tears seeped out of the corners of his eyes, and he heard John curse hotly over him. Sherlock smiled slyly through the fading ache, and then pinched his own nipples until fresh tears ran down his cheeks and he was gasping for breath.
Two days later it was finally Wednesday.
plop-plop-plop
His appointment hadn't changed anything about the nature of their meetings. They exchanged conjectures and observations, and sometimes they had tea together. Once in a while Greg was directed to coordinate the security aspects of some larger events. A duty that set him new challenges and which, contrary to expectation, he even found fun.
"Oh, no need to mope over it," John declared with a patronising air. "I have something else I think you're going to like. What would you say if I mopped up the Chinese and Russians a bit? Maybe a lot? Then you'd only have to deal with me."
"That's..." Mike burst out, but John's hand stopped him once again.
Sherlock stood up, his expression stony, and left the room, hurrying down the stairs to the kitchen. His sudden appearance startled Mrs Turner and Eleanor, who were the only ones there.
“And what exactly am I supposed to give him?”
There it was again - the sensation of fighting smoke... the feeling of an unknown threat that had been dogging him for weeks now. The impression that he was wading through a treacherous swamp where every step might be his last.
"Will there be anything else, Mr Watson?" Jacques asked, but received only an absent shake of the head as his boss had already turned away from him in order to follow the sweet music.
"Here!" he cried out in relief, his expression lightening. "Here are the bills of lading..."
"That could be anyone," John declared with resignation. "That doesn't help us one whit. Damn... It looks like the police really are going to have to take this one on for once."
"My inquiries haven't made it that far," Mycroft admitted sourly. "It could be anyone."
Six months ago, the trail of a diamond smuggling ring had led them to that shop. It had been a clever coup. The diamonds had been rolled up inside cigars and smuggled through customs in that way. The shop's owner was innocent, but one of his employees now sat behind bars. The shop owner had been so grateful he'd gifted Sherlock with a big box of exquisite cigarillos, which had been received with eager surprise. Finally, a sensible gift, not like those cuff links or other superfluous junk!
"Oh yeah...?" John replied, drawing the words out and expertly prolonging Sherlock's torment with his next question: "Should I hit you there? Right smack on your greedy little...
John pressed a kiss into Sherlock's curls and stared out into the distance.
Sherlock's brow furrowed and he crossed his arms over his chest. "If he needs to be pushed... then I don't want him."
Each blow was like a burning kiss on his skin, and the pain tongued and licked across his trembling thighs, quaking with desire, crawled up his body and lit a fire in his belly that could only be quenched by John.
"Wait for me," his boss said once Bridges had brought the car to a complete standstill. "It won't take more than an hour." Then he got out and approached the building.
“He’d never wear something as poncy as ...” John protested. But then his gaze cleared and he spoke, more to himself than to Mike: “But ... I could... I could order a metal butt plug from my jeweller... have it gold-plated and engrave my monogram in the handle... I could use Sherlock’s favourite plug as a model...” He seemed to find the idea more and more appealing.
The words whispered, ran, flowed through his body and vibrated in unison with his heartbeat, and out of those four words arose five:
"Yes, what is it?" John asked curtly. "What time is it, anyway? And what the hell makes you think you can wake me on a Sunday without express instructions?"
Moriarty gave a short laugh. It rang through the stone hall. "You see, Sebastian was all ready with his people. Ready to switch out the urns. Imagine his surprise when another gang did exactly the same thing. As they weren't
"Poor dear," Irene cooed, fluttering her eyes coquettishly. "You misunderstand me. I don't want to be your
He let himself float along on that wave for a while, revelling one last time in the pain and the pleasure before the wave finally broke and shrouded everything in a blinding white light that threatened to suffocate him, and with one final shout he finally reached his climax - so long desired, so long postponed, held back so unbearably long - with a force that threatened to overwhelm him.
"Fuck me." The words fell promptly from between the full, red, wet lips.
John chuckled softly. "
"That doesn't matter."
Now Greg began to understand. "Is there something I should know?" he asked, his voice hard.
"I was busy with something that required my full attention. Any distraction or interruption could have had dire consequences."
Queen: „Love of my life“ -
"As long as we're clearing the air..." John began in a cooler voice. "Why didn't you tell me about those idiots making trouble on Bayswater Road?"
He nodded at the two men and stepped closer to the table.
Sherlock lay down on his back on top of the table, stretched his arms out over his head and grasped his lower arms with his hands. He bent his splayed knees and placed his feet flat on the floor. Fortunately, the table was just the right height for him to do so, and long enough that Sherlock fit on it more or less comfortably.
"I didn't forget," John replied cheerfully. "Mike - this is Sherlock. Sherlock - this is Mike Stamford. My oldest and most loyal friend, indispensible advisor and right-hand man. Oh - and straight," he added with a broad grin.
"Hey, a little more enthusiasm if you don't mind!"
John called Albright from the car to let him know that his nephew's killer had been found and made to pay. Albright didn't press on what the motive had been, which was fortunate because John didn't have a lie prepared that would sound plausible enough. He'd have to come up with something. For the moment, though, Albright seemed to be appeased, and John ended the call with mixed feelings.
"Irene?" Sherlock called out in astonishment and leapt up from his chair.
Time and space had lost all meaning for Sherlock.
It was only three hours since Irene, in a disgustingly good mood, had tossed him an enema kit in the hallway along with a room number and a time.
"All right," Sherlock said - a bit puzzled, a bit wistful, and a bit lost - and started up the stairs following a brief hesitation. It was all so clear to read in his face that John couldn't understand how Mike hadn't seen it.
"And now take off your clothes ... please," John said – politely, but with a fiendish grin that was feared more than a death sentence in certain circles.
Sherlock was so involved in his own thoughts … he didn't pay attention a moment too long... and that single moment was enough for John - who apparently had moved past that brief emotional phase as quickly as it had come - to wrestle Sherlock to the ground.
- what now?"
"Well?" he asked insistently.
Sherlock blinked. Mycroft's piercing gaze virtually seemed to be inviting him to make fun of him. But Sherlock was much too confused by the confirmation of his suspicion than to do Mycroft the favour. In Japan, koi fish were a symbol of friendship and … love. Sherlock knew that. And Mycroft must know it as well. Mycroft knew things like that. Had Mycroft been struck by Cupid's arrow? The notion was so outlandish, so foreign, that Sherlock had no idea what to do with it.
Greg ground his teeth. "That's why he never showed up in any reports under the name of Holmes. I get it." He rubbed the back of his neck and his throat with one hand. "Shit," he cursed under his breath and stuck another cigarette between his lips.
"WHEN?!" John suddenly screamed at him. "When were you planning on telling me he's your brother?! That the bloody mayor is your fucking BROTHER?!"
"Nothing..." John finally said, hating himself for it. "Wake me up if your arse hurts too much. I can put some more cream on it."
"If that's the way it is, then I have no idea why you're so upset about it. Everything's fine and the two of them deserve each other."
“I want to buy Sherlock from you.”
SwissMiss and I decided on this kind of biscuit because… well… At first I simply wrote “Ginger Cookies” but SwissMiss came up with the idea of “Ginger Nuts” and… it fits!
After what seemed like an eternity, Irene caught up to John Watson and his two escorts. Just as John indicated with a nod of his head to one of his companions that he should open the door to room eleven (or break it down, God forbid), she caught her breath enough to call his name.
"And why not?"
Sherlock smiled. It was wonderful not to be the only one who lost control in the presence of the other. But just as he was about to open his mouth wider to suck on the familiar hardness until John grabbed him by the hair and thrust deep into his throat... just then, John pulled his cock away.
"You'll find out soon enough," Moriarty said with inappropriate cheer. "Come to Finsbury Park. Use the side entrance at Hornsey Wood Tavern Gate and go straight on. You'll know when you're at the right place. Oh - and please do come alone. I can't emphasise that enough. I'd have to eliminate any uninvited guests and there's nothing I hate more than spilling blood unnecessarily. And if you're thinking of calling your bodyguards... Dave - who's just going in the door of his house in Notting Hill - or Naresh - who's driving north in his red Lexus - or Fred and Ginger - who..."
Shock and surprise – but also envy – registered on most of their faces, but Miss Adler was grinning like the cat who'd caught the canary when John stepped forward, wrote out a cheque, and handed it to her.
- Master
“Charming place you have here,” John remarked dryly before remembering just why he was here and ordering abruptly: “Pack your things. We're leaving.” The sooner he got Sherlock out of this pigsty, the better.
Sherlock allowed himself a bit of hope at those words and opened his eyes again. He could take anything, anything at all, as long as John didn't send him away! And that really didn't sound like sending away. He followed the instructions as quickly as he could, although he kept his head bowed.
"It wasn't your fault. You couldn't help it. I... was still... practically a child myself."
"Such a good boy," he praised him, taunting. "What a perfect little whore."
Their gazes met. In both pairs of eyes danced tiny flames, naked and dangerous.
"John?" the eager inquiry surged out of the speaker, and John's eyes fell shut at the sound of Sherlock's deep voice.
Sherlock nodded eagerly before remembering John couldn't see him. "Yes, John," he hurried to assure him. His breathing even sounded heavy to his own ears.
The man disappeared up the stairs with the first suitcase, leaving John and Sherlock alone once more.
Fate happened to be on Sherlock’s side for once as he glanced out a window on his way to the service wing and spotted Dave standing outside in the driveway, having a smoke.
"A stupid idea," Sherlock admitted, his cheeks tinged pink, and rubbed a hand over his face to wake up a bit more.
have done? Nothing. You might have had him arrested... maybe there would even have been enough for an indictment... and then? Prison? Don't make me laugh. The way things are now... an acquittal would have been much more likely." John listened, his expression grim. "Personal interests? YOU? Bullshit. Stop trying to sell me that crap. No - I don't trust the police any further than I could throw them... and especially not that Donovan. I'm taking things into my own hands. But if you say
who is the most awesome translator an author could wish for.
. Even as damn clever as he was.
Why was no one here? Why wasn't anyone waiting for him? He'd definitely heard something before... hadn't he? Where was the source of those sounds now? Disquiet spread through him and he wrapped both hands around his weapon. Spread his legs a bit more. Set himself up in a good position to shoot. His eyes twitched first to the left, then the right.
John's brow creased. "Yes, please …
"What
"Juice?" Mike asked. "Since when do you drink juice?"
Which brought Sherlock once again to the question of what exactly John saw in him … given how often his mouth ran away from his brain … or rather: how often his brain took his mouth hostage and sabotaged his self-preservation instinct.
Sherlock's pale eyes were watching him with so much naked hope that John felt like the biggest arse ever. But then he wasn't such a big arse as to frivolously ruin Sherlock's fantasy. He secretly wondered what Call-Me-Ella would say about it at their next session.
"Nothing," Mycroft answered evasively and not entirely truthfully. "I simply have a … let us say …
Sherlock pursed his lips thoughtfully.
"Hey... why's your willy still so limp?"
The words were ambiguous, but Sherlock nevertheless understood their intention.
"Relax," John told him, gently but firmly. "Don't forget to breathe... it will be easier if you press back against my finger a bit."
"To make London a better city," Mycroft answered without hesitating.
"No."
John turned to Naresh and attempted to stare a hole through him with his eyes. But Naresh just shook his head apologetically.
"Clever
"What else?" Mike answered good-naturedly. "You?"
"You didn't have to make him wait to clear on my account," Sherlock said instead. "I'm done."
"Yes," Sherlock replied with a questioning look.
Sherlock felt bereft, suddenly deprived of the loss of contact against his groin, and groaned softly. He pressed his forehead against the back of the couch.
An idea shot into John's head, and he smiled his most friendly – and at the same time most disturbing – smile.
There was no sarcasm to be heard in Sherlock's voice, and a gentle glow seeped into John's body, gathering in his groin.
"Ten days ago."
His penis harder and more swollen than it had been in a very long time.
Mycroft took a deep breath. A sharp, disapproving glare was directed at John.
He needed to get out of the house.
Mike stared, not quite knowing what to make of it.
Trust... How did one trust another person? He didn't know. How did Doc Watson do it? How had he managed to place his trust in Mycroft's brother... no,
John chewed on the inside of his cheek, both angry and taken aback at such insolence.
Sherlock understood at that moment that John might be the only one of them who bore a visible scar on his body. But in regards to unmentionable, invisible scars on the soul... that was something both of them had more than enough experience with.
John got lost in those eyes for several seconds. Then he rasped out, "All right," and opened his flies with shaky fingers.
When John finally directed his eyes away from Sherlock's nipples and toward where their hips were pressed together, he realised that it wouldn't take much more before Sherlock soiled his expensive trousers with the liquid proof of his desire.
When Sherlock finally addressed it one morning over breakfast, John was not completely surprised but nevertheless unprepared.
Sherlock laughed briefly. He didn't exactly sound amused. "Because he'd probably never tell me everything... either because he doesn't want me to worry, or..." There was that hesitation again, this time more distinct, more pronounced, and therefore - oddly - less suspicious. "Or because he doesn't want to expose to me how helpless he really is."
Translation by the talented SwissMiss!
"I thought you were at least a
He lay on his side and didn't rouse from his trance until he felt John's body behind him and John's fingers insinuating themselves between his legs. He listened to John's heavy breaths and heard a soft moan.
“Problem?” John asked coolly.
'Don't hold your breath,'
Sherlock decided not to overestimate the importance of what had just happened. Jacques was back - there would be coffee again... that was the only thing that interested him in all this.
"Better a bordello than a dull hotel room!" Sherlock hurled back at him angrily.
At this moment, Sherlock was in one of the brothel's most luxurious rooms, reserved for wealthy and important clients, pacing the floor like a caged panther. John was going to be there any moment.
"That's what I thought," he said, taunting, and spanked Sherlock's erection lightly with the paddle again, causing it to bend slightly from the impact. "But you're going to have to control yourself without those things today."
Sherlock looked up. He hadn't heard John come in. He was still in John's office (where he'd fled following John's departure) with the Italian correspondence in front of him. Although he'd been staring at the papers ever since he sat down at John's desk, he hadn't taken in a single word of it. The writing had only got as far as his retinas, while his brain was busy torturing Sherlock with nightmares and playing what-if games with him in ever more horrific variations. A never-ending parade of scenes that all started in the same way: the end of the blissful situation he found himself in with John. From there the images that played out before his mind's eye all went in different directions … each one worse than the one before.
"I didn't say anything of the sort. You drew your own conclusions from my words... and they were... wrong. I simply offered you the chance of seeing your Johnny again - and that was correct. You will see him alive again - if he finds the way to our rendezvous - which we assume he will, of course. But I don't think I'm giving anything away by telling you that your reunion won't last long."
"Mary, I said I didn't wish to be dist..." He fell silent when he saw that the intruder wasn't his secretary. "Inspector Lestrade."
"Nice try. But you're not that young. How old are you really?" He himself was thinking mid-twenties, maybe even older.
"Would you be so good as to remove your clothing now?" John asked, with a touch of frustration in his voice.
"And now the incident with the bomb..." Sherlock mused. "They can't all be coincidences. There must be a connection. Something they all have in common. If only we knew who sent Charlie..."
"Oh, you do?" Susan replied sharply. "And what are you going to do about it?"
They moved along slowly; even though Sherlock's wound had healed admirably, he still had a limp. He'd traded in the orthopaedic crutch for a fashionable walking stick whose silver handle flashed now and then in the light of the sun.
Sherlock looked down at his hard cock, undecided, then back at John, who just stood there waiting. With a faint sigh, Sherlock bowed his head, inserted his index and middle fingers between his lips, gave them a quick suck, pulled them out again and gave them one last lick with his tongue.
Sherlock returned the smile mechanically.
"Oh no..." Sherlock smiled thinly. "We won't need that."
"We'd be a lot faster if you'd finally get rid of that stupid crutch," John couldn't help remarking. Sherlock's limp bothered him, as well as a constant, needling reminder.
John squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, trying to push back and wrestle down the pain that had seized hold of his entire body. When he looked up again, Victor flinched away from him.
After Sherlock had drunk a glass of tap water and a bottle of mineral water and John had failed in his attempt to get him to eat anything - not even so much as a spoonful of soup or a slice of toast - John had fetched the first aid kit from the bathroom cabinet and started to examine him.
John gave him a look that was both heated and icy.
"Stop giving me what I need!" John cried, distressed.
"John? Don't stop... not now... I'm ... I'm
Quicker than Mike had thought possible, John had drawn his gun, closed the scant yards between them with a series of rapid steps, and pressed the barrel of his weapon against the underside of Mike's double chin. Mike didn't dare to so much as blink, much less breathe.
The dark silk wrapped around his head like a gentle breeze, robbing him of his sight. His heart rate increased almost immediately, and a wave of panic rolled through his brain. Hadn't he just thought it couldn't possibly get any worse? How could he have been so wrong? He turned his head from one side to the other with frantic motions. Where was John? Why couldn't he hear him?
"Haven't the foggiest notion. Don't care either. I have other things to worry about." Mike yawned again and went into the living room. He didn't pay any more attention to Sherlock. It wasn't until he'd ordered a huge breakfast for himself that he realised Sherlock had referred to the mayor as '
"Tsk tsk... in that case... you should probably beg me to help you hold out a little longer," John suggested with a smug grin. "Ask me to hurt you," he rumbled in a low, hoarse voice. "Ask me... to pull your pubic hair. And then we'll see if you still find pain so arousing. I'd wager not."
"Of course I don't like it!" John shot back, irritated, and took up a defensive position. He didn't know what reaction he'd expected Sherlock to have, but that certainly wasn't it. "It's ugly. It's disfiguring."
"I thought a little distraction couldn't hurt... not that this is over before you've fucked me."
Mycroft looked around. Greg's new flat was a shoddy, upmarket hole-in-the-wall. It was passably clean, the wallpaper hadn't been on the walls for more than ten years, and at least the tube didn't run directly past the bedroom window. The entryway was L-shaped with a tiny kitchen niche and opened directly onto the living-stroke-bedroom, which had another door leading out of it, allowing Mycroft to hope that Greg had his own bathroom and wasn't forced to use the public facilities in the hall. The few items of furniture displayed signs of use, but all in all it was all quite presentable. Still, the general atmosphere was forlorn and dreary.
"Incredible," Sherlock gasped.
"So that's why you went off like a Roman candle," John realised with a lecherous grin.
The blush in Sherlock's cheeks deepened. "I..." Sherlock began, but John didn't let him finish.
On one of those days, he'd just closed his eyes when he heard John's voice behind him.
Mike smirked. "Oh, nothing. Where is Sherlock anyway?"
Sherlock mused. Short of that, he was unlikely to budge.
Sherlock was used to being hit on his back, but the front side of his body had never been exposed to a whip or crop with the same frequency. In addition to the physical pain, there was the additional suspense and fear of knowing that the next blow could miss and end up hitting more sensitive parts of his body. Sherlock broke out in a cold sweat. He knew, of course, how skilled and accurate John was with the riding crop, but every move awakened primitive, very male fears in Sherlock, causing his muscles to tense even further. The relief when a blow landed on his chest or thigh - and nowhere else - blended with the cutting pain left by the riding crop's kiss and the stimulation from the plug until Sherlock didn't know whether he'd be happy when it was all over, or whether he'd curse John for ever stopping.
John sighed and let his shoulders droop before he turned back toward Mike. A lopsided, contrite and almost self-deprecating smile passed over his lips. "He went far beyond my expectations. He..." John shook his head. "I don't know if I have the words to describe him. He's an insufferable wanker."
The saucer remained clean. The amount of fluid was too minimal to be affected by the law of gravity.
(More pics? Click on the link!!!)
Then John took a deep breath, leant over, laid one hand on Sherlock's back, pulled back with the other, and bore down hard on the proffered flesh.
“As you like.” John took a deep breath and asked himself why it wasn't easier for him to say what he was about to. “I'd like you to tell me your safeword.”
John felt the telltale twitching and tensing of muscles in the body he held in his arms and called out, "Stop!" When Sherlock didn't immediately respond, John grabbed his wrist and yanked his fingers away from his swollen penis.
Again... don't get too excited. But here is another - additional - update. Because in the last chapter didn't happen anything new. Now have something with two flashbacks! And the question to the answer: "Why John stopped whistling?" *evilgrin*
John stroked the soft skin of his sac, encircled him gently with his fingers, and then, in one quick move, yanked down. Sherlock's shrill cry was like music to his ears, and the fresh stream of pre-come that flowed down unchecked onto the sheets was like ambrosia to his eyes.
"Thank you," Sherlock murmured and fell asleep. The past few nerve-wracking days had demanded their tribute.
"Fine," Mike agreed dully. Then he said, "Sherlock?"
Sherlock's gaze fogged over as he looked first at the ring then at John through half-lidded eyes. Then he said in a voice that had slipped down an entire octave: "Left or right?"
, Mr Holmes," John replied calmly, displaying a cold smile so as not to let his inner disquiet show. "I'm going to
John stood up abruptly. "I'll contact you," he managed to press out coldly from between his gritted teeth.
"You can scarcely imagine my relief," Mycroft rejoined acidly. "And now can we finally get down to business?"
In hindsight, the plan to speak to her in a darkened parking garage hadn't been very well thought out, given that Anthea wasn't especially skittish, and had additionally been equipped with pepper spray. He'd noticed during that incident how energetic she was, and that she was possessed of qualities and talents that were going completely unused in her job at the time - but which were (as he later became aware) wonderful prerequisites for filling the position as his secretary. He didn't have any qualms that she might double-cross him the way she had Doc Watson. He paid her too well for that, and she obviously enjoyed the power and prestige that went with her new job. Plus, it had enabled him to pull one more over on Doc Watson.
Sherlock dropped his shoulders in disappointment, but accepted the fact that he was only wanted as a brainstormer at the moment.
didn't come up for the rest of the meeting.
. Reminds me more of a swollen clitoris. Is this what you have, hm? An over eager clit? What shall we call it? What shall we call your tiny nub, hm? Man-clit? Clit-cock? Peen-clit? I think we'll stay with man-clit. I like the sound of it.
"Because those perverted little games are a source of endless pleasure to me," Sherlock explained indulgently. "And because perhaps, some day, he might return my love." Sherlock leaned back against his pillows.
," Sherlock pointed out as a means of making it clear he was unwilling to answer Mycroft's question regarding his motivations.
"Did Glendale give you any more trouble?" he inquired, deliberately not pursuing her remark.
John's burning gaze focused on him, yet all of Sherlock's attention was on the hard, painfully throbbing shaft. John bit down on his lips and his entire body tensed. The throbbing in his groin slowed but became more intense.
"Hire Jacques back," Sherlock demanded without mincing words. "Immediately," he added to underscore how serious he was.
John took all of Sherlock's crabbiness in stride and without comment, and went ahead applying creams to bruises, dabbing antiseptic tinctures onto wounds and sticking plasters over open cuts. When he discovered a particularly ugly welt on Sherlock's back, he was so wrapped up in his caretaking that he found himself leaning forward to kiss the wound and blow on it.
"You've just mentioned an interesting topic," Mycroft resumed their conversation once he'd sat down in his chair again. "Organised crime."
Mycroft pushed Greg away.
"Sometimes," Sherlock answered. "Sometimes it's quite...
"No, it isn't," Sherlock contradicted him dully.
wasn't just an empty promise. When John buried his fingers in Sherlock's hair and held fast, Sherlock plucked up his courage - how different could this be to his previous experiences?
When John Watson and Mycroft Holmes sat across from each other the next day in the usual house, on their usual couches, they both rather quickly laid their cards on the table, forgoing most of the usual chit-chat, and exchanged what information they had.
“Martial arts...” Mike echoed, his voice toneless.
Mike reached for his mobile, his face contorted with pain, and accepted the call.
Sherlock pulled away, breathing hard. He rested his forehead against John's and asked, "What else do you have there in your breast pocket?"
"Sherlock..." John warned, but Sherlock ignored him.
John teased Sherlock a little more by angling his hand from time to time such that Sherlock couldn't reach his knuckles, but when Sherlock buried his head in the corner of John's neck and did nothing but whine with unfulfilled desire, he gave in. Although the tortured whimpers were music to his ears, he didn't want to be unnecessarily cruel. His own arousal had reached the point where everything in him was screaming for release.
Sherlock kept talking, but John didn't register anything more than a dull buzz.
"If there had been any point, I would undoubtedly have done so," Sherlock declared. "This way, however... I've just soiled your desk. I do hope that letter wasn't very important," he concluded with fake regret.
"They're civil to me," Sherlock broke in tonelessly. His hands had ceased massaging and now rested motionlessly on John's hips.
Without giving it much thought, John slapped him hard on his backside. Sherlock moaned with pleasure.
"It appears that you've finally learned to temper your tongue when dealing with clients," Irene couldn't help but remark. Guests had complained all too often about Sherlock's sharp tongue, and those jeers – all but asking for disrespect from his customers - had been the cause of vengeful acts directed at him just as often. He'd always taken it all without complaint, however, never denouncing a client or refusing another appointment with the person in question.
“It’s got nothing to do with you,” Sherlock said, folding the newspaper neatly before laying it on the table and giving John a piercing look over the kippers.
Original post:
"I’ve made a point of keeping a close eye on your career since our first meeting," Mycroft declared with a tight, somewhat patronising smile.
A few days after John Watson's last visit, Irene knocked on Sherlock's door.
"Yes. He did," he returned with as little emotion and as much self-assurance as he could. Secretly, however, he hoped Mycroft wouldn't see through his bluff.
"What have I done?" John repeated, apparently not having heard a word of what Sherlock said.
"And especially not to Crieff!" Sherlock cried. "If you were at least flying to Edinburgh..."
But it wasn't until he felt John's warm lips on the back of his neck, and John adjusted his half-hard penis into a more comfortable position so that it was resting against Sherlock's back, a gentle pressure there - it wasn't until then that he relaxed and melted back into the close embrace, as John ran some more hot water into the tub.
And once they got to that point, would John let himself be slowed down by preparations, such as lubricant? Or would he try to penetrate Sherlock dry, the way he had that one time his overheated temper had won the upper hand?
"I didn't..."
While Sherlock showed the two men the invoices and receipts and explained where the manipulations and deceptions were, he kept glancing worriedly at John's face. Disconcertingly, he couldn't read anything there. The only signal was a long, deep furrow - boding nothing good - that remained embedded between his eyebrows the entire time. Still, John listened carefully and attentively to Sherlock's explanations, interrupting only when he needed something clarified, and even bickered a bit with Mike over whether anyone could be trusted anymore.
"Not until..." John repeated in an inquisitive tone, prompting Sherlock with a look.
Sherlock looked up from the book he’d been listlessly leafing through. “You shouldn’t talk about your friend that way,” he reprimanded Mike mildly.
"You'd go to prison... for
Despite his misgivings, John didn't need to be asked twice. He wrapped his fingers around Sherlock's throbbing shaft.
- ferry connections between England and Holland
"I want to know everything about the trouble John's having," Sherlock explained, unimpressed.
The air was stuffy and stale. It smelled like soil and bricks, mould and neglect.
John swallowed thickly.
"I..." John began, licking his lips in a very promising manner. "… have something to take care of first. In the meantime... as soon as you get home, you're going to undress, put the leather cuffs on your wrists and ankles... attach the spreader bar to the ankle cuffs, and then you're going to wait for me. In the living room. On your knees," he growled in a sinful voice, his expression perfectly innocent.
"Fairy tales? In German and Italian?" Astonishment and enthusiasm coloured Sherlock's voice as he took down both volumes from the shelf and paged through them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "There's nothing to make up for," he maintained.
Translation - as always - by the amazing SwissMiss!!!
His mobile buzzed. A text message. He glanced at the screen, opened the message, and stuck his phone back into his trouser pocket with a sigh. His wife wouldn't be home again tonight. Supposedly going to a girl friend's house. Lestrade laughed bitterly. A girl friend! Her newest
"But you are coming back?" she pressed doggedly.
. Lestrade back on active duty then?"
"Several reasons." Mike returned Sherlock's gaze soberly. The next words took more courage than he'd thought they would. "You're a good guy, Sherlock. You work hard and you've always been loyal. And you deserve for him to treat you decently in return. Just because you're dependent on him at the moment doesn't mean that you have to let him do whatever he wants with you. And that's why I'd stand by you, even against John. So if there's anything... you can come to me. That's the first point. The second one is that I... no matter what John's done or will do in future... I won't let any of it come before a court. If you need help, Sherlock, I'll help you - even against John - but I'll make sure you don't drag him in front of a court."
Sherlock hated himself for being so weak and giving in to temptation – even though he knew that this was, in all probability, going to end in disaster.
"Don't talk so much!" John told him gruffly. "Just start!"
"One does presume," John acknowledged with a cold smile.
Sherlock was here. Sherlock was alive. Sherlock was unharmed.
Wet circles around the crown … the rustle of the heavy silk against his skin … the first drops … Sherlock's throaty groan … the perfect hardness between his legs, which he hadn't even noticed happening … then, finally … the warm, wet mouth … tight … sucking … the movement … up and down … up and down … nothing but mouth and tongue and lips … hands on his hips … gentle … gentle pressure … gentle pressure everywhere … gentle sucking … the red lips stretched around his erection … the taut, hollow cheeks … the eyes opening … the cloudy gaze … half-lidded eyes … fluttering … closing … gentle, so gentle … a moan … then the familiar pressure … the need for more...
“John?” Sherlock asked. He had a bad feeling. “What is it?”
The household staff circulated in their own microcosm and were generally quite particular about defending it. At least he was more familiar with the people he would be dealing with now. That justified his faux pas, at least in his eyes.
he pleaded silently.
Sherlock's entire body trembled. He knew it wouldn't take long for him to climax like this. The pain in his chest and testicles wasn't forgotten, but it only served to encourage his lust. At the same time, he knew – if he tilted his head forward to watch as John... Sherlock moaned … as John sucked on his penis... Sherlock's teeth clenched down harder on the ropes … the pull on his testicles would be so great that it would put an end to any hint of an orgasm.
Another groan against his shoulder, a twist of the fingers in his arse... goose pimples.
Now Sherlock lay on the cold ground, completely exhausted and gasping for breath. John spread his coat over him again. It wasn't good for him to remain lying there in the cold, but Sherlock needed a short rest.
"All right, Sherlock," John said and straightened up. "One last question. What do you want now: the cigar or my dick?"
"Get yourself killed. You would!" Mike retorted loudly, but it sounded more than half resigned.
"I assure you I'm on the edge of my seat," Mycroft remarked with such slick self-assuredness that John almost lost it right there.
Irene hadn't expected that. “A favour? For me?” She quickly got her surprise under control. “You're too good to me,
But Greg... Greg had made it clear that he wasn't susceptible to blackmail. Greg was... a man of integrity. Would he be able to trust Greg? And if so - did he even want to? Did he want to put himself in such a vulnerable situation?
"More..." Sherlock moaned. No sooner had he spoken the word than a shudder ran through his body. Had he gone mad? Had he really just begged for
Two days later, John and Mike were out making further preparations for the upcoming diamond smuggling operation. No sooner had they left than Jacques arrived and resumed his duties.
With this epilogue we will come full circle... we started with Violet Sigerson's death and now... well... you will see.
Afterwards, Sherlock wouldn't have been able to say how Jacques' cooking tasted. The effect John's kisses had on him overshadowed everything else.
"I just have to... lube or Vaseline..." John whispered, his voice rough, and felt Sherlock's smile against his cheek.
John raised an eyebrow. “So what if she did?” he retorted. “The fact is, she let you go and I don't understand why you aren't already packing your bags!”
"John,
At the moment when their cocks met for the first time, both men gasped for air. Sherlock was louder and more uninhibited, John quieter and more tentative. The feeling of skin against naked skin was equally intense for both, however. The slide of the soft, malleable skin over the hot, hard flesh underneath... the pull and give of the foreskin... the dry friction... the electric tingle when their glans stuck together, resisting the forward motion for a moment that was almost painful, followed by the erotic relief when a bead of pre-come supplied enough moisture to make the friction more pleasant again.
John's bodyguards had brought Moran into the living room, where they now stood surrounding him, each with a gun in his hand. The weapons were aimed at the floor, not Moran, but they still represented a subliminal threat. John had barely entered the room when he was met by Moran's cool, calculating gaze, which turned into something meant to express bewilderment just moments later. John caught the change, however, putting his suspicions on high alert.
John nodded. "Non-prescription?" he asked, tapping the glass.
“John... I'm...”
"No," John affirmed and looked up at Mycroft with an expression of amused interest.
- dammit
“Bearable,” Sherlock answered following a moment’s consideration.
John appeared to consider that for a moment.
“Good,” John concluded. “I'll … ring.”
"What? Where?"
The worst part was that both scenarios were equally plausible.
John unfolded his hands, showing his annoyance and disbelief with the gesture. “Why does everyone automatically think I'm talking about murder whenever I...” He took a deep breath. “I simply want to propose a business deal.”
John's face looked like it was carved out of stone. His jaw muscles bulged and he looked extremely displeased.
"On the bookcase. Behind the commentary on the German narcotics code. I thought we'd probably need some in here eventually."
"Oh, that's good!" Mike cried in indignation. "That's a good one! Because he wouldn't let me! If it had been up to me, this door would have been broken down three hours ago. But no..."
"No other way in," Mycroft confirmed. "At least not that I know of."
"Then I can only hope that reality lives up to your fantasies. I would feel terrible if I were to disappoint you."
"A man?" John cut in. "Who?"
Greg's lips parted as if in slow motion. "Okay... get dressed. I think this is going to be a long story after all."
," Sherlock whined.
"Ah-ah-ah," John cut off his indignant speech. "Did you kiss me or not?"
Another, less pleasant thought accompanied these insights... was it possible that Sherlock wasn't quite as devoted to John as Mike had thought? Was he nothing more than a gold digger when all was said and done? A calculating callboy? A snake in the grass? Could he have been so wrong in his estimation of Sherlock?
It was mind blowing. The fact that he could please Sherlock like this, get him into such a place where he was more concerned with the demands of his body, with getting off, than he was with anything else... John had to tug on his own balls at that thought to keep from losing control of himself and ravishing Sherlock on the spot.
"And what's that?" he asked with such obvious nonchalance that John wasn't fooled for a second.
"You want revenge for your brother?" It was more a statement than a question.
I'm afraid of." He took an audible breath. "No matter who it is behind this entire fucking mess, he's doing a damn good job."
"Will you still be here?" Mycroft finally asked.
Silence fell over the two men following Sherlock's last remark. Sherlock was apparently waiting for a response from John, but John wasn't willing to give him one.
But as soon as he was completely free, everything happened very fast. Before John realised what was going on, his arms were being twisted back painfully, his fingers gripped in a crushing hold, and everything flipped over.
“Here,” Mike echoed flatly. Then he shook his head and yelled, “You can't bring a hooker into this house!”
Suddenly, a blow landed on his face, and Sherlock gasped for breath in shock. The black spots and the peculiar lightness disappeared as rapidly as they'd come. He returned to his senses and smelled sweat, saw John's face over him, felt the pain in his cheek and arse, and that wonderful pressure deep inside him.
A shudder ran through the highly desirable body laid out before him ... completely defenceless and at his mercy. A desire to see those plump, red lips contorted in a scream flared up briefly in John. But he didn't feed that fire, and didn't even really have a very strong longing for it at the moment. Oddly enough, the sight of those thighs, trembling slightly, was plenty, and he spent a few minutes stroking Sherlock's balls and the soft, tender skin of his perineum. Sherlock shivered several times in the course of John's caresses, until he arched unambiguously into the touch. But it wasn't in the usual shameless manner that John was used to from all the other men he'd ever had stretched out beneath him. It was a more hesitant, almost shy motion of his hips ... demanding and uncertain at the same time.
Moriarty sighed in annoyance. "Is that so hard to understand? Sebastian is dead. I want revenge... and I want to have your organisation. It's inconvenient that Sebastian can't play the boss for me anymore, but that just means I'll have to do it myself. And in order for that to happen... you need to die, unfortunately. So... if you would
"No. At least... not yet," Sherlock confirmed. He had to turn away from John, had to get his emotions and his face under control again. Why did it take so much out of him to keep his voice from sounding so choked and heavy with tears? "I... I don't trust Mycroft. He's sure to be planning something."
"Business or pleasure?" he asked flatly.
"I wish you an extremely exciting evening, Doctor," Miss Adler said, and walked away, humming a little tune to herself.
"Of course," Sherlock said after brief reflection. He'd been hit in the face many times. He recalled fleetingly the last time Irene had slapped him when he'd thrown a tantrum because he'd thought his client wanted to get into his arse … that had been so long ago now … He hadn't really felt the impact strongly that time. Even though Irene's punch packed more than enough power, he'd been too angry and upset to feel the pain. On the other hand, he'd never received a slap like this before … in cold blood and meant as a punishment. An uneasy prickling sensation spread through his abdomen.
John turned around.
(More beds? Click on the link!)
"I wasn't finished yet," Mycroft commented with a hint of indignation.
"But..." John objected, bewildered.
"You're not circumcised," Sherlock noted in a neutral tone.
Mike groaned.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was of a different opinion. Her supposedly caring behaviour irritated him like a scratchy tag in a new shirt. He knew exactly what she aimed to achieve with the forced rest periods... on the one hand, she was giving Sherlock a day to recover, which he did need once in a while, as John demanded quite a lot of him both physically and mentally, even if Sherlock enjoyed every single second of those experiences. On the other hand, she wanted to avoid John finding any marks on Sherlock's body that might have been caused by other guests.
"Sorry, boss," he said. "But Mr Stamford would have my head if I gave you my piece."
. Third: all of Mr Sigerson’s wishes, instructions, and orders will be fulfilled immediately. You will not double-check with Mr Watson or seek any other confirmation. If Mr Sigerson wants to have the entry hall painted pink, you will do nothing more than ask ‘
Sherlock understood. It would be like being on a seesaw. A seesaw of arousal and pain. If he bent his head forward, he'd relieve his nipples but intensify the pain in his testicles. If he leaned his head back … the mere thought made his knees to weak, and he felt his erection stiffen just a little bit more.
"Mycroft," Sherlock clarified. "Where does he live? Does he have a house? A flat?"
"Yes, John," Sherlock said right away, as he always did when John told him to do something. Mike knew that by now. Sherlock put his pen down and stood up with nothing more than an inquisitive look flashing briefly over his face. John - as Mike knew all too well - usually rang for his house staff when he wanted something. He never sent anyone to the kitchen to let them know what he wanted. Mike frowned. That could only mean that John wanted Sherlock out of the way for the time being. But the reason for that was a mystery to Mike. Ever since Sherlock started working with them, there were hardly any secrets anymore. At least none that had to do with business.
John raised his eyebrows. "Which fuckjob in particular?" he inquired with exaggerated politeness. "I'm afraid you're going to have to be more precise."
"You're a fast learner," John acknowledged, licking his lips. "All right. I think we can indulge you." He pressed a button on his watch. "You have three minutes."
"That's not bad... you can go a bit deeper... just remember: keep it slow," John whispered with an oily grin. "And don't stop until you feel my hair tickling your bum. Got it?" John waited for the jerky nod, which apparently cost Sherlock a great deal of effort. His grin widened. "If you can do that just like a good boy, your reward will be me fucking you into the mattress until you can't see straight."
"Sherlock, it's fine," he finally said.
your innocence - that's all I ever did, was use
Mike shook his head in regret. "It's just someone saying,
“You smoke?” was the first thing it occurred to John to say.
His ankles were likewise bound with leather cuffs, although these were attached to a spreader bar. The pulling and pricking in his scrotum came from a thick rubber covering – otherwise known as a parachute – that John had snapped into place around his testicles, surrounding them just like a little cloak. Three chains were attached to the parachute, and the rope, which John had tied to the chains, ensured that Sherlock's testicles were pulled back between his thighs. The rope itself ran up Sherlock's back and over his right shoulder so he could hold the knotted end between his teeth.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. He already had more than enough suits, and nowadays he hated being touched by strange men... by any man who wasn't John, in fact.
It wasn't unusual for tobacconists to carry alcohol as well. Most of them only sold whisky, however. There were very few who also included rum in their offerings. A street map of London unfolded in Sherlock's mind. He calculated the time that had passed since John had left Scotland Yard until the moment he'd entered their home a few minutes ago. He included the use of both the subway and a taxi in his calculations, and was thus able to narrow it down to a specific area on his imaginary map. There were only three tobacco shops in that part of the city that were still in the running. It could well be any of them, in theory. But one in particular stood out.
Sherlock followed John’s gaze and the look in his eyes went furious. “You really want to know then, yeah?!” he hissed, annoyed. “It’s a 'Guiche', in my perineum. Are you happy now? Yes? Brilliant! Now you can add sexual perversion to the freak-list, too.”
What else?
That made things much easier. Only the French overseas territories were left.
*********************************************************
"Go," she told the driver before turning to Sherlock. "If I might have your phone and any weapons?"
"One of us," Kenneth admitted, his eyes burning and his cheeks pale. "Me." He swallowed. "But it wasn't me," he said softly. "Someone's trying to set me up. Someone wants me to take the fall!"
? Just so you don't have to..." He broke off for a moment before continuing: "You could come back home, Sherlock."
The door opened suddenly, and Mike came in, his eyes betraying his fatigue and the lines around his mouth bearing testimony to his anger.
The suit's blue material was so dark that it looked almost black, depending on the lighting. The shirt John was wearing with it today wasn't white as it had been the last time he'd worn this suit, but rather of the palest blue. The combined effect of the two shades of blue really brought out John's eyes. The top button of his shirt was undone, and the tiny section of skin that was visible made Sherlock's pulse accelerate in an unheard of manner. It must be the contrast: the elegant, proper suit with the gleaming black shoes on the one hand and the open shirt collar (and everything that implied) on the other... it had always been the oppositions in John that Sherlock found so distinctive... so attractive... so interesting... so fascinating... so challenging... and... so arousing.
"He won't have agreed to it at his regular price, I assume," Albright interjected, somewhat pedantically.
"I've survived worse."
Oh, how John would have loved to descend on those delicate, defenceless buds. He would bite them, knead them, pluck them and stretch them, lick them and abuse them with his fingernails until they were damp and swollen and incredibly sensitive ... but he deliberately left it at gentle, tender touches. Although Sherlock probably would have enjoyed such treatment immensely, John had promised himself he was going to make Sherlock lose his mind through pleasure alone, not through pain ... even if the two clearly went hand in hand with Sherlock.
"No problem, sir," Thomas answered. "I think I can get it for you by tomorrow evening."
It shouldn't be a problem for him to pick up that box with its contents, take it downstairs, and toss it in the bin. But he couldn't bring himself to do it. That violin had meant too much to him... he'd placed too many hopes in it... there were too many memories wrapped up in it... but too much pain as well.
Sherlock stood, still wearing the sheet and with his heart beating wildly, in front of the door that concealed John and Mycroft. His fingers and lips felt numb. Small grey spots danced before his eyes. What was being discussed behind this door? He had to know! He would probably end up making everything worse - like always - but the uncertainty lay on his chest like a stone, and made it impossible for him to breathe freely. Still, he tried. After the third half-hearted effort at gasping for air, the grey spots disappeared, which was something at least. He clenched his teeth together resolutely. He took it as a good sign that John hadn't sent for him yet. It was therefore unlikely (but not entirely out of the question, unfortunately, he reminded himself) that Mycroft was going to demand he come back. '
"Black, two sugars," Sherlock replied.
"No, that's true." John went to the door, but turned back to Mycroft before he got there. "There's one thing I'm dying to know, though - how the hell did you win that election? It shouldn't have happened. I paid off everyone who's anyone, greased palms, handed out bribes..."
"Barbie... my patience is all used up," John threatened icily, crossing his legs and laying his hands in his lap. It wasn't necessary to emphasise his words with gestures. His expensive suit, his relaxed posture and his stern expression spoke volumes. "If I don't see the most recent invoices and all the associated paperwork on this table in about two seconds..."
John's praise. John's satisfaction.
The cock ring. Sherlock watched John go, his mouth agape, and rushed to correct his earlier assessment. Today might just be his lucky day after all.
"I- I'm a married man!" Greg stammered, but didn't move away when Mycroft took a step closer to him.
To his surprise, Susan hemmed and hawed a bit. "Well... it was like this... Mike..."
The next morning, John and Sherlock were already at work in the office when Mike came in. Sherlock was sitting at the desk with John standing next to him, reading over his shoulder as he typed away at the keyboard of a laptop computer.
"Forget it!" John turned him down. "And split your lip again?"
“Well... If you just wanted to squeeze in a quickie...” Mike replied with a grin, but didn't complete the sentence once he saw that John's barometer was signalling a
For the picture of the kiss I used a photomanip… you can find the original here:
Anthea took a step back and dropped her head; there would be no further objections from her. Jacques, however, didn’t quite seem to have understood yet.
"Fine," Mike sighed. "But why didn't you put on another black suit? You have more than one - I know that for a fact."
The nameplate on the door proclaimed that the office belonged to an import and export company. In actual fact, one of the many local headquarters of the mob was stationed behind it. This was the Lambeth office where both legal front business and illegal dealings were handled. The sale and distribution of controlled substances made up a large portion of it. In fact, Lambeth handled the lion's share of the drug trade compared to the other London branch offices. This was mainly due to the fact that the front company specialised in pharmaceuticals, which enabled any illegal substances to be smuggled in and out along with the legal goods. It was a profitable and virtually risk-free business. Until today.
John had never committed any offence against him that was as bad as Sherlock picking that lock. John had kept every single one of his promises, had respected every condition and wish Sherlock had ever expressed. Well - John had sometimes left himself some room for interpretation … but he'd never misused Sherlock's trust the way Sherlock had just done. Sherlock knew that, and he felt miserable about it.
“What about me?! Haven't you forgotten something?”
A smile slowly spread across John's face. Then he got up from his chair and crouched down between Sherlock's thighs again.
“Maybe later,” John offered. “We're not done talking.”
My husband says "THANK YOU" for all the lovely wishes and comments directed to him. He even blushed a little as I read each and every one out loud. You made the plot bunny breeder very happy.
John bent over to take his shoes off, and when he straightened up again, two pale, clear eyes were beaming at him.
"Then get off and make it nice and wet..."
John took a tube of lubricant out of one of the desk drawers (it was a good thing they had deposited the necessary supplies all over the house) and smeared some on the first two fingers of his left hand.
Sherlock had called down to the kitchen to have a sandwich and tea brought up. He was sitting in the living room, wearing one of the new suits John had had made for him by his tailor, trying to get into ‘
... both words mean 'mister', but I feel like
The stiffness between his legs.
"Next time, brush your teeth
. Sherlock knew he should be grateful, but the opposite was the case. A small, twisted part of him craved the confrontation that was certain to occur should John discover a stranger's marks on his skin. Sherlock suspected that John's reaction would be extremely ugly, but – as mentioned - a part of him was all but itching for it and wanted to rub his intractable repeat punter's nose in the fact that other men pleasured themselves with him as well.
Sherlock set his coffee cup down on the desk with a loud clatter. "I never asked anything of him," he retorted vehemently. "And I never will!"
John wondered what that was about, but as soon as Sherlock was in control of himself again, he lifted his hand and licked his own emissions off his fingers. All the while he kept his eyes fixed on John – whose own penis was twitching hopefully, albeit uselessly - with an arrogantly seductive gaze. Once Sherlock's fingers were clean, he hunkered back down on his heels, shivered once, sighed softly, and appeared extremely satisfied with himself.
But if John was lucky, that short span of time would be enough to catch whoever it was that was trying to fuck him over here.
"What?"
Sherlock nodded.
"What would I do without you," John murmured earnestly, patting Mike on the shoulder. "But maybe he's just ambitious... we weren't so different back in the day," he pointed out.
"Ever since the very first moment. Since I returned from that first meeting with your brother, about to explode, and wanted to know if there was something else."
"But there is something you should know," John said. "I'm done with it. With him, I mean. Once and for all." He nodded to lend weight to his words and as if to prove to himself that it really was the case. "Seeing him again... opened my eyes."
plan. Everyone would have come running immediately,” Sherlock said sarcastically. “And go out into the hall? That would only have worked this time because I'm not tied down. So – no matter what you call whatever just happened... don't do it anymore,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly and started to nibble sleepily on John's earlobe.
"Yeah, I..." John began. The bed he was lying on was cold and horribly Sherlock-less. "I wish I were too." Sex somehow wasn't the same without having his hands full of a sweaty, dark-haired, cuddle-hungry clinging vine.
"No! It isn't! It is
John's breath hitched at the word. How close had he come to losing this wonderful man? How had Sherlock managed not to leave him following that night... that single, terrible night? No one in their right mind would have stayed with him after something like that. No one. John was fully aware of that fact. Constantly. That was precisely why he'd locked Sherlock into the bedroom that morning and even gone so far as to take the key with him. All simply to ensure that Sherlock would stay. And even then, he'd spent the next several hours in the firm belief that he'd find the room empty when he returned. There was a reason he'd delayed that moment as long as possible. And when he'd then finally convinced himself to return home... Sherlock had still been there.
Sherlock jerked and stopped what he was doing. He raised his head slowly and looked up at John. His eyes were already glassy with arousal, his plump lips red and wet and very, very inviting.
"I thought you knew what you..." John started to say, but Mike held the menu up in front of his face and whispered, "Albright's here too."
"Oh, Jack," the cook exclaimed, shaking her head. "I don't know why the Gaul in you always comes out when you get worked up."
"Do you want it back?" John asked, his voice dark and his smile cold. "Do you want it deep inside your dick? Do you want it? That feeling... it hurts, doesn't it? Rather unpleasant, I imagine..."
"No one is asking you to cover up a crime," Mycroft declared calmly.
"And what might that be - in your considered opinion?" Mycroft Holmes inquired with a faintly amused wink, and Greg took heart once again with relief. His behaviour and his curiosity were being tolerated, perhaps even encouraged.
side against Mycroft.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm going. I'm doing it," Greg answered indignantly, bent down to Sherlock and lifted him to his feet with surprising care. "Come on," he barked at Mycroft. "Take his other arm and put it over your shoulder. And then let's get out of here."
"Mr Glendale." Out of the corner of his eye, the doorman saw that Irene had received his signal and was approaching the door with a frown on her face.
Sherlock blinked slowly. Very slowly. Then he gathered himself enough that he was able to give a more or less coherent reply.
"What am I going to do with you..." John muttered in mock desperation. "You act like a spoiled brat. A good beating will do you a world of good." John took note of the greedy gleam in Sherlock's eye, and couldn't suppress a smirk any longer.
"No, it wasn't," John said, making a spur of the moment decision to be completely honest. "Look... I understand you pretty well. I feel the same way. London. My city. My privilege. My responsibility." He shrugged his shoulders. "I can accept that way of looking at it. And so once again my question: what do you want?"
"Violin!"
,” he whispered to Sherlock, groping between their bodies where they were plastered together to find the hard erection, which twitched hopefully against his fingers. “Come for
John had always got a kick out of kissing someone who was shorter than him ... or who was underneath him. Sherlock must have guessed that. The warm, soft lips opened for him hungrily, and with their heat nearly erased the memory of that first, chaste kiss from a few days ago. But there was almost an innocent sweetness in the meeting of their lips, tongues, and teeth this time as well, and it touched John just as deeply as it had with their first kiss.
"Oh... by the way... the Chinese vase..."
(I couldn't decide which one I liked better)
"Is that really necessary?" he asked carefully.
This chapter was extremely nerve-wracking, and not just for me.
"I know," Mike said calmly. "So?"
John ground his teeth, then sighed and went back to his armchair and let himself drop down into it.
(and even if he'd been prepared to believe his protestations of innocence), the whole story had never really sat right with him.
"TWO fingers, Sherlock, and if I hear so much as one more sound out of you, then you're only going to be using your thumb. Have I made myself clear?"
The Big Showdown!
“Fine, then...” John stopped. He'd been so sure Sherlock would say '
"I couldn't give a flying fuck!" John cried. "Buy him a new suit. Buy him new shoes and socks while you're at it! Send one of my cards along:
Just a few miles yet an entire world away, John Watson was sitting in his office at his desk, studying the weekly reports of his various business activities.
If Mycroft saw him now... his eyes would probably bug right out of his head!
"Yeah, yeah," Mike said, and told Sherlock all that he could about the incidents that had been making life difficult for John recently. When he was done, Sherlock remained silent for so long that Mike felt compelled to ask, "Are you still there?"
“None of that, mister!” He grabbed Sherlock's sensitive, drawn up balls and tugged non-too-gently. Sherlock cried out, but his erection stayed hard. “Speak after me: My little willy makes wee-wee.”
"Not for
"May I?" John breathed into his ear, and Sherlock shivered with pleasure. He wasn't just being polite and it wasn't a rhetorical question. He was actually asking for permission.
“Look at the time. Gotta run,” he said, reaching for his trousers.
"Was the young lady hurt in any manner?"
Sherlock swallowed again. In other words: he was meant to sleep alone tonight. He bit his lip briefly before turning around resolutely, sitting on the couch, and looking up at John.
"No, but..."
"John, you can't."
“Of course I did! What do you take me for?”
moment that you might ask MY OPINION about the whole thing?!” He held John's gaze, unfazed. “That might have spared you some measure of humiliation. Don't you think?” Sherlock took a deep breath, and his lower lip began to tremble. His cool superiority floundered a bit, and judging by the way he was biting his lip, he knew it too. “You'll probably want to cancel all of the arrangements and agreements you've made with me. Don't bother. Just say whatever you need to and get your money back from Irene. I won't stop you.”
The pale eyes flickered briefly and Sherlock took a deep breath. "Is there anything I need to know?" Sherlock asked in return.
"Sherlock! That's not an answer."
"Reward?" Sherlock asked, perplexed, as he finally stood on wobbly legs. Why in the world did he feel that John had somehow protected him - sanctified him, even … as if the punishment were some kind of perverse anointing?
"Sherlock Sigerson," Sherlock corrected him. He heard sarcastic applause in his head. Why had he contradicted John on top of everything else? It was obvious even from a distance of ten metres that he was furious.
“A deal?” Irene asked. “But you already have exclusive rights to Sherlock, what...”
Although John had wanted to draw it out a little longer, although he'd planned on fucking the oversensitized body until Sherlock's eyes filled with tears again, the need to empty himself into this soft, compliant, insatiable young man had become unbearable.
in his mind.
A dark, disturbing, unbridled lust ran through him at the thought. A hot-and-cold shiver crept down his back, and his hard flesh throbbed for the first time. What would that throbbing feel like with a sound inside?
"I'm beautiful," he whispered, both amazed and moved.
In order to get more air, Sherlock had his head turned to the side, since John had insisted that he cross his hands behind his neck rather than holding himself up on the mattress. It was uncomfortable and hard to breathe, yet he was extremely aroused; he wondered fleetingly whether his heightened arousal were related to the slight reduction in his oxygen level, and whether John had taken that into account. Or perhaps the strange, light-headed feeling stemmed from the fact that, for quite some time now, he'd only used his mouth to moan uncontrollably rather than to aid in breathing.
Moran's brow creased and his eyes narrowed. He apparently didn't know what to make of John's remark.
"Fanta?" Mycroft's expression reflected his confusion.
Greg gaped at him. "You're off your rocker."
PIC SET 2
John blinked. "What look?" he asked, clearly not understanding.
"All right," John said, straightening his jacket one last time and knocking the grey dust once more - in vain - from his bespoke trousers. He looked around at his bodyguards expectantly. "Where is he?"
They somehow managed to transport Sherlock to the surface. Sherlock ended up pulling himself up rung by rung while John climbed up behind him, supporting him as well as he could. It was nerve-wracking and, in spite of the cold, sweaty work, and as soon as Greg grabbed Sherlock's hands from above, he hauled him the rest of the way out.
"I will, no doubt, at an appropriate juncture," Mycroft replied coolly.
Sherlock's hands slid unanchored across the sheets, so he switched to supporting his weight on his forearms. He apparently couldn't muster the will to continue holding his head up, as he allowed his forehead to rest between his arms on the bed, which only caused his arse to stick up even higher.
An almost hypnotic calm settled over the two men. Their bodies warmed each other, held each other close, gave each other comfort. It was quiet in the room. Only Sherlock's slow, heavy breathing and the soft slap of skin against skin broke the almost reverent mood. Sherlock hung in John's arms, as if lifeless, and John pulled him closer, felt the pulsing blood under the pale skin, felt the lips murmuring silently into his neck as if in prayer.
"Of course," Mike answered. "No problem. But there's something fishy going on."
“And where are you going?” Sherlock asked, sounding affronted.
But at John's next motion, Sherlock twitched again and his posture tensed.
A life he'd longed for, and that yet was so very different.
"Not you," Sherlock replied impatiently, turning to Eleanor. "You! You smoke! Give me a cigarette!"
"Because I'm trying to understand how you could have stayed untouched for so long," John responded in a conversational tone.
"But how..." he began, before his expression lightened suddenly. "Oh, of course. Prostate massage! How stupid of me," he cried mildly, until a new – even more disturbing – thought occurred to him. "You did that on purpose," he remarked with quiet admiration.
He had to hand one thing to Mycroft Holmes: he really played the clueless sap well. Not a single blink to betray him. If Greg weren't fairly certain he was spot on with his assessment and something very foul was afoot, he would have got cold feet right about now and started apologising.
Behind the steamy glass walls of the built-in shower area, Sherlock could make out John's nude form, and a little shiver of pleasure ran through his body. It was uncommon enough that he got to see John without any clothes on, so the sight was as rare as it was precious to him, and it was worth taking a moment to enjoy it and impress it into his memory. John, who was washing his hair and thus completely unaware of his audience, continued to whistle in a carefree manner. Sherlock pulled the door shut behind himself, crossed his arms over his chest, leaned back against the sink and continued listening to the upbeat melody.
Sherlock hadn’t been exaggerating- this was definitely a different world. John felt immediate relief as the darkness and smoke enfolded him, protecting him.  As his eyes adjusted to the dimness, he saw that Irene had been accurate in describing her patrons. There were a few people drinking at the bar to the left of the room, in pairs or solo. John assumed that the aforementioned undercovers were among these. A few other people were dancing unabashedly on the slightly sunken dance floor to their right. Best thing was, though, no one was paying them any attention. The very angry sounding song that had been playing faded into an ethereal whooshing. A dark and sultry guitar intro began, and he realized that Sherlock had not let go of his hand but was pulling him toward the dance floor. John barely had time to wish that he’d at least had a couple of whiskeys first when they reached the spot that Sherlock chosen. Sherlock released his hand. He stepped away from John and started to dance. It was like nothing John had ever seen before, and he wasn’t entirely certain that it should even be legal. John didn’t know the song, but he began swaying to the music anyway, feeling out of place just standing and staring.
“Spiiiike…” Drusilla reprimanded. “What did we talk about giving the dolly a choice? We did talk about this before we went out.”
“Thanks, asshole. So, John, the second and fourth scenes we found were made up from people dressed more like punks than goths, though near as we can tell they’ve no history in any subculture. Background checks show they’re all yuppies who’ve been dressed up like punks, altered pre- or post- mortem…”
“John. You know me. I care little for the emotions of others. I manipulate people into acting in my own selfish interests. I act without conscience or care for consequence. I may not be doing it for the acquisition of drugs or sex any longer, but what is the difference if I’m doing it for the acquisition of truth?”
“Game’s up, lads. Time to pay the piper.”
Keeps you walking
“And I'll tell you this as many times as it takes for you to hear me. Trust me, Sherlock. I know you, more than anyone. I know your beauty. Your kindness. Your generosity. Your passion. You pretend that you’re all logic and reason, Sherlock, but I see your heart and I can’t imagine how I could help but love it.”
Sherlock growled, a deeply animalistic sound, and John thought fleetingly that he’d like to hear Sherlock make that noise for the rest of his life. In fact, as soon as they got back home, he was going to take a page from Sherlock’s book and begin categorising every noise he could pull from Sherlock. He’d make charts. Graphs. Right now, though, he had to stop looking at Sherlock, else he’d never be able to focus. He glanced around, suddenly feeling self-conscious. It seemed, though, that most people seemed to be somewhere on a scale from ignoring them to wanting to take them home. Although he was rather pleased to see an extremely horrified-looking Anderson gaping at them from across the bar.
“I’d be flattered but I know it’s his way of avoiding the question. I’m not gonna get to know the details of the plan, then?”
“Sherlock, it’s not realistic to think that love lasts forever. Are you absolutely certain that it’s worth it? Trading a mere human life with me for actual eternity? What if—”
Shocked by Sherlock’s admission that he could even be embarrassed, he relented. “Okay, I won’t if you don’t want me to. But are you sure you should be working this case?” he asked as the cab pulled up in front of a dark warehouse-like building. Lestrade, who had been waiting out front for their arrival, caught this last bit of their conversation.
Although he knew that Sherlock’s time in his mind palace was somewhat restorative, it was no substitute for actual sleep. As he stood there worrying about whether Sherlock would be refreshed enough to tackle what was sure to be another long night trying to apprehend Drusilla and Spike, Sherlock, without opening his eyes, seemed to read John’s mind and roused himself enough to say, “We will finish it tonight. And yes, I’ll take some new tea.” John’s nerves were nearly completely frayed from the stress of the last few days and the lack of sleep. A cold and demanding Sherlock was just about to enough to make him finally snap when the lounging detective opened his eyes and looked over at John, giving a shy, sheepish smile which caused his irritations to somehow magically melt away.
Lestrade gaped at him, obviously waiting for the inevitable “but” that usually followed Sherlock’s wildest assertions. When it didn’t come, he shook his head and began to take charge of the investigation at hand, probably assuming Sherlock had actually lost his mind this time.
“Oh, it’s not about the case, John. No need for clothes.”
“Indeed. Well, we’ll proceed as planned. But in the case that you do become overwhelmed, we will try to play off that you are new to the scene and here because you are trying to appeal to my interests.”
“Figure it out yourself, genius,” John sighed as the kitchen phone rang.
They were climbing a set of stairs as they spoke, a strange in-between world where stragglers lurked smoking, and the music from the different floors melded into an unintelligible din. Sherlock stopped and asked a girl with foot-long green spikes spouting in every direction from her head for a cigarette, ignoring John’s dirty look. “Ta,” he said as she handed him one with a look of practiced disdain. They climbed up to the next landing, and before John could bring up the issue of Sherlock’s smoking habit, he uncoiled a scrap of paper from around the cigarette. “Homeless network,” he muttered, scanning the unfurled note.
Sherlock had been acting dodgy for days. John was aware of the detective talking to himself with more frequency and agitation than was normal, though Sherlock's version of normal was anything but. He’d also been noticing Sherlock staring at him for longer periods than usual. At one point, John had even gotten so fed up that he had returned the stare with what he imagined was matching childishness and intensity, but then he was startled by the tell-tale signs of what looked like the previous night’s eyeliner smudged around Sherlock’s waterline and decided to look away before Sherlock deduced that John found that observation very... interesting.
John lost himself in the dance. Everyone around them was moving their body as felt natural to them, and it was beautiful. John’s insecurity was gone. He focused on the feeling of moving his body so freely, and on Sherlock’s graceful twirling and swaying. He thought hazily that no one should be able to move their body like that, especially not someone so vehemently asexual. Then he thought that they should maybe do this more often.
“Well, then, I’ll keep it tame.”
“Don’t fret, John. I neglected to mention that part of our ruse involves us being- involved.” Sherlock was wearing his most unaffected face. “I have a list of reasons prepared why this is more important than your rather erroneously adamant declarations of your heterosexuality.”
“Alright then, Dru, what are we hanging around here for? Let’s get these pretty new dollies of yours back to the lair.” Spike chomped his teeth at Drusilla as punctuation. John tried hard not to laugh at the overdramatic use of the word “lair.”
“Oh, sit down. We both know that you’re not going anywhere. But you are correct. Lestrade finally allowed someone who wasn't Anderson to examine the bodies and they pointed out the undeniable forensic similarity of the wounds found on several of the victims that they had previously declared unrelated. He has, as such, suddenly found himself unable to disregard my ‘suggestions’ that perhaps we had a serial killer, or killers more likely, on the loose in London.”
John couldn't tell if Sherlock was sincerely flirting or if they were supposed to be getting into character, but either way, he was feeling brave. He'd opened the door and he wasn't going to waste this opportunity to use his considerable seduction skills on Sherlock. “Oh, I’ll show you harder, Sherlock.” John cringed as soon as the words left his mouth. It seemed that his bravery might just be bravado. He quickly finished tying up the lacing.
After dreams of distant signs
“Do you honestly believe in the greater good? That the ends justify the means? No, John, actions are what matter, and I am at least as monstrous as those who kill to feed. In fact, survival is more of a justifiable rationale than any motive I’ve ever had.”
John figured that Sherlock would likely see through any cover he tried to dream up at this point. His brain still wasn’t functioning at full capacity, and his mouth appeared to be hanging wide open, leaving his ability for response rather limited. And anyway, he was exhausted from hiding how he felt all the the time from the master of deduction. Fuck it, Sherlock finally knew that John found him attractive. It had only been a matter of time. John decided to take a risk. Worst case scenario, Sherlock would ignore the implications and they would move on with their lives. Best case scenario- well, they’d cross that unlikely bridge if it came to it. “Did that when I was seventeen. Just give me a minute to admire the view and I’ll come help you, like I always do.”
Before she could speak,though, the blond man stepped between them and shouted, “Oi, mate. Fuck off, Dru here wasn’t done talking.”
“I wasn’t ‘lurking’. I just never know what I’m walking into is all. Mornin’ Lestrade,  I see Sherlock didn’t offer you tea?” Sherlock looked slightly offended at the thought of making anyone tea. Lestrade just laughed. “So, a new plan then?” John asked as he got out three mugs.
“Yes, Irene. This is my partner, John Watson. I’m sure you’ve seen him in the photographs as well.”
A few more level-headed of the force had stopped and taken aim with their guns, but not one of them managed to fire a shot before the two were gone.
“This club caters to a diverse group of subcultures, John. Kali has three floors, each with its own atmosphere.”
But never shout
John expected a snide remark, but instead Sherlock put his arms around him and pulled him closely into an embrace. He leaned his head onto John’s and spoke into his hair. “We’ll be careful. I promise.”
The cab ride back was silent, and John wasn’t sure how to reach out to Sherlock, or if the detective even wanted him to. It was obvious to John that Sherlock had been shaken by the encounter with Drusilla and Spike, and while he could try and play it off as his typical surliness at being stumped by a case, John had been there and seen Sherlock ready to give up his life to the killers. He wasn’t completely certain that Sherlock actually believed that they were vampires, but either way it was breaking John’s heart that Sherlock would be so willing to throw away everything they had—or could have, if they’d ever get a chance—so easily. Sensing John’s unease, Sherlock reached over and gently took his hand, but continued staring out the window at the rising sun.
i'll be travelling over the next few weeks, and i have quite a bit of driving to do which makes it hard to write. i'll still post chapters on thursdays but they might be a little smaller than i planned in the first draft, so there might be more chapters in the end!
“Well, maybe. I don’t know. They just give me the creeps.”
They broke apart reluctantly, though neither seemed willing to forsake contact altogether. They grazed fingertips as they headed into the nightclub. As usual, Sherlock seemed to posses the sort of A-list magic that allowed them to bypass the queue. As they passed the crowds of people waiting their turn to enter, John was relieved to recognize several Yarders.
“Bugger the case.”
Sherlock growled into John's ear, evidently noticing that his attention was no longer focused on him. John struggled to bring attention back to the task at hand. He felt a little chagrined at how much he’d let the woman capture his attention, but he couldn’t help but feel a thrill at Sherlock’s possessiveness.  Before he had a chance to ruminate further on that particular sensation, it seemed that both of the new arrivals noticed Sherlock. John could tell that Sherlock knew the moment that he had their attention. She crooked her finger, beckoning Sherlock to join them. Without hesitation, he went into undercover mode. He released John and began dancing toward the couple. While Sherlock had been sexy when dancing with John, John could now tell that dance had been for him. It was understated, intimate. Now, fully in bait mode, he turned on the kind of seduction John had seen him use with clients and victims. It seemed gaudy, in retrospect, but it had been proved effective in the past so John pushed down his jealousy and let Sherlock get to work. His earlier concerns about Sherlock using himself as bait seemed silly now that he saw the suspects, but he kept a wary eye just in case. Not that it was that much of a burden to watch these three Iele converge in their dance.
“I think we should wait, Sherlock. You’re actually scaring me a bit here.”
“You’re working for the common good, Sherlock. You catch murderers and pedos and all sorts of bad guys. Your methods may be a little harsh, but the greater good…”
John stared heatedly at Sherlock’s long, long neck and tried to mentally project to his not-quite-psychic-but-very-astute flatmate what sort of calling card he’d like to leave there for any ‘vampires’. “Oh, you have no idea. What’s mine is mine, and I don’t leave any room for doubt on that account.”
Sherlock wave his hand distractedly. “Yes, and...?”
Indeed, that was a good word for what John was seeing- everyone looked spellbound. Sherlock was doing a good impersonation of it too, and John realized that Sherlock must be aware of how much the woman’s partner was scrutinizing him. In fact, the blond man was completely fixated on Sherlock, and he seemed to be practically herding him closer and closer toward the woman. As the song came to a climax, Sherlock, the blond man, and the woman had formed a beautiful trio in the center of a whirlpool of writhing bodies. The song ended abruptly, and the spell was broken. The DJ switched to a slower song, and many of the dancers wandered off the floor entirely, looking more than a little disoriented, although a few stragglers milled around trying to get the woman's attention. John decided this was probably a good time to rejoin Sherlock, as the two suspects were now leering at him rather lasciviously. He walked up as the woman was leaning into Sherlock, standing on her tip toes to whisper something in his ear, her hand entangled in the laces of his shirt. John caught Sherlock’s eye and with that uncanny communication they sometimes had, John could tell that Sherlock was barely tolerating her touch. He jumped into action. Wondering briefly what kind of signal Sherlock had worked out with the yard, he hitched himself up a bit higher, put out his chest, and walked purposefully over to the group. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him closer possessively. The woman hissed in frustration, and with excruciating slowness, turned to acknowledge John’s arrival.
Molly didn’t seem to notice. She was blushing- rather more than normal- and couldn’t quite make eye contact with either of them.  It dawned on John that she’d seen The Picture, and John assumed that probably by now everyone else they knew had too. Apparently they’d have to get used to this, if they ever managed to actually get together. Better to get the awkwardness out of the way now, he supposed. He went over and placed his hand on Sherlock’s lower back, partly proving the rumors true, partly offering him gentle comfort. Sherlock did seem to relax a little under his touch. Molly noticed too and blushed an impossibly darker shade of red. John waited for her to process what was happening, and it only took a few seconds. She blinked away the tears that had been threatening to spill, then she nodded her head sharply. When she raised her head to speak, she looked resolved. John felt bad being so brazen, but enough was enough and Molly was just going to get hurt if she continued to nurse this adolescent crush on Sherlock. Anyway, even though John knew she contained a lot of hidden depths, even if Sherlock had returned her interest he’d eat her alive. She took a deep breath and began reading from her chart, “He’s Eli- Eli Guerrero. He was only twenty. Cause of death was exsanguination- same as the others.”
“Yes, sir.” He would do anything to keep hearing Sherlock invoke his name this way.
“Welcome, mates. I’d say you should make yourself at home, maybe grab yourself a bite to eat, but you’re the snack tonight.” Spike sneered, walking up to Sherlock and sniffing his carotid artery.
“Wait, John.”
“I’m not certain yet of how exactly they are accomplishing this, but trust me. There are two of them. One is an angry male, who identifies strongly as anti-authoritarian and thinks very highly of himself. The other is a woman who is actually the clever one of the two, although she suffers frequent mental breaks that render her child-like. He likes to take care of her. He likes to indulge her whims. Right now, they’re playing a game. They’re taking turns, to be fair. As the last ‘scene’ was his, it is her turn tonight, which is why we are here at Cities in Dust. Many of the victims frequented this club, and may have been chosen from here. The suspects will be hard to distinguish from the crowd, though I’m certain Irene will have a narrow list of suspects- she is quite observant.  At a club like this, among the many regulars there are also gawkers and posers- those are people pretending to be in the ‘scene’, John-”
Sherlock ignored him, working his entrance wider, excruciatingly slowly, though Sherlock’s rock-hard and leaking cock betrayed his façade of composure. John was writhing and wordlessly trying to beg-- he’d lost language entirely at this point. He was drowning in sensation as Sherlock’s clever fingers tortured him with random, delicate brushes against his prostate. He was twisting his hips to thrust his aching cock against anything he could reach, trying desperately to get enough friction, chasing an orgasm that was just beyond his reach. And then Sherlock stopped his exploration of John’s arse, and John cried out at the emptiness that now filled him.
"Tell me," John whispered, his fingers twitching with the urge to touch.
“Now you better give me a little taste. Put your icing on my cake, you nasty boy.” As the music picked up again, she swung around to clutch the back of the chair and bent over, swaying her arse sadistically.
She pulled her Johnny close and kissed the crown of his head, finding relief in the familiar scent of him and the baby soft strands of his hair brushing her cheek.
The dark-skinned woman stepped forward, her long, graceful brown legs striding towards the man waiting for her in the spotlight. It was a brief scene, but the intensity of it was just as enthralling as the others. They gravitated around one another, as if they were sizing one another up before a fight, and that was exactly what the choreography was. The woman and her partner pulled apart until they were only connected by the red scarf, before she wove her long leg around it and harshly pulled him in. It was stylistically done, and again, Sherlock wondered how it was that he missed a place like this right in the centre of London.
danger, John."
Sherlock reached for his collar and pulled it away from his skin. His jaw tensed. When he looked back at John, his blue eyes were sharper than before. “Continue.”
“You've allowed me into your body, and now I want you to have mine,” Sherlock divulged, his chin tilting up as he met John's eyes in a steadfast manner, as if he expected John to turn him down.
Sherlock woke to John’s back, heated and perspiring against his chest. Wisps of dove grey light seeped through the curtains, casting the room in a wintry luminescence. Wrinkling his nose at the wet noise of their sweat-dampened skin peeling apart as he rolled onto his back, Sherlock stretched languidly against soft, body-warm sheets.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied. “I’ve something I need to look into.” He stopped, hesitating with his heart in his throat. He didn’t know why he was nervous all of a sudden. Perhaps he was anxious to be leaving John at the flat alone. The thought of coming back to an empty home made his stomach churn. Feeling restless, Sherlock shifted from one foot to the other. “When I’ll return, we’ll continue where we were?”
Sensing John's wariness, Sarah angled her body to face his and folded her legs up to her chest, wrapping her arms around them. Her limpid, azure eyes surveyed him sternly before she opened her mouth to speak. "Mike also told me how you felt about Holmes, and I completely agree, if everything I read is to be believed. He seems like a very complicated man." She sighed, and John felt pinioned by her soft, knowing gaze. "I just don't want you to get too swept up in all that, is all."
“John,” he said, and John turned his head to the side to acknowledge him. “I know this isn't you saying yes. Just… let us have this. It doesn't have to be more than what it is, for now at least.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, ashamed and angry. He didn't know who he was angry at more: himself, for caring, or John, for his existence.
This chapter contains explicit content, and this will be my only warning going forward. Heed the tags, please. Enjoy!
John passed the joint down to Greg, who took it between the tip of his thumb and forefinger, sparing a glance at his friends and flatmates.
"You have questions," Holmes spoke suddenly, his smoky baritone slicing through the tense silence.
It was official: John was going straight to hell.
Sherlock crossed his hands behind his back and watched Jasper for moment, before he asked, “Tea?”
Jasper had helped him keep the man securely on the ground while John wrapped gaffa tape around his captive's beefy wrists.
John took the offered clothing and pulled it on, too tired to really care how ridiculous he looked. He swept up the torn panties and garter belts, dreading the moment he would have to present them to Irene. She was going to be livid.
would force them apart, and John was terrified.
“Please, John. Contain yourself.”
He reached over and retrieved the rag from the bowl, squeezing it to drain the excess water before he brought it to John's skin. Carefully, he drew it across John's cheeks, nose, forehead, temple, until Lady Grey had all but vanished. Sherlock stared, enthralled by the signs of old acne scars, the fading blush on John's upturned nose, strong jaw, narrow eyes beneath arched eyebrows.
Thank you all for the support you're showing me! I hope you enjoy this new chapter. Thanks once again to my betas
Sarah nodded and stood. “Oh, most definitely.” She held out a hand. “Come on. Take you to lunch?”
Sherlock closed his eyes, his jaw tensing as he ground his teeth together.
John ignored him and carried on, walking to a well-known spot, where he was familiar with the other poor souls selling their bodies to make ends meet. Behind him, the man cackled with his friends and called out to John again. "Fuckin' cock tease!"
Sherlock turned to look at her, flashing a quick, but sincere smile. "Thank you, Molly."
So John squared his shoulders and readied himself to go forward, into the grey unknown that was their foggy future, and parted his lips:
“John―”
However, despite John's incertitude, Sherlock's presence was reassuring. He felt less like a man walking into certain death and more like he had a fighting chance against the Humans hunting him. Sherlock's hand was heavy upon his shoulder, and John hadn't realized how hard he was breathing until he turned to see the rapid up down motion of the fingers clamped on his shoulder. His chest was constricting and his throat seemed swollen beyond the ability to inhale. John realized that he was afraid; afraid to see what he only glimpsed at night when the dreams were at their worst.
for updates and all things Sherlockian. Feedback is always appreciated! Until next time ;)
Then again, there was nothing truly petty about the situation. He’d become disassociated with who he truly was, forgotten that there was a life outside of Lady Grey and the Looking Glass.
"You have no idea what power you possess, John Watson," Sherlock panted against his cheek, just as breathless, if not more so. "People look at you, and mistake you for ordinary, but they don't truly see."
John bit his lip, and internally shouted at his heart to calm the hell down, because there’s no way that Sherlock would go to the cabaret just to see him lip-sync some songs. Not that lip-syncing was all that it was. They put on a show, they were entertainers; it’s what they did, but he didn’t expect anyone to interrupt their lives just to watch him perform.
"Yes, hello. I have an appointment with Sherlock Holmes for an interview." The woman showed no surprised as she held up one manicured nail and picked up the phone, swiftly pressing two buttons. "May I have your name please?" The secretary asked as she waited for an answer on the other end.
"I don't know, mate, seems like you might need to stretch your legs a bit, yeah?"
he could see exactly what he'd done. He couldn't stand to look in the mirror anymore, to see the one person staring back at him that he hated the most. Hell,
Mike grinned, his relief obvious, and John felt the slightest bit like an arse for being rude to his friend who he hadn't seen much of in the past week. "I thought maybe you went to the pub and brought back a wild one," Mike chuckled, though John was now intensely aware of Sherlock's keen hearing and his thoughts on John with anyone else.
Cobalt eyes never left his own as Sherlock wound his way past scattered clothing and displaced shoes and John’s cane—which he retrieved and leaned against the side table.
John felt the hair on his arm rise when he heard Holmes's office door open in the hall. Every cell in his body responded to the sound of his shoes against the marble tile, each step precise and heavy with purpose. It was frightening and exciting, and John could feel his spine straighten in anticipation.
John ran, quick on Sherlock's heels, and determined not to look back at the cabin going up in flames.
But Bill was the sort who could be passive aggressive, though it was rare. He had a kind of controlled anger that hung around him like a cloak. Bill never took his anger out on anyone, but it simmered behind his eyes like so many shadows, only to be thrown down like a gauntlet whenever they clashed.
How could he possibly have put John through that? Watching him jump off of Barts, that stifling, suffocating horror wrapped around every breath. Seeing John die, Sherlock had every intention of joining John, but he hadn't deduced
He was beautiful, just as he’d always been, but older and different. His hair was shorter than before, yet the curls were still present, and his cheeks had filled out attractively. Jasper was a bit taller than before and less lanky than his father, and instead of the bespoke suits Sherlock preferred, he donned a simple pair of denims, trainers, and a long-sleeved crew neck jumper that showed off his toned physique. Gone were the glasses and awkward smile. This was Jasper, the man.
John thought.
John stared at him expectantly, his hands folded patiently in his lap as he waited for Sherlock to explain.
“And?”
However, Sherlock left him no choice when he gently pulled out of John and sat up. John stood on wobbly legs, knees popping as he stretched up on his toes to encourage blood flow and get some feeling back into his numb legs. Sherlock’s semen was tracking a viscous trail down the back of his thigh. “Bathroom?" he asked, and Sherlock led him through a chaotic kitchen area and to a door in the hall just off to the left.
John glanced at his watch.
for status updates and general Sherlockian madness!
There was now a hall dedicated to John, filled with dark, cobalt blue walls, the colour of his eyes, and sheets the shade of John's cheeks when he blushed. Each door opened to a memory, and it seemed fitting that the first one revealed Sherlock's office and a nervous John sipping tea across from him.
John's lips compressed tightly and his answering nod was stiff.
Stay out of it.
John panted, so very, very close, “God, Sherlock, please…”
, and he was gone, and Sherlock was worried. How could John have missed this? The lashing out, the long nights out, all of it amounted to Jasper's leaving and Sherlock unable to find his child. John couldn't imagine the feeling.
"Yes, urgent. We have an appointment we have to keep, and you are still my personal assistant, are you not?"
The writing was the same, except there was no personal message left on the first note. As Sherlock predicted, John was confused. There didn't seem to be a connection between the nursery rhymes. The note from the kitchen table was blatantly threatening, while the one from the messenger had a more playful tone.
John was so wrapped up in this bloke, feeling wanton and overwhelmed, and ready to be taken. John didn't think he ever wanted anything this badly. Sod food and shelter; sod Alfie and Gillian; this is what he needed.
Now, I know you all will be spitting fire at me over this chapter, but please remember: this is not the last story of this series and it WILL have a happy ending. Our boys just have some shit to work out and they're both ridiculously stubborn. So stick with me and I hope to see you all in the next story with amazingly hot smut and all the feels ready! I cannot thank you enough, my friends. I love you all! Come visit me on
"You're not as much of a genius as they say you are if you can threaten a man who currently has the upper hand," Förstner growled, his composure finally giving way to reveal the insanity beneath. "It's just your luck that I'm feeling generous today."
“Right away, Mister Holmes,” Winston said, and gently closed the door behind himself.
“Mm,” Sherlock groaned low in his throat as he pulled the scarf from around his throat. Strong, pale thighs spread wide for him, and in between that, a reddened cock Sherlock wanted to run his tongue over. He wanted to push him back and glide over him, grind into him.
John shrugged again, bringing the bottle to his lips, looking anywhere but at his curious flatmate. "You could say that," he finished dryly, wishing that the ale could hit him - and Mike - a little sooner, drag him under until he couldn't remember a thing.
John thought wickedly, thinking of copious amounts of hair pulling the night before, as he grabbed two handfuls of Sherlock's hair and tugged, until he had the advantage, pushing his tongue between Sherlock's teeth. The man moaned violently, clutching John closer, but only to turn and drop him unceremoniously onto the rickety table.
Harry: the name everyone was almost afraid to say. When John was barely out of secondary, she'd already been hooked on a dangerous amalgam of drugs and alcohol. No one knew where she went, and Harry never bothered to call and soothe their worries. John wasn't sure if he hated her for it, or if he was grateful that his parents didn't have to be privy to her reckless lifestyle.
When Sherlock finally released him, John awkwardly scurried off in the direction of the den, with semen crusting uncomfortably on his stomach and in his navel. The entire walk back, he prayed that his progress to the nearest bathroom wouldn't be impeded by anyone, most of all Victor. The last thing he needed was to fight the man over Sherlock. It was just a one-off, a momentary lapse in inhibitions that he was already regretting, but the hunt had been so successful and Sherlock, so alluring.
"I ain't leavin' you here with 'im, Mr Holmes. What if he tries to... you know," Billy hissed back in a stage whisper, making some lewd gesture with his fingers to complement his statement.
Defiantly, John checked Sarah's first.
, and Kami-no-ikku. You guys took me to task over this chapter, but I've never been prouder of an update. Thank you all so much!
(See the end of the chapter for
. Whatever happened afterwards was all you, mate.”
Harry charged forward, drawing her fist back and punching John straight in the mouth, catching him off guard. He fell on his arse with enough force to bruise, and no sooner was he down, than was Harry on him like a wild animal, screaming abuse and wrapping her hands around his neck.
John shifted uncomfortably under the unexpected praise, but nodded graciously as the woman regarded with warm curiosity. "Thank you..." He ran a trembling hand over the back of his neck,  attempting to stifle the riot of thoughts all fighting their way to the forefront of his mind. He had so many questions, but John wasn't sure if he ought to ask them just now.
Sherlock raised a brow, but didn't comment on John's obvious nervousness. “Ah, an
John hesitated, staying Sherlock’s insistent hand with two of his own against Sherlock’s thighs, resisting him.
John looked away and gently urged Molly to recline against the back of the couch with a palm on her belly, until her arse perched on the edge.
was my elder brother, Mycroft. Quite the interfering bastard," Holmes sniffed, brushing imaginary lint from his lapel with casual disinterest.
have a wife, and before that, a constant line of women traipsing in and out of our flat. It really was inconvenient, especially to the Work.”
John was nervous. What could it be that it had to come with a forewarning? All this time, he'd known that Sherlock was preparing him for something, testing his worthiness, but now that the moment of truth was here, John wondered if he was, perhaps, a bit out of his depth.
"Sherlock..."
No sooner than the cab had pulled up to the kerb, John wasted no time paying the cabbie with a gracious nod, and making his way inside.
Besides the introductory script, the director allowed them full creative license to do as they pleased.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I see," he murmured, and the Alpha male visibly bristled at the declaration, balling his fists by his sides. For some odd reason, the visual display excited Sherlock.
“I always come prepared,” Sherlock returned just as quickly, and again, they both giggled like schoolboys discovering naughty jokes for the first time at the double entendre.
Come join me on
Sherlock’s lips curled into a tiny, secretive smile as he peered up at John from beneath his brows. “Piss off.”
Sherlock snorted in amusement, "Don't let her hear you say that."
Warning: Sherlock is a little dark in this chapter, and according to your tastes, you may or may not find him a likeable person.
John finally gave in and flopped onto his back with a huff. "Alright, alright, I'll do it."
Sherlock could feel himself going into a frenzy. The fact that he'd been able to stay coherent this long was a miracle, but now he was ready to give in to the Heat.
Without the protection that pack life could provide, John's life expectancy would go down by half. One day he would stumble upon territory wherein the pack leader would not be as accommodating.
“You planned for this,” John asked, raising a brow at Sherlock's expediency.
"And who might you be?" Mr. Holmes, when he spoke, commanded attention, and John found himself wanting to hear that mellifluous voice again, just so he could feel his stomach flop.
“Shut up,” Sherlock snapped. “I don't know how else to convince you, John,” he stated, his hips falling still. “I've never wanted anyone more in my life, and yes, my past is sordid and shitty, but
"Oh, you know how hard it is to keep anything from your mum-
"Wha- Tesco?"
It was nearing midnight when Sherlock let himself and John into 221B. Mrs Hudson had already swept through and turned every light on in the flat besides the bedroom and bathroom.
After two minutes, John had about enough and shoved his way awkwardly between Sherlock and the wall, and inserted himself under the spray, sighing happily as the warm water hit his skin. Sherlock protested, but John tuned him out and scrubbed his body down quickly, turning to throw Sherlock a playful smirk.
Before he could throw the phone away, it began to vibrate in his hand. Molly, again.
“Because I needed something for me, mum!” John exploded. As if that outburst had taken all the wind out of his sails, John slumped into his seat. “I can’t be there just to fill a void for you and for dad.” He met Sherlock’s narrowed eyes. “And I can’t be your crutch.”
That must be how celebrities felt, never having a moment to themselves in the public eye. John wasn't anybody by any means, but Sherlock was, so why should it come as a surprise that the Paparazzi would cotton on to a suspected new relationship for the millionaire?
Lestrade released John in order to open the door, the other man leaning his body against the wall, still feeling sluggish, even more so after the short trip up the stairs.  Lestrade pulled an old fashioned key from his  back pocket, rusty with age and overuse, and slipped it into the keyhole.
John didn’t have time to think any more on it, because something warm and slippery was burrowing beneath his balls and trailing between the cheeks of his arse, confident that he wouldn’t push away. Just past Molly’s thighs, he could see that shock of dark hair and pale hands holding his legs apart, massaging the back of his thighs.
had the nerve to follow him and invade in his private life! John hadn't even told his parents about Sherlock - not that he'd particularly planned on it, either - and now they were probably spitting their morning herbals all over one another at the kitchen table.
"Not soon enough," John grumbled, putting as much distance between himself and the foot as possible. "So are we having human organs for dinner?"
It was over as fast as it began, then the woman was murmuring into her phone as she exited at her stop on the fifteenth floor. John exhaled in relief, glad that the odd moment was over. He spent the better part of his ride watching people get on and off. Unfortunately, there was a stop on every floor on the way up.
“Come on,” Sherlock said after a moment, and stood to shrug on his coat. He was long and elegant in his bespoke suit, and the coat gave him a dramatic flair that John quite liked. Long legs, fit body, striking eyes, cutting cheekbones, and those curls all made for a stunning representation. John couldn’t tear his eyes away and Sherlock knew it, too, by his wry expression.
Succinct. Yup, there was no mistaking who was on the other end, now. John tried to stamp down his excitement and the warmth burrowing in his chest like a warm cuppa after a long day, but the feeling spread throughout his body with little resistance on his part. He hadn’t run Sherlock away, as he’d assumed, and once again he was seeking John out. It still surprised him that a man like Sherlock Holmes wanted him.
“I should have left you to die,” the man sneered viciously, “bringing those hunters into my territory. My pack and I were cleverly hidden from any human presence, and now you've led them here, so shut up, and ask nothing.”
John put on his most long-suffering look. “I know what a drag queen is, Sherlock.”
She paused. “As yet, it’s not busy tonight. There are a few regulars, all of whom are a little too regular to be your suspects, and a little too antisocial. Most of the people who arrive this early do it to enjoy the space on the dance floor, others to enjoy the bar before the lines form. The club won’t be properly busy for another hour or so. On the nights of the murders involving my guests, there was a couple here who I haven’t seen before- I’d keep an eye out for them if I was you. He's definitely dishy, but he’s got a bad approximation of a Billy Idol thing going on, cockney accent. She’s dark, petite, posh, and decidedly disturbed.” Sherlock looked smug at his earlier assessment’s verity. “They usually make their entrance at peak times, and they definitely attract attention. I’ve heard rumors that a certain set even believes them to be, well, True Vampires. Although the same people latch onto a different vampiric messiah every year or so, I’ll say there’s something… different about these two.” John wasn’t sure, but he thought he detected just a trace of fear.
“C’mon, Dru. At least let’s keep the one that doesn’t talk so much, kill the other.”
She let out a long, high pitched whine and stomped her foot.  “We should just kill Daddy.”
Sherlock reached to open the massive door. “No John, I have simply found a better place of refuge. Obviously.”
“Sure, if you say so. They were given makeovers and then positioned in some rather boringly subversive poses- flipping the bird, making devils’ horns, tongues out, and the like. Both of these times the victims were staged in front of the BBC building. If this doesn’t work out tonight we’ll at least we’ll know where to look for the next batch, I guess. We connect them to the other crime scenes because they were also exsanguinated, puncture wounds on the neck. Anyway, we can’t figure out if this is two separate groups, or cults, or whatever…”
cw: a little light s&m
“Aye, he’s told you, has he? I want you to know that I was also against him helping with this case, John. But he convinced me he’s been clean long enough that he shouldn’t be tempted, so I reluctantly agreed to let him on. And because he was already familiar with the ‘scene’ we figured that he was uniquely qualified.”
“Hm, yes. Saving London from peril- I’ve been reading about you in the papers. I’ve saved a few of the better photographs they’ve taken too for my… personal collection.”
“But I thought Cities in Dust wasn’t open again until Thursday?”
“What is it, already?”
“Be ready at eleven.”
CRACK. The whip came down on John’s perineum, and it was more than he could take. Friction or no, he was coming harder than he’d ever come in his life screaming, “TWENTY!”
Sherlock reached up and ran his thumb over John’s kiss-swollen bottom lip and said in his deep baritone voice, “After this case, I have a list of things that we are going to. A very long list. It may take days or weeks to accomplish the entire list- longer if you require food and sleep as you so tediously do. But I am a genius, after all. The ways that I can imagine making you orgasm are nearly infinite. ”
“Really, though?” John wasn’t sure why he was pressing the issue so strongly. It wasn’t like he wanted Sherlock to become a blood-sucking monster. But he needed to understand. Needed to know that when they went after the vampires tomorrow night that Sherlock wouldn’t give himself over to them. He wasn’t sure if he would be able to let him go, especially now.
Sherlock looked up. “You’re mad.”
“Okay, we’ll see about that. But two, your plan lacks an end game. What are we supposed to we do when we identify them? Do you have a net stashed somewhere that you’ll toss over them or something? Pull off their vampire masks and reveal they were the janitor all along?”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock stopped and turned toward him, eyebrows raised.
“I knew you would be angry, but I thought it would be worth the risk if it kept you safe.” Sherlock looked chagrined, but determined.
……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….
“Nothing we could ever do in public would be even close to the crime that is his attempt at undercover attire.”
I hear you say-
“It seems there’s a third player who we did not anticipate.”
On and on it goes
“What’s the alternative? That you go into this alone? No way I’d ever let that happen. I’m in. But don’t you think you’re underestimating the Yard just a bit? They may not have your superiour deductive abilities, but they are rather good at their jobs despite your scathing reviews.”
“Only two more now, John. Only two more and then you get to put this- Sherlock ran the riding crop along the length of his dripping cock- down your throat. Can you take it, John? Do you think you’ll be able to take all of me?” Sherlock flicked the whip down on one of the few remaining areas where he hadn’t yet struck.
“Oh yes, John. Harder.” Sherlock dropped his voice to a pitch that John had never heard him use before, but would definitely be thinking about the next time he had some time alone.
“Oh- okay, yeah… um-”
“I’m no expert on subculture, but don’t some of these groups actually brawl with one other?”
“Got it. No staring at women’s breasts.” John was certain that his face was completely flushed at this point, though he wasn’t certain whether from frustration or utter embarrassment at the images that flooded his mind when Sherlock’s velvet voice intoned the word ‘intimate’.
John eyed him warily, having really only listened to about half of what Sherlock just said, still stewing over the ruined curry. “Oh? A case then? Or are you finally taking me out?”
Or cancel it, though I know it must be
John was not at all surprised that Sherlock obviously missed the reference. “I’ve worked out a set of signals with the Yarders inside. They will then leap to action. No nets required.”
“Pre-mortem. To humiliate them.” Sherlock interjected.
We are entranced
“Hush, Spike. Shhhh. That’s no way to treat my dolly, jealous boy.”
“Could it be coincidence?”
“Yes, Molly. I knew him.” Sherlock’s tone made it clear that he had no interest in elucidating.
John turned an entirely new shade of red, desperately trying to push back the onslaught of images from his dream that had resurfaced at Sherlock’s description. Thankfully, the kettle whistled and he had a reason to turn away from the ever-observant detective, who was still staring through him. He glanced down at the copy of the Times lying on the counter and instantly a cold rage replaced whatever undefinable thing he’d been feeling just a moment ago.
“John. Wake up.”
John was deep in thought, going through the unconscious motions of domesticity when he felt Sherlock’s arms wrap around him. Despite all of his simmering anxieties and the uncertainty weighing heavily between them, he leaned back into the embrace, relaxing into the comfort Sherlock was offering. They stood there silently, savoring each other’s company long enough that John had to restart the kettle to finish the task he’d come into the kitchen for. Eventually, John spoke up. “I can’t believe I’m saying this, Sherlock, but what if…” He hesitated, afraid the detective would laugh at him if he finished his thought.
Hesitantly, Sherlock responded, “There is often a picture of us in the papers, John.”
You have no choice
With the last line, Sherlock’s eyes locked fiercely onto John. Oh. There was no doubt that this was the real Sherlock communicating with him, and Sherlock wanted him. Sherlock… WANTED him. Well. John certainly wasn’t going to lose his chance by responding with mixed signals. He met Sherlock’s gaze and let everything he’d been repressing all these long months blaze through.  As the song progressed, they moved closer and closer, flirting with light touches, maintaining their heated eye contact.  Sherlock spun closer to John, and just as John was sure that Sherlock was finally going to kiss him, he danced instead around and wrapped his arms around John from behind. Still moving to the music, Sherlock nuzzled into John’s neck, saying, “People are filtering in now, John. I’m sure you’ve noted the location of all of the exits.” John had not, in fact, noticed anything but Sherlock, who was currently running his hand up John’s chest. “Watch carefully for the couple that Irene described. They’ll be deliberately attracting attention, it will be difficult to miss them.” John was pretty sure he wouldn’t notice the entire British Army if they marched into this club if Sherlock kept touching him. Sherlock must have been able to read his thoughts again because he huffed a frustrated sigh into John’s neck and pulled away. Some of the blood found its way back to John’s brain. He shook his head a little to clear it, pushing down the feeling of utter loss at the lack of physical contact he’d been able to enjoy so fleetingly. Sherlock danced back around in front of John and gave him a meaningful look. Later, his eyes seemed to promise. Oh yes, later.
Lestrade interrupted her, “He was last seen at the Batcave. That’s one we haven’t been investigating. Do you think it’s a lead, Sherlock?”
“Drusilla, we’re on a timeline here, pet. Now pick out your toys or I’ll pick them for you.”
Mm-mm-mm, finally some action for y’all, just a tease though for what’s to come once our genius detective wraps up the case. I’m so sorry it took so long to put up the next chapter. Life stuff really tripped me up the last couple of weeks, but I pinky swear that I’m back on track! Thanks for your patience! xo
After a morning of turbulent dreams featuring vampires and war flashbacks, John woke up feeling not very well-rested. He contemplated trying for another few hours of sleep, but the fear of more nightmares kept him from trying. There didn’t seem to be any noise to indicate Sherlock had gotten up yet, but then again it was just as likely he had come out of his trance and left during John’s sleep. Just thinking that he’d gone out alone was enough to prompt John out of bed and downstairs, but Sherlock hadn’t moved.
“Oi, this tiny mind has to save your life when you muck up, running into situations without a plan. Try not to piss it off, yeah?”
“What changed? Oh, don’t start, my deductive reasoning is solid here. I’m assuming something out of the ordinary happened, and that’s why they’ve finally contacted you.”
“Seriously? We’re going to just run off with some ‘vampires’? That’s your big plan?”
He opened his eyes and looked pleadingly up at Sherlock, whose face was flushed and glistening, covered in a glaze of sweat, eyes completely dilated and unfocused. Sherlock reached back under the pillow and triumphantly produced a square of foil. He was trying desperately to open it with his greased fingers but he was taking too long for John's liking. John sat up and grabbed it out of his hands, tearing it open with his teeth. He leaned back and very slowly began rolling the condom down, enjoying the tortured look on the desperate man’s face. He reached over for the bottle of lube and began leisurely drizzling a line of cold slick up the detective’s searing cock, giving back a little of the exquisite torture he’d been suffering while buying himself a moment to regain some composure.
“Fifteen, sixteen, seventeen!” John knew that even if he was allowed to, he wouldn’t be able to come with just the friction of the bedsheets. He was dying to touch himself, or better yet, for Sherlock to wrap those gorgeous hands around his cock and let him-  SMACK- the lash took him by surprise. “EIGHTEEN!”
hooray, it's finally thursday!  sorry to tease... maybe i should have mentioned that this one was a bit of a slow burn. but don't worry! i think it's going to be well worth the wait. thank you so much for reading, leaving kudos and comments! xo
Just as he was losing consciousness, Sherlock said quietly, “I once wished very much to become a vampire.”
They stepped through the creaking doors together. John immediately noticed a drop in temperature. He then observed that the staircase was crumbling, seemingly beyond repair in parts, and descending at least two stories below ground. Before they made their way down the first flight he'd already lost sight of Sherlock rounding a corner, always four strides ahead with his impossibly long legs. John followed him with a bit more caution, which he considered quite warranted for what he was certain the imminent collapse of the entire building. He tried to imagine the immaculate Sherlock seeking this place out for refuge, or even recreation, and found it nearly impossible. As he turned the corner to another, somehow more decrepit stairwell, he began to hear the catchy chorus of a show tune that he vaguely recognized. And then, as his eyes adjusted to the dimness and flashing lights emanating from the door behind her, he noticed Sherlock lithely folding himself into the embrace of one of the most intimidating and gorgeous women he’d ever seen in real life. [Well, he did try to warn me... I guess that answers some questions, too. But I can’t believe the bastard had the audacity to tell ME to lay off the women. Christ, aren’t I just the idiot thinking that I could ever be in his league.]
Taking a deep breath, John moved himself up, sitting tall on his knees. He lined himself up as though to bear down on Sherlock, but at the last minute he shifted just so the shaft tucked in between his glutes instead of entering him. Sherlock screamed out in protest, then in lust as John raised and lowered his hips, squeezing his muscles so that they gripped Sherlock tightly. But it was torment for him as well. After only a couple of passes over his entrance, he couldn’t tease any more. He slid up, shifted forward, and as he gradually bore down onto Sherlock—finally-- he cried out at the fullness, the completeness. He tried to move slowly at first, giving himself time to adjust, but neither of them could hold back for long.
