He decided to get familiar with the house and walked through it, apart from Sarah’s and, of course, Steve’s rooms. He took his time, careful not to tire himself out so early in the day.
“I got my memory, that’s for sure. You’re a hard one to forget. I couldn’t walk straight for a week afterwards,” he said, smirking. Neither Dugan nor Steve reacted. “And I’ve got my word and that’s worth a lot round these parts.”
“What? Him? He’s known for being—” He didn’t know if he could and should go on. How was that even possible?
Dugan got out of the car and headed inside, going straight for the booth where they had been and freezing when he saw that it was empty. He turned around, looking for them, looking for Natalia’s deep red hair but he didn’t see either of them.
“You got it, love.” He leaned in for another minute of slow kissing. He knew he wouldn’t be gone long but his brain was already in holiday mode. He was already miles away in their cottage, the fire going, hot drinks in their hands, bundled up together on the couch while Steve listened to Tony read to him. It was so close he could almost feel the warmth of the fire on his cheeks.
“Rogers,” Natalia said in her deep voice, her eyes flickering quickly to Tony and she offered him the warmest smile she had.
Steve was putting his jacket on when James approached him, which still put Dugan on edge but not because he didn’t trust the man—he knew James and Steve were childhood friends, he himself was on good terms with James—but because he was infinitely scarier than Steve.
They carried the trays of dessert and drinks out to the living room where Benni was glued to the radio and listening as if his life depended on it.
Clint laughed. “You’ll get used to them. She’s scary but just as soft. Softer actually. You should see her around her girlfriend. She turns into a pile of mush,” he said fondly, missing Natalia. He hadn’t seen her in a couple days. “Alright, I’ll give him some time and no, but I’d assume it’s about their, uh, prisoner.”
“I know,” Steve said, covering Tony’s hand with his own and then bringing it to his lips to kiss the knuckles. “But I love you more.”
on scene like Steve was but Bucky was a certified fire investigator and had an inborn skill for sniffing out arsonists that OFI had been trying to poach for years but he wasn’t ready to resign himself to a mostly desk job just yet. Or ever, if he was being honest.
“He doesn’t even know your name, Steve. Or who Sarah is. What else does he not know? Does he know you're blond?”
Tony repeated with a scoff. “What is this? Canada?” He nudged Steve and grinned. “That’s all you’re going to give me, right? I’ll just have to wait a whole month before I get to see it?”
James had thought of at least seven ways to kill Howard instantly using a knife while Tony spoke but he understood his concerns. He pointed to Steve and said, “Then perhaps there is nothing for me to teach you. Right now.” If Tony wanted to learn to use a knife later, he would be willing to teach him.
In front of the building, the two men spoke to Pepper, welcoming her back and then continuing in Gaelic. They obviously thought she was a beautiful girl and Pepper didn’t seem to mind the attention they were giving her, seeing as she winked at them and gave them her sweetest smile.
James remembered Clint couldn’t hear him. Did Bakuto not know? Or was this all just some extraordinarily cruel form of torture for them both—James could hear Clint but Clint couldn’t hear him and, if James knew anything about Bakuto, he probably hadn’t even told Clint who was on the other end of the call.
Tony was nowhere near done with the sandwiches when the door was opened and three men stepped in. Why did he expect him to come alone?
James was well aware of Clint’s tendency to have bad days even before Bakuto. Between his wartime experiences and his childhood, Clint’s life had not been without its fair share of badness. And badness was putting it lightly.
They finished packing around noon, Dmitri helping them to load the suitcases into the car when he came to update James on some matters of which he had been taking care. He left again not long after, needing to tend to some situation at one of the businesses James owned that he assured James wasn’t anything to worry about.
“Abusive drunk.” When Steve raised his eyebrows, James continued. “One of my men lives not far from him. He has complained about the yelling. Stark told him in no uncertain terms to go fuck himself. Only reason he’s still alive is because I know he's on your payment route.” Steve snorted.
Rationally he knew that healing mentally and emotionally, as well as physically, was the main goal here but Clint was a guy with a very attractive partner and he wanted to do hot and steamy things with that partner and not have to worry about Tony’s minor-aged brother hearing it or Steve’s mother. Sure, Tony had said Benni knew to knock but knocking was not going to save him from hearing James and Clint’s bed knocking against the wall.
different from ours,” Clint said, grateful because that would make getting lost a lot harder. “Yeah… I was worried about… spacing. I’m—I can be, uh, loud.” He felt his cheeks warm and he glanced up toward the stairs, wondering what James and Steve were taking so long for. “Can I have some water?”
“Don’t get upset please. You have school and you’re doing so well. Plus, Nat and Maria will visit plenty. You’ll have
“A puppy? James? A lot has happened, apparently,” he said with a small chuckle and finished his bread roll. “If you promise he’s nice, I’ll give it a shot.”
Once Steve was in the bathroom, Tony headed downstairs and helped set the table. He talked with Benni and Sarah but his focus was on Steve. Especially when he saw him tired and damp-haired standing there.
“Clint has been taken. As well as someone he cares about,” James said, when Loki was able to focus on them again, gesturing to Steve. “And I’m pretty sure you know more about who took them than you let on the last time I was here.”
Clint hummed as he held James and James felt his eyes getting heavy. He blinked a few times, about to close them when Clint’s humming turned to singing.
“My home is not public knowledge for safety reasons,” he explained to Tony, now just the two of them. They walked the long corridor and came into another basement. This one was more of a gameroom complete with a pool table, dart boards, comfortable-looking couches and a shelf with books and board games. There was a chess table in the other corner that looked well-used. It was Steve’s favorite game.
Steve couldn’t keep him long when he delivered unless he wanted Tony or his brother to get a beating. He couldn’t visit the deli as often as he wanted either lest anyone start getting any ideas. Either that he’d gone soft or worse—that they’d discover what he was.
It was such a small touch but it made all the difference to Tony. It made focusing on the movie much more difficult. Every now and then when he reached into the box of popcorn, his and Steve’s hand would brush against each other. It was an accidental touch. Even smaller than his knee against his thigh. So small but so warm. A warmth that spread through Tony’s body once again. A warmth that Steve caused. Fuzzy, fluttering, comfortable, safe.
“Oh he’s eager to learn. Didja know he hadn’t a clue who you were at dinner the other night? Ma told him later.” James’ eyes bugged and he almost choked on his own spit.
“Edward Stark. Delivering sandwiches for Mr Dugan and Mr Rogers,” he said quickly and the men opened the door for him, telling him where he needed to go—inside and then to the kitchen and from there to the dining area, set the sandwiches down on the table in there—and so he went.
And then he realized he could really only see out of one eye. A flash of dread and panic washed over him, wondering if he was permanently blinded but he carefully inspected the eye and realized it was just swollen shut and as sore as the rest of him.
When he woke up he felt quite disoriented. His head was hurting and his throat was dry. If he was totally honest he barely remembered the drive back, walking to the house or any of it. Tony got up and folded the blanket neatly. It was already dark outside but that didn’t have to mean anything since it was still the middle of winter. While watching the streets outside Tony got lost in his thoughts again, barely hearing a knock on his door.
“I stare at him every free minute of the day. Even while he sketches or reads,” Tony added, more to himself than to Clint, before getting up to get a glass of water for himself. The sooner they got them out of there, the better.
nerd boy, I have a very scientifically-based theory I’d like to test first. A way to help you sleep.” James grinned and waited and Clint snaked his hand down between them, gently pushing James over onto his back and then reaching to slide his hand under his sleep pants.
pulled it off, that is. Forensics didn’t find squat and said chances of me finding anything else were slim to none. Showed their stupid asses,” she grumbled, crossing her hands over her chest.
Clint was standing there, shirtless, his hair a bird’s nest on top of his head, and lips parted. He was just staring at James.
It was a companionable silence, though. It still seemed too intense for Clint but Tony’s presence made it slightly more palatable. When he had been alone, the silence was too much.
“Mr Rogers, sir, I know Dugan just hung up but you wanted to know when Howard was out for the day. That would also be today, sir.”
And they still didn’t know if they were being kept separate. The last thing he wanted was for Tony to be going through all of this on his own. To not know why he was taken. He hadn’t even been given the opportunity to talk to Steve like Clint was. Granted, Clint hadn’t even been able to hear James. That must’ve hurt.
“Has Tony said anything to you? About their time with Bakuto?” James’ hand went to the dog tags around his neck while he spoke.
“You don’t have to do it alone. I know that’s grand coming from me but I don’t want to hurt you more.”He hugged Steve, resting his cheek on his sweaty chest. There wasn’t anything else he could say, so he focused on hugging Steve until he felt him relax some.
James plopped down beside him, taking the seat that was previously Tony’s after he too had greeted Sarah, and Benni properly.
When Tony sat, she moved closer to him when he left space between them and she wrapped her arms around him, pulling him over until he was almost in her lap like a small child. She rested her head on top of his and made a happy sound.
“An Irish wedding? Who’s getting married?” Steve asked, his eyebrows pulling together in confusion as he tried to remember. Had Tony told him about this already? “Dugan’s?”
“Thank you,” he smiled, appreciating how supportive Steve was of anything he needed. “Anything?” he asked, challenging, now grinning a little. “What if I asked for a car?”
Steve didn’t come to dinner, which was unfortunate because Tony didn’t see him all day and he really wanted to. He told himself that it was to talk to him about all the money his mother spent on him and Beniamino. That didn’t seem appropriate since he wasn’t doing anything to earn his keep. Sure, that was one reason why he wanted to talk to Steve. The other reason was because he simply wanted to.
“I actually prefer spring and autumn. Winter’s a definite no—it’s just too cold here for anyone’s good—and summer, well… this Irish skin,” he said, lifting his forearms, his shirt sleeves rolled to his elbows, “does not do well in the sunlight.” He chuckled. “I don’t tan, I just burn. What about you?”
He rounded the corner, now pressed against the short side of the building, noticing the car that was parked in front of the building. If only he knew how to break into a car and drive it. That would make things so much easier.
Seeing as neither of them were bed bound like Steve he invited them over to talk to him and they accepted gladly. The bandages had been changed and wounds looked at. That only left food for them on Tony’s list. It had been a long day and Tony felt the weight of everything on his shoulders. Before he could focus on that or exhaustion he headed off to get food for them, giving the men some time alone with Steve.
“Taking it apart and putting it back together kind of thing?” Tony asked, watching Steve. How did he even sit with a gun on him?
Tony chuckled weakly. He was done eating for now and saved the rest for later. His craving for vegetables or a nice chicken broth soup was intense. Something warm and delicious. Dinner with the family, then after dinner time with Steve. “So, you live with James?”
They left the store separately, Steve first. He and Dugan exited the same way, accompanied by another employee who was just over the moon to show Mr Rogers out after a hefty purchase. Steve clutched the shopping bag close to him, almost afraid of losing it. It was perfect. It was exactly what he wanted. Sure, it was a little flashy but if he couldn’t show Tony off the way he wanted, he’d give Tony something
Every week the head of the Irish mob, Mr Rogers, would tip him. Every week he’d say it was for Tony only. And Tony made sure to hide the money with whatever he managed to steal from the register when Howard wasn’t around. The box in the corner under the bed he was sharing with his brother was finally filling up with some good money. At this rate he could soon make plans to run away with him. That was,
Tony couldn't bring himself to look at Steve, too scared of whatever it was that happened earlier, would happen again. He topped up his tea while he answered.
For a split second Tony wanted to asked about Steve’s body count. If he ever took real pleasure in it. But one look at the man and he knew he didn’t. No one with a heart as soft as Steve’s could enjoy that kind of thing.
It was interesting talking to Tony. His reactions to things weren’t what Clint expected. The way he spoke reminded him that Tony was only nineteen.
“You—” James paused, tilting his head to the side to listen to the hallway beyond the closed door. He pressed his lips together tightly.
“Real funny,” he teased and Benni giggled, taking the peach crayon instead and drawing a stick figure, then the yellow for Steve’s hair and blue for his eyes.
It was only then that he noticed Steve’s smile and for some inexplicable reason it made Tony feel embarrassed. Why was he so excited about this? He cleared his throat and put down his coat.
He listened for someone—anyone—and headed towards the heavy breathing he could hear coming from upstairs. He rounded the corner into a room and stopped dead. Tony was on the bed, beaten black and blue, and Steve was so angry he almost didn’t register the scene in front of him.
“It’s ok,” Clint said comfortingly, “I get it. If you wanna let it out, I’m the last person who’ll judge you for it.” He looked away, feeling the surge of emotion in himself and blinking back tears. “I don’t want to die in here either.”
. Holding Tony now grounded him, helped remind him why nothing else mattered. If what he was and how he felt was wrong, he didn’t care. He was worth being wrong. “You’re still mine,” Steve said, pressing a kiss into his hair.
, come with me.” Tony pointed to himself just to make sure she was talking to him. “Come on then. We’ll be in the library,” she said and Tony tried to think of something that he might have done to upset her. He didn’t want to upset Sarah.
Steve approached slowly, unsure, and crouched down in front of Tony, keeping his voice low and speaking slowly. “What do you need?” he asked him.
Steve met his eyes when Tony looked down and Steve moaned around him, making Tony almost convulse. He did it again and Tony’s fingers dug into the bedding. Steve was helping himself almost as much as he was Tony, unable to remember a time when he was this turned on.
Steve pushed the door open to see Clint sitting on the floor, red in the face, his eyes shiny with tears. He went over to him, crouching down.
Tony took Steve’s hand and watched him stare at the wall as if all the answers to every question ever was there.
Steve tossed him on the bed and tugged Tony’s pants off, then his shirt, and then kicked off his own into a corner, shutting the door. They were both grateful Rhodey was on a date with Captain Danvers from Firehouse 21 so they had the whole place to themselves.
After dinner he got his brother ready for bed, they brushed their teeth, he read him another chapter in his book and kissed him goodnight before heading back downstairs with his own book. It was then that he noticed he hadn’t seen a television in this house yet and somehow he preferred it this way.
Tony felt extremely grateful for Dugan and at the same time he hated how everyone seemed to be able to read him. "Thank you," he said honestly. He looked to Steve and gave his hand a gentle squeeze. They had leads, people to weed out.
Steve chewed his bottom lip, sighing, not breaking eye contact. This was so much harder than he thought it would be. “No,” he said again. “I’ll stay here another two days. Three at the most and then I have to go back. There’s… a lot I’ll need to do myself.”
Falsworth laughed. “Doesn’t matter. You’ll never be accepted. You’ll always have to carry on your unnaturalness in the shadows. Doesn’t it bother you? Knowing you weren’t made right? That you’re a fucking
“I am now,” he answered and put his other hand on Steve’s as well. “How are you feeling?” He asked softly, looking at his face, at the bandages and band-aids. He was alright. He would heal.
“Yeah, Sarah doesn’t know.” Tony smiled and kissed his cheek softly. “You’re not ungrateful, I get that you’re bored. I’m just at a loss here, okay?”
“And that’s how you met the person who owns the diner?” Tony asked, tapping his finger on his mug. “Maybe I’ll come hang out one night. Not anytime soon but one day for sure.” There was no way he’d go there if Clint wasn’t there. “Can I ask what people talk about if they’re not even drinking?”
Steve looked over at Clint and gave him a nod, turning back to Tony. “Shall I carry you, love? Or are you still awake enough to walk?”
. Everything’s fine.” He smiled and got himself and Benni ready for bed. They went through their usual evening routine and Tony even managed to read him half a chapter of his book before he told him good night and gave him a kiss.
One of Winter’s men approached him and whispered in his ear. Winter sighed and cracked his knuckles, finishing his drink. He turned to Cap, a hand on his shoulder and a sincere smile on his face. Cap matched it.
“Well it wasn’t until you were already with him that I began to notice. The secret touches and looks, the blushes and just the way you were after being around him.” She smiled. “Doesn’t take much to realize something’s up.”
“The more I drink,” Tony told him with a laugh and though that wasn’t how Steve would have phrased it, it had the same effect and he smiled. Especially when he thought about the two glasses of wine Tony had had tonight and the half-full glasses they’d left in the living room.
James held out his hand and Clint took it, holding on tightly, and they headed out of his office. There was a quiet gasp from behind them and James considered not stopping but Clint did, turning around to see Fitz standing there, wide-eyed and mouth open. His eyes were focused on their intertwined fingers and then they slowly made their way up to Clint’s face.
“It’s not like that. If you think I deserved protection from my dad, he does too,” Steve said firmly, leaving no room for negotiation.
,” James muttered in Russian, dragging a hand down his face and sighing. “Steve got shot for loving men, for being what we are. Half or more of his men know by now and they’re not going to take it well. This is not something that will blow over by the weekend. He’s—” He cut himself off. There was no point in telling Tony the odds. It would only scare him more and decrease his functional levels, James assumed. “I don’t give a fuck what he said, Steve’s scared and the fact that you don’t know that speaks volumes so no, I don’t need to know your life story. This was enough.”
“Yeah? And you’re smiling. Better stop before they revoke your Russian citizenship,” Steve retaliated, both of them erupting into laughter as they stumbled their way together into the kitchen.
James walked in with his key and found Sarah in the kitchen and told her what happened. They walked through and got Tony from his office and all piled into James’ car, heading to the hospital.
Clint felt the guilt wash over him now as the weight of his words sunk in. He hadn’t intended to say that out loud. Yes, it
sound and Clint beamed proudly. “Dmitri taught him that. Here, he likes to be scratched behind his ears.”
“You don’t need to apologize. I can buy ma ten more cups and she’ll never notice one missing. Not that she cares anyway, I’m sure.” He moved closer. “And I’m sure they
“Clint hasn’t been back here since he’s been home. I assumed it would have been the first place he’d come to once—this is where they took him,” James realized much too late. He’d always known they’d taken him from the bar but it hadn’t clicked until now that that was why Phil was still in charge around here and Clint hadn’t so much as come to say hi to anyone.
Howard was being held against the wall by a familiar face, a knife to his throat. James turned to Steve.
Maria looked at all the knives on the wall and then to the one in Natalia’s hand. She looked back at James and stood a little straighter, as if trying to make herself seem tougher. James and Natalia both did their best not to coo at her innocence.
Without turning on the lights Tony sat on the couch that was facing outside and watched the snow fall silently. When he moved to stretch his legs he noticed a blanket. Had that been always been there? ‘Always’ meaning the last twenty-four hours, since Tony himself hadn’t been there too long. He wrapped himself in the blanket, ignoring the throbbing in his left arm and continuing to watch the world outside.
Steve took Tony’s hand and nodded. “The man behind it all, we have him. James and I have… unfinished business with him but we’re all safe. It’s over,” Steve promised.
Once he made sure that he could maintain a straight face again, he went back to the kitchen. Sarah had her hands on her sides and scoffed.
“I’m glad you’re back,” he sighed and helped Clint sit up. “For a minute I thought I’d never see you again. And would you believe that all I could think about was how I’ll never get to see you clean-shaven and in decent clothes?”
,” he added, his eyes on the door again, “this isn’t the first time they’ve come after me. They tried in the summer, too. I think if we got you out, they’ll search but at least they won’t kill me.”
“You know I always do,” Tony said, a little offended but it only served to highlight just how much Rhodey cared about his friend. “I guess this is why you didn’t want me and your firehouse mixing, huh?” he asked, attempting to lighten the mood.
He liked Tony. A lot. But he still couldn’t help but wonder if this date hadn’t been just the slightest bit boring.
“Hey,” Steve said as he pulled away and rolled out of the bed, going over to the desk in the corner of the room and opening the drawer. “I have something for you. Something I thought you might like. Might want.”
Steve pulled off of him but kept kissing and licking around him as Tony was coming down, and only a few minutes later, Steve himself came, quicker than he had in years and it was so good watching Tony watch him.
James was sitting at his desk but he moved to the couch and motioned for Steve to join him on the one across from it. James crossed his legs and raised a hand to his face, resting his lips on his fingers as if willing himself to go about this calmly.
, Rogers,” Falsworth spat. “To think I’ve spent all these years working under some vile beast of a man.”
Once the car had pulled out of the alley and onto the street, James gently guided Clint down so his head rested on James’ thigh. He ran his fingers through his hair, scratching lightly, massaging his ears, stroking his fingers along his cheek and jawline. He knew Clint craved physical touch. As much as he could get or give was what he liked and James certainly did not feel put out doing this for Clint.
“I will hold you to that. It was nice seeing you.” Sarah excused herself and went upstairs to her bedroom.
” in the softest way ever. When had he managed to pick that up from Maria? How much did he remember, Tony wondered.
Steve was lying on his back now, his eyes closing but he kept trying to keep them open. He reached for the blanket that he felt hit his elbow and pulled it towards him, listening to Tony. “Mm, ‘s comfortable an’ warm. Safe,” he mumbled.
“I’m not sad.” Clint opened his mouth to protest but James continued. “I just don’t want to lose you again. Not ever. Not for a day, or an hour, or even a few minutes.”
Tony hummed in thought, almost forgetting to answer Clint’s question. “Steve works out but not during the day randomly. There's something about him lately… I don’t know if I should ask him.”
Tony went back downstairs and shortly after him Steve came in. His hair was perfectly styled and even though he was in casual clothes, he looked neat. There was no evidence of his sleepy, snoring, ruffled-hair self left.
“Because you have to heal? And you’re not able to do things?” Tony asked. It made sense. Steve was a very hands-on busy man who didn’t have a lot of downtime. “You’re going to be back at work sooner than you know. Can’t you at least try and enjoy some rest?”
He wrapped his arm around him as tightly as he could and turned his head to press a kiss to his temple and hold it there.
So no, Steve wasn’t taking home the award for most surprising backstory but until now Tony had forgotten just how nice being on a date with a nice, normal person was until now.
. Everything will be taken care of.” She held his hand and gave it a small but reassuring pat. Even though she meant well, Tony felt awful and heavy. He couldn’t hold still while strangers were walking around him, touching him, turning him and measuring every inch of his body. At one point Sarah stopped them and told them to continue with Benni while she looked around with Tony. She didn’t mention how jumpy Tony was, how he couldn’t trust those people, didn’t make him feel bad for his stern and sad face. Nothing. She simply held up different undershirts to see which one might fit him and used his good arm to carry everything.
James dragged another hand down his face and laughed sadly. “I love you, Steve. I always have.” Steve felt faint.
Natalia knew Clint better than anyone and today, James was finally feeling the full impact of his jealousy over that fact. Normally he was just happy that there was someone out there who understood Clint and from whom he could get advice on how to be a better partner in his relationship with him. Right now, he sorely wished that
It had been months since their serial arsonist had done anything. At least anything they could definitively assign to him. Maybe almost getting caught that day had spooked him. They knew they were naive to hope it had scared him enough to set him straight but the last few months had been a relief to everyone even if it did mean the case went cold.
“Here’re your pies,” the guy said, handing Steve the three pizza boxes. Sam gave him the money and then he handed Sam another box full of garlic knots.
James felt a chuckle go out of him against his will. Curse Steve and his ironclad memory. Though after a moment he was all hard lines and frowns again. “Doesn’t mean I should’ve let him stay. It was selfish and—”
Steve knew he found Tony physically appealing but what had initially attracted him in a noticeable way was that unwavering strength. That ability to keep going despite seeing no way out, making one for himself and even with the situation removed, Tony still had that air about him.
Steve sat at his desk until the early hours of the morning, tapping his pen against his chin, lost in thought. How was he supposed to help if his help hurt? Maybe Tony didn’t even
Again Tony had spent a night wide awake, unable to sleep. Whenever he closed his eyes he could see Howard— memories from when he was younger, when Maria was still alive, then when he started drinking, started hurting Tony on a daily basis and finally when Tony had shot him in the face. Benni’s anxiety about having to go back had amplified Tony’s own feelings. He remembered very well what Steve had told him and maybe it was time to talk about it?
“The Irish want sandwiches. Now! You’re going to deliver them.” Tony stared at his father in disgust when he smelled his breath.
“Why should something that happens to everyone make you pathetic?” Steve asked, his voice casual despite being ever so slightly offended at the idea. He didn’t look at Tony, just kept handing him dishes to dry.
“No, I most certainly do not. And I never said you were using him, you inferred that.” James leaned against the counter, done with the dishes. He did not normally do them, he’d recently picked up the habit along with a few new friends.
“Dmitri is on his way to get you. Stay where you are. Call Maria and make sure she’s alright.” He hung up and called Steve as Dmitri headed out of the room.
“I can’t even begin to imagine. Steve has spoiled me in so many ways. I got carried away and too used to being safe because of him.” He reached up to wrap his hand around the dog tags only to find nothing there again. Out of frustration and hunger he couldn’t think of anything else to ask or say. His face felt sore and he just knew he had a black eye now.
Tony got his pants undone and then worked on his own but he only got the belt open and zipper undone before Steve’s hands pushed his out of the way as he broke the kiss for the moment.
Moments later the door was thrown open and then men were stalking towards him frantically and he couldn’t understand what was going on. Was that it? Had they decided enough was enough and they were just going to kill him? Well, Clint Barton would not be going gentle into that good night.
“I don’t know why you’re doing any of this and by now I’m indebted to you more than I could ever pay you back but, Mr Rogers, sir, thank you. For taking care of my brother and me.”
Steve and he sat in the back of the car and his free hand was wrapped around Steve’s dog tags that were now back around his neck. There was an uneasiness inside of him even though he was safe as could be. The outside world simply seemed to be even less trustworthy than before and Tony couldn’t wait to get back to the place where he was allowed to heal and be taken care of.
“It’s not some deadly disease or the end of the world, ya know?” She crossed her legs again and folded her hands neatly. “Is it someone I know? One of Steve’s men?” She kept her voice low and spoke in his direction. Tony appreciated it very much and it took some of the pressure off his chest.
“Let me,” Rhodey said, coming into the room and pushing Tony down a little so he could see over his head better. Rhodey picked up his brush and with a few random movements, he was done and, somehow, it was perfect. “That ok?”
Steve didn’t understand but he made a mental note to find out later. He released Tony’s arm and tried again, his voice sincere. “Thank you, Tony.” He pointed to the hand holding the money and said sternly, “
Steve sighed, the first thought running through his head that that wasn’t entirely fair but he quickly dismissed it.
“I’m aware that it sucked. Ignore that part and let’s skip ahead to you telling me about yourself. So, you’re a mechanic?”
Tony, who was left all alone suddenly, was honestly anxious about Clint getting dragged out of the room like that. He spent even more anxious minutes hoping that he would be alright. Not only because he was in this with him and it was bearable now that they were together, but because he didn’t want James to suffer.
do it.” The alcohol burned in one of the fresher wounds, making him move away from the touch of those big, warm hands. Under all the bruises, scars and wounds Tony’s skin was flushed, his heart not wanting to calm down either.
“What about Clint? Is he gonna be able to leave soon? I don’t…” He wanted to say that he didn’t want Clint to be alone when he remembered that James and Dmitri were there too. Still, it felt wrong to leave Clint.
“I wouldn’t mind you helping me up,” Clint said and Steve grabbed his hand to pull him up and steady him, putting most of his weight on his good foot.
“Did you, um,” he said, opening his eyes to find James watching him with an emotion Clint had never really seen on anyone’s face before. It made him stammer. “I… Uh.” James smiled. “Did you get him? The man behind it all?”
Lucky’s head lifted, one ear raised, and then he was on his feet, tail wagging, as he went to greet his other dad.
Judging by the look in Tony’s eyes, Clint and he were thinking the same thing—this was it. They were no longer going to be of use or that man who had made Clint phone James was tired of waiting and would look for a new way to get what he wanted.
Steve started doing the washing up and without being asked, Tony came to help. A part of him was appreciative of how easily Tony and Benni helped out. Another part of him was disgusted by how they just wordlessly went to work, assuming it was their job.
“Love? You alright?” he asked, his voice gentle, trying to keep from alarming Tony as he entered the bathroom.
She headed upstairs when she didn’t find him anywhere else and she pushed the door open to see him sleeping. She didn’t bother him, happy he was finally resting despite knowing full well if he was in his right frame of mind he wouldn’t still be asleep at three in the afternoon.
Since the other man couldn’t hear him and there was no light, which meant he couldn’t read his lips either, Tony got up and slowly walked to the other mattress and found Clint’s arm. Despite him flinching and pulling his arm back, Tony stayed calm. He waited a few seconds and reached out his hand to touch Clint’s shoulder. By now he must have realized that it was Tony and not someone else.
“Should we set the table?” James asked, looking at Tony since he was normally in charge of that job, if James remembered correctly. He pointed at himself and Steve, he wasn’t asking Tony or Clint to do any work.
So it came as a surprise to learn that the one thing he did well and truly hated about being in a relationship with Clint were the days like these. He didn’t hate comforting him, he didn’t hate reassuring him or showering him in love, he just
Steve laughed, momentarily forgetting all about his troubles. “Is it?” He kissed him again. “Hadn’t noticed. Let me just—” Another kiss “—confirm that.” Two more kisses. “He may have a point, ya know, but I’ll need a lot more test trials to be sure.” He grinned down at him but looked towards the clock on the wall that chimed. “We should probably get down for dinner before ma comes burstin’ in here. I haven’t spoken to her yet.”
“This is just you being salty and petty because I said you couldn’t date Bruce’s cousin Jennifer. I just didn’t want you getting your feelings hurt. She likes desk-jockey types,” Tony defended, popping a piece of broccoli into his mouth and chewing petulantly. “You know, IT nerds like her cousin.”
He considered arguing but figured there was no point in it other than to be an ass so he stood and went with Tony to the couch, still as tense. He couldn’t bring himself to meet Tony’s eyes, afraid he would see whatever James saw in his. He just wanted a little happiness.
“I did and I will. Whatever you want. Or whatever you want for Pepper,” he agreed, pinching Tony’s thigh playfully.
Tony asked, wiggling his almost naked body on the bed. Steve let out a sharp exhale, so turned on by Tony and he reached down to pull off that last barrier between himself and Tony’s gorgeous body, admiring him.
When Howard didn’t come home that night Tony was on edge. It never meant anything good when he didn’t come back. Though there was always the small chance he got hit by a car and died. Or mugged and killed. Or maybe angered someone he shouldn’t have and got shot. One could only dream.
“What a silly question. When you’re in love you know it.” She shook her head. Tony was not happy with her answer and she knew it. “Fine, I’ll play along.” She turned to face him, sitting less gracefully now. “Imagine ya boilin’ water for potatoes. How do ya know when the water’s hot enough?”
Steve went straight to Tony, wrapping his arms around his waist from behind and bending to press a kiss to his head, looking into the oven.
Once he kissed his brother good night, tucked him in and turned off the lights, he left the room through the door leading to his but he didn’t want to leave Sarah with all the cleaning up either.
When he wasn’t at home with Sarah and Benni, who had taken to him better than he expected, he was at the hospital with Tony. When he wasn’t in either of those places and also not working, he was with Howard and James. James was mainly there to keep Steve from killing him. James was very familiar with what the human body looked like on the brink of death.
Tony smiled happily. There was a special joy that came from seeing people enjoying what he made. “Even better than James’ machine that can fly us to space?”
“Don’t worry about me, love. I’ll be safe, I promise. I’ll be there waiting for you. Whatever you have to do, do it. But know this: I’ll gladly run away with you. Live somewhere far away. In a cottage in Ireland. Or make wine in Italy somewhere in a small village? I wouldn’t mind either.” He spoke with a small smile and kissed Steve’s cheek. It felt warm under his lips.
“I can see why,” Tony said and looked at all the books. He could spend a lifetime reading and he’d probably still not be done with the amount of books in this house. “It’s absolutely beautiful.” And it reminded him of his own new bedroom.
Tony pulled away while still smiling even though his heart was breaking. Steve would never want him. And why should he? Tony of all people? He wanted to laugh. Cry. Yell. But instead he smiled.
?” He said, holding a notepad and James put in a breakfast order for his chef downstairs. Dmitri nodded and headed off.
Steve gestured without any real meaning, stammering even with his hands it seemed. “I’m so far out of my element.”
to frighten Clint. He couldn’t help the reaction he had to people upsetting Clint. It felt ingrained in him.
“I’ll leave the curtains open while you nap.” He nodded, closing his eyes and already drifting off to sleep.
“It’s fine,” Steve said quickly before he made the dog move, “that’s not what I came back down for.”
Tony sat up straight and looked at Steve. He started several sentences but no sound came from his mouth. “But—” He looked at the papers in front of him. “That’s—” His heart almost stopped beating when he did the math in his head. “That…” He wrote down the number but it did nothing to help him clear his mind. “But... why?” He asked, completely out of breath and unable to move, the pencil still in his hand.
“I know I shouldn’t be listening but I just wanted to say that I also think it’s very sweet,” Maria said from where she was standing by a painting on James’ wall. She knew she recognized it and was trying to figure out what famous painter it was without asking.
One of James’ men came in and whispered something to him and James excused himself, telling Tony it was a pleasure to meet him.
“I have no problem with you chaining me to this bed,” he said, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. He tried to sit up and winced. “Okay, that hurt.”
Clint went silently this time around. They tossed him onto the floor and he caught himself just in time to save himself from a painful face plant onto the concrete.
They hadn’t been together in this house for nearly two months. For awhile he wasn’t even able to see Steve. He couldn’t touch him. And now they were back together at home.
He had been up and down a lot lately, more downs than ups unfortunately. He knew James was probably getting tired of it even if he would never say that or even let it show on his face. He had to have been! Who
Steve eyed Tony, quiet again, and then Dugan. He made a gesture and Dugan held out his hand for the money and Tony obeyed. Dugan counted it out and said, “Ten dollars.” Steve reached out and swapped it for another roll in a different pocket and gave it to Tony.
Tony pushed himself up to look at Steve. When that didn’t seem enough he sat up and crossed his legs underneath him. “I’m never doing that again. We talked about this! I’m not going to leave you alone. Lock me in here but don’t ask me to do that again. One phone call a day isn’t enough! Send your ma and Benni away, but not me!” His voice was shaking again, now out of desperation and anxiety.
He took a moment to think back to waking up, noticing the curtains that weren’t open when he’d gone to sleep and then he remembered Tony’s voice. Sarah must’ve sent him up but he’d run out before Steve could get a proper look at him. Why?
Steve grinned too, catching Tony’s lips in a kiss before he answered. “So demanding,” he teased, kissing him again. “And yeah, I have a few.”
Tony let out a heavy sigh, feeling some of the burden fall from his shoulders. “They are probably very busy,” he said, his voice shaking.
“Antonio Edward Stark!” Tony flinched and was about to hide when he saw the red-haired girl who came running. “Stop right there!” She checked left and right before running across the street and basically tackling Tony in a hug. “Ma said she saw someone in the store. I knew it had to be you! Where have you been? I was so worried about you. Is your arm broken?” She cupped his face with her hands and kissed his forehead. “Thank god you’re okay.”
The next time he woke, it was too bright and he had to close his eyes again immediately. At least he was still warm and not hungry. He could handle anything under those circumstances. Finally, he decided to open his eyes and stare at the whiteness of the ceiling, trying to adjust before he could look around.
“So,” she started once she forced him to drink at least a third of his milkshake. “Wanna tell me what’s going on then?”
Tony felt everything at once. The heat, the love, the lust, but also the sadness, the longing, and the hurt. All those things that he kept thinking about during the weeks spent apart from Steve. Things he never thought he’d get to feel or do again. And yet here they were.
James led him downstairs and wrapped him up in blankets. Dmitri had already started a fire in the fireplace and the room was the perfect cozy temperature. James made Clint a mug of hot chocolate and, also changed into more comfortable clothing, curled up with him, pulling Clint against him again. James spoke, just talking about his day so far, leaving out details here and there because he had picked up Clint’s newly engraved watch this morning.
Natalia and Steve still had not formally met. When he came in, she was already there and he went straight for James, angry and stressed, to try and figure out what happened and it almost turned into a fight. Both of them were angry and hurting and scared even if they didn’t own up to it and Steve stormed in and shoved James who was just as distraught as Steve, demanding answers. Clint might have had a good ten years on Tony but that didn’t mean he didn’t have other disadvantages that Tony didn’t have.
“It is. And this is just the office. It’s a well-known safe space for people like us. You go out front and you’ll quickly pick up on that. Though I would advise against doing that. You’re more easily recognized than I am.”
“What’s wrong with looking nice?” James asked, much too innocently. Clint eyed him in the mirror reflection and turned to face him.
“A very nice woman in my neighborhood was robbed at gunpoint. By two of your men. Three of mine saw but were not able to apprehend them.”
Steve didn’t speak; he wasn’t there for that. Just to watch and see what his men might be missing, what the less experienced underlings might be trying to get away with when he sent them out instead of his best men.
of them were and it didn’t mean there weren’t still those in there only for the opportunity to report ‘indecent behavior.’ It wouldn’t be the first time it had happened.
He tipped his head back, staring at the ceiling, letting out a shaky exhale. “It’s… wonderful but at the same time incredibly hard to believe that you just… accept me as I am.”
James checked his pocket watch and then the papers on his desk again. The phone on the table rang and he answered, hanging up seconds later. He cracked his neck, twirling his knife between his fingers. “My ability to be in the same room as him won’t matter when I slit their throats,” James said casually, glancing up at her again, his eyes cold as ice. “No one messes with Steve.”
Tony flat out stared at Steve, wondering what he had ever done to end up right where he was. “No, I wouldn’t like that. I’d absolutely
With a blanket around his shoulders he sat on the couch, staring at the flames and listening to the crackling of the wood and the soft noises the flames made.
“And then you’ll still need to get used to putting weight on it again and getting around. I’d rather you be here close to a doctor I trust in case of anything for the first few days after you get the cast off.”
Steve turned to look at the clock. It was 8:45am. He wasn’t going to work today. He’d just decided and if Tony didn’t want to, he didn’t have to either. He told Tony this and waited for his response.
It was definitely more of a blessing than a curse for Steve and James to be able to recognize exactly what was being done to them. They had done it many times to others. Keeping them awake or at the very least, waking them periodically to disrupt their rest, most likely feeding them incredibly small amounts or not at all.
There was some stinging pain on his thigh from where Steve had slapped him and a sore spot where his nail had dug into Tony’s skin, not to mention that he felt every muscle in his lower back burn. But he felt absolutely amazing. “So good,” he repeated and closed his eyes again.
Clint didn’t turn, sure that it was Natalia or Dmitri and he just wasn’t in the mood for company but with them he knew they would understand that he still appreciated their presence.
“Lucky, the hearing aids, now this,” James listed without missing a beat. “Hell, I’m sure if I told you dinner tonight was a surprise you’d spend the next eight hours trying to make me tell you what it’s going to be.”
Steve paused in his movements and narrowed his eyes at Tony who was holding back a laugh. “Well,” he began, trying his best to imitate Tony, “why don’t you let me be the judge of that?”
Steve thought for a moment, grabbing more soap. He was trying to decide which portion to tackle first—the need for tactile affection in life or the more recent trauma. He decided to go in that order. “When was the last time you got a hug like that?” He asked, his voice quiet, his tone very neutral.
He’d had everything else that seemed important moved from the deli to the room he’d set up for Tony in his own house. His room was right beside Benni’s and a door connected them for easy access. It was a few doors down from Steve’s own room and across the hall from Sarah’s.
“Steve, obviously,” Benni laughed and Tony froze. Was Steve his big brother now? Was that how Steve saw him? As a little brother who came with an additional even younger little brother? Was that what they were? Why Steve was so comfortable around Tony? Why he wanted to talk to him? Help him?
“Maybe some jewelry. A solid gold watch. A ring,” Steve added, almost as an afterthought and he smiled imagining a world where he could buy Tony a ring to let everyone know whose he was.
The fact that Steve even remembered that and Tony had to think about what he could mean made him chuckle. That felt like it was ages ago. “No, it’s just something I worked out for Nella and Benni when they refused to sleep. Though with them it never took as long as with you.” As he spoke he lowered his voice and shifted to move his fingertips with feather light touches over the back of Steve’s neck.
“Hi there,” Tony greeted him with a cheeky grin. He knew he would find Steve there. “You should’ve helped your mother rather than waiting for me in the dark hallway.”
Tony had also given Douggie McLaughlin a sure yes. Steve had only given Seàn Murphy a pass and everyone else to the trash. The first three that Tony got rid of Steve completely agreed, they were too young and didn’t look like they could hurt a butterfly if it had a knife. The middle one couldn’t be trusted. Douggie, well… Steve had grown up with him in the neighborhood. He was a year younger but he’d always been a bully. A real asshat. He’d beat someone black and blue just for looking at him funny. He was an Irish Howard so
James got Clint situated in his chair at the table, pressed a kiss to the back of his head, and said, “I’ll be back, just going to get dressed and talk to Steve.”
“You alright?” He asked Steve who was panting. He was sure he’d torn a stitch but it was nothing he couldn’t fix on his own. He nodded and Dugan dragged the boy out to do away with him.
“So, we’re off firehouse grounds now. You’re my captain. I’m not about to get all up in your face in plain sight of everyone else. I respect you too much.”
“What good can possibly come from me telling Steve I’m in love with him?” He dragged a hand down his face. “We can never be together anyway because of who we are but more than that, I’m not the one
The phone was pressed to Clint’s ear forcefully and he winced, the cold, hard plastic slamming against his head. Clint looked up at the man and then said, “Hello?” He assumed it was James on the other end but how the hell was he supposed to hear? Did they really not know?
“Yes, of course.” He took his brother’s hand and headed for the exit. Quickly he bought a few chocolate covered strawberries and then they made their way back to Brooklyn.
Steve frowned, about to ask what he’d eaten today, feeling it was a lie or at least a half-truth but instead he went for another route. He wanted to know more about Tony. No one deserved what he was going through but still, he wanted to know what kind of person it was that he was getting himself involved with. “So, Tony. That short for Anthony?”
“Keep your arms here. Keep these muscles taut and your wrist like this,” he explained, positioning it and then his right hand slid back to press underneath Tony’s bicep with the palm of his hand. “Firmer,” he commanded and Tony obeyed.
Steve shook his head. He didn’t want to go home. He wanted their conversation to go on away from Tony and Clint. He didn’t want them hearing and James felt the same.
Steve took his words in, squashing the terrible feeling in his gut, and finished what he was doing in silence, focusing on doing the kind of good job for which his mother would give him that look of approval. He sniffed and stood, moving back and away from Tony, letting him put his shirt back on.
“Hello,” he said with a friendly expression, too tired to actually smile. “Just wanted to check in and see how you were doing.” He stood next to Dugan’s bed and looked at the bandaged arm. “You broke the same arm as me. Were you jealous of my amazing cast?” He joked lightly.
James responded in Russian and Steve’s tired brain couldn’t keep up with it but he assumed that was James’ intention.
“Pleasure’s all mine,” James said, lifting his glass to his lips, his eyes sliding to Clint as they had at every available moment all night. Clint looked amazing tonight and James honestly couldn’t wait to get home and appreciate him. “I do, however, have a favor to ask.”
They ate and chatted for a while, just catching up and exchanging funny stories. Natalia had a few more questions about their holiday to France and Maria had some questions about their house-sitting assignment.
“Just a little but not if you need me. Or even just want me,” James told him, serious. He wouldn’t be moving a single muscle if Clint decided he would rather have James at his side today. Screw work, Clint was his priority.
Steve sighed, pressing on Tony’s name and opening their messages, scrolling through them for a moment. They hadn’t texted since the day of their last date and that was last Friday. He hadn’t seen Tony in two days.
He was stacking boxes of candy—because Clint was the type of bar owner who could sell you a beer and a butterfinger all in the same place—when he heard something behind him fall. He turned to see a fist sailing towards him but ducked, his reflexes working much faster than his brain because
Sam sighed and rested a hand on Bucky’s shoulder. Bucky rolled his eyes but knew it was time for a less harsh approach. “What’s the problem?”
“What happened?” James asked again, not entirely prepared to ask a third time. At least, not nicely.
“I was in the neighborhood,” he said, slamming Howard forcefully against the wall when he dared to make a sound.
She crossed her arms over her chest and leaned lightly against James’ side. He was surprised, figuring that her roughness with him must not have been anything negative. Maybe she was nice to Steve because she
Steve came into the kitchen a few minutes later looking devastated. He stood there, staring towards the stairs that headed down to the basement. His eyes red around the blue. Sarah came back up stairs then and caught sight of her son stood there, tears in his eyes, not knowing what to say.
They were tipsy, warm, and a little giddy for no reason, both excited to see their fellas after a long, exhausting day. The alcohol in their systems helped alleviate the weight of their earlier discussion but they hadn’t forgotten their resolutions—to talk to Clint and Tony, to explain a little about what they were feeling and the worries they had.
Steve took the scrambled eggs out of the pan and put them into their plates. “Talk to me,” he said, handing Tony a plate while he brought over the toast and sat.
“Just one?” Clint asked and then said, seriously, “That night outside my bar. When those three mooks showed up. There’s no point in pretending that they wouldn’t have killed me if you hadn’t been there.”
In an effort to spend more time with Benni, he managed to talk himself into leaving the house. It wasn’t nice at first and it took everything he had not to run back to where he knew he was warm and safe. He couldn’t wait for the cold season to be over and for the sun to warm his skin again. Today they were going to visit Clint and Lucky before James took them on vacation as well. Unfortunately, Clint needed to be taken for a checkup on his leg, which meant they only saw them for a minute and then were left alone with the dog, who was more than happy for the change of company.
Steve exhaled shakily. “Tony,” he said, his voice clear and firm now, “you—you’re—I.” He shook his head, words weren’t important right now, just being here with Tony was. Remembering every detail about this moment in case he woke in the morning and Tony changed his mind or Steve realized he was dreaming. He pulled Tony into his arms, holding him securely, and he led him to the study, shutting the door behind them.
“Your manky coffee almost made him sick,” Steve cried, wiping his eyes. “We can’t go on living like this, my friend,” he told Falsworth.
Tony watched their interaction, grateful but also amazed that both of them were letting him in on this moment. He wanted to let them know that he could give them privacy but at the same time he could feel Clint’s hand still holding his, which was the only reason why he didn’t ask if he should go.
“Kissing is disgusting, eh? I’ll remind you of that when you have your first steady.” Tony grinned and pinched his brother playfully, making him squeal and giggle. “Or, you know, a boy steady. Your feelings are your feelings. And I’ll tell you what
“Not as much as I would’ve liked. A bit around Ireland. Apart from New York, I’ve seen Boston. Got distant relatives there. Maybe one day I’d like to do some more.” He knew better than to ask Tony considering his situation so instead he asked, “Ever been to Italy?”
“We learned about planets but I can’t remember the rhyme we learned but I like the planets,” Benni answered without looking up from the dog. He was petting him intently and it almost warmed Tony’s heart.
“He’s done well,” Steve said. “A quick learner.” James nodded as though he had expected as much and honestly, he had. “I think we should call it,” he told James, pointing with his head towards Tony who was now using the wall to support some of his weight, visibly tired.
” James said, leaning down to press another kiss to Clint’s forehead, lingering. “Now, what do you want to eat? Come in the kitchen with me?”
Steve shuddered in bed. It was the first time in a while that he felt disgusted by who he was. Not a mobster but rather who he liked. He’d enjoyed having his hair played with but had Tony enjoyed doing it? Had Steve…
off you.” He stopped, one more glance at Steve who didn’t seem to have changed his mind. “He’s being held in a place owned by me.”
“On your stomach, ass up,” Steve said. His pupils were blown solid black with the tiniest ring of sky blue around the edges, so lost in his desire for Tony.
Upstairs in his office, Steve opened the door. It felt like forever since he and Tony had been in there together, especially alone. He set Tony up at one of the couches and pulled the table closer for him which Tony looked like he wanted to protest and let Steve know he could do it himself but he stayed quiet and just frowned instead, making Steve smile.
Tony went to collect his clothes, straighten and put them where they belonged before going to take a shower to start the day fresh.
As silently as possible he headed out of the bedroom and closed the door, spotting Steve waiting for him in the hallway.
She wrapped her arms around his neck as loosely as possible, putting no weight on him to hug him. “I was so worried.” She kissed the side of his head and then pulled back. “I’m so glad you’re alright. And yes, Bakuto has been handled. He won’t be going anywhere.”
Steve brought his hand up to his face, pinching the bridge of his nose and exhaling. Dugan stood and went around to stand behind him, his hands coming down onto his shoulders and massaging roughly. Steve relaxed slightly.
As Steve poured himself a cup of coffee, complimenting Tony on the breakfast, they heard the front door open and shut. Steve being who he was grabbed his knife off the table, and held it in a defensive position until he saw his mother come around the corner.
“Because we’re done growing and you’re not,” Tony answered simply while drying the dishes. Steve had taken over for him and didn’t leave Benni’s side. “You can stay with us tonight, if you want,” he said, knowing very well that the boy would be asleep within minutes once they settled in the living room.
He hoped James would come back. There was a part of him that wished he didn’t love Tony. A part of him that wished he could’ve given his friend what he wanted, could’ve been what he wanted. There was a small part of him that still remembered what it felt like to be in love with James.
Tony tensed hearing Steve’s words. Not that. Anything but that. “Not yet,” he said and hid his face against Steve’s side. He’d rather hear more about a country he’d probably never see.
As he gently rubbed in the lotion on Clint’s thighs, he dropped to his knees, smiling up at Clint who was already on cloud nine after that bath, massage, and hair wash.
Tony sat across from him and Steve leaned forward, grabbing his sandwich. After a bite he looked at Tony weird before remembering he wasn’t Dugan.
“It’s fine. He shouldn’t be alone. None of Steve’s men will be there either. Everyone’s—” he cut himself off, clearing his throat. “I’ll be back.” He left the room without giving either of them the time to respond to him. He would wait for Benni to be done with school at Steve’s and bring him here and then he would check in from time to time but it still hurt to see Steve and even more now that he suspected Steve and Tony were together.
“My name is Tony,” he answered, just as quietly. Maybe Clint knew something he didn’t know and it was better to keep quiet.
The Don commented on Italian organized crime, glaring at Steve whom he still held a grudge for after the Irish had taken some of their territory by force a few years ago. Steve barely acknowledged his existence, staring at the wall behind his head. Most of the Don’s reports were boring and non substantial and James quickly ushered him on.
He got up again to make coffee for himself and Clint. The smell of it filled the kitchen and mixed together with the smell of cinnamon, apples, and the meat and vegetables cooking. It was warm and comfortable, what else did one need?
He watched Steve’s finger dance around the wine glass while he talked to his friend. He looked relaxed or so Tony liked to think.
“Hopefully,” he said, scooting closer to Clint so their breath mingled and James could touch their noses together before slowly moving in for another kiss. “Don’t you dare stay awake with me.”
Back at home he was greeted with a plate of freshly baked cookies, the smell of herbs and garlic, and long hugs from Benni and Sarah.
Steve trailed his finger down Tony’s chest to his thigh, making a little circle on it before going back up.
Steve exhaled heavily, dragging a hand down his face and wishing for Tony’s incredibly strong and perfectly made Italian coffee. “Queens is too damn big.”
“When I meet your brother,” Clint began, “how do I win him over? I’m generally good with kids—we have common interests—but I’m a little rusty.”
Back outside Steve helped him into his coat because Tony couldn’t raise his left arm enough. It was frustrating but also a nice gesture.
“What did you get up to?” Steve asked trying not to make it sound like he was demanding to know her whereabouts because he knew that would only get him a good telling-off.
Tony almost sighed when Steve flinched and tensed even more. That was the opposite of what he wanted to achieve.
“Dugan! Jones!” He called, just loud enough for them to hear, but neither of them moved. He reached up, thankful to feel a pulse on both of them, strong and steady but they were out.
“We’re fine, Cap, now go before you bleed out all over the floor,” Jones said. Steve turned to look down the hall when he heard familiar footsteps and saw James and Tony heading his way.
The last few weeks back home had been interesting for Clint. Saying goodbye had been a little bittersweet but it was nice being back in their bed, waking up and going into the kitchen dressed however he wanted to be dressed or sometimes not at all, much to Dmitri’s annoyance. And he missed his little group, the way his home setup worked. He liked being at the Rogerses’ but Dmitri wasn’t quite welcome to come and go as he pleased and Clint had really missed hanging out with him, teasing him.
“I’m not sure I want you to. Just don’t make it quick,” James said. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, opening them again and looking over at Steve with a cold, emotionless gaze. “Let’s go see if our delivery boy is ready to talk.”
On their way back upstairs, they made sure to speak louder than usual to alert the other two. The last thing they wanted was to frighten them with their sudden presence. Besides, it hadn’t escaped James or Steve that Tony and Clint might be discussing their time as captives and it might not be something they were ready for them to hear.
Steve knew he liked women and men but he also knew that within that he still had a preference and he was damn tired of not being able to have with a man what he was allowed with a woman.
James however was a tad more ostentatious. Large intricately crafted, dark wood cabinets lined the walls on either side, heavy, rolling dark grey curtains behind him creating the most dramatic backdrop she’d ever seen. The ceiling was high and the panelling around it and the floor very detailed in its design. It looked like the waves of a tempestuous sea all along the ground and clouds in the paneling up top.
“Keep your finger firmly in the center of the trigger, breathe out as you pull it back,” Steve said the next day, standing beside Tony. They were at James’ home in his basement which was not a game room but a shooting range with targets on the far wall, run-of-the-mill bullseyes as well as human-shaped targets. James was not with them but Steve had a key.
Steve obeyed easily and soon but slowly, Tony was taking all of Steve. Even Steve had to pause when that happened, seeing stars in his vision, his body hit with an intense wave of pleasure. He swore in Gaelic, positioning himself better again, finding where to hold his hands on either side of Tony’s thighs and even slower than before, he began to move.
“I’m pretty sure it is,” he said, looking down away from Tony, ashamed. “You’d have to ask Winter just how over it is. I wasn’t much help to anyone.” He took another bite of the fruit salad in front of him, purposefully focusing on it. He hadn’t explicitly promised Tony he would bring Steve home in one piece but he knew it was an unspoken promise and he hadn’t been able to keep his word.
Benni’s smile was wide and he wrapped his arms around Steve tightly. Steve hugged him back and when Benni pulled away, he thanked Steve for the phone number and ran off upstairs. Steve smiled, watching him go.
He loved Tony, he did, and it wasn’t that he felt like they needed space apart but he was just tired of not being able to do things by himself.
They stayed like that for at least ten minutes before either of them spoke again, Clint cradled protectively in James’ embrace, wondering what might have brought this on. Of course he knew what kinds of things might be going through James’ head but he didn’t know
“Very good,” Clint said, coming into the room. “Good morning.” He plopped onto the bed and fell across James’ lap. James bent to kiss him.
Plus he knew Clint already wore a wedding ring—partly for his public appearance and partly because Natalia still wore hers and it was more a friendship ring than anything else—so he wanted him to have something that was from James, just as James wore his dog tags every day.
Don’t worry about me.” He got up and kissed her cheek. “Do you want something to drink?” When she looked at him in confusion he felt the need to say something, though he knew what James’ reaction would be. “It’ll be fine.
“You won’t,” Clint said, his voice barely more than a whisper. James met his eyes with an intensity that would have made Clint uncomfortable when they’d first met but now it made him feel loved, adored even.
“Exotic,” Clint repeated with a smile. Clint was about to say that he agreed and just wanted out of New York too when Tony added the last part and Clint felt his smile drop some. “Me too, I…” he trailed off, forming his thoughts. “I knew there would be hard times but I never really—I mean, I gave him my tags. This was
Clint smiled up at him. “Me too.” He took the potatoes, starting to cut them as he thought about Tony’s question. “Um, honestly there’s nothing I won’t eat. Or at least, nothing I’ve come across so far. Brownies. Hands down, brownies are my favorite dessert but I’m not against a good slice of apple pie either.”
“Maybe I’m a little like Benni and need time with new people too,” Tony said with a small smile. “You know… last year around this time they had the man who raised me as their prisoner.” He didn’t know where the urge to talk about that came from but he simply had to.
“Don’t be daft,” Pinky said and Steve felt himself tense and then forced himself to relax. Why was it so different hearing James tell him that versus Pinky? “I’ve still got a ways to go before I’ve even touched the debt I owe you.”
Tony’s eyes filled with tears but he bit them back as always and he gave her a sincere smile instead.
“Very reasonable conditions, sir,” he said with a slight smirk and a wink. “I’ll be on my best behavior. Promise,” he added with sincerity to reassure Steve who looked ever so slightly worried after Tony had joked.
Benni thought about this and then leaned over to Steve, gesturing for him to come closer. Steve leaned down and Benni cupped his hands around his ear, whispering something. Steve chuckled until he realized what doing it would imply but he had to, right?
“Thank you,” Steve said, tugging the blanket back down, “but I don’t need to be coddled. I’ve been shot before.” He sat up again, looking at both of them in turn. “I won’t leave the bed but don’t expect me to do—“
Steve looked over at the door and said, “Come in,” assuming it was Sarah or Dugan again. He was pleasantly surprised to find that he was wrong.
“So I bought Clint a present,” James began. The last time he and Natasha had spoken about Clint had been about two weeks ago at his bar. He’d ask her how he was and her assessment was positive. He had been on a slow but steady decline since. “And I’d like to get your opinion on it.”
“Hello, Fitz,” James said with a wide, cheeky grin. Fitz grumbled a hello and promptly left the storeroom to go find Phil although James was already making his way to the front of the bar, Dmitri behind him.
“Don’t need it,” James clarified, pulling out Maria’s chair for her and Clint followed suit for Natalia. Two of the wait staff came over to help seat James and Clint. When James unbuttoned his jacket to sit, his ever-present blade in its sheath was fully visible, disappearing again as he sat and his jacket covered it. Clint heard a few gasps and again hid his smile, turning it into a cough. He wondered absently how many weapons James had on him at that very moment and he also found comfort in the thought.
“I won’t push. Just... Tony?” She reached out and took his hand again. “I wish you nothing but the best.”
Rhodey looked around, his brows furrowed in thought and then he gestured for Steve to follow him and they walked outside. Steve was confused, especially when Rhodey walked him all the way to the corner of the next block. The firehouse was still in plain view and they would be able to hear if the alarm sounded but still. What on earth could he—
the boss. You’ll have to talk to her about that one but, way I see it, wait till you’re healed properly and she’ll likely start givin’ ya more to do.”
They talked for just over an hour before Steve’s yawning was the majority of the conversation and Tony decided to let him go so he could get some sleep.
“Not so run-of-the-mill it turns out. Method seems to match a serial arsonist we’ve been dealing with for some time.”
“This is so entirely fucked up, Steve,” James sighed miserably and Steve nodded, just as solemn now. “All I want is to spoil him rotten, give him the entire world and then some, and yet here I am ruining his life.”
Steve and Tony had stayed up the rest of the evening and long into the night. Now Steve was on the couch in the living room with Tony because he’d been cold, so Steve started the fire and wrapped him up snugly. Tony was alternating between light snoozing and reading his book, his head pillowed on Steve’s thigh while Steve sketched him.
Steve stared at the papers on his lap. He knew there was something he meant to keep an eye on with Tony and the accounts but so much had happened that it had slipped his mind. He looked up at Tony and said plainly. “I did that.”
Clint’s tired expression cleared and made way for that lopsided smile that had first taken James’ breath away. “I haven’t brushed my teeth in weeks. I taste bad.”
And he knew he didn’t have to worry about James being out in public because James himself didn’t seem bothered. He was currently fixing a bobby pin that had come loose in Maria’s hair. Clint focused on their interaction to get his mind off of everything else. It was small and sweet but the two of them had so few moments like that that Clint wanted to take it all in. Beside him, Natalia was doing the same.
“I didn’t mean to sound ungrateful. I like what I’m doing. It’s fun and it makes your life easier too because you know you can trust me. You know that, right?” He watched him refill his glass. Why and how that made Steve look even more attractive he again couldn’t say. Ever since he realized his own feelings Tony couldn't think about anything else. With Steve this close it was even more difficult.
Right now, Clint was still in the numb, mute stage so James continued to fill the silence with whatever he could, even at one point talking about an article he’d read in the paper that morning about President Truman.
to me like some kind of brothel workers and only recently has it occurred to me just how incredibly offensive and demanding that was of me.”
James nodded slowly. “It has crossed my mind. I keep thinking about how we tortured and killed a man to save ours from being tortured and killed. I don’t regret it, I only wonder if they’re asking themselves if we’ve ever done what Bakuto did. Taken innocents in exchange for what we want.”
“My ma painted that up in a place called the Glens of Antrim in far Northern Ireland. About an hour and a wee bit from Belfast,” he said, once again his accent slipping with the tiredness and excitement. “I used to beg my ma to drive up there every weekend. I’d stand up on the cliff’s edge to look out and she’d bust a vein yelling at me to move back, afraid the wind would blow my skinny arse all the way to Scotland.”
Why did Tony feel disappointed? Because he was actually given a choice? “My mom’s dead. That place is… if I don’t have to, I’d rather not go back there.” But that was all he had. The store and his few belongings in the apartment above it.
“Maybe after dinner. Love, I can run out quickly and grab them. It’s no problem,” Steve assured him, already leaning forward to stand up.
Steve listened as Tony spoke, finishing up with his bandages and then inhaling deeply and exhaling slowly. He scratched the back of his neck, a little conflicted, but followed Tony out of the bathroom and into their bed.
Tony was cheesy. The kind of cheesy Clint usually made fun of people for but right then, in their current circumstances, maybe cheesy was just what they needed.
“Hmm,” she hummed as one of her men poured her some tea. She tapped two fingers to the table as he finished, a sign of gratitude. “Tea?”
“All done,” Tony replied and stole the half-eaten cracker from Steve’s hand to eat. “As soon as the papers come back we’ll be part of the family.” He still couldn’t quite believe it.
wanted to be the thing, the person, who brought Tony peace. Rationally, he knew he did. He knew it from the way Tony clung to him and curled up to him in bed. Didn’t mean it wasn’t still a blow to the gut to hear that Clint, a man Steve himself barely knew, could also help. It hurt but it was also a relief, so Steve focused on the relief aspect.
“Told you I’m not used to this much sleep,” he said with a small smile. “And Benni and I finished another book last night. I didn’t expect the ending. Guess I couldn’t handle it after all.” It was the best he could come up with at this time of night. It was surely better than silence or forcing him to say what was going on with him.
if it’s worth knowing or important.” He managed to stay focused until he felt Steve’s lips on his forehead and damn him for knowing how nice it felt to Tony. “No, it’s acceptable.”
Thankfully, Steve was a firefighter so things didn’t get boring just because there weren’t any diner explosions. Brooklyn kept them busy—gas leaks, chemical fires, car fires, and other traffic-related accidents. Steve knew a day without hearing that alarm sound was one that would never come but what he wouldn’t do for one day with nothing but minor calls—just lots and lots of cats stuck in trees.
“Nah, I don’t think so,” he said, coming over to press a kiss to Clint’s forehead and then his lips, “you’re much cuter.” He stood and said he was going to find a drink, feeling at home in Steve’s house.
“If you keep it up with all your help, I’ll have nothing left to do around here!” Sarah complained jokingly and swatted Tony’s hand away. “Go, sit down. You too.” She turned to Steve and pointed to the chairs behind her. After a moment’s hesitation, Tony nodded, poured himself a cup of coffee and moved to sit down next to Steve.
Steve greeted James with a hug and then Clint with a comforting hand on his shoulder. Clint flinched and Steve quickly withdrew his hand.
Steve chuckled. “My friends say I’m too healthy for my own good. Maybe tonight I’ll switch things up. Live a little. The cheesecake sounds good.”
They laid in Steve’s bed—because Tony’s was big but Steve’s was bigger and he had an en-suite bathroom—and Steve held Tony in his arms, his cheek over Steve’s heart, listening to the steady beat. Sometimes Tony would press a kiss to his skin and Steve’s heart would speed up for a moment.
“Get that trash out of my sight,” Bakuto snapped, continuing his conversation with James as Clint was dragged out.
“It serves a purpose,” he said, reaching for his book so he could stare at the word ‘rabbit’ for an hour again. “Leave it be.”
Sarah called a car and helped Tony into his thin coat, wrapping one of Steve’s scarves around him. The smell was heavenly. It smelled
The door was halfway closed and, not seeing a reason to do so, Tony didn’t knock before pushing it open slowly. What he saw made him freeze. Steve was against a wall, James in front of him and they were kissing. Intensely kissing. Passionately even.
“I work with Steve and he has me working in his office at my own desk. I spend most of my day around Steve,” he said with a shy smile.
“So when do we leave?” Clint asked, lying in bed while James read the paper beside him, steaming hot cups of coffee on their bedside tables. Yes, being back home was wonderful.
He picked up one of the papers on which Tony had circled the name at the top and read it over. “Fucking hell,” he cursed, furious. “Separate the accounts with the discrepancies from the others and put them on my desk. I’ll be right back.” He turned to leave and then added, “And calculate as well the total amount that’s unaccounted for.”
When Pepper started coming in every day of the next week and Howard was more absent, Tony couldn’t have been happier. Working with Pepper, even if they barely spoke to each other, was always nice. It gave him a breather and he could take care of chores that he’d neglected for too long. Of course he hadn't forgotten what he had been told but Tony’s priority always had been and always would be the well-being of his brother.
“No, this is perfect. If you need to work, work. I’ll just enjoy my lunch,” he told him, sipping his coffee, still wearing his hat. When the brim covered his eyes from view as he sipped, he scanned the room, looking up again a second later and observing Tony. He couldn’t help but notice the way he held himself, like he was sore all over and trying so hard not to show it. “If you’re not that busy, however, join me.”
“Alright,” he conceded with a small nod. He pulled away to look at Steve, making sure that he was truly unharmed. He looked tired, maybe thinner, but he was unharmed.
“For you? Of course,” he said, his eyes following the gentle blush that crawled its way up Clint’s neck and onto his cheeks. He washed a few plates, handing them to Clint to dry, and then asked, “Would you mind if I smoked?”
first,” she snapped, catching Steve’s eye where he stood still staring at the map and running the plan in his head to check for weak points.
For a split second he was jealous but then he looked at Sarah. “Benni wants to spend some brother time. I thought about going to the zoo with him.”
James lifted his head to look down at Clint, pressing a hand into the mattress on either side of Clint’s torso to support himself. He bent to kiss him, slow and passionate, pulling away to press another kiss to the tip of his nose.
They were currently on their way to a two-alarm fire in BedStuy. Firehouse 21 where Rhodey’s girlfriend Carol worked had also been called onto the scene. It was an apartment fire but it was on their list of condemned, potentially dangerous buildings. As far as they knew no one lived there, not to mention the fact that the front doors were bolted shut so they didn’t even think squatters were inside.
He wondered if Sam and Bucky were there too. Maybe this was going to be a ‘get to know the best friends’ type of dinner. He wasn’t sure why Steve would do that but it was the only thing his frantic mind was providing him with at the moment.
While Tony looked at Benni, the boy explained to Sarah that Tony goes far away sometimes and it helps to call him
“I can give you a key. And it goes without saying that you’re also welcome to just stay there while we’re away. If you’d like.”
“I always wondered what happened to him. The family claimed he’d died,” Steve said. “Real nice of your ma. She sounds lovely.”
Steve thought back to the evening. Apart from the very beginning for a whole three minutes, he hadn’t felt awkward or uncomfortable the entire evening. Tony was easy to be around and made him laugh. He was charming and sexy and smart. He was a good kisser and he had those beautiful eyes that Steve could imagine himself getting lost in if he really wanted to.
“Steve...” He gasped, arching his back off the bed. Before he could find the words to say what he wanted to, he came moaning Steve’s name. He was still coming down, feeling Steve’s hand stroking him slowly and noticing how he was pulling out of him. “Don’t… stop.”
“I’m glad you approve. Thanks.” He pressed another quick kiss to his cheek and went back to Pepper. “Got distracted there for a second.”
James nodded and closed his eyes again, leaning back as Clint continued to massage his shoulders and neck.
Clint sighed. He had missed what Tony said but he could guess the gist of it. There was no situation where Tony would say he was one of them.
happy.” Natalia looked away again and Clint dipped his head down to try and catch her eye. “Nat, you’re the only family I got and, believe me, James knows how much you mean to me. He also knows that if we did ever decide to leave, we’d be taking you and Maria with us. That’s non-negotiable and if Maria doesn’t want to go, we will just have to trick her.”
Steve stretched his long legs and he ended up spreading them in a way that his thigh touched Tony’s knee. He looked at Tony and Tony nodded in response. He didn’t mind. Steve was warm, his muscles firm.
He couldn’t wait to show Tony Ireland. Show him all the places he’d gone as a child with Sarah. Show him Belfast as well. Perhaps a few days in the city to show Tony the place where he was born. Maybe even stop by the house they had there as well. It was exciting.
James pushed his chair back to follow. “Let me make sure he doesn’t leave out the ones where he looks terrible,” he said with a laugh, following after Steve.
Steve didn’t respond, he couldn’t. Everything hurt too much and he didn’t believe him. Every time a sobbed tried to break free, he felt the burning tug of his destroyed stitches and it only made him want to cry more. Not because of the pain but the reminder of why he had the wounds in the first place.
you too, Nat, so there’s no version of my life where you’re not in it, you got that? You’re stuck with me and that’s your fault for saying ‘I do.’”
Just when he had that thought, he nearly bumped into Steve. Beautiful and pale and beautifully pale Steve. For a second Tony forgot to breathe.
“Ouch,” Clint said, sarcastically. “Break my heart why don’t you?” He repositioned himself, his left side where he had recently been hit was aching. “You’re not my first choice either, pal. In fact, I’d easily trade you for an Oreo right about now.”
“Cap made us stop so he could say hi to his boyfriend,” Natasha said and Steve gave her a look that she easily ignored, sipping her tea.
“Look at me,” he ordered, “and tell me what happened to your wrist.” Despite the firmness, his voice was quieter.
Clint shook his head. “No, I don’t feel any pain at all. I even stood on it this morning while I washed my face.” Clint’s mood seemed to have improved some with James’ suggestion and at this point, James was taking any and every win he could get.
“It’s in the past already. Like it never happened,” he said with a small smile, sending one Tony’s way. Tony was just sitting on the side of the bed now but still holding Steve’s hand. He looked shaken. “He’s in good hands, lad.”
A serviette was placed on Clint’s lap and water poured into his glass. He was handed his glass of champagne and he waited until they all had one so they could clink them lightly together.
“I can’t believe you made me do all of that on a full stomach,” Tony said, his eyes closed and head resting on Steve’s chest. His fingers were trailing up and down the side of Steve’s torso, his skin so soft and warm.
“Have you tried putting a bullet between his eyes?” Steve growled. Dugan didn’t say anything, he knew Steve was angry. Steve dragged a hand down his face. “Arrange a meet up tomorrow. 9am at Stark’s old place.” Steve wanted somewhere neutral, somewhere people wouldn’t be looking at him and wondering what they were doing.
“Thanks, we think so too,” he said, twisting the ring and then sipping the rest of his coffee. “I know. I love Nat but I’d divorce her and marry James in a heartbeat if I could. Though, I’m sure she’s already told Maria the same thing.” He laughed because he knew it was true and could hear Nat saying it. “Maybe one day it’ll be a possibility for us. Never know.”
Steve filed the phrase away after a few mental practices and then found himself stuck on ‘what I want and what is possible.’ What
Natalia had been nodding slowly as James spoke and he assumed that was a good sign but now as he waited patiently for her to say something, he began to have doubts. What if it was still too materialistic and not enough sentimentality?
He sat down beside him, pulling Tony halfway onto his lap, his arm curling around his waist and his hand resting on Tony’s thigh.
“Hey,” Steve said, taking a bite of his snack, “just figured I’d join for the tour. Can’t hurt to get to know my intruder.” He grinned, a dimple showing in his cheek, and Tony wondered if he had gotten more beautiful since the last time they’d seen each other.
“He will but with me gone, he’ll be taking on a lot more responsibility. He might not have as much time and I don’t want Lucky to feel lonely or be neglected and decide to chew my shoes.”
“Yeah. So I asked him out again but, uh… I don’t actually know where he’d like to go. Or what he’d want to do. I was hoping for some advice.”
“That’s all I want. That’s all I’ve wanted this entire time,” Steve said, his voice even softer now and James wondered if it would crack if he raised it. He ran his hands through his hair, inhaling sharply through his nose, fighting back the stinging he felt behind his eyes. “I want you and Tony, ma, Clint and Benni and everyone all together. That’s… that’s all I’ve wanted since I got out of the hospital. I want my family together, James.”
Sarah headed back downstairs to give James her love and say goodbye. It was going on 1am but he needed to be back in the morning. He had some business that required him specifically though normally on weekends he took personal time.
Natalia reached for it and James rested it in her open palms. She turned it over in her hands and then wrapped her hand around the handle and gently pulled it out. It was beautiful. Bright, shiny silver with very subtly serrated edges for maximum damage.
“With Tony,” James started quietly, “you took him out of a godawful situation, saved him even. Him and Benni. You gave them a home, a new family and even despite what’s happened, their lives are still better than what they once were.”
Benni pouted, he wanted to go with Steve and Tony but he had school. Steve laughed and told him that if he ever wanted to come to work with Tony and Steve he would
Steve went to Tony, sure the other situation was more than under control, and knelt beside him. He grabbed his wrist and felt a pulse. It was weak but there and he’d never been so relieved in his life. Maybe he was wrong twice over. He should have been there, he should have done
Tony blew air out of his nose, impressed and happy that Steve remembered. “I’ve always loved understanding how things work and I really like cars. Older cars, especially. That’s what we deal with mostly. Restorations, customizations, and modifications. Not really the oil change or tire rotation kind of garage.”
“Sorry. I don’t mean to keep harping on it. I’m sure you can understand it doesn’t happen all that often. And even less so do I go on dates with the person in question,” Steve countered, chuckling.
. You and I both know the likelihood of getting them back alive had we given in was small to none. It’s what
A sob burst forth from his lips and then again his fingers were digging into the fabric of James’ shirt, clutching it so tightly his knuckles turned white. More tears came and the sobs got louder. Lucky, who had been watching them both from the other couch, got up and came over to sit in front of them on the floor, whining and pressing his nose to Clint’s back.
“Jesus,” Clint swore, gently touching the skin around his eye that felt like it was on fire. He ripped a piece of his shirt off and dipped it in his water, dabbing it on his eye for some relief from the stinging.
“Not if he keeps to what we’re teaching him,” Jones said and laughed when Tony looked at him in shock. Tony didn’t know a whole lot about card games and wouldn’t recognize the game anyways, so he just hoped the men were joking.
“Yep,” Rhodey said, standing in the fridge looking for a snack. So far he had scanned the entire thing twice but he just knew in his heart there was something delicious he had missed.
“Well, people who brush off waking up in a strangers’ apartment with an ‘oops’ don’t really seem like much else would faze them,” he said, thankful for the save his brain supplied. His original reason was
Within minutes Benni was fast asleep, curled up in the most awkward and uncomfortable looking position ever but he slept with a smile on his face.
He sat up, about to call his trainer and get in a few rounds of boxing when Dmitri entered. He laid a document down on James’ desk and then turned to leave as quickly as he had come.
“His son,” was all Steve said and James nodded. He wasn’t sure which of the reasons Steve had just thought of was making James nod but so long as he didn’t need to go into more detail, he was fine.
Steve would like to get it engraved. Perhaps with something in Italian or even Irish. He wasn’t sure what yet. Maybe he could do the engraving at another time and give him the ring for now. Maybe the engraving could be a bonus because he loved this ring and wanted to be able to give it to Tony on their trip.
“Yeah, you go take yourself to the kitchen, ya tease,” he said, watching Tony walk off and boy, did he like watching him leave, especially given that he was putting on a little show for Steve with those illegal hips of his. Steve shook his head and looked down to give the documents one final read-through before getting up to file them away.
When the papers arrived in a brown manilla envelope that looked like nothing special was going to be in there, Tony almost couldn’t believe his eyes. This was it. There it was, his new name, new ID, and even a new passport. Rationally he had known that they had gotten their pictures taken for their papers but to see them in front of him was a completely alien thing.
“I haven’t been to the beach in years. It would be nice if we could make the time.” He nodded and looked around the room because he couldn’t look at Steve right now.
,” he greeted him, kissing him briefly on the lips and then the forehead. He wrapped his arms around him from behind, burying his face in Clint’s shoulder and inhaling slowly.
Steve sucked in a sharp breath, not expecting that. The effect his words had on Steve were profound and he shuddered. He reached around, his hand untucking Tony’s shirt and snaking up his back, the skin there hot and soft and Steve’s mouth moved to Tony’s neck.
“You,” Steve said simply, moving to press kisses to Tony’s neck, nipping lightly here and there, sucking on his collarbone before making his way back up to his jaw. His hand on Tony’s waist had roamed as well, dropping further down to grab a handful of his bottom.
Benni was chuckling, enjoying this and then he asked, “Have you guys been friends forever?” Steve laughed, wondering what constituted ‘forever’ for Benni.
“I can do that.” Benni pulled away from his brother. “I like that you smile so much now.” He got up, as if his words were nothing special or didn’t carry a lot of baggage. “I’ll go downstairs to
Tony took Steve’s hand into his and pressed a kiss on the back of it. “If it is that important, he will come to you and talk to you about it. What’s done is done. Are you hungry?”
He pulled away as reality set in and managed to cut through the wonderful haze and euphoria that was kissing Tony. “I just… I don't understand. You’re… like me?”
He looked over at Benni drawing and craned his neck up to see the picture but it was out of his sight. He figured he would show it to him when it was done like he had the others he’d drawn.
And she had the girls. She had even gone for lunch the other day with Maria and Natalia, who would be staying at James’, Steve had found out, which was perfect because it put them even closer to one another. So she wasn’t alone. He would still worry as any son would about their mother and he would worry about Benni. This would be his first time away from his big brother.
“That’s probably because I didn’t say I would be here,” James answered casually, picking up a different watch and comparing it to one of the others.
He drank some more water, needing to do something to distract himself, and then decided to reach for the food too. He grabbed the bread first, taking a small bite and chewing until there was nothing left to chew. “I’d give my right hand for a pizza.”
“You say all kinds of kooky stuff, you know? Is that a Russian thing? Natalia does it too sometimes. How much did you have to drink?”
Then again he felt rude not waking Clint. He must have heard the door open? Tony put his food down and slowly walked over to Clint, reaching out to touch him.
“I said that you have no idea what you mean to me. And that I wouldn’t have anything left if you weren’t here. You’re my whole world,” he translated. “
“Tony was hurt last year around Christmas.” Clint felt like he vaguely remembered Tony mentioning something about that but he couldn’t remember exactly what. “Now the two of you. I get the funny feeling it’s not going to be our favorite holiday.”
Clint looked over at Benni and Lucky. The boy had his arms around him, his chin buried in Lucky’s soft fur, and Lucky looked very at ease in his embrace, his tail wagging across the floor.
“Understatement of the year. Come on,” he said, standing and offering Steve his hand. “Let’s get to work.”
Steve nodded, listening and processing. And then he said, quiet but honest, his eyes intense, “Howard aside, it’s a damn shame you think anyone could not see you.” He smiled softly. “I had you come every week to keep an eye on your marks and bruises, but apart from that I did it because seeing you relaxed me.”
James continued to press kisses and to squeeze Clint comfortingly. He would occasionally whisper loving affirmations and assurances but he never belittled or invalidated what Clint was going through.
As he staggered back, Clint used the distance for two things: one, to get a better look at him and two, to grab the first sharp object he could find. Thankfully, he had just gotten in a new shipment of cutlery seeing as he wanted to expand the bar’s menu. He grabbed a butter knife, holding it at his side.
He knew he was tired, his body knew he was tired but somehow his brain hadn’t properly gotten the memo. And now he felt even more exhausted than when he’d first come upstairs. He thought about just going down anyway, setting himself up in a way that he could sleep on Clint’s shoulder but he got the feeling Tony wouldn’t be as open to conversation in that situation so he stayed upstairs.
“Thank you, love,” Steve said, his fingers still moving comfortingly across Tony’s back. “Ma really likes that one too. That one’s real, not just something I made up. It’s the little place ma’s got back in Ireland. The place I’ll take you one day. Just you and me.” He leaned his head down to press a kiss to Tony’s hair.
Tony leaned against him. “It has now. You know I get disoriented when I wake up.” His hands were throbbing and he knew it would continue for a while until it healed. “Could I open the curtains to let some light in during the night?”
“It was my idea,” Sarah said, now standing in the doorway, a little flour on her sky blue apron that matched her eyes. She was drying her hands off with a dish towel as she spoke and looked so incredibly warm and motherly that she had everyone’s undivided attention. “Passed by a while ago. I haven’t seen you two talk that much since you’ve come home. It was a sight for sore eyes. Figured it must be one another’s company.”
“You know that I’m not completely helpless, right?” he asked, his potato in his hand. “I appreciate it though.”
He tapped on the window with his knuckles and Natalia looked over. James wasn’t even surprised that she had heard that small sound over the raucous of the bar. She looked around and then motioned for him to come through.
“All of this. It’s just so different from the things surrounding my and Tony’s relationship.” He was referring to Clint’s bar. Tony’s family-owned establishment hadn’t been something he wanted to revisit. It was not a place where he and Steve went to relax but it was clear by James’ posture and conversation with Phil that he and Clint were here often.
“That’s one way to get your last name,” he whispered to Steve, squeezing his hand. “Alright. If you are for it too.”
Steve chuckled, trying to keep the mood light now that his answer seemed to satisfy him. “If they’re all as cute as you I sure won’t.”
Dinner was ready not long after, the conversations and bickering making the time fly by. James and Steve fought the entire way into the kitchen. Steve kept finding reasons to bump into Tony however or brush their arms together, anything.
James smiled again, just as sad. “All past tense.” Steve looked down, trying to take his hand, surprised when James let him.
Clint turned to Tony. “I told you before, Lucky’s a sweetheart. Besides, he’ll mostly just be in our room or on my lap. I… when?” He looked from Steve to James to Tony.
“Evening, all,” he said softly, looking at Tony only and then to his mother and Benni, “what are we all up to?” He laid his waistcoat across the back of a chair and came over to kiss his mother’s cheek and pat Benni’s head before talking his place beside Tony, throwing an arm around his shoulders and pulling him close. He kissed his temple and smiled, sighing contentedly.
“In all the time you’ve known me, have you ever seen me cook more than toast?” Steve asked, slowing at an intersection before continuing down the country road. “With ma and James around, I suppose I never really sharpened my kitchen skills and now I have you.” He looked over at Tony and winked.
“And keeping this from me helps me how? I’m not a child, Steve. But I can only handle what you tell me. And this? This you should have told me.”
He thought about walking over to the gym but Falsworth might be there and he really didn’t want to talk to someone he was less close to than Dugan. He didn’t know where his mother was but he didn’t feel like being coddled either or the alternative, told to get a grip so he didn’t seek her out either.
“How do you know if you’re in love? What does it feel like?” Tony asked, turning to face her and crossing one leg under him to be more comfortable. Pepper’s gaze softened and she look dreamy.
Pepper laughed softly and shook her head. “No, it’s not. It’s in small things. Like gettin’ Benni his favorite kinda candy. Or gettin’ me a strawberry milkshake. Those are acts of love, aren’t they?” Those were obvious to him, so he nodded in agreement. “Love is warm an’ fuzzy. It’ll make ya feel like your tummy’s feelin’ funny, like ya can’t eat but in a good way. And it makes ya smile and feel light. And when ya close ya eyes, there’s them. Ya wanna talk to them no matter what, spend time and be together. It just makes sense to love that person your heart chose.”
Clint looked down at his food, the corner of his mouth pulled up as a mischievous smile tried to make its home there, realizing James wasn’t listening to Benni. James nudged him playfully with his elbow and Clint winced. James felt a wave of nausea roll over him that he stomped down by the time he had Clint’s attention again and Benni was being told to eat a little more and then finish his explanation.
Clint thanked him for the water and made his way over to the couch where Tony had placed the glass on the coffee table. He picked it up, downing it as he took in his surroundings. Lucky plopped down loyally at his feet and curled up.
“Who is in there?” He asked, unable to see into the windows as Dugan got out and moved around to the passenger seat.
Clint stirred and woke up a few minutes later. When Tony asked him if he was okay he gave him his usual grin and thumbs up. It was then that Tony realized Clint was just as scared as he was but was unwilling to admit it.
“I missed you too. So much, all the time,” Steve said, tilting Tony’s chin up to kiss him before he answered. “They’re fine, both of them and eager to see you too. Whenever you’d like and Dugan or Jones can go pick them up.”
still breathing. Love, I’m here for you, always here for you, you know that.” He pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead, lingering for a moment, closing his eyes. When he pulled away he sighed again and said, “But there are things I have to work through. Just like you.”
No one said anything, no one brought it up or pointed it out or treated them any differently. No one said a word to James or Steve until they were ready because the pictures Bakuto had sent two days ago brought tears to both of their eyes and continued to plague them.
He served their food, Steve pouring Benni hot cocoa and then looking at Tony and pouring him the rest.
Steve didn’t worry much about bleeding out because suddenly all his blood was concentrated in one area and it was confusing being aroused but in so much pain at the same time. “Talk about a welcome home,” he said, his eyes dropping to sweep up and down Tony’s body and he smirked. “Come here, gorgeous.” He reached for Tony’s shirt collar, pulling him down for a deep, hot kiss. Steve winced but kept kissing him.
On their way down, Tony smiled while eating his hot dog. He was standing in the middle of no less than five large, muscular men, each one of them radiating strength and power. There was nowhere safer than there and then.
James blew air out of his mouth as he thought. “I’ve just never liked it. The idea of being thousands of miles in the air in a piece of metal with nothing between me and the ground? No, thank you.”
“Arranging flights,” James mumbled after a moment, almost having forgotten the question as Clint’s thumbs worked their way into the knots in James’ shoulders. It wasn’t like that was really anything to give away. Clint knew they would have to get to France somehow.
“I never did thank you for, you know, looking after him. He told me about the hits you took that were meant for him.”
“How did I not think of that?” Rhodey opened it and pulled out the containers, searching for egg rolls. “So you like him? Enough for a second date or you just in this for the sex?” Rhodey asked it as casually as possible but he knew by the drawn out silence before Tony’s response that he had worked out that Rhodey really wanted to know.
Oh Steve hated to see that look in Tony’s eyes and he would have to be more careful about his temper he realized. “Don’t apologize. Telling me how you feel is never something to apologize for. That’s on me,” he told him, pulling him closer and holding him so he wouldn’t go anywhere. “Sure, I got myself out but I did so with violence and crime and cheating. I may have made a somewhat honest organization out of it but it sure as hell didn’t start that way. I took all that rage I had in me, found others who felt the same and we beat the shit out of people who we said were more wrong than us. Tony, I saw that you were saving up. You were going to get yourself
They had chatted a little more before sleeping last night but Clint hadn’t brought up the topic of escaping again, figuring that Tony would need more time to ease him into the idea.
“C’mere,” Clint said to Benni who approached slowly. “Benni, this is Lucky. Lucky, can you say hi?” Lucky let out a small, harmless
The Russian mob was unforgiving while the Irish protected their community. Both of their leaders reacted promptly when Sarah gave them things to do.
James sat down in Clint’s chair behind the desk. The room hadn’t had anyone in it for a while but it still smelled like Clint and everything in there reminded him of Clint.
“James?” Clint croaked, his eyes stinging with the threat of tears and then they fell down his cheeks. “James?” he asked again, trying to stand but too weak and hurt to do so.
“Oh, can we have potato soup? Or beef stew?” Benni jumped down and ran to the kitchen, listing off more dishes he enjoyed. Even though Sarah had asked Tony, he didn’t mind if Benni picked something.
“If everything is as delicious as the soup earlier I’ll end up fat,” Tony chuckled lightly and Benni grinned at him. In only a few weeks Benni had already managed to gain weight and if that wasn’t a sight for sore eyes. His cheeks looked more pinchable than ever.
“He wanted to kill me. I could see it in his eyes.” The words came out much too easily. Why did he even tell them that? It was obvious, wasn’t it?
“Okay,” Steve said, writing it all down and listening to James talk to someone else. He assumed it was either Clint or Dmitri but he knew neither of them had any plans to tell Tony about Steve looking for a ring. “Alright, got it. Thanks.”
“I’m not. He’s the son of ma’s friend. He’s workin’ a steady job and ma wants me looked after. Happy’s a nice enough fella, I guess, just not who I saw myself marryin’.” She leaned back and crossed her legs gracefully. “Ma says marryin’ a friend is better than marryin’ someone I can’t stand. From friendship comes love, she says.”
“Steve?” he whispered, tapping his index finger on Steve's thigh. “Can we go to the library once everyone’s gone?”
The other reason Steve couldn’t totally get comfortable was because of the gun tucked into the back of his trousers, hidden by his coat, but it wasn’t going anywhere so he just dealt with it.
,” Tony whispered, running his hand over the counter. He wouldn’t go back there, not if he could help it. He was about to get back into the car where the others were waiting for him when someone yelled his name.
“Not gonna leave him alone again,” Tony mumbled. It was actually amusing to watch stern James check on Steve while Steve was grinning and not taking it seriously. It was better than having a sad and broken Steve even if it was only the drugs. “Do you want me to get a nurse or a doctor?”
Every day Tony clung to the dog tags, praying that Steve would come get him soon but with every passing day that hope died a little more. The thought that he might never see him again was easily one of the most terrible things he had ever felt. Shouldn’t he be grateful that he got to love and know what it feels like to be loved back? There were people who weren’t that lucky.
“I wasn’t. I was in a meeting with Loki. That does not count as ‘busy’. And while I’m not happy you’re having a bad day, I am glad to see you,” James told him and pressed a kiss to his cheek, squeezing him tightly as he did. “If you still think anything comes before you in my life, then I hate to add onto your bad day but you’re
“I’m surprised you managed to make it to your room. You don’t function well on little sleep,” she teased. He just shoveled another heaping of pancakes into his mouth instead of commenting, still smiling.
“Hmm,” Steve said, laughing into the kiss. “You gonna check on me, huh? Like a nurse? Gonna get yourself one of them outfits?”
Steve gasped, clapping a hand to his chest and glancing over at James where he sat at his desk, a smile on his lips. “You’re an asshole, James.”
Steve blew out a deep breath, his heart slowing but only a little. “Alright,” he said, taking in the information. “Everyone still okay? Dugan? Jones?”
“So you said to choose something I enjoy,” Steve started, “well, I may not know many recipes but I know a few and I like to cook. I’m also a little old-fashioned. So I wanted to cook for you.”
“Well,” he began and he felt nervous. It made him falter and come to a halt briefly. Why was he nervous?
James asked a few more questions and got answers to only some but confused ‘no’s to others. He whispered something to Dmitri who nodded.
Steve came to slowly, still feeling the effects of all the morphine. His body felt like concrete, his middle was screaming with pain every time he breathed and he had one hell of a headache, but he heard Tony’s voice and that made everything alright. He wasn’t dead. He kept his promise.
. I couldn’t be what he needed—I can’t—” A tear fell down his cheek and he snatched his hand to wipe it away angrily. He was not about to sit there and cry in front of Tony. That little bit of dignity was all he had left. So he stayed silent, staring at the wall behind Tony’s head and chewing his bottom lip again. “There was a time when I was in love with him too but I never imagined he could feel the same about me so I got rid of it and now…” He didn’t finish his thought because to do so would let Tony know how he felt about him, so he played it off as though he was just lost in thought.
Steve nodded without hesitation and they drove to the cemetery where Maria and Daniella Stark were buried. From a nearby flower shop Tony bought two bouquets of their favorite flowers—red and white roses for Maria, and two kinds of daisies for Daniella-and headed for their gravestones. They had been buried next to each other and even though Tony had never come back there after their funerals, he knew exactly where to find them.
. But he looked up at Steve with his happy-to-the-world smile that Rhodey saw right through and did his best not to sigh again.
Steve watched Tony looking out the window curiously, Steve’s smile widening when Tony turned back to face him.
“I love you, you know,” Clint told him. He saw James’ hands hesitate before he continued chopping vegetables.
“He’s a great guy. He protected me when he thought they’d hurt me, even after I told him that I could take care of myself. And yes, you gotta get used to him being around.” He poked Steve’s side playfully, pouting when he couldn’t find any loose skin to pinch. Why did his fella have to be this muscular? “No, I missed Benni too much. And you know… the silence was a bit much.  Even though we kept talking it was mostly just silent.”
“He called us,” Dmitri said, sitting on the couch, tapping a pencil to his lips. He had his own document in front of him, another list of Bakuto’s properties in Queens.
As if she knew she was being thought about, Sarah appeared at the door, knocking lightly and coming in with a glass of water and two pain tablets. She also had soup—traditional Irish leek and potato, one of her best dishes. Just the smell of it had Steve’s mouth watering.
!” James exclaimed sarcastically. “He would’ve met someone else, Steve! Some fella whose very existence wouldn’t paint a target on his back.”
Tony sat up and let go of Steve’s hand. “Oh no, don’t you dare. You’re not even thinking that, you hear me?”
Tony held him the whole time while Steve tried and failed to fight back tears. And he would continue to hold him for as long as Steve needed. Even after his sobs subsided and he was more or less able to breathe normally again, Tony held Steve close to him. Even when he heard soft snoring he continued to hold him to make sure he was really out. And only when he was truly convinced that Steve was fast asleep, he got up slowly to call a nurse. Somehow he wasn’t all too surprised to find James in front of the room. He had probably never left in the first place. Without saying a word to him he stopped the nearest nurse and told her that Steve had torn stitches and she went to look immediately.
When it was time for Tony to get up and bring the deliveries inside, Howard came up the stairs. Tony quickly rushed back to bed, covering Benni’s mouth when the boy woke up and gesturing for him to be silent. His father came into the room and Tony hid his brother’s body from sight. Howard huffed and left the room, leaving Tony to wonder if he hadn’t noticed or if he finally stopped caring.
let anything bad happen to him ever again. The next person to so much as think a negative thought towards him would be get—
Tony had no idea! Was that why they worked together? Why they spent so much time together? Even though he wanted to, he couldn’t find it in him to turn away. It took him a lot of convincing himself to pull the door closed again and to disappear as quietly as possible. His heart was racing, his hands trembling.
All he could think about was getting out of the city and away from everything for a while and living in a little dream bubble with James. Experiencing life as the two of them should be able to enjoy it. Together, free, without worry of being discovered. He knew it still wouldn’t be
Tired and frustrated, Tony was especially vulnerable to his flashbacks. In combination with those awful memories haunting him from times when he failed to go in between Howard and Benni sooner, Tony was an absolute mess. Whenever he closed his eyes he saw Howard's surprised expression when Tony shot him. But he also smelled the gunpowder, felt the recoil, saw the blood and … other bodily materials spattered behind Howard. He had hoped for more relief after killing him. Would that ever be the case? How he wished he could wake Steve to ask him that question. To talk about it all. How did he manage to deal with it?
Steve scooted over, pulling Tony into his arms, thankful he was shot on the other side. He pressed a kiss into his hair. “Of course I will. It’ll be my favorite part of the—”
Sarah all to yourself. I’m sure she’ll spoil you even more. And you’ll have to dance with Pepper at her wedding for me, hm?”
“Yeah,” he answered, suddenly not so sure anymore. She hadn’t known where they were going, so why wouldn’t he trust her? Pepper said something in Gaelic to him, which made him grin.
“Then talk to Mr Rogers. I’m sure he’ll help you. He helped before,” Pepper said and reached out to touch Tony but he moved away so she couldn’t.
He wondered what time it was. He turned his head slightly to see the clock that told him it was 9am. He couldn’t even remember what day of the week it was at the moment. Thursday? That sounded about right. Whatever the case, he wasn’t moving from his spot anytime soon. If he was needed, Dugan would come find him.
Tony served the food and waited for a verbal confirmation before he thought about how to say it. “When I told you my age you were surprised. Do you think that it’s wrong that I’m in love with Steve? Do you think I shouldn’t be with him?”
Dugan snorted, trying to imagine what Steve could possibly want for materially that he didn’t already have. “If he wanted something from you, he would’ve taken it on day one. He’s not the type to ask for permission,” he told him.
Tony let out a heavy sigh, shaking his hands off. “I’m nervous, Rhodey. I haven’t been nervous about a date since, well, my last date with Steve but before that… I don’t even know. I don’t usually care but—”
On the fifth day, Dugan asked Steve when he and James would be meeting for their drink and Steve said it was indefinitely postponed. Dugan contacted Dmitri but he didn’t pick up. Instead someone else he didn’t recognize did, though it was the phone in Dmitri’s office.
“I’ll snack all I want, you’re not my ma,” Steve said, moving out of Tony’s reach and opening the oven to pull one of the chickens out. “James, chicken?”
“He did,” he said with a smile. If Steve hadn’t kissed him they would still be pining after each other, that much was clear.
“I’m sorry,” he said, reaching down and touching Tony’s leg with featherlight fingertips. He leaned up to pull the covers away and see the slightly bruised, hand-shaped marks and memories of too-tight grips. Steve sucked in a breath and felt a little sick to his stomach. “Shit,” he swore under his breath. He’d promised Tony so many months ago to never lay a wrong hand on him. Sure this was not the usual circumstances that Tony got bruises from but still, it felt so wrong to see them on him again and because of Steve, no less.
hot. “In your character, not in appearances. Not that you’re not good-looking. That’s not what I wanted to say—” He blushed and quickly looked away. Why did he have to make it this awful? “Hot-blooded.” Tony finally said after a very awkward moment of silence. “That’s what I meant. But also clear like the summer sky. Like your eyes.” Tony knew he was saying words but his heart was beating so fast and so loud in his ears that he wondered if he was truly speaking. And if Steve was able to hear his heart too.
is for the bedroom,” Clint clarified and James’ eyebrows raised in faux-innocence, as though it hadn’t occurred to him how he was saying it.
“Last I checked Dugan was, Jones was still out,” he told him, not taking his eyes off Steve longer than a second.
His fingers found the keys without having to search and though he was a little staccato to start, he slowly found his rhythm, shut his eyes, and played. He was so focused he never heard the door to the study open.
“Much,” Clint answered, rolling his ankle slowly, leaning his weight against James who supported him easily and absently, a few miles away mentally as he thought about how to keep Clint’s mood up. “I almost forgot what my leg looked like.” James pressed a kiss to Clint’s cheek. “Hey, can we get lunch?”
Mr Delmonico—and honestly Clint was having a hard time holding back his own grin now at the way James had so casually rejected
Tony, who had woken up a couple of minutes before the other man, was staring at him. He was in poor condition like himself but who knew whether that was real or not.
“We’ll let you know,” James said, his tone dismissive and Mr Delmonico, the poor bastard, thanked him and left. Once he was gone, James looked up. “Obviously this goes without saying but order whatever you like. This is my treat.”
“Next visit?” He asked, unable to stop looking at Steve despite the fact that the man was not doing anything. His presence simply demanded respect and attention.
“It’ll soon be light. Then we can talk some more,” Tony mumbled. He wished there was something he could do for Clint or at least talk to him properly. If only it was time for their food too, even if it was only a bread roll and a potato.
Tony made himself comfortable and listened closely to what Steve was saying. “It was a long day for you,” Tony said softly and pulled the much taller and more muscular man to lay down on his chest so he could play with his hair softly. “Tell me as much or as little as you want to,
Steve reached for the hand Tony put between them, covering it with his own and he thanked Tony for what he said. “It… it wasn’t always about this. I just wanted you safe. And happy. The feelings came later, much later, and I—I was never going to tell you,” he said with a sad laugh.
He was thrown carelessly into what felt like a van. He didn’t try to run nor did he kick and scream. He knew none of that would do him any good. Instead he remained silent and tried to figure out where they were going.
“An Italian running Irish books? Plus, an eighteen year old doing that kinda job when everyone sees an old man sitting there?” He shrugged.
Tony accepted the hot dog and looked at Steve. “Can’t wait to get out of here,” he admitted and got up slowly. His movements were stiffer than ever.
After a few minutes alone Tony got up and knocked on Steve’s door, hoping he was still there. To his surprise Steve did open the door.
“Of course I do or did you miss the part where I said if they’re coming after me, they’re coming after you?”
” Tony kissed his cheek, giving his neck a small rub to relax him. It did put a little spring into his step that Steve had taken his request to heart so soon. A painting just for him from Steve? It made him long for a private space where he could hang and admire it in peace.
Afterwards he insisted on helping with the dishes and Sarah eventually accepted on the condition that he take another pain tablet. It seemed like an unfair deal but Tony nodded and she told James and Steve to get lost and take the little one with them to play. Tony watched them go and smiled softly. They looked so different here.
“No, Tony, I have to. I don’t want to, I don’t, but I have to. I have to plan ahead for whatever happens. I need to know you’re taken care of.” There were tears in Steve’s eyes and he didn’t understand why Tony was no longer holding his hand. He swallowed back the tears, his voice breaking. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I’m sorry. You came to comfort me and I can’t get out of my head long enough to let you do that.” He was reaching for Tony’s hands in the same way he had reached out for the hug in the study the night he played the piano, desperate for Tony’s touch.
Steve wanted to tell Sarah but he figured he would wait until Tony had told Benni, one hurdle at a time. Even though he didn’t expect his mother to be a hurdle, one at a time was still better. He couldn’t even begin to think about how/if things with James would change when/if he finally came back into Steve’s life.
“Food?” he asked, confused. “I didn’t expect them to bring us anything anymore.” He took a good look at Clint, taking in the bruises he could see, assuming that there was a lot more underneath the thin layer of clothing. “Are you okay?” he asked, now sitting up, grunting and groaning as he did.
“No. It’ll be summertime. We’ll leave a little after Steve and Tony,” James told him, flipping to the next page and as always pulling out the sports page to hand to Clint who sat up to read along with him.
“Hmm,” Steve hummed happily when Tony shifted, the sound becoming a soft chuckle. He craned his neck forward and pressed a kiss to the top of his head. “I think we’ve officially made this place ours.”
Steve was adamant about taking care of Tony. So much so that he wouldn’t even let him climb the stairs because it caused him discomfort. He also helped Tony change. It was overwhelming Tony with too many emotions, making him give in to Steve’s coddling.
“I’ll visit if Steve lets me. And if he doesn’t, I’ll make Sarah look at him mean and tag along with her on her visits.” He held onto his hand and took a deep breath. He didn’t like the idea of being this far away from Clint.
“I know,” James said quietly. It wasn’t that he didn’t think of Clint in his future as being a certainty but the worry he felt right then was overwhelming.
“Suppose not.” She shrugged and they went on talking about Pepper and what she had been up to over the holidays, what presents she had received and given. Which was when she pulled out a box packed in brown paper with a bow on top. It was a box full of christmas cookies. “Don’t worry, I baked ‘em fresh for ya and the lil’ one when you called the other day.”
? And to a rival at that… Now, lad, I can’t just look the other way.” The kid was quivering under Cap’s grasp.
Tony couldn’t stand seeing Clint this hurt and silent. Maybe it was just him and he was completely wrong but he felt like he could see through Clint. He forced himself up and went to sit next to Clint, dragging the tray as close to the mattress as he could. Most important was water. He knew that his stomach was empty and his body would need food sooner or later, it was just that he didn’t feel like eating. He filled the glasses and handed Clint the first one, clinking their glasses together.
Steve’s answering smile was small and cautious. He wanted to be overjoyed but he just had to be sure. “You’re really okay with it?”
Tony, who usually ate the spam first because he didn’t like the taste, washed it down with a gulp of water and a bite from his bread roll and looked up. “I was bitten once by a stray. I’ve been scared ever since. I prefer cats. You?” he asked and dipped some of his bread in the water to soften it. They were not only getting some meat, but also more water now.
Steve tilted his head to the side in mild confusion, not sure where James was going with this. He opened his mouth to ask but James continued.
“I love you, ma. Even when I didn’t tell you, there was never a time I didn’t,” he told her. She smiled a little. “But da? I knew if he ever found out he’d kill me himself. So I was careful about saying it or being it in the house, but not because of you.” She didn’t say anything because she knew he was right about his father.
It hurt. It wasn’t the most painful thing ever but it hurt so bad and the sharp stab of pain it had sent throughout his entire body made him feel like he was on the ground while Bakuto’s men circled him, kicking and hitting. The memory of the big guy who had slammed his heavy boot down into the middle of Clint’s shin was making him nauseous and he flinched.
He looked up from his bowl to see Tony watching him as intently as always. Steve felt the butterflies in his stomach fluttering much more furiously now, making their presence crystal clear.
James’ expression towards Dmitri softened and he turned to Steve as he said, “We talk to Loki. I think he knows more than he let on that day.”
“Oh,” Clint said, waving away James’ worries. “You have an appearance to maintain. I understand that, sweetheart.” He leaned over and pressed a kiss to James’ lips.
Gifted. That word echoed through Tony’s head. He was gifted? The numbers had been right there for everyone to see. When Steve exhaled he wanted to reach out, rest his hands on those broad shoulders and ask him if he was alright, if there was something he could do. He managed not to and simply stood there, waiting for Steve to look at him.
His mouth felt dry and he had to clear his throat before he spoke. “You’ll never have to see him again. In fact,” he began, but hesitated, thinking how best to say this. Logically he knew that Tony must know he’s killed people but saying it out loud once again struck up that fear of rejection in Steve. A fear he didn’t worry much about. No one rejected him, not in his business, not when it came to pleasure, no one. But Tony could. “Only reason he‘s still… around is because James insisted you’d want to be the one to…” he left the rest of the sentence to the imagination, knowing Tony would know what he meant.
“I checked them myself. Some had torn,” he told him. “But I’m fine. Dugan and Jones are staying with me, you know. They’re taking good care of me.”
.” He slid down into the bed, reaching over to the IV drip to give himself a little more morphine. He could admit that it hurt just a little. It didn’t take long for the painkillers to start to kick in and his alertness to go as he slowly started to fall asleep. “My Tony,” he said, smiling as he drifted off.
Steve sighed and let go, moving to sit down on the bed beside the things Tony was folding. He leaned back onto his hands and looked over at him.
“They were talking. Didn’t want to eavesdrop,” Tony said simply and it seemed to be enough for Sarah.
“So, when ya lookin’ at boilin’ bubblin’ water, it’s hot, right? When you’re in love it’s the same. Ya don’t need no confirmation. It just makes sense ‘cus it’s a given.”
“I am too. I was proud when you finally learned to use my nine-inch.” Steve raised his eyebrows suggestively and he and James laughed before James added, “did you tell him my offer?”
“Let me help with your things,” Steve said, grabbing one of the suitcases. “I’ll show you to your room. Love, why don’t you give Clint a tour of the downstairs rooms?”
It was another huge, open space with one large photograph on the wall of Sarah and Steve when he was much younger—perhaps in his teens, thin but grinning—and otherwise lots and lots of rural landscape paintings all chosen by Sarah who loved them because they reminded her of home.
“So… what? Did you guys play scrabble? Details, Rogers!” Bucky demanded, pouring himself a mug of coffee and taking a seat.
It filled Tony with a lot of pride that his mom’s recipe had brought so many people so much joy. He was happy and could only smile. He was in great company and they were all having a good time.
The man wanted to know about Loki’s political aspirations and Loki had attempted to leave but was forcefully sat again by another man. He wanted to know what Loki was willing to do to continue moving up in the world, to which he had said, “Anything.”
Clint waved away his worry. “Nah, not really. Never really celebrated it growing up. My father always drank away whatever money my mom managed to save up for presents. Mostly we’d just spend the day at church. He wouldn’t set foot in the place; it was our one safe space away from him,” Clint said and James listened closely because Clint did not often talk about his childhood.
“Come on, Rhodey, you know I’ve never been good with following orders,” Tony said, as if that was a real defense in any way. “Besides, I’m not disrupting your quiet, I just wanted to do a nice thing for you and the others.”
“Your mother’s home by the way,” James said, having heard her heels come down the hallway a little while ago.
James cracked a half-smile and confessed, “It scares me.” Clint’s fingers froze where they were and James opened his eyes to see complete and utter shock on Clint’s face.
“I know my way home, I don’t need a ride but thanks, pal,” he said, patting Dmitri’s shoulder and leaving. James entered the room with Dmitri, a smile on his face, so whoever the man was, he must have been with both of them.
Natalia’s deep voice cut through James’ thoughts and grabbed his focus. He turned to give her a smile as she came in the room, a starstruck Maria in tow.
“You really thought I wouldn’t?” He asked in a deep voice, gently biting Steve’s lower lip when he got the chance.
“I can do only one of those things,” Tony answered and got back up again. “Fair enough. Let me catch that stubborn beast first.” The idea of going out scared Tony. Steve had said that Howard was in a prison ‘of sorts’. But would he be released soon? Would he look for Tony and his brother? Would he find them? Why did they have to go out where they risked being seen and recognized?
“So,” Sam said as they all piled into the car to head home after yet another busy day at Firehouse 616.
By the time the dessert cards were in their hands, Steve couldn’t help but keep stealing glances over at Tony. He was
Tony didn’t know what to do. Sarah had pulled him away to hug him. She wasn’t upset or mad. Tony hadn’t done anything wrong? After a few moments in silence he allowed himself to relax. And after a while longer he wrapped an arm around her to be closer to her comforting warmth. Resting against Steve had been peaceful and warm but resting against Sarah... He closed his eyes and breathed in her gentle perfume and other comforting scents.
“I worked and then went out with Pepper. We... talked,” he said with a heavy heart. He was in over his head. It was too much for him to handle. “I’ll go change,” Tony said quickly and rushed up the stairs to his room. If looking Sarah in the eyes was this difficult, how was he supposed to look at Steve? And worst of all was how he heard Howard insulting him, telling him he didn’t deserve anything, that he was a whore.
Sarah, Benni, and he had breakfast. What was he supposed to do with all the food? He was still full from the rich dinner and dessert. He managed to eat half a roll and some of the scrambled eggs. Sarah took Benni to teach him some things and do his homework with him. He was eager to learn and finally he had someone who could take their time to teach him everything he wanted to know, which unfortunately left Tony feeling even more useless than before.
“Welcome home,” Tony said and set his book aside, feeling rather impolite just sitting there doing nothing.
When Steve woke up he was disoriented for all of two minutes before remembering where he was and how he got there. He sat up, his head pounding and checked for Tony who was already gone. He grabbed his things from where Tony must’ve laid them on the couch.
Now, as Tony wrapped an arm around him and they walked to the bathroom, Steve was angry and frustrated with himself for being so helpless. Rationally he knew he needed help so he could heal faster but Steve Rogers was not a man known for his rationality.
Lucky eyed Tony, tilting his head to the side and then going to Steve whose scent he remembered, sniffing his leg. Steve reached down and patted him and Lucky licked his hand, going to Clint and leaning his weight against him, again almost throwing him off balance.
Tony would continue to be careful but he stayed close to Steve and took his hand, noticing the blood and bruising around his knuckles. Since he didn’t see any wounds on him he wouldn’t mention it, knowing full well that it wasn’t his place.
Almost immediately Tony started to tremble slightly, holding onto Steve’s hand tighter. “Okay,” he nodded. “And you will stay here until… it’s over?” Tony didn’t expect to feel this scared. This was worse than his fear of Howard which he had always kept nice and bottled up.
James gave him a small, sad smile before he crushed his lips in a kiss. Steve was tense and then he melted into it, so familiar, so passionate, so much of what he sorely wanted. James stuck a leg between his and spread Steve’s so he could press himself even closer, his hands moving. One moved up to cradle Steve’s head and the other around and down his back to rest just above his trousers.
Benni went to school, came back later and spent time in the shop to do his homework there and Tony still hadn’t seen Howard. Maybe he died in his sleep. Maybe he had a heart attack. Or drank himself to death. Maybe they were finally free.
“Not yet but I will soon,” he said over his shoulder, lifting a hand to signal for them to stop. He silently indicated that Steve and Dugan should stay downstairs. Steve frowned but did it, understanding that James obviously knew what he was doing.
James helped Clint into the car and then sat Lucky in his lap, who seemed very excited to be going on a road trip. James got into the driver’s seat and started the engine.
For the first time since he could remember, Steve felt shame and he dropped his eyes, no longer able to keep the contact. Yes, Howard was a monster and yes, he deserved what he got but that didn’t mean Tony wanted that for him. He and James had taken matters into their own hands and never even stopped to consider what Tony might’ve wanted. This was twice that Steve had done that to him.
“Not many people would have said that,” he told him quietly. “Dugan’s the only person outside my immediate family who knows. Well, and Dmitri.” He could feel himself starting to say more than he should and bit back on his words. “Even Dugan wasn’t… a fan in the beginning. Think he felt he owed me his loyalty more than anything else.”
Steve laughed, wishing Tony hadn’t looked away. “I can tell you’re lyin’ just by lookin’ at the way you’re sittin’ here. When you’re healed, we might put you to work. Until then, enjoy unemployment,” he said with a yawn. It was almost 2am and Steve was starting to feel the exhaustion in his limbs, making them heavy. He wanted to keep talking so badly but he just could not right now.
That sentence cut deep into Tony. Sarah had assured him he didn’t need to talk about it with Benni because she and Natalia had given him a sufficient explanation to explain Tony’s disappearance.
Steve was so close to dosing but he instead dragged himself out of bed to clean them up and once that was done, he flopped back down beside Tony, his head on Tony’s chest, ear right on his heart, and he was out like a light, snoring softly.
Tony gave Clint a warm smile, one that was supposed to let him know that he was listening and that he could talk about whatever he wanted to.
“I feel sorry that you’re going through this and that there’s nothing I can do,” Tony clarified while looking back at Steve. “Of course. Do you want a hug?” He asked with a small smile.
“Because he lets me know if he thinks I should know. I don’t ask, I don’t question. He said he had business to take care of.”
He squeezed Benni’s hand and watched him leave the kitchen. “Sorry. I’ll go clean up my hands.” With a small kiss on Sarah’s cheek and a nod to James, he got up to go upstairs.
He licked his lips and shrugged. Just because he had no experience didn’t mean he didn't have fantasies. “I’ll go make sandwiches. Jones asked for them.” He leaned in and kissed his neck right under his ear. “Or else I’ll have to take half the day off,” he whispered and winked at him as he walked to the kitchen, swaying his hips an unnecessary amount.
“Here we go,” Steve said, sliding open the envelope and pulling the documents out. He laid them on the table and handed Tony a pen. He gave Benni one too so he could feel included. “Just need to fill in a couple things and then sign right here, love.” Steve leaned down and pressed a kiss to Tony’s hair, going over to the pantry to find a snack.
It was Friday morning and after a minor call a few streets over, Steve had asked Natasha to fuel up at the gas station near Tony’s shop again. They were genuinely on empty so he knew he had a few minutes at least. He’d hopped out and rushed inside, finding Tony downstairs talking to a very nice redheaded woman who introduced herself as Pepper.
A few days later Howard stormed into the kitchen. He was obviously already drunk but sober enough to have answered the phone earlier.
After work Tony and Pepper walked to Benni’s school and picked him up and Pepper’s siblings to take them to a nearby playground. Tony didn’t forget that Steve wanted to spend time with Benni but he also wanted his brother to have more friends.
James’ laugh bubbled out of him involuntarily. “Are you kidding me? Nothing on this planet could make me send you anywhere without me. If you stay, I stay. If you don’t, I don’t.”
Tony looked at the money, then to Steve and then back at Sarah. It was way too much, as usual. She gave him one of her looks until he took it, thanking her as he did. “I shouldn’t talk about our plans again. Remind me not to please.”
Tony nodded. “Sure. Let me get changed and I’ll be there in a minute.” That would give him time to think of things to say. He wasn’t worried about how his brother would react nor was he worried if he would understand it. Knowing his brother the way he did, he knew it would be fine. With that thought he went to his brother’s room and found Steve standing in his doorway, talking to the boy.
After they finished their cake, Sarah and Benni headed out to do some grocery shopping for a ‘special dinner’, as she had called it. She shooed Benni upstairs, chasing him with threats of tickles, to get dressed and not long after they headed out, leaving Steve and Tony in the kitchen.
“I’ll find a way,” Tony said with a smile. Dugan liked him and now Tony liked him too. When he was gone Tony looked back at Steve. “Distraction? Or do you want to talk about it?” He knew that sleep was off the table.
They undressed after Tony ran some warm water, the bathroom warming up with steam. They showered together, Tony massaging Steve’s back after washing it. Some nights this was all they wanted, all they needed too.
“He is,” Clint agreed. “You’ll make sure he gets to hang out with Lucky a lot while we’re gone?” Natalia nodded. “Okay, good. I think Lucky misses him too.” Clint nudged the sleeping dog gently with his foot. Lucky huffed and curled up tighter into a ball but didn’t wake.
Bucky inhaled deeply, mirroring Steve’s stance. “Seems that way. This is the fourth diner in almost as many months. Pathological arsonists can be very ritualistic: same type of place, time of day, same materials set up in the same way—this person turns the gas on and leaves the ovens open. Using a timing device connected to wire cutters which are positioned over an electrical wire, when the device goes off, the room is full of gas, the cutters snip the wire causing a spark and boom. The whole place goes up in flames,” he explained.
“Sir?” He asked, confused, and followed his gaze to the bandaged arm. “It’ll heal, sir,” he said and shook his head.
He rubbed his eyes and looked around his new space. It looked like a converted office. There was a bucket in the corner instead of the toilet he had had before, a small barred window that let in slightly more light than the last room, and then—
James greeted Sarah and nodded to Tony and Benni before showing them to their rooms. Sarah seemed exhausted and she excused herself.
Clint was ignoring the phone. It had rang once for a few minutes and he had successfully buried his head under his pillow to drown it out. He knew he could completely free himself from its irritating sound if he just took off his hearing aids but that sadly was not an option. Absolute silence reminded him too much of the memories he was trying not to revisit.
