They devoured each other as if time was counted. They were hungry, they couldn’t have enough, they wanted more, more,
“I don’t care,” Dean said through his teeth. “We’ve -- we’ve ended Chuck’s reign and freed the whole universe, Sam, Cas and I. Don’t you think Cas deserves a ‘thank you’ present? Like, you know, being alive?”
It took some time, but sure enough, he heard something. It was weak and barely audible, but he heard it.
freckles and his surprisingly green eyes and how nice he was to everybody but you’re not interested?
Oh fuck, had Cas seen the truth and understood Dean’s feelings? Was he horrified that his best friend, his brother of sorts, was in love with him?
“Cas…” he sighed. His hands trailed up along Cas’s arms until they reached his face. They were both trembling now. Cas was looking at him, mouth open, eyes wide. Dean was no longer propped on his elbows, and his half-sitting half-lying position would have been painful if Cas’s arms hadn’t automatically wrapped up around him.
Ah. Castiel should have known he would have to talk about it, sooner or later. He had thought he had dodged that conversation years ago, but things had a tendency to come back and bite him in the ass, as Dean often said.
“No, no, it’s okay,” Castiel hurried to say, because having a family member threaten bodily harm on the first date wasn’t exactly
Better be done with it. He’d ask, pretending it was nothing, and Cas would say ‘no,’ because for him it really meant nothing, and Dean would smile and laugh and say ‘okay, cool’ and pretend it was nothing.
The best man was still watching him, and Castiel knew he had seen it all – how flustered he was by the man’s mere presence. The other man was surely used to it (people with his physique usually were) and there was no way he hadn’t picked up on how nervous Cas was being pinned by his attention. Perhaps he was enjoying making Castiel flush and start; most people would.
They laughed together. That was when Cas noticed that they had been inching closer, closer, closer still, and he could feel Dean’s breath on his face. He had to close his eyes, because this was happening.
“Don’t mind him, I’m embarrassing him in true little sister fashion,” Charlie said with glee. “What were you two talking about?”
"Dean," He moaned, finally, as he went limp in Dean's arms and fell against Dean's chest, the high of both of their orgasms mingling in the air as Dean shuffled them onto the seat in such a way that his back was against the car door, and Castiel lay atop him. A few silent moments passed between them.
Castiel feels his face heat up as his lips spread into a wide grin. He steps forward, fingers drifting along the smooth, polished black metal of the car. Castiel isn't someone who cares much about cars, since he usually walks or takes a bus to work, but judging by the proud grin on Dean's face, the car must be extremely special.
The aroma of rich, black coffee tickles Dean's nostrils, and he breathes it in deep before stepping further inside the kitchen and leaning back against a counter, as he does at his own place when speaking on the phone.
a sad movie. I guess I would have been around seven or eight, back in ‘ninety-one. I don’t remember it clearly, but I do remember the radio playing Queen for weeks.” Dean glances down at his shut laptop before setting it down next to him and grabbing his beer by the neck of the bottle, taking a swig to soothe his dry throat.
And because Dean couldn't refuse an offer as tempting as that, he dove in, pressing his face against Castiel's taint, rolling his tongue around the lace, soaking it with his saliva and rubbing his finger right over the hole, never pushing in.
Another grind down on Dean's spent cock, and Cas is seeking his own release as Dean wraps a hand over his cock and jerks him, the traces of Dean's release spilling through Castiel's debauched hole, down his thighs and onto Dean's lap, as he peppers gentle kisses down Castiel's chest, and continues to jerk him. Castiel feels a familiar curl in his gut, and he clenches his ass hard, his shoulders and calves tensing, as he digs his toes into the bed, and with a broken
"Listen up, ginger, I don't have time for your fucking jokes. Castiel is hurting, he is crying, and he is in so much pain I can't even begin to describe it to you. If anything happens to my angel because you thought it was fun to lounge around and have a little wine, be all buddy-buddy with us, I'm gonna' grab a witch-killing bullet and lodge it straight into your red little head."
"There was this picture frame in our house, y'know," He swallows, “-on the shelf above the fireplace. Me, Sam, mom and dad. My mom was beautiful. Blonde hair that framed her face so perfectly. Beautiful eyes, a big, wide smile when she laughed. You know, it was one of those rare pictures where my dad was smiling wide and open. I remember very clearly the moment we took it. Dad just came home for the first time in three years. He was in his uniform. He got me this little wooden toy he found at a local shop in Iraq. And I was about eight, Sam was four, and I was thinking, I don't think I'll ever be this happy again. My mother asked some stranger at the airport to click it for us."
With a dejected sigh, Castiel steps away, only to be drawn back by the noise of a knock on the wall behind him.
"It hit you," Castiel whispers, his hands coming up to press over Dean's chest, and Dean feels himself seize up at the touch, "-the curse made for me, it hit you."
Right as he's about to turn towards Dean's door, it clicks open, and in front of him appears Dean, hands laden with a few duffle bags, the fresh scent of his shampoo floating in the air as Dean smiles. Castiel allows himself a moment to wander his eyes down Dean, down his damp, blondish hair, down his toned, well-built arms stretching taut against the fabric of the dark, brown canvas jacket he's wearing with a green Henley underneath, the very arms that held Castiel the night before.
"Stupid. So stupid," he mutters, and in a heartbeat, Dean's lips are on his. The kiss is brief, but it lingers on Castiel's lips, and all the while, Castiel can think of nothing but the fact that Dean is here. That he's standing here in Castiel's arms, despite the fact that he
’ fills Dean's ears, and he sways his head, bouncing his leg under the desk as he smiles, muttering the words to himself. In hasty, unbothered handwriting, Dean scribbles down the date:
"Explain your arrival. At this hour, when I should be dozing in my silk bed, here I am, speaking to you, who reeks of dirt and leather and somehow, blood."
a morning person." Sam snorts, folds his newspaper, and slides out of his seat. Dean watches him for a few seconds, before nipping at his bottom lip, then nods.
The wipes are soft and damp, and they glide over Dean's rough skin, the blood on Dean's skin seeping away into the wipe, as Castiel skims his fingers over the wounds.
"Eno—enochian spellwork," Castiel hissed, knowing once he answered Dean, the reward would be mighty. And as expected, Dean's thick fingers returned around Castiel's cock— massaging and stroking firmly, pushing Castiel closer and closer to the edge of his orgasm. Right when he thought Dean would let him climax, the fingers fell away and Castiel let out a cry, his lips now curling into a pout as he sobbed, and tried to squeeze his thighs shut, but to no avail.
"Merry Christmas," he whispered into the silence, as Dean turned away, not sparing him another glance. Lisa, bless her soul, hugged Castiel, commenting strangely on how nice his shampoo smelt, but Castiel couldn't be less bothered. Dean had walked away. And he hadn't turned back.
Dean envies the apartment. How it can detach itself from a person so easily. What once was Dean's sanctuary is now nothing but the bare confines of four walls and floor.
"Hold on, did we pay them extra, or what? 'Cause that's a pretty big house, Sammy, how the hell did they finish it in a month?"
Castiel shrugs and grabs the laminated menu in front of them, eyes scanning down the paper until they land upon what he's looking for. He passes the menu over to Dean, who just pushes it away. Castiel supposes with all the times Dean seems to have been here, he knows what he wants already.
Garth hung his head, obviously dejected, but obeyed any way, and dashed out the door towards their luggage. Castiel turned his head towards Dean, who pushed his suit jacket down his shoulders, and folded it across his arm. He unbuttoned the cuffs of his sleeves, and with a sigh turned to Castiel.
Let himself have Dean. Even if it was for a second, even if Castiel could not respond, even if tears blurred his vision, he let himself have Dean.
him – and perhaps it had been destiny if they had met the first time, but after that it had been Dean’s choice, because Castiel was
Afterwards, when he was busy photographing the feast as he was paid to do, he kept Dean’s booming laugh tucked close to his heart.
. He had missed the sense of taste, although it had come back lately. But now, he could fully enjoy the burger Dean had cooked for him. Dean had never cooked anything for him; this was new, and it was almost as delicious as the burger.
And he finished removing Cas’s shirt, feeling… well, perhaps he didn’t feel more confident, but at least he knew Cas had faith in him, and that was enough.
He swore he heard Cas grumble, “If I had known sooner how eager you’d be to have me naked--” He didn’t catch the end of his sentence, though.
you, and let’s say, I wasn’t pleased that it had chosen to appear right when I was getting really interested in you.”
Everything about him, from his absurd worshipping of his car to the hurt in him that Castiel wanted to soothe, from his passion for classic rock music and his love of plaid shirts, to the way he was always so nice and gentle even if he believed he wasn’t – everything about Dean was precious to Castiel, and he held everything close to his heart like a treasure.
He gave Cas’s cock an experimental lick, and was rewarded both by the taste -- damn, he liked the strong smell and the heady taste, damn -- and by Cas’s muffled scream of “Dean!”
And yet Cas – this unique, beautiful angel that no fate can bend – does love him.  How has Dean managed that – how is that even possible that Cas, bigger-than-life Cas, fell in love with him? he thinks, awed. And yet it is the truth. Cas – Cas can be his, and he can be Cas’s. If –
Dean went very still for a moment, his back still turned to Castiel. Finally, he turned to Castiel, very slowly, his shirt in his hand, and looking very flushed.
“Ooh, serious guy, aren’t you?” Dean said with a smirk. “You should relax, I’m sure you have plenty of good pics already. Besides, the party’s over. Cinderella went home already.”
“I know that now.” Cas was drawing circles on his arms, drowsily. Then, after a beat: “Is that real?”
“Dean. I’m not breakable. I’ll go and –” Cas felt at this moment that his bladder was painfully full. Well. It answered a few questions he had. “I’ll go urinate and shower. Do what you have to.”
“If you’re right, he’ll think nothing,” she shrugged, sitting back on the couch and grabbing her beer. “He’s an angel, that’s what you said. He doesn’t understand these things, right? If he has a question just tell him it was a game of truth and dare with me. I’m weird, he won’t think twice about it.”
, Dean can let it last. He doesn’t have to rein himself in. He can keep Cas close as long as he wants, as close as he wants. He can shake against Cas’s body, and feel Cas shake, too; he can anchor himself in his angel, breathe him in, rest his cheek against his angel’s, and let the words out;
Dean jumped apart from Cass like he’d been shocked. Celebrating? For a second his brain forgot all about the presidential election and jumped straight to ‘celebrating him coming out of the closet and saying he was gonna bone down with Castiel.’ He gave a big laugh and smacked his brother on the back. “Heh, well, you know! No more cheeto-in-chief, that’s good right? For like. I dunno, the gays and the country and stuff.”
He still had his arm extended awkwardly, but at this point, he’s resolved to just leave it. “Okay, I’ll warn you if we plan anything like this again. We’re not gonna, but I’ll tell you.”
Sam stood in the doorway of his office, confusion cutting deep lines on his face. “Hey, Dean. Do you know why it’s so busy outside?”
“Yeah, sorry about that,” he said, shrugging. “See, there’s gonna be a press conference in about an hour-”
There was a click as Castiel hung up, leaving Dean in relative quiet once again. The press conference sounded like it was in full force, or the crowds were yelling and laughing for the hell of it. Either way, it was gonna be Sammy’s problem soon.
“I said I was sorry! And I promise not to schedule any political events again, no matter how much they’re willing to pay,” Dean told him, offering a hand.
“Sam is not scheduled until this evening,” Cass said. “But perhaps he can help escort people in and out of the store. Thank you.”
“Uh. No problem,” he replied instead, stumbling over his words. Something still hung in the air. The store was empty, even the video booths, and all he could think about was Cass’s hand in his, still holding him tight.
Before Cass could complain anymore, Dean hung up. He felt for his fellow small business owner, but like he said, there wasn’t anything he could do. They’d both just have to hold tight and wait for it to blow over, and maybe get some free publicity out of it.
Dean glanced out the window and saw the former New York City mayor standing near the podium, getting ready to address the gathering of tired looking reporters and protesters. “He’s out here, they can see him!”
Before him, stood a large, wide English country-house. A manor, spanning across almost an acre, with miles of deep, gloomy green woods on one side, and a long, gushing stream on the other, where Castiel could see a brick road leading into the village. The manor, in itself was a large beastly thing, with a rough, gray exterior which almost made it seem ancient, with its spires and turrets, one on each corner of the manor. Leading up to the large, slightly chipped rosewood door at the front was a flight of short, marble stairs.
It's become a ritual for them now. Each Saturday evening, they choose a movie to watch together on their laptops, settled back against the wall to each other. They could simply call or text each other, but somehow their conversations across the wall have become an innate part of their friendship.
The car comes to a stop, and silence fills the air around them. Deafening. Repulsive. Nauseating silence. Castiel doesn't open his eyes, doesn't want to open his eyes, until he feels Dean move, feels his body turn, feels his hands slipping under Castiel's arms to wrap around his back, feels him rocking Castiel back as their lips brush in a soft, pleading kiss. Castiel pleads for Dean to never leave. He knows Dean pleads for things to be different.
ordinary people. What you feel for Cas, it's not, it's not shallow, it runs deep, too deep for both of you to understand it. And maybe you never will be able to understand it. But at least, you could try to cherish it." A soft sigh slips past Sam's lips, and although Dean doesn't look up at him, he knows the expression on his brother's face. Empathy. Assurance. However, when Dean glances up at him, he finds himself struck by the sorrow on Sam's face. The subdued envy.
and his stomach leaps with anticipation as he makes his way over to the wall, tucking his hands behind his back as he sighs.
Truth is, Castiel hasn't had the time to check his phone all night, so he doesn’t know if Green has responded yet. But his smile? It stems purely from the thought of speaking to Green again. Their conversations play on repeat in his mind, the banter, the discussions, the laughter. It makes Castiel feel light. Like a feather floating in the breeze.
They speak for a while. Dean is smiling, although sadly, and Kreschner is... Castiel can't see Kreschner's face, but he knows he's speaking. And then, at once, something changes in the air between them. Something that tenses Dean's shoulders, something that hardens his eyes, something that washes over Dean, and for a second, his and Castiel’s eyes meet from across the parking lot. Castiel wants to smile, but he can't, because there is an intensity in Dean's eyes— something resolute, something shattering.
Dean's ears perk up on having heard the faint sound of Castiel's deep, smooth voice, and his eyes flitter across the gaps in the door.
"Not in the books I've read. Snow always means sorrow." Dean's eyes shine with a glint of regret, and Castiel wonders if he feels as helpless as Castiel does in that moment.
"Why aren't you coming over if you're at home?" Dean asked, quite earnestly, and Castiel averted his eyes.
"We're not church people," Dean stated, pausing abruptly on one of the stairs, "-we don't want anythin' to do with the church."
“Life’s unfair, Blue, nothing we can do about it. But look at the impact he made. People worship him, buddy. He’s an icon, and the world will always know him as such.” A dim buzz, from the beer must be, thrums under Dean’s skin as he speaks.
Castiel browsed through the section of pieces of vinyl stacked in front of him. Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Metallica, and such. The pieces of vinyl were glossy, undoubtedly kept clean at all times to gain attraction, and yet, Castiel, who was at the record store for a reason— that reason being his recently earned bonus— he was looking for something else. Perhaps a cassette. Yes, that would do. He was in dire need of music to play on his stereo back home.
Castiel laughed, pulling Dean into one final hug, before walking back towards the front door, when Dean's voice had him pausing in his tracks and turning back.
Dean mumbles, and takes Castiel's hands into his own, before sliding his arms around Castiel's waist, and pressing his face into Castiel's stomach. Before Castiel can oppose him, Dean is kissing his skin, kissing above his navel, kissing up his abdomen, scrunching the fabric of his shirt up, pulling it off his shoulders, and pulling Castiel down into his lap. Chapped lips nip at Castiel's jaw, and a moan slips past his lips, as broad, cold hands press against his warm chest. The meat of Dean's palm rubs against Castiel's nipple, and he sinks his teeth into his bottom lip, falling pliant into Dean's arms, grinding his crotch against the chubby erection bulging inside Dean's boxers.
“The world is so unfair, right? I mean, Freddie didn’t deserve that. There are thousands of people in the world that didn’t deserve the way they were treated for being in the LGBTQ+ community.”
Castiel turns to the wall, unable to find the right words to express his... his... surprise? He's not quite surprised by the man saying he reads. A lot of people are avid readers. He finds himself struck by the ease with which the man finishes his sentence, the certainty in his voice. "I... So do I... And well, not to digress from what you said, but it's true. I'd prefer thoughtful conversations over idle chat any day."
Castiel asks, a slight smile at his lips. He zips his backpack, slinging it over his shoulder as he grabs the key to his car.
"I'll say it, alright?” Castiel says. “-You know why? 'Cause right now, I'm not scared. I don't give a damn about repressed feelings, about what's wrong or what's right. All I know is that you're here and I'm here, and I love you,” His voice breaks, only spurring the ache in Dean’s chest, “-and I'm going to lose you tomorrow."
The alpha sighed, and Castiel almost felt bad for him. He didn't mean for it to, but a soft laugh slipped past his lips, and at once, a heat flushed through his face. He found himself unable to meet the alpha's eyes. With their faces red, eyes wandering and bodies leant towards each other— it seemed almost as if it were something straight out of a Hallmark movie.
A soft, pleasant breeze of air stirred through the room and kissed their skin, and Castiel let his eyes flutter shut as his head fell against Dean's warm, comforting chest.
"You could've said anything. You could've shouted at me. Over and over again. As long as I got to hear you, I wouldn't have cared."
Dean went silent, and their words hung heavy in the air, waiting to be continued, but all Castiel could do was watch as tears poured down Dean's face— Dean, who was brave and strong, who always looked out for Castiel, who always stood up for him, whose courage never wavered— Dean was crying, and it was all Castiel's fault.
Dean gulps, and although Castiel is tempted to, he doesn't meet his eyes. He needs Dean to know he's wrong. That he can't just barge in anytime he likes, with no explanation, and expect Castiel to treat him as usual.
with Castiel adding in tips and pointers from time to time— they don't hear again from the man behind the wall. There are no noises of shuffling, or thudding, as there have been for the past few days since the man moved in, and Castiel assumes he must have fallen into a much-needed slumber.
Not a single coherent thought strings together in Dean’s mind, his throat dries, and eyes widen, hand falls to his side, and he stumbles back as he glances up at the man.
Castiel scoffs, and Dean laughs as he pulls the car out of their parking. In a few seconds they're on the road, the Impala rumbling, the heater whirring, and the touch of Dean's hand to his skin.
A dark laugh fell from Dean's lips, and although it only caused a single glint of fear to rise through the back of Castiel's mind, it was overwhelmed by the pure arousal he felt at his alpha's words. Christ, Castiel could s
Alicia stops, the brown curls on her shoulder bouncing as she turns to him, a glint of surprise in her eyes.
And then it hits Castiel, just how much he's going to miss Dean. Miss him making stupid jokes. Miss the deliberately off-key songs he sings at the top of his voice. Miss the way he's childish, and makes Castiel want to be childish too. Miss the way he sounds. The way he feels. The way he tastes. And Castiel finds himself thinking of how he could spend a hundred years with Dean and never get tired of him, of the things he does, the things he says. It's magical, straight out of one of those heteronormative fairytales his mother read to him as a kid. So, there's no singing birds, or speaking mice, and sure, there's no ball-gowns or magic kingdoms, but somehow, Dean has rescued him out of his tower where he stayed cooped up all day, and swept him right off his feet the moment he stepped into Castiel's life.
"What did you think?" Dean asks, and tightens his grip over Castiel's nape, not demanding or painful, simply adding a little pressure to make it firm. Castiel hums, and tries to rub back on the dry finger against his hole, eyes fluttered shut, eyebrows knit and mouth dropped open as Dean works a hand not only at his hole, but also his cock.
Dean grasps Castiel’s arms and brings him close. Castiel sees Dean’s face get closer, closer, closer, until their breaths are mixing and they are living on each other’s air, and it feels even more intimate than what happened in the Empty, and all of a sudden, Cas understands, he understands what it is Dean has been trying to say –
Soon enough, Cas was out of his own underwear, and Dean could take him in in his entirety. His strong thighs that could probably crush him --
He couldn’t help doing it in the end, though. His hips rocked softly, almost against his wish. His cock rubbed against the length of Cas and it was so good, so perfect, that he couldn’t help doing it again. And again. And again.
Cas was still looking at him as if he were too good to be true. If Dean was honest… he kind of felt the same thing. “Cas?” Dean asked. “You with me?”
“He hates the concept of soulmates,” Castiel said. He let himself fall on the couch. He felt beat up; defeated; empty. “He told me he wished he didn’t have one.”
If only Dean had wanted a soulmate... And if only Castiel hadn’t fallen a little in love with Dean for defying fate in the first place, and  for wanting to write his own destiny.
“He said so. He said several of his friends are going to get married soon, so I suppose we’ll meet again.”
They had been inching closer to each other, Castiel realised belatedly, and he stepped back just a little. He could have sworn Dean wanted to say something, but he closed his mouth shut as people inside screamed “The grooms! The grooms!”
And then, with just one more step, Dean could see him, at the end of the aisle – Cas. His Cas. Stunning in his black tuxedo, a giant smile on his lips, and looking at Dean as if he had never seen anything more beautiful in his life.
Then the smell of leather, and warmth, and the sound of an engine roaring softly, of tires on the road.
It is not simply that he has finally opened his heart, it is that Dean is alive, too, and Castiel feels like maybe he has found the meaning of his existence. If he was created to keep Dean alive – Dean, who will vanquish Chuck and free the world, he knows it – then his existence was not as meaningless as he feared.
He nuzzled Cas’s neck, dropping a light kiss on the skin there. Cas inclined his head, giving him easier access, and that’s how Dean found himself dropping kiss after kiss on Cas’s neck, trailing higher and higher.
“You aren’t!” Dean protested. “I’m – I’m happy to be with you, it’s just – you know, Sam and his way of saying things... Very chick-flick..."
“I feel at peace with that,” Castiel answered, and as he said it out loud, he realised that it was true. “My grace had been fading, Dean. I would have ended up human regardless of what happened.”
Sure, they had to hurry, but they had both waited long enough for that kiss. And right now, Dean felt powerful enough to tear down any cosmic entity that would try to rip Cas away from him again.
Dean’s eyes were searching his, desperate and pleading as Cas had rarely seen. It reminded him of Purgatory. This was not a good memory. But just as Dean had looked for him then, he had come for him now. And that? That was too precious for Cas to waste.
Dean caressed Cas’ cheek once again, and got up, propping Cas up as he did. “C’mon. We don’t have much time. Dunno where this Empty bitch is. We have to get you back.”
Dean’s strange jokes were pick-up lines, the international expert on lame pick-up lines had said they were...  Castiel’s heart was beating hard in his chest like a bird trying to leap out of its nest, dying to get close to Dean, to hug him, kiss him, touch him, and if he was smooth enough, he would be able to do it, that was something that could
And, well, Cas just happened to be sin incarnate, lying on the bed like that, his hair ruffled and his eyes mad with lust and love, and if  Dean just wanted to worship him… well, two birds with one stone, uh?
The tears were rolling down his cheeks, taking with them a burden Dean had never known was so heavy. He was feeling so light, so loved, so at peace right now. This-- this was what he was supposed to be, this was where he was supposed to be, always.
Has the Empty let them reunite only to keep them here forever – together, but kept separate nevertheless?
He pulled away again, panting. “Cas…” he said breathlessly. He couldn’t say anything, though, because Cas was kissing him furiously. When he finally pulled away, Dean said, his voice throaty, “We should move to the bed.” He hesitated, then added, “If you want to. We don’t have to--”
The wet towel Dean was using came back drenched in blood. That was when Cas noticed that his clothes were soaked with it too. His heart gave a pang of regret for his loyal trench-coat and his tie. He had grown used to them, as stupid as it was to get attached to the ephemeral and the unimportant. But after all, Cas had always been more human than angel, or so everybody said. He wasn’t entirely sure it was something he regretted being.
It is as if all rage has left Dean’s body – this rage that Chuck awoke out of proportions lately, this rage that is destroying Dean. Now, Dean only feels relieved and unburdened against Castiel’s body.
He had never thought he would ever get Cas, either. First, the guy hadn’t even looked interested. Worse, he had rejected Dean (and to think that was his ‘I’m interested but shy’ move...). Then, he had had
“I’ll have to photograph the feast, but – we can talk later. About what you want. For however long you want.”
“Just because he never showed interest in men doesn’t mean he isn’t attracted to them.” She winked at him, and, fuck, that was directed at
Dean’s face looked less tense than usual, as if he had let go of the perpetual strain that restrained him from being happy. Oh, it was still there, but Dean’s face looked softer than it had in a long, long time – Cas fondly remembered a time when Dean’s laugh was free instead of forced, when true joy would spark in his eyes, even if rarely.
are,” Dean answered. Cas opened his eyes again upon hearing that, big and blue and beautiful. He saw it in Cas’ eyes, the moment when Cas remembered that very sentence he himself had said to Dean a few weeks prior, the moment when Cas knew for sure it was not just a pretty dream, the moment when Cas lost himself in Dean’s eyes.
Regret. Will Cas regret not telling Dean before? Will that be what haunts his angel – never trying with Dean? No, probably not.
It doesn’t hurt less, though. It hurts more, because Cas is dead, and Dean can’t tell him, and they can have nothing, and Cas died not knowing.
Castiel closed his eyes as Dean’s protective hands disinfected, bandaged and stitched. Dean’s touch had grown even more gentle. It was as if he barely dared touch Castiel’s skin – was he afraid that Cas’s state would worsen? Castiel couldn’t tell him, though, that he barely felt the pain, but that Dean’s fingers alone shattered him in a million pieces.
“You shouldn’t be. I was worried that... when you and Sam would die... that I would have nothing left. No heaven, no family, for eternity. At least now, this is no longer a problem. And I know how to live as a human now.”
He doesn’t know that Cas is aware that Dean is battling with himself. What Cas does not know, though, is what Dean is currently fighting with. He has seen this type of inner fight in Dean before – often, actually. He has come to recognise it. It usually happens when Dean is torn between singing along to a Taylor Swift song, or pretending he hates it; or when Dean knows something about anything remotely intellectual, but doesn’t dare say it. But what war could be raging inside Dean’s heart right now? Cas is confused.
love in his eyes, and Cas feels stupid. Now that he looks back on it – Dean loves him. It seems so blatant, now.
Except that Charlie would check, wouldn’t she? She’d ask Cas, and she’d find out Dean had chickened out, and he’d never hear the end of it. Or maybe she’d ask Cas herself. Dean shuddered. That would be even
The attunement, the circle casting and the elemental blessings were a blur he photographed on autopilot as he was busy trying to convince himself.
“I don’t want to be paired off with someone I wouldn’t even like if it weren’t for the mark, you see? And I don’t want the universe deciding what our lives should be.”
and what part was fashioned for his soulmate’s taste. Yet at some point, Cas had wanted to know whose soul he had been fashioned for. He had wanted to belong. To
“It’s been – uh – it’s been a while.” Dean’s voice was uncertain, even more so than the time he had confided his hatred of soulmarks to Castiel in the courtyard of a church.
The silence seemed painful for Cas too, though. The way his jaw was set… the wildness in his eyes, even if Cas were forcing them not to move… the way Cas had seemingly stopped breathing…
They gasped when they finally moved back, out of breath and grinning like loons. Castiel didn’t let go of Dean, though, and neither did Dean. Castiel laid his head against Dean’s shoulder, smiling when Dean rested his cheek against his and hugged him tighter.
He shouldn’t get too far off the rift, though. If he does, how will he bring Cas back through it? But if he stays, he won’t find Cas. He has to keep going.
He had to be brave on this one, because Dean was there for him to take, it was within his reach if only he was daring enough—
But he hasn’t been better, he’s been worse than ever, and now Cas is dead again, dead to save him, taken by evil black goo like the one that coils in Dean’s stomach. It makes him want to throw up, or perhaps to throw things, or maybe to just lay there and wait for the end.
was Castiel supposed to answer to that? ‘Fancy indeed, since I fancy you?’ That was something Balthazar would say, he knew that, but Castiel was no Balthazar.
In the seconds that followed the question, plenty of possible outcomes came and hit Dean right in the heart. He had plenty of time to wonder how his heart would be broken. It was almost taking
“I probably should, but it was the funniest thing that ever happened in our house.” Castiel bit back a smile. “Gabe and Bal might have made a remix video out of it—”
“Adam Milligan is Dean’s brother?” Castiel inquired. “He never told me about him – the way he talks about his family, I thought that Sam was his only family...”
The dam doesn’t really have a reason to exist, does it? Here, in Cas’s arms, he is safe, he can be himself, because Cas loves him. He knows him like no one else knows (the good, the bad, and the hidden), and he loves him, and it’s
Then the sun will rise, and Cas’s face will be revealed to him in all its beauty. And as Cas wakes up, Dean will stroke the grey hairs on his angel's temples, and he’ll think he has never been happier. He’ll think that Cas was right, that good things do happen; that happiness is in
“I told you I heard something!” Jack beamed. Rowena patted his head with affection, and Jack’s beam grew even wider. It always did that when Jack helped Rowena in her shenanigans. And just like that, Castiel was
Exhaustion must have been playing tricks on Castiel’s mind, because Dean was looking at him as though he had never seen anything prettier or holier.
He moves his fingers on Dean’s palm, and this, too, feels intimate. He spells the letters of Dean’s name, slowly, one after the other.
Cas nods, smiling. He tries not to feel disappointed. It is not the fact that Dean has just let him know that he was family – nothing romantic – because he knows that, he has always done, and he is done hoping when he knows
Dean shrugged. “He’s taking care of the Empty. Negotiating, putting it to sleep. And Sam is with Eileen. He said he’s gonna visit – he, uh, he thought we needed to spend some time together or whatever."
“And you know what,” he adds. “Even if you don’t give him back to me, I’ll keep trying. I’ll never quit. I’ll try again, and again, and again. You’ll never be able to sleep again. I’ll wake you up every day of my life, and even after that. I need him. I
“Nope. Not happening,” Dean answered, his face ferocious. His grip tightened around Cas’s hand, almost painfully. “You follow me. We get out of here. Don’t even
Cas opens his mouth, but he doesn’t know what to say. “Thank you” does not encompass the gratitude, the wonder, or the absolute amazement he is feeling – nor does it correctly express how worried and upset he is that Dean put his life in danger again, for him.
“I started going to his exhibitions, and then to his classes—and you can say I fell in love with photography. I won a scholarship for a degree in photography, and—here I am.”
Dean seemed to hesitate. Then he said, “Tell me more about your art?” It sounded both like a question and an invitation. That was strange.
That was what they were all saying, and they were right. Naomi, Metatron, Chuck, Zachariah, Raphael, all of them. If they had been laughing and taunting him, perhaps he would have believed they were monsters too. But as it were, their faces were long and serious, their words cutting and concerned and bitter.
“Is that a problem?” Castiel asked, his voice low, fear and anxiety prickling at his skin. He set his jaw and squared his shoulders.
His voice was more forceful, yet it was still trembling. He was too miserable to even be ashamed about it, though.
“No, that you can do again. Actually, please, do it again every time we can.” Dean dropped another kiss. “I meant sacrificing yourself. Dying. Thinking I don’t love you. All that. Don’t do it again. Stay.”
“No,” Dean said. He wasn’t so sure of that, but whatever. All that mattered now was Cas’s hungry eyes on him. He felt his cock harden under this gaze and butterflies spreading in his stomach, and his heart drumming in his chest.
It didn’t look like Dean’s usual reaction to when he came back from the dead or to when he was injured, however.
“Hey, Cas!” Dean’s voice boomed in the empty church backyard, a striking contrast with the almost holy silence.
Dean was looking at his lips, but he wasn’t making a move. They were still holding hands, and their fingers were playing together, and Dean’s other was playing with the hem of the t-shirt Cas was wearing, as if he
-themed, the officiant had been dressed as a Stormtrooper, and if Castiel was right, the vows that were said during the ceremony were similar to wedding vows in
He rose his head, slowly, meeting Cas’s blue eyes. Cas was crying a little, too. Like he had when he had said ‘I love you’ the first time, just a few days before.
Cas felt guilty that he assumed Dean wanted out and had better things to do, when Dean had left him only to cook him– was it
“Keep going,” Cas said in a huskier voice than usual that sent heat to Dean’s stomach and made his cock even harder.
Castiel didn’t, but he didn’t want to ruin Dean’s fun. “It really suits you,” he said earnestly instead.
He was smiling, and Gabriel was right – he was barely looking at Gabriel, because his entire attention was on Castiel – how come Castiel hadn’t seen it before? Those green eyes didn’t leave for one moment, and the way they were looking at him...
“Oh, sorry!” a very drunk female voice said. She didn’t sound sorry in the slightest, and she disappeared into the crowd right afterwards.
Charlie gave him a small, condescending smile. Dean hated this conversation already. Also, Charlie had just watch him choke to death and she hadn’t done a thing to help him. She was
Yet... yet it wasn’t true to himself, and he hadn’t forgotten the cheer relief and happiness in letting himself feel, in letting himself be honest with Dean and with himself, the joy of being free from those chains.
Castiel looked away, cheeks rosy with embarrassment. It made Dean laugh. His laugh shook his whole body against Castiel’s; that was nice, and something Castiel definitely wanted to feel again.
‘Whatever?’ Well, at least Dean was clear on the matter. “You can go,” Cas said, “I don’t want to hold you back.”
“Hi, Rowena,” Dean waved awkwardly. Except that he did so with the hand Castiel was still holding. Rowena’s grin grew even wider as she saw that. She took a sip of her wine to try and hide her pleased smile.
But Cas hadn’t cummed, Dean realised belatedly. He could still feel Cas’s hard cock, so hard that he couldn’t fathom how Cas hadn’t orgasmed already.
Charlie’s lips curved into a sly smile and she slowly outstretched her hand towards the coffee table where she had left her phone. “How about I ask Sam and Rowena and Garth and all the rest? I’m sure
Castiel only realised they had been standing there, staring into each other’s eyes, when a cheerful “hi, bitches!” boomed near them.
The fifth one is similar, but their hands start moving. Dean tangles his fingers in Cas’s hear, caresses his neck. Cas’s hands are all over Dean, on his chest, over his heart, on his clavicles, on his waist. The hands are a discovery, and they know they’ll never tire of it – they want more, more, more hands, everywhere, they want everything.
(There was also that one man who had really chosen to impersonate a FBI agent. Fortunately, he seemed to find the situation hilarious.)
And suddenly, a perfect stranger was removing God’s looming shadow from his name.  “I don’t mind it at all. I like it very much.”
Charlie shook her head in disbelief. “Of course. That’s who Cas is. He rebels against Heaven and renounces his family and his army just for you, and, that’s, what?
“It’s not what I mean,” Cas insists. “You do not have to – er – return my feelings. I am grateful for what you did, and – it’s enough for me, Dean. I don’t expect anything, and I will never force my feelings on you, I promise you.”
“The Empty is… different now. More powerful. More aggressive. Even if I could, I’m not sure taking Cas from them would be a good idea. I’m negotiating with them right now,” Jack added. “They want to attack Heaven, I want to get some angels back to prevent Heaven from falling, and the Empty needs to be put back to sleep but it’s… complicated.”
Cas frowned in disbelief. “I had thought it was obvious. Dean, I—” The words were harder to say this time, perhaps because there would be actual, serious consequences this time around, or perhaps because being forced to tell them was simply too straining. “Dean, I love you.”
Dean was carrying him by that point, and stabbing the tentacles away with his free hand. It reminded Castiel of Hell, of when he had rescued Dean’s soul from the demons. He had had to carry him too, after convincing Dean to trust and follow him (that hadn’t been easy). He had had to fight demons away until they reached the way out. He knew Dean didn’t remember any of it, not on a conscious level, but sometimes he wondered –
Dean’s throat is dry, but he has to do it. He’s never been good with words – but he needs to be now. For Cas.
). The way his name is pronounced, this intonation, the emotion contained in this single syllable, how this prayer
Then the mattress dipped next to him, and Cas felt a hand on his arm. “Cas,” Dean said. “Cas, you awake?”
noticed the best man. Which was out of the ordinary, to say the least. He did not make it a point to ogle the best men at every job he got. What was even
The rest was all blurry. All he knew was that Cas was caressing him, or stroking him, or how do you even call it when it’s passionate yet full of love and tenderness? And he was doing the same to Cas; and they were going at it quicker, and quicker, and quicker. It was becoming messy and frantic and Dean knew he should be more coordinated and better at jerking Cas off because Cas deserved the best first time ever; but Cas was whimpering, “Dean, Dean, Dean,
“I mean, maybe he’s ace or something,” she said, rolling her eyes again, “but he definitely has romantic feelings.”
Castiel watched his back as he disappeared into the crowd. He still had work to do, and his new mission for the evening was to avoid Dean Winchester.
In a quick movement, he seized Cas’s shoulders and pinned him on the mattress, finding himself on top. “Hi, Cas,” he said, grinning.
Cas was looking straight at him, completely frozen. His eyes were wide with something Dean couldn’t quite read -- was it
“See? You spend years trying to get their head out of their asses and I solve the problem in what, twenty minutes? Say I’m the best.”
the trench coat was. It was a cheesy thing to say though, so Dean wouldn’t say it – or at least, he wouldn’t say it to Sam.
A hand was caressing his face, tender and loving, brushing the hair away from his forehead and wiping away the tears and the sweat (had he cried? he wondered).
“Tell me. I wanna know all about how people choose a career on accident.” Dean’s eyes were twinkling with amusement. At least, it was marginally better than to be laughed at. Castiel knew progress when he saw it.
They didn’t have time to talk after that, as the bride and the groom and their witnesses rushed to him to check whether he--and more importantly, his camera--was alright, and Dean was whisked away by a bearded old man to do God knew what.  Castiel went back to his photographs, trying to focus.
They chatted a little bit about it all -- Jack’s reforms in Heaven, the new angels he was planning on making -- until Jack asked the dreaded question. “Why did you want to see me?”
Dean was looking amused, and a little baffled too. It was probably his first time meeting someone as socially inept as Castiel.
“Make good use of this opportunity,” Gabriel advised. “Flirt with him, dance with him, ask him for his number, tell him you’re interested!”
Cas’s eyes scan Dean’s face, incredulous. Is it – true? Did this kiss really happen? But yes – Dean is watching him with intent, and it
“Maybe you are both interested but he didn’t dare ask,” Jack suggested solemnly. “Maybe he’s as intimidated as you are?”
to make sure this beautiful smile lit up Cas’s face (and lit up the whole room) more often. Like, everyday. At every moment. Because --
“Oh, Castiel, sweetie...” And just like that, Rowena was standing next to him and hugging him as if the world was about to end.
But now that Cas was looking for real – allowing himself to look –, and now that Dean was letting him see – allowing himself to show— Cas saw it, plain and clear. His feelings mirrored. The way Dean looked at his mouth. The way Dean looked at him, with...
And finally, finally, he could see it. Cas’ body, lying on the invisible dark floor, fast asleep, dead and haunted.
“His relationships never led anywhere,” Dean argued, trying to ignore the point that Charlie just made because thinking of Cas being attracted to men was… a lot. It was too much. As it was, he was already making a lot of effort not to look angry and flustered and bothered.
Dean scoffed again and took a swig of his beer to give himself more time to answer that. “Well, why do you believe that he is?”
But it was a sweet dream, and after his stay in the Empty, Castiel needed those. He had always been a dreamer, and he had always dreamt of what he could not have. It was a terrible life choice, and something he should be careful not to indulge in later on, but right now, he was tired, so tired, and this dream was comfort rather than torture – so he let himself enjoy it.
?’ Dean almost asked. But when Cas shoved his hands into the pockets into the pockets of his trench-coat -- something he never did either -- it hit him.
? If he had had his mother’s number, he might have sent her a photo and the comment ‘Contrary to your expectations, I have found Jesus and you still haven’t’). But he was also trying to find Dean. There were so many people that he barely knew where to look.
Dean had to lick his lips, and he saw Cas’s eyes follow the movement. Now that he was thinking of it… well, that was something Cas did often.
The theme of the wedding was LARPing – role play, “but not of the sexy kind,” Balthazar had mentioned with regret (he had wanted to tag along as Castiel’s ‘assistant’ until he had learned the hard truth). The LARPing itself, however, had no theme except “have fun”.
At once, Castiel's eyes snapped up, as if to watch out for something, and he trailed his eyes over each corridor, wondering which room he might find a piano in. Part of him wanted to check each room, study the inside of each one, see if he could find any semblance of life in any of the rooms, perhaps even a photograph, or maybe, simply a scratch of a nail on a desk— anything to convince him there once existed joy and laughter in the manor. Anything. He walked towards the staircase, deciding to rewrite the notes into his own notebook.
A cheeky smile spread across Dean's face, and Castiel shoved him by the shoulder, giving out an amused groan at the flirtation. And yet, he found himself unable to fight the heat thrumming under his skin.
His eyes widened as he studied the ink on the pages— it was certainly sheet music, and for a piano at that.
"Because you what?" Dean asks, but Castiel only sighs. He shakes his head, dismissing Dean's voice, and his eyes go numb. The tears stop, and he wipes away the ones already spilt.
"Thanks for the dinner, Blue," he says, as he settles down into his chair. There are a few peanut shells lying on the floor and Dean makes a mental note to clean them up later.
"I— oh, thanks, I, guess," Blue says. "-oh, by the way, I'm leaving your dinner out. Make sure you eat on time, Green."
It takes him every ounce of self-restraint not to turn around and hold Castiel, or even glimpse at him, but he knows better. Even with tears stinging his eyes, he compels himself to walk towards the golden rift.
If his silence is any judgement, Dean appears to be stunned for a moment, before his arm tightens around Castiel, the other still firm on the steering wheel.
"Cas—" Dean panted, and Castiel turned around, watching as Dean held onto his knees, gasping for air, holding a hand up to assure Castiel he was alright. On pure instinct, Castiel moved to Dean's side, pressing a hand over his back to soothe him. Dean groaned, before pushing himself up, and he towered over Castiel by a few inches, which prompted Castiel to take a step back.
Castiel smiles and tightens his grip around the buns before raising it to his mouth and sinking his teeth into the soft, fluffy bread. The meat is tender, oozing with oil, and it's the right amount of spicy and smokey, paired with the cool tanginess of the tomatoes and the crunch of the lettuce. The cheese sticks to his tongue, and he groans because it's been days since he had a burger — something greasy that will probably clog up his arteries.
"Hey, Cas, sweetheart," Dean whispered, cupping a hand over Castiel's jaw and urging him to look up. Castiel sniffled, eyes tinged with a glassy sheen of tears, and met Dean's bright, gentle eyes, "-you're here, I'm already living my dream. So don't you think I need anything else, kay'?" He flicked Castiel's nose, which Castiel guessed must have been red, and Castiel swatted his hand away with a fond smile, only for Dean to chuckle in his face.
in pain and pleasure, as he fucked himself on his fingers and breathed in the scent of Dean's pillow.
Dean shakes his head, pushing the foul thoughts away as he grabs a container and packs Castiel's brunch. He keeps it a little to the side of Castiel's door, before ringing his bell and dashing inside. Dean hears a door click open then shut. A minute later, there's a knock at the wall.
"I think I want to blame my father for all the doubts, but I'm also old enough to know I'm just trying to justify something that I chose to do willingly. I chose to—"
"So? What's the verdict?" Dean asks, circling his fingers around the neck of his bottle absently, as he tracks Rowena with his eyes.
Dean grinned, touching the back of Castiel's waist to guide him towards the front of the record store as they spoke.
"Dean—" Castiel sobbed, his face flushed with heat, as he heard the sound of a zipper sliding open, followed by the sound of trousers rustling. Scared, yet somehow aroused, Castiel pulled away, putting a good distance between Dean and himself, but his actions were in vain, because the moment he'd pulled away, a hand gripped him by the back of his head, and shoved him down over Dean's crotch.
Right now though, Castiel would fuck himself full of Dean's come, over and over again, until he was sure he'd be filled with pups at the end.
They slip into a silence, and Castiel feels Dean's fingers run down his waist, before Dean rubs a hand over his face, and opens his eyes. They settle upon Castiel at once, and Castiel gives him a small smile.
"Cas," Dean chokes out, one last attempt to stitch the frayed bond between them, but Castiel doesn't move.
A thin, blonde waitress walks up to them, her eyes beaming at Dean, and Castiel watches how she leans into him. She calls Dean by his name— which, yes, Castiel knows isn't something strange, since Dean's been here before, yet he can't help but frown when she brushes Dean's shoulder.
Dean, whose voice sounds like a beautiful Sunday evening with a mug of hot cocoa, whose laugh, contagious to say the least, is always hearty and rich, no matter how mundane a situation may be. Dean, who struggles to understand himself, but makes an effort with Castiel's advice. Dean, who leaves books for Castiel to read at his door, only asking for apple pie in return. Dean, who falls asleep at times, in the midst of their conversation, making Castiel chuckle and give a fond roll of his eyes before ringing him up and urging him to get to bed. Dean, who leaves little chocolates in the containers he returns to Castiel after dinner.
A sudden intrusion at his slick hole had Castiel's eyes going wide as he jerked on the seat, holding onto the headrest of the front seat to stable himself.
Dean pulls away for a brief second, simply to drink in the sight of Castiel, eyes shut, swollen lips parted, and his face, his beautiful, tranquil face: the face of every dream Dean will ever have, the chorus of every love song he will ever hear, the subject of every poem he will ever read, and the color in every painting he will ever see.
"Whatever," he said, and turned away, picking up his feet as he began to walk away. But somehow, he found himself wanting to return to the alpha's presence, and yet, he couldn't get himself to stop.
, the cure to it is physical contact?" Castiel asks, digging his heels into the bed so he can help himself sit up. Dean follows suit, supporting him by holding a hand to his back as they stare at each other in silence. Castiel's eyes are earnest and expectant, and although there are poems dancing on the tip of Dean's tongue about Castiel, he refrains himself, and instead, nods.
A stinging pain coursed through Castiel's chest as Dean pinched his nipples once again, but this time, he let his hands fall away and instead, walked around to face Castiel, mighty and broad, and it had Castiel cowering for a few seconds, before warm, wet lips latched onto his nipple.
A silence ensues, and Castiel glances back at the bright red-rimmed wall clock on the front of the room. There's about five minutes until break ends; until his call with Green ends.
Turns out, all it needs for Dean to bulldoze through his meticulously built wall of emotions, is the sight of Castiel's face stained with tears, accompanied with a feeble
.’" He let out a short, bitter laugh, remembering the words his father would say to him at times his attraction to men would show through, even after years of hiding it.
"I'm going to need silence. I will need focus. As I mentioned before, this spell requires utter concentration, and only when I'm at my best focus, will I be able to detect any smaller changes."
Dean pulled away a few minutes later with a smile on his face and laughter bubbling in his throat. He ran a soothing hand down Castiel's back as he laid his omega down on the seat as gently as a flower.
Dean's eyes snapped over to Garth, and he nodded, and followed Garth, who walked over to the front door, plucking out a large bunch of keys from the pocket of his jacket, and holding out a single, solid, iron key. He twisted it into the keyhole at the door, and Castiel watched, holding his breath, as the sound of the door clicking open resounded through the air, and at last, Garth pushed the doors open.
"You definitely hit the bullseye with the passion though." Dean laughed, earning him a shove to the shoulder from Castiel, who gazed up at Dean, wondering somewhere in the back of his mind, what Dean was thinking of him.
“Green?” Dean blinks, the sound of the word drawing him out a stupor he never realized he slipped into, and he wonders how long he’s been silent for.
"You should be thankful I'm putting it inside the safe way up, yeah? Fucking angel scum," Dean growled, and the warmth Castiel once felt from his words had now ceased to exist, replaced with pure, fiery hatred. Fear grew in the pools of Castiel's gut, knowing now Dean had accomplished his goal, knowing he meant nothing to Dean now. Of course, why would Dean treat him with compassion anymore? All Castiel was to Dean now— was a hole to ruin.
, and turned his head away. He rubbed at his red face— but then there were broad, tender arms draping something over his shoulders, and he blinked up strangely, only to find Dean's letterman jacket now draped across his shoulders.
Their eyes met, and perhaps it was another one of Castiel's illusions, but he swore Dean was leaning in, bridging the distance between their faces, and as much as Castiel wanted to move, the moment he stepped back, Dean's arms were sliding around his waist, pulling him in, and then, there was a brush of soft, dry lips against his own. It was the faintest touch, but Castiel gave into it, body and mind, as he pressed himself against Dean, hoping, wishing, praying— this was a dream, that this was all in Castiel's head, another one of his fantasies, but something about the way Dean rubbed his jaw before brushing his lips against Castiel's brought Castiel staggering back to the present, and he realised at once—
Dean asks, and Castiel tips his head back, over to the comatose body on his couch, chest rising and falling under the blanket.
Dean thought, it looked too good not to eat, and before he knew what he was doing, because at this point every last semblance of conscience and reason had flown out Dean's mind, he dropped to his knees, and rubbed a careful thumb over Castiel's tiny, pink pucker. It quivered under Dean's fingers, but before Dean could refrain himself, Castiel, the slut that he was, pushed his ass back against Dean's face.
"Fine, whatever,” the man on the other side of the wall says. “But hold on, you enlisted at twenty-one? No offense, but why would you do something like that at such a tender age?"
"Damn it, Dean, why do you have to make everything so complicated?" he asks, eyes wide and breath shallow.
"We're going to be late, now, come on," he grumbled after a few minutes, and walked around the car to slip into the driver's seat. Castiel stepped inside, slipping in next to him, and although silence prevailed between them, the strangeness between them had dissipated as Dean turned up the radio. In the meanwhile, Castiel's eyes wandered outside the window, where the first few traces of winter were evident.
Dean hates how he has found himself a new addiction, the taste of Castiel’s lips. Castiel is rocking in his arms, enthusiastic and keen, threading his fingers through Dean's hair, tugging at the short, spiky hair at his nape, enough for their kisses to be passionate, desperate, but never wandering farther than the borders of demanding. Their hands settle at modest places on each other's bodies, and it isn't until the elevator dings, its rusty metal doors grinding open, that Dean pulls away, his mind hazy, his lips tingling, and his hands grabbing at any and every expanse of Castiel's body as they tumble out of the elevator.
Right as Dean is grabbing the unopened bundle of newspapers on the coffee table, a knock draws his attention to the wall. Before he knows it, a grin has crept to the corners of his lips, and he changes course, walking over to the wall he shares with the man next door. He pulls up a chair and settles down, knocking once against the plaster to signal his arrival.
"Your cock is beautiful, my liege. So small, and red, and leaking. I can't restrain myself anymore," Dean whispers, to which Castiel moans, almost as high as a young maiden, and Dean is struck once again, by how exquisite the prince is.
"You have a nurse voice?" comes the response, voice now laced with amazement and a new-found vigour.
Something about how casual Dean is with him unfurls something warm within Castiel's chest, and he feels a giddy smile make its way to his lips as he crosses his arms over his chest. And then, again comes, the lingering feeling of the impermanence of the moment. How their time together will crumble down to nothing but a mere memory in both of their minds. And all Castiel will be left with is the ache of his heart, the longing he won't be able to suppress. Of course, he knows he can simply dial Dean's number when he wants to talk to him, but it won't be the same. And now that Castiel has had a taste of how his life could be with Dean, he doesn't want to give it up.
When Dean pulled away at last, Castiel blinked his eyes open. Now completely black, instead of the once bright blue and filled with grace. He felt strangely rejuvenated, as if his body had regained its strength.
"I want master to come on my face... So I can lick it up with my fingers and swallow it all down!" Castiel purred, shifting nervously in Dean's lap, as he fidgeted with the hem of his dress before whispering into the silence, "-You taste so delicious, master."
The lights in the dark room flip on, and Dean is astonished by the elements of the room, standing out at different points. As if on instinct, his eyes first drift over to the wall they share, and instead of the bareness Dean has been staring at these past months, Castiel has a beautiful accent wallpaper covering the entirety of the wall. He quirks his lip up in an impressed notion, eyes skimming over the long three-seater sofa, the television screen across it, a peculiar stand
Castiel turned away, not sparing Dean a glance, because by avoiding Dean's eyes, he was sparing himself.
Dean laughs, but his eyes twinkle with wonder as he brushes his nose against Castiel's, and a flurry of warmth unfurls inside Castiel's chest at the casual gesture.
Absently, Castiel's eyes fell upon the hem of Dean's jacket. Just the sight of it warmed Castiel, and reminded him of how soft it had been, how it had engulfed him with tenderness and love, how Castiel had slept with it for nights, how he had held it close to his chest whenever he could, how he wept a hundred silent tears over the fabric of the jacket, how he craved to be the one Dean wanted, the one who would bring Dean happiness, but Dean had found himself an angel. And her name was Lisa. Castiel wished he was Lisa.
Silence met Castiel's words, and he hoped for a moment that he hadn't angered Dean by speaking out of line, but as it went, actions spoke louder than words, and so it was with Dean, who without wasting another second, pulled his wet, blood-soaked fingers out of Castiel's pretty, red hole, and pushed the fat, leaking tip of his cock inside.
"Shh," Dean cooed, and at once, Castiel felt broad, warm arms embrace him, wrap him in a gentle touch, and Dean's fingers ran through his hair, touching him with such gentleness as if Castiel were fragile, as if he could break had Dean touched him with more pressure. And inside Castiel, bloomed something strange, and he relished in Dean's warm, compassionate arms.
supposed to be here. That he's choosing Castiel. That something changed within him, something that made him come back to Castiel.
He knew he was in love when he talked to Castiel through the wall. But the moment he laid his eyes on him, Dean was nothing but
"Did you need anything else?" he asked, and the alpha shook his head. His eyes returned to meet Castiel's, and a moment passed between them before the alpha spoke up.
"Don't keep standing there, Dean, you can come here." His hands reach out, fingers wiggling, and Dean shakes his head at the sheer childishness of the action.
the neighbourhood council, Dean, they want you to move in as soon as possible, preferably within two weeks. There's a lot of crap going on government policies, 'cause you know, the establishments are old, the people are old. And they're saying you either utilize the house or give it up for sale."
Rowena pauses, setting her hands down on the table, sighing in content, looking up at Sam and Dean through her mascara-laden eyelashes, and at last, sends them both an amused grin.
At this, Castiel's expression softens, and he steps back, a flicker of defeat within the deep, blue eyes Dean finds himself staring into. His shoulders stiffen, his demeanor morphing back into the same frigid one as before and his voice drops low.
"If you wish to stay back here with me, nothing would make me happier.” Something about his voice has changed, though he didn’t mean to change it. It's softer. It's weaker. It's raw with emotions. “-But now you're leaving. And I know it hurts me, and it hurts you, but I will wait for you. If you ever want to turn back. I'll be right here. No matter what happens."
,' Bobby's words echo through Dean's mind, loud and clear, but instead of feeling his usual emptiness, Dean finds himself hoping.
Another tear trickles down Dean's face, an almost pathetic reminder of the way Dean has everything he will ever need, and at the same time, he doesn't.
Within his sweatpants, Castiel feels his erection fill out with want and arousal, and judging by the thick, blunt object nudging at his ass, Dean seems to be on the same page as Castiel. Without another thought, Castiel rolls his hips back into Dean's groin, showing his husband
“It’s different, Dean. Okay? It’s different. You don’t it changes anything, since you’ve known all along, you’d be leaving, and now you’re just leaving sooner, but it changes everything for me. And you know what? I blame myself too. I let myself get so swept away in
All the questions on his face. All the doubts racing through his mind. All the explanations Dean has to give.
Of course, it would never come true, and for as long as Castiel would live, his wish would remain a wish, so he figured it wouldn't hurt if he happened to have his first kiss with Benny. But then Benny was turning away, his eyes wandering somewhere into the dark, and Castiel followed his gaze, only to find a very familiar, red letterman jacket illuminated by the blue neon lights.
A sob rips through his throat, and he bites down on the back of his palm to refrain the cry that slips past his lips, instead muffled by the hand at his mouth. The sound of teardrops hitting the paper with a pop captures his attention, and he looks down at the slip of paper, smudged with ink and tears— a poetic moment, he thinks, if it weren’t for the urge to tear the paper apart and burn it. The pen falls from his hand, and so does another tear. He swallows down another sob, the wet sound of it echoing through the room, as he reads out his words from the very start.
Before Castiel can turn with his angel blade gripped tight in his hand, Dean is on his feet sprinting over to push Castiel away. Something small, but powerful, gushes into his back and out, as if right through him, and he turns— his sight snapping over to the witch in front of them as her purple eyes glow with sheer fury.
Castiel grunted but turned his head around as best as he could to stare at Dean, and their eyes finally met. Dean hoped to see at least an ounce of regret in Castiel's eyes, however, all he was met with was affection.
The door grit open, and although Castiel found himself unable to move a single muscle in his body, he lifted up his head and glanced at the stranger at the door.
"Twenty-four hours of skin-to-skin contact. If it's an object that's deteriorating, it must be held to the owner's skin for twenty-four hours. In our case, we have a cute wittle angel rotting to death, so Dean needs to hold him for twenty-four hours, bare skin touching. The energy consolidated in your bond with Castiel will rejuvenate him. But it is of utmost importance that the contact must not be broken for a period of more than a few minutes. If it is broken for more amounts of time, the degenerative process will fasten."
With a sigh, he flings the book onto the couch a few feet away, and continues to walk over to the kitchen. Right as he's entering it however, the thought nags at him again.
But then again, the other half of Castiel's mind, the one dominated by his instincts and his biology, and his feelings urged him to accompany the alpha. After all, he smelt like safety and heaven, like the ocean and like the wide skies, and try as hard as Castiel could, he wouldn't be able to step down from his commitment.
"Then stay," he says, and feels Dean nod against his shoulder, feels Dean squeeze him, Castiel's hands roaming across the expanse of his naked back.
"The real world isn't like high school. People have jobs, and bills and other things to attend to. Dating becomes more of a secondary need."
Castiel nods to Dean's suggestion, and he feels his face heat up with the way Dean's eyes fix onto him. From the corner of his eye, Castiel notices Dean leaning in, and before he has the time to move, Dean kisses the side of his neck.
Silence falls upon them, and Castiel pulls his hand out of Dean's. He plucks a sweet potato fry from his plate and pops it in his mouth and they don't speak until Castiel has swallowed it down.
It was filthy, it was quick, it was messy, and Castiel couldn't get enough as he reached back and pushed Dean's face deeper into his asshole.
. It's a beautiful Saturday noon; the sun is overheard the glorious city of New York, and although a few buildings obstruct the view of the bright yellow day, a few golden rays filter in through the window above Dean’s desk as he continues writing.
"Dean," Castiel gasps, his thighs aching from the strange angle, and his hole burning red. Dean presses his lips against his forehead and runs a hand through his hair to soothe him.
The point here being, Rowena wasn't Dean. She wouldn't know what each moment Dean spent with Castiel meant to him.
Footstep after footstep, quiet and expectant, Castiel tread over to the door, eyes glancing down at the large, glimmering brass door knob. Something about the door seemed to invite Castiel, and his feet carried him closer, and closer, and closer—
Until junior year when Castiel realised he was gay, and utterly in love with Dean, perhaps he always had been, which had led to him having a breakdown in his room at two in the morning.
"What did, erm, what did Rowena say?" Castiel asks, breaking the heavy silence between them at last, as he clicks his teeth, and shifts back until his body is nestled between the soft pillows on the bed.
Dean pulls away for a moment, kissing up the side of Castiel's face as Castiel falls against Dean's shoulder, his orgasm building low in his gut, and Dean relishes in the sounds Castiel makes as Dean jerks him to his edge.
"Y—yes master," Castiel whimpered, as Dean crooked his fingers inside Castiel, and the catboy's back curved beautifully as he let out a moan and gripped Dean's shoulder tighter, riding his master's fingers with vigour and enthusiasm, as Dean kissed his his jaw. Dean brought a hand up to brush it through Castiel's hair, grazing it over his ear on accident, which twitched and Castiel groaned.
Unable to help the lump rising in Dean's throat, and the tightness in his chest, Dean shifts closer to Castiel, slipping his arms under his pliant, too weak body, as he helps him sit up. However, the first touch to Castiel's body has Dean's fingertips burning, and he stares at Castiel's sullen face, his own eyes wide as he sucks in a breath.
"Nothing," Dean smiles, and embraces Castiel once again, touching their foreheads together, "-just means that I love you. More than I could ever love anyone."
Castiel's voice draws Dean out of his stupor, and he blinks once, meeting Castiel's concerned eyes. The silence in the room is unparalleled, and Castiel's voice, although soft and weak, sounds like a knife cutting through the silence.
Castiel’s thoughts race. His heart beat fasters. His lips tremble, and he rubs his broad palms over his face in an attempt to calm himself down.
The word is a plea, and Castiel shuts his eyes, letting his head fall against the wall as he digs his nails into the plaster.
"Mind sendin' some over tonight? Oh, hold on, how about I treat you to hamburgers for dinner? Homemade Winchester hamburgers, loaded with cheese, meat and grease. You'll be mourning your arteries for weeks. Will that cheer you up, sweetheart?"
Dean laughed, and the First Blade fell at his feet, as he stalked forward, step after step, and ran a broad hand down Castiel's chest, reaching up to wrap his hand around Castiel's jaw, and brushing his fingers over Castiel's cheekbone, as he compelled him to hold his gaze, Castiel's weak, bleary eyes staring down into the demon's cold, bright green ones, which dripped with vulgarity and obscenity, and somehow, it excited Castiel to know what the demon would do to him with his broad, crafty hands, and yet, part of Castiel loathed his own self for having fallen as low as craving a demon.
After what seems like an eternity passes between them, Castiel speaks, taking a hesitant step forward, closer to Dean, and the intimacy between them lights Dean's nerves on fire.
"A hundred and one percent. It hit me. But we killed her, I mean, Sam killed her." He shrugs, "-so, we just naturally assumed the spell died with her. Why? What's that gotta' do with Cas bein' sick?"
"God-fucking-damn-it. You've got a beautiful hole, angel. So beautiful. Oh, I'm gonna' love marking it."
Castiel expected Dean to smile, maybe hug him again, but no, Dean was silent. Strangely silent, and Castiel found the silence deafening as he gauged Dean's reaction, which for a few seconds, remained cold and emotionless.
Lips quivering, hands trembling, jaw locked, Dean can do nothing but stay buried under the weight of Castiel's words.
With a fading laugh, the Empty's voice vanishes, and yet Castiel stares up at Dean, a confused expression on his face.
"That's enough, baby, you did good, you did very good. I'm going to take care of you now, alright?" He cooed, and grazed his knuckles affectionately across Castiel's cheekbones.
Castiel reaches for Dean's hand, and it comes easily, sliding into Castiel's as if it belongs there. Castiel strokes his thumb over Dean's rough knuckles.
. Yes, he has fine lines on his forehead, and yes, he has disarrayed bed-head, but he is healing, and nothing else in the world could ever give Dean as much joy as watching Castiel heal gives him. Castiel feels lighter in his arms— brighter, even, and before Dean knows it, there's a lopsided grin on his face from having smiled too much. It catches Castiel's attention, and for a few seconds, they stare at each other.
Castiel shrugs and lets the words hang in the air. He glances down at the book and blows out a soft puff of air, resting his head against his hand.
"Shut up. Where are we going?" Castiel asks, and it sounds more like a whine this time, but Dean hasn't told him yet, and he's curious. Obviously, it won't matter, he trusts Dean's judgement.
"We'll make it work tonight, okay? We still have some time. Come on, stop crying, Cas, you're strong, aren't you, sweetheart? C'mon."
"Because somehow I feel at ease knowing I’m never going to see you. Makes talking more comfortable, yeah?"
"Like what?” Sam scoffs, much to Dean’s displeasure, “-Do you have a job? Do you have friends? What?"
Helpless, Castiel slips under the covers, switching the night lamp off after him, as he feels the bed dip in the dark, and then the familiar weight of Dean settles next to him, his warmth exuding in brief waves, and Castiel presses his nose against the scent of the fresh sheets, before curling into Dean's side. Dean simply slips his arms under Castiel's neck and over his stomach, before pressing his cheek to Castiel's.
Every muscle in his body goes lax as Castiel leans against the wall, his hand pressed against the wall as he grins, his face warm as he tries to calm the excitement thrumming under his veins.
Right as Castiel was turning to Dean to retort, the large, broad rosewood doors a few feet from them clicked and creaked open, and from within them, stepped out a man, a tall, gangly, lanky young man dressed in trousers and a sweater, with a muffler sitting atop his head. Upon seeing Dean and Castiel, his demeanor lit up into a bright, excited one, and he scurried over towards Dean.
"You better tell me about whoever you do end up with. And if he ain't into music, any kind, or if he's one of those dog people, drop him." Dean takes another swig of his beer as he hears Blue laugh louder, prompting a smile to pull at the corner of his lips.
"Faster," Castiel croaks out, and Dean nods. He quickens his pace, evoking a loud, throaty moan from Castiel, who digs his nails into Dean's back. It's simple, missionary sex, and yet, Dean has never been happier. Maybe it's because of Cas— his mere presence, his love, his voice, his touch, his smile, simply him. Maybe it's the way Dean realizes, after having held himself back for years, that he can now fully enjoy basking in Castiel's love and in turn, shower Castiel with his own. Maybe it's the way his eyes can't, for the love of God, tear away from Castiel's face, because the tiny moans, the faint noises, the laboured breaths and the needy hums, all paired with the thoroughly-fucked expression on Castiel's face is a sight Dean has fantasized about for years.
In the solitude of his room, on the pages of a diary, he keeps hidden away from the world, Dean allows himself to exist as he is. The pages of his diary spew only the truth, no lies. A crude, unpolished
"I don't know," Castiel sighed, his voice heavy with stuttered breaths as Dean stroked him, and he felt the pressure in his gut creep further and further, deeper into his cock, and oh, release seemed seconds away, when—
Dean has felt this before. The warm, cosy feeling of being in love, of having someone to talk to, someone who will, at times, simply listen. But he’s also felt the harrowing weight of heartbreak, knows what it does to a person. Part of him wants to grab this feeling of comfort, of love, and never let go, no matter where it takes him, but the other? The other part of him wants to shun away all and any feelings of love because he
The world as it is, remains unchanged. The snow falls. The birds chirp. The trees sway. The wind blows.
And in the morning, after Castiel had cooked him a hefty breakfast, he'd put his scratchy leather boots on, kissed Castiel on the forehead, and left, with a promise of coming back soon.
"Sammy–" he yells, not bothered about how broken it sounds, because right there, trembling on the bed beneath him, is his angel, his best friend, the love of his life, and feelings be damned, at that moment, Dean needs Sam to help him, to tell him Castiel will be alright because he can't afford to lose Cas. He simply can't.
Nor had she been the one to watch as Castiel walked towards Lucifer, an angel blade in his hand, practically throwing himself at his death, only to watch as Lucifer impaled him through the chest the moment he came back to Dean. She had never been the one to wrap Castiel’s body and burn it on a pyre.
"Of course, I do. You told me to call you Alicia back when you asked me to run a few records for you."
Castiel squeezed the bee locket in his hands, before shutting his eyes, and holding it against his chest. Perhaps this would be the last thing he'd ever receive from Dean. After all, he had Lisa now. Lisa, who deserved to be showered with love and affection.
"Alright, alright," The alpha sighed as he held his hands up, prompting Castiel to chuckle, "-you win, omega. But," His eyebrows flew up as he held the first cassette behind his back, "-I'm still not letting you have this."
Castiel broke into a string of moans as Dean groaned behind him, and after what felt like ages, began to move. In and out, in and out. The drag of his cock was so long Castiel felt his anal walls dilate and contract, only to swell open when Dean's cock plunged in.
Around ten o'clock in the evening, when Castiel is on his fifth episode of a podcast about a truck driver trying to find her missing wife through a series of clues, and has downed one full bowl of fettuccine alfredo, he steps into his light blue scrubs. He begins to pack his backpack when a knock on the door— no, the wall— startles him.
He hears in the distance a door slamming shut and, with the certainty of Green having noticed the flyer, Castiel continues along on his walk down to the bus stand.
"You said it would be quiet," Castiel all but yells, and Dean leans in closer from the seat across Castiel.
Or at least it did, until Dean decided to move away so soon. Castiel is in love with someone who doesn't love him back, easy as that. They're friends, best of friends, but, sadly, that's all they are
Dean is silent, his eyes glued to the table as he pointedly avoids meeting Castiel’s eyes. Castiel wants to hug him, squeeze him in his arms like he did the night before, but for now, due to the distance between them, he settles for a squeeze to Dean's hand. Dean looks up at him then, his green eyes teary and vulnerable, and something raw, something pure reflects within them.
of talking outside of the walls of their homes, he crouches down at the door about a few feet away from his, and slips the note inside.
Dean pushes himself to stand, but right as he's shifting the chair, a soft thump on the wall draws his attention and he hears Blue say, in the softest voice, "I won't ditch you, promise."
The next moment, he was leaning down, near Castiel's face, and Castiel held his breath as he watched Dean move closer to him.
Blue laughs. There it is, that sound again, drawing Dean closer to a man he's never seen. Funny how a single conversation causes your mind to run wild with imagination.
Obstructed by a long, wide, black sheer curtain, stands a large bed in the far back of the chambers. A few candles lit in the corner of the room are the only source of illumination, and they drench the room in a soft, yellow glow. Lying atop the bed, dressed in nothing but a sky-blue silk robe, is his highness, Prince Castiel. In his hands, he holds a rose, twirling it between his fingers and picking at its crimson petals, dragging his finger down the stem, unbothered by the thorns sitting the green stalk.
Castiel tells himself it's not an obsession— no, because he knows obsession is not something he's capable of, or even has the time for, but yes, he's invested. He's more than willing to listen to Dean ramble on about the mixtapes he made back in high school, or the story of how his parents met, or how his liking for powdered donuts developed.
"So, boys, what's the emergency? Please tell me I didn't leave my charity ball on hold for your himbo non-sense,” Rowena sighs, tucking a strand of her curly red hair behind her ear, as she settles down on a chair at the map-table, steepling her fingers under her chin before glancing between Dean and Sam, who stand before her with their arms folded across their chest.
Castiel hears Dean walk away. He returns after a few seconds, and the sound of him settling against the wall echoes through.
"Mr. Novak, you've been so helpful," The girl’s mother says, smiling at Castiel with a glint of respect in her eyes.
Castiel's message is followed by no response at all, and the online symbol next to Green's name on the messenger disappears as well. An anchor drops within Castiel's gut.
"How you feelin'? Hope the ride wasn't too bad," Dean asked, his voice soft, laced with concern and worry, and it tugged at something within Castiel, as he turned around in Dean's arms, and pressed himself against his alpha, as much as his swollen stomach would allow. He noticed how Dean's hands rested on his belly, instead of curling around his waist, as they usually did, and it made him smile.
"Dean?" Castiel croaked out, shock dripping from his voice, and from a few feet away, came a dark, patronising chuckle.
"Hold your hand out behind you, and once you feel the angel, you mustn't turn back. If you do, you know the consequences."
"I don't want you to be," he muttered under his breath, as he dropped his mouth open and pressed his tongue flat over the head of Dean's cock. He licked his tongue around the length, and laved his spit all across the tip, sucking it in with an obscene slurp, even when he felt a trace of pain at the bottom of his jaw. He looked up at Dean, hoping he was alright with his skill, especially since Castiel hadn't had much practice before, but in turn, Dean simply had his head thrown back and his fingers massaging Castiel's scalp. Castiel decided he wouldn't keep thinking of whether he was right or wrong— he would simply do his best, and work his mouth around Dean's cock as he pleased.
"I know it's a Saturday, you must be sleepy," Dean says, and rises up, hand reaching out to touch Castiel on instinct.
"I've wanted you for months, Dean. When you showed up today, I was so scared. I thought you'd hate me, that you'd think I was disgusting."
"Is that why the two of you were... y'know...?" Sam crosses over to the bed, his hand on Dean's shoulder, rubbing in assurance as he leans over Castiel's unconscious self, and presses the back of his hand to his neck, then as Dean did before, to his forehead.
The smile on Castiel's lips fades into something sad, something morose, and Dean wants to curse whatever caused it. With a sigh, Castiel suggests they walk further.
"Dean—" Castiel cried out, loud enough for the word to echo through the room, as he jerked and struggled against the ropes, seeking any,
"Nope. Math was meh. English was cool, we drifted off topic, ended up debating about diversity in late nineties literature."
Dean’s mind acts on instinct, pulling Castiel closer with a hand on the small of his back. He rests his head against the juncture of Castiel's shoulder, dropping a soft kiss on the smooth skin there as he feels Castiel shake under him with shallow sobs.
Standing there, under the falling snow, out in the open, buried in each other's arms, Castiel knows they should be more considerate about where they are, but screw the world. Screw it for being so brash, for being so unfair, for taking away from Castiel the one thing he
In truth, Castiel wants to know more. What was so scarring? So gruesome, even for Dean Winchester, who tortures people and watches them bleed every single day? What could possibly have incited a reaction like this in Dean? A reaction where he's crying, mumbling, hiding? Castiel wants to know, but he knows better than to linger upon whatever is troubling Dean. He can't pick at the wound, so he simply wraps his arms tight around Dean's shoulders, leans down and presses a kiss to his forehead.
"Sam, I'm going to need you to shut your face for a hot minute. It's not a woman, and it sure as hell ain't love. Am I not allowed to have my own personal reasons for not moving in so soon?"
Their bedroom was as lavish as the rest of the house. Long, pleated, white curtains hung at the front of the room, framing the large, French window spanning halfway across the front wall. Opposite the window, stood the bed, furnished with the softest baby-pink silk sheets and pillows, and a huge, white net canopy hung above it— something out of a fairytale, and Castiel raised an eyebrow at Dean, who simply smiled. Castiel wandered through the room, simply studying and familiarizing himself with the touch of the paintings hung on the wall, the small, round table at the corner with a grand, golden gramophone sitting atop it, the wardrobe which opened up into a smaller, narrow room, and at last, the window. The window overlooked the woods, the murkier side of the land, yet from above here, the woods felt much calmer and sober than they had before, and Castiel breathed in the scent of the leaves, before feeling a pair of thick arms travel around his chest and fidget with the buttons of his coat.
Castiel urges him once the water is warm enough. Dean blinks back, as if being drawn by Castiel's voice, before he moves, stepping into the shower, eyes glued anywhere but Castiel as Castiel steps in with him. A sigh slips past both of their lips at the first spray of warm water over their heated bodies. Castiel rubs a hand down his chest, watching the sticky release stuck to his chest wash away. Dean shuts his eyes, his breath stuttering as he lets the water wash over him altogether, through his hair, down his muscled shoulders, and down his bruised chest.
A glance at his watch shows him it's half-past seven in the morning, which means Dean won't be up yet. He usually wakes up around eight-thirty, especially when he goes to bed later than usual. Last night Dean went to sleep around four, or at least so Castiel thinks. He went on break at four and Dean, being Dean, called him up, whispering to him about mundane things, like the litter of kittens he passed by that day.
them. Dean holds his hand out the window, and Castiel's eyes follow the movement as a few beads of white snow settle on his open palm. Dean flicks his palm over Castiel's hair with a rich laugh. Castiel simply shakes his head, running his hands through his hair to shuck the melting snow away, and Dean reaches up to cup his cheek. Their eyes meet, and Castiel feels a pang of guilt course through his veins as Dean reaches up to steal a soft kiss off his passive lips.
Part of him wishes he could haul the door down, walk into Castiel's apartment, and wrap his arms around Castiel, whoever he may be, however he may look. Dean doesn't care if he's short or tall, fat or thin, dark or fair, whatever. He needs Castiel. He needs his voice, soothing him like a candle in the dark, like the North Star to a lost traveler, like the river to his forest.
Dean was a good alpha. Castiel knew that. He had always known that. Any omega would be more than lucky to have him.
"Dean," Castiel rasps, his voice hoarse from having just awoken. The need in his voice dries up Dean's throat, and he feels a punch to his gut.
For a long second, Dean can’t find it in himself to answer. Should he tell Blue? It’s not like Blue would judge him. Undoubtedly, Dean would be accepted for who he is, but then again, he can’t say it out loud for the life of him. Not since John. Not since the fight.
They have strict rules pertaining to their identities, and although the world wouldn't crumble if they did happen to stumble into each other someday since they are
"C'mon man, you're like a walking Oxford Dictionary. Seriously." Dean chuckles, and Castiel narrows his eyes, turning back to the wall, as if glaring at a non-living slab of plaster could so conveniently convey his emotions to the other side.
It takes Castiel a moment to realise Green is talking about the poems in the book, and he falters before smiling to himself.
"Anytime," Dean says, glancing at the clock. "-Man, the electrician was supposed to be here at four. It's literally half past five right now."
Seeing Dean smile was one of the surest things to make Castiel smile, and he hummed into his alpha's touch.
With that, the heavy lull of a slumber drags Dean away, his consciousness spiraling out. Paired with the warm embrace around him, the delicate fingers dancing in his hair, and the assuring weight of Castiel next to him, Dean finds himself falling asleep faster than he ever has before in months.
"Look, I got the rest of the collection back home, buddy. And I drove here all the way from Lawrence, 'cause I found out this was the only place that sold this cassette. Please let me have it," The alpha sighed, and his face scrunched up into something pleading and desperate, and Castiel almost smiled.
"Hey, hey, baby, it's okay, no one's going to hurt us. No one's going to hurt me, Dean, no one's going to hurt you. I won't let anyone touch you baby, but you have to promise me to stay the night. Okay? You'll stay the night, and you won't leave tomorrow. Tell Crowley you were hurt. Tell him you needed a day off."
Three months. It's been three months since Dean visited him. The last time he visited, he'd spent the day with Sam and Castiel, playing a board game Castiel had bought once, playing cards, talking, laughing, bonding. The night though, Dean's nights were always reserved for Castiel.
In goes the snack box, the bottle, and his scrubs, folded up neat inside, as Castiel shakes his head at Green’s eagerness.
"Shhhh... S'gonna' be okay, s'all gonna' be okay. I'm not crazy, baby, I'm not going to hurt you. We need to get you nice and wet, right? If we don't, your little cunt's gonna' keep hurting, and as little as I care, I just don't think that's fair for you, is it?"
"To love someone is to tread through thick snow, for even though you might not look back, your footsteps will always leave a mark."
"I never chose you, Dean, I never chose for this to happen. It happened, and I can't change it, and I don't want to change it."
"And," Castiel breathed, as he leaned back against the counter and parted his knees for Dean, "-you're not going to remember this tomorrow morning."
,” Dean hisses, pressing the back of his hand to Castiel's forehead, feeling the angel's exasperating heat seep into his own hand, and then he shifts it to his neck, where once again, his hand begins to heat up in tandem with Castiel's neck.
It feels... hot. And secure. And safe. Like nothing in the world could ever hurt Castiel if he simply stayed in Dean's arms.
"Yes! Yes, Dean, I want to redeem myself to you," he says, and scrambles across the bed, bending over the headboard, grabbing the mounds of his ass to spread them open, and presenting his sweet, ripe hole to Dean, who wraps his hand around his wet cock and begins jacking himself off at the sight. No matter how hard he wants to grab Castiel by the hips and ram into him, Dean waits and watches.
It was strange, how their movements synchronized as Dean surged forward, pulling Castiel in, and Castiel came pliantly, throwing his arms around Dean's neck as their lips met and Dean swung him off the ground, pressing him into the tree as their bodies fused together, lips slick and exploring the corners of each other's mouth with enthusiasm and a hundred unspoken, unsaid words. It wasn't gentle like their first kiss, it wasn't testing and hesitant— it was firm and passionate, and seeping into it were a thousand emotions: the tears Castiel wept each night, the smiles he feigned, the laughs that never quite reached his eye, the hurt he carried in his heart, the relief at having Dean in his arms— everything bled into their kiss, and somewhere between their kiss Castiel tasted salty tears, either his or Dean's, it didn't matter anymore. They pulled away a few, long moments after, only to regain their breaths, and Dean chuckled strangely, the way people did when they felt thrill wrack their body, and Castiel supposed he couldn't blame Dean for it.
Tears streamed down his face, one after the other, as he watched Dean, still dressed in a navy-blue suit and tie, with his hair messy and his eyes hungry, move closer to the bed. His broad, large alpha frame hovered over Castiel, who let his hands fall to his side, and squeezed his legs shut at once, head hung down in absolute shame and guilt.
With his heart pounding, his breath short, and his chest tight, Castiel neared the classroom, pressing his back to the wall, and finally, glanced inside.
A hand on his shoulder, paired with the loud tenor of Sam's voice, draws Dean out of his thoughts, and he sucks in a deep breath, keeping his eyes pointed down as he swallows thick, giving a curt nod.
It had taken them guts to get where they were. It had taken them ounces of tears, blood and pain to find some semblance of normalcy, to be accepted. And only having Dean by his side, holding his hand as tightly as he could had helped Castiel pull through.
"I guessed. Heard you leave last night. And heard that exceptional rendition of Backstreet Boys too."
At last, Castiel dives in and Dean meets him in the middle for a soft, lingering kiss— their first kiss— and what they lack in skill they make up for in passion, lips gliding against each other, sucking and nibbling, moist lips swelling up as their eyes flutter shut, their lips meld together and their bodies connect— over and over again— with deep, fast thrusts.
"No, not really. It's just uh, obstructs my mobility," Dean clears his throat, feeling his own face heat up at the thought of them together on the bed, "-and you know, I need my mobility to go to Sam, and ask for help. Which of course, he can provide us with."
bothered by something so menial. A teasing tone laces Dean's words as he steps closer to Castiel, watching his blue eyes deepen with a darker shade of azure, and tugs him closer with a jerk, settling a hand on his waist.
"Perhaps we should discuss this when you're sober," Castiel sighed, as he hopped of the counter and bent over to pick his panties up. Dean watched as his swollen, puffy hole quivered and leaked a thin stream of come down the back of his thighs.
"Cas, I told you already, I'm moving. I told you I'm staying here for only a month or two. And I know we have this friendship and it's—"
, after all, they were lovers, but he managed to suppress his feelings. But the moment he stepped into the world of the living, and turned to embrace his wife, she vanished in the blink of an eye, and returned to the underworld."
The smile on Dean's face falters. His dim, dismal green eyes, not the ones Castiel had seen the night before, filled with adoration and affection, wander down Castiel's face, to his mouth, and with the softest touch, Dean brushes his thumb over Castiel's lip.
Castiel's eyes wander down, drifting over his ripped tank top, over his thick, tattooed arms, over a large crimson stain on his stomach, and his bruised, bleeding knuckles. Dean steps forward, and the distinct odour of blood, thick and metallic, floods Castiel's nose, and before he knows it, Dean is staggering forward, falling into his arms.
A snap of fingers in front of his face draws him out of his stupor, and Castiel lifts his gaze up to meet Dean's.
"Hey,” Sam greets, glancing up at Dean from his newspaper, and with uncertain feet Dean treads into the kitchen, heading for the bottle of water on the counter before turning to Sam.
"I know. Something about their innocence, it just seems unfair for them to be so upset, I suppose." Castiel sighs.
"I always come when you call." Castiel croaks out, and finally, Dean's eyes are drawn to the glassy, hazy tears brimming at Castiel's eyes.
"That's not fair, you're using my weakness against me," comes Dean's loud, clear disdain, and Castiel can almost imagine the frown on his face.
, Dean realizes, just how far gone he is. Gone, no point of return. He's fallen, and he's fallen so deep, he can't see anything but Castiel.
Mildred grinned, and turning on her feet, commenced her walk towards the corridor at the far corner of the manor. It was a moment later that Castiel considered stopping her, and called her by her name.
Sitting at the map-table, with a beer in his hands and his eyes darting over the different spots on the map, is Dean, although he knows his face is drooping, long and sad, as he feels the familiar sound of his brother's footsteps advance towards him. A soft weight on his shoulder, Sam's hand, and Dean looks up at him, managing to fix him a weak smile.
Dean nudges him away, pressing his hands to the sides of Castiel's face as he wipes his tears away with his thumb, finding himself smiling on instinct. Castiel sniffles softly
A silence lingers between them for a moment, and Castiel feels an unusual affection pool inside him. But it's not affection. He supposes it's a certain familiarity that bonds both men, the feeling of being understood, the feeling of being seen.
"It...It means, the thing...or person, I love the most, from the very, very bottom of my heart, begins to— begins to deteriorate. Their body burns up," Dean gulps, intimidated by the silence he's met with, "-their organs slow down," and just to make it
Perhaps Castiel should have checked his visitor through the peep-hole, but he was in no shape, mental or physical, to do that. His hair was a raving mess, his shirt was wrinkled from having slept on it weirdly, his pyjama bottoms were old and faded, and he wore a long, navy-blue robe over his shoulders that dragged behind him wherever he went. His face was groggy, nose red with having cried, and his eyes weary. If there was a Christmas spirit, it sure did miss Castiel.
"... Hey, I'll call you soon, 'kay?" Dean mutters into the phone, before slipping it into his pocket.
leaned forward, his warm breath ghosting over the slice on Castiel's face as he whispered, "—torture."
"This is so much better than talking through a wall," Dean hums, and Castiel threads his fingers through the hair at his nape.
Truth is, either way, Castiel is going to be the one at fault. If his notes turn out wrong, his fault. Tuning not right, his fault again. But then again, he's positive the tuning won't be wrong. He knows it.
Castiel groaned at Dean's teasing words, and yet, found himself unable to wipe the loopy grin off his face.
She’d never been the one to find Castiel dead at a reapers house, an angel blade pierced through his chest, and she hadn't been the one to breathe the biggest sigh of relief when he did come back to life.
Urged by Dean's words, but also wary of his temper, Sam and Castiel get to work. Dean pauses for a moment, wondering if he's feeling alright.
"Mhm. Better than Sundays. 'Cause you can relax, be unproductive, waste time, and you still get a token day after to make up for being lazy."
home, but hey, Dean wasn't complaining. Castiel bounced on his toes to reach up to a top shelf, and his short, low-cut French maid outfit bounced with him.
His blue eyes blur with unshed tears, and all Dean wants to do is bury himself in Castiel's arms, hold him, soothe him, tell him they're going to be alright. He finds himself shaken by the sudden onslaught of emotions he feels, but he stays put, standing his ground and meeting Castiel's teary eyes, although it stings him to watch Castiel teetering on the edge of a breakdown.
"I found it rather sweet, Mr. Green." Castiel grins, a warmth blossoming across his face as he drops his gaze to his feet.
The engine roars, and the car rumbles under them as Dean uses the palm of his hand to steer the car around a turn. A mischievous grin tugs at Dean's lips.
Dean's eyes meet Castiel's and a soft grin takes the place of his frown. He reaches forward, his knuckles brushing over Castiel's cheek, and Castiel compels himself to hold Dean's gaze.
Castiel hums in response, and continues to clean the wounds on Dean's face. It takes them a while, what with Dean flinching, cursing, not to forget, their incessant staring.
"Yes," Castiel chuckled, his face flushed red as he stared up at Dean from under his coy, fluttering eyelashes, "-very hungry. Only for master."
"So, this room right here," Garth started, and motioned towards a large, oakwood door a few feet away from them, "—one of the few rooms in the house with an en-suite bath. I've already had the room cleaned and freshened for ya', so you can rest for a while before dinner."
"Now, you've been so good for me," Another languid kiss dropped against his head, as if merciful and pitying, and Castiel leaned into the touch, before Dean continued, "-few more questions, and I'll let you go, alright angel?"
"First of all, there's something known as minding your own business, and second of all," Castiel gulps, shrugging a nonchalant shoulder, "there's nothing wrong with my tuning?!"
had flushed with heat too, and he averted his eyes, not wanting Dean to see the soft smile that curled across his lips. Silence lingered between then for a few minutes, before Dean cleared his throat.
session could result into. Maybe Castiel would feel better by lunch, and they'd go back to the way they were, since Castiel doesn't even know the implications of cuddling, and would find it confusing as to why they should speak about it. Second case scenario could be, Castiel calls Dean for more cuddle sessions, which would only make it worse for Dean, who would find himself unable to express his feelings for Castiel, but also craving their intimacy. The best-case scenario could be, both of them get their crap sorted, have heated, steamy sex on Castiel's bed, and work out a relationship.
As Castiel took a step forward, he felt a pair of broad, warm arms embrace him from behind, and he gave into the touch naturally, letting his senses breathe in the scent of his mate— a piny, musky, minty scent which never failed to charm Castiel, despite having etched every trace of itself into his mind for the past few years. Soft, plush lips pressed against his neck, and he smiled, letting his eyes flutter shut as he let himself loosen into Dean's touch. A trail of kisses pressed to his neck with every passing second, and Dean slid his hands over Castiel's round, prominent stomach.
"Fuck," Castiel cursed, as he spread his legs apart, one hand working his own cock, the other holding onto the metal door, and presented his ass to Dean, who laid a sharp slap on it, tinging it a bright, stinging red.
A few moments linger between them, absolutely still, before Dean suggests, rather boldly, “-would you like to walk with me?”
Castiel sighs, and stretches his legs out, twisting his neck to massage a crick, and he mumbles in a sour voice, "Alright."
"Man, I can't believe you were dumb enough to not wear a jacket. It's fucking winter, it's gonna' snow in a week, and you're out here in your—" Was that worry lacing Dean's words? It sounded like. Castiel glanced up at Dean, who had pulled off his own red, letterman jacket and had draped it over Castiel's shoulders.
"I don't want to go back," Dean croaks out, and God, his voice is so wet, so heavy, it twists a knife in Castiel's guts, and he swallows thick.
As soon as the last drop of coffee leaves his cup, Castiel crumples it and chucks it into the trash can. He's right about to leave the break room, when his phone vibrates in his pocket. He digs it out of his scrubs and taps on the dark screen.
"Were you waiting for me all this time? That's sweet of you, baby, did you want your alpha to be the first to fuck your virgin hole?" Dean growled, and yet, Castiel couldn't get himself to focus on Dean's words because Dean's cock was
"I haven't really played video games in my childhood, although we did have these little GameBoys and such.”
"Sure. Go straight home, okay? Message me if you need anything." Castiel smiles, claps Jack on the shoulder, and watches as the boy walks out the door with a smile, waving back at Castiel.
“Bohemian Rhapsody is one of the first songs I heard when I heard rock for the first time. I think it was quite apt of the creators to name the movie after the song,” Blue muses.
As he moves about his living room, his eyes fall upon a book in one of his boxes and he leans down to pull it out. It's ‘
" Castiel pauses, eyes burning with tears as he clamps his hands over his face, burying it in the warmth of his palms as a soft hiccup rises at the back of his throat.
But then, Dean's eyes went wide. His mouth dropped open as he gaped at Castiel, who stood, confused if not a bit panicked.
"They'll hunt me down, Cas. Just like they did with Barth today. They'll kill me, worse, they'll kill you, kill Sam. I can't risk it."
"— and nothing you say about him or me is going to break me. So we can do this the easy way. You give Castiel back to me, or I tear down the Empty and take him back
The jacket was large, and it sat loosely on Castiel's shoulders, almost drowning him in it. It smelt purely like Dean, like his laundry detergent, like his cologne, like
"Whatever it is, Dean, I know it's not your fault. And even if it is, I forgive you. Of course, I forgive you. You're here, and I feel so much better already. Whatever it is, just don't leave now. Just please...
"Why don't you go through the sheets? I'll tune the strings for you," Castiel suggests, and Jack hands over his violin with a brief nod. His eyes drift across the notes drawn across each page as Castiel sets the violin at his shoulder, fingers twisting the pegs, judging purely from experience.
Castiel hums, fingers dancing against the black ink tattoo near Dean's collarbone, tracing the flames of the anti-possession symbol with his nail, "And again? And again, and again, and ag—"
"Of course, as expected, we emerged victorious. However, the ambush is not what I'm here to speak to you about."
what will you do once I leave?" There's mischief in Dean's voice, but in no way or manner does Castiel see the humor in the question, so he sighs and lets his gaze wander out the window.
Green laughs and the sound buzzes under Castiel's skin. He grabs a plate and a fork for himself, settling back down on the chair near the wall, mostly on reflex, as he digs into his lunch.
"What I was looking at, boys, was a deterioration curse," She enunciates, and Dean turns to Sam, his eyebrows knitting deeper as he licks his lips, and glances back at Rowena.
"They're not stupid," Castiel pouts, only to meet Dean's broad smile. "-Besides, this one I wrote myself. I tend to just say its author is unknown, because I don't want to sound too pretentious."
Castiel doesn't seem appeased by Dean's answer, as he grumbles something to himself and pouts, leaning back down when Rowena touches his forehead. He shuts his eyes, and Dean sends him a final glance before walking out the door with Sam following behind him. The passageway sounds eerily silent, and it prickles under Dean's skin as the door shuts behind them.
He bangs his fist against the wall he shares with Dean, eyes frigid as they fix onto a mundane part of the wall.
"Yeah, you know what, let me go check on him," he says, and picks up his feet, walking out the kitchen and into the narrow passageway.
Question after question about Heaven, about the angel's war strategies, about angel weaknesses, about hidden weapons pestered his mind, all the while a demon with disgusting, pitch-black eyes and a cruel, grotesque snarl dragged an angel blade down his neck, slicing his skin and sucking his grace out— little by little, until he was ultimately, human.
"I erm, I feel bad about not letting you have it. Not that I'm gonna let you have it, but uh, looks like you're not that well-versed with the music these days, huh?"
A laugh echoed through the room, and Castiel watched as Dean grinned— no, beamed with a grin— his head falling back as he broke into a fit of laughter— laughter that felt no short of needles bursting Castiel's ear drums, and at last, the demon gazed up at Castiel. But something about his eyes was different. They hadn't gone pitch-black, as the earlier demons' had when they wanted to intimidate Castiel, but yet, a strange darkness had unfurled within those apple-green eyes. Something unhinged and feral. Something vulgar and grotesque. Something tragic.
"Hey, hey, hey, hold it," the alpha said. Castiel turned around once again to face the alpha, whose eyes now peered into Castiel's. A meek, flustered expression spread across the alpha's face, and his freckled cheeks flared up with a soft red tint. The alpha turned his eyes away as if somehow caught off-guard by Castiel's mere presence, prompting Castiel to narrow his eyes at him.
"And I'm sorry, I really am." Bright green eyes gazed up at Castiel, and before Castiel could run, Dean had him pinned against the metal door, one hand gripping Castiel's narrow waist, and the other cradling Castiel's jaw as Dean stroked a thumb over his cheekbone. As if on instinct, Castiel felt his eyes flutter shut.
"For breakfast?" Castiel asks, an incredulous chuckle slipping past his lips as he leans against the threshold of his house, watching Dean tie up his boots.
"What promise?" Castiel asks, restless, as he strives to know more, strives to know what Dean is doing, what he wants to do.
Castiel doesn't respond for a moment. His eyes wander over Dean's face, searching for an answer; for truth.
"I'm sorry I couldn't be brave enough. I'm sorry I couldn't tell you when you needed it the most. Cas— I'm— I'm so sorry—" he sobs, unbothered of how petulant he sounds or feels, because right now, it's all he can do— let himself fall apart in Castiel's arms. But he knows Castiel will put him together. He always has.
As soon as he steps out of the bakery, leaving its warmth behind, he's punched in the face with a gush of cold, sharp air, and he hitches his jacket closer, pressing the paper bag close to him as he takes a sip of the coffee in his other hand.
The Empty is dark, to put it simply. But even yet, a strange aura lingers in the air. Peace, quiet, too quiet— as if it were the calm before the storm. Dean can't see where he's going, can't touch anything, can't hear anything, can't feel anything. He feels blinded, and his hand flaps around as he tries to hold on to something— anything, but in vain. Even when he trips and falls over his own foot, he isn't hurt. He feels nothing. It's as if he never fell in the first place.
"Do I have a choice?" Dean asks, voice heavy as he clicks on a few unread mails from the neighbourhood council, cringing at the sarcastic tone of the text.
If there was anything Castiel anticipated, it was the slice of the First Blade on his flesh, somewhere in his his body, and he shut his eyes, hoping the blow would come, but it didn't. Instead, there were thick, nimble fingers at his chest.
"Oh, thanks, I'll take that,” he says, and waits until his student and her mother have walked away before shutting his door.
"Dean," Castiel mewled, reaching back to pull his ass cheeks apart, allowing Dean a clearer view of his small, pink pucker which quivered in tune with Castiel's breaths.
A single tear rolls down his cheek as he stares at Castiel. Castiel's eyes track the movement of the tear, and yet, he doesn't speak.
"You should check him out sometime. I mean, I know you aren’t fond of classical music, but for the fun of it, you really need to hear him play."
"My parents didn't approve, Mr. Green. They wanted me to have a stable job and a big, fat family, one who'd visit them every Christmas and Thanksgiving. But I couldn't give them that. So, I decided to pursue nursing and here I am. It's a good profession. Pays well. The people are nice. I know what I'm doing."
Blue laughs and the sound thrums under Dean's skin, igniting every fibre of every nerve. A beat passes, filled with nothing but quiet, and Dean takes the moment to allow his eyes to wander outside. From up here, the view isn't the best for there is always a sky-scraper blocking the sun, but Dean can see a few sparrows, their tiny brown wings fluttering as they chirp and fly about a tree from branch to branch.
snow feels special. It feels as if it were falling only for them, for Dean and Castiel, floating through the air and landing on the ground for no one
He croaks out, his hands crumpling Castiel's shirt where he grips it, face buried in the crook of Castiel's neck, thin, wet tears staining Castiel's skin as Dean goes pliant in his arms. Unable to help himself, Castiel reaches up on his toes, brushing his fingers through the hair at Dean's nape, holding him close in his arms, tight enough to hide him away from the world. Blue eyes prickle with tears, falling onto Dean's calloused skin, one by one, as he loses himself in Dean's arms.
Castiel hadn't taken the chance to study the house, but with the way Dean gazed into his eyes, excited and
"But first," Dean started, and Castiel fisted the front of Dean's shirt, tiny, soundless sobs wracking his petite frame, "-don't you think you should be punished, Castiel? After all, look at what you've done. You've stunk up my room with your stench, rubbed your sweet, leaking ass all over my bed, and then, since your filthy omega hole couldn't get enough, you fucked yourself on your fingers on
"You know, this reminds me of a quote actually," Blue says. His voice has gone higher with enthusiasm, something Dean finds rather endearing, "
"How about you read something for me? Another poem? Take your mind off things," Dean suggests, but Castiel shakes his head right away, a deep, red hue painting his face.
Their eyes meet, and silently, Dean urges Castiel to lie down. He complies, and slips down onto the mattress, looking up at Dean through his thick, coy lashes, and it takes Dean every last ounce of restraint to not lean over and press his lips to those delicious, slick, plump ones on Castiel's face.
"It was okay," Green says, a dull tone to his voice, which prompts Castiel to shoot a glare at a blank wall.
Somehow, his eyes darted towards the corner of the record store, and onto a thin, black stack of— ah, wonderful. Without another thought, he strode over to the shelf of cassette tapes, browsing through each one, considering them with deep thought. At last, his eyes fell upon a particular cassette, with bright, blue packaging, and he reached for it, only to find a hand snatch it away. Perplexed and confused, Castiel turned to the side, only to find—
Fed up with Castiel's persistent encouragement, Jack did end up enrolling, despite whining to Castiel about his stage fright. Castiel
But in a moment, Castiel finds himself standing in a brighter world, where the sun, the moon, and the stars— all belong to Dean.
angel? Maybe because you've been sitting at his bed watching him sleep all day? You haven't had breakfast, haven't had lunch, haven't eaten a single thing. That's how bad you have it for Cas, huh?" Sam asks, a sad but knowing grin pulling at his lips as he leans back against the wall, crossing his arms across his chest. Dean feels himself flush under Sam's words, and he coughs out a
Before Castiel could finish however, Dean was stumbling into the younger man's space, grabbing him by the hips and pulling him closer. Distantly, Dean realised Castiel was trying to push him away by his shoulders, but Dean found it hard to care about it, especially when Castiel smelt delicious, looked delicious and as Dean wanted to find out, tastedb delicious.
Dean fidgets with the fabric of the blanket beside him, his throat constricted now that he has to break the real news to Castiel. Now that he has to come clean. Now that he has to be honest.
"Do what you want," Castiel growled, and snatched his notes out of Dean's hands, turning on his heel and walking away.
Dean's face lights up at the sound of her name. Mary is his four-year-old niece. She's got green eyes, from their mother, Mary, and with the way she clings to Dean when he's around, it's evident
They start in tandem and pause in tandem. Castiel simply stares at Dean for a moment, before Dean speaks, "-You first."
Castiel whimpered, and Dean pushed his legs up until his knees were bent, earning a loud groan from Castiel. Dean pressed Castiel's ankles into Castiel's hands, and spread his legs open wide, "-sluts should stay sluts. Don't need them being bossy."
Castiel found himself relaxed under Dean's insistent fingers, and he watched with hawk-like eyes as Dean hooked his fingers under Castiel's waist, and in a single, fluid motion, picked him up, much to Castiel's surprise.
"No contraceptives, no condoms, no protection, and an omega in heat— hope you're ready to pay kindergarten fees, alpha." Castiel laughed, as he felt Dean lay down on the bed, cautious of his knot inside Castiel, and adjusted himself until they were lying on their sides with Dean's arm draped protectively over Castiel. With his foot, Dean nudged the covers, no matter how stained they were, and spread them over his omega.
"I just… whatever,” he says. “-I don't want to talk about it. There's a month left, and that's enough. What do you think?"
Instead of fear, however, Castiel felt himself leak more pre-come at the tip of his cock, and arousal coursed through his veins at the thrill of being fucked by a monster.
When Dean reaches Castiel's room in the Bunker, he pauses before the door, waiting for Castiel to call for him, since Castiel has already memorised Dean's footsteps around the floor, but instead of his usual gravelly voice, Dean is met with radio silence.
"Oh? Send him in. And Hannah?" Castiel calls out, "-you are dismissed. Shut the door on your way out."
"Let's go outside," he suggests, and Castiel nods. He climbs off Dean's lap and swings the car door open, a prickling, sharp gush of cold air stinging his face prompting him to tug at his jacket— no, Dean's jacket— closer to his chest. He catches the top of Dean's head from across the roof of the car and walks around to find Dean leaning against the door of his car, his hands stuffed in his pocket.
His wide, gummy smile brings a smile to Dean's own face, and he nods as Castiel turns away, setting his violin and bow back into the case. He seals the case shut and places
And this morning, when Castiel had stepped out of his car and followed Dean into the abandoned shack in the forest, unwittingly he'd stepped right into Dean's trap.
"I'm not gonna' go anywhere, Cas, gonna' stay here with you. Forever. I'll get you a ring. Promise. You don't gotta' wear it, but I'll get you one. You'll be mine, forever. All mine."
In the blink of an eye, there are soft, somewhat chapped lips brushing over Castiel's and broad hands wrapping around his hips as Dean guides them to the side, until Castiel's back is pressed against a wall, Dean's body, although by a mere inch or half, towering over Castiel. Dean's lips are eager, and the way he moves around Castiel at the moment, his hands soothing down Castiel's back, holding him close, his lips kissing with soft pecks, his forehead barely touching Castiel's, as he dives in deeper— it’s intoxicating. The movement of their bodies jostles the jacket in Castiel's hands, and he pulls away with a gasp.
Those words, then the loud slam of a door in the distance, and ever since, not a single word had been exchanged between them. Not a single text, not a call, nothing.
"Alright, well, why don't you play something for me? Something nice? Who was that violin guy you told me 'bout? With those freaky fingers?"
"Oh, uh, cool, great. I'll be around if you need me." And she's gone, vanished in the blink of an eye.
Rowena's eyes glint with something Dean can only deem as solid realisation. As if all at once, everything has made sense to her. Her eyes widen, and she presses her hands down onto the table.
"You're actually playing for me?" Castiel asks, eyes wide in disbelief as he stares at a mundane spot on the wall.
Castiel's eyes widened, and he tugged at the ropes at his wrist, shaking his head furiously, as if trying to warn Dean— as if Dean would ever consider his answer. A muffled groan fell past Castiel's lips and he tried to back away, leaning his neck away from Dean and grimacing as he shook in the confines of his ropes.
"So, you want me to what, take a day off so we can wait on an imaginary cat that you think will climb up five flights of stairs in an enclosed apartment building for absolutely no reason at all?"
"Dean— I'm close—" Castiel hisses, breath heavy and panting, eyebrows knit together and his bottom lip caught between his teeth as he nears his climax.
"Go on, fuck, Dean, make me come, oh god, I need it, need you to fuck me with your tongue so fucking hard,
His eyes shut and he continues with a soft sigh, "Oh, my apologies. As I said, I'm not quite well-versed with rock music, although I admit, it really riles you up when you listen to it."
Dean smiled, and at last, let go of Castiel to join Garth a few feet away, who was speaking now, animatedly, with his eyes skimming around the manor.
It was a few minutes after he was sure he had lost Dean in the crowd that Castiel let a tear roll down his face.
Blue sighs, but his voice is sated, and Dean wonders, not for the first time that day, what Blue looks like. If he wears glasses, or if he has a long nose. It doesn’t matter to Dean, but it does intrigue him, despite his own rule of anonymity.
, much larger than Castiel's own, and Castiel clenched his hole, wondering how it would feel to have a cock as large as Dean's sink into his stomach.
Perplexed, chest heavy and breath held, Castiel turns. The bed is empty. On the pillow, however, is a box— a tiny, red box.
An hour from now, Castiel will be in his one-room apartment. No trace of Dean around him. And he knows he'll be in his bed. Curled up in his comforter. Too numb to move.
Blue is simply trying to assure Dean, and it is sweet of him to do, but Dean knows he doesn't deserve to be treated like this, so compassionately, so tenderly, and Blue’s words spark a wave of anger inside of him.
The coffee machine beeps, the steam rising up hot and thick, the aroma of rich coffee beans floating in the air while Castiel grabs the kettle and pours himself a mugful. The liquid, smooth and dark, sloshes into the mug, the only sound in the room that of the kettle clicking, and Castiel sets it aside, grabbing his mug instead and bringing it up to his lips to take a sip. The burn sliding down his throat is bitter, but quite welcome.
The sound of polished leather boots clacking against the tiles filled the room as Dean stalked over to the bed. Castiel swallowed thickly, unable to move, overcome with guilt, regret, shame, arousal and anger.
“I’m sure it will once you start playing for me, Mr.Green,” Castiel says, a teasing edge to his voice as he smiles.
Dean laughs, tugging a frown at Castiel’s lips, before he speaks up in what Castiel deems is a horrendous English accent.
"Need, need your cock—" Castiel gasped, but before he could let out another needy moan, something tickled against the back of his neck, and his eyes fluttered open. His palms were planted over the wall as he bent over for Dean, but the tickling still persisted. At last, he glanced back at Dean, only to find—
— do something— I can't take it anymore—" Castiel moaned into the back of his palm, and his persistence only encouraged Dean, who began moving his hips with a slow, testing pace, leaning down to wrap his arms around Castiel's petite body, and hold the omega close to his chest. He felt Castiel's breath over his neck in soft, warm puffs, and Dean himself dove down to press his nose into Castiel's scent gland.
"Hey there," the demon grumbled, and Castiel noted how deep his voice was. Had he not been a demon, Castiel would have seeked shelter with anybody whose voice sounded as warm, but it was a shame the voice belonged to a demon scum.
Somehow, judging by the hesitance in his tone, Castiel feels the man has more to say, more to express, and that there's something he finds hard to say out loud, but Castiel knows better than to point it out. Could it be the man went through something similar? Is that why he’s hesitant? Who knows. Silence engulfs them, much to Castiel's dismay, for he finds himself intrigued by the man behind the wall, one whose face he knows not, name he knows not, and yet, whose words alone capture Castiel's attention.
"You deserve it. Got me real invested in the song, actually. And trust me, as a classic rock person, that's about as close as I'm getting to classical." The words are languid, the initial rush of the tone seeping away as Castiel lets his eyes wander over the room, though focused only on the man's voice, and any sound he picks up from the other side.
"Because chatter keeps me alive. Silence is an omen. It's the three seconds before a bomb explodes. It's the ghosts of our victims' cries. A reminder of the ones we killed, of the ones we silenced, of the ones we couldn't save.” An uneasiness rises in Dean's throat, voice quivering as he speaks, "-I hate silences, Blue, because when I'm up every night and I can't sleep, it's the only thing I can hear.
Softly, Dean cradles the Prince's foot in his palms, and begins pressing his thumbs into the Prince's ankles to massage them. Their eyes meet.
"And what made you think that, mister?" Castiel asked, crossing his arms over his chest as he lifted his lips in the slightest of a smirk.
It's as if his body doesn’t work at his volition anymore, because Castiel can't move, can't walk, can't speak. His throat is dry, his legs are stuck to the ground, but the world is moving, more importantly, Dean is moving,
"Great, why don't you get dressed, and I'll meet you in twenty minutes. I'll knock on the wall. Besides, I need to pack my bags into my car anyway. Might as well do it as soon as possible."
"This," Castiel chuckles. "This, this reminds me of a—" His chuckle exalts into a rumbling laugh, and he hears Green sigh on the other side.
"I don't want you to leave," Castiel croaks, his eyes glassy as he blinks a tear away. It rolls down his face, onto the pillow, within the narrow gap between their faces, and Dean simply locks his jaw, eyes intense as he regards Castiel.
His voice is calm, not a single trace of surprise in it, but there is a prominent endearment lacing his words.
Castiel grins, shaking his head at the comment. He glances out the window, the sky a pale blue at the early hours of the day, his voice at ease and languid as he speaks.
"Mr.Green,” he says, at once finding himself out of breath and at a loss for words. "That was... That was— I'm, I'm amazed."
A slender, white-gloved hand slipped into Dean's, and out stepped his mate, Castiel, with one hand held against his slightly bulging stomach— doe-eyed and radiant, studying the world around him. A voice called out to them from the front, it was their coachman wanting to know if they needed help with the luggage. Dean walked over to him to speak to him for a while, but Castiel lingered where he was, simply drinking in the beauty around him.
"Well, well, well," At once, the Empty's voice echoes through the room, and Castiel glances around with panicked eyes, as he holds on tightly to Dean, "-perhaps I underestimated you."
Green doesn't respond for a moment, and Castiel's heart begins to drop lower in his chest. Then he hears a soft sigh, soft enough for him to miss it were it not for the silence drowning them.
He remembers the tears at the rim of his eyes, the tremble of his lips, the quiver in his voice as he’d consoled Dean,
I'm super excited for this fic, and feedback is highly appreciated because I'm experimenting and would love to know your thoughts on this!
And somehow, in these little things, Castiel finds himself smiling, nodding along to Dean's words, losing himself in the sound of Dean's blithe laughter.
Now, standing there before Castiel with the knife twirling between his fingers, Castiel couldn't help but notice how strange Dean's green eyes were.
Upon Castiel's silence, Dean asked again, furious now, his eyes wide and his face red with anger, "-how did you fucking buy it, Cas?"
"Yes, please..." Castiel says, voice soft, and Dean grins, pushing himself off the wall as he walks into the kitchen. He scours the fridge and grabs some eggs, whistling as he works, as if everything is the way it's always been, as if he didn’t cry a mere few minutes ago.
It's Castiel's voice. And somehow, it isn't. It's much nasally and high, much more animated than how
If he has to move back to Lawrence in two weeks, he'll have to repack his things by the end of this week. Not to mention having to book packers and movers to send some of his furniture and items back to Lawrence. The other items he won't need, he could sell them on eBay. He'll have to end his sessions with Missouri, tell her he's moving and worst of all…
"You don't need to apologize; it was my fault. I was so confident that I couldn't make a mistake, and well, I was wrong. And you helped me realize that, no matter how surprising my student and I found your, erm, bizarre medium of communication."
With that, Sam hangs up, and Dean, now aware of the slight burning smell that rises in the air, turns back to the stove. He grabs the spatula and scrapes the eggs out in time before they char at the bottom. He heaves a sigh of relief and grabs some bacon, oil and seasoning, flicking them into the pan, the hissing sound of the meat cooking, echoing through the kitchen.
"But I guess I don't mind spending forever with someone who thinks Page is the best guitarist of all time."
Somehow, the demon had caught Castiel's attention. Would he... Would he keep up his end of the bargain? Would he really answer Castiel's questions? No, it couldn't be. Surely, this was a trap. Dean wanted him to fall into it. And Castiel wasn't going to.
"Okay, I'm confused. Are you in love? Did you get a new pet? Did management approve your leave, what? How are you so, no offence, so happy today?" She asks, as she settles down at the round little table and looks up at him. They've got about half an hour until their shift starts again, so Castiel indulges in a little pointless chat.
Castiel refrains from pacing across the room for he knows it will be harder to hear Dean if he walks away from their wall.
"That's what you did to me," Dean yanked at Castiel's hair, and it hurt a bit, but the thrill only fuelled Castiel's arousal, "-make it right."
, and Castiel grins at having enticed such a reaction from him. Castiel hums as he sinks his lips lower on Dean's cock, knowing just how lewd he must look to Dean with his fat, pink lips wrapped around Dean's cock. Dean knows Castiel, enough to know when he's being sincere and when he's teasing, and this is most
He knows now, where the string has been twanging, so if the pegs have been tuned right, the melody should flow with seamlessness and grace. Castiel hitches a breath as he nears the chorus. Something inside him wants this to be right, wants this to be fulfilling, and if it goes wrong, he's going to have to look deeper into it.
"M-master—" Castiel mumbled, "-I thought you'd come on my face," He said, and reached behind to dip two fingers into the gush of come leaking down his cute, catboy asshole. Dean sighed, before pulling his catboy into his arm, finding Castiel's teary, big, round blue eyes blinking up at him, a small pout on his face.
Alicia reaches into her pocket for her phone and sets it down at the table, tapping away at it. The action prompts Castiel to do the same, so he digs his own phone out
"Explosion," Dean says, and hopes it's enough to satisfy Castiel's curiosity. Castiel being Castiel, however, he pries further.
"I couldn't sleep, Blue, you know it. Besides, I always fall asleep around four and there's about a quarter of an hour left until then. So, I thought I'd keep you a little company."
Castiel paused, and fluttered his eyes open. He caught his fat, plump bottom lip between his teeth and gazed up at Dean with the softest of looks.
"Yeah, this is my mate, Castiel, and I'm Dean. You could just call us by our names, that's alright," Dean said.
He sucked bright, red marks into Castiel's neck, never breaking skin, but enough to ward off anybody else who'd try to compete for his omega's attention, enough to brand the omega as his own, and in turn, every small noise, every whimper, every moan Castiel spilled, significant of how much his alpha pleased him was enough reassurance for Dean.
. They could have said so many things in those five days. And now Dean will never know what they could have said, all because Castiel had a little childish fit.
"Keep going," Dean mutters, and Castiel nods, wrapping his arms around Dean's neck as he brushes his fingers over Dean's cheekbones. Once they flow into a slow, languid pace, no haste, no rush, no urgency, only want, Castiel tilts his head down to meet Dean's eyes.
Before Dean knows it, the fingers on his lips have been replaced with Castiel's eager lips, and Dean lets his eyes flutter shut as Castiel swallows him in, tongue licking ardently at every corner and curve of Dean's mouth, and his hands, curious and exploring, travel up Dean's bare chest, palms grinding into Dean's nipple and prompting him to let out a rumbling moan inside Castiel's mouth. Unable to keep his hands to himself, Dean slides his arms under Castiel's shirt, but this time, he pulls it right over his head and tosses it aside, allowing himself to feel the press of Castiel's naked chest against his own, and as exciting as it feels, Dean needs more of it. More naked skin, more grinding, more rubbing, more sweat, more noise— he needs everything Castiel can give him.
Castiel's lips trembled, and his eyelashes fluttered as he struggled to restrain his tears. He cowered, hiding within his own shoulders, reminding himself not to cry in front of Dean, because he knew if he started, he wouldn't be able to stop, and look, he'd made a mess already, when all he wanted was to make Dean happy. But as always, he'd ended up disappointing Dean, making him angry, ruining his cheery mood.
"Dean," Castiel says, all at once, and all three eyes in the room shift onto him. He flutters his eyes open from where he's lying down, and glances up at Dean. Their eyes meet, and it's almost as if something within Castiel's eyes is calling for Dean, and the revelation startles Dean for a moment.
And just as easily as Castiel had given into Dean's touch, he pulled away, stepping back as if the very touch of Dean's skin on his own charred his flesh, and he stumbled backwards, crashing into people, mumbling futile apologies, as Dean chased after him, calling out his name, a litany of
"Oh, I know. " The man enunciates his words with such drama, it makes Dean snort, "If I ever have a child, maybe ten years from now, I'll make sure I raise it in a world with music. Music means a lot to me, Mr.Green, I can't tell you how much. If there's anything I'm seriously thankful for, it's for the fact that my parents enrolled me in piano lessons one summer. Since then, music has become an integral part of me. I can't go a day without playing my instruments."
? Mr.Green, please, don't be so modest, it was very good. Trust me. I have nothing to gain from lying to you, so when I tell you it was good, you believe me."
"And you're a pervert," Castiel says tenderly, as he spreads his legs open wide, and presses the back of his hand into his mouth to cover his face. Dean's eyes however, remain transfixed to the sight under him. Slowly, he slides his rough, calloused hands up the prince's smooth, young skin, and crawls over the bed until he's hovering above the prince.
Being inside Castiel felt like nothing Dean had ever felt before. It was tight, suffocating, wet, warm, fleshy— Dean couldn't get enough. If he had his way, he'd have Castiel sitting on his cock every second of every day, but for now, he focused on setting an easy pace, thrusting in and out, watching as Castiel's hole budded and sank in along with Dean's cock, and how Dean's cock plunged into the depths of his tight, wet heat, over and over again.
"Oh, you angel." Dean sighs, and plops himself down on his couch, crossing his leg over the other as he sprawls back.
"You shouldn't be so hard on them,” he says. “I mean, it's not my place to speak, not at all, but take it from someone who's lost both parents in the course of over five years."
His head buzzed with the remnants of wine in his body, and he sighed as he dragged his feet up the marble stairs at the entrance of his condo. His suit, apart from being slightly rumpled, seemed to itch at his skin—
Jack pauses once more, a creeping irritation twitching at his lips. Castiel, who has been pacing around all this while, stops in his tracks and sighs.
He reaches his hand out, and the moment his finger tips touch the rift, he feels a surge of electricity course through his body.
He expects Dean to refuse him, but Dean agrees, nodding his head with a jerk as he steps inside the one bedroom apartment, shutting the door behind him as Castiel steps away.
"It's— it's magnificent. I can feel you Dean,” Castiel chuckles, still bouncing on Dean's cock, "—I can feel you so deep inside me, I never want to be empty again."
"Touch me, please—" Castiel gasped, struggling to reach out, but the ropes around his body stung his bruised, red skin, and a sob fell past his lips, tears staining his flushed face as pain crawled through him.
The demon trudged over to where Castiel had been suspended with the ropes, and smiled with a satisfied hum.
He doubts the man could have heard him, especially with how soft his voice was, but his doubts dissipate the moment he hears a soft
Even if it meant losing Dean. Even if it meant Dean would never love him. Even if it meant impaling a knife through his heart. Even if it meant crying himself to sleep every night. Even if it meant losing his appetite.
"Do you still wanna' eat Master's come off your fingers?" Dean asked, feeling his cock bulge out again, as Castiel rubbed his ass against Dean's desk.
"Are you alright?" A voice called from behind him, and he turned around, only to find the very face he'd been envying seconds ago. Bright, glorious, the epitome of beauty. Lisa.
, and then he had headed home alone, pulling the jacket Dean had given him over his shoulders. He'd hidden it in his bag, and he wouldn't dare wear it in school, but only where he knew Dean would never find him.
Must be nice, having a mother who calls in to check on you. Ever since his own mother passed a few years ago, things haven't been the same for Dean. And yet, even now, he recalls his mother: a warrior on the field, but a young, beautiful woman at home. He remembers her in her frilly little sundresses and her matching broad headbands, how she'd bake pie each Sunday, and how she'd play with Dean at the park when he was young.
"Dean, calm down, it's alright, it's not a surprise to any of us. Things happen, feelings happen, you can't control them–" Sam starts, but Dean doesn't let him finish, already biting back.
Before Castiel knows it, his fingers are drumming against the wooden arm of the chair, and his head sways on its own volition.
"Needed to mark you in some way." He growled, only to grab a stunned Castiel by the waist, and flip him over onto his back with a loud thud. Dean crawled over to Castiel's chest, his huge alpha cock hanging right in front of Castiel's face, and grabbed a chunk of Castiel's hair to yank him up.
"I'm close too," he gasps, and Castiel whimpers, burying his face in the crook of Dean's neck as he rides Dean to his orgasm, and before he can warn Castiel, he's pumping a load inside— hot, thick and sticky, but Castiel takes it all with a loopy grin.
, Dean thought as he jumped off the chair and onto his feet, unbuckling his belt and pulling his zipper down to dig his aching, throbbing red cock out of his trousers. Castiel wiggled his ass, his tail flying up to stroke Dean's jaw, and Dean felt his face flush at the tender action, but not before long, he was stepping forward, rubbing his soaked fingers over his cock to slick it up. He pressed the leaking tip of his cock to Castiel's pink, quivering hole and dragged it down the boy's taint, earning him a loud mewl from the catboy.
Dean only nods with a jerk, and pulls Castiel into a hug, placing his hand over the back of Castiel's head, dropping gentle kisses over his forehead and hair as he squeezes Castiel in his arms. Castiel grabs onto Dean's shirt, burying his face in Dean’s calming scent, which now provides him with nothing but reassurance, as he smiles, tears staining Dean's jacket. Then he pulls away and cups Dean's jaw in his hands.
Relief coursed through his veins as he felt his orgasm spill on the bedsheet, for the fifth— no, sixth time that hour, and yet, he didn't bother pulling his fingers out, rather, pushed in a fourth finger.
