Sherlock does not have to take the punishment of homosexuality into consideration as the kiss grows hungrier. They are surrounded by dull industries and, much like B Street Biker's base, most of them seem to have been claimed by society's outcasts. Gaping holes stare at them where glass once used to protect the room inside from wind and rain and John doubts the police even bothers to investigate the car wreck left to decay in the far end. The part of town, hidden and forgotten by those who know to stay out of trouble, follows its own law of order.
Moriarty’s eyes drop to John’s lips and, with John’s chin firmly in place, he leans down to kiss him. The kiss is rough, impersonal and without passion, everything that Sherlock’s kisses are not. When Moriarty pulls back he looks unimpressed, once and for all convinced that Sherlock’s affections are a waste of time.
Greg snorts with a shake of his head. “Believe it or not, but Sherlock is a genius.” He chuckles at John's expression of disbelief and Greg gently pats his arm. “I know, he doesn't look like one. But I'm telling you, he would be a nerd if he weren't such a flutter bum. And if he bothered to show up in class every now and then. He calls them a waste of time.”
Deciding that the damage already is done, he takes a detour past the shops. The street is empty and the shopfronts are dark, and John can see his own reflection when he stops in front of the jewellery store. The bracelet is still locked around his wrist. He does not think his mother's wedding ring cost as much, the piece of jewellery is far too expensive for his and Sherlock's pathetic excuse for a romantic relationship. He sighs and is about to leave, when his gaze is drawn to something in the window. The reflection of a movement attracted his attention and when his focus reveals the blurry outlines of a man it is only the way every limb in his body has frozen to immobility that saves him from spinning around. The adrenaline slows everything else down and it feels like minutes until he can inhale and force himself to relax. The man has not moved from his spot by the tree and nor does he show any sign of knowing that John has noticed his presence. For now he is observing.
The smell of cigarette smoke stings in his nostrils and John looks down. He is more comfortable like that despite his racing heart and wet, shiny lips. With his head tucked in under Sherlock's chin, enjoying the feeling of protection without breaking too many laws.
“Between me and... What?” John involuntarily flinches and he steps back to stare at Molly. “Nothing. Nothing is going on between me and Sherlock. He is a... Come on, Molly. He is a Greaser.”
Sebastian laughs again and John, sensing that the friendly conversation quickly turns into a a one way mockery, looks away with a pout. A pout Sherlock would have kissed better.
John is baffled, but since the familiar petting is indisputably to be preferred over blood and pain, he stays quiet.
“I'm not angry with you, John,” Sherlock repeats, in a deeper, softer voice than before. “You have been very good for me. I have no reason to be upset.”
John’s legs are numb when they carry him to the oak where a vertical path up to the noose already has been demonstrated by Moriarty. Sebastian is too far away, even if he now has stopped in his path and, from what John can tell, gazes in their direction. Besides, even if Sebastian did decide to investigate the events underneath the oak more closely, what could he do against a loaded gun ready to fire through flesh and bone? The answer, however disheartening, is nothing. He is beyond all help, left all alone in a world that he is about to leave.
The sound leaving John's lips is far less pleasurable. The gasp breaks through the barrier in his throat and he whines. The whine turns into a cry of pain when Sherlock forces himself deeper, whereupon the Greaser's sharp fingers dig into his hips.
The low voice dies out as Mr. Stokes' attention is fixed on something behind John's back and he stands from the desk.
Long fingers dispose John of his bag and then gently guide his arms through the sleeves of the jacket. “I want you to wear it tomorrow, John. I have had enough of your little whims. An apology will not be enough next time.”
The sound of his steps changes as he leaves the asphalt to instead walk on the grass. He lifts his gaze once he is sure that he will not trip on any edges, and nearly freezes in the middle of a step. The sun shines through the leaves of the oak and creates a magical scene before his eyes with Sherlock at its centre. A green shimmer which reminds John of a fairy tale falls over the Greaser, illuminating some parts of his face while leaving others in shadow and making it impossible to tell whether Sherlock would be the protagonist or the antagonist.
He cares to the degree that he will decline a snogging session in the Greaser's car, including a demonstration of what Victor taught Sherlock, in order to retrieve the dangerous photograph.
Sherlock touches his inner thighs until John's smaller body begins to tremble. The word Sin has disappeared from his vocabulary and left is only lust and desperation. The long fingers wander up and down, from knee and towards his crotch, but Sherlock keeps him breathlessly waiting as he delivers false hope after false hope, always swerving before he reaches John's expectant and swollen member.
Moriarty’s pupils are dilated when he stops John just underneath the oak. John would recognise the look anywhere; he has grown accustomed to it in Sherlock’s eyes. Where there should be fear for the dreadful deed he is about to conduct, John sees only excitement. Arousal.
“Yes, you. Boy with the binoculars. Did they send you as a spy? We’re still going to blow them off at the drag next Sunday, tell 'em that.”
It is not uncommon that his team mates hide painful welts under their trousers. If a detention happens to coincide with a game they beg for the cane instead. All for a victory, but John cannot help but question their priorities when Mr. Stokes' fingers play over the wood like they would on a delicate instrument.
The way to Biology is rarely intimidating and has not been dangerous since the time someone accidentally produced a thick gas with a suspicious smell of burnt rubber, but it not until Greg joins him on a bench in front of the locked classroom that John becomes suspicious. He glances at the Greaser from the corner of his eye with the growing conviction that Sherlock not so much placed Greg there to protect him as he wished to make sure that the leather jacket stays on. His fingers tug gently at the sleeves and his gaze returns to the odd sight of leather against his tanned skin. What looks natural on Sherlock, Greg and all the other Greasers looks so very wrong on him, like a girl wearing the wrong shade of her lipstick.
“You’ve come to the wrong place, fream. This ain’t the library.” The teen glances down at the Chemistry book in John’s hand and he exhales a puff of white smoke as his face turns smug. “Or the labs. Cut out and play scientist somewhere else.”
John does not know how, but by the time the sun disappears behind the line of trees and clouds begin to take its place, he finds himself wearing the leather jacket to stay warm with his head resting on the Greaser’s lap. Both of them are deep in thought and the absence of words allows them to hear the sounds of nature around them as Sherlock’s hand rhythmically brushes through John’s hair.
When he went to bed the previous night he called them boyfriends, but now he is starting to doubt what intentions Sherlock was hiding behind his sweet words. The rich boy with some time to kill, looking for a toy to wreck.
Mr. Stokes is still standing before him, wearing the same suit and with the same neatly combed hair, but everything else has changed since he last saw him ten minutes ago. The dark eyes are dead. The smile on the man’s lips is not kind and his posture speaks of confidence in his own cunningness.
Later turns out to be nearly an hour after John has finished his breakfast and managed to change to clean sheets in his bed. The Cadillac rolls up like the car of a film star and John, who feared that Sherlock would fail his promise of taking him to Victor Trevor, hurries to get his jacket. Halfway down the stairs his blood freezes and he walk back the way he came.
The deep voice, although rougher than usual, is genuine and it catches John off guard. He stares at Sherlock, with the warmth his chest reaching and surpassing the heat between them, and he does not struggle when their lips seal in another sloppy kiss.
The boy who John fell head over heels in love with and for whom he never stopped falling, plunging into the dark pit of his own demise.
He looks around the ring of stunned faces, one more horrified than the other. “Oh, come on,” he says with a roll of his eyes. “They are Greasers, not gods-“
“I'll pay you back for the milkshake,” John promises as Sebastian tilts the motorcycle off its rest. “My mother makes a delicious apple pie. I will bring you some tomorrow.”
The sky is quickly darkening when they drive back home. The moon's appearances become scarcer behind the thickening layer of clouds and Sherlock rolls up the window once the first, heavy drops of rain hit the bonnet of the car. They do not speak or even look at each other. Sherlock is concentrating on the road and safely guides them through each turn, and John watches drop after drop peacefully roll down the window until the first lighting lights up the sky above and water patters against the glass.
”Very well,” she says eventually and turns to pour John a glass of water. ”Let us get you hydrated. Drink this and then you are going to church with your family, young man.”
John does as he is told and silence falls around them. It is impossible to tell if someone is observing them from behind the dirty windows, but John does not care as he gently rubs Sherlock's thigh. The damage is already done.
“I came here to eat my lunch,” he points out and shows Sherlock the sandwich in his hand. “Not to... cuddle.”
The effect is immediate. A shiver runs down his spine, leaving a line of goose pimples underneath the perfectly smooth jumper of a colour which John calls blue but his mother insists is cobalt.
Two words is all it takes in order to turn Sherlock from feared enemy to valued ally, similar to the way Italy managed to change sides with the Treaty of London. Sherlock is as cunning as a fox and as slippery as an eel and John has not opened his mouth when his mother a few minutes later accepts Sherlock's explanation of how they forgot about class whilst attempting to solve the moles equation still holding their otherwise brilliant project back. Sherlock even offers to bring the notes they made, an offer which Mrs. Watson thankfully declines.
John swallows thickly, forcing back both tears and a lump in his throat as he shakes his head. “No.”
is written with large letters across the dirty bricks and John has no wish to do so. He does not want to enter anyone’s territory, especially not if it happens to belong to a group of strong Greasers with a natural habit of pushing around the nerds he calls his friends.
John has come to enjoy Mr. Stokes’ company. He is only seven years older than John, straight out of university, with tales about John’s current teachers as well as life at Cambridge University. To think that John almost threw away his good grades and a chance to have the same experience because he allowed a Greaser to manipulate his mind.
John retreats into the bathroom when it is time to leave, ready to step back into his tea-stained trousers. The soft jogging bottoms were forgiving against his sore backside and the prospect of exchanging them is not a positive one. Granted the privacy of the locked bathroom door, he runs his hand over his pants. Underneath are the healing welts, given to him by the very man whose flat he has been occupying for the past few hours. They have healed well, the pain bothers him less and less frequently, so the shudder that runs through his body as he allows his hand to slip inside the waistband and onto his bare skin is not purely due to discomfort.
Molly catches up with him in the science corridor. Her skirt is floating around her legs as she hurries her steps to grab his arm.
Sherlock quirks an eyebrow and John involuntarily presses himself closer to the wall until Sherlock replies and his deep voice is nearly warm.
John’s heart skips a beat. He never thought that he would be so genuinely happy to see the Greaser. It is difficult to think clearly with his body suddenly filled with adrenaline, with hope, but once John realises what he must do, he does so without hesitation. He walks around Moriarty, coaxes him to face him rather than Sebastian’s distant frame.
John is close to changing his mind and turning back home a number of times as he walks down the pavement with the crumpled piece of paper in a tight grip. He decided to bring the note, even though he has read the address so many times during the morning that he can see the slanting handwriting on the inside of his eyelids, and it guides him through the streets to a part of town he only travels through by car when his family visits Aunty Margaret at her farm. The address itself tells him little of the location of their meeting. He is vaguely aware of the reputation of the adjacent streets and he had more than one reason to tell his mother a white lie regarding his plans that morning. He even brought his Chemistry book to ensure her that they are going to study.
“I know he's not here, Mickey Mouse.” Sebastian interrupts his stuttering and invites himself inside as he pushes past John. “Lestrade sent me here to bash ears. Told me you'd know where 'e went.”
Sherlock lowers his gaze and slowly nods with the tip of his tongue flicking out to taste the remains of the peck they shared.
“What now?” Sebastian turns the engine off and his voice replaces rumble of the machine with surprisingly similarity. “Forgot your beads?”
“Oh.” John turns to look out over the peaceful scene in front of him, happy that things went according to his plan and they left the topic of his backside behind, but soon turns back to look at Sherlock when he gets the feeling of being observed. Sherlock, sitting exactly like before, is looking at him with almost hopeful eyes.
“Shhh.” Sherlock silences him with another kiss, tying his tongue and stealing his breath. “You have not taken a break from your studies since this morning. It is about time your bed is used for its real purpose.”
Mr. Stokes is intelligent enough to himself fill in the blanks. He looks into John’s eyes with an expression that seems to say
“Jacket stays on,” Sherlock orders as he turns the key and the engine dies. “They have already seen you. If they are like a pack of wolves in your eyes, do not let them see you frightened or ashamed.”
To his surprise he makes it through first period, second, third, fourth, and lunch. He makes it to the last class of the day without Sherlock confronting him about the jacket that now is securely hidden inside his locker. In fact, Sherlock does not even look at him.
“Sherlock, I'm not dying. You could have taken me home, I don't want to be at some... royal hospital where someone like me does not belong.”
He catches up with Greg in the car park where the Greaser leans against the door of his blue Merc. 48. He does not seem surprised to see John there, but he waits for the other to initiate the conversation whilst tapping his finger against a glowing cigarette.
“Listen,” John licks his lips and looks down to gather courage. “I don't know you. I hardly know Sherlock, we have only been spending time together for a few weeks, if even that. I am not going to spy on him.”
“Do you trust me now?” Sherlock's lips find his for a brief second before he continues. “There is nothing going on between Victor and me. You heard him. He mentioned our former arrangement. It's over.”
John starts walking and this time it is Sebastian who has to catch up with him. The Greaser does so with a few, long strides and he looks down at him.
The thought of Sherlock seeing him naked has not fully left his mind since the Greaser mentioned it under their tree. It is a forbidden thought, even more so what it could lead to, but John has pictured it as something beautiful. Face to face, lips joined and Sherlock undressing him with comforting hands, not John lying with his face pressed into a pillow so soft that his head sinks through it with his pink bottom glowing in the room. Sherlock pauses, his hands resting on John's upper thighs with the briefs pulled down just enough to uncover what was hidden underneath, and John sighs.
Silence follows, in which Sherlock stares intensely at John and John awkwardly tries to look anywhere but at the Greaser lying so close that he is sure that he could blow away the displaced curl in front of Sherlock's eyes.
It is the same thought that passes through John's head when he looks into the teacher's eyes and tries to find his voice again.
John is panting with his palm pressed over his side, and it takes him a moment to collect himself enough to stand up and repair the damage of his rude entrance. Mr. Stokes still looks puzzled when John pushes up and tries to pin his glasses to his sweaty nose.
John returns to his room, but only long enough to see his parents step into the car and drive away. Once they are gone he quickly gets dressed and grabs the leather jacket, already closing the front door after him before he has swallowed his breakfast properly.
Sherlock's room is big, three times the size of John's bedroom, with tall, bright windows and a huge bed drowning in pillows. The sight makes John sigh.
John swallows thickly when he lifts his gaze and it falls upon the tall Greaser he met outside the warehouse. Their eyes meet for a short second before Sebastian snorts and grumpily looks away, and John wonders if he now hides a bump underneath the Duck Butt his hair is combed into.
John gives the flat surface portraying wild curls a light brush with his thumb and goes to put the photograph away. Somewhere safer, because if Mr. M can find it, so can his mum.
It makes him feel somewhat better when he places his time with Sherlock under the category of unreality. If he considers the numbness inside, left after the loud and burning pain of being left by the boy he loved, as returning to reality. He is simply waking up from a wonderful dream.
John takes a deep breath and straightens his posture like the brave soldiers in his History book as he knocks on the door and is called inside. Mr. Stokes is sitting behind his desk, a desk that John suspects came with the room and once belonged to Mr. Morgan. The wood is as dark as the door and the beautiful carvings speak of prestigious public school rather than the average building in which it is currently located.
Moriarty spends the promenade entertaining them both with a descriptive explanation of what is to come as he with a dreamy voice tells John how he, with a rope around John’s thin neck, will suspend him from one of the branches in the oak just above the soft grass where he and Sherlock used to enjoy lunch together, as if he found the prospect of doing so most amusing. John is less amused by the idea of a ‘heartbroken Sherlock lifting John’s empty shell of a body, with unseeing eyes and a dumbly open mouth, from the branch where the life seeped out of him'.
A small smile decorates John's lips as he bows his head slightly, just enough to tuck it in under Sherlock's chin, and he exhales a single word with a soft and happy sigh.
“Someone doesn't like having his lunch interrupted. A lesson to learn, John. Find the right spot from the beginning and you won’t have to move. Sit.”
They walk past each other during the short break between second and third period. John is hurrying to Maths and Sherlock looks like he has not yet decided where to go, to class or outside in the search for something more interesting. John turns his head, expecting eye contact and an acknowledgement of the kiss they shared, but Sherlock's attention is focused elsewhere with such determination that it cannot be anything other than intentional. Concern takes a tight grip around John's chest and the trigonometry does not make any sense to him during class. Despite his best attempts to discard the kiss as meaningless and a sinful mistake, he cannot lie to himself. The kiss meant something to him, his inside tingled and squirmed.
“Here.” Sebastian must have guessed the answer. John blinks down at the offered cigarette and when he hesitates Sebastian pushes it closer. “Trust me.”
John never wants to stand up again, but the option would be to stay on the teacher's desk with his bottom naked and exposed. He slowly straightens his legs and feels his knees shake the moment before the pain hits him with new strength. Every movement, however small, irritates his glowing skin.
John's legs function on their own as they carry him down the street. His mind is busy elsewhere, he neither sees nor hears until Sebastian's lips form the only name John wants to hear.
He should not feel so fragile and useless. He is ashamed, frightened and shocked, all with a feeling of unreality and denial. What makes his feelings even worse is his incapability of transforming them into words and explain why. He has no reason to seek comfort in Sherlock's calming presence, a presence which merely weeks ago would have been stressful. Nothing happened, neither with Mr. Stokes nor with his classmates. The lesson carried on as per usual, Mr. Stokes collected their group projects and none of the other students even breathed a word about a wish to see John suffer.
He does not want his stomach to tingle and squirm, filled with hundreds and hundreds of colourful butterflies, every time his sense of smell is overwhelmed by the scent of Sherlock Holmes. He does not want to be able to tell Sherlock apart from the rest of the Greasers at school, as if the teen were special. He never meant to get so accustomed to Sherlock sneaking up behind him and petting his hair that he now easily distinguishes the scent of after shave which hides underneath the smell of cigarette smoke and is so vague that he doubts anyone else notices.
Sherlock is already making his way up the façade, a bat who has to watch his every step lest fall down and break his neck, and John hurriedly pins the back of his chair under the bedroom handle. Once he turns around Sherlock is there, seemingly not bothered by the vertical climb, runs slender fingers through his already slicked hair, and pulls John closer.
It happens again the following morning. John is waiting on the pavement already 8:20, ten minutes before Sherlock promised to be there. His father has already left for work, but his mother is still inside the house and over John hangs the fear of her walking past one of the windows with embroidered curtains when Sherlock arrives. He does not know how he would explain why her son gets into the car of a rock n’ roll loving, smoking and clearly older teen. He does not even know the reason himself.
“Getting you warmed up and your blood flowing,” Mr. Stokes explains and delivers a couple of more pats before he withdraws the cane and swooshes it through the air. John can nearly see how the man rolls his wrist, getting himself warmed up for what he is about to do. “You should thank me.”
John's body tenses and his head snaps back with a groan. His teeth alter between gritted and chattering when stars explode before his eyes, blinding and beautiful, and he presses himself tightly to Sherlock when he cannot take the overwhelming feeling any more. The explosion is expected, and yet it surprises him. John whimpers and moans, sobs and squirms, as pleasure wants to lift him from Sherlock's lap and the only thing tying him to Earth are the Greaser's steady hands.
Thankfully, Mr. Stokes does not seem to mind even this time. He takes John’s hand in his and gives it a gentle squeeze.
Instead of telling him to step into a car, Sebastian gives him a helmet. He is one of the original members of B Street Bikers, one of those who everyday risk their lives on a bike. John licks his lips when he sees it. A BSA D1 Bantam, or as his father calls it, a motor-driven death-machine which takes corners too sharply and follow their own traffic rules of insanity.
“I came here to look for someone,” the man continues. “For a certain Sherlock Holmes. Ever since he decided to start avoiding me he has become sadly... boring.”
“Look who has been a clever boy. I’m afraid that means I can’t let you go. Oh my.” Mr. Stokes’ voice is a new drawl of cold sarcasm. The Oxbridge accent is gone and John, not recognising the Irish accent as his teacher’s, looks up with a surprised frown.
Johnny Cash is followed by Jackie Brenston & His Delta Cats, and before long the car comes to a stop. Apparently Sherlock knows where he lives, for he finds the correct street and even the correct house without uttering a single word.
“Don't fight it, John,” he murmurs and ghosts his lips over John's. “We both know how badly you want it. How you crave it. Your body knows to whom you belong, even with your head still denying it.”
The question slips out of his relaxed, unprepared lips. It is hardly an appropriate question to ask his teacher, but Mr. Stokes does not scold him for his mistake.
A small, complacent smirk appears on John's lips. He and Sebastian may come from different worlds, but a few things have the power of uniting even the most contrasting personalities.
He chooses not to inform Sherlock of the change of plans. John has learnt two things about his new boyfriend and he cannot fully approve of them. One is that Sherlock wants to know everything. Where John goes, what he does and who he meets. Sherlock is also more protective than what would be considered healthy, and he is banned from the rugby field ever since he decided to hunt down the player who tackled John to the ground. John appears to be in enough trouble as it is, without Sherlock causing physical harm to a teacher.
“You want the desk as support and I need your bottom exposed,” Mr. Stokes says quietly. “It is time to bend over, John.”
John likes to think that he does not step on anybody's toes, but in the moment of silence when everyone is waiting with bated breath for the teacher to declare his decision, John has the feeling that at least some of his classmates wish for the Golden Boy to receive a punishment. It would be the first time, and Sherlock's words return to him when he feels the subtle malice.
In a way, it feels good to finally share his darkest secret. Mr. Stokes listens to him without neither interrupting nor pulling away in disgust as John lightens his heart. He tells his teacher about Sherlock’s careful approach months ago, about their lunches underneath the protective leaves of the oak, about the thrill of flying down empty roads in a red Cadillac and about the improbable friendship he found in the Greasers. Each syllable that leaves his lips makes it easier to breathe.
“What are you talking about?” Sherlock frowns as he walks up to John and places a hand on the low of his back to guide him inside. “This is where I live. Come on, let me show you my room.”
“Because of… things.” A flash of insecurity crosses the teen’s face and, suddenly feeling more confident, John smiles encouragingly.
Their position becomes less comfortable as Sherlock keeps his hand on John's head, not brushing through his hair but rather keeping him in place. Pressed a little too tightly with fingers spread a little too widely to be affectionate. Affection is a feeling that does not belong in the Greaser's eyes.
“Love and drugs are how people control you, you know,” John mumbles when one of Sherlock's hands wanders down his back to gently rub his arse.
John’s two words sound childish, on the brink to defiant. Sherlock’s voice is deep and mysterious, his own merely a child’s in comparison. Two years are inevitably perceived as more than seven hundred thirty days when one party looks like a remnant of the Greek gods dressed in a Lewis Bronx leather jacket and smoking Woodbine.
At the end of his little speech John looks more helpless than upset and he gestures with his hands and palms turned upwards. It is a mystery, just like his mother said. John would recognise Ms. Carroll's handwriting anywhere, he has seen it countless of times on the black board whilst taking careful notes in his English class, and he is equally sure that the teacher never intended to give him a note.
His legs are shaking so much that they feel detached from his body when he lands numbly on the unresponsive asphalt. He grabs his bag, presses it closely to his side, and takes a swaying step away from the bike.
“Trevor.” Sebastian says the name slowly, almost tentatively, and his grip around John's collar eases. “Victor Trevor. I know nothing 'bout him. Tried to sell to me once, but I get my stash from someone else.”
He lifts his gaze to find comfort but is nearly relieved when Sherlock spins him around and he can look at something other than Sherlock's face. It is as beautiful as ever, shadows falling perfectly over his features. What make John feel at unease are the Greaser's eyes. Whereas they normally shift in colour, blue one day and green the next, there is nothing of Sherlock's colourful irises to be seen behind the black frontier. The pupils are abnormally big and give John the feeling of drowning for real, disappearing in the darkness in a far less poetic manner.
“Exactly,” he says seriously. “I don't want him to take you away from me. Get ideas into your head.”
John has no proper answer to that, nor does he dare to meet Sherlock’s eyes which he can feel bore into the side of his head like a pair of sharp scalpels used for frog dissection. Eventually he shrugs and, putting aside all precaution and thoughts about what Sherlock might want to hear and what could get him out of the bedroom and down the stairs in one piece, decides to tell the truth.
“Unlike you, you mean?” Victor chuckles. “You have until tomorrow to pay for what you used last night, or we have no choice but to go back to our former arrangement.”
Sherlock takes him home and lets John leave the car with a last reminder to wear the jacket the following day. John can only nod and pull the jacket tighter around himself. He watches Sherlock drive down the street and disappear behind a corner before he turns around and walks into the house.
The Greaser's hand carries him through the climax, his firm lips soothing him. Sherlock lets him ride on the last waves of pleasure and then carefully places him on the bed where he helps him out of the dirty clothes until John is naked and exposed.
The whizzing in his ears is louder than Sebastian’s panicked voice. He cannot breathe. The rope presses his windpipe into a two-dimensional shape, the blood is throbbing behind his closed eyelids. He opens them for a second, wide, terrified eyes staring straight ahead as his blue lips open in a desperate attempt to inhale. He will suffocate, or the weight from his body will snap his neck. He does not which will come first or which he prefers. Which will offer him the most peaceful end to the torture.
John sighs once he starts his walk home. The knowledge that his parents will be waiting for him, upset and likely to send him to his room again, slows down his steps. Sherlock has changed him, and he has changed him for the worse. Studying is not appealing when the Greaser has shown him how exciting life can be.
“I didn't want to.” John speaks clearer this time and looks up with defiant eyes. “I didn't want to wear your jacket. People would know that we-” He cuts off and looks around in the empty corridor before he continues with his voice lowered. “Kissed.”
No hand brushes through his hair when John sits down on the bed and nervously licks his lips. Sherlock is emitting a penetrating coldness which makes the cones at Red's Ice Cream seem warm in comparison.
“People care until they don't have a reason to care any more,” Sebastian says, and John can tell by the unusual look of concentration on his features that he is choosing his words with great care. “Why would they care once they have what they came for? You're a rugby player. It gives ya a certain power over the Dollies, if ya know what I mean. It's the same. Once ya have what you came for, you cop a breeze.”
“Don’t call the police,” he tries again, with a more pleading tone this time. He cannot get the police involved, the coward inside of him is not ready to face the consequences of his actions. It was foolish to believe that his secret would remain hidden once he managed to retrieve the forbidden photograph. Mr. M is untouchable, with or without physical evidence of John’s misdeeds. All he can do is to hope and pray that the man will refrain from harming his innocent parents who have nothing to do with Sherlock and is apparently boring attitude towards Mr M.
Sherlock lets go of his hand only to shift gears. John can understand why Molly and the vast majority of the girls would walk over corpses to sit in a Greaser's car with their hands joined and with
Sherlock's lips travel north, following the shape of his spine until John's jumper stops their journey and Sherlock looms over him. John can nearly feel the great shadow fall over him, eliminating the last ray of light as Sherlock's teeth scrape his earlobe and the Greaser's jeans-covered knee forces John's thighs apart.
John reluctantly accepts the glass pressed in his hand and he looks down at the fluid which takes a warm beige tone from the reflection of his palm. He can feel his mother's eyes carefully observe his every move and he searches back in his mind for something useful until a biology lesson almost two months ago appears in his head and he slowly lowers the glass.
John's gaze does not falter from the reflection of the man and he slips his hands inside his pockets as his head threatens to collapse under intense brain activity. He cannot stay there forever, but he is terrified of doing anything that will break the magic slumber and awaken the man. Even his breathing has slowed down to careful, withheld puffs of air.
Sherlock snorts as he reaches for the paper and flattens it with long fingers. "Law school is for squares like you." He taps John's shoulder to make more room for himself on the blue sheets and lays down with his head supported by a pale hand on the temple hidden underneath the dark hair.
Sherlock rolls his eyes at John’s obvious attempt to move the conversation from what adjectives Sherlock prefers in connection to his backside, but lets himself be distracted nonetheless.
It is still in his possession, still hidden in his wardrobe. He loves the scent and how heavy it feels over his shoulders, as if Sherlock's arm never leaves him, but he is already balancing on the edge and a single puff of air would be enough for him to tip over and fall back into being grounded. Luckily, being good allows him to be bad.
It should not come as a surprise when the sharp sound of pebbles rains against the window. The sun is about to set on a blushing sky and a soft light, for which couples sharing a romantic evening must be grateful, illuminates parts of Sherlock's hair like a curly halo. John's stomach turns at the sight, partly excited and partly worried. He can hear muffled sounds from the floor below, the noise from a distant radio, footsteps and an occasional exchange of words. His parents are still awake, still moving around the house, and all it would take is a single glance out the window to see the Greaser standing like weed in their beautiful garden. He doubts his parents would recognise the beauty in Sherlock's perfect jawline and sharp cheekbones.
The long fingers move like spider legs when they possessively stroke over John's shoulder and arm and John soon sighs defeatedly. He is more comfortable with the heavy arm around him and with the special scent of Sherlock so strong in his nostrils.
“How about giving me a treasure map with a big, red X next time, then?” John mutters, and Sherlock chuckles.
It is foolish to think that he would be able to hide it from Sherlock, but to John's surprise the Greaser appears to have more urgent matters on his mind when they meet at the Cadillac. Sherlock's face looks like a thundercloud, ready to burst. He towers up to his full height, hovering over John like a black eagle, and John suddenly remembers why he used to find the Greaser so frightening.
“Thank you for taking me home.” His voice is pressed through a narrow tube and comes out distant and dead as he fumbles with the helmet and the glasses, only to press also those closely to his body when Sebastian shakes his head.
The hint of regret in the Greaser's voice goes unnoticed as John gives a light shrug. “I don't care.”
His mother still looks displeased and she stands with a disapproving shake of her head. "I will give the two of you five minutes alone," she declares as she flattens her skirt. "Clearly there are things that you are not willing to share with me, John. Five minutes, and when I come back you had better have a better excuse than 'it is ridiculous'. I am not the only one who is disappointed and shocked by your behaviour."
Today Sherlock has folded the roof. The sun that steadily increases the temperature shines directly into the car and John understands why the other Greasers cast longing glances after the convertible. There are many theories about how Sherlock got his hands on such a car. It is new, only a few years old, with a perfectly working radio and without a scratch on either paint or interior. Some say that Sherlock killed the former owner and stole the car, others that he secretly deals drugs. Although John is sceptic to the enthusiastic stories of murders and mafia bosses, he cannot deny the fact that Sherlock’s gaze alone is enough to freeze his blood to ice. Sherlock as a whole person could easily make a grown man burst into helpless tears and it would not be the first time a teacher flees a lecture in such a state, if John is to believe the rumours circulating the school.
If they were going to hell they were going together, and Sherlock had better meet him there one day.
“John.” Greg sighs and places a hand on John's arm to stop him. “Don't do that. Just because Sherlock dresses you in his jacket and you suddenly find yourself surrounded by Greasers do not mean that you have to change. Mr. Morgan was moldy, yes, but you probably went home crying yesterday because you missed an opportunity to learn.”
If touching himself is a sin it is nothing compared to their current activity. John soon arches his back with a soft moan as his body demands more. More contact, more pleasure. More Sherlock. It abandons years and years of following the right path when one of the Greaser's hands settles in his hair.
Sherlock's possessiveness is taken to the extremes already the next day. Perhaps it is the fact that John ends up spending the night, sleeping peacefully in the Greaser's arms without a single thought of the scolding he will receive once he returns home, or maybe it is the way he wakes up with a gasp and rubs his aching backside. Regardless of the final trigger, John's heart sinks in his chest when realises that Sherlock was serious the previous night.
John stares at the small square filled with numbers and the, for some reason, important B, until he has to shake his head. “I don’t understand.”
Sherlock sighs heavily when John still does not show any sign of understanding and runs a hand through his dark curls.
“I don't care about your family disputes.” The reply is as cold as Sherlock's voice and Victor starts walking again. He approaches them slowly and it is not until John can distinguish every crease in the man's shirt that Victor's gaze drops. “You know I don't require money.”
“This is my address. I want you to visit me as soon as possible. I think it would do you good to have a relaxed conversation about your situation outside this building, these walls add so much tension.”
The soft hand squeezes John's shoulder and he slowly stands up. He is nearly surprised that his knees carry him as he fumbles with his belt and manages to get it open. The fabric of his trousers brushes his naked legs as they fall down to his ankles where they cover his shoes and a metallic sound is heard as the belt meets the floor. Hands that are not his own push the white briefs down and a tongue that does not belong to him nervously flicks out.
Underneath Ms. Carroll's informative words is an address written and next to it, in exactly the same thin, slanting handwriting as his teacher's, is another message.
Sherlock's tongue pries John's lips apart and violates his mouth before John realises that the kiss is less innocent this time. He gasps and pulls away, but with the locker and Sherlock's hands behind his head there is nowhere for him to go. Sherlock rolls his hips as their tongues meet and skilfully draws an involuntary moan from John's lips.
“Sherlock?” He whispers the name with his insecure eyes focusing on Sherlock's shoulder as he get a 'mh' in return. “Where were you today?”
“That is none of your business,” Sherlock snaps angrily. “Is that how you thank me? Your ungrateful little...”
A sharp sound from the bell cuts him off and John looks up to see the door in front of him open. Greg gets up with a groan and gives John's arm another pat.
“I never said he did,” the man replies. “But I promise you this, John Watson. It was not an accident.”
The tree gives him courage. He associates it with Sherlock, it reminds him of lazy lunches and afternoons spent under in the soft light seeping through the leaves above their heads, Sherlock’s fingers carding through his hair and John’s head on the Greaser’s lap.
“I'm just asking for a name,” John says weakly, and when he looks up at Sebastian he is not the only one trying to catch his breath. “I don't want to try it. Please, Sebastian. I really need a name.”
Panting, needy and with a fine layer of sweat over his lower back he gives Sherlock access to his most precious place.
“Sherlock would never forgive me if he found out,” the man replies. “And trust me, he would. He is far more observant than you are, John. Now here is what we will do.” John presses his lips together while the man reaches for the inside pocket of his suit jacket and gracefully pulls out the photograph. “You will tell me who this dealer is and where I can find him. Don't even think about lying.”
John gives her an amused glance as he lifts his arm fully and attracts the teacher's attention. He cannot help but feel relieved that Molly appears to have a new victim for her affection, even though Mr. Stokes' love is as improbable as Sherlock's. If Molly starts dreaming about another man he does not have to feel as guilty when the Greaser decides to kiss him.
. You know, Johnny, I have been thinking about a way to get to Sherlock. Everyone would be happier if he just came out of the dark hole in which he is hiding like a frightened little rabbit. Miraculously, I just happen to stumble upon his new pressure point. Happily unknowing.”
Sherlock grunts disapprovingly and with a grind of hips against abdomen reveals a prominent erection.
John can hardly hear the husky voice over the music from his record player when his body slowly accepts Sherlock's intrusion. He exhales slowly and, once his lungs are empty, licks his lips. He would not call it comfortable, but he no longer feel the need to bend double in blinding pain.
The man breaks the silence, and not to make John any more comfortable. His gaze automatically flickers up, sweeps over the waste container and the open streets a few metres away. “If you want to find Sherlock's dealer, why not follow Sherlock himself?”
“Don’t be scared,” the man continues, sensing John’s horror. “You are not to blame, so I will not tell anyone. Sherlock Holmes lured you in. He cursed your mind and defiled your body. It’s not your fault.”
A shiver, which does not come from the rhythmical stimulation of his prostate, runs down John's spine. With his hands once again in front of his face and with Sherlock's unwavering hold of his hips, rocking them apart and then forcing skin to smack against skin, John has to settle with the occasional rubbing of his bobbing cock against his own thigh. The stimulus, however brief, add to the already growing pleasure in his body and John soon whimpers, cheek pressed against the desk with his lips parted and eyes black. His hips join the rhythm of Sherlock's as he fucks himself back on the Greaser's cock, looking for the final trigger to release him.
“I wouldn't know what he muttered,” John says with a tone that clearly shows that he wants the conversation to end. “I wasn't there.”
The word seems to help. Sherlock unfolds the paper and show John the short message he already has read.
. The gasp turns into a moan when Sherlock's thumb parts his arse cheeks and a single, precise fingertip traces the rim of muscles hidden inside.
John wipes his lips on the back of his hand, still determined not to give the man the pleasure of seeing his disgust.
“He made me take Chemistry to keep an eye on you and didn't he come muttering 'bout how rugby would be the end of ya?”
“Hey.” John brushes his hand down Sherlock's side with a sigh. “I'm sorry. You're right, it is none of my business. I guess I am jealous.”
Mr. Stokes' flat is merely five minutes away, but sweat darkens John's shirt when he knocks on the door and prays for the teacher to open. In the back of his mind he knows that he brought this mess upon himself. He kissed a boy and he skipped church, and now he presses his back against the wall as he terrified listens to the sound of Mr. M approaching. The moment of surprise and the time he spends running on the rugby field earned him a lead, but a lead is only valuable if it gets him to safety. He has nowhere else to go. He cannot allow Mr. M to follow him home, the police is more of a threat than a savour and B Street Bikers’ headquarters are too far away for his numb legs to reach. Even if he stumbled through the door into the dirty garage, drenched in sweat and gasping for breath, he cannot be sure that Sherlock would not simply throw him back to the wolves, cold-heartedly and without mercy.
As Greg leaves them alone, John turns back to his friends. “I wonder what that was all about... What?”
“Hey. It’s alright. He tells the inconvenient truth, I know. I still don’t know why I put up with him.” Greg rolls his eyes. “But I meant what I said before. Find him unless you want trouble.”
A small paper tube under his bed is the current home of the photographs. John gets on his knees to reach it and brings it with him as he sits down on the bed. It is not as romantic as what it hides. An old package of Spangles, now emptied of its sweets and instead filled with photographs, each carefully rolled to fit but not folded as not to leave any creases. He eases them out gently and begins to flatten them, but stops when he realises how many photographs he is holding in his hand. Three. Together with the one on the desk he has four. Grumpy Sherlock, surprised Sherlock, Sherlock kissing him and the one on the desk, also that one capturing Sherlock's hungry kiss.
His voice is as steady as his hand and he looks up at the man with fear in his eyes. God knows, God knows everything, but in his hand he is holding the evidence that will have him judged also by the living. He feels numb when the man takes the photograph from his weak fingers and puts it back where John cannot reach it.
A groan from Sherlock and hands, clumsy with greed, assaulting his back tell him that Sherlock, despite John's pain, enjoys himself.
“I wish to be on your side, Mr. Watson, but you have to let me. I will not inform the headmaster of your slip, but in return I would like you to accept my help. That is the purpose of us teachers. Now, bend over.”
John’s fingers are as white as the porcelain they convulsively hug; the sink is the only thing keeping him standing as he stares into the mirror without seeing his own reflection.  “It could be a misunderstanding.”
Mr. Stokes' voice is not loud, but the word cuts through John's body and seems to paralyse his spine.
John turns around to see Sebastian, lingering behind the rows of desks with eyes ever narrowing. Mr. Stokes, whose neck is thin enough for Sebastian to crush with a single, gigantic hand, does not falter, but John feels the threat like a cold palm on chest.
“It is too big,” he mumbles and extends his arms in front of him to see the sleeves cover his hands and fingers. “It makes me feel like a toddler.”
“Tea,” Mr. Stokes concludes and John looks up from the darkness of his hands to watch him leave the room.
John can only look at Sherlock's eyes for a short period of time before he feels the need to look down and instead study his shoes. He should not care as much as he do, but he knows what Sherlock expects and he also knows that he will carry the lump of guilt in his stomach until he gives the Greaser what he wants.
Mr. Stokes calls Sebastian's name, looks from the Greaser to John and back again, and continues the lesson without asking why his list suddenly holds a new name. The leather jacket is back over John's shoulders, hanging over the jumper that Sherlock somehow managed to have washed during the night in order to remove the stain of sin, and it makes John look like a smaller reflection of Sebastian with his blond hair and tanned skin.
“Knew him, at least,” Mr. Stokes replies as he leans down to retrieve something from inside the desk. “This is the school I went to before university. I hated every minute of it.”
Although rumours rarely touch John he knows better than to listen to them. It is not until he rounds the corner leading to his street that he wishes that people, just for once, would keep their lips sealed and simply mind their own business. Parked by the pavement, so perfectly in line with John’s home that it cannot possibly be a visitor of anybody else’s, is the unmistakable red Cadillac.
A decisive knock on the front door sends John to his feet and the photographs quickly disappear down his pocket as he guiltily looks up. He is not expecting visitors and anyone who knows his family knows that Sunday morning is spent in church. His brain jumps to the logical explanation and his heart skips a beat with the consequent happiness.
Their lips meet in a kiss, soft and affectionate, as if Sherlock is attempting to make up for the previous roughness, and when they part they prolong the moment of perfection by gazing into each other's eyes.
It goes easily, just as easily as the Greaser with hair dark as the night and skin pale as the moon stole his heart.
. He knows just from the feeling of being dismantled like the anatomy model that Sherlock Holmes is standing behind him, tall, dangerous and perfect with cheekbones of which Montgomery Clift would be jealous.
John frowns and gives Molly a look of disbelief. Unless Mr. Morgan's absence was due to a journey back to the man's twenties, he cannot see how the teacher would be considered cute.
John wants to tear Sherlock’s mask straight off his face and let his mother see what hides underneath, because the teen with the soft eyes and pleasant smile is not Sherlock. It is too perfect to be natural.
“Oh, Johnny. Can you see how this is going to happen? You refused to give me the information I want, but luckily, for me at least, I happen to know also your pressure point. Tell me who his dealer is, or this highly inappropriate photograph will be seen by more eyes than mine.”
The chain reaction is triggered and John relaxes. He cannot help it, the digits carding through his blond curls and the nails scraping his scalp send a signal of pleasure to his brain, making him lean up further in a quiet demand for more. The times when he flinched at the touch are since long gone.
Mr. Stokes moves closer on the sofa, takes the cup of tea from his trembling hands. He did not even notice that he was shaking. The burning sensation reaches him with an unnatural delay. He looks down and sees a dark stain grow bigger on his thigh as the fabric of his trousers soaks up the tea he spilled. Like a clumsy child.
He looks up at his mother when he is done and subconsciously licks his lips. ”It's a medical fact, Mummy. I don't want to vomit in church.”
He chooses a random route through town, on occasions walking down the same street twice, until no signs of Sherlock forces him closer to the warehouse. John's heart rate increases when his gaze falls upon the unwelcoming building and the fear of becoming the victim of a nameless Greaser's amusement is overshadowed by a new, more intimidating fear. He has seen Sherlock walk the hallways of school with a black eye and a swollen lip. Rumours describe him as a talented fighter, untouchable unless he is surrounded by five men twice his size, and John cannot ignore the fact that he is one teenager barely reaching to the other's shoulder.
As expected, John finds Sherlock Holmes splayed across his bed. With the Cadillac parked outside it could hardly have been anyone else. The Greaser has closed his eyes. He is lying on his back with his fingers steepled in front of his face and, although the scene is very different from the lunch break they shared underneath the oak, John momentarily forgets how upset he is. Sherlock looks, as he identified already when the Greaser was carrying his bag, out of place. John’s bedroom has never seen such a scene and he doubts that it ever will again. He stops once he soundlessly has closed the door and stares, indulges himself in the sight of the slender teen, dressed in clothes which his mother must have been reluctant to allow in the house. Sherlock looks so peaceful that John does not know how to announce his presence. His feet are suddenly frozen to the floor, scared of making the boards creak and awaken the resting god in front of him.
John tries to be a good human being. He goes to church with his family every Sunday. He prays with them before dinner, and he prays before he falls asleep. He even wears the golden cross necklace Aunty Margaret gave to him for his confirmation. He keeps it hidden underneath his shirt and jumper, but his mother says that as long as he believes it will keep him safe.
“I know that it’s wrong,” John finally says, weakly. It is the first time he discusses it with someone, not even Sherlock has been entitled to a verbal version of the guilt, the shame, the disgust and the self-loathing. Sherlock always read it off him, no words were ever needed to convey his confusion and the need for those tender fingers to card through his hair and put his mind at ease.
“But I’m actually here to meet someone,” John insists and quickly hides his Chemistry book behind his back when the Greaser attempts to take it from him. “Sherlock Holmes. Do you know where I can find him?”
“It was simply convenient, an alternative payment. Besides-” Sherlock's voice drops and the petting through John's hair stops as the Greaser moves his hand to instead touch John's thigh with a smirk appearing on the delicate lips as John automatically spreads them. “He taught me a thing or two.”
Greg chuckles. “He said you would say that. He also told me to inform you that all your friends hate you.”
John is happy for exactly one week and two days. One week and two days is how long it takes Mr. Stokes to mark their Chemistry projects and one week and two days is how long it takes John to receive a note instead of a grade identical to Molly's.
John looks from Sherlock to the book in his lap and up again. “Because my mother… Never mind. What are you talking about?”
“However-” Mr. Stokes turns around and his voice drops, as though he wants what he is about to say to stay between them. “I have a feeling that this is not you, Mr. Watson. Something, or someone, is pushing you, am I right?
“It is perfect, Sherlock. I just wish you would have told me the truth. It is a bit hurtful to know that you deemed my mother trustworthy enough, but not me.”
“Already in need of another fix, Holmes?” The young man's laugh is empowered in the naked hallway where the lack of any kind of decoration allows the sound to bounce off the walls in an ominous echo. “You know what I said last night. No more doses in advance. I want the payment up front from now on.”
For now. A cold set of fingers drag their way down his spine when he thinks about his parents, humbly saying their prayers to at any moment return home, blissfully unaware of who might be waiting for them.
He can almost hear the Greaser sigh over the noise from the motorcycle before Sebastian turns it off. “Well?”
He licks his lips and looks up, just in time to see Mr. Stokes' gaze move from the leather jacket to his face, and he quickly opens the jacket enough to let the teacher see the clothes he is carrying underneath. Not white, not with stains of grease. A soft jumper over a checked shirt, respectable and proper.
“I want you to come for me, my Golden Boy,” Sherlock breathes against his skin. “I want you to stain that jumper of yours. Come for me, give me your first orgasm.”
Sherlock's hand stops the intrusion but is not completely withdrawn. It rests on John's buttock, still with the thumb keeping the cheeks parted.
The window creeks as he pushes it open and John flinches. The sound is innocent, a fresh breeze of spring is needed after hours of studying, but his conscience is not clean.
He stops in front of the teacher's desk and waits for Mr. Stokes to close his bag and look up, and when he does it is with a sad smile on his face.
John likes the models. He sees beauty in the fragility of the human body. He likes how he easily can label every one of the plastic parts with worn edges and screws which do not really fit into the holes of the model after someone got the brilliant idea of smashing them into one of the desks. He likes to trace the blood vessels with a gentle fingertip, red for arteries and blue for veins. Oxygenated and deoxygenated. He likes to mumble the names of the different parts which his finger passes on its journey through the model, engraving them even deeper into his mind until he never can forget and will have the terms ready on his tongue if the topic ever is in focus around the Watsons’ dinner table.
John knows the moment Sherlock starts moving his hand, tugging his skin and revealing the swollen head, that he will not last long. A drop of pre-cum trickles out and Sherlock smirks.
His eyes are scared when he turns his head in the direction of the sound of feet landing on cobblestone, in rhythm with his rapid heartbeat, and he leaves the doorway to continue down the street like a frightened rabbit when the door suddenly opens and John looks up at the surprised Mr. Stokes. He all but dives inside, slams the door shut and collapses against the wall. The teacher looks down at him with his lips parted, as if what he was about to say evaporated somewhere on his tongue.
Silence follows, in which John forgets how to breathe. He sits there, in the green light with Sherlock’s hand resting dangerously around his neck, until the Greaser chuckles and gives John’s hair a ruffle.
“Be so kind and explain this to me.” Her movements are controlled even as she angrily waves the piece of paper through the air, making it impossible for John to read as much as a word or even a letter no matter how much he squints behind his glasses.
His mother is already waiting for him as he opens the door. Everything about her looks unusually tight, from her pursed lips to her carefully made ponytail, all reflecting the tight grip in which she holds a neatly folded paper.
“I am not here to see Sherlock. As I told you last time we met, he is avoiding me. As I also told you last time, I have found his pressure point.” The man smiles, a smile that belongs in a horror film at the drive-in theatre and not on a school yard. “And, as I am sure you understand, with Sherlock's pressure point I do not need Sherlock himself.”
All doubts are gone. The first kiss could be called a mistake or an unfortunate incident, but as soon as their lips met for the second time they were kissing for real. They would have been a couple if one of them had been a girl. John does not know what kissing twice makes them, but he does not care. The label is not important and it would be full of sin.
“B could mean anything,” John says helplessly with a knot of fear growing inside his chest. A fear that he will not have the right answer. That he will not be able to please Sherlock. “Bullet, belly, Bible…”
His feet leave the branch they have been balancing on. His body falls, his hands clasp the rope above his head and his toes just barely touch the ground, just enough to give him a second of false hope before he realises that he cannot give himself any proper support.
“There.” Sherlock fingers linger on John’s scalp, slowly moving down to brush over his forehead just below the hairline. “Much better.”
John lifts his head and blinks a couple of times. His home looks the same as ever, but he does not feel the same. He prefers the dark back of Sebastian's leather jacket where no one can see what a criminal and sinner he has become.
Breakfast is already on the table when John reaches the bottom of the stairs and his stiff movements carry him into the kitchen. In his hand he holds the plate his mother had prepared his sandwiches on the evening before and he knows, from how many pages in the morning's paper his father has turned, that he is late.
The position feels unnatural and John reluctantly spreads his legs a little wider when the cane gently pats the inside of his thighs. It might be for his own comfort and balance, but John would have preferred to keep his thighs tightly pressed together. His cock hangs flaccid and humiliated, framed by his legs, and he prays to God that the door behind them remains closed.
John is not sure exactly where he belongs and maybe Sherlock is right. Maybe he is the golden boy. He has excellent grades and gets along with the nerds, but he is also a decent rugby player with a fair chance of getting a sport scholarship if he against all odds would fail to get the academic ones.
The minutes tick by and at 8:29 John folds his hands and sends God a silent prayer that Sherlock will have the common sense of turning off the radio. Or at least turn down the volume. God must have heard him, for when the Cadillac a moment later turns around the corner the only sound reaching John’s ears is the murmur of an engine and just like John had known, even feared, since Sherlock dropped him off the previous afternoon, his stomach tingles.
John stares at Sherlock for a moment before he flinches and quickly lifts his hands to do as he is told. The mess is harder to appreciate once the wind stops blowing through it.
Despite his surprise, John does not question Sherlock when the Greaser prods his wet lips. He relaxes his jaw and lets three fingers slide inside, tentatively exploring them with his tongue as Sherlock encourages him to. They taste of nicotine, a far less flattering taste than the smell, and John feels his face scrunch up despite himself. Sherlock's thumb, which is safe from John's sweeping tongue, guides his chin up and the moment their eyes meet electricity is shot straight into John's very core. He moans around Sherlock's digits, willingly opening himself up until he is choking and Sherlock withdraws his hand. They lower their gazes together, looking down at the three shiny digits with strings of saliva binding them together.
Their eyes meet and they lower them together, both looking down at John's fingers and how they are too short to reach around Sebastian's arm.
A man in uniform comes towards them with hurried steps and he bows softly in front of Sherlock when he receives the key to the Cadillac and makes himself ready to park the car. John stares, eyes wide and lips parted. The golden chain was on the brink to too much, but this time Sherlock is clearly crossing the line of what is acceptable.
“Very well.” Mr. Stokes puts the chalk down and carefully wipes his fingers on a handkerchief. “Do not let it happen again, Mr. Watson, or there will be consequences.”
“Beautiful, is it not? Mr. Morgan was never my favourite teacher, but I always did admire his desk. Curious how things turn out.”
John's lips are soft and insecure, Sherlock's unyielding and demanding, and the second before John's eyelids flutter close he can see the dark hunger luring in the Greaser's eyes.
“Lesson two, John,” Sherlock says factually as he sits up and once again can tower over John. “I don’t appreciate it when people lie to me. You may apologise and it will be forgotten, but next time there won’t be any second chances.”
A moment later the sound of Sherlock's shoes moving over the floorboards ceases and John can only assume that he found what he was looking for. He hears a click followed by a rushing noise, a moment of scraping and, when the needle finds the track, music. Johnny Cash fills his bedroom.
To his surprise Sherlock chuckles, but as soon as the teen opens his mouth it is evident that the reason for his amusement is something different than John’s attempted joke. “Oh, I believe we are well past strangers by now, Johnny,” he murmurs. “I have kept your back safe for the past two months and we are at the moment engaging in a conversation. To call me a stranger is unexpectedly cruel to come from the Golden Boy.”
Good grades have never been more important. He has to prove to everyone, including himself, that he still is the perfect boy he was before Sherlock intruded on his life.
A cold shiver runs down John's spine. Mr. Stokes cannot, even in his wildest dreams, imagine the things Sherlock has got on him.
He adds the last declaration as if he could read John’s mind. Moriarty must climb the lowest hanging branches of the oak to reach and John seized the opportunity to look around, considering the probability of sliding around the corner of the school before Moriarty could return to the ground and reach for his gun. Not very probable, even without the threat that freezes the blood in John’s veins to ice. His parents, his caring, proper and innocent parents, must be saved at all cost. No one other John should be punished for his own mistakes.
“I don’t know what it is, Mummy.” In the end he sees no other way out than admitting that he stands clueless and a moment later his mother floods him with accusing words like a bursting pond.
John stands there with his head slightly bowed and takes it all, as surprised as he is terrified. His mother’s voice is still short and sharp when she eventually presses the piece of paper in his hand and looks him in the eyes.
His mother’s voice reaches them from downstairs a moment later, and Sherlock slowly pulls away again.
joins John's collection of records after Sherlock explained that it contained the song playing on the radio the very first time John sat down in the red Cadillac. Sherlock also buys him a bracelet, a simple gold chain but with a price tag that makes John reconsider the rumours about Sherlock's hidden identity as a drug dealer and killer. John only agrees to wear the feminine accessory, under the sleeve of his jumper, once Sherlock agrees to do what John wants.
John's breath is irregular and his heart is racing when he looks up at Sherlock with his lips parted, waiting for the demanding and yet perfect lips to press against his with unwavering strength as the Greaser claims what belongs to him.
“Does it not bother to cuddle with a boy?” John asks quietly as he lifts a hand and tentatively traces the sharp jawline in Sherlock's face.
Stupid, selfish Sherlock, who dragged him into the dirt and left him there, could realistically be the indirect death of him, all while his mother and his father are enjoying a peaceful moment at Sunday service.
“Certainly, but not yet.” Sherlock mouths the words over John's neck and takes a firmer grip around the lower part of his backside. “Not yet...”
Sherlock's tongue does not force itself upon John. The Greaser waits with his lips ajar and with a gentle hand on the back of John's head guiding him, silently encouraging him to do what Sherlock already has shown.
Sebastian shrugs and makes himself ready to leave. John, blushing as he understands what Sebastian does not, takes another step back. The engine comes to life with a roar and John's moment of happiness ends, fear once again enters his body and Sherlock's gifts become a burden.
“Everyone thinks Sherlock killed Carl. That rumour has followed him around for years. People fear him.”
“So... Have you heard about Mr. Morgan?” John turns to Greg, trying to start a conversation in order to distract himself from his staring audience. “It was rather pleasant to have a class less yesterday, wasn't it?”
“Victor Trevor.” The option of telling a lie does not even cross John's mind as he looks up at the man's scrutinizing eyes. They are Sherlock's, seeing straight through him. Like Sherlock's, they are superior to him in a way he cannot fully understand. “His base is among the old industries.”
John leans forward almost automatically, like a marionette puppet guided by Mr. Stokes’ waving hand, and he takes the cup between his palms. The heat is comforting; the warmth travels up his arm and into the rest of his body even before he raises the beverage to his lips.
John nods and then shakes his head with his cheeks and ears heating up. “No, not by alcohol. By... Sherlock, you... You abused drugs before you came here, didn't you?”
The teacher points at the door and turns to John with a heavy sigh once Sebastian reluctantly, and with a grumpy pout, leaves the room with his hands deep down his pockets.
John's panicked voice nearly sends Mr. Stokes down on the floor with a hand clasped over his heart and John, embarrassed to make his teacher jump like a skittish rabbit, clears his throat.
John does not know what Sherlock regards as later, but he does know that he is grateful for the Greaser's discretion. It is bad enough that muscles, of which existence he did not know until Sherlock forced his way inside the previous night, protest with each step he takes.
“I haven't been able to stop thinking about you today,” Sherlock mutters and leans their foreheads together. “My irresistible Golden Boy...”
Nervous seconds tick by before John can see a movement in the corner of his eye. A spark of hope lights in his chest as he, stupidly, hopes that a pale hand is about to put an end to all this silliness. A moment later he finds himself staring at Sherlock, long fingers holding his chin firmly in place.
He knows, without seeing the man's face, who is standing behind him. He can tell, from the way he carries himself and from the tailored suit.
“This might hurt,” Sherlock warns and continues in a mutter, so low that it can only be meant for the Greaser himself under the sound of a zip being pulled down. “I want to feel you stretch around me.”
“John, answer your mother.” Mr. Watson's voice is heard through the newspaper, which John knows is hiding a cup of tea as spectacle-dressed eyes follow the rows of words.
His gaze flickers over John's face before it zooms out and Sebastian's features, apart from the the concerned wrinkle between his eyebrows, smooths out. He does not seem to notice when John carefully wriggles out of his grip and nervously licks his lips, not sure what to do next.
A heavy exhalation follows his words. A moment later he extends his hand and waits for the power play to end, for the man to complete his part of the deal. The photograph feels like safety when it is placed in his hand and John wastes no time as he puts it inside his pocket.
“I'm just...” John swallows thickly and shrugs, before he gives up with a sigh. “You are intoxicated, aren't you?”
Just like the previous day, Sherlock does not seem to be bothered by the silence which John perceives as pressing. Sherlock increases the speed once they leave John’s street and at the same time turns on the radio, just in time for them to hear the last tones of
“Sleeping?” He cannot find it in himself to believe his own innocence, not with Sherlock's hands disappearing into his back pockets.
“Yes.” A one syllable word, spoken often throughout the day and not rarely in response to questions like Sebastian's, comes out choked and hesitant. “I told you the first time we met.”
“But he did,” Sebastian insists. “I heard it myself. He stands up for ya, why wouldn't he care all of a sudden?”
“But Sherlock is younger than you,” John points out and Moriarty raises an eyebrow at the eagerness in his voice.
Their unpleasant meeting is over and the man turns to saunter onto the adjacent street. A final string of words is thrown over his shoulder before he blends with the crowd enjoying the warmth from the sun and the freedom only Saturday afternoon can bring.
“Well,” he says slowly. “We don't even know if we will get a new teacher, right? It sounds like a rumour to me. Mr. Morgan has been working here for years, why would he quit?”
“John Watson.” The man nods at him when John stops, but the cold eyes look anything but friendly as they critically scan the helmet. “It pleases me to meet you out in the open, that warehouse is enough to make anyone look grey, don't you think?”
He will never know what is going on inside that peculiar mind, but at the moment John can accept not knowing. Sherlock’s hand is heavy and speaks of protection and promises of affection. Of something John’s heart wants but his brain knows is impossible.
”Up to your room, then. I will leave breakfast for you in the refrigerator for when you get hungry.”
“He said you’d know where to find ‘im,” Greg continues and when John’s confused frown only deepens, he sighs annoyed.
A moment later he wishes that he had retreated while he had the chance. The flash of insecurity is nothing but a flash and it is gone so quickly that John is unsure whether he actually saw it as he looks up at the young man’s angry face.
The bed dips from Sherlock's weight when the Greaser joins him and a big hand strokes over John's thigh. The sensation makes him shiver as the soft fingers spread the pleasure over his skin, just like the cane earlier spread the heat.
John’s head snaps up so quickly that his neck hurts when someone calls for him and his hideout behind the corner turns out to be less protective that he had hoped it would be.
Sherlock leans forward and presses a kiss to John's temple. The smell of cigarettes intensifies with Sherlock's face so close to his and John licks his dry lips. Sherlock has taken him on an inner journey, challenged him to do unthinkable things and enjoy sinful deeds. Sherlock has made him trust a Greaser, question his faith and fall in love.
Sherlock does not have to raise his voice in order to convey the threat. He says the words calmly and quietly, but with each syllable cold as ice and dripping with poison. To defy him would be to press the button and unleash the missiles.
“I do,” Sherlock confirms and places his palms on the ground behind himself and leans back. “Most of us do. Sebastian and Larry drive bikes and I am working on getting mine back on the roads, but most of the members have cars. Things don’t always go according to plan.”
It rings in John's ears, confidently and sinisterly, as they descend the steps to freedom outside. It is so deeply imprinted in his eardrum that the sound of traffic disappears in comparison until Sherlock forces him into the car and slams the door shut. The sharp noise makes him jump and he stares wide-eyedly as the Greaser rounds the car and takes his seat. The engine is dead but Sherlock's fingers curl around the steering wheel. With the already pale knuckles turning alarmingly white an even more worrying image of how Sherlock drives the car into Victor's defenceless body appears in John's mind and he quickly leans over the gear stick and places his hand on Sherlock's.
Molly shakes her head and glances over John's shoulder before she looks at him with reproachful eyes. “Don't lie to me, John. He has not been able to take his eyes off you the whole day.”
Three times Mr. Stokes lashes his left buttock, just like promised. The second and the third strokes follow the same pattern, also those diagonal and delivered rapidly. John groans and jerks forward, into the desk which welcomes him with a sharp edge in his stomach, but he firmly grits his teeth. The position, the indisputable power imbalance and John's childish underwear around his ankles are humiliating enough without tears.
On a second thought, with the immediate danger gone and with his pulse returning to normal, it was less wise to seek refuge in Mr. Stokes’ home. The man’s eyes are intelligent, like Sherlock’s, and John is reluctant to make eye contact in the fear of what his teacher might contract from him.
The petting through his hair was a vital part of the process, Mr. Stokes tells him. By repeatedly touching one of the more innocent erogenous zones on John’s body, Sherlock could exploit his sensitivity and confuse pleasure with affection.
"I can make you feel even better. Better than As and rugby. Better than anything you have experienced so far."
“Why would you need to gain my trust?” he asks as he slowly turns back to watch Moriarty try the knot by pulling decisively at the rope a few times. “Why me?”
John nearly suffocates on his sandwich, and once he has managed to swallow the piece stuck in his throat he turns to Sherlock with disbelief written across his features.
John tilts his head back until their gazes meet and he is looking into the depth of Sherlock’s eyes.
"You were late," Sherlock says simply. "Twelve whole minutes, according to this report from Ms. Carroll. I don't understand what you want me to explain, John, it is all crystal clear to me. You lost of track of time with me underneath that tree."
John can see David’s eyebrows practically disappear underneath his hairline before he turns around and finds himself staring into a white t-shirt. The leather jacket is thrown over the teen’s shoulder and once John lifts his gaze enough to look up at Gregory Lestrade’s pursed lips it is clear that he is anything but pleased with running Sherlock’s errands.
The words are breathed into his mouth, each syllable sending a shiver down John's spine. He whimpers softly and Sherlock pulls back, examining John's flushed cheeks and insecure smile.
She sends John a meaning look when she walks away and John wishes that he could be as happy with Sherlock's presence as she is. He already knows that she will repeat Sherlock's words over and over in her head until they turn into a declaration of his affection.
The Greaser constantly occupies a part of his head, it shrinks and expands, but he cannot rid himself of it. He does not want to rid himself of it.
“Didn't I tell you so?” Molly's smile widens before she leans closer as if to share a secret. “So what is going on between you and Sherlock?”
A bright blush appears on John's cheeks and he licks his lips. It takes more self-control than it should to reject Sherlock's offer.
He climbs the branches of the oak with Moriarty’s giggling ringing unpleasantly in his ears. He can understand the man’s inappropriate amusement, as the symbolism is so loud and clear that he cannot ignore it. He entered a road of self-destruction and now he is placing the noose around his own neck.
”Are you sure, John?” his mother asks and steps closer to place the back of her hand on John's forehead. ”You missed dinner last night, and now church... ”
It is obvious the next day that Sherlock does not trust him. John kisses his mother goodbye and leaves the house, only to see the red Cadillac parked by the pavement. His steps become nervous when he trots up to the flowerbed under his window and retrieves the bag he hid there the night before. The bag keeps the jacket from becoming wet, and the flowerbed his mother from noticing the jacket.
“He gave me the address,” John continues and the Greaser takes the note John awkwardly offers him and reads it with his eyebrows sceptically rising.
John can feel the Greaser's warm breath on his skin when Sherlock carefully unites their foreheads. Sherlock fills a hole inside of him he never was aware of. Sherlock is the missing piece that makes him whole.
He cannot solve the puzzle Sherlock Holmes puts in front of him. The Greaser's motives, and even the Greaser himself, remain in the smoggy shadow, just out of John's reach. To lose himself in the threatening darkness is a frightful thought, and yet John finds himself drawn closer to the den of iniquity. Sherlock is reeling him in, inch by inch, and somewhere along the steady winding John became a pressure point.
He waits, listens to the sound of fingers once again tapping against the steering wheel, but it is not until he loses his patience and reaches for the door handle that Sherlock’s clear voice is heard in the car.
“I’ve done my part,” he mutters and makes himself ready to leave. “Unless you’re cruisin’ for a bruisin’, I’d go and find him if I were you, Watson.”
“John,” he says and takes John's head between his hands. “I have never lied to you. What your mother saw was merely an act, designed to make her like me. This is the real me, rude, annoying Greaser with a big ego and a rich family whose money is very useful when it comes to buying my Golden Boy golden gifts.”
John closes his eyes, bows his head in defeat as his trembling lips form the two words Sherlock’s voice sends through his mind, his own voice weak but final. “Pressure point.”
Greg rolls his eyes and straightens his back from the relaxed position in which he was sitting. “You are not exactly the type Sherlock normally surrounds himself with. I don't know why he keeps me around, but usually he has a purpose behind it. Something to gain.”
John lifts the sandwich to his lips and the long fingers immediately start moving with soft, rhythmic motions.
John never thought a man would leave him heartbroken, but he feels tears burn behind his eyelids. He has to stay strong or Sebastian will know. A boy does not cry over another boy.
John's words sound almost accusatory and he swallows thickly when the cold gaze returns to his face.
Sherlock is coaxed out of his shell with every touch of affection until John finds himself in the Greaser's arms.
The words are meant as comfort but bring nothing but panic to John’s eyes. He would pull back, stutter and deny the truth, if the fear had not paralysed him.
A moment later he tenses. The muscles in his gluteal region, with names that John knows by heart but cannot find in his memory, contract and Sherlock faces a natural barrier of defence. Being touched down there cannot be described as anything but unnatural.
The word feels wrong on his tongue. Two boys cannot cuddle. Cuddle sounds intimate, romantic even. Something couples consisting of one boy and one girl do.
The Greaser is ruining the Golden Boy. Taking him in his claws and transforming him until the boy with straight As and a respectable appearance is late for class twice, wears a leather jacket and carries a faint smell of cigarette smoke.
“I just thought... he cared.” John's voice is small and he bites his bottom lip. Of all the people present in his life, he never thought Sebastian would be the one to comfort him. The Greaser is two years older, intimating and rough. He is the person who changes girls more often than he washes his greasy hair and who never gets attached enough to be left with the feeling of decay John is carrying inside.
“It is surprisingly suitable, if you think about it,” Sherlock says with an amused twinkle dancing in his eyes. “The other members, the teachers, the students… People in general. They are all morons. They don’t even know that they are driving around with a logo on their leather jackets declaring them as idiots.”
“It does not mean Bible, that’s for sure,” Sherlock snorts before he taps his fingers against the cover of John’s Chemistry book. “You are holding the answer in your hands, golden boy.”
His silent joy does not falter until Sherlock drives through the school gates and John's heart drops together with the speed of the car until they are parked next to the other Greasers' vehicles. His posture immediately grows tenser and his tongue flicks out to, with a nervous motion, wet his lips.
A smile that does not reach his eyes is playing on his lips when he turns around to beckon John, who follows on numb legs, through the open door.
He stands up and John can see the comfortable chair in which the man was sitting until he forces himself to follow Mr. Stokes with his gaze. The teacher walks up to the window behind the desk, where he places his hands on his back and thoughtfully looks out through the glass. “I hope you realise that this is a highly serious matter, Mr. Watson. I have to inform the headmaster, who will inform your parents. There will be investigations regarding your previous grades and you are likely to spend the rest of the term in detention.”
Sherlock has parked the car next to an old and abandoned farm where, by the looks of it, the road ends. Most of the windows are broken and a dirty sheet floats gracefully in the wind where it is tied to forever dry. What remains of the unknown farmer’s history before he decided to try his luck at the industry in the town makes John shudder, but Sherlock steers his steps past the house and into the forest behind. John follows best he can, over moss covered rocks and through seemingly impenetrable thicket, but despite the regular rugby practices he soon feels his thighs burn. Sherlock trots on like an elegant gazelle and does not seem bothered by the obstacles nature puts in front of them as he purposefully and with accustomed steps proceeds forward.
John shrugs and makes an attempt to peel the leather jacket off when the car stops, but Sherlock places a hand on his shoulder.
“No, Mr. Watson.” Mr. Stokes' voice is stern and he puts the project away again. “Miss Hooper's testimony is not trustworthy in this situation.”
“His what?” John, still shocked by the man's decision to describe him and Sherlock as close, frowns.
With that Sherlock leaves, turning to let John throw the words he cannot find at a tall and unresponsive back board.
“And studying, apparently.” Sherlock pulls back enough to move his gaze over the organised mess of papers, books and pens displayed on John's duvet. “Boring.”
It does not matter which part Sherlock is asking about, John can honestly and without hesitation give him a negative response. No one has touched him where Sherlock's knee is grinding him, no one has kissed his temple, ear and neck like Sherlock is doing and he has never been naked from the waist and down in anybody else's, boy's or girl's, bedroom. He has never been filled with the need and pleasure Sherlock fills him with, not even by his own hand.
sounding from the radio as the wind plays in their hair. It gives peaceful a new meaning. People can stare and they will stare. Sherlock's jacket keeps him warm and the Greaser's thumb strokes soothingly over the back of John's hand.
He does not have to fake the illness he claims to have. His stomach twists and turns, threatening to throw up the sandwich he grabbed from the kitchen before he escaped from everyone's sight the night before. The guilt makes his head spin and his hand is shaking when he leans against the worktop for support, half expecting his mother to be able to read the sin off him. To, with some miraculous method, see where Sherlock's lips touched his and how the Greaser's tongue, with the lightest brush, ghosted John's lower lip.
“You look too appetising for your own good, Golden Boy,” he breathes and leans down with his body pressed against John's. “I should just smash your face and make you undesirable for everyone but me. The mere thought of you with somebody else is simply... unbearable.”
With his options limited and not even a frightening Greaser to ask for directions, John prepares to leave the warehouse and continue his aimless walk through the town. He turns around and even lifts his foot off the floor in the beginning of a step forward before his brain registers what he just saw and he automatically does a double take.
“All right,” he mutters and annoyed pushes Sherlock's hand away when the Greaser tries to force his head up. “Then why don't you pull down my trousers and spank me right here? I can bend over the car, if that would make things easier for you.”
in a firm grip, turning the corner and reaching the car park just in time to see Sherlock unload the bag in the passenger seat of a red 1952 Cadillac.
He is just about to step over the threshold and into the weekend of freedom and ordinary, highly sinless plans when a voice, raised above the noise of moving feet and excited students, reaches him.
John can neither reciprocate nor push Sherlock away with his arms hanging numbly along his sides, all while the Greaser continues to ravenously kiss his neck and replies with a mutter. “I'll send you a rasp.”
John wipes the tears and takes a deep breath. His throat is still burning and he has to hold on to Sebastian's arm to prevent himself from faltering in a spinning world. Never again will he trust Sebastian.
“I know their lot, John. They are possessive. You might see it as beneficial to have their protection against bullies but, and trust me when I tell you this, once you start to misbeha-”
that." He nods in the direction of the doorway and looks back at Sherlock, just in time to see those muscular shoulders pull up in another shrug.
It all feels like a dream when John wakes up the following morning. A black leather jacket is the only reminder of the kiss he and Sherlock shared, carefully placed over the back of a chair. What kept him dry the previous night now attracts his attention like a red cross left by a teacher on an exam paper, and John's stomach turns so painfully that he has to close his eyes. The clock on the wall ticks with an annoying rhythm which soon turns into a rapid chant of
What he regrets remains unsaid as Sebastian leaves a moment later, disappearing around the corner with an angry roar from the Bantam. What stays with John longer than the sight of the Greaser is the feeling of exhaustion. He feels like one of the washing machine's at Glenn's Self-Service Laundry, which spins and spins with its content centrifuged towards the edges. As if he will become the first known case of an exploded head due to an overload of thoughts.
John swallows. Although Sherlock’s stance is anything but threatening, he can see the seriousness in the Greaser’s eyes. Sherlock is prepared. John does not know what for, but he is prepared.
There is something intimidating about an empty school. The otherwise busy corridors are silent and empty and the only light shining behind the windows comes from the teachers' offices. John tries to be brave, but he would prefer to step back into the sun where Sebastian can see them. Where the Greaser can see and also come to his help.
John moans softly when a pair of lips is pressed to his neck and hot, humid breath spreads over the delicate skin, but it is also when he places a hand on the teenager's chest in order to separate their bodies. “What are you doing?”
“Because he is an obnoxious, self-centred Greaser.” John turns around and he glares at Sebastian behind his glasses. “That's why. He just left. ”
. The increase of speed also means an increase of wind and when John for the fifth time lifts his hand in an unsuccessful attempt to flatten the mess his hair quickly turns into, Sherlock snorts.
“Fucking perfect. If it ain't Mr. M?” Sebastian's elbow gives John a push resulting in that he nearly does fall off the bike. “Just go. Some of us are bored of playing Holmes' stupid games.”
“No, Sir... Mr. Stokes, that is not what happened. You see, we worked on it together. All of it. She simply wrote it down because her writing is neater than mine. We always do like this. You can ask Molly.”
“No, I'm not.” Sherlock's tight voice is followed by a loud honk as the Greaser's frustrated fist lands on the car horn. “Shut up.”
Somehow, and maybe it is the golden cross hidden underneath his jumper, he manages to keep his voice from breaking.
A desperate, broken gasp leaves his lips when his fingers close around his cock, before Sherlock swats his hand away.
Sherlock's hand finds his cock and a smug grin appears on the Greaser's lips. John is hard, not as hard as Sherlock, but hard enough. The ultimate proof of his body's reluctant interest, something which he cannot control.
The response is short and concise and John can practically feel the iron curtain Sherlock creates between them, impervious and loud in its pressing silence.
“I need you to take a deep breath, John,” he says with remarkable softness in his voice. “Focus on breathing.”
Sherlock takes his hand when they leave town and John's bottom suddenly hurts a little less, but he is still the first of them to leave the car and stand up when they stop in front of a big house. It stretches up above them, like a castle from his dreams, with countless windows and impressive towers. It is the typical example of the property of a family of old money.
He does not realise what is about to happen until it is too late. Sherlock’s hand moves through his hair with a steady and predictable rhythm, up his neck, to his forehead, and back down again. Like a hypnotist, Sherlock entrances him until John’s eyelids fall down and he loses himself in the moment, a hand on his head, the sun keeping him warm, and the distant sound of birds and cars.
John looks up and a deep frown decorates his forehead. Sebastian looks nearly pained by the effort of initiating an everyday chat with someone wearing a slip-over over a neatly ironed shirt.
Mr. Stokes chuckles and places a tray on the coffee table. “I apologise for bringing you back to reality, John. Dreams are usually more pleasant. Especially the dreams of a teenage boy.” He gives John a smile as he sits down at the other end of the sofa with his legs crossed, motioning towards the cup on the tray. “Please.”
Dust has already formed white disruptions against the shiny black pair of shoes and the man has strategically positioned himself where he will not accidentally touch anything that could defile his suit, and yet he gives John a critical look and raises an eyebrow.
Sherlock's knee presses against John's crotch, gently but firmly, and a small nudge makes John gasp, causing him to inhale the deep, masculine scent left by Sherlock in the pillow until it numbs his mind like a drug. Sherlock moves his knee again and John's hips do an involuntary jerk.
John’s jaw drops. He had expected a detailed, impressive and complicated explanation to Sherlock’s choice of name. How the atomic mass of boron could be divided by the number of members to find a number transformable into something meaningful. Anything but a childish play with words.
John deeply regrets bringing his Chemistry book when beads of sweat form in his hairline. He could see Sherlock cast the thick book amused glances already in the car and he can only imagine what the Greaser will say once he realises that John has brought it with him into the deepest of forests. He runs his arm over his forehead and when he looks up again Sherlock is gone. The tall back he has used as a landmark since they first entered the forest is nowhere to be seen and John looks around with a confused frown before he cautiously continues forward. He pushes himself through a thick wall of bushes, that do their best to push him back again, and nearly jumps out of his skin when someone grabs his arm.
"I..." John can feel Sherlock's thumb follow the movements of his lips as he inhales shakily. "I need to study."
“I know that I am allowed talk,” John tries again as his hands close the book in his lap. So far he has avoided Sherlock’s eyes, but with nothing left to distract himself with and with a growing concern of being rude, he lifts his gaze and bravely locks it with Sherlock’s.
Sherlock does not want to admit that he finds the photographs enjoyable, but he still claims one of the kissing photos and leaves John with the remaining three. John loves them all, the grumpy Sherlock, the surprised Sherlock and the kissing Sherlock. It is the first time he sees them kissing and John cannot stop looking at the way their lips meet and how Sherlock looms over him. He looks so small next to the Greaser.
His heart speeds up and the sudden increase makes him gasp when more oxygen is needed to satisfy his racing pulse. He is not Sherlock, but nor is he stupid. No one accidentally writes legible letters with a rattan cane. It requires planning. The first diagonal line on his left buttock needs to be placed in a way that allows the other two lines enough space to form the first letter. The vertical lines look so awkward considering their source that Mr. Stokes must have turned his wrist in an angle most inappropriate for a caning.
Fearing a weapon John backs away, but it is not a gun or a knife appearing in the man's hand. It is a photograph, small but all too familiar and much worse than a weapon.
“You replaced me, didn't you?” Sebastian shakes his head with a huff. “You're tiny. The biggest part of you are your binoculars.”
The way the man stands, the expensive suit he is wearing and the authority he emits, glues John's tongue to the roof of his mouth. Tells him to speak only when spoken to.
Mr. Stokes does not seem bothered by the fact that he looks as small behind the desk as John looks next to Sherlock. The man waits until the door is firmly closed and then shows John to take the seat in front of the desk, on a chair that is hard and uncomfortable.
Just loud enough to block the sounds from downstairs it also envelops them in a sphere of privacy, a sphere which is needed once Sherlock returns to him. Whereas John normally would see a faint reflection of the Greaser in the window the empty frame offers nothing but a view of Mr. Davis' house. He waits, nervously, with his fingertips hugging the edge of the desk. Second after second passes, with nothing happening apart from the rising of hair on John's neck, until Sherlock ghosts his fingers along the line of sensitive skin where John's bottom meets thigh. The sensation is enough to make his heart leap if possible farther up his throat and his buttocks contract automatically with a wave of dull pain as muscles apply pressure to the welts. Sherlock does not let it fade before he angles his wrists and once again cups the backside with palms on his cheek and fingers still in the imaginary line underneath. He kneads the flesh, massages it gently at first to soon continue with a firmer treatment. Under the layer of stinging pain lies excitement, openly shown when a gasp breaks through the tones of
It comes a moment later, when Sherlock takes pity on him and strong arms pull him up from the desk and presses him to a protective chest. One arm hooked under his armpit keeps John standing and its hand presses firmly over John's mouth as the other hand grabs his cock. It only takes a few firm strokes from Sherlock, matched with the unrestrained thrusting and a pair of lips sucking a deep purple mark on his neck, for John's knees to buckle. The orgasm hits him with unforgiving strength and there is little John can do but sob into Sherlock's palm as the walls inside his arse clench around the Greaser's cock.
is not enough to make him feel comfortable. A part of him wants to add ‘If I am still allowed to speak’, but he quickly pushes the thought away.
Sherlock is still looking amused by the time they reach the school, the complete opposite to John who now pouts grumpily. He grabs his bag and makes himself ready to leave for first period when Sherlock’s fingers close around his arm.
They all warned him about Sherlock Holmes. Mr. M, Mr. Stokes, even Sherlock himself made it quite clear that a new world of unimaginable danger would surround him with its greedy, sin-dripping claws if he continued down the path that the Greaser showed him. John knew but was unable to resist the temptation of heavenly pleasure.
Sherlock entwines his fingers in John's hair, rubbing circles over his scalp, and John subconsciously lifts his arse higher.
“If I can't pay.” Sherlock finishes his sentence with a tight smile. “Which I can. I never cared for him like I care for you, my Golden Boy. My relationship with Victor was purely sexual.”
Eventually, too soon and after an eternity, Sherlock withdraws his arm and John straightens his glasses with a trembling hand.
Sherlock's balls slap against him, like an extra instrument in the music, and John cannot hold back the moans. The promiscuous noise comes naturally, a noise that he the night before took in his mouth for the first time, and he soon has to bite his own arm to stop himself from screaming.
Sherlock has shown him a different side of himself. One that is caring and understanding. Molly is falling for Mr. Stokes. His friends hate him and Sherlock is his boyfriend.
He looks awfully pleased with himself and John's stomach turns. Sherlock is clever, but he appears to have walked straight into the man's claw-like fingers. The Greaser does not want another dose, he
John cannot find it in himself to do so. His face is pale, his hands sweating. Darkness is ignorance, but John could have sworn that the darkness filling him with horrifying thickness derives from knowledge of the pain he soon will feel.
John has no idea how he does it, but it leaves him thinking that there is nothing Sherlock is not capable of. There is a new student joining his Chemistry class, a tall and grumpy Greaser who should have taken the course two years ago. He towers above the rest of the students like the Eiffel tower in Paris and looks ready to pluck their eyes out with the pen spinning between his fingers if somebody would be foolish enough to make a comment. Sherlock could have given him Greg, whose company John has come to enjoy more and more, but it is not the Greaser with the sympathetic eyes. Molly is forced to leave her seat for Sebastian, and John, almost as terrified as his classmates, can only give her a helpless look.
“But it is so obvious,” he mutters, before he raises his voice for John to hear. “Do you really think that I would add a random letter to the name for the looks of it? Don’t be slow, John.”
John swallows when fingers graze down his temple and Sherlock's big palm cups his cheek. Unlike last time Sherlock touched his face, he is now gentle and the deep, mesmerising eyes find John's as a thumb skims over John's dry lips with a tingling sensation. "Come with me tomorrow, golden boy."
The humming has stopped on the other side of the door. In the eerie silence that follows he can hear Mr. Stokes’ steps get closer, the sound of fingers tapping against the wood forces John back to an unpleasant reality.
John’s confused frown deepens as he opens the first page with a growing concern of being made fun of, before his eyes widen and his heart skips a beat as he is blinking down at a copy of the periodic table.
“So...” Sebastian breaks the silence after a while, looking more at the street outside the window than at John. “I could give you a ride to school tomorrow. Since Holmes's gone and you've still got that helmet. Might as well pick ya up.”
“Don't worry, my Golden Boy,” he murmurs and kisses his way into John's mouth. “They know better than to touch what's mine.”
John shrugs and looks away. His mind, which usually is just as innocent as Sherlock first assumed, insists on filling his head with pictures of Sherlock. Sherlock naked. Sherlock with soft, pale skin and Sherlock doing things to another boy for which he could be convicted.
“You had your chance to explain, young man. I will listen to you and your friend over a cup of tea later. Don’t make him wait, it is rude.”
He flinches when the cane moves from his thigh and up to his bottom, but there is no strength behind the contact with his skin. Mr. Stokes taps the wood against his buttocks, just hard enough for John to be aware of it.
“You are right, Johnny,” Moriarty murmurs, not at all bothered by confessing to murder. John can even distinguish highly inappropriate pride in his voice. “Perhaps you can even name one of them?”
Ready to volunteer to said group, John slides down from the bike on shaky legs and pushes the glasses up on his helmet. He enjoyed sleeping in Sherlock's arms, far more than any boy should, but all the complications around the Greaser are getting on his nerves. Not to mention that men in suits telling him to stay away from Sherlock make him nervous.
John watches it fly through the air and disappear in the grass before he makes a half-heartedly attempt at a joke to conceal his discomfort. “I don’t get into cars with strangers.”
Sherlock must have noticed his reaction, for the symmetrical lips suddenly quirks into a smirk. “I’m giving you a ride home,” he repeats and gracefully lifts the cigarette to his lips for one last drag before he puts it out against the sole of his shoe and sloppily tosses the butt away.
“That thing you said about my friends,” John says when he after some hesitation sits down, ignoring the leather jacket offered to him and instead sits directly on the grass. “It’s not true. They wouldn't be my friends if they hated me.”
“It's fine, John. Just drop it. No one is going to fall for your little act anyway. Besides, Sherlock seems to appreciate your nerdy side. He has been spending a lot more time in the library this year, and if you ask me it is not because he needs to send university applications. It wouldn't surprise me if his books have peepholes.” He rolls his eyes and continues down the corridor. “So where are we going?”
Sherlock's arm pins him down with protective strength when the trembling intensifies. John cannot sit still, his stomach squirms and his legs jerk uncontrollably as Sherlock's hand sends wave after wave of pleasure through his body.
”Good.” Sherlock nods approvingly and cards his fingers through John's hair. ”We want everyone to know to whom you belong, don't we?”
“The sounds you made yesterday...” Sherlock's hot breath is back on his neck, kissing his jawline and drawing a broken sigh from John's lips. “Those sweet moans are enough to drive a man mad.”
“There is nothing preventing you from doing both,” Sherlock says sagely and guides John's head down onto his muscular shoulder. “I, on the contrary, came here to cuddle, and it would be most rude of you to deny me that. Now eat your lunch, John. I would hate to see you go hungry.”
Sherlock takes him away from Nowheresville and out on adventures. Some of them leave him breathless, like the kissing sessions in the back of the drive in theatre, and others, like visiting the shops, are more innocent.
John has never visited a teacher before, and he briefly wonders whether it is appropriate to do so as he looks around in the sitting room. The mental exercise as to why it would upset his mother, the headmaster and perhaps most of all Sherlock, helps him take his mind off other, graver matters and he leans against the backrest with two of the blanket’s corners gathered up in his hand, by his chest. Sherlock is the
Sherlock leans across the passenger seat to open the door for him and John smiles insecurely as he clumsily climbs inside with his two bags.
John deliberately waits as long after class as he dares, until the hallways are empty and there is no one around to see where he is going. There is shame in knocking on the door to a teacher's office. Perhaps not for Sherlock, who he imagines to be spending more time in the offices than in class, but for the Golden Boy it is a new low. The drop must be historical, both in speed and in depth, and all because of one, irresistible boy.
He does not know how to make last night undone, but returning the cursed jacket seems like a promising start. Once the wonderful scent no longer numbs his mind he might be able to think clearly.
“It is beautiful,” John says and hesitantly sits down next to Sherlock once the Greaser places his leather jacket on the ground as a protection for John’s trousers. Sherlock seems amused by his decision to obey the request, but his hand immediately comes up to touch John’s hair in a silent praise.
Sherlock kisses him again, until John cannot tell their tongues apart, and pulls away with a pat between his shoulder blades.
Sherlock’s car takes them through the town and out to the English countryside which turns more rural the further they travel. He manages to find a road so narrow that John completely overlooked it and after a couple of minutes on the bumpy gravel the Cadillac stops.
“Would they?” Sherlock asks coldly and tilts his head slightly to the side. “Would they know that we, two boys, kissed, or would they assume that you stand under my protection?”
“Seems like it was a wise decision of me to wait for your practise to finish. Is anything the matter, John?”
Whatever Sebastian was expecting, it is obvious from his reaction that it was anything but that. The Greaser freezes and, just like outside the warehouse, John sees the briefest moment of fear cross the teenagers face before it scrunches up in anger.
“Sherlock is not here,” he informs the man. “I have not seen him since he dropped me off this morning.”
John cannot hold back the broken moan when Sherlock's digits finally wrap themselves around his cock. It is not particularly big even erected, still growing like the rest of him, and the Greaser can easily get a good hold with his long, bony fingers.
Greg looks about as happy to guide John through the already familiar corridors of school as he was last time he executed Sherlock's request. He makes a small jerk with his head to show John that it is time to leave and then turns around with his hands in his pockets. John can feel heads turn in their direction as they cross the school yard and make it into the main building and the unwanted attention makes his ears glow. The leather jacket illuminates him like an actor on stage despite its black colour and John hurries his steps to walk next to Greg in the vain hope that it will camouflage him.
The Greaser's lips quirk up in a brief but smug grin the moment before their breathing space ceases to exist. Sherlock's hands sweep down his back, over the soft jumper and soon the shirt underneath, with the faintest tremor of greed.
“The things you do to me, John,” Sherlock breathes. “Everything about you is simply too much. I can hardly contain myself.”
“So it’s a mystery, then.” His mother’s tone is sarcastic, but John’s confusion is genuine. Sherlock’s eyes, on the other hands, are amused behind the facade of controlled seriousness.
They have been on John's mind for a couple of days, the small booth with a curtain protecting them from insight. Sherlock huffs annoyed when he is forced inside by John's eager hands and he gives the lens a look as though he hopes to burn it with his eyes. John ignores him as he puts the coins into the machine and smiles as brightly as the sun when the first photo is taken. He melts the Greaser's grumpy mood with a kiss on his cheek for the second photo and for the remaining two Sherlock leans down to kiss him on the lips with an arm around his shoulders.
He looks at John expectantly and when it is clear that also Greg had a purpose behind his words John shrugs.
Guided by Sherlock's hand John lowers himself. By the time his elbows are in a perpendicular angle to the desk his upper body holds the same relationship to the floor with his arse cheeks naturally parted. Sherlock kisses his nape before he spreads them properly, kneading them for a second and then places a finger, draped in John's saliva, on his entrance.
John's stomach does a somersault and he barely notices licking his own lips before Sherlock's finger traces the lines of them. A moment later his head is lifted up from Sherlock's lap and the Greaser leans forward, joining their lips in a kiss that draws a desperate whimper from John.
John glances up at Sebastian's sharp face to see how he takes the reminder. Some people take a gentle reminder to be equivalent to being called stupid, something John with his top grades and benevolence knows only too well, but Sebastian does not seem to care where he drags his feet around the street corner. The teenager nods and they fall back into the state of silence only interrupted by the tapping of feet against the cobblestone. The rhythmic sound echoes in John's head and his own shoes become the sole focus of his attention until they round yet another corner and a realisation begins to grown inside his head.
He understands a moment later that it hardly will be necessary. The sun is shining, not only encouraging the process of photosynthesis in an ever blooming nature but also enveloping him in pleasant warmth. It does not come as a surprise that the roof of the Cadillac is once again folded. A pair of dark shades protects Sherlock's eyes from the sun rays and his white t-shirt leaves no doubt as to why the Greaser has the reputation of being one of the best fighters at school. Sherlock leans over to open the door on the passenger side, the muscles in his arms flex and John's stomach tingles.
“You certainly have a thing for men with dark hair, don't you?” John huffs and receives a sharp elbow in his side as Molly tries to look stern but cannot hide a small giggle.
“I don't understand,” John says as he reluctantly follows. “Even if I were Sherlock's pressure point, what would you do? Kidnap me until he stops avoiding you?”
John lifts is head at the command, much like the dog Sherlock, intentionally or unintentionally, turns him into. His position, standing in front of a desk with his lower body naked and exposed, feels alarmingly similar to the incident in Mr. Stokes' office. However illogical, a part of John expects the rattan cane.
“You hurt me.” He starts quietly, building strength as he stares at Sherlock with the emotions flooding through his body once again, as fresh and painful as when Sherlock left him that morning. “You hurt me today and you hurt me every day since we met. You manipulated me and you showed me sin. Leave me alone!”
The plea is left hanging in the air until Sherlock turns his hand and laces their fingers together. “I am relaxed.”
“John.” It is Mr. Stokes’ voice that reaches him this time, right before the man places a hand on his shoulder. “John, remember what we talked about. Remember what he did to you.”
He has felt it before. The ominous stare that is boring into the back of his head, seeing through the curls of blonde hair, layers of skin, and the hard occipital bone of his skull. Seeing straight into his very core. It feels like he is one of those anatomy models in Mr. Dunton’s Biology class, where each of the human organs can be removed for educational purposes until only an empty shell remains and you stand there with a heart or a brain in your hand. Maybe a lung or a kidney.
Whereas John would call the soreness that makes every step a mild punishment unwanted, Mr. Stokes' gaze lands on the leather jacket and John shrugs.
The phrase is repeated over and over in John's head to the point that it loses its meaning and the next day he can nearly roll his eyes at the unreasonable words. Someone like Sherlock Holmes does not have a pressure point, especially not a pressure point in the shape of a square.
John can only shrug and pulls Sherlock with him as he stumbles back, only stopping once his trembling body is trapped between the rough brick wall and Sherlock's protective form. Safe and hidden.
Sherlock faces no difficulty in getting the button open and he pushes John's trousers, along with his underwear, down to his ankles. John shivers, suddenly experiencing the breeze from the window as chilly, and he looks up at Sherlock with wide eyes.
“This is Miss Hooper's project. I have studied it five times, Mr. Watson, and all I can find regarding your participation is your name scribbled on the front. I do not tolerate this kind of behaviour and laziness, is that clear?”
“Get inside the car,” he mutters, already reaching for the key. “We need to get you out of those clothes. You are obviously in pain.”
John allows himself to lick his lips and moves his attention from Mr. Stokes' hand and up to his face.
Sherlock pecks his lips and turns around, putting an effective end to the discussion as he disappears behind a door. “Take off your trousers and lay down on the bed, John. On your belly.”
“It’s Sherlock,” he says with a shrug. “He will have what he wants, eventually. If he wants you to come running to him, you will. And you will do so happily.”
“Right.” John’s fingers skim across the leather of his bag until he reaches the cold metal lock and he clears his throat. He cannot get his head around Sherlock, but he sees no reason why he should be afraid of talking. Why he should be afraid of the Greaser at all. “Thank you for taking me home.”
The man appears inch by inch in his field of vision and John's heart nearly stops when he looks up at the cold, emotionless eyes underneath two neatly picked eyebrows. His moment of shock must be visible for the man to see, for the tight lips in the pale and otherwise bored face quirk into an amused smile that never reaches his eyes.
Sebastian walks him out when the glass is empty. There is a smile on John's lips and the happy chirping of birds is not as big a contrast to his mood as before.
By the time John takes his lunch to the tree the news of him – rugby player, perfect student and overall square – wearing a Greaser's jacket have been ingrained and branched throughout the school with the impressive speed of McDonald Bailey's equivalence of the world record in Belgrade. If the rumours have reached Sherlock the Greaser does not show any signs of knowing as he beckons John forward with a long finger and with what John could have sworn is a proud smirk.
“Are ya slow?” Sebastian cuts him off and yanks him closer by his collar. “Stay away from that shit. There are two ways for people to control ya, do ya hear that? Love and drugs. Don't let Holmes or anyone else get that kind of power over ya.”
“Don’t you see?” Moriarty teases, enjoying every syllable that leaves his lips. “It is all a game, Johnny. Just a silly game. You are not important. You are simply the unfortunate bastard who happened to get involved. You are a tool. A pawn in a game of chess, sacrificed to get to the king. I want Sherlock.  I want Sherlock to show his true potential, to try to match my intelligence. To cure the boredom that has pained me for years. Instead he distracts himself with drugs. With the sinful pleasure of the flesh.”
“I get to push around punks like you.” The teasing smirk spreads over Sebastian's face before John's eyes widen too much. The smirk turns into a chuckle and before John knows it he stumbles a couple of steps forward, pushed by the strong hand patting his back. Sebastian catches up with him effortlessly with the wide grin of someone who is very pleased with himself. “I also like that I'm dead good at it.”
“What are you doing?” He squints down at Sherlock and at the same time listens for approaching footsteps. “My parents will see you, you can't be here.”
John considers himself to be average. Nothing special, with an average name and an average appearance. While Sherlock is shining in his perfection, John is grey and dull. One in the crowd.
John hesitates before he nods. He never had the opportunity to say those words to Sherlock, but he knows with every cell in his body that he fell head over heels in love with the Greaser.
Sherlock's expression is indecipherable as he withdraws his finger and slowly rubs the cum onto John's cheek. “If only you could have this part of me inside of you forever... Forever mine.”
John can see Sherlock inhale when he looks up. The deep breath raises his shoulders, stiffens them, straightens the neck and tenses it. Sherlock is struggling to remain apathetic.
“John. I am waiting for an apology and an explanation, because this is not how I want you to behave.”
"You were brilliant down there," he chuckles as he tosses his teacher's note onto his desk and folds his arms underneath his head. "Please tell me you're going to law school."
“I couldn't know Holmes never gave ya weed,” Sebastian continues and puts the cigarette between his lips to have a hand free for John. It pats his back until John breathes normally and then quickly withdraws to the safety of the motorcycle handle. He looks guilty behind the tough exterior and John quickly jumps to a conclusion as to why.
He suspects that even his father would lower the newspaper if he were to reveal exactly what he and Sherlock spent the last two nights doing.
A handwriting has never looked more intimidating, even the three dots look oddly vicious. John has never been summoned to a teacher's office before, but he cannot see how it would lead to anything good.
“John? I am delighted to see that you accepted my invitation, but what in the name of God happened to you?”
He is becoming what his father warns Harriet not to become. The naïve girl who lets boys kiss them without a promise to call. Who innocently expects the boy to call her and who does not understand that she simply is being used.
Nothing John said could disarm the ticking bomb and fifteen minutes later he found himself in the corner of the street, guided there by the Greaser's commanding words. The fresh morning air taints his cheeks pink and plays with the sheer fabric of his pyjama bottoms, for the first time on display for the neighbourhood's curious eyes. The leather jacket is as useless as his words and today it does not draw a proud smirk from the other's lips where it hangs awkwardly over John's shoulder, one sleeve over his arm and the second hanging along his back as a result of Sherlock's impatience. The Greaser towers above him and John nearly crouches in fear of being beaten, but Sherlock does not resolve to physical violence. There is no need for injuries when each syllable leaving the skilled tongue resembles whiplashes.
Sherlock does not resolve to physical violence, but John struggles for breath when he stumbles back home. The house lays empty and his bedroom window, where Sherlock entered and left, stands ajar. John closes it heavy-heartedly, with a deep sigh not matching the chirping of birds outside. He dresses slowly and tries not to think about Sherlock, about his parents' worry when he rushed out the door that morning without any explanation. Trying not to think at all.
He runs away from Mr. M, whose footsteps he can hear fall behind. He runs away from Sherlock, away from anyone who wants to hurt him, and to the man who promised to help.
“For me, B means Boron. Low abundance on Earth and in the solar system. Similar to the way I am a rare element to the human species.”
He chuckles quietly and cuddles up closer to the warm body, but Sherlock clicks his tongue disapprovingly.
He lifts his gaze and meets Sherlock's eyes, openly showing how tired but determined he is. He will walk home, with welts and pain, unless Sherlock drops the attitude.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice is sharper now, it delivers a stern order that cuts through the hallway. “I need you to come with me. It is very important that you do. Now do as I say.”
John freezes on the chair. He can vividly see his future shatter into tiny, unrepairable pieces, with scholarship, education and acknowledgement from his family being merely an unattainable dream.
The man turns around and waves with his hand to make John follow him. Away from Sebastian and into the shadows.
It is Sunday, church day, but when John finally drags himself down the stairs he is not wearing his suit. His mother looks up from the saucepan on the stove to see her son still dressed in his pyjamas and with his face pale. Mrs. Watson's forehead furrows as she stops stirring the porridge and, out of habit, wipes her already clean hands on the rose-patterned apron around her neck.
John stops drinking and moves his head away from the straw. Sebastian keeps surprising him. He looks into the Greaser's blue eyes for a moment before Sebastian looks away with a shrug.
He fears dying, because with the sin barely dry on his lips and between his thighs he knows that heaven does not await him on the other side. The gates will be shut and impenetrable for him. But, to Moriarty’s delight, John keeps his back straight and his head stubbornly lifted as they cross the lawn towards the oak. John thinks about the brave soldiers who perished in the war, about his uncle who never made it home.
“This is what most people would call an appropriate distance to somebody else,” John mumbles, but moves closer to Sherlock nonetheless with a roll of his eyes. “You are so sure that I want to sit next to you.”
Sherlock's fingers continue to roam his skin, nails scarping gently and fingertips drawing small circles, whilst John's jaw slowly is drawn towards the floor and his lips part to let out a soft sigh.
“The interpretation of the Bible varies and changes and as I understand it, you base your faith on the interpretation of somebody else’s. You are free to make your own interpretation and no one can ever claim his or her faith to be more valid than yours. There is just one thing I would like you to take into consideration, my golden boy.” Sherlock’s fingers stop on John’s lips where they draw a broken breath from him. “Would the god who made it possible for your body to tingle like this really punish you for savouring the feeling?”
John is so relieved when the bell announces the end of the day that he is one of the first to leave his seat and collect his books. Friday afternoon, no rugby and no plans with Sherlock. After the strenuous week he has never been more eager to go home, have a cup of tea and open his books under the soft and familiar light of his desk lamp. Sherlock's presence fills his head with the wrong knowledge, improper knowledge that will be of little help during his exams.
John takes a deep breath, his chest rising and falling, and he turns his head. He has to tilt his head back, but Sherlock understands his intention and meets him halfway in the kiss, sealing their lips in a silent agreement.
Sherlock’s hand closes around his and John opens his eyes to look down at the long digits carefully easing his grip around the small bulge underneath his jumper. He had not even realised that he was reaching for his cross.
The buzz has suddenly stopped and everyone's attention is focused on him with the exception of Molly, who hardly can take her eyes off Mr. Stokes. The leather jacket still hangs over John's shoulders, like a billboard for anyone to read, and he can easily picture what they must all be thinking as their interest move from the new teacher to John.
Mrs. Watson gives him extra jam on his piece of bread and hands it to him with a worried look. “Is everything as it should, John?” Her hand moves up to his cheek when John has relieved her of his breakfast and she strokes it gently. “I was so worried when you never returned home.”
Moriarty’s voice turns almost sad, if he is capable of such emotions, but John's eyes are accusatory when they leave Sebastian to instead focus on Moriarty.
“Dreams are more pleasant.” He is ready to agree without hesitation. “Dreams, fiction… Anything that will take you away from reality for a moment.”
Sherlock pats the leather jacket which he has placed on the grass next to him, inviting John to join him.
Never before has he felt so alive, so present in the moment. Sherlock is the only thing on his mind. Sherlock, his skilled fingers and the wave of blinding pleasure which rolls up his spine when the Greaser bends his digits just right. Gone is the pain and the moment of hesitation, John could not convince himself to escape Sherlock's looming figure even if he wanted to. Like in trance, he lifts his head in a moan and at the same time arches his back, inviting Sherlock in.
John almost wants to send Mr. Stokes a bouquet of flowers for not sharing the incident with his Chemistry project.
Sherlock huffs surprised, but does not hesitate to wrap his arms around John's shoulders and pull him in behind the building where they are less likely to be seen.
It is the first time since the incident at the warehouse he speaks directly to the Greaser and he nearly flinches when the teenager turns to look at him.
“Cut the gas,” the Greaser mutters. “I never touched 'im. He looked like a punk who'd gotten lost from his keepers. Not my fault he refused to tune out even after I quoted. He even brought his mush.”
John stops short, momentarily blocking the doorway until impatient hands push him out of the way and his classmates flood outside. The fabric of his underwear irritates his sore skin when he slowly turns around, a reminder that Mr. Stokes currently is as far away from being his favourite teacher as it is possible to be. The punishment, he realised ten minutes into his biology lesson that morning, was more than six painful reminders on his backside. It is seven hours of suffering through class on hard, uncomfortable wooden chairs and he suddenly sees himself attempting to study positioned on his stomach on the bed instead of at his desk.
“Are you writing a book? Get out!” A big hand on John’s shoulder pushes him back with such power that he nearly falls over and the authoritative voice that reaches them from a short distance nearly makes him wish that he had.
John prefers it that way, when his cheeks shine like lighthouses for Mr. Davis to see and Sherlock's movements draw small gasps from him rather than cries of pain. His back occupies none of the Greaser's attention as Sherlock's fingers tighten their grip with enough strength for ten small bruises to form along his hips. They are dangerous marks would anyone see, but at that moment John does not care. He feels marked by Sherlock, owned and taken, and with ownership comes responsibility of love and protection.
