Sherlock, having thrust a sobbing Elzbieta into Anthea's waiting arms, had just returned to the building to retrieve her classmate, when Laurali rounded a corner, and threw herself into his arms.
. He knew he was living on borrowed time, shortening his lifespan to make the years he did have more tolerable, but that hadn't mattered. A little extra time was not worth his peace of mind, and there was no one he cared about leaving broken hearted... except John.
John stepped forward, almost straddling Sherlock in his chair, forcing Sherlock to focus on him. "We should start with a safe word."
Sherlock began slowly, but menacingly, moving towards Mr. Walker, forcing him back until he was pressed against a wall with Sherlock towering over him. "Something is only a threat, Mr. Walker, if there is the slightest possibility that it may not be carried out. " Sherlock leaned forward a few inches more and whispered. "I take it we understand each other now?"
As cross as he was for what John perceived would be a well-meant but ineffectual lecture, John leaned forward and rubbed the small of her back in small, comforting circles. He was still a doctor; he did not leave hurting people alone.
happened on a case, and suddenly it was happening
"No," John assured him. "No, it's nothing like that. Sherlock's still completely silent about his secret case. I don't know anything more about it." John took a deep breath, then stepped forward and placed his hand on James' arm. "James, this is just about me apologizing to you. It was unfair of me to participate in that kiss when I knew your feelings, and my own situation hasn't changed." He squeezed James' arm gently. "I'm not in a good place for any sort of relationship right now. My sister still needs a lot of care, and-I'm just not there, James. I'm sorry."
That thought had bolstered John's mood all the way back to 221B.
James nodded slowly. "I understand," and his tone made John think that he really did understand all of it.
Mary smiled, pleased. "And the flat?"
Their path through the hospital was easy enough. Sherlock must have looked up the blueprints, or something, because his step never wavered. Despite Mr. Mathers supposed accessibility, his office turned out to be quite a ways away, in a completely different wing of the hospital. John had been a bit nervous as they maneuvered out of Accident and Emergency, but they didn't run into Eric, and no one stopped them. After that no one seemed to even notice them. A doctor and a nurse were just part of the normal background of the hospital.
"Hm?" John asked, tilting his head to one side, as he watched his flatmate.
Sherlock recalled seeing her before; she had walked a pack of dogs by Baker Street while he was playing the violin. It had been night, as it was now, and she was hard to see with her black hair and coat. The dogs, however, were easy to spot. Each one wore a brightly colored reflective vest and several had bright flashing lights attached to their collars. She had walked the dogs with practiced ease, mindful to keep them all together and calm. She obviously cared more for the animals than she did herself, the coats told him that. He doubted she had a dog of her own though. She was a secretary by day, the way she'd moved her wrists had given that away, so her dog walking was a secondary employment. She didn't need the money, he could see that then and now by the clothes she wore. They weren't designer, but they weren't cheap either. Walking dogs was not a job one wore one's best clothes to, but it was a job. Seeing her now, likely on a date or running errands with her lover, it was confirmed that these were her casual clothes. Someone hurting for money did not wear clothes like hers casually.
Sherlock stalked to the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea, and review his list of potential experiments,...but there wasn't any tea left...or milk.
"You came." Sherlock turned nodded at Nikki, who had been slowly approaching him from behind for the last two minutes. He hadn't turned because tracking her movements had given him something to focus on, to make sure he wasn't completely losing his touch…and it would have been inconvenient if she ran away…
"Hey," he breathed, smiling up at Marcus. The other man was already immaculately dressed and groomed, his hair slightly damp. He had showered and was ready to face the day. He was sitting on the bed just beside John.
"If we don't get evidence in the next sixty seconds, we might not get it at all," Sherlock clarified. Even if Mr. Werner's lackeys didn't stumble across them, Mr. Werner definitely would, he was just intelligent enough to be concerned.
Sara nodded, changed course, and stepped into the provider's office. "How can I help you?" She asked, sitting on a chair beside him.
Evelyn shook her head emphatically. "No!" Then she blushed at her outburst and added, in a more normal tone, "They did argue occasionally, everyone does, but not like this. Father always spent Saturday nights with us, but the last few months he stopped all of a sudden. Mother knows how demanding Father's business is, and that he needs to spend long hours at work, but she wanted us to be a family still. That's why she always insisted on having him home on Saturday nights."
replace dad, no matter what you do! It's all a mess… Look at what we
"Ha!" Sherlock cried softly, his fingers dancing even faster over the keys.
"He's hallucinating because he has paranoid schizophrenia, not bipolar disorder with psychotic features. He was misdiagnosed."
Disclaimer: None of the characters depicted in this story are real, and I am not trying to disparage any of the actual staff of the Charing Cross Hospital.
The ex-army doctor started with indignation, a protest flying to his lips, then quickly dying. Sherlock was right. Sherlock had been callous, maybe even vicious in their unspoken war of perspective, but he had never outright lied to him. John was prepared to be grateful for that when he realized that Sherlock had used this honesty as his primary weapon. He knew that John was a man of integrity, and any deception would destroy Sherlock's point in John's mind forever. It was a very calculated maneuver.
2.) Sherlock recognized the impression etched into the column of Marcus's throat.
…and John would have approved...
Sherlock cut into a side street, then back into another alley a little ways down, with John right behind him. They stopped to scale an old fire escape and dash across the roof of a long, narrow building. John was ready to go to ground, wait things out on the roof, but Sherlock didn't slow. He dived over the other side of the building and disappeared from sight.
Had he been...?
Greg sighed. "He said that Sherlock had asked you to leave because you were in love with him and, despite the fact that he loved you too, he couldn't handle it." A dark look passed over Greg's features for a moment and he shook his head. "I've pulled that idiot out of some of the worst places imaginable, especially when he was using, but I never thought he'd shoot himself in the foot this badly."
"He's
The floor came up to meet John's knees as his arms wrapped tightly around his middle. It didn't stop the shaking, and it wouldn't protect him from the emotions battering against the walls of his heart...but it was all that was left to him.
"Heard, doctor" one of the orderly confirmed while the other removed the first syringe and reached for a second. The patient's fit had lost some of its force, but not as much as expected. He probably had a high tolerance or an altered metabolism. Sherlock handed the orderly another syringe, reaching behind him with his other hand to pocket one for himself.
"You can't fix this," Sherlock repeated, trying to sound a little more forceful. "Don't try."
John scanned the screen again, she'd shifted to a page that discussed the treatment fees. The Edelweiss Recovery Center required thirty thousand pounds for a six month stay. He smiled warmly at his sister and winked, even as his insides chilled. "That's just to get you on your way and started," he assured her. "I wanted you to be comfortable when you got there."
~*~*~*~
was he supposed to say to that?! He tried to make his mouth work, but it wouldn't cooperate. Meanwhile Mycroft and walked over to stand beside his wife. "Whether we continue to talk or not, it was important for you to know Irene. You two will be frequent rivals, and I'd much prefer that neither of you kills the other."
What really frightened John, was the idea that Harry had meant humanity as a whole. She'd struggled with depression for a long time, and they'd both seen the rough side of life. It galled him that she might be losing hope when, after
"Yeah, that would probably be best, wouldn't it?" John asked with a wry smile. "Give me a minute; I'm not as young as I used to be."
John's weight swiveled on his feet, and he returned to the sofa. Sherlock felt a warm weight press into his side as the good doctor settled on the edge of the couch. "What,
Sherlock shook his head. "I'm sure enough of what it is. You said only a confession would convince you, and this is as close to a written confession as you're going to get."
John licked his lips then, and his gaze darkened. "My point is, Sherlock, that I can do this, bond with you, without ever touching you again, if that's what you want."
James nodded, not pressing any further.
"Clever forgeries," Sherlock insisted, dismissively.
"I did not know my daughter the first time she spoke with me, but she already knew who I was to her. Many people in the Royal Ballet know that my daughter and I have talked on several occasions, even if they do not know that we are related. One night, as I was leaving, she fetched my coat for me. She claims, in her letter, that she collected some hair and some...used tissues I had in the pockets, and ran a DNA test with them. It is not definitively conclusive," he repeated, "for I could argue that she forged the results of the test as well as the letters, but she has enough proof to cast uncomfortable suspicion upon my person. A suspicion I could not lift by having a formal, observed test, for she
want?" he repeated.
Mr. Brenton knit his brows together in confusion. "I-I'm sorry, I don't follow you."
As her hand grasped the folder and made to pull it close, John tightened his grip, his eyes widening. Molly pulled again, and the folder jerked ineffectually between them.
Sherlock stood statue still by the cab, his Belstaff coat billowing ominously in the wind. His lips twisted into a cruel smile as John approached. "Ready?"
10: Displaced
. You know that better than most. It wouldn't be fair; I need to sort some things out for myself first, make sure Harry's settled after treatment..."
John glanced up and smiled. "It's no problem, Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock received the advice rather unexpectedly on one of his recent cases." He pointedly refused to look up to the windows of their apartment; it would only spoil his good mood. He'd barely been able to
Greg stared at the ceiling for a count of three, as though asking for divine intervention.
That only made Sherlock laugh harder, his body shaking with suppressed noise as he gasped for breath. John had to bite the inside of his cheek hard to avoid laughing too. He didn't
A moment of heavy silence stretched out before the other man replied, "I apologize, my men reported he had gotten on the train. I will take care of them."
"Yes, you're welcome." Sherlock paused as Harry's voice broke in again. "No, it's no imposition." His gaze slid to John's and an amused smile finally made itself known as he added, "I've broken your brother of most of his bad habits."
Sherlock gripped both of John's shoulders tightly in his hands and shook him. "You can't stay here, John! It's not safe!"
case, and this is vital evidence. If you insist, of course I will be happy to phone Detective Inspector Lestrade and bring a full investigation team. After, of course I calculate half of your net worth and alimony for your wife."
"When isn't he?" John replied rolling his eyes. They had stopped walking now, and were standing together under a large tree. "He know when I'm texting you, when I'm meeting you, and when I'm so much as thinking about you. It's bloody irritating."
John felt hands on him, pulling his sodden clothes off, and he let it happen. It was the right thing to do for hypothermia, and he was in no position to argue.
Greg looked thoughtful for a moment, then said, "You know, the medical examiner has looked over the scene already, but it wouldn't hurt to have a second opinion. This is quite an unusual case."
out of place. He flipped back, examining the first few pages of the file again. Was this really it? His brows furrowed in frustration. There was nothing here he didn't already
John glanced down at his face and smiled in relief. "Hey," he murmured, his hands continuing their diligent work.
Some foreboding and many feelings.
learn. "You sound like my worthless therapist, Mycroft," John spat, not even turning to face the elder Holmes.
Was he still...?
contained saline. It did not have any stable components that resembled any substance of abuse, despite his repeated tests for trace amounts of hallucinogens. On a whim, and because he could, Sherlock tested his sample against all the classical poisons. It did not resemble Cyanide, Strychnine, Hemlock, Arsenic, Mercury, Oleander, Ricin, or any other toxic substance Sherlock could think to test against. All these negative results, did make one thing irrevocably clear: Whatever the syringe had contained was incredibly complex.
Mary waved off his apology. "Don't feel bad," she insisted. "It's been a long time since I've been admired by a handsome gentleman."
Sherlock's jaw tensed, and there was a sickening snap as he finally wrested himself free from the security guards. John cursed under his breath, hoping he wouldn't be arrested for association.
about to admit he'd been spying on John through the security cameras. He wasn't trying to protect any personal pride, he just didn't want to upset John any more than he already had. Instead he spoke around the truth, a method that was so often effective because people were prone to project their own preconceived interpretations upon what they heard. "I... I became distracted."
Marcus leaned forward until his breath ghosted over John's ear. "Spend the night with me?"
deceiving.
," Sherlock had replied, "
"Sherlock,
The smartest thing for any aspiring criminal to do would be to sell the trade agreement to the highest bidder on the black market, where it could then be used for blackmail. The fact that nothing of the sort appeared to have happened, was exactly what had allowed Sherlock to deduce the document's location.
"Yes," John snapped, almost barked.
They pressed together in a flurry of joyful kisses until the giggling finally abated and they held each other's gazes once more. "I love you," John whispered, his thumb caressing Sherlock's cheek.
John stayed low, pounding footfalls on the stairs finally reaching his ears moments before the door was flung open. The room was poorly lit, but not dim enough to conceal Sherlock and himself. An enraged Mr. Werner spotted them almost immediately and leapt towards them with an angry shout.
"You're safe with me, Sherlock," John murmured, as though reading his thoughts. "I love you."
That would be just like the kind of cases that used to come across their path. In fact, John was surprised they hadn't had a case of a similar nature in all the case's they'd solved together. Then again, if John could think of it, perhaps it wasn't clever enough. Sherlock only ever dealt with the truly odd.
It felt so good to be back to work, real work, as a doctor. He'd only just started at Charing Cross Hospital, but he already liked it very much. Targeting an accident and emergency hospital had been a good idea. It helped him use the skills he had, in a way that fed his own obvious need for an adrenaline rush.
"It's always entertaining to frustrate an idiot," Sherlock replied as Mr. Walker paused to open the door to his office.
Sherlock fidgeted at the news, trying to get around the Detective Inspector with renewed vigor. "He's only going to contaminate the evidence!"
Sherlock glanced up and observed Molly meticulously and furiously laying out Petri dishes. Their eyes met for a moment and her face contorted in disgust. She remained silent.
Sherlock meticulously solicited information about Mr. Wallingford's declining health through his final day, but Evelyn added nothing that he didn't already know. When he had concluded his interview Sherlock stood, held his arm out to her once more, and escorted her back into the family sitting room.
Mr. Werner glowered and lunged again for Sherlock, who darted around a dog crate. Sherlock made sure to stay close enough to keep Mr. Werner's attention on him, grateful that John was staying back with Toby; Lauren's threat had been absolutely serious.
"You're just saying this to sound cryptic and omnipotent, aren't you?" John whispered spitefully. "I really wish you weren't always right; a little humility would be good for you."
John ran a hand over his face and nodded again. "Yeah." His voice was tight and he couldn't quite bring himself to meet James's eyes. He knew the sympathy in James's expression was kindly meant, but it felt suffocating.
pleased. He had known Sherlock long enough, however, not to call him out on it here because, presumably, he had a good reason for it.
"Examine where the doctor noted the state of the baby," Sherlock said softly, unused to having such a willing audience. Usually he had to brow beat (literally and metaphorically) people into seeing reason.
TRIGGER WARNING: Major character death in this chapter. I'm also going to take a moment to note the happy ending tag. There IS a happy ending, there's just a bit of tragedy before we get there...
~*~*~*~
"Right," Sherlock piped in, reaching for his phone. "I'm texting Lestrade now, hopefully he can bring a crew in for cleanup, and route some ambulances this way." Sherlock pocketed his phone just as the man from Mycroft's team knelt by the ventilation system and began examining whatever apparatus William had attached to it. He was pulling delicate looking tools out of his suit jacket while Sherlock ushered Mary and John back towards the hallway.
Lucy nodded and John turned to the computer by the gurney. "What pharmacy do you normally use?"
to be medication.
The ex-army doctor spun rapidly to face Mrs. Hudson. He knew it had been her, he'd recognized her voice, but he still had to bite back disappointment that Sherlock wasn't with her. "Good afternoon, Mrs. Hudson."
Sherlock resettled his arm on his chest, and John's fingers settled on the pulse point, measuring his heart rate. John had the same expression on his face that he had when he was talking about his sister...but of course that shouldn't be surprising. He was a doctor. He liked to fix things. He liked to play God...they weren't so dissimilar in that sense.
Sherlock shrugged ineffectually. "Bored."
." Sherlock spat the word as if it were unclean. "It's painfully obvious that you harbor more than friendly feelings for '
Mr. Brenton sat stiffly looking hesitantly from John to Sherlock. He licked his lips nervously and asked, "Mr. Holmes? I thought this meeting would be confidential."
important though; Sherlock had finally remembered the ring. A ring so thin that it was barely noticeable until it caught the light of the room and reflected it. He had seen it on the dowdy assistant to Ms. Adeline...and he might just have seen it on the hand that tried to smother him in the Dwight case. He couldn't be absolutely certain, but it was a possibility worth exploring, especially since both cases had been less than successful with a strong hint of something he had missed. Why would a syringe be placed in Ms. Adeline's hiding spot? Why would an outside party steal Mr. Dwight's incriminating laptop? It certainly hadn't been Mr. Dwight or his family, they had all been accounted for when the police investigated Sherlock's assault. There was something there...there had to be.
," Sherlock countered in his rumbling baritone.
He counted the compressions in his head, pausing at the appropriate times for the resident beside him to give the patient the recommended two breaths through the CPR mouthpiece and bag. As a younger doctor he had half mumbled the CPR count during training drills, but with experience he learned he was only wasting necessary breath. The force and focus needed to manually attempt to force a patient's heart back into rhythm was a workout and, if he was fortune enough to have assistance, his partner should be counting compressions as well.
One glance informed John that Sherlock's plate was clean, which filled the doctor with a sense of satisfaction. His unruly flatmate/patient was cooperating, for now, anyway.
The priest paused again, and stepped down behind the coffin. He leaned over Mary's body and made the sign of the cross, murmuring, "May the Lord bless you and keep you. May the Lord make his face to shine upon you, and be gracious unto you. May the Lord lift up the light of his countenance upon you, and give you peace, now and ever more. Let there be peace for all. Amen."
Mary jumped up, and as one they rushed for the door. In most locations a group of people running at full speed would draw at least some attention, but not so much in a hospital. Time was always of the essence in a medical situation, and it was often the difference between life and death. People did see them, but they took care not to knock into anyone, and so their presence was speedily dismissed or forgotten.
"That was surprising," Mary said, rising from her seat.
A big thank you goes out to everyone who has left comments, kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story!  I am so thrilled to hear back from readers and to know that this story has had such support.  I hope each of you has enjoyed the journey.
Sherlock found himself tilting his head, opening himself to John, shivering as John's kissing, nipping, and sucking moved to the column of his neck. Sherlock groaned softly when John's tongue pressed firmly into the glands at the base of his neck. He felt the scrape of teeth and his fingers flexed in the fabric of John's shirt, waiting for the bite... But John's lips grew soft again, planting gentle kisses around the glands them moving slowly over Sherlock's Adam's apple to the other side of his neck.
~*~*~*~
John nodded. "You too."
. It was like this new life he'd forged for himself was a sweater that had been through the dryer when it wasn't supposed to. It bunched and pulled in all the wrong places despite his efforts to find comfort in it.
Up until his young adulthood he had railed against the cold distance in professional politics. The thought of showing preference to someone because they were rich or powerful but not because they were useful or valued as a person had seemed like the end of all common decency. He'd been determined to break the barriers and show everyone that he could be genuinely engaging with patients and investors alike, while also being true to himself. He'd offered up his heart freely and it had been ripped from him in a crucible that left him forever changed.
Sherlock glanced down at the papers in his lap then back up at John. "It would appear so."
"Yoo hoo," a chipper, elderly voice called from the landing of the stairs. John turned and managed a smile for Mrs. Hudson, who was just poking her head around the door. "I'm so sorry to interrupt you boys on your business, but I found this at the bottom of the stairs. Did you drop it?" She held out John's cane to him, and he took it, stunned.
Sherlock, however, did not look impressed. "It was useful in exposing the truth of this case, but it has still been their downfall."
Had Sherlock sent someone to tempt or poison his sister? John's jaw clenched tight right along with his hands. Sherlock would certainly never hesitate to do something like that for a case...well...would he? As angry as he was, he had never once witnessed Sherlock lying without trying to close a case, and he was never cruel unless he was trying to solve a case...
There was a pounding of feet on the stairs, then Alex joined them, carrying paper grocery bags in his arms. "Hey! Uncle John! Uncle Sherlock! Great to see you!" He was and had remained a cheerful, energetic person. This had served him well in his career as a professional footballer. "Just let me get these groceries away, and I'll come sit with you."
: An Empty Space
"You're happy, and you know it," John insisted.
Sherlock shrugged, his face carefully impassive. "I imagine we graduated the same year, but I didn't see him much after the truth about the blackmailing came out. My talents were no longer a source of fascination for him Given his elevated respirations, muscle tension, and furtive eye movements the few times we did speak afterwards, I deduced that I, and my deductive reasoning, now represented an unpleasant reminder of his family history."
This exclusion in and of itself wasn't that unusual, Sherlock was often too excited by the prospect of a good case to stop and wait for his blogger to arrive, but that had never stopped Sherlock from dragging John headlong into all of his cases at some point... Or maybe John had only assumed that he was included in all of Sherlock's cases? The idea that he wasn't shouldn't bother him nearly as much as it did.
Sherlock crept to the edge of the roof and scanned for any signs of his pursuers. He watched them disappear into the streets of London. One man and dog went east, the other south. Sherlock smirked and made his was gingerly down the west side of the building, which was thankfully shadowed in another alley. He glanced around as he climbed, making sure he was unobserved.
this," John muttered, fussing with the tie that felt like it was trying to choke him.
For a moment John wondered if he would have similar arguments with Alexander, once they'd properly met. He instantly scolded himself for the thought. As much as ... Alexander was
John was gone and that was the way it should be for John's happiness, but his absence had become much more of a distraction for Sherlock than his presence ever had been. The video feed from Caring Cross was
Jessica mumbled quietly and leaned her head on his shoulder. He leaned forward and kissed her temple, a smile curling at the edge of his lips. "Try to sleep," he whispered. "We'll be there soon." They were together, so no matter how little they had, they had everything.
making a mistake with
"He enjoyed the ballet, he just…" Sherlock's expression darkened with pain when he recalled to moment his eyes had met John's. He'd felt the connection like a physical shock, and the pain on John's face was like a twist of a knife in the heart he'd spent so many years denying he had. Sherlock's entire body had ached with the need to reach out to John, to try to sooth and apologize; he'd started to shake with the denied impulse. Not twenty minutes ago Sherlock had been able to indulge himself, to beg for forgiveness through music as some of the final songs of the ballet were being performed, but Sherlock knew he could not act towards reconciliation. Not now, not ever. It was the one kind thing he could still do for John. Blinking, Sherlock forced himself back to the present moment. "He likely made some assumptions about my presence here. The next time he sees you he'll probably warn you not to trust me as your substitute."
"John," Sherlock moaned again, grasping tightly at his lovers arms, needing to be anchored to something.
"I'll hold you to it," James replied with a warm smile. He reached forward and handed John the small baguette that had come with his soup. "At least take something for the road."
She smiled warmly and murmured, "Goodnight, John," before closing the door behind her. John turned off the fireplace and the rest of the lights before heading to bed himself.
They'd stayed up late talking and watching crap reruns on the telly, laughing at stilted dialogue and over-acting. It was a welcome change of pace from Sherlock's bitter vitriol, picking apart the poorly conceived plots as if they were personally offensive.
John felt his chest clench in sympathy. This person was well and truly
He was wrong.
Mr. McGregor nodded. "It never hurts to be absolutely certain in such cases. Her family is extremely troubled by her passing and have been anxious to assist the authorities in any way they can. When Detective Inspector Lestrade contacted our local police station and explained that Mr. Holmes had taken an interest in the details of this case, we were all quite surprised. I know he has a reputation for working difficult, high-profile cases in London, but this seems very open and shut."
John smiled. "You know, I can't remember the last time I was able to watch the telly without someone shouting abuse at it."
Sherlock relented and held his injured arm out for John to examine. Slowly, John undid the cuffs, and moved the ruined fabric of Sherlock's shirt away from the gash. It was a long gash starting just above the elbow and sloping in a slight curve towards the wrist as it approached Sherlock's hand. It was a good four inches away from any of the veins in the wrist or inner forearm, for which John was grateful. Grasping Sherlock's wrist gently, John held it over the pot of water and lifted up one of the clean towels he'd set aside. "This might sting a bit," he warned.
Sherlock took a shuddering breath as his chest constricted, and hoped Mary would assume the swelling in his nose was obstructing his breathing. "You should go after him."
John bent over his patient, pinching her nose shut, and lifting her chin so that he could begin rescue breathing. He watched her chest rise with his each exhalation, knowing it wasn't quite enough oxygen. When a paramedic came forward John shifted slightly to make room for her, but continued his rescue breathing. the paramedic quickly drew a dose of Nalaxone into a syringe. "Preparing to inject," she announced as she gripped Anna's upper arm tightly. John pulled back and nodded, bracing himself. If this
"Mary's got her," Sherlock assured him. "She made sure Harry was transferred to St. Thomas Hospital, so that she couldn't be used as leverage either."
best her?" the nobleman asked indignant.
to love someone properly. I really think he had himself convinced he never would fall in love. Mycroft said that Sherlock only came to grips with the truth of how he felt after you left, and I think he might be right."
John tapped the pen against his lips for a moment, thinking, before he pressed it's tip to paper once more.
The words 'be happy' were shaky, as though Alexander hadn't been sure whether or not to write them, as if he couldn't help himself. John smiled. He could tell he was dealing with a man who didn't let others in often, and he felt honored that Alexander had opened up to him.
"Is that him?" John asked, and Sherlock nodded quietly. The camera could only show so much of the street, but when Travis stopped and stared, John suspected Marcus wasn't far. Sure enough only moments later Marcus came into view. He was on the opposite side of the street from Travis, walking towards him, his head bent over his phone.
"He knows we were there," Sherlock growled, throwing himself dramatically onto the sofa.
Without heats, or the fear of heat hanging over his head, Sherlock had finally been able to
"Because, however improbably, he has risen above the dregs of intellect that work for him," Sherlock replied with a smirk.
John rolled his eyes, and stifled a yawn behind his hand. He decided not to push the subject…for now.
John nodded as he recalled Mr. Williams' visit. He had burst into their flat at 3:00am the previous night, completely undeterred by Mrs. Hudson's threats to call the police. By the time John had stumbled into the living room, Sherlock had seated Mr. Williams on the sofa against the far wall and was ushering Mrs. Hudson out.
John looked away and was silent. Those thoughts were uncomfortable to dwell on, but they were not unfamiliar to him. It was one of the main reasons he'd been adamant about not dating James or anyone else. His life was too chaotic to manage connecting romantically in a healthy way with another person.
the blissful, dead-to-the-world sleeps he used to enjoy after a closed case…but those were things of the past now.
Food safely tucked away, Alex returned from the kitchen and sat gingerly on the arm of his wife's chair. "I just want things to go as smoothly as possible," he said softly, running his fingers through her hair.
They said their goodbyes to each other, and John watched Nikki walk away, a contented smile on her face. John was glad her prognosis was good, and that she had someone helping her. Her injury could have been career ending if it had been worse, or seriously undermined the work she'd already put in if someone wasn't willing to hold her place.
Sherlock didn't give a damn about the cameras, but he really did want to leave, not lengthen his stay, so he stopped struggling. His cooperation, however, did not deter Lestrade from his line of questioning.
John nodded, thankful for the other man's patience and kindness. When everything was all said and done... he'd consider it. He still had Harry to think about, after all. Reaching forward, he set his mug down on the coffee table. The gesture upset his jacket, which he'd hung over the corner of the sofa, causing the pictures his sister had sent him to spill from the envelope of her letter, and onto the floor. John scrambled to pick them up.
There were very, very few people Sherlock allowed himself to get close to, and even then only to a point. It wasn't about avoiding liabilities on a professional level, but on a personal one. Moriarty had known who Sherlock had really cared about, and had threatened them all. It would be an easy thing for any advisory to figure out. No, it was Sherlock's own lack of comfort being vulnerable, of allowing someone to affect him past a certain point. John, in his own unassuming way, had slipped right into Sherlock's heart anyway,
There were some hesitation marks before the next paragraph, as though Harry had fought with herself for a long time about what to write next.
"Thank you for keeping
One of John's hands slid slowly up Sherlock's arm, leaving goosebumps in its wake. When it reached Sherlock's shoulder it slid over to his chin, gently lifting it. "Do you trust me, Sherlock?"
John feigned innocence. "What expression?"
more important than cases. It was a terrifying, but undisputable fact, and that fact alone stilled his hand.
The world's only consulting detective arched a sardonic eyebrow, but the good doctor knew he
"She's in her seventh rehab center. She's had her ups and downs, that's to be expected. I just...I really want her to be okay this time, but I don't want her to feel that kind of pressure."
with Mycroft. The elder Holmes brother had become quite the pest over the years. A month after Sherlock had fallen, they'd had an outrageous row; John had threatened to shoot Mycroft-and he would have too-if that sneaky bastard removed so much as a single article of Sherlock's clothing. It was a petty and unnecessary row. It would've made Sherlock proud.
: Faith
"And?" John prompted, leaning against Sherlock, sensing that he had not told everything."
The door to 221 B was wide open. John braced himself on the doorframe to stop his forward motion, and gaped at the scene before him. Sherlock Holmes stood lazily erect, draped in his pajamas and robe. He was shooting the
Oh. Was that all? ...That was underwhelming. "Probably to make it look like you did the autopsy. No one's really supposed to know about Mycroft's agents," John muttered, his eyes fixed to the tile floor beneath his feet. Did this 'revelation' mean anything other than that? Not likely. He mentally kicked himself for getting so excited over a simple cover story. When had he taken to grasping at straws? Sherlock had always admonished him to make the theory fit the facts, and not the other way around.
The world's only consulting detective blinked owlishly at him. "So?"
The man who had greeted him, Fredrick if his name tag was to be believed, looked down at his computer for a moment, clicking and typing for a few moments, before his face darkened.
"Where are they running off to?" Mr. Werner asked, walking up to Lestrade.
The chemical formula of love
"I'm sure you're much better at it," Sherlock replied calmly.
. They needed an ambulance, maybe a chopper to get them out of this hole, and they needed it
Laurali struggled to control her breathing and frantically shook her head. "There's no time for that. Get me to the bedroom."
What on earth did she have to be sorry for? She was a good fit for John, even though they were not yet dating. She had some Special Forces experience, that much was obvious from the way she walked and looked about the room. But she was retired now, likely because of the death of her husband. She still wore her wedding ring, but her grief was etched on her face. Yes she was a good match for John in many respects. Now that he'd seen her, Sherlock knew he wouldn't be able to resist a background check, but he doubted there was really anything to be concerned about.
"Relax," Sherlock instructed, "You can take it."
"Good enough that she didn't need any help hacking the network for Charing Cross."
John bristled at Sherlock's utter lack of compassion, but he reigned in his temper. If this Anna was really in trouble, then the only way Mr. Miller might ever see her again was through Sherlock's efforts. He
Mary blinked back at him and instead of tensing, as he had expected, she seemed to relax. Her gaze caught his and searched it, gently. "Why?"
Sherlock stepped closer then, invading John's space, just as he had done in the labs at St. Bart's. He cocked an eyebrow at the furious little man in front of him. "Prove it. Be my blogger."
"That's not a bad trait," John replied. "In fact I think it's a very good one." They shared a smile and a few moments of silence before John stood. Mary stood with him."
Miss. Williams gently brushed soot and grit off of the plastic, fingers questing for an opening. "It doesn't look like you've opened it," She remarked, looking up as she fingered the plastic seal.
Mr. Werner's hands closed around Sherlock's neck from behind, John shouted, and Sherlock was just maneuvering to break the hold when Lestrade barreled into the room with his team behind him.
"Are you reprimanding me?" John asked, turning to face Eric more directly.
She smiled then, for the first time and murmured, "221 B Baker Street. Where else?"
John's sniffing stopped momentarily, and Sherlock's stomach dropped as he heard John turning around to face him. Sherlock closed his eyes as he felt John approach, still unwilling to face the situation before him.
"I won't come back," John insisted, his own voice hardening with absolutely finality. He was willing to put himself out there, to lay himself open, knowing that rejection was a possibility, but he wouldn't do this again. Not with Sherlock. Not after such an abrupt and thoughtless dismissal after all the years they'd spent together.
"My hands are tied, Sherlock," Lestrade said, lifting his arms in a partial shrug. "I'll go out on a limb for you if I can, I've done so before, but I will
The ex-army doctor gave himself a mental shake and nodded. "Yes, sorry." He made his feet follow Frederick while his mind whirled with thoughts of the world's only consulting detective. Mycroft's words for their first...meeting flashed through his mind.
Sherlock shivered and shook his head. "No, not about the physical part, but I am determined to try."
Sherlock tilted his head with a grim smile. "Trifles are rarely trifles in my line of work."
~*~*~*~
James' smile crinkled the edge of his eyes as he took one of the small brown bags that John was offering. "That was sweet of you; you didn't have to get lunch for me too."
~*~*~*~
I would like to offer my sincere thanks to anyone who has commented on, left kudos, subscribed to and/or bookmarked my story; it makes my day to know someone is enjoying what I've written. I hope you enjoy this next installment!
It was the last thing John was aware of before the darkness took him.
The first shift staff were coming on now, and the hallways were crowded with arriving staff and staff heading home. As he closed the distance between himself and the examination area that was missing a sharps container, John caught sight of Eric speaking with some of the oncoming staff, alerting them to need to know items that would carry over from the night shift. Reflexively John smiled and lifted his free hand to wave. Eric waved back and called out, "You're heading home, right?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock leaned forward and plucked it from its station amongst the fire pokers. He turned it over in his hands. That was a good case, all of it. Securing John as a flatmate when he was needed, the rash of suicides, the cabbie, the chase through London, the bullet he never expected. His long fingers clenched around the hard metal of the cane as he remembered John's expression when he turned back from Angelo to stare at him, amazed. John had always been amazed, enamored, and loyal in a way Sherlock never expected. Perhaps that was why they'd gone on so long together...
"It doesn't," Sherlock assured him, still not looking at him.
"Morning." It was spoken softly, and with a small amount of affection.
" Lestrade had started to say, but Sherlock closed the door in his face.
"Are you okay?" Harry asked, her hand half outstretched, as though she would place it on Eva's shoulder. If she wasn't in treatment she might have completed the gesture, but Edelweiss Recovery Center was, in general, a no touch facility, especially between staff and patients. It was meant as a protective policy, some bottom line boundaries to protect those who may not have yet found their voice to say things like, "I have PTSD" or "I just don't like being touched." It made sense, and Harry respected it, but at the moment she was more shocked to find Eva in such a state. Eva was one of the calmest, most soft spoken, most conscientious, and most put together counselors in the facility. Not that there was anything wrong with huddling on the floor if you needed to, Eva was just... it wasn't something she had ever pictured Eva doing.
"But if you do stop you'll have to deal with heats again, as well as being an unbonded omega," John replied. His tone was soft, even though his muscles were still tense, his instincts driving him to destroy a threat that wasn't palpable.
Mary had her purse in her lap and was fishing around inside it. "I didn't come to talk, I came to apply makeup to you."
"You're the first person that came to mind when I heard how many trauma cases were being routed to us. You don't blink under pressure."
John's heart skipped a beat. Free? Sherlock would free him if he was wrong? No more beastly flatmate? No more 3:00am wake up calls? No more running pell-mell all over London chasing dubious characters? Really? ...That should be good news... He should feel relived, not uneasy... and certainly not disappointed...
Marcus's fingers were stroking over the flesh of John's hand now, and a small smirk was tugging at the edge of his lips. "Not always, I'm adamant about consent, but the chase has its own thrills."
Sherlock smiled and resisted the urge to shake his head at John's thoughtfulness, knowing it was fueled by a desire to put him at ease. "Go on, then," he drawled, pushing up to claim John's mouth for another kiss. John leaned into the kiss, sweeping his tongue possessively into Sherlock's mouth, drawing out a small moan.
~*~*~*~
"You did," Mary confirmed. "Do you want to go say hello? That might be the person she mentioned."
…," Her voice quavered slightly, and all three men were on their feet in an instant.
A voice broke through the darkness. "I've got him, really. We'll be fine."
As soon as the words 'I'm sorry,' were out of his mouth Janet burst into tears, sobbing loudly into her father's shoulder. Mr. Morris was quiet, but his face crumpled and his eyes filled with tears as well. John guided them both back to their seats and spoke softly with them for a few minutes. He explained that the exact cause of Mrs. Morris's cardiac arrest was unknown, but listed the most likely culprits.
John blinked and shook his head. Of course there were many other medical supplies and instruments neatly lined up along the wall and in drawers. He was allowing his imagination to get the better of him. He turned to go, intending to head towards the break room, when the memory of Emily's pupils flashed before his eyes. They had been reactive. She had been alive…and then she had died. It happened, far more often with overdose victims than people like to talk about. He should leave. Mary was waiting. He should call her.
Several minutes later, John took a long pull from a steaming mug, and allowed himself to tear off the seal to the envelope. As he pulled out the folded pages, John had a moment to consider all of the different places in the flat where he had read Alexander's letters. Sometimes by his desk, sometimes in his chair, and once on the couch. It was unusual for such a creature of habit, for that was what John was outside of the danger in his life. Perhaps that's how he managed it so well; enjoyed it so much. Lack of adequate peril in his life without Sherlock may be yet one more thing that made Alexander's letters so appealing.
The sharp trill of John's text alert shattered their peaceful interlude. John sighed and picked up his phone.
John slipped one hand between them as he moved, pumping Sherlock's slicked member with his hand, watching in awe as Sherlock fell apart beneath him. John dipped his head to press a kiss to Sherlock's lips, his cheek, his forehead, his neck, finally gasping against his mouth as he pushed into him in earnest.
…It was a shame. Sherlock was a friend, and yet, could their friendship really survive the end of their arrangement? Sherlock Holmes didn't really
When his hands had freed the last button and loosened Marcus's tie, John slid his lips over his jaw, kissing and nibbling lightly at the skin until he reached the curve of Marcus's neck; then John began to suck in earnest. Marcus tipped his head back, bearing more of his throat to John, with a gasp of, "Yes," followed by a breathy laugh when John began tugging at Marcus's shirt and suit jacket at once. "You're feisty."
John smiled then, and bent over the paper to finish his letter.
"I paused on the stairs and held my breath; certain that someone had forgotten to lock the door, and we were about to be robbed. I was just about to creep back upstairs and phone the police when I saw Camilla walking down the hall. Her hair was loose and falling over her shoulders, and she was in her nightgown. As she passed the stairs I saw dark stains on her hands and face. The whole time she was walking past she never blinked or looked around, just continued forward with her arms still at her sides.
John pulled his gaze away from the article once more and stared at his flatmate in confusion. "So... what? Are you offended by their vague statistics?"
Footfalls on the stairs snapped Sherlock to attention, and his heart started to pound in his chest. He stood and moved to the edge of the room, watching the front door. Their front door was usually open, but Sherlock had closed it early this morning when his suspicions had been confirmed. Suppressants needed to be taken once a day, every day, for maximum effect, but he hadn't taken his dose today, and he knew the room was starting to smell of unclaimed omega. It was one kind of terrifying for John to discover his secret, he was not about to advertise to the world at large.
Sherlock's gaze flickered to the ring. "And now?"
Settling into his chair, John placed his mug on the table beside him and studied the letter in his hands. It was even more banged up than last time. Creases and wrinkles marred every inch of space. As John tore open the flap to retrieve the letter, he noticed a troublesome brown smudge. His stomach gave an ominous twist. It did not look as though things had improved for Alexander...not at all.
Sherlock was shaking violently now, his head was pounding, and every movement threatened to wrack his body with dry heaves. Slowly, painfully, he edged his way over to his chair. With a monumental effort he manage to climb up, and huddle into a miserable ball on the seat. He was sweating now, even though the room felt as cold to him as a walk in freezer. He clutched desperately onto the arm of the chair, hoping he could manage to stay off the floor until his tremors subsided...
, was it? And apparently, even if it wasn't, the situation would be utterly beyond his comprehension...His jaw was clamped shut so tightly his whole head was starting to ache.
Greg shrugged. "There really isn't much to know, it's like you're both pretending the other one of you doesn't exist. I know you're not living or working together anymore, but that's about it."
Sherlock sniffed indifferently and stole off to the kitchen with the nightgown in hand. John watched him go before turning a sympathetic gaze on Mr. Brenton. "He's just gone to analyze the material and the stains. Would you like me to fetch you some tea while we wait?"
John nodded. "That's correct. I'm used to being flexible with my schedule." He had been used to that before Sherlock, but now it was second nature.
"And I'm not your girlfriend, but people will always think what they want to think," Mary replied.
he'd lost.
Sherlock's eyes locked with Mary's, and he was surprised by what he read there. She was behind John, clearly showing her allegiance, but her eyes were sad, a sadness directed towards
John nodded, pulled on his jacket, and with a wave to his gracious host, he was gone.
"That, Mr. Volkov, depends upon what you have to tell
have happened, what might
deduce, it was who he was. Doing anything else would have been a fruitless exercise… He
"You're welcome, dearie," Mrs. Hudson replied, turning back towards the door, with a wink. "I'll let you get back to your afternoon."
A kiss at his cheek startled him and he shifted his gaze back to John. "This isn't a case, Sherlock," John murmured, pressing small kisses around his face and neck. "Do you have any outright objections?"
Mary offered him a tight lipped, conspiratorial smile. "I'll talk to him. He's already working at Charing Cross, so it would be easiest for him to keep an eye out, while we start looking for suspects that match the profile." Sherlock nodded slowly, fighting back a wince as he did so. "I have some time off saved up at the surgery; I'll be back tomorrow so we can get to work."
Mrs. Hudson shook her head disapprovingly. "Sherlock, this is one place your stubbornness won't help you, I'm afraid."
the back garden were inhospitable territory.
"Yes doctor," The orderlies chorused as Sherlock backed out of the room, nodding to the guards as he went. Deft fingers relived the second guard of his keys. The master key was easy to deduce, it was too common a practice for large buildings like this to have multiple locks respond to the same key. It saved on space and confusion, and reduced actual security at the same time.
have hacked William's computer, but Mary
"I presume the family is here?"
was entertaining that brilliant mind enough for its host to be civil.
Sherlock stood also, holding out a long white doctor's coat towards John. "I got it from your locker, we'll draw less attention this way."
Blinking, Sherlock forced himself to focus on John. He was here for a case. He was here reluctantly, but he was
John nodded, reading between the lines.
John sputtered an irrepressible laugh. "That's all true, I'm afraid," he said, trying to collect himself. "He's made Detective Inspector Lestrade chase him all over London before. His idea of calling for police backup is to trigger silent alarms during a search for evidence." John shrugged. "Well, that or pick pocketing police identification so that they'll come after him."
"You want to fix him," James insisted.
"I just want to see what made you smile," John coaxed, gesturing for her to point it out. Harry had returned from hospital yesterday, and John had been able to share the good news. She had the pick of any treatment center she wanted to go to.
"Morphine," Molly said, holding out an empty bottle in a clear plastic bag, with the Narcan label still clearly visible. "Strong, hospital grade morphine."
John scoffed, and looked away. "You're both out of your minds. That is
Sherlock nodded towards the packet still resting in her hands. "See for yourself, Miss. Williams."
to go?" Laurali pouted as she shifted onto the ambulance gurney. "You said that Bryan's healthy, and all that."
"Don't know. I will soon enough, but the bathroom provided me with a more interesting line of inquiry that will yield results much more quickly."
Sherlock had not been lying to himself when he'd acknowledged that he loved John. He loved him with a desperation and intensity that frightened him. For the first time ever his work was
going to pursue John. Objectively, John's best chance of happiness was away from Sherlock.
John stretched his arms wide and yawned, tipping his head over his right shoulder towards the stairs and the sound of music. Sherlock was practicing a sweet sounding waltz. A smile edged its way onto John's lips and he reached for one of his crutches. He was finally out of the clumsy medical boot, but his ankle was still tender. He used the crutches more for balance up and down the stairs, then for anything else. John suspected that in two more weeks he would be back to his old self.
James nodded slowly as he listened. "And that was probably pretty triggering, considering what you've been through with your sister."
John took a deep, measured breath and reached for her letter, which lay, slightly crumpled on the dresser. He'd found it on the coffee table the night he'd returned to the flat. He hadn't wanted to come back, he hadn't been able to stay in 221 B at all after Sherlock's fall, but at the same time he
John could want and imagine until the ache of it literally drained the strength from his heart, but no force on earth had ever brought someone back from the dead... not unless you believed in legends...or fairytales...
Harry sucked in a ragged breath. Her lungs burned deep in her chest and her head throbbed, but she would finish her story.
Beside him Lestrade chuckled softly and shook his head. "I don't know where he found you, John, but I think you might be good for him."
"John!" Mary admonished again, but no one paid her any attention. John was too angry, or at least he was trying to be. Other emotions kept trying to edge in and the only way he could keep them at bay was to focus on his anger and fuel it. Sherlock saw John's inner battle, and did nothing to influence it. John had every right to be angry. Whatever his own feeling were...he had no right to attempt reconciliation. He had done everything he could to stay away from John because he hadn't trusted himself. Even now, he should throw John out and work the case without him, leave John to foster a deeper relationship with Mary, who had a very good chance of making John happy. But he couldn't. John was here, and Sherlock knew he was damned because he couldn't make John leave; it was everything he could do to fight his impulses to sooth John. Now that the dam had broken, he couldn't force his feelings back. They surged in his mind, one impulse warring with another. Sooth John. Can't, it would only hurt him more. Protect John, keep your distance. He needed to focus on the case.
John snorted derisively. "No wonder; who cares about the two hundred and forty types of tobacco ash."
"Can't you see you're missing the obvious!" Sherlock insisted.
"This is going to be a hard sell as a search warrant, Sherlock," Lestrade replied, his voice low and angry. "Those were legitimately rented apartments for a long time."
He closed his eyes and rested his head against the back of his chair, his cheek sinking into the soft fabric. It had been days since he'd slept properly as well, but it wasn't fatigue that made him so weary.
," John had insisted, "
Carefully smoothing out the pages of the letter, John noticed more brown smudges, and he started to worry his bottom lip between his teeth. Alexander's elegant scrawl spread out before him once more; neat, but hurried.
Sherlock had been fine, of course.  When wasn't he?
"I don't know! It sounds like she misinterprets the looks she gets or what people say to her. I'm not saying that being a new doctor on staff can't be difficult, but I think she's inventing these insults in her head. Just today, I overheard she was insisting that Dr. Delany was the only mature person on staff! I don't think she'll last a month at this rate."
"If it was rabid, maybe, and had the slightest inclination to chase us," John replied, thoroughly amused by the memory. "The case of the Three Shot Derringer, which I'm going to write up next, is a better example of dangerous." James perked up in interest, but John, who still felt the effects of sleep deprivation from said case, wasn't up to relating the tale just yet.
John pulled back when a nurse called, "Clear!" and lowered the shock paddles into place. His patient's body bowed with the intensity of the shock. Everyone in the room held their breath for a moment…but no steady heartbeat materialized. John resumed compressions and ordered more epinephrine and other medications. The patient, Jane Morris, had been recovering from a hip replacement surgery. She was seventy three, but in good health. It was an extensive surgery however, and there was always the risk of complications.
John bit back a flurry of chuckles. "Don't I know it." As John was leaving, Greg finally made an appearance, with Alex in toe.
John had been so braced for the long haul, in fact, that he hadn't properly understood at first when he'd received a call from Charing Cross Hospital to schedule an interview less than a week later. He intended to take Mary up on her offer, but he wanted to get this interview out of the way first. Mary, true to her word, hadn't pressured him, or even asked. She'd simply shared lunch with him and helped him prepare some interview questions to practice.
Sherlock, who'd just finished wiping his soot covered hands on his trousers, flopped lazily into his chair by the fireplace. "I
John hated that he found Sherlock's intellect so appealing. If only he wasn't always such a beast...
be just like him to try to throw in some smug and subtle reminder of why love was nothing but a disappointment waiting to happen. He was glowering at Sherlock's shoes when he found them stopping short.
Mary smiled and shook her head. "Not to cover it, but to make it look natural requires some talent. Having something obviously covered would only raise more questions. It will really only take me a minute; I don't mind."
John remember the night Niki had been brought into Accident and Emergency along with her father. She was the worse off of the two of them; her fractures were severe and had almost been compound. John had talked quietly with her while he examined her, as he would with any patient, to help distract her from the pain. She'd been pale and shaking and he'd worried about her going into shock.
John shook his head, his expression growing serious. "No, he was just excited to tell me whatever he was up to. He liked being the center of attention."
Mycroft's answering smile bordered on a smirk. "Yes, Dr. Holmes."
Susan's injuries both healed and healing flashed through his mind palace, and Sherlock wondered if, on a moral level, he was all that different from Dan, the man who had beaten his lover for so long. Sherlock had never struck John physically, but emotional and mental pain lasted longer, and festered more easily.
Mary almost grinned at him over her wine glass. "And the police were too familiar with him to respond to gunshots at 221B?"
time something came up, and as we've already established you can't afford the rat hole you're living in."
After a short moment she licked her lips, just as John was in the habit of doing when he was thinking. Then, she spoke. "I didn't really
John let out a long sigh. Apparently, it didn't matter that he was exhausted from packing up, and helping his sister make arrangements, or that he still had all his unpacking to do! No one would make this place more habitable except himself. He squared his shoulders and marched towards the steps. The only way to start on a project this massive, was one
James nodded. "I know, but I don't mind. I would need to go near 221 B to get home from this direction, so it's not really out of my way." James paused for a moment then leaned a bit closer and murmured, "I like being your friend, John. You're not a burden."
with something he would never be rid of. Somehow, though Lord knew how, they'd become friends. John didn't have many friends, and he was loath to lose any of them. The world had too many ways to hurt, and John was sick to death with all of the people he cared about having some...lifelong condition
going to die on me!" John insisted. "I love you, you idiot!" He paled then, as the sound of his own words rang in his ears, every word irrevocably true.
Mycroft groaned, and fumbled for his cell phone as he heard the doors slamming behind John.
John smiled a knowing smile to himself. Of course he knew. He had carefully removed the battery himself, the day after Sherlock fallen. His watch was frozen reading the hour and the minute that changed John's life forever.
Sherlock's expressed sobered, and he took his husband's hand in his. "John, relax. I promised after the last case that I wouldn't go in the field again, I was talking about armchair consultation, and only for the cases above an eight." There were one or two cases that Sherlock had come out of retirement for. One was a very typical case, but the other… He'd been two inches from being shot to death by a German spy. After that John had made it very clear that he would be damned if Sherlock would take any more unnecessary risks. Being a doctor, he knew they would both die someday, but John was not about to let their penchant for danger hasten that date; especially not when they'd survived Moriarty, Millerton, Walker, and all the others.
John's expression darkened with emotion, but he didn't waiver. "I want
"I'd like to place you both in protective custody," Greg assured her, "but I need to go through the proper channels."
John fell to his knees and captured Sherlock's lips in a rough, possessive kiss. Sherlock moaned and opened to him, welcoming the invasion of John's tongue with his own.
"High tech security systems and mysterious shipping schedules form a dubious picture, but the camera hidden in the
Although she had stopped calling him 'Johnny', her voice was even more that of a little girl. The wounded little girl who hadn't had the kind of love and support she'd desperately needed; the kind of parents who would do
The alley grew silent for a long moment, then there was the sound of fabric being tossed about.
"No..."
John had poured over Mary's words every night since her death, and he felt no closer to an answer about Sherlock, or about the rest of his life, but in that moment, he needed Sherlock there, and Sherlock stayed.
"Can your liver tolerate some medicine?"
Greg nodded, his expression equally grim. "Go then, they need you. It's a good thing we never got around to ordering drinks."
John smiled and put his water down, having just finished drinking from it. "
John nodded and smiled reflexively. "I'm very happy there. There's always something new happening, it's challenging and rewarding, and I have the opportunity to help mentor the residents."
in Sherlock's face… John knew Sherlock was a consummate actor, but this felt different, like it might be real…and then it had been too much
When they came to the corner where they usually parted ways Sherlock called his goodnight out to Nikki without pausing to turn his head or look at her. Her life experience had made Nikki very astute at observing the emotions of others, and Sherlock knew she would suspect his tears even if she never actually saw them…
"Damn," John cursed under his breath, reached up, and pulled hard on the emergency brake before he could give himself too much time to think about what he was doing. The train lurched, sending baggage and people tumbling. It didn't look like there was any injuries though, it would have been worse if the train had made it up to full speed.
"No," Sherlock replied softly, staring fixedly at the carpet.
Ms. Adaline would evacuate as well, but only
John didn't dignify Mycroft with a reply. Yes, Sherlock was still a big part of his life. One could even argue that Sherlock was a somewhat consuming part of his life, but no more so than when he had been alive.
: Worth the Risk
Only one chapter left after this one!  I hope you enjoy this next installment!  ^_^
"Drink."
"You do what you need to do, and keep me posted," Mary instructed, sounding less concerned now, and more focused. "I'll have breakfast waiting for you when you get home."
Sherlock's eyebrows lifted. Finally, something with some promise. He read on.
Sherlock studied the nobleman in silence for a long moment. He stood fluidly, adjusted his suit, and moved to stand beside their guest. His voice was quite and serious as he spoke. "I should have some results for you in a week's time."
~*~*~*~
"I'm here to see my sister," John swallowed before he managed to finish, "...Harriet Watson."
A very important and
Molly's eyes widened and she blushed a brilliant scarlet. "I turned that over to evidence!" She insisted. "I
. John wasn't sure any other place he might live
John's eyebrows rose to his hairline. "Don't let her catch you talking like this, then."
Testing this unknown substance became Sherlock's go-to experiment for the next several months. With some persistence, he was able to isolate key components who's effects could, in theory, be devastating. It was interesting, but not terribly concerning. Sherlock knew no instance of a single case of poisoning which took so long to act, not without repeated exposure. Even then, any symptoms he developed would be telling. If poisons were laced into what little he did eat or drink, he would know almost instantly, and administer a counteragent.
are you eating dirt?" he hissed once he was out of Mr. Brenton's hearing.
John nodded his thanks. "As tempting as that offer has become, it would only make Sherlock more insufferable. He's already insinuating they we're a couple."
John had found his calm in the chaos, somehow; content to surrender to what he could not control. It wasn't that he'd ever given up fighting for a better way, more that he found strength and order in what he could manipulate in the midst of chaos. Uncertainty did not mean he was powerless. Since adopting this mindset, he'd found that he spent less time fighting useless battles. This unexpected marriage of chaos and order inside his mind had, naturally, lead him to pursue the contraindicated position of an army doctor. War and peace. Life and death.
"S-she's l-listed as the patient recovering in r-room 114," Frederick stuttered, gesturing to the computer.
"No, Sherlock," John insisted. "We are
The text continued on with other flight details, but John was too stunned to absorb them. Today. He had, somehow, gotten a flight leaving today, in two hours.
John smiled at the sentiment. As much as she protested that she was "not a housekeeper" Mrs. Hudson seemed to make a point of trying to take care of Sherlock and himself. It was little wonder that Sherlock cared about her, despite all his protests. One did not throw a burglar out a two story window , after beating them senseless, for someone who was not important.
"He's going to contaminate the evidence, Sherlock," John insisted reasonably.
James smiled as he chewed. Once he had swallowed, he said, "That's a very admirable trait, looking after your family."
John agreed and turned to go, wondering if he should head back to 221 B, or take James up on his offer to serve as a port in the storm that had become his life.
garden," Sherlock gushed, looking casually around. "Beautiful roses." He gently held a small yellow bud in his hand, caressing the petals. "My landlady had tried for
They stayed locked together, pressed against a side window display before Sherlock abruptly pulled them back out into the street and raised his arm for a cab. John grimaced in mild irritation when a cab materialized on the curb not an instant later. He couldn't decide if it was Sherlock's magnetic presence, or if he had some sort of deal with London's cab service... Maybe this instant service was a form of gratitude as a result of some past case Sherlock had solved for them...?
"Bed! Now!" Laurali insisted hunching forward as a contraction shook her lithe frame.
It was a struggle to gain ground on the dogs behind him without appearing to run. They were four streets back now, and they were gaining. This spider he was after could be deathly subtle, but everything he did seemed to have an air of grandeur, and arrogance. Drama queen.
Sherlock opened the file reflexively, eagerly, and before he could think better of it. His chest tightened when John's picture loaded on the screen, along with the rest of his employee file. For several long minutes Sherlock could do nothing but stare at the picture and deduce.
John was in the break room, scrolling through some potential openings on his phone, it didn't feel right to use the surgery's computers, when one of the health care assistants tapped him on the shoulder.
Sherlock's eyes slid over to the wreck of a piano. They burned and itched, but he did not cry. Fine. If this was the way things were going to be…fine. He stood, flinching against the pounding pressure in his skull. It hurt, but he was not concussed. He might need stitches…but he could do that himself. Pressing his hand to his head to staunch the bleeding, Sherlock shuffled out of the room.
There were pounding feet on the stairs once more as paramedics
John smiled ruefully. "All the same, I don't want to give her any ideas. I could do with something simple for a change."
He should have called her, but he hadn't. He should have called Molly, or Greg, but he hadn't done that either. He'd wrestled with a mountain of doubt and indecision until his feet had finally carried him home.
The tall man with graying hair turned slowly, his wife's hand still clasped in his own, and nodded. "Da. Your reputation does you credit, Mr. Holmes."
should be."
John gently, but insistently, peppered Sherlock's face with kisses. "Git. Idiot. Tosser. I am so fucking cross with you right now."
Sherlock's voice was still hushed, but the urgency in his tone and posture brought John up short. He'd almost never seen Sherlock so beside himself. He looked genuinely panicked.
John and Mary made their way quickly through the streets of London, zeroing in on 221 B Baker Street. John didn't stop, didn't slow, and didn't hesitate. He wasn't going to give this encounter any more meaning than it deserved.
~*~*~*~
John smiled, happy to see another letter. It had, once again, been three weeks since his last letter. John wondered if that would be the regular interval for these letters? "Thank you for waiting," John said as he crested the stairs, "Just let me set these on the table, and I can take that from you."
John was completely in Mycroft's personal space now, staring him down. "You can't break me or buy me Mycroft. You never could."
John's last word wasn't so much a question as it was an order. Fredrick gave a little squeak before nodding and shuffling quickly out the door. John followed, eyes narrowed. He knew that Frederick may just be buying time until he could call security, but John could charm almost as well as he could menace, and at the moment he was prepared to employ any tactic at his disposal to locate his suddenly missing sister.
losing a case, and, John quietly suspected he was also galled by the idea of the young woman they had just met falling prey to the menace that was Charles McAndrew.
The taller man nodded in understanding. "I should have announced my presence sooner. My apologies. Is Mr. Holmes in?" He had a subtle, earthy accent that John guessed he was trying very hard to disguise.
he comes home," Mycroft replied, and it was John's turn to glower.
Sherlock's eye twitched slightly, but he did lean forward and accept the proffered food. John grinned shamelessly, quite pleased with himself.
John's lips parted in a pained grimace. Everything in him revolted at the idea of a confession, when his last confession had resulted in so much pain, but Mary had been true to her word, and had never once seemed to judge or pressure him. At length he replied, "Love isn't always enough, Mary."
Sherlock nodded. "Good call." He turned his gaze to the door and the guards unlocked it for him. "Thank you for your help, gentlemen," Sherlock murmured as he slipped inside the patients room. The overhead lights were off, but he didn't attempt to turn them on. He could see the gaunt patient crouched on the cot pressed into the far right wall clearly enough, and if the orderlies ended up rushing in here to subdue the patient the dim light would add to their confusion and buy Sherlock more time to act.
"Can you set the table?" Mary asked, eyes still fixated on the sauce in front of her.
~*~*~*~
"No, this is unusual. Maybe it's been building over time, I don't know. Typically he just whines about wanting cigarettes and his gun." James raised a surprised eyebrow and John elaborated, "He used to be into drugs, and he
want to explain this case, Sherlock?"
John's expression hardened. "That wasn't part of our agreement," he snapped.
use the fireplace as a starting point for the fire," John murmured, beginning to catch on. "They ruled it was faulty wiring, didn't they?
Sherlock had made a non-committal noise and John moved to walk past him to the sink. As he did, John's hand had deliberately brushed Sherlock's shoulder. There was no purpose for it other than to express affection. Sherlock had turned and caught John sending another of those infuriatingly affectionate smiles his way. Sherlock had known from that moment that John's...
"So, I'm a doctor, Sherlock, and I don't want to see anyone needlessly hurt."
"Boring?" John offered, a condescending look on his face.
"I know you have it."
There was a lengthy pause before the woman on the other end of the line replied. "Is Laurali Holmes related to you in some way?"
Mary smiled and replied, "Exactly."
"It seems like you have several strong leads to investigate," John said, glowering briefly at Sherlock, though he didn't believe it would actually do any good. "Why did you call Sherlock in if things seem so simple."
John forced his hands to unclench and took several deep, measured breaths. Sherlock was not worth it. If lives weren't at stake, John wouldn't have ever spoken to him again. Right now he had to focus, one step at a time. He needed to turn in his letter of immediate resignation to Charing Cross, then he needed to return to Mary. As much as this resignation frustrated him, it would likely give Sherlock the data he needed to narrow down suspects.
~*~*~*~
She lifted her hand and her fingers caressed his cheek as she whispered sadly, "No…but it
"No, we're barrowing a dog," Sherlock clarified, stepping out of the cab, and walking towards the front door. "Toby's the best at what he does. It's a pity he was never bred, Lestrade's canine unit may hope to come up to par if they had his genetics."
The ex-army doctor made his way to his seat and settled in, staring at the reflections of the passengers around him in the mirror while trying to look absorbed in the scenery. At least the dark aired man was gone, if he was ever really a threat to begin with.
Anyway, many thanks to everyone who has left comments on, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to this story!  Your support makes my day.  ^_^  No case in this chapter, but  I hope you enjoy!
As he rounded the corner and started down the hall John corrected himself: it was
Marcus turned to grin at him for a moment. "You wouldn't have. They're upscale and very discreet. I have a standing account with them for nights like tonight."
, when so many others were not.
Blond eyebrows crinkled together doubtfully. "How-"
"Sounds good. Where would you like to go?" John asked.
John smoothed the letter down with a smile. Lord knows what Alexander was coping with, being on a mission for Mycroft. One he was forced into, granted, but still a dangerous one to have lasted so long. John felt touched that Alexander had made time for him.
are. And yes, your secrets are quite safe with me,
Setting the last bin back just as he had found it, Sherlock stood and tossed his gloves in the bin as well. "Well, that clears things up considerably," He declared looking back and forth from John to Mr. Brenton as though waiting for them to understand some hilariously clever joke.
Mary is buried, and John makes his choice.
trust himself. "I'll have someone there tomorrow afternoon," Mycroft said, his tone no longer amused, but worried.
John reached forward and squeezed one of Tim's hands for a moment. "I'm sorry."
"Sherlock, you don't have enough evidence," Lestrade said patiently, on the other end of the line. "People fight, Mr. Dwight was up front about the fact that they'd been fighting the night she died. Her toxicology screen showed a blood alcohol level of .5 percent. She sent her husband a goodbye text just before she's reported to have fallen. It is generally believed that Mrs. Dwight fought with her husband, got drunk, and leapt off the Scammonden Bridge."
John nodded. "Definitely." He was a practical man. James had been a good friend to him, and he wasn't about to throw that over just because his friend had asked him for something he couldn't give. His life was in such turmoil, it wasn't worth losing his port in a storm. And somehow, things didn't feel awkward. He was still surprised at James's confession, and if he was being honest, he was even a little flattered.
John released a breath and nodded. They turned together and started walking toward the break room.
Mr. Murphy only confirmed Sherlock's suspicions when he shrugged and said. "It used to be a break room, but Mr. Wallingford had it renovated this year. I'm not sure what subset of clients he was working on, or why. Most of our records are held in two secured basement floors."
Greg was waiting at their usual table, by the window, a little way away from the most crowded section of the pub. He smiled and waved when he saw John enter the building, then he frowned. When John sat down across from him, Greg said, "You alright, mate? You look like you're ready to fight."
Mary nodded, her eyes glinting dangerously. "That just leaves revenge, the most dangerous motive. Someone bent on revenge has the most terrible kind of freedom, they often have nothing left to lose. That kind of motivation will drive people to unimaginable lengths. It would also explain the subtlety. The killer is on a mission and doesn't want to be interrupted until they've finished."
James smiled and lifted his arms, reaching out to John as he made his way down. "Be careful, it's a long way down."
"Mycroft!" Sherlock cried, rushing after him. "Really I can hel—" Sherlock was thrust violently backwards. He tumbled on the floor and cracked his head against the side of the coffee table. He winced and pressed a hand to the rapidly swelling bump as Mycroft towered over him.
…would that day ever come? Or was that too much to hope for after all those years and the significant impact Sherlock had had on his life?
A slow, disbelieving smile made itself known on John's features. He shook his head. "You really are something." John lifted Sherlock's hand to his lips and kissed his knuckles. "I don't suppose you could pull up some security camera footage?"
…and waited…
~*~*~*~
the flat and there was no paperwork from a landlord. Mary had rolled her eyes at him, but she'd written up the necessary paperwork and accepted his first check. John had closely tracked his accounts for the first few days to insure that she'd also actually deposited the check in her own account, and it appeared that she had.
"How-?" She began, but Sherlock quickly interjected.
A big thank you to everyone who gave comments to, left kudos for, and/or subscribed to this story, your support is much appreciated. ^_^
John nodded slowly. He didn't feel like he could say he completely understood, because again Sherlock was alive and Sean was dead, but he felt much the same way in the wake of Sherlock's absence. Everything was different, and it could never be the same again.
Sherlock stared at him evenly. "Then report me."
"What?"
Patricia threw her hands up and let out a loud sigh of exasperation. "So we're screwed. Great."
John drew a sharp lungful of early winter air as he stepped outside. Sherlock had asked him leave, broken their partnership and their friendship in one ruthless blow, and it still didn't seem real…
funny. Or maybe he just thought it was funny because of all the time he had spent around Sherlock.
Sherlock looked away, unwilling to see any more of Mary's opinions on her face. She believed she had good intentions but time would prove her wrong. John and he were reunited for one case, that was it. One last game… This was exactly why he had pushed emotions away, they made everything so
"What do you think?"
John had never been a materialistic person, and in the end, everything he felt he needed fit in one large duffle, which he slung over his shoulder, and two other large bags he could carry in his hands. Traveling light had helped him move easily from place to place in the army; he never thought he'd need to use those skills to leave Sherlock... He shifted from foot to foot, testing the balance, and nodded to himself.
Mike nodded. "I finally decided to make a go of it." There was a brief pause before he added, "You know, they might still be looking for someone. I could put in a good word, if you want."
They crept into the house through the side kitchen door. John squinted in the darkness, waiting for his eyes to adjust, while Sherlock blazed ahead as if he had sonar. The good doctor managed, just barely to keep up as Sherlock prowled through the kitchen, then the living room. He didn't stop or seem to examine anything, he was just scanning the area, looking for...well, with Sherlock he was looking for whatever he had deduced might be here.
Sherlock considered this for a moment. Retelling the story would cause him to look at the cases in a new light, and might aid him in his private search for the as of yet unnamed spider. He glanced at the paper in his hand, which turned out to be an old medical record that was pivotal in the solving of his very first case. His first case hardly seemed relevant to this last, larger one...but it was best to leave no stone unturned. He had so little time left, rushing would only make him sloppy.
John had seen Sherlock's point, even then, but that had only made him think less of Greg's now ex-wife. Greg sacrificed so many things for his job, and all because he genuinely wanted to make the world a safer place than it was. John knew his perspective was skewed. He had…did love Sherlock for his similar devotions, but John had also been with Sherlock the majority of the time that he was working, and he had…different expectations than a spouse would.
Still, the affection, the
Nikki's hand rose in a loosely curled first to cover her mouth for a moment before she launched herself at Sherlock. Sherlock awkwardly patted her back, watching tears brim on the edge of Nikki's lashes. "I'll take that as a yes, then."
"Please, Mr. Holmes!" The nobleman cried, holding out a hand as Sherlock made to rise from his seat. "The test is not conclusive evidence!"
Mary hummed softly in response. "Have I told you that Sarah finally brought on some more staff to help fill in your hours."
~*~*~*~
John huffed in irritation and bit back more curses. Their latest case had started off as a simple, but high-profile kidnapping. The youngest daughter of the Bulgarian ambassador, Elzbieta, had been spirited away from her security team half a mile from her school. The kidnapers had taken not only Elzbieta, but also a poor schoolmate of hers, who had been accompanying her that morning. Both girls were similar in appearance, and at first they thought they were related.
John shifted and looked at him, his expression slightly scolding. "Don't be ridiculous, Sherlock. I can take them out for you. Do you have everything I'll need at 221 B?"
"Only one that we know of," Mycroft cut in, removing some papers from the inner pocket of his suit jacket, "and it appears to be working." Mycroft held out the papers to Sherlock, who accepted them with a dubious frown.
"I did at that," John agreed, running the pad of his thumb across Sherlock's lips, smiling when he felt the brush of a tongue. He stood, his hands gently cupping Sherlock's face, reluctant to lose contact.
John looked at the paper and shrugged. "Sure," he replied, handing it over. "If you know any cheap medical supply places, I'd love to have their address."
, exactly is he doing?" Mr. Brenton asked as they watched Sherlock crawl and snuffle through his garden.
The truth at last...not that it's a surprise to anyone but John.  ;)
Sherlock turned and made his way back to Lestrade and John, both of whom were frowning. "Well?" Lestrade asked wearily, his expression broadcasting his growing headache to the world.
from this
Eva moved one hand slightly forward as if cupping something small. "The gallbladder is a small pouch that sits under the liver, collecting bile that it produces," Eva's other hand swept a large area above her cupped hand. "As your stomach needs more bile to digest, the pouch contracts, and pushes in the bile it needs." Eva squeezed her hand shut for a moment, then loosened it once more, looking again like she was cupping something small. "Sometimes, and for lots of different reasons, the gallbladder can produce stones. Some people are able to pass them, and some people never feel them."
"Dr. Hutchison," Mary sighed in exasperation. "She's a skilled doctor and she seemed to be a lovely person with good boundaries at first, but now… Every time I turn around I see or hear her whispering to Sarah about this staff member or that one. I only caught small snippets of their conversation but it seems like every time someone so much as glances at her, she takes offence!"
Sherlock crouched when he reached the ground, and pulled two tennis balls from his pockets. He carefully removed the plug from one and set it rolling down the alley, towards the street. Before he'd left Baker Street he'd managed to fill each ball with urine from a bitch in heat. Very little could deter well trained scenting dogs for long, except for this.
"Oh, Papa, Cori said the children at her daycare wanted you and dad to come around for story time again."
The set of John's eyes told Sherlock that John had a headache, and his long fingers twitched with the suppressed desire to reach out and sooth. He almost started when small pale fingers
Sherlock squirmed slightly under John's gaze, uncomfortable with its intensity. He'd turned similar looks on others in the name of a case but none of them had been...real. Sherlock's lips parted as his breathing quickened. John squeezed Sherlock's good hand gently, slowing running his thumb back and forth over the skin on the back of Sherlock's hand. "What do
He hadn't counted on the burst pipe, though. With so much activity and people rushing into the building just after he's secured the trade agreement, it hadn't been safe to remove it from his office. Tonight, however, the Gala would stop being a deterrent, instead working in favor of Mr. Jones. After he had made his speeches, and anything else he intended to accomplish, he could sneak back to his office and slip quietly outside without anyone being the wiser. All Sherlock had to do now was catch him in the act.
"He's not my boyfriend!" John hissed, shoving his hands in his pockets as he whirled to go. "And you never have an appetite anyway!" The door of the cafe rattled in its frame in the wake of John's wrath and the remaining patrons nervously looked anywhere but at Sherlock.
Maybe it was Alexander's promise to help John in his own, final case-the truth behind Sherlock's fall. Or maybe...maybe it was everything. Their similarities, their grief, their connection... For just a moment everything had been too much and it had
Sherlock leaned down and scooped up some lose earth from the nearly barren ground, rolling it around in his hand and letting it fall through his fingers as he stood. "You'll need your best forensic team on this one, and your best canine unit. One that doesn't spook easily and can distinguish between different blood scents easily."
The nobleman blanched, then nodded. "You are a master at your craft, Mr. Holmes," he conceded. "I have only spoken to my daughter when I did not know who she was, so I can only guess her motives." He reached into his pocket then, and placed a brochure for The Royal Ballet on the short table between them. "She has been working as a ballerina for some years now; I believe she wants to be the Prima Ballerina. It is difficult and painful work however. And, unless one is a leading ballerina, one is not always paid so well. My daughter, she is almost past her prime now, for her profession anyways, and her letter leads me to believe she is looking for a little...financial stability."
Molly had revived him from his faint and walked with him back to Baker Street, tripping over apologies the entire time. She'd settled John into the very chair where he sat now. John did his best to waive off her concerns with claims of low blood sugar combined with the sudden shock of "seeing it in writing," although he had not elaborated on
"I forgive you," she replied, wrapping her arms around him as well, nestling her head against his shoulder. Her voice was still calm and for one confused moment John almost felt as though Mary were holding him, consoling
: Worth it.
John nodded, and then leaned forward slightly until his forehead rested against Mary's. "I'm sorry." He repeated, pulling her into a gentle embrace.
Having his feet under him once more, John followed Mycroft with the sure, steady steps of a soldier, uncertain if heartache, disappointment devastation, or...or hope waited at the end of that long narrow hallway. It was an answer he couldn't turn away from. Not now. Not after...everything. It had to be...
Without further ado, let us get back to the story.
The man, seeming to feel John's gaze, glanced over at John and smiled. "Want one?"
John leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees, and his chin in his hands. "What did the letter say?"
hear Mycroft say 'please' before. It did very little to appease John, but it was enough to make him pause. John glared harshly through the gap in the door at the elder Holmes. "You have three seconds to give me a good reason."
Sherlock nodded in understanding. "As in the Dwight murder."
"I don't believe that anyone is every truly screwed, as you may be implying," The therapist continued, leaning forward slightly in her chair as she spoke to Patricia and the larger group. "While the pain you may feel after a loss can be intense, it never has to define you, and it does not mean that you'll never be happy. People can feel a wide range of emotions, and often feel more than one at the same time. Some people find meaning or focus in grief and loss, a better appreciation of what they have, or a greater drive to pursue what they want. Some people feel they are honoring who and what they have lost by living the best lives that they can. Others may feel that they simply don't want to let pain be the only thing that defines them. Pain may be a continuous part of your lives,
"Do you want us to take the dogs out again?" a gruff voice sounded, too far in away from the grate for Sherlock to see who it was.
"With no cure?" John asked, leaning closer to Sherlock, searching his face.
"I can't believe you're making me
John complied with a frown. Sherlock never asked for anything, he commanded. He'd certainly never said
The apartment complex was a plain gray structure with very little decoration. It was surrounded by a chain link fence that was secured with a padlock and several "under construction" and "no trespassing" signs were posted at regular intervals along the fence. Even under the gray overcast typical of London weather, the place looked foreboding.
"Jesus," John muttered, holding his face in his hands. All he'd tried to do was piece his life together, and he'd unwittingly stepped right back into madness. There was no way he could return to Charing Cross now...
An unpleasant prickle ran up Sherlock's spine. He'd been so
"Of me working in the morgue?" John replied, somewhat at a loss. "I should hope so. You suggested it."
The Odette he had just played for may have been able to regain her humanity and her love, but John Watson would
John rolled his eyes. "Yes, yes. I've heard that before. Do you know when he might be coming home, or don't you?"
John smiled and shook his head, pleased and grateful for her protective streak. He was used to protecting others, not being protected.
"You've been different on cases lately," John replied, taking Sherlock's bishop without breaking eye contact. "Despite that fact that their flooding in, you're being picky."
Sherlock observed him placidly. This was a dangerous man. He had hurt and
Yes he wasn't ready for a relationship, but hadn't he also said he'd wanted something simple? John felt like they understood each other, what could be more simple than a kiss? He'd also said he was flattered by James's affection, and he was. It felt
nature of their relationship.
John thought for a moment shaking his head at the myriad of memories that filled three short weeks. "Well, the first time I met him he was shooting a wall because he was 'bored.'"
Mrs. Wallingford reached out her arm and opened her mouth, but before she could calm her son, Sherlock gestured out the open sitting room door. "Then you will have no objections to being questioned next."
John could do nothing but grumble because, as much as it irritated him, it was the truth.
going to lose you to some idiotic case now. No more fieldwork for you."
Sherlock nodded his agreement. In that moment he knew that the individual that killed Mary's husband had been made to suffer, an action that didn't weigh on her conscience in the slightest. That was what had made her such a good operative, she was ruthless and determined in a way most people would underestimate.
doing everything in his power. John was taking his steps, and Sherlock needed to stay back and let it happen.
John's eyes flittered over to Moriarty's body, the head was obviously sunken and there were no movements indicating breath, so it definitely was a body now. That thought bothered him much less than it probably should have. He had thought James was a friend, had flirted with the possibility of... But if Sherlock said that James would have killed him, John believed him. He trusted Sherlock, and the story could come later.
Sherlock scoffed, "There wasn't enough time to synthesize a cure from the moment I was poisoned."
"No, absolutely not, Sherlock. No."
Mr. Brenton smiled wanly, before continuing. "Yes, well, anyway… this last month she's been acting strangely…"
The thought of his sister had him turning to the post. He had been expecting another letter from her. He'd received one the first week she'd been away, gushing about the beauty of the grounds and the caring staff, and he'd sent one back encouraging her and giving her a watered down version of his own 'busy' week.
Sherlock was still very much himself, but John felt the warmth in him was more apparent, and his 'bad' behavior was more wry, less calculating. It was as though the caring parts of Sherlock that John had always known were there had been thrown into sharper relief, and John was grateful for it.
"Oi, it's true!" one of the footballers piped up. "I saw this guy hit him! And it looked like he was going after the girl too!"
He hummed quietly to himself as he meticulously observed the microscopic world before him, watching his influence take over it. When he paused to make another notation, his left hand groped uselessly in the empty air beside the microscope. Sherlock blinked, and looked over at his outstretched hand. Where was his tea? It was
She stopped just in front of him and grinned up at him like a child. "Fine. It still aches, but I'm told that's normal. I just had a checkup and wanted to run over to see if I could thank you again for your help the night of the accident. You were very kind to me."
John looked back at Mr. Brenton while Sherlock meticulously scanned the fabric before him. Their guest...client, was paler still, and his lips were trembling. "That's why I need your help, Mr. Holmes, I...I've got to find out what she's
Mycroft glared at him for a moment, seeing him for the first time and spat, "Not
John blinked after the elder Holmes brother for a moment, confused. Sometimes Mycroft had delivered Alexander's letters in person, sometimes he hadn't, but he'd never left so quickly before...
need to leave," Sherlock corrected. His tone was soft, but it fell on deaf ears. Sherlock watched his blogger stiffen from his head to his toes.
closed his eyes, when he heard Sherlock's deep baritone waiver, as though choked by emotion, "Riverview Cemetery, please, as fast as you can. We're late for the funeral of a dear friend."
Sherlock took a step back and straightened his spine. "I am a consulting detective, the only one in the world. I invented the position. When the Yard is out of their depth, which is always, they call me. I also have a fair number of private clients. The problem is, as I said, I don't have enough work. And when there isn't enough work, everything is so..."
John started and took a step back. "What?! No! Why would you think that?" John had become inured to the insinuations of Mrs. Hudson, Greg Lestrade, and the general public, but he never expected James would give credence to any such thoughts.
"I told you to wait by the ring," Sherlock wheezed as John's hands and fingers swept over his face and neck, assessing the damage.
John strolled into the sitting room, ruffling a towel in his hair. He had just finished a long soak in a scorching tub and his skin had a red/pink glow. Lowering the towel, John draped it over one of the kitchen chairs. He was dressed in soft flannel pajama pants and a oversized, terry-cloth robe. He was a bit too overheated to think of pulling on a flannel shirt just yet, and his chest peeked out through the V of the neckline.
Sherlock furrowed his brow and stared at her for a long moment. "Your quite skilled with makeup. Most people would not have recognized you as the assistant to that ballerina upon seeing you again."
They were silent for a moment before John spoke again. "So, what
"Johnny, you have the single
"They don't have to be explosive," Sherlock insisted, leaning forward in his enthusiasm. "They could be corrosive instead."
"Come here, love," John murmured, tugging lightly on Sherlock's hips.
John smiled warmly and shook the offered hand, while Sherlock peered eagerly over his shoulder, impatient to get to work. "Thank you for seeing us on such short notice," John said, determined that
John accepted the letter with a quiet, "Thank you." He smiled when he saw Harry's familiar scratchy writing. He wasn't expecting another letter, he was leaving for Switzerland tomorrow, but he was always pleased to hear from his sister.
Sherlock turned so that he could face John properly and said, "You're going to be a father, John."
Greg raised his eyebrows. "You look like hell, John."
~*~*~*~
John bit back a laugh and asked, "Do you want it, or not?"
"The game, John."
~*~*~*~
That moment when you realize you can't hide from yourself, no matter how hard you try...
"Thank you for coming in to speak with me, Dr. Watson. We're conducting interviews all this week, checking references next week, and we hope to get back to people late next week or early the week after."
: Caring Is Not An Advantage
Once they were on their way to Baker Street, John said, "You were wrong."
, Sherlock!" he roared. "Sod you, and sod this stupid piano, too!" As he turned, Mycroft grasped the edge of the piano in one hand, and wrenched his arm away from the wall. Like Sherlock, he was strong, and the movement caused the upright piano to topple to the floor, crushing the bench beneath it. A jarring cord echoed through the house as Mycroft stormed from the living room.
Sherlock finally reached the condoms and lube and pushed both into John's waiting hands. John had maneuvered himself between Sherlock's legs at this point and was idly pressing sometimes tender, sometimes biting kisses along his inner thighs. John spread some lube along his palm and reached forward to take Sherlock in hand. Sherlock jerked and moaned softly at the sensation, his hands scrabbling at John's shoulders.
John saw the blush creeping down Sherlock's chest, his breath coming in quick gasps, and felt the trembling muscles of Sherlock's thighs. He was close. John leaned up slightly, beckoning Sherlock down for a kiss. Sherlock met him halfway in a sloppy, perfect mashing of lips that could only be called a kiss in the loosest of terms. John's hands twitched on Sherlock's hips as he felt his knot start to swell, and a rumbling growl rose in his throat. "Mine!"
Special thanks also goes this time to Charlie, who did not ship Johnlock, but who was always a general fan of smutty stories.
Sherlock lifted his arm to wave John over. John gave himself a mental shake and started walking forwards once more. They had a case, they all needed to focus. "What have you got?" John asked, sliding into the seat opposite of Sherlock.
mark this for later review he supposed...but he really wanted something different. An eight at least. He kept scrolling.
John was starting to feel the chill again, so he set his letter down on the coffee table and scrambled up to his room to pull on a flannel shirt in addition to his robe. Afterwards he puttered around in the kitchen, preparing a cup of Earl Grey tea with milk. He actually had milk on a regular bases since he was the only one getting it and Sherlock wasn't appropriating any for his experiments. It was stupid, but he missed being out of milk.
James smiled warmly once more. "I'd like that. Here, let me give you my number."
Nikki took a few steps back now, shaking her head violently. "Case? What case? What about
Pushing the hurt aside, as had become second nature, John watched Mrs. Aster leave, and then turned towards the nurses station to finish up his notes.
Mycroft had been incredibly busy lately, getting ready to go to university. Sherlock understood that it would be impractical for his brother to take the piano with him, but it would be ready for him when he chose to visit. Secretly, Sherlock hoped the piano would encourage his brother to visit more often. Music was one of the only things that made his brother smile anymore…
The brunt of the unpleasantness he had suffered so far had more to do with Sherlock's attitude than anything else. He was so focused on his cases, or his experiments that John could almost forget that Sherlock had suggested this arrangement for the sole purpose of breaking John's spirit. Sherlock
been unkind, but apologizing
The kitchen table held some kind of experiment cooking under heat lamps, the sitting room contained the usual client letters stuck to the mantle with a sturdy knife, as well as Sherlock's violin, resting on the desk by the windows. John crept into Sherlock's room once more, scanning every item meticulously. Sherlock's sheets were rumpled, clothes were strewn about the room, along with an assortment of random objects, and artifacts that would look completely out of place in any other flat in London, but were just par for the course when one lived with Sherlock Holmes.
