"Yeah. Just as you have."
It would have to be enough.
Clea was regarding Steve with an inquisitive, almost clinical expression. "You are not the original inhabitant of that body," she said suddenly.
A control that Tony could, apparently, break with alarming ease.
Each time Steve regained consciousness, he was not alone...
The first kiss was soft, the sort of kiss Steve might have given his mother, the sister he had never had— but that changed as he kissed Tony back...
But Steve was troubled. He often seemed to drift off into a painful reverie, his eyebrows drawing together in a frown, mouth turning down, and he would look at Tony as if he was something precious that he was about to lose.
"Darn it," Steve said. "I am so disappointed," and tickled Tony again. This time, though, Tony was ready for him, and the tickling turned into something else entirely.
There were a lot of silences, those first few days, until Tony realised that Steve wasn't going to override him or interrupt him. He began to talk the way he had once talked with his Dad, before he had learned to keep his own counsel, and before Pepper had arrived to make it much easier for him to do just that. Once she was there, no one noticed if he had suddenly become taciturn – except, of course, when he was in the Iron Man suit where he was free to babble as much as he liked.
Jarvis spoke for the first time in hours. "May I suggest, Steve, that the spa tub by the pool would be even more helpful."
Steve was grinning. "It appears that you got picked up by a spy. Or a reporter. Or possibly both, judging by the way the pair of them were using the cameras on their smartphones. They were quite blatant about it. I suppose they thought I was too out of touch to know—"
"—now!"
"I had visitors. From Asgard. Thor's back, and in exile, apparently, because he got his mom to save Steve's life. Steve is back too, a bit shaken up and not at his full strength, but getting there."
"Will you look after Tony for me?" Pepper challenged in return.
Pepper took one look at his expression and said, to the man and woman sitting opposite her at her desk, "If you'll excuse me for a moment, there's something I need to deal with." To Tony she said, "Conference room?"
"Ready the Mark IX and let's load up the new transporter pod. It'll be a good test run."
She couldn't have heard his intake of breath, so she must be reacting to his expression. Fuck. Even though there was no need right now to keep his voice steady, Tony fought to do so. That it came out harsh and cold didn't matter either. "We were suckered."
"Norns? What the hell is a Norn?" Hank asked, with a touching air of bewilderment that Steve could empathise with completely, for all that he had actually spent time in Asgard.
He flew North over a city plunged into darkness, grey clouds swirling above, car headlights the only sign of electricity below. Over on Manhattan Island, Tony could see the faint glow of Stark Tower, but even that seemed dimmed.
"Yes, definitely, and possibly – that's why Hank wants to talk to you. I don't think he'll object to Steve."
Tony called Virgil Potts from inside the stealth armour, which did not make him feel any safer or less acutely nervous.
"Set that aside for the moment," Howard said. "We will explain, I promise. I don't think they're after Steve, Tony. Unless someone outside this room knows he's here. As I understand it, the Doombots have a measure of independent intelligence, plus Doom's ego. Its creator tried to steal your tech before, so maybe it remembered. Meanwhile, what about Fury?"
"Yes, sir," Jarvis's voice said.
Steve flinched.
"Of course, sir."
"I'm going to investigate."
Oh, yes, Tony had asked for Jarvis to deploy the Mark 8. Just as well, Steve thought, because the suitcase armour might not have been advanced enough to protect them both from the explosion.
He descended on the Tendring Tower like the wrath of God, guns rattling, with the loudspeaker booming out his message, "Step away from your machines and lay down your weapons."
"She betrayed me – and, honestly, Happy, she's safer away from me – from this." Tony waved his free hand vaguely at the still figures on the sidewalk.
"Jarvis," Tony said, "try to locate Margaret Carter, who was with the SSR during and after World War 2. Births, marriages, deaths, press references—"
Tony kept his voice quiet and neutral, though he wanted to grab her, shake her, or perhaps fuck her through the mattress. Except the time for that was past. "How long have you been working for SHIELD, Pepper?"
Tony heard Steve's sharp intake of breath, and felt his hand settle lightly on his shoulder. "Tony's the only reason you have either 'leviathans' or the bombs, sir," Steve pointed out. "He's certainly less likely to supply weapons of any kind to the Air Force than... anyone else... with access to them."
Steve hadn't mentioned the artefact over breakfast or asked to see it, which Tony figured meant that he had already discovered it was gone. Maybe he even guessed what he had done the night before. Of course, he would also guess that Tony could retrieve the artefact any time he wished – and he would have to in the end, or Gene would want to know why. The last thing he needed now was a fight with the Mandarin.
"Natasha and Clint. Are you sure that was the phrase she used? Come on, I know how good your memory is now."
He chose a direction at random, let his face down into the water again, and counted twenty-five strokes.
The newcomer was tall, clad in a skin-tight suit, rather like White Wolf's but black and without the shoulder armour, the cape or any obvious weapons. If the suit had a mask, it had been pushed back to fall about his neck, revealing the handsome, determined face of a man probably in his mid-twenties, about Steve's apparent age. Also, unlike White Wolf, he was plainly a Wakandan native.
"Jarvis," he said. "Lockdown."
"Huh? Something wrong?"
The shock of sexual desire which shot straight to stomach and groin was unexpected – and unacceptable.
The elevator doors opened.
Which isolated Tony almost as effectively as time had isolated him.
Later that night, while Steve slept, Tony, wearing the Iron Man gauntlets, wrapped the artefact tightly in plastic and threw it in the lake.
Steve started after them, but Jan dug in her heels, hanging onto him grimly. She couldn't stop him, but she was still attached to his shirt when they reached the open hatch. "It's all right, Steve," she panted. "It's all right. Betty has my remaining Pym particles. She'll release the parachute and once they're through the portal—"
So Tony had tried to make things right with a night of – fantastic – sex.
"No problem."
, though those were probably a weapon, knowing her. All she lacked was a flower in her long hair.
His immediate assessment was that they had no intention of killing the woman, but the numbers involved seemed excessive. The danger came from the men with the automatic weapons, though what they were looking for remained unknown.
Tony had a bounce in his step as he left the Board meeting, again at Pepper's side – they had waited until those present in the flesh had left, though that had been less than half the board. The meeting had gone more quickly and smoothly than Tony had expected and his working partnership with Pepper had operated as well as ever.
"Sir," Jarvis interrupted. "Ms Van Dyne is calling your cell. Which you left in the workshop. She seems agitated. Doctor Pym is even more agitated. He is searching for you."
Bruce cleared his throat nervously. "They're timed about an hour apart. I think she was expecting you to reply at some point. I'll start with the oldest." There was a pause far longer than it should have taken for him to read the text. "Oh," he said at last. "Are... are you really sure about this, Tony?"
." Tony slammed a hand down on the breakfast bar. "Jarvis!"
"... not what you think..."
"Are you going to stick with the White Fang thing? Or go down a few pay grades? That Hatut Zeraze armour looks good."
Tony's eyes shot open. The sun was setting over the Pacific, flooding the room with slanting rose-coloured light.
Tony hadn't been sure what the gun did, and he still wasn't after the crackling red light had surrounded the 'honour guard' and felled them in an instant. T'Challa, meanwhile, had taken down the man who had been questioning him, if that was what he was, in a flurry of blows worthy of Captain America himself.
And Steve was moving, shoving Hill to one side, Happy to the other, and throwing himself between the whatever-it-was on the hangar roof and Tony-and-Pepper, shield held high.
"Are they listening?"
Was Tony lonely, Steve wondered? Miss Potts – and why did she permit herself to be called 'Pepper' when Virginia was a beautiful name? Didn't she want the association with virgin, though how was a bad pun better? Anyhow, Miss Potts, who was certainly not a virgin if the way Tony spoke about her was anything to go by, had been diverted to Washington on her way back from Japan, and Tony had been seriously annoyed by the delay.
Tony also suspected that Steve couldn't make up his mind whether to be relieved or furious.
"Steve?" Jan asked.
Tony hoped to hell he was kidding.
"You've got nothing to be sorry for. I'm the one who sent you here, thinking you'd be safe."
That he was beautiful didn't lessen that pleasure, either, though it did make Steve remember why he had been looking out of the window. His jeans were too tight for his crotch to be comfortable.
"What?" Even as he spoke, Tony had taken back control of the Ferrari and put his foot flat to the floor. "That's not Rhodey!" he shouted at Steve.
So he'd been surprised when he'd gotten the call on his cell phone – and the Howlers and the SOE sure would have loved those – about an hour ago. Even more surprisingly the call had not been from a member of SHIELD or the Avengers but from Jarvis, whose very English-sounding voice made him nostalgic for Peggy and Falsworth but who Tony Stark had said was some sort of intelligent machine. Whether or not Tony was joshing him about that, Jarvis had, most deferentially, demanded that he come to Stark Tower at once. His – its – voice had sounded almost panicked, as if a machine could be panicked.
"Do you know what happened to me in Afghanistan?" Tony asked suddenly, not looking at Steve.
Steve sidestepped him. "It's supposed to be from Peggy, from the fake address and it's typed – she – it – says her hands are arthritic. If it hadn't been for that address I might have fallen for that—"
Tony couldn't isolate it, and it was driving him crazy.
"No. There's nothing at the coordinates you gave me."
"At eleven I shall be on the other side of the continent," Tony replied, shoving back his chair and leaning over to kiss Pepper on the cheek.
When he finally returned to the settlements on the coast to report to Okoye, he had hoped to find her in the same apartments. She wasn't there, but she had plainly realised that that was where he would try to find her, for she had left the young man who spoke good English waiting for him to take any message he thought she needed to consider urgently. Tony briefed him on how many of the Hatut Zeraze had been neutralised and about the captured SHIELD agents, then went to check on Jan.
"It was scared," Jean said.
Rhodey sounded so angry and so near to desperation, that Tony sobered. Hank, meanwhile, had been silenced by the unfamiliar voice from the speakers, and Bruce and Jan were looking abashed. Jan moved to Hank's side, the carpet of ant splitting into two to let her pass, and began to whisper to him. Tony hoped the room microphones weren't sensitive enough to pick up whatever she was saying.
Tony thought about it for all of two seconds. "Oh, yeah. Loki," he said wisely.
majesty.  What's your idea, Stark?"
"No. I'll let you know as soon as I do. Meanwhile, what's your opinion on Coulson's old grandpappy?"
He said, "If this is what we think it is, Jarvis, I'll try reason and when that fails we'll go to plan B."
But Jan had spotted her and was on her in an instant, blasting her with the full force of her stingers, even as the woman aimed at Iron Man.
"You gave me my instructions on that matter yourself, sir."
"I don't know what talents you have as a magician, but you certainly have one for understatement." It sounded like Natasha.
Steve was shaking his head. "If they were under this when it came down..."
Velasco nodded.
"Dad!" Tony was outraged.
Nor had he any doubts about who was lifting him far above the street, heading, no doubt, for the confrontation he had tried so hard to avoid.
SHIELD had to be involved. If anyone had been serious about killing Steve, it would have been easy enough to shoot him or set a decent bomb instead of that ridiculous flash.
"He built the vita-ray machine," Bruce pointed out.
But he couldn't.
"My pleasure, ma'am," Jack said, with the air of it being the one thing he was sure about.
A hand fell on Tony's shoulder, squeezing hard enough to make the armour creak. "Does our comrade yet live, my friend?"
"I decided that Ms Potts would not appreciate that joke, sir. Or that she might possibly construe it to be true."
"I'm not interested in your brother or what use you have for him, but my bosses want Stark dead."
Steve realised.
He was instantly reminded, from that and the planes of her features, the darkness of her skin and her tightly-bound hair, of Okoye.
With the Hatut Zeraze in pursuit, the sensible thing would be to get out of Wakanda as soon as possible, right? But whoever said Tony and Steve – or their new ally – were sensible?
"Heimdall sent a message to Thor that two of his friends had vanished not just from the face of Midgard but that of the Nine Worlds. One moment they were visible, the next they were not. Also, there was the presence of magic. Thor asked him to keep a close watch. Two Midgardian days passed, with the only surprise the arrival of yet another of Thor's friends at that location – the one called Bruce Banner."
Tony snorted. "Oooh, boy. She must be really taken with you. Didn't you know that when she was my PA one of her jobs was to evict any wom— anyone who had outstayed their welcome?
"What do you want, Tony?"
The faceplate was gone, probably torn off by Thor, who was looming behind Natasha. She sat back on her heels, looking relieved, while Thor's face broke into a huge grin.
"The ornithopter-that-ate-New York. Except that it didn't. That guy. He tell  you anything? Like who sent him? And who built that wonderful machine?"
"I'll drive from here," Tony said decisively. "And, in future, if you want to drive Ms Potts rather than me, that's fine. I'll have your contract transferred from me to Stark Industries. No loss of salary. You just keep Pepper safe."
"Let's—"
"Already on its way, sir," Jarvis's calm voice informed him.
Though he would have sworn that Tony was engrossed in his work, the other man looked up at the sound. His expression changed from concentration to concern in an instant, and then he was crossing the room to Steve's side.
"Not at that time, though eventually it proved impossible to hide such a project from the Hatut Zeraze," the Panther admitted, with a wry twist to his lips. "But I am getting ahead of my tale."
Steve swallowed.
"You would've been okay.”
There was also no sign of the Wasp.
"Hi, Cap," Stark said, looking at him... appreciatively? He also seemed nervous. "Care for some brunch?"
Tony rubbed at his chin. "It's already growing back. I'll see about arranging a designer stubble version."
"Everyone does. He doesn't like his first name."
Even as Tony was speaking, Steve reached across and jerked the wheel hard to the right, sending the car swerving
"No, he—" But Tony didn't know whether Howard had or not.
"Stark..."
It was Tony who broke the kiss. "Steve. No, Steve, slow down and listen to me, okay."
Realistically, it was impossible that his fingerprints would work the mechanism, if, indeed, it had ever worked, but he still pressed his splayed hand into the depressions.
"That's tempting, but I'm not sure it'll do your aching back any favours." Steve was grinning as he bounded to his feet. "Go on, Tony. I take it your housekeepers have gone so I'll change the linen here, have a shower, and then see what there is to eat. By that time you might be a bit more human."
He didn't even have to think about it.
"Good evening, Mr Stark." Hardy – Ambassador Ndungu – shook hands briefly. He hesitated for a moment, looking towards Steve as if he was thinking about offering his hand to him. Steve's arms remained folded and his expression forbidding. Ndungu thought better of it.
"If I can't trust Captain America to have my back, who can I trust?"
"You can still go east," Jan said. "You probably won't be there in time to help, but I suspect – no, I know - Tony will be... delighted... if you're there when he comes ashore. Call Potts. She'll make sure you have a flight back to New York."
"Tony!" she exclaimed, with what seemed to be genuine pleasure. "It's been far too long. I began to wonder if you'd had a dose of food poisoning from some of that junk food you're so fond of and were blaming it on me." She frowned at him. "You do not look well, and you've lost weight."
Finally, though, when Iron Man reported that there were no more life signs, however weak, and they had brought no one out alive for the last two hours, Steve admitted to himself that they were beaten.
Pepper rose to her feet. "I have to go, but... You're good for Tony, Steve. Most of all, you wouldn't abandon your ideals for him." Pepper kissed Steve on the cheek, which made him flush, then gathered up her belongings and left.
"Maybe," Jan said, "But someone had gone to some lengths to make sure it couldn't be identified as hers. Luckily," she smiled a little, and her eyes shifted to Hank for a moment, "the researcher involved believed in record redundancy."
Steve thought about it. "If this one of Tony's houses then Jarvis – his computer butler – will be awake and aware of us, even if Tony himself is half a world away," he said. "Guess he recognised you."
"Thor recognised her from the description. She found that stone yet?"
"Where are the stones?" Natasha sounded alarmed.
"I've seen the results of your research; big and green and bad tempered. Which is why I called." Quickly he sketched the details of the giant rampaging zombie bear-dog and the traces of green in its coat and gamma radiation in its body.
"So do I," Danvers said. "But I guess we both have to make do with each other."
Steve had spent the last six months or so terrified for Tony on his own behalf: he didn't need this new terror on behalf of, well, the rest of the world.
"Well, this new Captain America... I just don't see how Phil could have stood for the name and uniform being reused."
But Clea was already answering. "Many do. Particularly as... shadows... of those who existed in the first universe. Even where they do not, they leave traces." For a moment, it appeared she was going to say more, but, plainly thinking better of it, looked down at the artefact in her hands. "I cannot use this device," she said. "It is a quite specific magic, coded to a personality or personalities, to their souls. I doubt Doom himself in his full pomp, or my tutor Stephen Strange, could master it."
The whole bunch ignored him. He didn't even get a smile or a glare.
Harm no-one. But there was Pepper...
tight – pants.
"Indeed, sir. Editing now."
Tony hesitated, looking at the folder as if it might bite him. He tapped it with one finger. "Is this so explosive that you needed to bring it yourself?"
"I suspect so," Betty said, without any hint of reluctance. "He was here at Culver about the time you and Hank suddenly weren't. We had an uncomfortable conversation where he once again tried to get me to resume the work Bruce and I had been doing on gamma rays. When I told him I still had no interest, he tried to get me to admit I'd been in touch with Bruce after the battle of Manhattan." She pushed her long dark hair back from her face in an unconscious gesture. "At that point, I hadn't but I'm sure he didn't believe me."
low and slow and non-metallic. It'll profile like a kite or glider on radar. Or it may have gotten clearance from Air Traffic Control – ah, Jarvis says it has. It's advertising a new movie... and it's just amazing. I suspect everyone's too busy capturing it on their cells to even think about calling the military."
There was silence for what seemed like a long time. Tony glared at each of his companions in turn, daring them to comment.
Time to find the rest of his gear.
That much Tony already knew, and was well aware that it was only a small part of the truth. All the same, he nodded. "Being an Avenger – a legitimate Avenger – means a great deal to Natasha. And she's a pragmatist. But she cares for you. She called me. I was expecting you. I still have enough credit with the powers that be to help you: but first you gotta let go of the past or there's no one on Earth who can."
"Who guessed we'd head for Stark Tower."
"Shit!" Tony leaped into the elevator.
"Not if I can help it!" Iron Man took off, shot through both doors and shattered the French doors before following the aircraft into the black sky.
The arc reactor was flickering. Steve's heart skipped in sympathy – and fear. Then "EMP," Iron Man's distorted voice said. "Just glanced... shoulder plate." There was a moment's pause, presumably as Tony gathered breath. "Christ, that was powerful. Thanks for putting him down."
There was only one sniper Steve would have trusted to back him up right now, and he was long dead.
Xavier waved Steve over to a large, comfortable armchair and told him to try to relax.
"Dad, really? You know the fingerprints of twins aren't identical and he's full-grown, adult, looks to be in his middle twenties. He speaks English with a slight Brooklyn accent. Rogers was born and grew up in Brooklyn. That would have to be not just a huge leap in cloning techniques but in forced growth and implanting. Computer!"
Even as he spoke, the helicopter was raising a spout of water, smoke and flame on the surface of the river.
"Wonderful. What did happen to the shield?"
"There's no reception in the valley – there never has been."
"Of course, sir. But may I suggest you will also need food, sir. You yourself have not eaten anything for nearly twenty-four hours. The same is almost certainly true of Prince Thor."
Tony watched with apparent indifference as Velasco's team of RED HORSE engineers attached the small boxes with their faintly glowing undersides to the scales of the fallen Chitauri troop carrier. The Colonel himself was looking on with a much more interested and critical eye, with Hill beside him, though both seemed uneasy with the arrangement as well as with the crowds who had come to see the fun. Probably neither wished to appear on You-Tube.
Tony, of course, knew all this and had apparently taken it into account when ordering the meal.
He began to make his way methodically along the corridor, pausing at each door to listen for voices. When he reached double doors carved with symbols he did not recognise, he finally heard the murmur of voices. He leaned his head against the wood, and words became clear.
Jan shrugged. "No idea. The Hulk carried him in and he could have bailed out anywhere en route. I came courtesy of Jarvis and the Iron Man suit. Hank doesn't want to 'play superhero,'" she added inconsequentially.
Deliberately, Steve pressed the call button on the second elevator. He'd get some food, and some sleep, and tomorrow – or later today – he'd deal with Tony. Maybe.
He closed his eyes against the pain, blocking out the strange skies.
"Captain," Jarvis interrupted. "I have an unidentified aircraft on radar heading towards us at zero feet, bearing zero four nine, range two thousand yards, speed one hundred miles per hour."
Tony grabbed for a handhold, but somehow his palm slapped down on the device.
There was pause while Pepper digested that 'we're both' and its implications. Then she asked, "Has he told you—?"
He didn't believe it. There was something disguised by the projection; who or what he couldn't say. But, right now, the only entities who had access to the program were himself and Jarvis.
"I decided to let them go," Steve said.
"And mine," a third voice said. "Colonel Marchand speaking. You may have command of some nebulous mission, Fury, but
"Mr Stark ordered it prepped and sent here as soon as he turned east."
Steve was pretty sure that it all was merely theatrical scene setting and meant to be reassuring. He was not reassured.
He was so beautiful.
There was another flash in the air, and the helmet jerked from its path. Steve reached out a casual hand to catch it, though right then his attention was all on the flutter of iridescent wings as the Wasp went tumbling towards the ground.
He hovered outside the bedroom window, his sensors creating a picture of the room beyond the heavy drapes. The occupant was sitting cross-legged on the bed, balancing a laptop on her – he was sure who it was now – knees.
Tony was watching the internal security feeds from the lobby that led to the beach when the two men stepped through the door, which Jarvis immediately closed behind them.
"I hope you're not going to tell that to your meeting tomorrow. Or the Board—"
"Show me," Steve said.
The future, slapping him in the face again.
"At least someone made you the offer. No one gave me the choice of being a warrior. I had to fight for it, though Frigga and Thor and— Eventually they supported me, if reluctantly. Frigga herself taught me to wield a sword."
"So what is this device?"
"And you were there."
"What the fuck is that?" Danvers howled, even as she sent the SI jet screaming low across the expanse of the Travis airbase with the tower screaming for her to abort.
"Yes," Tony said. But it wasn't true.
Steve dismissed that with a wave of his hand. "How are the tribe going to get to the island? Is there a bridge?"
"Hang on there, buddy. We're on our way. Hey, up front, take her all the way up to flank."
Tony watched with obvious amusement as Steve scrambled into jeans and tee. He showed no sign of moving even when Steve paused, on one foot, to glare at him.
"You know both," the President said.
"You would have said 'no' and you would have been wrong."
"Who were those guys, anyway?" he asked Betty and Jan. "And why did that helicopter crew kill their own men?"
It was humbling.
"The call that summons the Panther tribe to the temple on their sacred island."
In the shadows it was easy to see deep into the creek and that the tracks he had been following ran just below the surface, crossing the creek to the tumble of rocks at the bottom of the cliffs.
Clearer knowledge does not always simplify the situation, either on Earth or Asgard.
"I meant in the penthouse, if that's where we are, Jarvis."
"Guess so."
Jan freed a hand and touched it to the communicator in her ear. "Open the hatch!" she ordered.
The out-of-left-field mention of Cap rang loud alarm bells. Tony remembered his earlier conversation with Rhodey on that subject all too well. "I don't keep track of his whereabouts," he lied. From Rhodes's snort and Steve's expression neither of them believed him.
Steve's eyes were unfocused. He shook his head violently. "None of you understand. I've been running on empty for so long. Like Bucky... but you... you're... I've tried. I know I've let you all down. I can't—" Tony could feel the shaking growing worse as he took more of Steve's weight. "Why... why would you want to help me...?" His eyes rolled upwards and he slumped into Tony's arms, bearing him to the floor.
," Danvers retorted, then added, "Why?" So she figured he was right.
Tony swung away. "So you're John Storm," he exclaimed, in what sounded like glee. "By the myriad tentacles of the Flying Spaghetti Monster, am I finally going to get to ask you who the hell would want to steal your dead sister's DNA?"
The cemetery was quiet and peaceful under the autumnal sun, though the wind was cold.
He was back within five minutes, with the news that no one was watching for them – at least, no longer watching for them, and would Captain Rogers be so kind as to throw their 'cargo' across to him.
"Still not convinced that Peggy's dead? Or not convinced that she's buried here?"
"Surely you just can't let Fury manipulate you like this—?" Tony began, but Steve rounded on him angrily.
"So you've replaced me with a computer program." The bitterness was no longer hidden. "And just who has replaced me in your bed, Tony?"
His progress became slower and slower as he ploughed through a morass of dead rushes and weeds— and ran into a tangle of branches. Peering between them, he could see a wall of mud that rose above his head, covered in scrub and crowned with a line of trees that looked as if they were about to topple on his head.
"I had. No longer."
"Do not be alarmed, gentlemen," N'kendi said. "The highway skirts the borders of the lands of the White Gorilla tribe; this will take us directly to royal village."
Tony's stomach clenched. "Yes, yes, yes," he said harshly. "Read them to me."
Tony flung himself into a chair and spun round several times. But waiting for Jarvis to crack the codes wasn't in his nature. He needed to share, but he was still furious with Pepper. Besides, this was Avengers' business, which meant that the only other person available who ought to hear it or see it or whatever he was going to find on the machine was Steve.
"And talk to Bruce," Steve said.
Hank, meanwhile, was standing at the far side of the conference table, his hands thrust into his pockets and a scowl on his face. As for his visitor, despite the immaculately tailored suit, so at odds with everything else Tony had seen him wearing, there was no mistaking the man seated at the conference table.
Tony was staring at her. "You know what happened."
Instantly, Tony decided to leave the almost impossible task of charming him to Natasha. Instead, he just nodded a greeting, though having Steve's body draped over his shoulder couldn't have made a good first impression. At least the support from the nanite armour made carrying him possible – though that may not have helped their image either.
"Out of your reach," Tony said. Also true. He hoped. At least his words might ease the pressure on Steve.
The hangar was further away than he had thought, its size deceiving him, though he had been here before. Despite his speed, it took him far too long to take shelter under the concave sidewall. Part of that had broken away, and Steve dived  through the gap, orientated himself, found a metal stairway and pounded up it, noting rust and bent metal as he went.
As the vehicles left the tarmac and took a paved road across flat grasslands dotted with acacia trees ghostly against the lightening sky, N'kendi said, "The journey will take about an hour. If you wish to discuss anything with me I will be glad to help; our monarch is most ... exacting ... in his demands and insists that all details are correct."
"Nope. Gold/titanium alloy but I'm negotiating vibranium. Thor's hammer is, apparently." Thor hadn't mentioned this titbit to the Avengers, but he had told Selvig, who had told SHIELD and Jarvis had dug it out of their databases. "I guess you're also an Asgardian?"
Now he was completely alone, save for Jarvis who was everywhere and nowhere, his other self. Even the helper bots had been left in New York.
Tony shook his head. "That whole section of the helicarrier had been destroyed," he said.
"Jarvis is wrong," Tony said cheerfully, rising to his feet.
Yogthulu's great head turned towards Jean.
"Jarvis, give that thing the works."
Tony inclined his head, because it didn't seem like that was actually a question.
"No one's dead, and no one has to die," Hennis growled in his ear. "Not if you cooperate. Now, let's go find Rogers."
"No, sir. He's in the swimming pool."
It's an uneasy morning after the night before...
Betty sighed. "Bruce told me he'd be safer – and other people would be safer – if he was well away from civilisation. I offered to join him, but he wouldn't tell me where he was. And neither would Jan," she added, with a mock glare in her friend's direction.
"Just so, sir. Do you also wish me to close the stable door?"
As they entered the house, Jarvis said, "The aircraft carrying Lieutenant Storm is due to land at Travis Air Force Base in seventeen minutes."
Steve's breath caught in his throat, and he found himself unable to look away, unable to speak, damn near unable to think...
"Not that much of a plan. Simply that Betty paid a visit—"
In the shared areas of the Avengers quarters, though, Tony had his own way. Not that Steve was allowed to use to kitchen area, because Tony had made it clear that he expected him in the penthouse or the workshop, if he happened to be there himself, for breakfast and dinner.
Tony forced himself to grin. "Only you can't master this device, because it needs to be touched by bare skin. I can testify to that. But you can't do that, can you? Because you're encased in steel, scared of your body—"
Somehow or other, Steve hung onto control, just as he hung onto Tony's hands, not allowing them to twist loose. "Perhaps it was your choice of company. Not particularly classy, Stark."
They were actually outside the building and making their way along a narrow pathway that rounded an ancient baobab tree when they came face to face with the real White Wolf, surrounded by the Hatut Zeraze.
Betty threw back her head and laughed.
As they entered the elevator, Jarvis informed them that Hank had called and left a message for Jan – which sent her hurrying to their quarters.
Ten minutes later Tony was staring resolutely into the blackness that surrounded the vehicle, carefully not watching Steve finish dressing. He wondered idly if their enemies were lurking beyond the cloak, waiting for it to drop before overwhelming them.
Steve didn't dare move, didn't dare say anything. His fingers were still tangled in Tony's hair, and his lips bruised and tingling from the kiss, the taste of Tony's tongue lingering on his.
"Between the explosion and the Hulk, every electronic circuit in the place has been blown," Tony told him. "We're out of touch with the outside world."
"Don't be ridiculous," Steve said, looking about him at a cluttered office space lit by nothing more than a bank of monitors. "No one knows we— Jesus!" There were two uniformed men in the room, one lying on the floor, one slumped over a desk beneath a bank of flickering screens.
"Jarvis says they’re either asleep or unconscious," Iron Man said, once he had recovered his equilibrium.
Steve shifted Tony into a fireman's lift, rose to his feet and said, "Jarvis, can you show me the way to a spare bedroom. Preferably one with glass in the windows and no leaks." He doubted very much that Tony wanted to wake up in the bedroom he had shared with Pepper.
"I never actually met Zola," Steve said absently. "Phillips dealt with him." His expression sharpened. "This is something to do with those files, yes?"
Fandral was nodding to himself. "You are wise to fear him," he said. "No, no, I fear him too, and I have been his comrade in arms. But Loki is imprisoned in a place tailored to his very nature, where any word spoken must be the absolute truth, a fitting prison for the Prince of Lies."
If it hadn't been for the beacon of light that was Stark Tower, Steve would have found it difficult to make his way through a nighttime New York that reminded him uncomfortably of wartime Blackouts. At least there were no buildings in flames to distract him, and the headlight on the Harley was perfectly legal, though he would probably not have considered weaving his way down the wrecked streets if he hadn't had enhanced senses and reflexes.
"Tell them both that I've got everything under control," Tony told her.
Iron Man flipped him the bird and shot upwards. As he rose through the air the communicators relayed his friends' voices as they entered the lobby.
Tony nodded. "That's no surprise. And neither Fury nor Pepper would have told you the true story."
This time yesterday he had been in the workshop with Tony. Acting (and Steve had no doubts about his function there) in the same capacity as one of the helper bots (but Tony loved those bots) was, in its own way, as intimate as being in bed with him.
"Are you saying he was Peggy's son?" Tony asked.
"He says it allows him to talk to aliens," Jan said airily, ignoring the man's expression. "We were testing it out when we heard—"
do you
A ball of light exploded from the palm throwing them both into the wall, but Steve hung on.
It hadn't been the entrance to a secret lab or missile silo, but to a trap.
"—has been made... temporarily... deaf," Jarvis finished.
It was another shameful thought.
"I see them, Jay."
Instead, Tony pushed him to arm's length and frowned at him.  "Hey, baby, just how far did you run this morning?"
"That concerns the kingship, not the Panther god."
Tony's eyebrows drew together, a danger sign she had learnt to recognise twenty years ago.
He'd underestimated the scale, too. The 'huts' were large, and clustered into linked groups of five or six. Ahead lay an inner compound, also surrounded by a barricade, but one apparently made from the same yellow substance as the hut walls. The SUVs stopped before high wooden gates with inlaid from top to bottom with ivory and bronze. Squinting against the reflected light, Tony could make out scenes depicting combat between men and ... gorillas? There were high lookout platforms on either side, manned by what appeared to be ceremonial warriors armed only with bows and spears.
"Well, thank you for finally being honest," Tony said, his voice raw with irony. "When you had no other choice!"
Jan said, in sudden alarm, "Our 'Unknown Enemies' have Bruce. D'you think they’ll be able to access the Oklahoma labs?"
The whole compound looked to be in chaos, with warriors running and dogs barking as the alarms sounded. But that, Steve saw immediately, was deceptive; the warriors were moving with purpose to pre-arranged stations. This wasn't panic, but a planned response.
But Jarvis?
When he charged into the Penthouse he found Steve standing with Bruce at his back, confronting Carter and Natasha.
"Do you mean before or after Mr Stark confronted Ms Potts over her involvement with SHIELD?" Jarvis sounded very dry, very ironic, very
"I don't think so," Steve said, but there was a touch of uncertainty in his voice. "When was he born?"
Steve left her to it and searched the leader of the mercenaries, finding what seemed to be a communication device pinned to the man's collar; he only hoped no one was trying to call him right now. A small device hooked to his weapons belt seemed more hopeful, with its little infinity symbol and 'look we're making this simple for idiots' on and off switch, and a bright red button with a sliding lock.
"Where is Tony now?" he asked, when he had his voice under control.
Then he was on his targets.
Like the World Security Council and their nuke.
Howard sighed, released Tony's arms, so he could run a hand through his hair. He was trying to smile, but Tony had known him too long to believe it was anything but forced. "You don't get enough sleep, son," he said. "Yes, I know I'm a fine one to talk – guess it must be genetic – but at your age you need your sleep. Maybe you should get some rest, join us later?
It was only thirty seconds later that Jarvis's voice rang over the comms: "Avengers, a large energy source has just appeared four hundred and twenty five yards, south south west, of the portal. It is rising into the air."
A second question was more difficult: which bank of the Sound to search first?
"What do you think?" Okoye asked. "How much explosive do we need?"
Instead, Steve broke eye contact. Turned away. "I haven't seen Sam since... since the showdown with Zemo," he admitted.
Steve had not protested about the wine, hoping that it would make Tony relax a little and, indeed, by the time they reached the ice cream and coffee the conversation had started to flow again, though neither of them referred to the angry exchange at the pool. There were odd pauses, though, and they had lost their physical easiness.
"Just taking precautions, sweetie. I'm not sure you're completely emotionally stable right now. And I've got to protect Hank's scientific funding source..."
Steve jumped clear.
"Nor do I," Xavier admitted. "This something new to me. I can confirm that you woke in restraints on the SHIELD helicarrier – and that is not an implanted memory but your own. But from before you fell? Only this. I cannot restore what does not exist."
Steve and Okoye crouched behind the parapet at the corner of the temple roof, hoping that all eyes were on the scene below them. Their view of the area within the panther-head entrance was restricted, but they could hear White Wolf quite clearly. Unfortunately for Steve, he was speaking Wakandan.
"But I can make your floor a priority—"
"Gotta calculate this right," Tony's voice said in his earpiece. "Miss and you'll be jelly—"
"You looked really cute then, Romanoff. I told Pep..." His voice faltered, and he cursed himself. "I told Pepper I wanted a Natalie Rushman of my very, very own."
"You okay, kid?" he asked her.
"Smartass." Tony wasn't sure if he meant the computer or Steve. "Tell him hands off."
He wasn't sure what he would do if they figured it out and tried to stop him.
Tony made a great effort, somehow managed to roll onto his back and into a new silence.
A grin began to spread across Tony's face. "Oh. I need to hack his computers again to find
The ripples, of course, meant that the wind was rising. Not that he was cold, between the steaming water and the overhead heaters.
"Huh?"
The fault in the jet engines still hadn't been isolated.
Tony cocked the glass at him. "My renewed 'most eligible bachelor' status?"
Tony had itched to go and see for himself, sure that he could sift details of the weapons and their power source from the remains that no one else could.
them."
"Jarvis?" he asked.
Doctor Morganti's home address was in eastern Pennsylvania, and the code for her workplace led to a SHIELD research station based – oh, this was interesting – in a pharmaceutical laboratory now mainly occupied by biochemists from Culver University.
"You can look elsewhere for wisdom. But I'm not going Zen on Fury. I need to be at my sharpest because the best way to keep him off balance is to keep needling him. And then there's something I have to deal with in New York ASAP that I don’t dare mess up."
The new knowledge was exhilarating and, surprisingly, made it easier to make it through the bouts of hateful flash-memories.
"I'm an Avenger; not a SHIELD agent."
"Oh?" Selvig looked sceptical. "You'd better not tell Jane. She's already furious with him for not looking her up after the Battle of Manhattan."
"Stark!" Now that was Fury. "Stand down! We have this under control."
But there had been no word from Thor, and that could only mean one thing: all hope was lost.
For a moment, hope flared. "Then how did you know I'd be in Seattle?"
It took Tony a few more seconds to gain enough breath to reply. "Fine. Winded. Check Steve."
Engraved glass doors led into a cool atrium, tiled with intricate patterns of cool blues, greens and browns. Steve had never been in North Africa, but he had seen similar tiles in Spain, and was impressed by the craftsmanship and design. However, he didn't have long to study them, as a woman in chef's white came bustling in. Small, slim and neat, she oozed professionalism.
Sif pulled the grey's reins over its head, and then looked down at Thor. "Are you sure you do not want me to accompany you?"
"As the Warriors Three and I have fought beside Thor, who could defeat all four of us at once, plus a small army. Perhaps Midgardians are not so different."
If it hadn't been for T'Challa's gift he would still have been waiting for enough fuel to be manufactured. He wondered how much the King of Wakanda knew or had guessed of his purpose. Too much, possibly.
"Hi, Julia. Is your Mom in? I sorta need to talk to her."
Tony distinctly heard Steve chuckle. "See you there."
Who would I send to lower my guard, to pump me about the Avengers?
"Yeah. He and Nat are trying to drink each other under the table."
Once they had finished eating, the Panther produced a small flask of what turned out to be some unidentifiable liquor, smooth on the throat and warm in the stomach.
"They'll be expecting us to make a run for it as soon as they realise we've escaped," Steve replied.
His head hit a cushion that wasn't as hard as it looked. In fact, his head sank into comfort. The blankets looked rough but were as soft as angora. He'd just... rest... for a... little while...
She didn't know. Not that it really mattered any more. His best protection was the truth. If a selective truth.
Jan gave her an unrepentant grin.
"Not me. I'm the only reason you get to land at Seattle or access to the Stark Special Projects facility," Tony said easily. "I'll be in the suit, guarding all of you from attack by our enemies – whoever they turn out to be."
Then Steve's hand tightened on Tony's arm in warning as half a dozen of the lightly armoured warriors came hurrying towards them, plainly relieved to see them and unsurprised at Tony's presence.
"So you got a good look at my 'dark side'," Steve muttered. "Shame you didn't take any notice."
Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck...
Tony didn't want to answer that, but he could not stop his muscles from tensing at the reminder, or his intake of breath.
Cap's shield was lying perhaps ten feet away, the remnants of its canvas case smouldering in the grass around it. The paint job wasn't even scorched so it was probably no more than warm.
"You aren't an employee, Stark."
"I'm going to kill Fury," Tony said.
It was still night as they came in to land, somewhere, Tony estimated, near the equator in eastern Africa, perhaps not all that far from the Indian Ocean. No lights were visible through the windows except the white and yellow dots marking a single runway. The lighting was sophisticated but, despite the surprising length of the runway, the airport wasn't large, to judge by the lack of taxi area lighting.
"Nope. Things happened kinda fast."
"No, you'd just ask questions – but I don't want him to know you're here, so button it, Rogers."
"I knew that." Tony was leaning forward, forearms on the table, eyes intent on Steve's face.
"My fault," he admitted instead. "Not sure how I'll make it up to you."
"Either the guys in there are watching hot porn or something's wrong," Tony said. "Stand back, Cap. I'm going to laser the lock—"
Unable to speak, Steve nodded against his hand.
"I'm not going to do anything. I'm going to hand it over to experts. Want to come with me?"
Danvers was still looking around wildly, then her shoulders hunched as she glared at Steve. "You want my serial number too? Yeah, I'm Danvers. Who was that? Who the fuck are you? And where's Stark?"
Tony had forgotten how much he loved the cabin on the lake. He had mainly come here with his father's butler, Edwin Jarvis, who had, surprisingly, taught him to paddle a canoe, to sail and fish, and later to shoot. Lori had taught him to ride, her father to drive, and those occasions where Howard had joined them had been the happiest of his life. It was only later that he understood how difficult it had been for his father to visit this place where he had spent such happy times with his wife.
He hated himself that that gave him hope.
He flung himself into his chair and spun it several times before asking the question that was bothering him most. "Jarvis, where the hell is Steve anyway?"
"Thor's in Asgard, and who knows if he'll ever return," Tony went on as if he hadn't heard him. "The Widow and Hawkeye are back with SHIELD. I offered to get StarkLegal to break their contracts and they laughed at the idea."
"In which case it'll be all over the net in twenty seconds," Tony said, with a sigh. "Jarvis, has SHIELD put out an alert to look for Cap?"
And he and Steve should be helping with the rescue but, fuck it, Iron Man and Captain America would be no more use... less use... than the first responders and SHIELD agents. "We can't let them have Natasha and Clint."
Jan put a hand on Steve's arm. "Steady, Steve. Tony is surprisingly difficult to kill. He went missing in Afghanistan for three months."
It turned out to be astonishingly easy. Plainly, the builders had assumed that fear of the Panther God would be enough to keep intruders at bay. The stone at the rear of the temple was more rough-hewn, heavily weathered and easy to climb. It took them less than a minute to scale it and, crouching low, make their way across the roof, which formed a square around what Steve presumed was an open light well in to the temple.
He had heard nothing from Fury. Nothing at all.
Maybe Steve should have kept the White Wolf costume after all. It was good for a laugh, with that cape and those shoulder pads.
"Hi, Legolas," he greeted, forcing cheerfulness into his voice. "Got something interesting to tell me? Is our Golden Oldie Agent Agent's granddad or an extra from
"Power's out all over the building but Jarvis says there's some sort of knockout  gas being fed through the air conditioning so you'd better be— whoa!"
"Don't go."
"Did he? He never shut up about you after it."
He opened his eyes a slit.
"You called him 'Steve'," Clint growled.
The voice was drowned as thunder boomed. Something hit the armour hard, lifting the Iron Man from the roof and sending him somersaulting wildly. His arm hit something—
The Ancient One was nodding. "So the Soul Stone is destroyed – or at least shattered."
"What's Thor to you?"
This was no place for his playboy persona, and no place either for the smartass genius that was the closest he dared come with other people to who he really was. Okay, time for tough-businessman-Tony-Stark to put in an appearance, with the smartass genius in reserve.
He cast a careful look over her to make sure she was unhurt, then turned towards the limo. Its driver had not moved. "Happy..."
He was also naked, except for his boxers.
"Why?" Natasha asked. "She's Margaret Carter's great-niece, one of SHIELD's most effective agents and—"
It took Tony a second or so to see the implications of that. "So you're now ready to admit that Steve really is Captain America?"
What's that?" Steve was balancing on the balls of his feet, ready to move fast if necessary.
Volstagg ('the Voluminous' according to Fandral, whom Steve was not always inclined to believe) turned out to be full of entertaining stories of his own past, of Thor, Sif, Fandral, Hogun and sometimes Loki, though he never spoke that name without contempt. Yet Steve occasionally noticed a hesitation in the practiced flow, as if he was editing someone out of the narrative. He was also, Steve came to realise, as kind as he was large and that the insults he received from Thor, Fandral and Sif were simply affectionate teasing.
When he entered, he found Thor was leaning against the wall beside the door, and no longer wearing his armour. However, the jeans and tight red tee only served to emphasise his size and muscle, and with his hammer lying on his crossed arms, he was plainly guarding the exit.
"Your personal escort calling," Iron Man's voice interrupted. "There's an unidentified contact below us."
Steve stared helplessly at his reflection in the screen of the laptop which had gone black of its own accord about fifteen minutes ago.
And got the grin he was hoping for, "Nothing stops me accepting those, Stark. But you used to be a patriot. Now you're selling technology that could give the US a huge technical and economic advantage to our rivals while destroying huge swathes of our economic base."
He could have been there now, but it wasn't the same without Tony, who was so much brighter, so much more experienced than he was...
Fandral considered him carefully, then resumed his seat beside the bed. "Thor has not given me leave to speak of this, but then he has not forbidden it either. We will make a pact, the two of us. I will tell you what happened, and then you will sleep. Satisfactory?"
Hank and Jan were in what had been Bruce's lab, and in constant touch with Jarvis.
She covered her dismay quickly, but Tony knew her too well to miss it, or that she hesitated just an instant too long before trying for puzzlement. "What? What's SHIELD got to do with—?"
"No. Tell him I'll be there in a few minutes. And he'd better have that coffee ready and waiting!" Damn it, he'd been tortured by terrorists and survived to build the miniature ARC reactor and the first of the Iron Man suits. He'd survived Obie's treachery. And Vanko – though Hammer's involvement had given him better odds there. He could survive anything.
"Doctor Elizabeth Ross. She's at Culver, in West Virginia."
Trapped without cover, knowing he couldn't cover all three hundred and sixty degrees, he skittered backwards on the boot-jets, still fending off the things with his repulsors, until Steve Rogers – Captain America – was in position at his back, batting away the incoming spinning blades with his shield in a continuous fireworks display. That was only to be expected: according to his father the shield was probably capable of repelling an atomic blast.
"Just had an idea about that," Tony's voice said in his earbud as they lifted off. "Roller skates, or perhaps roller blades. Maybe I could adjust the repulsors to make wheels..."
They had turned three of the sharp bends when alarms started bellowing deafeningly all about them. At least, he took the noises like an elephant trumpeting to be alarms of some kind.
"I'm fine," Steve lied. "For a second there, I thought... but it wasn't Peggy. The accent wasn't quite perfect, and whoever it was didn't age the voice enough, even before she stopped acting."
"And you," Tony retorted, because, well, Steve was as easy on the eye as any lab assistant – or, for that matter, model or actor – he'd ever met. "Come on, human perfection, what have you and my sassy AI been conspiring about?"
what you mean," Bruce said with feeling. "College boards are no different."
"You have no say
T'Challa, still in the White Wolf suit, but with the mask shoved back and his arms bound to his sides, was standing facing another White Wolf – no, think of him as Hunter, otherwise it was too confusing. One of the foreigners, a leader of some kind to judge by his shoulder patches, was standing between them, looking from one to the other with a dark-blond eyebrow raised.
"John Storm," Danvers prompted. "Blond guy. Got his wings. Astronaut training. Came in on a transport two hours ago? Over."
Tony had already alerted the emergency services using Extremis, and the Navy and Air Force had weighed in with, "We're on our way, Iron Man."
could tear your head off. Though he'd probably just punch you out." He didn't know why he was fighting so hard to keep Steve's death a secret. Maybe because if he didn't say it, it wouldn't be real. And there was still that chance, calculated at between point three and point eight five per cent that Thor had been able to save him, that he was still alive in Asgard.
"What happened at the Malibu house, Tony?" Pepper asked at last.
"Completed and tested, sir. You may load them whenever you wish."
"So I guess we're stuck. Might as well enjoy ourselves while we're here." It wasn't much warning, but Tony knew how quick Steve was at picking up on the most oblique of cues, so he was confident as he reached out a hand, hooked his arm around Steve's neck and pulled him into the sort of embrace that could have only one purpose.
"In addition, he told me Washington's buzzing with rumours. Hurricanes don't just come to a grinding halt for hours, then suddenly change course and head off into the Atlantic, where they fizzle out. Add in the reports of both Thor and Iron Man seen separately heading into the storm—"
After a while, Steve said, "I wanted... the first time I did that, to be perfect for you, the way you made it perfect for me."
"Precisely because it would have taken a year, if you had agreed to see us at all. The guns got your attention. Also," Hennis grinned nastily, and Tony decided he preferred the blank look, "it sorta equalises the situation, you having one of the world's most advanced weapons at your disposal."
Before today, Steve would have probably snorted and ignored him, careless of his own safety and impatient with any suggestion of caution from the notably   reckless Tony Stark. But everything had changed: not his feelings, but the knowledge that Tony reciprocated them, that he – that they – had a chance to make something together.
"What makes you think I'm anywhere near New York right now?"
And why did Fury continue to ignore both his presence here and the attempted storming of Stark Tower?
The self-styled Master kept his silence for perhaps ten seconds longer, and then, just as Tony opened his mouth to speak again, he stepped back from the open door and ushered them into the lobby. Tony immediately recognised the staircase through which Bruce would crash at some time in the future and the leaded-light window above it. Not to mention the Cauldron of whatever.  On the other hand, the room was more cluttered with glass cases than when he had last seen it, making it look like a museum. Though as what he did remember was a room that looked as if the Hulk had smashed it – though he hadn't, except for the stairs, and those by accident – so perhaps it was an unfair comparison.
"Cargoflow Airlines pilot."
"Our cue," Danvers said. "You want to drag out one of the prisoners for them to take a look?"
"Count on it," Fury said dryly.
Maybe coming here wasn't the right decision but the alternatives looked much less promising; even, in some cases, disastrous, not just for him, Natasha and Steve, but for the world... the timeline.
"Are you sure you're alright?" Steve asked him, voice and body both stiff with tension. "This was why I needed to leave, because I wanted to hit you and your ribs are bruised and you have restricted lung capacity and unless you put on the damn suit I'd seriously hurt you."
Then, in the army, he'd unlearned all of that, learned instead to catch sleep anywhere and everywhere, in each quiet or noisy moment, however cold, wet or uncomfortable he might be at the time.
"I wondered why she kept glaring at me," Natasha replied, holding out a hand to haul him to his feet. "And you need to take a look at how you see yourself."
For once, Tony was proved wrong. An unlocked door opened into a tunnel, some ten feet wide, apparently running beneath the creek. Within fifty yards it started rising. A few feet further on they came across a control panel which Tony immediately recognised as similar to the one that lowered the ramp into the main tunnel leading from outside the valley to the laboratory complex. Seconds later, the wall at the end of the tunnel rolled to one side, and they walked out into the main tunnel to find themselves at the end of the ramp that led up into the storage complex. This was, plainly, the way Howard had used to bring in supplies.
will get the military baying for Steve's blood – and I mean that quite literally."
"You may have endangered the future of this planet and all life on it, Pepper."
"Tony," Steve's voice was as low as he could make it and still be heard through the faceplate. "Call your armour back."
"Such arrogance."
"There's a new orbiter?" Jan asked, her voice sharp. "NASA's been keeping that quiet. Steve?"
Tony rose into the air, weapons clicking into place.
"I thought you didn't believe we had souls."
"This is the place," Tony's voice said. "Looks like it wasn't touched by the battle."
he reached for it in relief, with only a mumbled "excuse me" before he picked up. "Yes, Jarvis?"
"You're going to regret leaving your pants behind," Tony said. He was staring, a big grin on his face. Not for the first time, Steve wondered if this was an attempt to embarrass him or if he really was... interested.
Not for the first time, Steve wished his mother hadn't been so adamant about the use of foul language...
That gossip might, in itself, be interesting...
"Shields to maxim—" Tony yelled at Jarvis before being silenced as Iron Man was tossed aside by the storm of falling rock, which battered him to the floor, burying him beneath its weight, leaving Tony bruised and gasping.
"That's for Tony to deal with, not you."
Landing neatly on the roof of a nearby building, they leaned on the parapet, watching military and civilian workmen swarm around the silvery bulk of the downed Chitauri troop carrier.
Regaining control of the Iron Man armour, Tony lowered them both to the hangar roof, now with an inconvenient hole about six feet wide bitten out of the edge below where the portal had been.
That, Steve thought, was dreadfully unfair. He wished he'd gotten his own question in first.
Steve's eyes were a little unfocused as he frowned into the distance, staring at the wall. "She said, 'War Machine was spotted over the coast twenty miles from here four days ago.' Five days now," Steve added. "She didn't say who spotted War Machine or how she knew about it."
"So Pepper said. Betcha you're glad I brought the suitcase armour. Not so obsolete after all. What can we do to help?"
"Deliberately give your life for mine. No." He put his fingers on Steve's lips. "Hear me out.
He was beginning to regret his precipitate decision to confront Wakanda on its own ground, but Steve's solid presence beside him was a comfort. That they were both unarmed bothered him, though, and he hated being out of touch with Jarvis even more.
"I've been researching this Captain America guy and I don't think for one moment I could have been him. He was supposed to have been treated with this super-soldier serum, right? One of the things it is reported is giving him is a perfect memory. I don't remember anything! Even if I were Steve Rogers, I could have been brainwashed. I've been looking up the techniques. I may have been put here to spy on you, or SHIELD. I could be the worst danger you've ever faced."
After replacing his sneakers – his feet might be wet but he needed the traction – Tony moved in close to the cliff, leaning against to the rock face, checking every bump and hollow. Eventually, he focused on a jagged crack running near vertically down the cliff from a couple of feet above his head to disappear into the stones under his feet.
Tony's guts were melting, turning to jello, if jello had been heated to the boiling point, as memories flooded back. But the most vivid were not of his own sensations, but of Steve's reactions, of the way he had given himself completely into Tony's hands, submitted – Captain America, who could break him in half with his bare hands, had submitted to him openly and enthusiastically – his quiet moans, pleas, the way his hands had gripped the pillows convulsively at each thrust...
"Perhaps that's for the best," Steve suggested. "As it stands, it's going to revolutionise logistics."
"Hey, not my fault. Not this time. It blew itself up. Some sort of built in self-destruct," Tony explained.
The man who had designed it sat slumped on a tool chest, leaning his back against the wall, with three very odd machines clustered around him like giant dogs. He had a full highball glass of some amber liquid clutched in both hands, and the whole room stank of alcohol.
"Tony asked me to produce evidence of what had happened to Peggy Carter," Natasha said. "He also asked me to keep Sharon – who is Peggy's great-niece and your only link to her – away from you, Cap. I have my own suspicions about his motives, which probably aren't in your best interests."
He had meant to say it aloud, but that didn't seem possible. Nor was it a name, but a broadcast of recognition.
"That's odd," Steve was saying. "There's always security here."
"Then stop worrying about leaving bodies," Tony ordered, "and stay safe, all three of you."
But Howard was shaking his head. "No normal human can move that fast, or is that strong."
"Yes and yes. Though not right at this moment, kiddo."
Pepper had changed when he'd made her CEO, just as he'd changed after the Ten Rings had kidnapped him. After the Battle of Manhattan they'd settled into new roles but he suspected that neither of them had recognised the changes in the other until it was too late.
"We can certainly aid each other," Tony said. "First, I need my armour. That means either retrieving the watch White Wolf took from me—"
"Yeah, I bet he is. Keep digging, Jarvis. "
Only Miss Potts was something far from professional to Tony.
"Travis? Travis Air Force Base?" Tony had the awful feeling he sounded as bewildered as he felt.
Which was distinctly unfair. If there had been any chance of an accident Tony would not have allowed Pepper to arrange for it to take place in the full glare of publicity, and he would have been suited up himself.
"SHIELD?" Jan's eyebrows had drawn together and there was a note in her voice that was all too familiar. "Hank thought we were being watched. You didn't tell us, Jarvis?"
"Put him through here, Jarvis." Steve sat back and waited for Bruce's familiar face to appear.
And his reluctance to speak was telling its own story.
But it wasn't the glory of that autumn morning that etched that breakfast onto the memory of the three people bickering amiably in the penthouse kitchen, not even that it was the last moment of calm before the approaching storm, but that it was the last time that the three of them would eat breakfast there together.
Besides, people were beginning to turn their heads to look at them, some with disapproving frowns, some with indulgent smiles. Tony wasn't sure which he hated most. So he took Pepper's hand and led her quickly – well as quickly as she could manage in those heels – out onto the balcony that embraced the window wall that almost circled the house, giving spectacular views of Long Island Sound and the lights of New York's towers in the far distance. They would still be in view from inside, but that was, in itself, a kind of protection.
Carefully, he shifted Tony onto his side, put a cushion under his head and eased his shoes off his feet, then took the comforter from DUM-E and tucked it around him.
Something wasn't right here. The mixture of outdated fortification and ancient weapons did not square with the airfield, roads and SUVs. Those spears and arrows must be more than they seemed – unless they were a diversion, camouflage – and he would bet that that the thorn fence around the outer compound wasn't thorn at all but some unidentifiable alloy masquerading as thorn.
"So, have you got a final updated will for me to sign?" Tony asked, after the usual friendly greetings and enquiries about her sons and daughter had elicited a positive response. "Incorporating the amendments I sent you yesterday?"
"I was... I was searching for... something. Somethings. I think at the end everything came together and, just for a moment, I knew I'd succeeded, that I'd found it. I was... well, whole. Then I wasn't. When I woke up in the workshop only seconds had passed. And I had a splitting headache. Which you do not want."
the hotel's alarms have already been disabled," Tony went on. "Remember the last time one of us went through a window into a room that had been booby-trapped?”
"Steve?"
"Jarvis, where's Captain America now?"
For a moment he thought Steve wasn't going to answer, then he said, "They're forget-me-nots."
"Indeed."
"I was not running!" Steve knew he was being childish but Tony in this mood brought out the worst in him without any effort at all.
"A cou— I need to see you now, man. I've got messages I can't—"
Steve was breathing hard, seemingly unable to gather enough words to answer. Finally, it came. "I couldn't call Sharon – she'd told me she'd have to arrest me. Sam... vanished. I thought Nat might... I called her. She said she couldn't help. That she had no power to help, that she couldn't take the risk. She told me to come to you."
"Well, well, visitors from Asgard," Tony said out loud, trying to keep his voice steady, despite his heart thundering in his ears, his breathing quickening.
Tony's knife continued its precise clatter against the board. "According to Dr Henry Pym you have Captain America's DNA, and, according to Dad, you have his powers and skill set."
"In the penthouse kitchen having lunch with Dr Banner. He asked me to call him if you woke up while he was gone so he could bring you your coffee."
Steve gathered what little will he had left for one final effort. "Asgard... cannot... come... rainbow bridge... broken." He as pretty sure he did not say the words, that his lungs were blocked, his throat seared and frozen, his heart no longer beating. "Dissolve... magic... otherwise... we're both dead."
Tony ignored him, concentrating on the familiar part of Selvig's Tesseract analysis. If you factored in influence of Dark Matter—
Finally, though, SHIELD released him, and he blasted up as high and fast as the suit could take him.
They ate the pasta in near silence. Tony had arrived bearing a bottle of red wine and wearing, not the jeans and tee Steve had expected, but a formal suit that made Steve feel under-dressed in his chinos and wife-beater.
Steve scowled. "Vibranium. That's damn rare."
"Jarvis does that," Tony said calmly.
But Okoye shushed him to silence as White Wolf spoke again.
"In this case, you will. No science-babble this time, Steve. Betty – my fellow researcher into gamma rays – emailed Jan, or, rather, she emailed Jarvis, who she thinks is a flesh and blood person, for Jan's dropbox. Don't look at me like that – Tony told her Jarvis was head of security for Stark Industries."
"I fear my anger had the better of me," Thor admitted.
That made their imprisonment even more unfortunate.
Steve gave himself up totally to the kiss, to the taste of Tony's mouth, the press of his lips and tongue, the scratch of his beard, the hard scrape of the edges of the Iron Man helmet...
It was then that he noticed that someone had thoughtfully left both painkilling tablets and a couple of bottles of water on the bedside table.
"And maybe that would be true, sir. I'm sorry. All the same, I didn't do anything that could be taken as dumping her. Not without a lot of imagination."
"Do you think I don't realise that?" Steve's voice broke on the last word.
"Then, fair trade, Pepper, I have to be Steve," he said, which made her laugh, and that was delightful.
"Could have been. More likely the Pentagon."
"He is asking if you are awake. And if he may speak with you."
Suddenly feeling much more cheerful, Tony took the path someone – probably Bruce and Hank, under instruction from Jan – had cleared to allow access to the pool, then waded out into the grass until it came up to his knees rather than his waist.
"An artist's memory," Tony observed. "Dad mentioned that."
"I wish you'd trust me," Steve added wistfully.
The hotel itself was disconcerting; at once what a few months ago in his own timeline had been a familiar if slightly dated style and at the same time disturbingly changed.
"Already on it."
"What? Yogthulu?" Tony sounded sceptical.
were trying to revive Ultron in an upgraded body."
Tony was pretty damn sure that Hank was laughing at him, but he kept his expression neutral as he made a show of shaking his sleeves into place and pacing out of the room as if he wore a dress in public every day.
"I fear it might have been a mistake to teach Loki how to summon the Ravens," the blonde woman – Thor's mother? Frigga? – admitted.
And, dammit, Steve didn't know what Tony was agreeing with.
"I am extremely thankful, my dear," Clea said, pushing back the two long curls that had fallen onto her forehead, so they stood up above the rest of her hair like twisted horns. "And this is no time for any of us to quarrel."
"The names of those the Avengers think are part of group planning a coup d'état here are now on Julia's laptop, which is more secure than yours. And she's been using yours to monitor what I've been saying," Tony said. "Trust us both, Alison."
"Nothing would give me greater pleasure," he said. Then, because he couldn't resist it: "Can I tell him that if the helicarrier enters your airspace you will shoot it down?"
"Hurry it up," a voice said, much clearer because it was angry.
"I could fly the suit right now," Tony protested, because he knew Steve wouldn't let him attempt it.
"I would if I could, but she's, y'know, dead. Very dead. Blown to little pieces in a vacuum dead."
"Pep, you look great," Tony said, putting more emotion than he felt into his voice, though the Martini had given him a faint buzz that was helpful. He was still vaguely detached from what was happening around him, had been ever since he had fallen in the workshop.
"I could ask the same of you, sir. Despite you being within satellite coverage, you vanished completely from my tracking. When will you be arriving?"
"And we need a backup if and when Jarvis is off line. Like right now."
"I'll give the Sorcerer Supreme your diagnosis – and open a portal for you in the garden."
"Steve's fine," Natasha said. "Still in California."
The sound of repulsors powering up told him that the War Machine was preparing to take off.
"Should we be?" Tony's expression was innocence itself. "It can be arranged. But you have my word that no one who isn't here right now can hear us."
"There wasn't anyone else, wasn't another way out."
"Excuse me, Ms Romanoff, but that is not the case," Jarvis said. "There have been no wifi communications, either at the Triskelion or the helicarrier, or between them since the evening of the ninth. There is none now."
"Jan?" The distorted Iron Man voice echoed about the cave, somehow making the ensuing silence far worse. A patter from still-falling pebbles made him jump. "Jan!"
. You're Van Dyne."
"Tony, I know it's not really my business, but you look feverish..."
"Tony," Steve said. "Didn't you say that it was a theoretical paper of Richards that put you on to repulsor tech?"
With a sigh, Tony turned his back to the wall and slid down until he was sitting with his arms clasped around his knees.
"At once, sir."
"She didn't buy it."
She jumped up onto the parapet, then took a flying leap beyond it, into the air, spinning as she fell, and kicking out to knock North's gun aside.
Pepper stared at it for a moment, then plainly dismissed it as unimportant. "We're running into trouble with some of the overseas Stark Energy subsidiaries you asked me to set up," she told him briskly. "There's more than one government saying they won't allow us in except in partnership. They want access to the ARC tech."
Steve stopped listening. All his instincts were telling him that he was being lied to, distracted, even if it was by a computer. Because Stark, unlikely nurse though he was, had been genuinely worried about him, and genuinely reluctant to leave him to Jarvis's ministrations.
"Yes, sir, Captain, sir," Tony snarked, but there was no force behind it. It sounded like banter with a friend. Which is what it felt like.
As soon as the metal arm released its grip, he leaped away, swinging to face the man in the strange armour, ready to do battle, but with a bone¬ deep assurance that it wouldn't be necessary.
"Jean." Tony took off at a run, slithering down-slope towards the lake. He could hear Steve's feet following, coming closer, and then the other man was past him, running at a pace he could not hope to match.
Her eyes went possibly even wider. "Am-er-can?"
"And he was right. Sorta," Steve said. "If you hadn't gone AWOL you'd already know that."
"Tony, are you—? God, what happened? Are you all right?" Even as he spoke Howard was kneeling at his son's side.
"Armour?" Tony asked, pleased that his voice was working.
but couldn't name, said, "You've got him, Captain. He's okay now. You've got him."
The coffee helped, and both smoothie and pancakes were excellent, though his stomach made his comments for him. He was lucky his companions were too polite to say anything.
While Steve had had to admire the way Tony had sneakily passed on the first aid chores to the security guards, in order to distract them from investigating the arroyo or what Iron Man was doing in it, he was not about to let him get away with sidelining him again. The first time had been annoying enough, even though he would have been of little use to Tony in the dark, as he didn't have a personal light in his chest and an armoured suit to protect him. Nor could he let Tony know how much pain he was in right now, any more than he had then.
Oddly, Steve avoided his eyes, saying merely, "Water, meds, then coffee if you can keep the water down."
Steve was grateful for Thor's supporting hand as the elevator shot upwards.
"Welcome to our world," Tony said. "And please go on."
"Well, you have good ideas. Get SAF/AQ to commission Stark Industries to produce—" "
Tony widened his eyes at him. "I'm all grown up now, Dad," he pointed out. "You don't get to regulate my caffeine intake."
not true and nearly dying on her far too often—"  Tony finally took a breath and a mouthful of whisky, presumably because he needed both to continue. "She also pointed out that I hadn't actually given up building weapons, just taken up building them for myself and my friends, which is also not fair as Rhodey
The robes turned out to be surprisingly cool, despite draping as if they were heavy. They were also soft, and rich with gold thread which turned into embroidery at the cuffs and collars.
And there was the 'sacred' mountain, right where he remembered it. He'd memorised their path from T'Challa's secret cave when they'd left, less than two days ago. It seemed like a lifetime.
He had picked up half a dozen of the larger splinters when an achingly familiar voice spoke from the air, "Iron Man, Ms Rushman, I suggest you vacate the premise and take your friend with you. I have disabled the elevators temporarily."
Hawkeye would probably kill to get his hands on those arrowheads.
In a way, he'd been grateful for the distraction, though he wasn't looking forward to reading the mass of files downloaded onto his StarkPad. He'd've already been immersed in them, except for the trouble refuelling the jet.
It was enough to confirm his guess. "But you wanted to be a fashion designer, right?"
"Iron Man?"
"Jarvis, take over!" Tony ordered, but Jarvis was gone.
Damn it, Steve had died to save him. The least he could do in his friend's memory was rescue Bruce.
"I cannot tell a lie; those too."
"Do you think it's important?"
"Good." Well, it was good that they were close and could take over here, but bad, really bad, that they just happened to be close to the Stark Installation. Even worse if they were here because he was...
The black and gold limo was just coming to a stop, not in a parking space but in front of the elevator. The doors opened, and a fair-haired man in Air Force blues jumped out, holding the door open for Jan, in her Wasp outfit—
"What?" Tony heard the rising note of near hysteria in his own voice and fought to bring it down to a near whisper. "What on Earth were you doing in the bathroom for nearly an hour? Steve?"
She was also one of his father's inspirations. He had seen brilliance in the struggling young lawyer and brought her into the Stark Industries fold, offering her promotion and recognition and a salary that had exceeded her wildest dreams.
But not on the drone.
He hurriedly dropped his hand, all too aware of the heat rising into his face, but he didn't have a chance to stumble through an apology because Jan threw herself at him.
Tony's mind made one of those sudden leaps for which he was, in some circles, infamous. "Jarvis," he said, for the AI's metaphorical ears alone, "have any of the Arctic Exploration vessels, iced superheroes for the finding of, been leased out at any time during the past three years? If so, to whom?"
Honing in on Steve's signal brought him under the edges of the supercell – if that was what it was – and he gasped in shock. Below him, buildings had been reduced to rubble, while ahead, dark funnels of wind danced through the suburbs, sweeping up everything in their path.
The phone rang half a dozen times on the speakers before the tone ceased and some background noise – a TV or radio, maybe – became suddenly audible, but there was a perceptible pause before a crisp female voice with an educated English accent said, "Carter residence."
"Oh, and Steve, Carol wants to know if we're headed back to LA."
Tony was kissing his hair.
"As you wish, sir."
"The Masters are gathered."
The man in black did not take his eyes from Steve, but, "My profound apologies, Mr Stark," he said. "If I hadn't given you reason to trust me, you would not have been tricked into coming here."
But gasoline was gushing onto the concrete floor.
At his signal, Jarvis cut the contact.
"That's the helicarrier up there, arriving late as usual," Tony said. "I'll talk to Fury about dealing with your 'bombs'. Can I trust you not to run for it?"
Steve's expression was now controlled, his eyes stony. "I'm not very happy about it either," he said, his voice betraying the emotions boiling inside him.
on the radar, and massed population on the infrared. We suited up, Bruce hulked out, and we went in."
It was not enough. Even as he turned towards the portal to follow, it exploded. The shock wave smashed into Iron Man and hurled him straight into one of the portico pillars.
Even if Tony hadn't been out beyond the fuselage, surfing the wind in the Iron Man suit – and maintaining strict radio silence – they couldn't have shared anything, really, not a fleeting kiss, a swift hug, even though Danvers was currently in the cockpit with Jan and Clint, because John Storm, not to mention Natasha and Hank, were still within view.
was all he had time to think before the edges of the expanding cone of fire caught him and the light and sound greyed out his world.
Tony shrugged. "Sleep is for wimps."
"What does it say?" Tony asked, with real interest, edging towards Steve in the hope of reading it over his shoulder.
It would be so hard to leave.
It was Tony's voice.
"And you really, really want to know what Vita-rays do, apart from activating the Erskine serum, that is."
Tony was looking... stunned? "Christ, Steve. That's... Look, you think I don't— I know exactly what it's like to lose you, and that's been the worst... It's been worse than being tortured in a cave in Afghanistan, worse than dying of lithium poisoning, worse than falling through space, worse than finding out Pepper had betrayed me, worse than anything. If you care about me at all, Steve, you won't put me through this again. Please."
"He'd gotten lost," Lori said. "I was bringing up some more supplies when I met him. I listened to him, moved the packs to my mare then stuck him on the packhorse, and brought him up here. Figured you could handle him."
Steve, who was looking stunned, nodded.
"Pay heed to my mother, Captain," Thor said, with a bow in Frigga's direction. "You can see that she rules even in my own house."
Seconds later, water heaved into the air and just behind it came the muffled sound of an explosion. A wave, taller than the swell, came rolling in to crash against the cliffs, spray raining down on the house.
"That seemed logical. I tested it on a small piece of Chitauri machinery. The result was spectacular. I'm going to take better precautions when I test it on a tissue sample, but I'm willing to bet the results will be the same."
Time for new beginnings.
Steve looked at the small piles and did a mental check. Apart from two of the ubiquitous tablets and a small tool pack, it pretty much matched the gear he had stowed into the duffle a few minutes before, save that Tony's tee shirts were mostly red. "Looks okay to me."
"Then we'd better go back and make sure it's secure," Steve said, and someone was tugging his other arm, so it looked like his team mates had him trapped between them.
"Right." Tony reached for a tablet and began sketching, the design appearing in the air in front of him. With his right hand, he was tapping figures onto a keypad, without a single glance either down or to where the numbers were appearing in the air.
"Bye, Tony." Then, formally, "Banner out."
"Don't be so sure of that," Steve said, and his glance flickered to Tony as he spoke, his lips quirking in a small smile.
Summoning all of his will, he shoved the pain and fear to the back of his mind, making himself think clearly. It wasn't only his consciousness that was at stake, but Natasha's.
Meanwhile, Tony was greeting the gorgeous redhead with obvious delight. "Jean, it's great to see you."
"You gonna call your armour?" Steve asked, as Bruce and Tony climbed round and over each other, and Bruce settled behind the wheel.
"What's happened?" Steve asked, shouldering his way into a silk shirt.
Besides, he had a suspicion who they were going to meet, a suspicion that was confirmed when they landed at a small airport not far out of Tulsa, changed into nondescript coveralls and picked up a delivery truck  onto which they loaded the crates from Tony's workshop.
This one, though, seemed permanent and stable, a ring of crackling blue energy sitting in the middle of a concrete floor, with vehicles and stacks of packing crates surrounding it.
Steve looked up into Howard's eyes, so like his son's. "Maybe they can trigger me. Maybe I'm meant to gain your confidence and destroy you. I don't know!"
"He was in Washington at the Triskelion. He will be here in—" Hill glanced at the dash display. "—seven minutes."
They needed no words. They had not needed words since the battle of Manhattan. Finding the correct controls, Tony sent the vehicle backwards and to the right.
As he came out of the doors, with security in pursuit because he had hurdled the barriers and not handed in his temporary pass, the armour – the Mark VIIA – was waiting for him, gleaming red and gold in the sunlight, surrounded by its own admiring crowd with their phones raised in photographic worship. Tony spread his arms wide and it assembled around him, though he had to lift his feet in turn for the boots.
Steve shifted slightly to allow him greater access, and Tony's grip tightened reflexively even as he shoved upwards, the head of his cock pushing against Steve's balls. Steve gasped and, unable to contain his reaction, flung his head back as Tony nipped at his throat.
Tony opened his mouth to yell a protest, and it was then that the explosion tore up the road where the car would have been if it hadn't been skidding across dirt inches from the drop to the creek.
"That one was black. It sort of got in the way of the armour. And the roof."
"I said, 'Shut up!" Tony snarled, slamming both fists down on the workbench. "Shut up! Shut up!"
Tony heard nothing, but Thor plainly did, for after a short pause he continued, "That does not matter to me. If the Allfather did not choose to pursue you then, I doubt he will do so now. But you may have to answer to me..." The voice was very close now.
"I don't think you would, willingly. Just don't underestimate your effect on him when you're making your choices."
He was far too big to sit properly at the pilot's station, and most of the controls made no sense, but that had to be the control stick, and that jerking needle must indicate the speed at which the wings were flapping, so the lever beneath it probably controlled that... and there was a rudder bar on the floor which probably controlled the position of that long tail...
Natasha was staring at Jan. "I've seen your face before. On the cover of
Steve gave Tony a sharp look.
Being stealthy in red and gold battle armour with brightly glowing eyes and a blazing light in his chest plate wasn't exactly easy, but now the sun had dipped below the cloud layer it began to look possible. He circled back to come in from the west, where he would be no more than a black dot on the face of the sun.
Tony pushed his advantage. "Hardly surprising, considering that he helped Zemo escape."
Paul Simon: Bridge Over Troubled Water.
Tony laughed, then sobered. "Pepper is... has been... necessary. I can't put it any other way. She's been my right hand for over ten years. I can't imagine life without her. But that's not why I came out here. I gotta talk to someone, Steve, an' you're the only person I can trust not to laugh in my face."
move, lady, and I shoot." The voice was Betty's. She was standing in the shadow of the palm trees, braced, with a Stark Special rock steady in both hands, pointed straight at the pilot. "Drop the gun."
." He scrubbed at his eyes with the heels of his hands, as if that would somehow stop the tears he didn't want to acknowledge.
"If she had I could not be here."
"You are." After all, Steve wasn't going to do any talking at all.
He waited for Steve to elaborate on the feelings that had brought him to tears, but he shied away from the subject just as he had previously shied away from Tony's touch.
"As government lackeys." Steve's voice dripped bitterness. "Which is what you made us again."
"Lockdown achieved, sir." There was distinct disapproval in Jarvis's voice. Tough. When he had originally made Pepper CEO, he had promised he would not monitor her in her office or anywhere else, but that was before she dumped him, resigned and came back. And now she was conspiring with Steve and he wasn't sure which hurt more.
Something hit hard, then again and again, making the shield ring in triple time.
It was as well that Steve complied, as a couple of dilapidated farm trucks came barrelling out from the buildings at the bottom of the shallow valley, filling the road.
Besides, there had been the threats from Obie and Hammer, his own technology's attempts to kill him, and finally Loki and the Chitauri—
He waited, but Howard merely leaned back in his chair and regarded him levelly. "Steve gave me a sample before dinner," Howard said. He hesitated, then went on, "He was pretty down."
After that, it would be a case of retrieving bodies. It was not an idea he would ever be comfortable with.
"No! No, it's just... well, if I'd believed this was even possible I wouldn't have been caught without condoms or lube. I had no idea you were bi. I'm not inexperienced, but it's been a while. And I want this to be good for you."
Steve took a deep breath. Tony had levelled with him. He could not, in all conscience, keep his own reasoning from him. "I stole this body, Tony, whether that device put me here or not. I can't keep it, not if there's a chance of giving it back to its rightful owner."
"I sure will. Thank you again, Mr Stark."
The reaction of the warriors suddenly seemed over the top. Unless, of course, they knew something Tony did not, such as the vehicle being heavily armed, which was entirely possible, even probable.
Steve looked at Danvers, but Jarvis spoke before he did. "That will not be necessary, Ms Van Dyne. Mr Stark's personal jet will land at LAX in thirteen minutes."
Sorry this has taken so long. Christmas, various small domestic emergencies and a slight writer's block are to blame.
"Still unable to locate anything even on the infra-red sensors except the odd crocodile, sir, and no land to speak of. If I go lower, my sensors are blocked by interference."
"I'll be on the street when it arrives." Then he was running.
"Tony, this is Colonel Velasco. He's heading up the military engineering teams."
One of whom, presumably the team leader, waved at him frantically. "Iron Man! Help us!"
As the jungle gave way to plantations of fruit trees and palms, T'Challa steered the flier even lower, skimming about a foot above the ground between the trees and shrubs. Their glimpses of the plain and lakes below grew longer. But the more Steve looked, the stranger the shapes of some of the islands seemed.
Their banter, insults disguising affection, twisted Steve's gut. He hadn't thought, from their attitude during the Battle of New York, that they had reached this level of understanding and trust. Natasha hadn't mentioned Tony during their partnership in Washington, hadn't even reacted to learning he was on the Insight kill list...
There was a long pause while the caller digested that. "You sure about that? Because that's not what I'm getting this end. Whichever, I ain't gonna worry about identifying an alias, which this one turns out to be."
"Fuck," Tony said. If he'd been awake he could have warned Steve the instant he opened the crack in the rock. Now they were both trapped.
The warrior winced again, rubbing his face with his hands. His eyes avoided Tony's. "I know you are. As for myself, I do not know. I don't remember, but I knew, the moment I saw him on the television during the attack on New York, that I must protect him, just as I knew to be afraid of the one you all fought."
"I don't understand," Steve whispered, as it ended.
* Trabant – an East German made car that generally tops lists of 'the worst cars ever.'
Tony nodded. "Yes. But the mercenary group have a quantum bridge – a teleportation portal. It seems to me highly likely that this was used to steal at least two of the so-called 'leviathans'. God only knows what they intend to do with them.
One dark eyebrow went up. "Is there anything I could say that would make sense right now?"
"I'm sure it wasn't."
Tony, though, could talk enough for three, and Steve let the familiar monologue wash over him as he concentrated on  food which was sophisticated but plentiful. Though the serum had speeded up his metabolism, it had also made it more efficient, so that he could go for long periods without eating, but with a consequent need to refuel by consuming large amounts of high protein and high calorie food.
Her expression said she knew exactly what he was thinking and that it didn't endear him to her. "Jim and I were at Flight School together. I'm Danvers. Colonel Carol Danvers."
"Hang on!" Danvers voice screamed into the intercom.
tells me what to do." It was a lie – Pepper had spent the last – eleven years and two months? – running his life, or those parts of it he didn't care much about. No longer. He snatched for self control, taking a moment's pause because Pepper's importance in his past life deserved the respect he hadn't given Rhodey. "It might be a good idea if you started looking for a base outside the Avengers part of this tower."
"There's lots of fruit," Bruce said. "I could make you a smoothie. Better for your stomach than..." He waved a hand at the coffee, and Tony curled his arms protectively around it, making Steve chuckle on his way to the stove and Bruce give him a disapproving look as he began scrabbling for cutlery and plates.
No, he was finding it difficult to sleep because there was no warm body beside him. How the heck had he gotten so addicted to Tony's presence in so short a time?
Jan was reaching for the Hulk, but Steve fended her off. "No, it's okay. Hulk, it's just fine. We came to help you."
When he woke again, he was alone, in what he now realised was one of the guest suites he had assigned over to the Avengers while he remodelled the floors below.
"But you have no idea what samples they took before you came round?"
Oh, right. Jarvis was in charge of security nowadays and most of the staff were under the impression that he was a human being, albeit one they had never met.
it was so easy for him to hurt people.
The Panther, now dressed in his black suit but with the facemask and hood thrown back, also wore a necklace of what appeared to be lion or leopard – panther? – fangs, laced together on a chain of glowing white metal with a faint purple tint that looked like a vibranium alloy of some kind.
This time she got a nod and a thumbs up. "Okay," she said wearily. "Come back soon." It didn't sound like Jan at all and Tony didn't think he'd ever seen her slump as she did now, holding her head in her hands.
"And he can't hold me through the shakes," Tony admitted, turning in Steve's arms and returning the hug. "Thanks, buddy."
Tony spread his hands. "Or Hoboken. We just don't know. And, from the way the enemy was talking, if they did manage to subdue him, they just may be looking for a buyer for the Hulk."
"Uh." Steve wasn't sure what he should say to that.
"However," Jarvis continued, "I have located what appears to be a DNA match to the samples taken from the remains of the pilot of the War Machine."
"I don't need your protection. I'm Iron Man, remember? Guy who saved New York from being nuked by our own side? Who's got a whole superhero backup team to call on if he needs them?" Not that there was much left of that. "You, on the other hand, will be a hell of a lot safer away from me and from SHIELD."
Once the door was closed behind him, Tony theatrically wiped imaginary perspiration from his brow. "So far, so good," he said. "Friday, seal all exits from the penthouse and inform me if he looks like making a break for it. We still have things to discuss."
"Thank you. That's good to hear. I'll let you get back to your family."
Their leader barked an order.
Asgard? How could he be in Asgard? The last place he remembered being was Wakanda and that kingdom, strange as it might be, was very much of Earth. Tony had been there. They – White Wolf – had been going to kill Tony. He'd stopped that, at least temporarily, by taking the drug meant for Tony – he'd been dying, had known it...
"Put it down." Tony slammed his arm across both of Pepper's, using his Extremis enhanced strength to knock them down onto the bench top, sending the device rolling from her hands.
Tony had other priorities. "Got to get you some food."
Steve, on the other hand, was leaning against the wall beside the door, just as Thor had done the day before. Even the clothes and the posture were similar. Thor had been slightly more intimidating, though, if only because of the hammer.
"Hold it right there, buster."
"You regard Fury as a threat to the planet?" The President sounded curious rather than sceptical.
Tony grimaced, but got to his feet and walked swiftly into his bedroom, Steve following at his heels. Once there, he donned a pair of heavy workman's gloves, then opened the closet and unzipped his bag.
Steve ignored that. "Did you pass out?" he asked.
"Broken with her? Oh, she knows." Tony said grimly.
"Express elevator's going up currently," Jan announced, staring at the indicators in exasperation. "In fact, all the elevators are going up. Jarvis?"
"Wow!" Pepper flung back her own head – her hair was longer now, drawn into a chignon, and seemed a shade or two darker red – and stared up at him, brown eyes theatrically wide under arching brows. "What have you done with little Tony? Or are you wearing heels?" Her eyes moved down to his feet, as if she expected to find his shoes had lifts.
"Many places. I am Iron Man's computer," the voice explained. "This version of me runs the armoury and the house."
Steve's heart abruptly hit the bottom of the creek. "Oh. Why not?"
"The doors to the mine are vibranium-steel and you will not be able to break in—"
If he hadn't been so annoyed, he could've asked Steve to come with him. Though did Steve have a passport? They certainly hadn't asked him for one at Stuttgart, but then Tony hadn't exactly had his with him, either. Well, he could have asked him to come to see him off. At least then he would have had someone to talk to...
Tony's mouth twisted. "So we wait on the Panther's decision."
Though it would not be going home. He could never do that again.
"Somewhere to tell your kids about," Tony said.
There was a warm weight in the bed only inches from his back.
The sight stopped Tony in his tracks, robbed him of breath.
"Somehow I doubt that's going to work," Tony observed grimly. Then, and it was a sign of how the drug – and maybe the alcohol – was still affecting him that he had been so slow to connect the voices with where he was, he said, "Shit, I'm an idiot. Jarvis, these people spoke a language that sounded vaguely East African. Let's check the area round those diplomatic missions."
"Well, you're the strategist. What would have been the result if Sandro had actually hit the mainland?"
"What Peggy was doing here in the first place?" Steve asked, putting his hovering doubts into words. "The woman I knew wouldn't have wanted to live in a place like this, even if she could afford it."
"Jarvis, where the fuck is SHIELD?"
As Tony approached the cabin, he could not see any sign of how Jean – if it was Jean – could have reached it. No horses were visible this time. Their own SUV, parked under the lean-to, was the only visible auto, there were no canoes or boats, let alone a seaplane or 'copter on the lake, nor had there been any sound of engines of any kind. The forest around was undisturbed.
"Get me Miranda on the phone right now."
"She kinda warned me, back at the Oklahoma base, though I think she was telling me not to take you seriously. And Thor already knows and approves. I'm not taking bets against Natasha and Clint working it out, either.”
"Yes, I do. Shhh, baby. Let me do this for you." Tony's fingers were working with such easy skill that Steve could no longer resist, even if he had wanted to, or frame any further words.
As the aircraft came to a halt, Steve left Hank to Jan, but shook Lieutenant Storm's shoulder. "Wake up, Lieutenant, we've arrived."
"An Air Force officer, Major Jim G. Brennan."
"Probably," Tony said. "But you put yourself on the line to save us. As Avengers, we can't do any less."
He'd recognised the work of named artists from a distance, but he didn't know how he liked his coffee. It was desperately unsettling.
Two more men had emerged from the SUV. Both were wearing khaki shirts and knee-length shorts that were plainly a uniform. They turned out to be representatives of Wakandan Customs and Immigration.
"He wouldn't have let you dump Pe— Ms Potts."
He shoved himself up on his elbows, and gasped as the pain went from ache to agony.
"How would I know about it?" Steve was puzzled.
The man sitting by his bed was sharpening a sword blade on a whetstone gleaming with oil, each stroke smooth and measured, his expression one of pure concentration.
"It's hostile." Iron Man snatched up Captain America and lifted them both high into the air, as the ornithopter – or whatever else Tony had called it – glided towards the Manhattan shoreline while the helicopter spiralled down towards the surface of the Upper Bay.
"All the same, we need to clear the facility," Tony decided. He pinched the bridge of his nose between his fingers, hoping the discomfort would help him concentrate.
"Greetings, Heimdall," Thor said. "I have need to use the Bifrost."
"Sir," Jarvis announced, "the Van Dyne limousine has just entered your private garage."
Steve sighed. "When did everyone get so gullible, Tony?"
He'd underestimated Asgardians before, and he wasn't about to do it again.
"She's nice," Tony said. "Thanks, Dad."
"Happy's waiting for us outside with the limo," Pepper told him.
"Can he still? With the Bifrost broken?"
He hit the surface, cleaving the water neatly, diving deeper, deeper, stroking hard away from the trajectory of the falling mass of metal – he wasn't guessing at the tonnage –
"Uh?" Steve lifted his head. "What?"
Steve rolled his eyes but refrained from any other comment.
"Intruder! Your nine!" The shout came from one of the men holding the woman.
"You had every damn choice!"
All he got in response to that was a snort as they rocketed head first towards the ornithopter.
Tony sighed. "Reasons. It's not automatic. If I'd been there he would have been, and Steve and Jan could have done it at any time via satellite communications. Jarvis didn't suggest it because he was monitoring them through that link. When that went down, it was too late. Jarvis lost them. So ultimately, my error."
"Miss Potts is plainly much too polite to throw anyone out."
"The quarters are fine, Tony. More than fine."
Steve came awake in an unfamiliar room flooded with sunlight. Instead of the lowering towers of Asgard – or New York – the window wall looked out onto sky and sea and it was, at least, an Earth sky, pale blue, hazy and crossed with contrails. Sunlight sparkled from wave crests and there were ships making their way to and from port, honest to God modern ships like those he had seen every day from the windows of Stark Tower.
Answer: it wasn't as dangerous, at least to Steve, as advertised.
Miss Potts laughed at that, though a little ruefully. "I'll concede that one. But it had to be you who saved the world, didn't it?"
Though he knew, because he had seen it happen before, that within a day or so there would be no trace left of the injuries, the pink fading to the same creamy fairness that never seemed to tan.
Tony yawned elaborately. "They'll get bored and go eventually, particularly if they aren't fed. So stop feeding them, Steven."
"You checked on Ross?"
Though the MCU's geography and history is close to our own, they are not identical.
"Ms Potts," he returned. "All go well in Washington?"
Jan put her fingers over his lips, stemming his words. She didn't even glance at the floating letters. "Also, because I have an advantage Pepper Potts doesn't – I was your go-between as a pre-teen. I didn't understand what was happening then, but I do now."
"Rogers here," it was Steve's Captain America voice, and that boded no good at all. "There're some things you need to know.
Being nasty about Howard didn't sting Tony any more. "Looking for a return? Probably. He spent a helluva lot of Stark Industries cash building those Arctic exploration vessels." The damn things had been mothballed after Howard's death, with an occasional lease for research—
"I'll be fascinated to learn how you know all this, Stark. You gave the Air Force the means to acquire a leviathan. Did you give them one of those bombs too?
That had to matter more. Had to.
patent it." It was a woman's voice; an intelligent, determined voice that, despite the lack of an English accent, reminded him all too vividly of Peggy.
Off-air, Danvers asked, "How reliable is the Wasp, Captain?"
"Because you've been well, asleep, sorta," he said.
Was there a little twitch of those otherwise unsmiling lips?
"He was your sniper." Tony's voice was almost as flat as when it came through the Iron Man filters.
The rest of his team was now arriving; circling behind the SHIELD agents, to the latter's considerable alarm. One vehicle, however, floated in between Tony and the Wakandans.
He rolled over and onto one elbow, stifling a yelp as, for a moment his vision fogged with unexpected pain.
"But he found out anyway," Steve guessed.
T'Challa barked a score of words in what was presumably Wakandan, and the warrior backed up even further, reaching up with one hand to touch the wall, part of which slid aside.
Steve stepped forward, but Tony put out a hand to stop him. "That wasn't polite. And I have to tell you, pal, I know only one man who can pull off the caped-crusader look, and you aren't him."
"Find him first," Betty said. "Then we'll see."
"Are you all right, Captain?" It was the English-accented voice from the air again, and it was so unexpected he almost fell into the empty tub.
Not knowing quite what to make of the
"Yeah. Cape, shoulder pads, dog face and all."
(See the end of the chapter for
"We may not have to pay it forever," Tony said.
"A ground effect vehicle. It's parked at the side of the temple – that side. Do you want me to check it out?"
"Good morning, Captain," Jarvis greeted him. "It is 10:30 am, EST. The weather is fine, with a light cloud cover. Outside temperature is sixty-five degrees Fahrenheit and humidity is at seventy-five per cent. There is a ten per cent chance of rain in the afternoon."
There was no sign of life, not even a houseplant or a vase of flowers.
"Ah yes. The funeral. The one to which I wasn't invited, apparently. You weren't there either?"
"What is this place?"
Tony leaned against the doorframe of his bedroom, watching Pepper as she selected underwear from a drawer and three suits from the wardrobe, trying not to analyse his feelings too closely. There was a tight knot in his stomach and his heart was racing behind the arc reactor in a way it hadn't when he had threatened Nick Fury less than a day ago. He had planned carefully for both encounters, knew exactly what he wanted to say, but Pepper had been able to reduce him to incoherence in the past. He hoped it would be different this time.
Tony growled. Advice, indeed. He'd show all three of them.
"Jarvis." It was Jan's voice. She was on the other side of the security barrier, wrapped in a huge white towelling bathrobe. "Let me in, please."
Tony knew his own name could easily have been engraved there too. Though, of course, as a consultant he might not have qualified.
"Betty Ross?" Even the memory of her lifted his spirits slightly. "Put her on speaker. Hi, Helen of Troy. Needing any wooden horses today?"
The next moment trembling hands lifted his head, and then pulled him into a hug so tight it hurt his ribs. He buried his face in Tony's shoulder and tried to believe he was real.
Iron Man rose to fifty thousand feet, well above the highest altitude reached by the hurricane winds, where the great swirl of cloud was reduced to what looked like nothing so much as a painting of a spiral galaxy on a blue background. And that background was beginning to darken. He could see the terminator, inching across the ocean. Soon all that would be missing were the stars themselves.
"It is where you are, sir. And you are currently alone here. Ms Potts is in Japan, negotiating with Toyota. They wish to power their next generation of cars with modified ARC reactors."
Tony groaned. Pepper had picked his replacement PA, and he had been sure she had done so because the comfortable, middle-aged woman was no threat to her position. He had been proven wrong. Mrs Arbogast organised him with the same efficiency as her predecessor and was even better at keeping time-wasters away from him. People underestimated Pepper because she was beautiful, Mrs Arbogast because she looked like a pleasant middle-aged matron. Tony never liked crossing either.
Pepper used it regularly, Tony occasionally, but Steve was more often to be found in an employee gym or out running on the streets and in Central Park. But this morning it was too late for him to do either without attracting unwanted attention, and Tony found him cutting through the water with more power than technique, but still at a speed that an Olympic champion would envy.
"Chaos," Tony said. "It's even possible the Presidential elections might have to be postponed – for the first time ever – except if the unaffected States didn't agree, which they wouldn't. Either way, there could be riots. Some reputations would be ruined. And one or both Presidential candidates might not have made it through the hurricane itself. Whether it killed them or not."
"Of course you can," Steve said soothingly.
Only it wasn't Steve, could never have been Steve. This guy was a bleached blond, shorter, with a body-builder's rather than an athlete's muscle.
"I'm not," Steve protested, but he had flinched at the accusation and Tony knew it had hit home. It gave him hope.
"You got me," Storm said.
Steve raised his head, and the look on his face made Tony's heart skip a beat, then speed into overdrive. There was open adoration there, an intensity of feeling that made Tony's breath catch in his throat.
When Tony entered the master bedroom, he found Steve asleep on the bed, fully clothed except for his shoes. He looked just as pale and exhausted as he had down in the workshop. Tony ached to stretch out beside him and take him in his arms.
He was exposed here.
Tony exchanged an uneasy glance with Steve, whose mouth was set in a grim line. N'kendi exited the SUV first and led the way forward as the gates swung open. Beyond was a complex of low buildings, made from the same material as the village huts. Every instinct told Tony that they were being watched. With his luck, by a sniper. He noticed that Steve had moved to shield his back as what might or might not be an honour guard of the armoured warriors fell into position alongside them.
"I thought you were pleased SHIELD found Captain America. You seem to be getting along surprisingly well with him."
His suit computer responded to his order, activating the infrared sensors, searching for a man – a super soldier – with an abnormally high body temperature.
"And, as you said, Rhodey had nothing but bad choices. Which doesn't mean I had to like the one he made." He paused. "He's one of the reasons I think we've just made the right decision. I can just see him leaping at the chance of taking the super-soldier serum."
"Doesn't the War Machine armour have a stealth mode?" Steve asked.
"He smirked." That was Thor.
Tony's eyes were burning with unshed tears.
"Stark, your reactor destroyed my helicarrier." The 'what are you gonna do about it?' was left unspoken.
It was odd to realise that people were actually more scared of Tony Stark's power than of Iron Man's.
They'd spent almost all of their waking hours together over the past week.
So, he wasn't fully fit, though he had no intention of telling Tony that.
T'Challa's response was sharp. "Not in Wakanda."
"Should have made the cod-piece bigger," Steve said, grinning, as his heartbeat picked up again. He felt vaguely light-headed from relief.
"What?" Tony said, looking at him in surprise. "Is that really bothering you?" He put the tablet to one side and held out his arms. "C'me here."
– though why would isolationist Wakanda have those either?—
"What the hell did he mean by that?" Tony asked plaintively as the motorcycle roared away.
"I could say something about over compensating—"
"Mine isn't," Tony pointed out.
"If it was ever there."
The right wingtip touched the surface and the ornithopter tumbled, ass over tits, as Dum Dum would have said, into the bay.
"I do not know for certain that you were or were not," Xavier answered, "but now you can be who you want to be. There is no reason for you to take up that mantle, though I think you fully capable of it. You have a fresh start, Steve. Be who you want to be."
"Thank you," he whispered.
It became immediately obvious that Jan was indeed close enough for the bug to pick up their conversation.
Howard was right: Steve wasn't asleep, though the darkened room nearly fooled Tony into thinking he was. Instead he was sitting by the window, peering out into the night, his eyes hooded. Somehow, Tony knew at once that he was deeply unhappy. He wanted to reach out and comfort him the way he had no doubt his father had, but he didn't trust his control. He sought frantically for something to say, but what came out was, "Uh, Steve..."
"I take it didn't go too well with Xavier," Howard said.
"I'm not allowing Happy to drive," Pepper said firmly. "Director Fury is providing us with transport, so, unless you've actually located your attackers, you can head back here right now. SHIELD wants to debrief you."
Tony still had not returned but assuming that, when he did, he and Pepper would want some time alone, Steve excused himself and went back to his suite. For a while he watched the news on TV, then, disgusted, switched on his tablet and checked the news sites on the net. They were worse.
Hank.
"I assumed that from the burgers," Steve said. "We have beer, wine and soda, as well as sparkling water, by the way."
"No, no. I'm not stupid. It needs me – or Steve. It's keyed to both of us."
"You are in a maze of twisty passages, all alike," Tony muttered, as they disembarked in an area where the latest tunnel widened to form a cave, of sorts. The vehicle's lights picked out what looked like tool marks on the nearest wall, but hardly penetrated the four tunnels that sprayed off at irregular intervals. "Next thing you know, we'll need to find Flood Control Dam Number 3."
"Probably." Steve was pale and tight-lipped, plainly controlling himself carefully. "Thanks, Tony. That's all I needed to know."
"Your self-image is much the same as your present appearance," Xavier went on. "Though you look older here."
"Yeah, apart from that. Sandro was heading for the coast and gaining in strength. It could have devastated cities from Virginia to Maine."
"I'm going to work in the isolation chamber over there," Iron Man said, waving a gauntleted hand. "In the suit so I don't contaminate the samples. Thor told me it would be several days before you’ll  have  your full super-soldier strength back and you look like hell. Bed, Steve. Now."
"Computer, scan for refrigeration facilities."
being leased to SHIELD without my knowledge and despite my explicit instructions? What did you do there? Slip it in with a batch of routine paperwork? I don't think so, because you know that I speed or skip read most of that, and that the ship's name would have leaped out at me. I think you forged my signature – and your ability to do that was one of the reasons I hired you, remember?"
"Ah, yes, the half-as-strong-twice-as-angry version of the Hulk the World Security Council wanted on the Avengers Initiative," Tony said. Then: "Yes, yes, lieutenant, I'm listening," to someone whose voice Steve couldn't hear, presumably on another frequency. Local law enforcement, Steve supposed, though he had no idea what organisation that might be.
"Acknowledged," Iron Man replied to Hawkeye, but his mind was elsewhere.
"Sir, we have visitors, possibly hostile," Jarvis said, showing an infrared scan on the head-up display. A couple of dozen men and women were lurking in the skirts of the jungle. Occasionally a breakaway group would make a little sortie out of the trees, but then would take one look at the Iron Man and retreat.
She laughed. "If you want the plain-Jane scientist I can always put on an oversized lab coat and glasses, and pin my hair in a bun. My father would insist on it, if he could."
He tried to cough it away, but he could feel his consciousness distancing itself from the reality of the hands and the blackness.
The floodlights were out. The only illumination was provided by the arc-reactor-powered light in his chest plate and that did not even reach to the edges of the cave.
"It would hurt the incumbent more," Tony said. "Even if they didn't assassinate her."
"Then I'm Tony. This is—"
"Nineteen," was the grudging reply, enough defiance in it to make it believable. "I'm legal in this state, Steve."
"That was a couple of hours ago. One of the things Storm texted was the reference of the flight he'd been loaded onto. He thought it was heading for Vandenberg, which would make a lot of sense."
Tony's heart lurched and he suddenly found it hard to breathe. "Why? What's wrong?"
Desperately, Steve caught Tony's arm and pointed to where it had abandoned the artefact and, instead, was beside the coffee table, bending to pick up the black-stoned ring.
There was only one way to get to the bottom of this.
"And to New York air traffic control," Shuri muttered, She was also plainly in avoidance mode. "So you really know these people, brother?" she asked brightly. "Don't tell me you're actually a member of their ridiculous group!"
"I'm a soldier," Steve replied. "I was a runt, a sick weakling, until I was enhanced by science." He winced at the memory, of Tony's words, "Everything special about me is... a result of that enhancement."
Only, looking at the wall opposite the now-vanished stairway, he was now able to trace thin lines that seemed to mark the outline of a doorway, though it had no sign of hinges, lock or handles.
Bracing himself, Tony went back to the bodies and examined them more carefully than was good for his digestion. All were in SHIELD agents' uniform, with med-tech coats flung over. One actually had a gun in his hand... except that hand dangled from a broken wrist and his head was at an unnatural angle.
"And added your own, no doubt," Steve said bitterly. "As well as a lot of stuff I don't understand—"
"Discover that you will, young Jedi."
Hogun shrugged again. "I am obeying my liege lord," he said and held out a hand to haul Steve to his feet.
But it might be too late. The thing in the stone was coming closer. It knew where they were...
"Yeah," Danvers said, "and the Black Widow here heard every word. At my request, I might add. I need you to trust me, Stark. The Secretary's
"Some buildings are still burning," Fury pointed out. "Not to mention the tarmac."
"Not a truck, please, Tony. I'm not stealing SHIELD's stuff—"
"So am I," Natasha muttered.
Clint nodded. "It might tip our hand. Which, as it's no more than a couple of low value pairs, isn't going to scoop the pot for us. I say we continue to bluff."
It was one of the oddest skies that Tony had ever seen. To the south and west the descending sun was bright in an almost cloudless sky and the skyscrapers of Manhattan glittered to the north west, while to the east the sky was dark with tumbled cloud. The north east sky was blocked by a huge thick-edged saucer of white cloud, with a massive wedge of black towering above it, the atmosphere below it veiled in precipitation. Sparks of lightning crackled along the base of the cloud and flashed across the hollow at its centre.
The self-censorship proved useless.
Behind them, someone uttered an explosive word in a language Steve didn't know. He glanced back through the hatchway into the cabin to see Shuri running towards the tail, Betty following at her heels.
Whatever Tony might have secretly hoped, it was plain that Thor didn't know the date and place of Coulson's funeral, or Odin had forbidden his participation in something that did not include a burning ship or Valkyries thundering over a battlefield. If he had been around he could have provided thunder and lightning or at least a gloomy overcast sky, but instead the sun was bright against Captain America blue with only a few high-flying cirrus and the odd contrail for contrast. It might have made the mass of almost identically black clad people listening with professionally blank expressions to the preacher standing above the lily-smothered coffin a tad less surreal.
"That wasn't lying down on the wire, fuck it, that was standing in no man's land with a searchlight on you while holding up a notice saying 'Shoot Me' and a big target replacing the star on your chest.
It fell like a stone.
He saw little of Hogun (who was apparently known throughout Asgard as 'the grim'), who was mainly silent even when present. Fandral, on the other hand, seemed to enjoy his company, and continued to be informative and charming.
"We're not in New York, we're  in New Hampshire," Tony shot back.
Or before the armour gave out.
"Perhaps, but it wasn't a fighter that took off half an hour after the helicopter's arrival," T'Challa said. "It was a long range transport and it was heading across the Atlantic."
"Then you had better think up a damn good excuse that isn't going to cost you your friends," Howard snapped back. "Meanwhile, ring Agent Potts."
Unless Tony was putting on a show of indifference towards him in order to keep their... affair... secret.
"When I have finished with him."
"The super-soldier serum was a US creation—"
"No, but her Japanese is very good."
Tony hesitated, fighting the impulse to turn back, fling the contents of his arms aside, and fill them with Steve instead.
"When I said I was worried about Steve being on his own, I didn't expect you to adopt him."
"Sonofabitch!" It was a curse that Tony, so free with the f word, only resorted to in revelation. "Stay where you are. Look after Jan and Betty. I'm on my way east."
"Yes, Boss."
"There's a mercenary group with advanced, possibly alien tech. They'll sell their services, tech they've stolen and people they've kidnapped to anyone with the cash. I think they've even supplied NASA's new orbiter, though I can't prove it, and I wouldn't fly in it for any money. They were controlling hurricane Sandro before Thor turned it away into the Atlantic."
The wind must be rising.
"Doom lives," the Doombot stated, as if there could be no contradiction. "You, Stark, will kneel before Doom and serve him—"
He wanted so desperately to believe that his friend, his fellow adventurer – the supervillain, his father's kidnapper – had reformed.
"Yeah. She was kind to me."
For a split second there was a coincidental silence – and in it there was a tiny sound, the slither of something soft – perhaps cloth or leather – far above, inaudible, perhaps, to anything but Steve's enhanced senses.
"What you did was probably the bravest – and most reckless – thing I've ever seen," Steve said.
Tony ignored him. "For this... for this, Thor, anything -
Jan shook her head. "Tony called in a favour from me and bribed Hank with Chitauri tech and Bruce's help. We'd already moved to a secure Stark facility after Hank made his big breakthrough. We'd been approached by some dangerous people, and after my father was murdered in his lab I—" She stopped, and shook her head. "You are really too easy to talk to, you know."
"You've been checking up on me!" Tony shouldn't be delighted, but it showed the sort of interest from Steve he had only dreamed about. What else had he been hiding under that pose of total disinterest? "God, have you seen the Santa Barbara video? Because even I'm ashamed of that one."
"In Oklahoma?"
"So you're not here and won't tell me where you are."
"That was on account," he told her. "See you tonight, babe."
"That was the destination on Danvers' flight plan. And that's where the UFO reports are coming from, of strange lights in the sky and a private jet putting on an aerobatic display."
She nodded towards Pepper and Tony. "I can't imagine what she sees in him."
Blackness fell over him. He could hear nothing, see nothing, even though he was still yelling at Pepper.
For the sun had disappeared behind the hills, and evening was falling swiftly. Even the flames around the car had died. As the light of Tony's phone dimmed they were alone in the dark in a narrow valley thick with shrubs, trees and unstable rocks.
"And I want the left side of the bed."
Behind him, he could hear someone yelling in Wakandan.
"Steady, steady no need to—" Tony's voice was rising, all his normal insouciance deserting him. "No, stay where you ar— urgh!"
Tony lifted his head. Steve, with not even a towel to cover, well, anything, was striding across the room.
"I've no intention of trying to hide our relationship from the team." Tony's mouth twisted slightly. "The press is a different matter.
was what Steve thought but he battened down on his instinctive – and unwanted – reaction. He said, in measured tones, "It's a symmetrical, but interesting, face. I wonder if he'd let me draw him." Not that he hadn't been sketching Tony without his permission, though he was probably vain enough to be flattered by the attention, anyway.
"Thor told me that he intends to come back, if Odin will permit it. I'll talk to Barton and the Widow – and we'll tackle Bruce together," Steve promised.
Had Steve seen Classic Trek, Tony wondered, trying and failing to repress his grin. If not, he would have to educate him, so he would understand why he was now grinning from ear to ear. "See you in the Big Apple, Fury. Stark out. Jarvis! Arrange for my personal jet to be waiting at... let's see... nothing too close... Wichita will do. And make sure the suitcase armour is on board. Steve, can you get your gear together and the truck fully unloaded?"
"Sure thing." Tony slid an arm around Steve's waist; they'd practiced this. "Three strikes, honey," he said to the woman and lifted off.
As he headed for the entrance to the armoury, Tony's eye was caught by the open garage doors. He diverted and, on landing, looked in horror at the wreckage of at least four of the cars, including his favourite Ferrari Spider. More than that, there were bullet holes in the walls.
"Someone should have told you not to mention his name."
"What makes this chaos?" the familiar voice boomed through the temple.
But he hadn't really had much involvement in running Stark Industries since, oh, hell, since he had actually inherited the company. There had been his father, then Obie, and he had let Pepper do most of what little was required of him, signed on the dotted line.
Tony halted, though he did not turn. He appeared to be hyperventilating from the way his shoulders were rising and falling. "Yeah." He bit out the words. "Okay. Take care of Steve."
Steve Rogers, clad in nothing but a towel wrapped about his waist, was standing waiting for him. He grabbed Tony's elbows and hauled him out into the room.
So he found some shade under a tree, leaned against the trunk, and waited for the attack of unwanted memories to pass.
"What we have to," he said grimly.
Maybe she meant Pepper? Of course, Bruce must have been talking about Pepper.
Pepper hesitated for a moment, and Steve got the impression she was weighing her words. "He was a good friend and I had a lot to thank him for. My life, and Tony's."
"They're taking him out of the country," Steve said, in sudden certainty.
"Then make time to explain how you knew Hawkeye's real name."
T'Challa's expression was a little bemused, and his tone was losing its fight for tolerance. "We need to be ready to leave. Why don't you borrow that mercenary's uniform? And his gun. Pull the hat visor down, put on that pair of sunglasses you've been hanging on to and you might not be immediately recognised."
Panicked, Tony opened his eyes.
Xavier could not quite hide his own smile, though he bowed his head so that perhaps only Steve saw it. When he raised it again his expression was bland. "And my senior students are Jean Grey and Scott Summers."
"No, wait for us."
He clattered down the stairs, deliberately making noise. By the time he reached the foot, Tony Stark was waiting for him, in black jeans and a red t-shirt, looking incredibly handsome, ridiculously young, and totally... edible.
"Steve, I am old enough to know when I should or should not be making out with someone – someone who, until now, seemed pretty damn enthusiastic about making out with me."
"Good," Okoye said, in English. "And these men are?"
Jan smiled at him. "I rather thought you got in the way of the war, hon. When it came to it, Dad backed me to the hilt, sent me to Paris, Rome and London to study, and financed my business. It was successful, too. I think he was proud of me. He said he was proud of me..." She was blinking rapidly, and Steve was sure there were tears in her eyes.
Steve felt sickening disappointment. He wanted Tony here and safe but... "What's the emergency?" he asked.
"I can look after myself."
Steve didn't feel molested. If anything, he didn't want Bruce to let go – it had been, he figured, some seventy years since someone had touched him with anything like affection.
Satisfied that the man was no longer a threat to his mission, Steve finished searching the room – he found nothing – then headed out the door.
"Ah," Fandral said, with satisfaction. "That fits in with what Thor has told us. He had asked Heimdall, who can see most things that pass in the Nine Worlds, to watch for danger not only to his lady, Jane Foster, but to his comrades who fought against Loki."
"Not an omelette," Tony said, with a shudder. Too many memories. The coffee was terrific, just as he liked it. Someone had been talking to Jarvis. "Pancakes sound good," he added randomly, because he wasn't sure he could actually eat anything.
She took a deep, steadying breath and said, mildly, "Well, I guess he's the only one of us likely to be worthy. But how in all the hells of Asgard are we going to move him?"
Tenderness almost overwhelming him, he leaned over and kissed Steve between the shoulder blades.
Tony hesitated just a moment, sipping at the amber liquid in the glass in his hand. Then he sat down at the piano stool, lifted the keyboard cover and began to pick out a scale. After a few moments, that changed to a sequence of chords and then a simple tune, which eased into syncopation...
"We see it, Iron Man," Natasha's voice replied.
"You'll have to line up behind me," Danvers said, from halfway down the steps.
"Well, let's send someone else. New York's no longer in danger, right? Can either the Widow or Hawkeye fly a plane?"
"Oh." Tony's voice was little more than a whisper. Then, surprisingly, he laughed. "But you were, weren't you?" He thrust upwards, rubbing pre-cum against the inside of Steve's thighs. "Good, because now I can feel a little better about being insanely jealous of a woman who's been dead for fifteen years."
"Rhodey!" Tony did not know at this moment whether to be delighted or horrified that his best friend was standing in the centre of the cabin's living area, coffee dripping from the lip of the mug which he was holding in his hand. Lori, who was sitting on the sofa, reached out a hand and delicately pushed the mug upright with one finger.
"Metaphor, Rogers, metaphor. I don't have the clout with the White House or the Department of Defense that I had when I was their chief armourer, and Trade and Energy are in the pocket of the big oil companies, but I should be able to track down who's behind this, and why the White House is backing them. Let me deal with all of it. I'll just need your proxy for the legal department." He took a deep breath, then went on, his voice taking real fierceness. "They've taken everything else from you; I'm damned if they're going to take the name, the uniform or the shield. Next, Jarvis!"
"Not me. I'm merely an emissary. From the ruler of Wakanda. He is willing to trade your agents, who entered Wakanda without passports or visas—"
"So the Board tells me, but in fact it's your job, not mine. You're the CEO."
The horrible thing was that he was right. "You're far too at home with twenty-first century tech,
"Honey, I am not going to keep saying 'Hank-shrunk-to-ant-sized. Really."
At least Thor would have left by now, in search of his Jane, and staying in bed with Steve, even with cloth barriers between them, was too fucking much of a temptation. He needed coffee, at least, with maybe a large shot of brandy.
"You've gotten an idea, honey?" Hank asked. "I wonder if it's the same as mine."
"You see, we couldn't figure out how anyone knew we were there, until I remembered you'd had to tell someone their booking had been cancelled."
"Then ours should too."
The car looked fast when it was standing still: on the move it felt more like riding the Iron Man armour, though a lot more comfortable.
And, suddenly, everything was out of focus, and there was a mist over his vision.
Steve blushed even harder and put her down.
Ahead, the gates were swinging open.
"We can, I think, reach the temple before whatever ceremony White Wolf has planned starts. Unless we are caught, of course."
"I'm trying to be mature and responsible about this," he said, at last, "though neither is really my thing."
No way could killing Tony Stark or causing Bruce to Hulk out have been hushed up. With no time to dismantle the booby trap, the agents on the ground would've used the LMD as an attempt at distraction without revealing their presence.
"No, but he's a soldier and a patriot," Jan said.
"You didn't have sex with her." Tony hoped he didn't sound as relieved and triumphant as he felt. He was just grateful that Steve didn't know much about recent advances in genetic engineering which might have left doubt in his mind.
Behind him, he could hear more blasts from Wasp's stingers and grunts of pain that sounded distinctly masculine, so he was not surprised that, when he turned back, it was to see that only one man was still on his feet and he was scrabbling to retrieve a pistol from the floor. He had it in his hand a moment after Steve began moving, but that was not quickly enough. A stinger blast sent him staggering backwards, and then Steve was on him.
"Well, you'll need somewhere to stay until we assign you a new apartment," Fury was saying to Steve. "Something more secure."
"There is nothing problematic about you saving my life, is there?"
"I am the Master and protector of the New York Sanctum," the man said repressively. "There is no 'boss' here."
"And maybe you should, you know, guard against them going behind your back..." was Bruce's contribution.
"Yeah. Like that. I went from not particularly interested to... well, to being too damn interested. But Peggy was my only hope of being, y'know, considered normal. I did love her, Tony. More importantly, I wanted her. For all of that, I was willing to wait. I got very familiar with my right hand."
Suit-and-Sunglasses looked at Steve properly for the first time, and his jaw dropped. Then he went for his shoulder holster.
And at night, if they were not touching, Steve dreamed.
"Have you had any contact with him?" Jan asked. "Is he still heading that super-secret project that everyone I know knows about?"
Perhaps the comms were out. Perhaps his own hearing had been affected by the explosion. Perhaps the fog's dampening effect was stronger than he thought it should be. Or perhaps Tony was dead. In which case, he might as well stop treading water and let himself go down again.
"What the fuck would you know about it? I thought you came from the time that even people who knew about finance were throwing themselves out of buildings? But they wouldn't have done that in Brooklyn then, would they? You ever try to bamboozle – and where the heck does that word come from? Is there such a thing as boozle that you can bam? – a company board? Full of people who never have a thought in their heads except the bottom line? And dodging their taxes?"
As it was, she'd insisted on a pristine white shirt to go with his black hand-tailored suit and he hadn't even been able to sneak a coloured tie past her eagle eye. Tony had searched the internet and gotten hold of one in blue with little Captain America shields scattered across it. He'd thought it appropriate, that Coulson would have appreciated it, but Pepper had nixed it the instant she saw it.
Tony sighed, stretched out his hand, and prepared to accept both thanks and criticism.
"Tony..."
He'd been right that it was no ordinary facility.
"Where the hell were you, Jarvis?"
In which there are interesting things flying over New York, not all of them Tony.
"That doesn't look like the armour you were using in the battle," Rhodes observed.
"Yeah. And my tech. Even the thing keeping me alive. Well, Pep says I'm lousy at judging people. Like Obie. And Phil. And Natasha. And Thor. And you. Jury's still out on Fury..."
But the bullets merely stitched holes in the walls, shattered a mirror wall (and, damn it, the security cameras behind it) and destroyed the specially commissioned artwork.
"Indeed, sir. But I am programmed to protect you and your interests. And you were out of touch," Jarvis said, with subtitles. Tony shoved aside his curiosity about these with some difficulty.
"Stop babbling, Stark. Colonels, I'm sorry, but I need to talk to Mr Stark privately."
"You're lucky I used to be in the Navy," the redheaded pilot replied. "Opening her up."
He said, "I have come to a decision; perhaps we can indeed aid each other."
It turned out to be attached and more luxurious than he would have believed possible. It was not until he had been standing under a hot shower for a good ten minutes that it occurred to him that the experience should be more painful than blissful. A check revealed that last night's burns and bruises were now no more than colourful patches, impervious to both water and probing fingers. And, where his scalp and chin had felt smooth the night before, there was now a thick stubble of hair, which the mirrors showed to be blond.
And how could he think at all if he did not have a brain, a mind?
Thor was frowning at him, saying nothing.
There was a new, bright white light reflected in the glass and the mist, coming towards him. The footsteps were so soft on the thick carpet that only his super-soldier hearing let him detect them, or the moment they stopped.
The eyes darkened. There was a storm in them. Tony was more and more convinced this man was Asgardian. "What right have to you ask?" he countered.
"I said it was theoretically impossible for an arc reactor to fail or run wild by accident," Tony corrected him. He paused, letting the silence linger in what was possibly the vain hope of disconcerting Fury. "But this wasn't an accident, was it?"
But these people had been holding him captive, hadn't they? And they'd left him to die on some sort of huge aircraft as it had fallen from the sky.
It was eight o'clock in the evening and Tony was more jumpy than he had been when the Makluan had invaded. He’d had to stop himself calling home every few minutes to make sure everything was secure and that Steve and his Dad were okay. Which would be a mistake, because Howard would start asking questions and lying to him rarely worked, even with the faceplate and voice synthesiser in place.
Steve made a noise that was meant to be a chuckle, but came out more like a sob. "I'm so incompetent at this. So scared of losing you because of it."
Steve would give a lot to hear that story, but he didn't know Pepper well enough to ask, and mention of Coulson still brought an angry response from Tony. There was something he wanted to know that he could ask her, though, given that answer. "I would have liked to have gone to his funeral but I guess I can't complain as I was deliberately out of touch. What about you? And the other Avengers?"
But that would leave Steve isolated in New York, and almost certainly in danger. And the one thing he was sure of was that Steve wasn't leaking information to SHIELD or anyone else, because Bruce's location was still secret, as were the results of Hank's research, and the repulsor and ARC and Iron Man tech were untouched. Steve hadn't even been unfrozen when SHIELD had first gained access to Stark Industries and the Malibu house, hadn't had any chance to communicate with SHIELD or anyone else on his way to Vicstar Field where Pepper, Happy and Hill had been waiting for them. Pepper, on the other hand, had hired Natalie Rushman, had been on first name terms with Coulson, had known about the Avengers, which might have been something he'd confided to her when he was so sick (but not that the Initiative had been cancelled), had spent most of Coulson's funeral and wake talking to Fury and Hill, had known about every single instance where he had been attacked, had probably leased the Arctic research ship to SHIELD, and had spent far too much time recently trying to get him to come to terms with the government...
"And emotional cost?"
He knew that had struck home from the time it took Tony to respond.
Ignoring Tony's banter with the ease of long practice, War Machine leaped over the now quiescent tail to join Iron Man. "Is that thing still alive?"
He bounced up to them, ignoring that that was doing to his ribs. "Hey, you found him. Hi, Bruce, glad to see you've recovered from attack by Jan. Few people do, let me tell you. Did you break that window? I'm not sure the insurance covers attack by superhero. And finding a garage to fix it will be difficult enough..."
It was at that moment that Pepper kicked his ankle, which he wouldn't have been able to feel if she hadn't been wearing armour too. As it was, the noise made all three of them jump and every person in the office look up from their phones. It was only then that Tony realised that the room had been silent for some time as everyone listened to their conversation.
"They didn't 'privatise world peace', alienate the US government – our best customers – humiliate Hammer Technology—"
He powered up the repulsors, ready to leave in a hurry. But first...
"So romantic," Tony said, with a grin, but his eyes never left Steve's, dark and enigmatic. "Come to bed with me, Captain Rogers?"
"And how would you know?" Fury asked.
"None of you need worry about that," Tony said, off-handedly.
Without hesitation, Iron Man blew it to splinters.
"We were running for cover," Jan said. "Tony told Betty to come in if necessary. We could have headed for Stark Tower, but I figured they'd expect that and I knew he'd reopened this place, so here we are."
It took him precisely ten minutes and twenty three seconds to enter the building, make his way to the vault, open the doors, scoop every vial of blood and serum into a fold-out shopping bag that had been stowed in one of the armour's secure cavities, replace the bag with one special and very old sample and leave, letting the delayed commands lock the vault behind him.
"I'm sure he'll be delighted," Tony said.
Fuck it, he didn't know what to say to comfort Steve, didn't know how to cope with Steve's grief or his own jealousy.
"I hadn't," Tony said, "but you weren't thinking straight. Sure, a dime to a dollar, Jan knows, and she'll tell Hank. Thor – who knows and approves – wasn't there and neither were Bruce and Betty, who'll be cool, anyway. Barton and Romanoff will take it in stride. T'Challa – who knows what the cultural attitudes to homosexuality are in Wakanda, though he's an Avenger and a friend. But Danvers, Shuri and Lieutenant Storm? Trust them, casually, with gossip the Press would shell out thousands to publish. And at this critical time. Nope. Not gonna happen."
How could Steve resist this?
"Eleven years and two months." There was an odd note of disappointment in her voice as if he, too, should have kept an exact track of time.
Howard was bending over the blonde woman. Now he felt in his pocket, produced some sort of restraining device and secured the woman's wrists and ankles. He met Steve's eyes and smiled. "Well," he drawled, "remind me not to doubt my son. Thanks, Captain."
"We aren't telling at the moment," Tony said.
Steve sank down beside him and Howard poured the tea with no comment.
He leaned back against the door, feeling himself beginning to shake. He'd safeguarded StarkEnergy, made sure Pepper would be safe, and cut off the information flow to SHIELD at its source.
Whatever he was lying on jerked to the right. Someone swore, low enough – or muffled enough – to be on the verge of his hearing.
"It'll be my pleasure."
The truck's rear doors flew open and half a dozen black-clad masked gunmen – or possibly gunwomen for who knew nowadays? – barrelled out, but Happy's error had accidentally positioned the limo so they were delayed in getting to the doors. Happy himself was still clinging to the wheel, but Tony thrust the nearest door open, slamming it straight into one gunman's face as he himself twisted below it, sweeping a second gunman's feet from under him.
"He reads minds," Tony explained.
Jan regarded him with her head on one side. "The man in the silly white suit?"
"Hello Tony," Bruce's voice said. "Jan and Hank say, 'Hi' too, and want to know when you and Steve are going to visit again. You ought to see the results of our recent research."
Tony braked and threw the wheel over, setting the car into a barely-controlled spin. Then the shockwave caught her.
Tony shivered under the touch, heat coiling in groin and gut.
Jesus – sorry for the blasphemy, Jan – but have you ever Googled him?"
"It's... um.. structural. Keeps the roof from falling in on us if we crash. Stark Crash Pole... and you're not buying this are you?"
Selvig grunted, but he was already opening the bag. "Not much left of it."
Steve edged along the ridge, trying to quash the uneasiness that had nothing to do with a fear of heights. He ought to be watching his feet but couldn't take his eyes off Tony, ready to leap forward if he slipped.
"I don't care. Eat or I'll feed it to you piece by piece. Hold your nose too if I have to," he added, remembering threats from his father's butler, the original Jarvis, when he was small. To his relief, this drew a chuckle from Steve.
"And we also have a debt to pay to you," Steve said. "The more you involve the Avengers, the less you have to involve your own people.”
Steve tried his Captain America glare, but, as so often, it didn't work on Tony, particularly when he could hide behind the faceplate.
Of course he hadn't, not without stealing, which he wouldn't do, but he couldn't tell Tony that, let him think that was the reason he had come here. Because it wasn't. "Think so. Not hungry."
"Sir," the computer said. "It is time to get ready for your party."
Oh, and the TV show had apparently been named after a character in a StF novel called
