“Did Jack tell you I was coming?” Dean asked, instead of commenting on his mother’s desire to seem like she knew everything.
kid on instinct and that he wasn’t trying to be overprotective of Cas, who had, as far as Dean had known until he made it to Heaven, been
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said.
Jack’s first thought was to pull together a rescue party with the other Winchesters (he was still a Winchester, no matter what anyone, including Chuck, tried to tell him).
There was a rug in between the fireplace and the couch, a low coffee table sitting on top of it. They were sitting, one on each side of it, each with a beer, while Dean shuffled the deck of cards he’d found in the coffee table’s center drawer.
Of course he did.
“Good point.” Dean sipped his beer, thinking about the Vonnegut he’d never been able to get a hold of or the Heinlein that he’d started but had to return before he was done, when they’d had to leave town early for a new case or to avoid the law. The Lovecraft he’d found problematic but fascinating, the Robert E. Howard that was some of the funniest shit he’d ever read in his life that had nothing to do with Conan the Barbarian, even though that’s why he’d picked up the collection in the first place, and the summer he’d had to take summer school English and had compared Burroughs’ John Carter books to Bradbury’s
They’d worked together, Jack and Cas, building and reshaping Heaven, removing walls and breaking locks, and stripping out the things that had made it more of a holding cell for souls, rather than a place of peace and rest.
"You did a good thing, Dean.  She needed your help and you gave it.  No one can ask for more than that."
“What do we need to do?” Jack asked.
"You've got to be kidding me."
Castiel’s knee presses into the back of the seat, Dean forgetting that it was even there. He’s used to the hard press of bone and cartilage, that is, until Cas shifts and his knee slides south, away from Dean’s lower back.  Dean shoots a look up to the rear view mirror, checking on the guy, but Cas's face is still the same-- open and trusting.
Dean got himself at least fifty miles away from Bobby and the Roadhouse before he let himself think about the last time he saw Castiel. About what Cas had said to him, about the way Cas’ face had seemed to glow as he spoke about how much he felt for Dean, even as he cried tears of fear and sorry. And maybe happiness. Dean hadn’t had much experience with happiness, it was always so hard for him to understand when he was seeing it.
She stops in front of a small stone, the face almost completely washed away by time and weather.  It's under a tree, so the moonlight doesn't reach it.  Dean crouches down and pulls out his lighter.  He can barely read the first name- SARAH- and he for sure can't see the last.  He rises and looks at her.
The one thing Dean did know, that had been clear as the water in Crystal Lake in Michigan, where he and Sam had spent a summer when their dad had broken his leg and they’d been stuck in one place for five months. The water had been so clear, you could wade out until it was as high as your chin and still see your feet touching the bottom.
“Shit, kid, what did you think the first thing I did was, once Jack redesigned everything?”
Dean wasn’t so repressed that he didn’t see how his own behavior had shaped Cas’ feelings and how Cas reacted to them, which led to their current circumstance.
“I’m sure he did,” John replied. “While we wait, you want a little whiskey with your lemonade or are you good?”
Thunder rattled the windows. Rain pelted the glass.
“I don’t know. I was thinking the weather?” Dean replied, then winked at him and that was all it took. Cas started giggling, then laughing, and then he was on his side on the rug, walking that line between hysterical laughter and hysterical sobbing.
"I'm sure they could, Cas."  He puts the car in drive and pulls back onto the road.  It doesn't have any center lines, or any edge lines for that matter.  The pavement is new, so it's still black as ink and hard as hell to see in the darkness.  The moon shines down but doesn't do much to illuminate the way.  He feels more than sees Castiel lean forward, his breath on the back of Dean's neck.
“I’m not entirely sure?” Cas said but it was more a question than anything else. “Jack asked me to take something to his office and I did, and then, I walked back out but then I was here. Where is here, exactly?”
John Winchester just rolled his eyes and tried not to take any of it too seriously, less he get a fist to the face. He liked the smell of a fire in the wood stove with the wood she liked to chop and he loved the glow Mary got in her cheeks when she spent the day working in the yard. It was a true pleasure to spend time with her, any time, any amount, especially in a space where they wouldn’t ever have to worry about bad things happening to the other person.
The nice thing about Heaven was, he was learning, there wasn’t any traffic. No slow drivers, no accidents or construction, no stop lights or even speed limits. Just the open road and the fall leaves changing colors like on the East Coast or the Mid-West, but, like, all the time.
“Oh, yeah.”
"She wants us to help her move on."
"You have got to be shitting me, lady."  Dean growls the words out, low and just to himself.  It would probably be a good idea to wake Sam up and get this taken care of.  The woman in white it still looking at him, eyes dark and empty.
“That wasn’t a yes or a no, dude. Put me out of my misery, please.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean slammed the phone back into the cradle, almost ripping it off the wall, and leaned his head against the cool wainscoting. After a few deep breaths, he grabbed the umbrella again, and, squaring his shoulders, made for the front door again.
“Unhappy?” Dean asks, with a sad little smirk.
“No unfinished business, huh? Are we actually doing this?” Dean asked, setting his fork next to his plate, his pie forgotten as his face heated up, probably turning red under the scrutiny. “Are you going to
“Why wait? Does he sleep? I didn’t think he slept. Jack? Jack, get your feathered, God-like ass over here!” Dean was, again, yelling at the ceiling. More lightning, more thunder, but no response from the kid.
His mom was laying on a huge quilt (one that Dean remembered her saying, when he was little, had been made by her grandmother), his dad’s battered thermos next to her as she reclined on a pile of pillows, reading what appeared to be a romance novel. She’d had a ton of them back at the bunker, lying all over everything, her go to quick read.
"You Sarah?"  She slowly nods her head.  He points to the stone.  "And this is you?"  She nods again, more emphatically.  "Because if I dig up the wrong Sarah, and have to do it again, I'm gonna be pissed."  She points at the stone herself, with more force than she's shown previously, so Dean's pretty sure that this is it.  "Right.  Let's do this."
"Nope.  Ask
And yet, there was Cas, spilling his heart all over the floor in a word tsunami, the force of which was so strong that it had swept away Dean’s ability to talk, to think critically, to do something, anything to keep Cas from getting pulled into an eternity of torment and all for Dean. Because Cas loved him and didn’t think he, Cas, was good enough for Dean.
He thought it’d make him uncomfortable to be there, not knowing the house and not knowing the relationship his mom and dad had built in their time reunited in Heaven without their kids.
Castiel stuck to the office, as it were, and spoke to Jack and that was about it. He didn’t try to branch out and make friends with any of the new angels Jack had helped create, nor did he want to spend time with any of the angels that had survived from the original batch Chuck had made.
,” Jack snaps at Dean, his normal patience clearly having worn thin. “I know what happened, Dean. I know what he told you. And I know what’s in your heart, too. So, stop being an
Jack tilted his head to the side, a mirror image of Castiel, a learned behavior that even after all the Chuck power shenanigans, he still hadn’t lost. “Not even when Dean comes to Heaven?”
“Of course I will, Dean. Nothing, and I mean literally nothing, would make me happier.”
“Oddly, I’ve tried to use my powers to leave and I can’t.”
Dean couldn’t remember a time when he’d been allowed to just sit there and breathe, without knowing there was a world of responsibilities waiting for him to pick back up or chase him down, a waiting punishment for taking even a minute for himself.
“You know that’s not true,” Jack said, his voice soft. He knew that they both knew that Dean would never grow old on Earth. Jack had that extra insight that, without Castiel with him and with his desire to see his brother retire and grow old and have lots of little babies, Dean would be looking for his way out. There was a ticking clock in Jack’s head, now that he was both life and death, and he knew that Dean was coming, and soon. Which was why the conversation with Castiel was so important to have now.
Maneuvering between other patrons, Dean isn't feeling the most apologetic when he squeezes by. He's in the baby isle before he can tell his feet to take him to the liquor isle.
He knows why leaving them was so easy now.
She always was a softie.
"I want to go visit Jody." Dean says, and to say Sam wasn't completely thrown by the request would have been a lie. Dean releases his hand and the two finally look up at each other.
He wasn't going to chide Dean or tease him, but the picture he took with his phone was definitely something he was going to send to Cas.
"He needs to be in the back." Sam says, already unbuckling his brother's seatbelt for him, trusting the angel can carry his weight, even if he no longer had his angelic strength.
Like Sam.
He just...he just really wanted that pickle.
Sam's eyes were wide, but he seemed to be retaining everything that Jody was saying. Dean however, was lost thirty seconds into Jody's spiel. Thank god those weren't his tasks to complete. He'd have already failed.
With his mind made up. Dean made sure the garage was empty before he opened the box. He tossed the box into the backseat, fully prepared to throw it away after a brief nap.
Stupid hippie.
Dean's almost positive that having his knees this close to his stomach
Sam snorts, fake and too high to be remotely normal. At that sound Dean pounces like a lion, sliding across the bench in a way that pregnant, graceless Dean should not be able to. Ah man, now he's dealing with killer Dean.
"Dean?"
Dean nearly fell down the small set of steps between the bathroom and his room. He was dying. He probably only had a few months, no, days to live. If he wasn't worried a moment ago, he was seconds from a meltdown now.
By the time the machine was set up, he was already adjusting the examination table. When Dean was able to sit comfortably Doctor Mercury instructed Dean to pull up his shirt.
eating pickles.
But putting on pants that didn't look remotely stupid was harder than fighting the devil. Men's clothes didn't have a maternity section so he was stuck with what the women's section had.
"I-I don't understand." He says and Sam tries to pull away to speak, but Dean isn't letting him get far.
He's starting to think it was an ambush.
He ran out of metaphors by then, but the meaning behind them each still stood. He sat there for a moment, ignoring the furrow in Sam's brow and the blatant interest in the doctor's. This was rural Kansas, this was probably the first time he'd ever met a transgendered person (even though Dean wasn't really, this is how they were explaining this phenomenon, and if he were to keep this baby, it would have to remain that way until the end of his pregnancy).
"No Dean, I'm going with you, I don't want you bailing at the last second. You need to go to the doctor so just suck it up and get dressed. We're going."
Sam cleared his throat, sheepish, but he looked supportive, so Dean wasn't going to yell at him for coming with him. He probably would have handled this a lot worse had Sammy not been there.
Clearing his throat again, he spoke.
Dean's right. He deserves this.
He would kill Sam if he ever told anybody how quickly his face flushed. Still, he took the cup, waiting for the doctor to point out the nearest available restroom. Sam almost started after him, but the look of warning that his older brother sent him was enough to keep him firmly planted in his place. If not, a little put out.
He didn't need Cas. He didn't need Sam. He could do this on his own.
"Hey, it's all right, I'm so glad you called me."
"You forget something?" He asked, setting his carrots aside to rub his sticky fingers all over Sammy's wallet. Sam didn't answer as he began his descent down the stairs. He was halfway down when he spoke.
"So get this, I found this recipe for a spinach and mushroom omelet-
"Shut up, just write your list."
And he was cuddling the largest pillow Sam had ever seen.
Hopefully Sam could help him piece together what the fuck she meant by it.
Except, when he came back from the awkward cosmic family intervention, Cas wasn't there.
But he did, for the briefest of periods, forget that he was pregnant.
"Okay, now that we've got all the things that we could find on your list, is there anything else you were interested in looking for today?" Jody asked.
pants. Mainly for later in his pregnancy, but still they would work and jody said she could cut out the lining of his jeans and replace them with elastic if all else failed.
"I-I know Dean, I'm okay. Thank you, I think that that's enough."
This pillow was probably the best thing in his life. If he could, he would marry the thing.
"What can't you do honey?"
"Thanks doc, I'll give you a call back when we decide, uh, what to do."
Stomping over to the small shelf dedicated to baby books, he didn't even check the book he grabbed, just grabbed the first one within reach. All he knew, or cared about at least, was it had something to do with babies.
"You should bring your brother as well, I-I think a little support might be nice just in case."
Confusing, that's what it felt like almost every day. He was a pregnant
"Besides, who the hell else is going to hold my hair when I upchuck?"
He needs thirty of these.
Maybe he is a little big, so what? He's pregnant. He has an excuse.
Jody knew right when she got the jeans to his knees that they weren't going to fit.
It was morning, not that there were any windows in the bunker to indicate the time, but the happiness in his brother's voice sounded like he just got back from his morning run. And for some reason, he thought it would be a good idea to wake Dean up with the threat of an omelet.
It sounds nice, but Sam knows what set Dean off. He told Dean not to complain about being stuck up in the front seat, but then again, they hadn't given him much of a choice in the first place. Sam made the pallet of blankets in the back seat, he hadn't even asked Dean where he wanted to sit.
It brought moisture to his eyes and a smile to his lips.
Now though, for whatever reason, it was being a bitch.
Dean didn't answer, stubbornly ignoring his brother as he pushed himself to his feet. Kicking his feet into his slippers, he left their converted gym and marched as far away as he could get. No matter what his brother said, Dean was done having this conversation. He was perfectly fine for being a pregnant man and he wasn't going to listen to his dumb little-giant brother.
No, he knew why he couldn't stand the smell of smoke, ash, or anything remotely over cooked.
Claire picks up his phone holding it close to her face. There's something like amazement on her face, but her words hardly sound impressed.
Shit, was he really considering this?
"No Dean, ever since Cas left on that trip, you're more angry pregnant crazy than usual. Seriously, what gives?"
Just when Sam realized he had been staring for FAR too long, Dean's phone was ringing out from underneath the cushion. And this time, his brother was waking up.
Honestly, he probably couldn't. Driving made him queasy, as much as he hated to admit. But that wasn't the point. He didn't want to know if something was wrong. They had just gotten mom back and he knew there were going to be repercussions, there always were when things like this happened. Nothing good ever happened to them for no reason. Sure, he may have ended a feud between God and his sister, but fate liked kicking him in the junk whenever it got the chance.
He was technically a single parent and no matter how much Sam cared, he wasn't Dean's baby daddy.
"God, I am not your wife." He said with a watery laugh that Sam echoed.
Shit.
He wanted to do this.
No bun in the oven. No pit in the avocado. No joey in the pouch...
But sitting in the passenger seat, covered with his leather jacket and leaning heavily against the window, he knew nothing was worth that. He would never do something like this ever again.
Human.
But that wasn't the worst.
Sam's already stopped the car and is trying to find the overhead light to check on his brother. Dean hardly notices. He's too busy pawing at his shirt, cupping the curve that is his baby, in hand. He's doubled over, positive that if he moves he'll split right open like in his dream.
Women's jeans were so tight on his calves, of all places he thought would be a tight squeeze, he didn't even think about his fucking CALVES.
"Thank you for coming in as quickly as you did. I noticed something in the samples of blood that we drew on your first visit. I recall you telling me you had "bad" luck and should test you for the more...creative or archaic diseases or outlandish disorders."
The angel looks up, finding the long hair of (his aunt?) Amara and her dark brown eyes staring into his celestial being. Not many beings could do that, it was a little unnerving. Was this how Dean felt every time Castiel looked at his soul?
It took a second to realize it, but Sammy wasn't even looking at his face. He was looking at his stomach.
"So, what kind of test are we talking about here? Are you going to need another blood sample?"
Dean looks up then, taking in their surroundings, and when he sees just how close they are to Jody's he contemplates walking the rest of the way.
"C'mon Dean, you can do this."
Why can't he do it too?
"So, what brings you here?"
Jody questions Dean while simultaneously helping him try on clothes.
As his leg swayed with the action, Dean looked up, a scowl written on his face and a threat on his tongue. Before he could say anything, Sam spoke.
Sam, having grown use to Dean's newer, more emotional outbursts, just steered him to the guest room and set Dean down on his bed.
"I like the name 'Charlie'."
"I'm sorry." She says again, and Dean breathes a heavy breath.
Dean swallowed. The pen in his hand froze mid stroke.
Maybe Sammy wasn't like their dad, maybe he was like their mom.
Regrettably, what came out wasn't that great either.
By the time Dean comes back around, Sam and the doctor have already lifted him onto the examination table and were going over the results.
And the other great many number of children he's helped to save from the supernatural.
The doctor was breathing heavily like he had just ran from the lab to here. He was holding a clipboard in his hand, and Dean and Sam were waiting expectantly. The doctor pulled out his seat, rolling to the middle of the examination room.
he did, and that was a BIG "if," that would mean he would have to quit hunting. There was no way in hell he would drag a kid around on hunts like his father had done.
If Dean had known how hard buying pants was, he would've just went with the skirts.
The doctor was wiping away the gel from Dean's stomach while he continued.
"You guys thought of any names yet?"
"I did not faint." Dean interjected, but the doctor and his brother seemed unable to hear him.
There's something in his tone that has Sam turning around. Dean is half-standing and half-sitting near the edge of his bed. Despite the giant pregnancy pillow not two feet away, Dean is, frankly, intimidating. That posture makes it look like he's rearing to lunge at him, and Sam doesn't want to risk wrestling with pregnant Dean.
Dean shakes his head and is ready to stalk back off to the couch when Jody grabs his hand.
Taking the toy from his brother's hands, Dean decided to ignore the fist pump his brother did in light of his awesome find.
Three days into his stay at casa Mills, he had more Sam's hovering around his every move. Alex, the rising Nurse/doctor was asking all of these medical questions that Dean hadn't even considered himself.
Dean finally figures out what the hell took Castiel so long.
She doesn't know anything about him.
When they broke apart, slowly making their way back to the impala, a haggard looking Crowley and weary Castiel were waiting for them. This had been a shitshow.
It's nice.
the thing from developing, but it's a stressful situation. Give him a break.
He's pretty sure he and Sammy will end up playing with these more than the baby. It's not like he doesn't remember having toys as a kid, he tried his best so Sam could have the similar experiences that he had but he knows he fell short a lot of the time. He wasn't going to go through that again. He wanted his kid to have everything.
He'd wake up, get dressed or put on his robe, he'd start making breakfast for everyone and then he'd go toward the coffee machine.
The one voice he thought he'd never hear again is there.
It just couldn't.
Dean pulled away from the results, not fighting as Sam wrenched the clipboard out of his hands to read the results himself. Dean's mind was preoccupied. Remembering in vivid detail his interaction with God and Amara.
Sam sat there, his eyebrows raised nearly into his hairline (which isn't that impressive, but still).
It's a few minutes later that a knock sounds on the door and Dean has to lift his head out of his miserable pile on the bed. He doesn't get the chance to answer before Claire is letting herself into the room.
Dean is showing. Its official.
Any doubts he had on whether or not he wanted to keep the baby vanished. He wanted his baby. More importantly, he wanted his baby to be okay.
She could also see the impending meltdown that the hunter was fighting to hold back. A proud man like Dean Winchester would
Sam sighs, scratching the hair at the back of his head. If it's possible his hair smells like pickle juice, and Sam isn't particularly happy about that. Because that means Dean has somehow managed to turn him into a pickle, and now he's going to be eaten.
But that doesn't mean he didn't get distracted on hunts. Which is why it was perfectly fine that he wasn't looking for the book.
It's meant to be a light comment, but there's something that passes over Dean's face. Someone that didn't know him probably wouldn't have registered any change in his expression. But Sam has literally spent most of his life
It isn't until Sam ventures out of the library, pulled by the oven's timer, that he realizes how crazy he must look.
Missed calls from Sam (expected), messages from his mom (awkward), and a voicemail from Jody (...crap).
And not even the devil could change his mind.
The spiraling thoughts didn't help his stomach. He was on his knees, clutching the toilet for dear life. When he finally stopped, he was almost afraid to breathe in. Sitting up, panting through his mouth, he fought it as long as he could. Until he was on the brink of hyperventilating.
"I know that we help people, Claire. I know we've done some good. But I have done enough. I'm retiring. And I'm not worried about leaving the world in the hands if other hunters, do you want to know why?"
, this child is a part of you. I saw within Dean's soul, his deepest desires in life, and you were one of them."
Tears fall, one after the other, as he looks at her.
"I'm done hunting, Claire."
"Is Sam all right? Are you in danger right now?"
Jody helps him, an amused look on her face as she takes the shirt off of the hanger. Over his head and down his arms, the shirt is on and Dean wants to cry.
Dean's still sitting down, thank god, but his arms are crossed over his chest and he looks anything but happy.
Turning to look back at the screen, Sam followed the doctors mouse icon, pointing out the mass that was going to be his niece or nephew.
"No, I can do it. I said I was fine."
And there was the bitchface.
Sam sighs in relief and slowly pulls his hands away from Dean's. Both he and Castiel work, in tandem, to get Dean out of the car.
And Dean was pissed.
Band-aid. This was just like a band-aid, he just needed to spit it out and then he could have what ever that glorious smell was wafting in from the kitchen.
"I'm tired Claire. And not just because of little Fruitcake here. I've been doing this since I was like 5 friggen years old. Why the hell should I keep doing it when I don't want to? When I don't
"All right, I'll see you shortly Mr. Bonham." The line dropped and Dean was suddenly left standing in the quiet hall, confused and worried, possibly even a little scared. Not that he was going to admit that out loud, much less to his brother. Still, he called out to him as he rushed down the hall once more.
Dean doesn't feel the tears welling up in his eyes until Cas reaches over the bench seat with a gentle hand. As soon as the angel touches him, Dean jumps, and the tears pour over without his permission.
Sam jumps in attention, having just now realized some of this jumbled up venting is directed at him, not just Castiel.
He steered his cart closer, unknowingly squatting down before the thing like it was the holy grail. They looked so...cozy.
Sam had returned, the doctor leaving to get an ultrasound machine, and he was waiting stoically by his brother's side. If Dean wasn't so worried about his possible child, he would have noticed Sam was doing a shit job at pretending to be strong.
But Sam knows his brother, he knows getting him to sit down will be easier than getting him to calm down.
The angel's hand was slow as it came to rest on his hip. If he had to breathe in and out like humans, he'd be holding his breath in right now.
Chuck dammit, he wanted a hole to open beneath him. He wanted to cry and punch Sam and his dumb, baby-less stomach for getting to do literally anything other than this.
"You shut up, at least I have the hormone excuse, you're just a bitch."
Basically, he needed a new wardrobe.
"Oh for the love of- you know what, fine. I'll go to the friggen doctor if it will shut you up." Dean seethes.
he said, trying to push past the oddity that was his real and actual life, "got her to stop and they kind of headed off for a family reunion. Before she left, she said she was going to give me something that I needed."
Sam threw the impala into 'park' and snatched the keys from the ignition. If this had been any other time, Dean would probably yell at him for "mistreating" his baby. Though, right now they had a whole other baby to worry about.
Reaching out, he feels the material. It's nothing like his flannels. Sure those are pretty worn in and comfy, but they aren't
He was out of the store with the box in hand and the receipt tucked into his pocket like a dirty little secret.
"Sir, any tightness or-
He and Sam had started stocking up, but this kid wasn't going to be there for just a few weeks. It was going to be there forever.
kids to look after. She had more important things to do then listen to Dean bitch about his first experience as a woman.
"How are you feeling?" Castiel asks and Dean has to fight the urge to roll his eyes.
"Dean! You could be sick or-or you could have a strand of the flu virus. The flu kills like 300,000 people per year around the world. Half of our job is traveling around9, you could have caught it from anyone!"
"Now we have to use the transducer, even though your pregnancy is fairly early. A penetrative wand would provide a clearer image, but with this...situation...we'll make do."
Dean had to pretend that it hadn’t bothered him that he’d called Jack
“Even if he showed up right now, he wouldn’t want to see me.”
“Narc,” Mary said, winking at Dean as she got up instead of waiting for him to join her. She reached out to him for a hug and he wrapped his arms around her, never getting tired of being able to do that, even after everything. “Come on, sit down, eat a burger. You’re looking a little thin.”
“Yes,” Cas said, raising his own hand to press against Dean’s. “I know now.” He leans forward and kisses Dean on the lips, soft and gentle, the way Dean’s first kiss always should have been. A small sound, not quite a moan, slips out between them and Dean pulls back, breathing a bit heavier than before.
Dean always found that driving was the best way to clear his head, since he was first allowed behind the wheel.
“Well, come on in, have a seat at the table. We’ll talk it through and see what we can do. John, would you grab the lemonade and some glasses from the kitchen?”
“What, like you’re gonna watch your old home movies or something?”
Cas, though, looked like he’d caught the slip and was far less able to hide how it made him feel. Or maybe, Dean was finally able to interpret what all those facial expressions actually meant, now that he knew Cas’ big secret. “You don’t have to do this, Dean. I can spend the night here and we can ask Jack to set things right in the morning.”
“I would have-“
“What about my prayer to you? The one in Purgatory? You weren’t able to tell then, and I did everything but spell it out with a skywriter.”
Cas didn’t know what to say to that. Dean wasn’t wrong. But it was like Dean had forgotten how angry he’d been, how explosive he’d been, about almost everything. How difficult he’d made sharing anything, especially the truth, between them. How his toxic masculinity made it such a treacherous path to walk, that Cas had decided it was safer to walk it in silence and live without what he wanted than to say something and risk bringing everything down around him.
Cas swallowed and let his eyes close for just a moment. “He did, did he? Okay.”
“I’m thinking that’s what he wants us to discuss. You think?” Dean dealt out of hand of cards to each of them. Cas was assuming they were playing poker, which Dean had taught him before but it’d been a long time since they’d sat together and just played cards. Cas opened his eyes and picked up his cards. For some reason he couldn’t make heads or tails out of the what he had, so he set the pile back down on the coffee table.
“Set-up.”
Heaven was different than he remembered it.
Dean wants to argue the point.  They're still fighting, he wants to say, and if they can manage it, Lucifer will stay trapped in his cage, at least for a little while longer.  But the further they get down the road, the less likely it seems that they can stop it.  The woman in white is still standing there, arm reaching for help from him, reaching out for someone to rescue her.
“Oh,” he said, eyes sliding open as if in slow motion. “It was there, not quite all along, but long enough that…” He stopped and shuddered out a breath. “I didn’t know what any of it meant. I didn’t understand what I was looking at, what you were telling me.”
“Away from here,” Dean answered, clinging to Baby’s keys, letting the gate shut behind him. It didn’t make a sound and the lack of a slam or even a click made it an even more frustrating way to leave the situation.
John wasn’t sure what, exactly, he was supposed to make of that, just yet. He decided that he wasn’t doing a very good job at keeping up the ruse of reading and dropped his book to the ground. He swung his feet over the edge, trying to get out of the hammock and to his feet without looking like an idiot. Which was particularly difficult when trying to exit a hammock, just in general, but even worse when trying to do so at a fast pace.
Then he remembered that he was the Boss. He was in charge. There wasn’t anyone above him on the org chart (it was very odd that he suddenly knew about things like org charts when even a few days ago he couldn’t even tell you what Velcro was or who was currently President of the United States) and as such, he could do what he wanted.
The silt eventually would sink back to the bottom or get washed away, and then you’d be able to see your toes, barely peeking out from the mud and the sand and the rocks.
He parked Baby in the driveway, under the carport overhang his father had built just for the Impala, and headed to the backyard, where he could hear the stereo blasting what sounded like Boston. The gate unlatched and swung open like the hinges had been oiled with butter, smooth and silent. He shut it behind him and headed down the flagstone path to the sprawling back yard.
“You know exactly how they’re going, kid. What are you trying to do here?”
He had not brought up any of his questions or concerns, especially not wanting to do so in front of his mother. He didn’t want to have to explain why he’d never told her about Adam when she’d been alive and with them in the bunker. Or why he hadn’t confided in her about how everything had made him feel. About why he’d felt like there was a distance between them, a large part caused by Dean not wanting to make her return any harder than it already was and his need to protect her, which he’d suffered from since he’d been a very small kid.
“There are a lot of books out there about children of divorced parents or parents who were never in a serious relationship before the child came along and-“
“If you want to know the truth,” Dean’s voice made Cas jump, the sound unexpected and oddly vulnerable. “At first, I was mad. Because how could you hold on to all of that, all of those feelings for, what, ten years? A goddamn decade? More? And then decide the time to dump it all on me was the minutes before you were about to throw yourself under the bus for me, to take the bullet for me. Die for me.” Dean’s voice broke on the last word and he cleared his throat.
Jack reached the gate a bit before Mary and opened the latch, which meant that Mary only had to walk right up to him and envelope him in a huge hug the second she was close enough to do so. Jack leaned into her, pressed his face in to her hair for a moment, looking for all the world like he was holding back tears, and then he stood tall, looking directly at her face.
With that, Dean pressed forward and took Castiel’s mouth in a more passionate kiss, much less gentle, and pulled the two of them closer together on the bed.
He was making the rules and since he wasn’t trying to create the largest plot conflicts he could, like Chuck had been, Jack decided that he didn’t need to play by the same rules Chuck had made himself follow.
Dean reached for the doorknob.
“This has been a long time coming,” he said, hoarsely. “I don’t want to rush anything but…”
The man (boy?) who had arrived was a familiar face around these parts. The new ‘God” as it were, Jack. Bobby had couched for him, as had Mary, but John was never one to just take things like this lightly. John tried to focus back on his book, but kept his ears open for whatever was going on. God doesn’t just drop in for a visit, does he? It was suspicious.
He couldn’t believe it.
Karen. When Jack opened it up, took down the walls, I was able to find her. She’s at book club or she’d be right here with me, drinking her own beer.”
“Exactly,” Dean breathed out, leaning in for another kiss. “Now’s the perfect time to start making up that deficit. You game?”
“I’ll start a fire,” Cas said, not getting into any of the more important issues plaguing them at the moment.
"We should wake Sam up.  Get rid of this bitch."
Which was how John Winchester found himself pouring a tall glass of lemonade for God, a young man who called both of his sons (and this errant angel they all kept talking about) ‘dad’, who looked twelve, who was actually about three, and who had all the cosmic powers in the known universe. It was a bit unsettling, is what it was.
“Kill each other,” John laughed into his glass of lemonade whiskey.
In the course of their banter, they’d ended up standing close together, not even a foot apart, their eyes locked together, Dean able to feel the heat of Castiel’s body with as little space as there was between them. The moment Dean realized it, he took a step back, then had to watch as Cas’ face fell, just a bit, as he realized what Dean had done.
Mary Winchester always seemed to be doing something outside. She had a beautiful garden in the backyard and a lovely front display of roses and various other plants. She had window boxes with flowers and herbs, a finely maintained series of bushes and flowering baskets around and on the front porch, and she liked chopping her own wood.
“He will be once I’m done with him,” Dean muttered to himself as opened the door to the tiny coat closet, pulling out everything inside, looking for an umbrella or a poncho or something he could use to not get as soaked as he had in the bath, just trying to get to his car. In the very back, he found a child’s sized umbrella with yellow ducks and green frogs painted on the clear plastic that made up the umbrella’s canopy. “Hah! Yes!”
All of that came back to him, as if it’d just happened, as he took his first sip and continued with each additional drink.
“Wait, Dean and this Cas person? Who is Cas?” John had switched from lemonade to whiskey with a splash of lemonade, if they were going to have this kind of conversation about his kid. Mary rolled her eyes and made a face at Jack, who smiled that closed-lipped smile back at her.
“You know what it was like before. You had your own personal Heaven, and there were people in it, how you remembered them, how you wanted to remember them. It was just a shade of those people, not actually their soul or whatever, and honestly, after a while, if you knew that was the case, it was easy to see the strings, to find the edges of the holodeck. I had Karen, but I didn’t
, which they were going to talk about on the drive back to Jack, there wasn’t any way Cas was getting out of that one.
“If I tell you what I need, you can make it happen, whatever it is?” Mary asked.
He pulls a book of matches from his pocket and uses the lighter to start up the entire pack.  When he's sure it's really going, he drops the whole thing into the grave and feels the heat on his face as the gasoline ignites.  He's sees Sarah there for another second and then she's gone.
Jack was not good at sneaky.
"Yes, Dean.  I'm ready."  Sam's got that snotty tone that he adopted when he was about thirteen.  He gets it every now and then, and every time he does, Dean wants to do something immature, like give him a wedgie or drop some ice down the back of his shirt.  Now, he just ignores it, wanting to get this done before they got too far off track.
How much he loved Dean.
“The world is ending, Dean.  Lucifer is coming.  There are things on this earth that would prefer not to be, when the time comes. ”  Cas’s fingers curl a bit deep down Dean’s shoulder and then release their grip, the sudden lack of heat making Dean moan a bit, but just under his breath.  Cas leans back against the seat and closes his eyes, chest moving in and out as he sighs.  “She wants to rest now, to stop walking.  I do not blame her.”
“Dean’s angel, John. The one who pulled him out of Hell. Who put him back together.” Mary’s smile faltered a bit and she looked down at the condensation ring from her glass.
“I’m driving him back, Jack. You can’t keep us here.”
“Dean-“
"Do you want some help?"
He knew because he’d felt the same way, honestly. He wasn’t good enough for Cas. He had done a lot of terrible things in the name of doing good, but he was under no illusions that his bad acts were anything but that. Until Cas had spilled his guts, in that tiny space of time between Billie pounding on the door to reap them and the Empty coming to grab Cas and pull him away, Dean had convinced himself that he’d never be worthy of Cas’ love and that he’d never, ever get it. He’d be alone his whole life and he’d deserve every lonely minute of it.
“Partner, maybe?” Cas offered, seeing how Dean was not thrilled when he said ‘boyfriend’. “Less boy, less friend.” Then he smiled.
He just didn’t know what to do about it. The idea of confessing his feelings kept rolling through his mind, but he had a kneejerk reaction of
back there.  Totally serious."  Dean puts the car in drive and eases slowly forward, trying not to run through the woman in white, even knowing that she's dead and can't possibly feel it.  He takes the left turn slowly and stops in front of the little graveyard, pulling the Impala halfway off the road.
Mary’s hand whipped out and grabbed him by his upper arm, squeezing tight. “I take it back. You’re brilliant!”
time?
“Thinking ain’t doing, boy! Don’t wait too long.”
They cross the road and just as they pass through the tiny gate to enter the graveyard, the woman in white appears in front of them.  Dean jumps and he can hear Sam laughing softly behind him.
“Yes,” Cas says, sharing a look with Dean that felt like old times. Old, old times. “He’s tried to get me to do a number of things to resolve my, well, it doesn’t matter. He’d tried and I haven’t exactly been receptive. I imagine this is his version of an intervention.”
“That’s not what I said,” Dean snapped back. Cas held up a finger, right in Dean’s face, where even if he couldn’t see it, he should’ve been able to feel it there.
The lights went out.
“Who says I have a piece to say, Bobby?” Dean picked at the label on his bottle, suddenly intensely focused on getting the paper off without leaving any behind on the glass.
“Intervention? What, are you doing drugs? Have some kind of eating disorder? Oh, wait. You don’t eat.”
“Yes.” Jack sat tall, his glass in front of him, his hands on his lap, looking both as uncomfortable as anyone John had ever seen and perfectly comfortable in Mary’s presence. It was an odd dichotomy.
He didn’t remember Heaven being like this, but he knew this place, even if he only knew the idea of it. It was a good place to start, if nothing else.
“I need your help. With Dean and Castiel.”
They sat on the rug, at the coffee table, again, in just their boxer and assorted love bites, drinking coffee and watching the fire as they ate.
The lights hadn’t come back on but the fridge was running, which Dean had considered a win, and it didn’t seem too terribly cold in the room, although since it was Heaven, if it did get cold, it was because someone or something had willed it to be so. Cas was a bit concerned as to how far Jack was willing to go to get the result he wanted out of their current predicament.
He could negotiate with the Empty, sure. Jack could go talk to it and make a deal. But why? He could just solve the problem.
“Yes,” Cas said slowly, like he wasn’t quite following where Dean was going. Dean sighed.
Cas didn’t sleep, as a rule, but he closed his eyes and kept them closed, trying not to let this break him, not now, not after everything.
“You go and find Karen, then?” Dean didn’t intend to be cruel about it. Well, no, he did. He just felt bad about it after he said it, knowing that it wasn’t the kind of thing he should have ever said to Bobby, of all people.
Dean gets out, keys jingling in his hand, and he hears Sam do the same as he pops the trunk.  Two shovels (because God forbid that Cas actually help them dig up the body), the gas canister, a box of salt, and a shotgun, just in case.  He closes the trunk and tosses a shovel at his brother, who catches it easily in one hand.
“I don’t understand,” Jack said, still smiling but looking a bit lost.
“Dean Winchester, how dumb do you think I am? I have eyes and I’ve known you over half your life. I know that a) you got feelings, b) you got feelings about that damn angel, and c) you haven’t ever told him, because you’re
“What did you want to talk about?” Cas asked, trying to infuse his voice with everything positive he could come up with.
What the fuck?
"Ready?"  Sam's got both shovels and the gas canister in hand.  Dean looks at him for a second, taking in the dirt across his chin and the rip in his flannel shirt.  His hair's a mess- there's a leaf stuck in there somewhere, Dean is sure.
“Son, where do you think you’re going?” Dad said, voice raised, as Dean stalked towards the back gate.
He stood, awkwardly, in the corner of the room, his trench coat hanging loose and lank against his body, face tired and drawn. He smiled at Dean, but it was a sad smile, in more ways than one.
“Doesn’t matter. Come live with me in my fake house and eat my fake food but be my real, what, boyfriend? For as long as we’re both here, I guess.”
“I would have known,” he said, raising his own chin, unwilling to give in but feeling completely lost.
“Jack asked you?”
"You ready?"
wouldn’t have held back. He’d have reached out to Dean, even if Dean would have slapped his hands away. Dean being a prickly son of a bitch had never deterred Castiel before and something in Dean was sad that it was now.
Neither of them were perfect, not before and certainly not then, but they’d never been this honest with each other, this open. It was both refreshing and terrifying all at the same time.
know things. Like that you’d be visiting today. For dinner.”
"What's happening?"  Sam sounds like he did when he was five, tired and cranky.  Dean is not in the mood, not with the fatalistic angel in the back seat and the woman in white blocking the road.
“As Chuck’s replacement, I decided that I couldn’t leave you there or leave the Empty awake and angry, so I fixed it.”
Now that Jack had the wisdom of God and the understanding of the original creator, he knew that it was much more complicated than that, that he’d been so naive about all of it, even with Sam trying to help without making things harder than they needed to be.
It didn’t take long to get to the front door from the kitchen, just a few steps, but between his first step off the kitchen tile to his first touch of the front doorknob, there was a crazy series of lightning flashes and then a terrible crash of thunder, like Thor himself was standing right outside the front door. Dean swung the door open and found a torrential downpour heaving from the skies above, the rain so heavy that he couldn’t see across the driveway to where Baby was parked.
Dean raised the hand with the keys, both a ‘I hear you’ and a ‘I’m leaving’ signal, and kept walking to the Impala. “Got it, Bobby. See you later.”
“Hey, Mom. I don’t remember telling you-“
“He won’t be here for a very long time.”
"Dude, do you think Lucifer is going to win?"  Dean's voice is sharp, defensive.
Castiel had all but ran from the room. Jack had sighed. And started to work on a plan.
"God damn it, Cas.  What the hell?"  He keeps his voice as low as possible, the words tight and dry in his mouth.  He hasn't said much of anything for a long stretch of time now, and he probably needs some water or a beer or something to wet everything down.
“Something like that.” Cas pulled his focus in, everything he still had access to at the moment working to bring him as many interactions with Dean from their past life as he could find. Images, sounds, smells, they all slide across his memory like a high-speed slide show and as he looked through everything, knowing what he knew now, he could see it.
“Oh, was that a joke?”
“Yes,” Jack said. “I knew you would understand.”
“If you think that’ll keep me from driving Cas back, you haven’t met me!” Dean yelled to the ceiling.
“Well, neither do I,
“What do you think he wants?” Cas asks, his voice quiet, deep and rumbling low.
“If you can’t tell, that isn’t my problem.”
“Am I not speaking English?” Cas asked, starting to get annoyed, which honestly was better than the kicked puppy vibe he’d been giving on before. “I. Can’t. It’s not working.” He held up his hands and tried a few of the obvious tricks he’d done for Dean in the past and there was nothing, not even the mildest of glows from his grace.
Castiel wasn’t exactly thrilled to be in their current situation. He was thrilled to be with Dean, that wasn’t a question, but being with a Dean that didn’t want to be with him wasn’t exactly what he considered a good time.
Castiel was isolating himself and no matter how happy he claimed to be, Jack knew his heart and Castiel’s heart was with Dean Winchester.
“We do have a lot of time to make up for,” Cas said, running his hands up Dean’s sides, the ring warm on his left hand.
“You should move in with me,” Dean said, talking through his third strip of bacon, dipped liberally in real maple syrup.
The first tendrils of caring, concern, friendship. The way those feelings morphed and changed as trust was built and broken between them, over and over again, and how all of that eventually molted and shifted and became love.
Later, much later, after Jack had replaced the office furniture with comfortable couches and chairs, like there’d been in the bunker (especially after Dean had decided that comfort was the name of the game) and he’d given Castiel a warm cup of tea that smelled like cinnamon and cardamom, Jack sat down, having decided that they needed to talk about it.
“That kid is going to be seven kinds of grounded when I get back, I can’t even believe him.” Dean pulled his jeans up, buttoning and zipping as he spoke, everything about every movement frustrated and annoyed.
“So, I say again, you gonna go find your boy? I know he’s here. You know he’s here, now. You gonna go grab him and say your piece?”
At least it was, until he walked out of the bathroom, having taken a long bath (which he would never admit to, ever) while reading
Dean didn’t know how you brought up your dad’s Baby Mama, whom you hadn’t known about at all until the worst-case scenario had happened, and now, all three parents, as it were, were in Heaven. Together. But that was the thing. Were they together? Like, did Kate come over for dinner? Did she stay at the house? Did Dad spend time with her? Like
“That can’t be true,” Cas ground out, like his throat was filled with broken glass.
“Jack!” Mary called out to him, her voice making the young man smile, an odd look crossing his face as he saw her.
“He didn’t have to.” Jack tapped his temple. “Chuck powers.”
He wasn’t sure if he was disappointed or not when the person walking around the corner of the house, towards the fence gate, was someone other than Dean. Who he’d expected to come back at some point, after their blow-up at the barbecue dinner, but they’d seen neither hide nor hair of him, and as far as he was away, they hadn’t gotten a phone call or any other communication from him since then, either.
“That’s what Dean said,” Jack told John, leaning in like he was imparting a secret.
It felt right to sit there, on the porch of the Roadhouse with Bobby, and just
“What’s happening?” Cas stepped towards the center of the room, his hands starting to come up but then he pulled himself back, as though he was keeping himself from doing something he knew he shouldn’t. The Cas from
“Cas is here, he told Dean how he feels, Dean is here, he feels the same way but won’t admit it, and you want them to at least talk to each other but Cas doesn’t want to risk looking like an idiot and won’t even talk to you about it. Dean is… Dean. You need to find a way to get them together without looking like you’re trying to get them together. Is that about it?” Mary took a sip of lemonade then ran her finger around the lip of her glass.
“Jack. Jack did something,” Dean grumbled, getting more and more annoyed with his kid. “He and I need to have a conversation. Let’s take this back to the office or wherever you guys have been hiding out, and let’s see what the kid has to say for himself.”
“More books in the world than any one person could ever read in a million lifetimes. If you can’t work on that ‘to be read’ list in Heaven, then you ain’t in Heaven.”
“I mean, technically speaking, you don’t either, but that’s neither here nor there,” Cas said, smirking.
Dean climbed into bed, under the covers, next to Cas but not touching. It was quiet, not even the sound of electricity in the wires or water through the pipes cut through the night. They should be able to hear the fire, but this was far from a natural circumstance, so Cas didn’t worry that the crackling of wood burning hadn’t made it down the hall to their room.
us to talk about all the things that you’ve forced under the rug for, what, my whole life?”
Porn had given him too many images to choose from, and his brain choosing to insert (ugh) his father’s face onto the head of a random porn dude Dean had seen in the past was enough to make him want to be celibate for the rest of eternity. Which, he guessed, he was starting to spend.
“Dean,” Cas started, which had Dean raising his hand, the one with the umbrella no less, to cut him off, when the phone hanging on the wall began to ring. It had been a very long time since Dean had heard an actual telephone hanging on an actual wall ring, so it took him a minute to realize that was what was happening.
And yet, he’d never felt as inadequate or unprepared as he suddenly felt once he understood what he had really been.
“Dean, if you want me, you have me. For as long as you’ll keep me. It’s all… it’s all I’ve wanted. I’m yours.”
He stood up, brandishing the umbrella in one hand. “I’m gonna go out there, get the car, and drive’er over her to grab you, so you don’t get too wet, and then we’re going to have a long talk with our kid.”
It was exactly the kind of shit Dean didn’t want to ever think about, because thinking about his parents have sex with each other was traumatic enough, let alone having sex with other people, or all of them having a… whatever… together. As a group.
“What help could I possibly give her?”  Dean asks the question, his foot heavy on the brake.  His eyes look up, into the rear view mirror, trying to catch Cas’s gaze.  He doesn’t like how unsure he sound, how desperate he seems.
“We’re around back,” John called out, from his hammock strung up between the two largest oak trees in their yard. He waited to see who would be coming through the gate this time, both looking forward to and dreading the moment both his boys appeared in Heaven.
“Why not?” Dean asked, and Cas just knew he’d raised his chin, in that ‘ready to fight’ pose he’d always been so good at taking. “You don’t have exclusive rights on stupid, selfish self-hatred and lack of self-worth. Trust me, I’ve heard it all since I’ve been up here.”
Castiel rolled over, still on top of the covers, still in the blackness of the power outage but he needed to be facing Dean, even if it was only just knowing that was what he was doing.
With a sigh, he dropped the umbrella onto the floor and shut the door. “Fuck,” he said, under his breath.
“So, you gonna go find your boy or you just gonna sit there and mope, like an idjit?” Bobby took a drink from his own beer, raising his eyebrows as he looked at Dean.
the smile through the darkness.
And…. There. He found it, the entity known as the Empty. With a snap of his fingers (it was very Chuck of him, but he decided he’d think of it more like that comic book movie Dean had made him watch, with the giant purple man, instead and he’d feel less terrible about it), he’d put the Empty back to sleep (which was the only thing the creature seemed to want on any level, beyond punishing Castiel for waking it up) and pulled Castiel up to Heaven with him, with a second snap of his fingers.
Dean threw open the door, ready for the rain he’d seen before, but instead, there was a wall of snow. A mini avalanche of snow and ice fell back into the cabin, landing on top of Dean’s boots and the small rag rug just inside the door.
“Cas, you know I can’t. I can’t-”
“Eileen! How’s it been?” Dean pulled the female hunter into a quick hug, before holding her out at arms’ length in jest. “Sammy tells me nothing; still got all the important parts?” He put on a look of mock concern, seconds away from playfully patting her down for bullet wounds.
. Dean couldn’t even process how the entire effect of Cas, sound, image, and all, hadn’t made Dean lose control and cum right then and there in his jeans. It was the single most sexy thing he had ever laid his eyes on. He later blamed it on shock and not his iron will.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’re both idjits, you know that?” Cas cocked his head at the words. Dean leaned away back into his seat, but Cas felt him place his hand over his, light and warm. “I thought you regretted it, Cas. I thought I took advantage of you.”
Dean had to untangle his fingers from Cas’s hair when the angel stood and sent him a questioning look. The hunter nodded, letting his angel know he could use another beer. It still astounded him that they could communicate without saying even a single word. Cas slipped silently out of the room, shaking his head with a smile.
He was still internally debating, ignoring what was sure to be a heavy bitch glare from Sam, when Cas walked into the kitchen. Dean’s heart leapt with the sudden opportunity to change the topic to something much safer. He extended his cooling cup of coffee to Cas, who took it in stride to sit next to Sam, and began pouring himself another. He had just opened his mouth, not sure what he’d say, when horror struck.
Cas looked up, his eyes guarded. “Dean. I am glad we were able to solve your problem. It might be prudent of us to restrain ourselves next time so that you are able to learn proper grooming on your own.” Cas bent to reach for his belt, his zipper still undone and teasing Dean with the sight of Cas’s dark curls. Dean didn’t let on that Cas was forgetting his underwear, stupidly thinking it might be his only token to take from tonight.
Cas tilted his head in a way reminiscent of his old angel days, which brought a loving stare into Dean’s eyes that spread to light a smile across Sam’s face. He was still eternally amazed and grateful that the two had finally gotten their heads out of their asses. He swore that they had been the only two left to not see how hopelessly in love they had been.
Dean let himself laugh lightly before responding. “While that’s important information,” he tried to force away any thoughts that passed through his mind about Cas enjoying pain, “I sorta meant to ask whether you’ve been doing ok? Anything you actually enjoy?” Dean pressed his lips shut before he felt himself keep rambling. Because he just might mention what he enjoyed most recently, and that wouldn’t end well.
“I don’t think we need time. You definitely take the crown!” Nick laughed as Cas instantly turned a bit shy, a total transformation from the rock god Dean had just witnessed seconds before. He mirrored his love’s smile as Nick looked expectantly at Cas, which just seemed to just confuse him further. “Did I forget to mention the winner always sings an encore?” Cas looked shocked, which Dean understood since Nick had definitely forgotten that little detail. Dean was just worried he wouldn’t be able to withstand another song without jumping his angel.
Dean watched Cas’s chest rise and fall lightly. “How did you know to come?” Dean was trying not to be too suspicious of the archangel, but anyone with wings had gained his mistrust over the years, Cas and Jack being the only exceptions.
He felt a sudden urge to run. He couldn’t be here. Cas wouldn’t stop breathing if he wasn’t there to hear it. Feel it. Couldn’t happen if he wasn’t there. Why wouldn’t Cas just answer him? What had he done? Was it punishment, was it divine intervention? There was no air, why was there-
Cas ignored his warning, “Talking helps to distract me from what you’re-” Cas hissed again as Dean pulled the fishing line through, “doing. How, Dean?” He pressed, hoping Dean would talk to him, helping him to ignore all the different aches he felt.
“You are the drug that diffuses my loneliness and pain.” Cas shifted his hand again, down to Dean’s neck, and in a moment of pure abandon, he pulled Dean forward into a kiss, hot and rough in his need. Whether caused by the edge of pain that still existed throughout his body, or perhaps a product of his newfound humanity, he didn’t care to question his actions. Especially when he felt Dean begin to kiss him back.
“Cas, take it,” Dean looked like he thought he had lost his mind, but Cas was completely sure of his decision. There was no doubt in his heart that this was the correct choice.
What did you think? Even if you hated me by the end, leave me a comment so I know how to improve! Love you all!
Dean felt his brow crease with a flash of worry as he caught Cas grimace. The man rubbed his temple, trying to rid himself of the headache he had been complaining about for most of the ride. Dean had offered to stop off for some Tylenol, but Cas had insisted that the case was more important. Luckily Sam had found something for him in his duffle, but it seemed to have not completely done the trick. Dean had to remind himself that Cas was not a child and would warn him if there was anything to worry about, but he still couldn’t help being concerned.
Cas refused to remove his eyes from Dean as the hunter came back to the bed, walking around to the opposite side from Cas, fearing that he would disappear if he even blinked for a moment. Dean lay down on top of the comforter, laying his head back against the pillows. Cas let instinct move him toward Dean. He stretched out next to Dean, close enough that he could lean in and kiss Dean’s shoulder if he chose. Dean pulled Cas by the shoulders, bringing him across to press their chests against each other. Their lips met again, bringing small smiles to both their lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothing! Can’t I just have one day where I don’t feel like saving everyone else’s ass?” Dean sighed and rolled his shoulders, trying to dispel the tension between them. He caught the look Sam was throwing his way. “Don’t you dare go there, Sammy. This has nothing to do with me being a demon. I just want a day off.” Dean stared his brother down, willing him to just get the hint. He felt himself relax just a tad when Sam threw his hands up in surrender.
“Unless little Cassie is hiding some important parts, what Dean has been doing with my brother won’t make a Nephilim.” Dean responded silently by flipping his middle finger up at the archangel. “This is a spell. A very old spell that most of the host had forgotten.”
“Sam,” Jody’s voice pulled him back to reality, worrying him over how easily he was disconnecting, “I meant Dean. How’s he handling all of this?” Sam was surprised that Jody would even need to ask, but he thought she might just need confirmation of her fears.
, was his undoing, and he tumbled over the edge, his own release shooting across both their bellies. Hot and sated and aching, Cas tried to look up to Dean’s face, he wanted to remember the look of Dean’s orgasm on his face, but the bliss stole the remaining energy left in Cas and he was asleep even before he felt Dean leave his body.
Minutes later he stood under the hot spray of the water, feeling a sort of healing from the warmth and pressure it provided. He made slow work of his body, turning every now and again to focus another patch of soreness underneath the stream. Showers had held a sort of therapeutic quality since he had become human, but warm ones with decent water pressure had been few and far between. He forced himself to focus on the water, the heat, the steam, anything other than the nagging voice that wanted him to wallow in his regret.
Sam had abandoned his paper and was looking to Cas. “Tell Dean I’m right.” There was a snark in Sam’s voice that was saved only for when he thought he had one over on Dean. If he only knew. Cas tilted his headed and his blue eyes flicked between Dean and his brother.
“How are you not dead?” Dean almost wished he could be less blunt, but his need for Cas to be alright trumped any polite air he would have attempted.
Charlie came next, no jokes in her normal way, rather she grabbed Dean without a word. Sam silently thanked her for pulling Dean into the tightest hug he had ever witnessed his brother receive, watching as the two both shook as they held each other. Charlie was another one who would hurt alongside them, having grown incredibly close to Cas over the last two years. It was a painful moment as Sam realized just how much Cas had become a part of everyone, and how much they would all lose in just a few hours time.
regret it?”
Cas watched as Dean took that moment to break their contact and slide his jeans and briefs down his hips in an action that was much quicker and more graceful than Cas imagined was possible. As he tossed the garments aside, Cas took the hint and copied Dean’s actions, hoping he looked half as good to Dean as Dean looked to him.
So, he allowed himself to be honest in his reply: “Completely.”
Jody stayed with them through the next two days, running down to the cafeteria several times to try to get food for Dean. Sam knew her efforts would be ignored, but she didn’t seem to know what else to do for them. He could empathize completely with the feeling, constantly wanting to start a conversation, anything, just to get Dean to speak. Besides quiet whispers, prayers to Cas, Dean had not spoken to anyone since the doctor had first told them Cas was comatose. He had barely even acknowledged the food and drinks that Jody had kept supplied, just taking a bite or two and a drink when they were offered.
Dean waited for Cas to continue and prompted when he didn’t, “What actually happened, Cas? Gabriel said it was a spell? That Naomi was behind it?” Cas nodded and sat up slowly, leaning against his headboard. Even though he looked exhausted, Dean felt comforted that Cas looked otherwise unharmed so far.
“Tracked your phone. Dude,” Dean surveyed Cas quickly, and while he was definitely worse for wear than the last time Dean had seen him, Dean was relieved to see that nothing looked life-threatening. “What happened to you?” His arms reached out of their own accord as Cas tried to move into a more seated position. He steadied him as Cas tried to steady his breathing.
“I’ve got some in the parking lot and a few inside and around the building.” Nick flipped through a few feeds on a small black and white monitor. Dean leaned in close, looking for any sign of what had happened to Cas. Even the smallest thing could make or break their rescue, and he just had to tell himself that they had time.
The nursing staff pointed him down the hall to a small room with a coffee machine, for which he thanked them profusely. He pulled out his phone, sending a quick text over to Eileen that would tell her nothing but what she already knew. And then he paced as he began making the calls that he had been dreading since setting foot in the emergency room hours before.
But, even though Cas had denied otherwise, Dean still knew he was poison. Everything he touched was ruined beyond repair. Sooner or later, Cas would finally see it too, and he would lose everything that was perfect in his life. He pulled Cas closer into his shoulder, memorizing the way he felt there in his arms, knowing it would all be over in the morning.
Cas found his hands were shaking slightly from the adrenaline as he stepped off the stage. He grinned as Dean pulled him immediately into a deep kiss, which didn’t surprise Cas in the least. He hadn’t expected Dean to be open about their relationship on cases and in bars, but since day one Dean hadn’t held back. It was like the hunter was finally living in the moment with him, trying to take it all in as often as he could. Which, if Cas was honest, he didn’t really mind. He would take Dean’s affections anywhere. He just hoped Dean could someday stop feeling like the end of the world was always around the corner.
They continued right up until they pulled into the bunker’s garage. They were laughing about a lyric Cas had misheard, when they both seemed to come back down to reality in the same breath. Cas lowered his gaze to his hands, wishing that the inevitable would just pass them by if he kept quiet. But that would be too easy, and he knew his life was never that.
He looked over, watching the slow rise and fall of Cas’s chest, a light snore leaking from his parted lips. Dean tried to readjust as slowly as possible, so as not to wake Cas. Blue eyes stayed closed, breathing still even and soft, but he did roll over and surprise Dean by laying his arm across Dean’s chest, snuggling deeper into Dean’s shoulder. The action caused Dean to feel a smile slowly creep across his lips, and he let Cas sleep.
He forced his eyes open and saw a smirk on the angel’s lips. “More, Dean? How much more?” Dean shook his head, trying to make Cas understand that words were no longer a viable option. But Cas instead kept his hand moving, his smirk growing wider, his movements slowing to a tease. “You’ll need to speak if I am to understand your needs, Dean.” Dean tossed his head back, trying to blink enough times to clear his head. It didn’t work, of course, not that Dean was sure why he thought it would.
Like the little shit that he is, Sam smiles.
"But," he said, still rubbing circle's into Dean's back. "If this is something that you
So, they kept their mouths shut whenever he had food in his hand. If it's even right to call his monster creations food.
It was crazy.
Dean didn't say anything back, too busy studying the "shirt". It was long, not flowy sundress long, but it would probably reach his knees if he put it on. (And that was a big IF.) It looks actually more like a Jersey than anything else. It wasn't flowery or pink or purple, it didn't have anything stupid or motivational printed on it, it just had the number 33 written on it, for whatever reason, and Dean realized he really wanted to try it on.
The meltdown that Dean thought he was spiraling toward suddenly pumped the breaks and Dean couldn't help but snort. Good God,  if he was so worried about that (not that he ever has since he found out about the baby) he should've called Maury Povich.
Claire talks first, the lack of filter on her never ceases to amaze him.
Jody's bullshit, he could get one of those big ass cookies from the cookie place. And a pretzel. With hot sauce.
Dean watches with sullen eyes as Jody waves goodbye to them from the porch. Logically, he knows he's going to see them again, it's just the thought of
Dean stopped breathing.
Dean laughed weakly, trying to think of a reason other than the obvious, how to explain everything. Before he could, however, Cas beat him to the chase.
Dean looked up at Sam, eyes glassy but filled with a light he hadn't seen in days.
He's not ashamed to admit it. He cried.
Dean gets a call back from the doctor's, he's got to come in for a few more tests.
Like. A LOT.
"You okay with that?"
He finally stands upright and doesn't wait for Sam to say anything as he marches out the door.
"Amara knocked me up."
They both looked up when Dean's alias was called.
He may not have Jody, but he has the second best thing. Claire will definitely jump down his throat once he makes his way out of the terminal.
He had calmed down to a simple fidget. It was worrisome, but certainly better than the hyperventilating.
If it is possible, he forgot about it.
*      *      *
Gently pulling his hand away, the doctor felt around the surface of his head, stopping only to shine a light directly into each of his eyes.
He has no idea where he's at, but he knows that there is warmth somewhere nearby.
Dean doesn't honestly know how they talked him into it. One minute he was sitting in bed, propped up (thanks to his head injury and the FIVE chickens mother-henning him to death). And the next, Claire is bringing him a snack and Alex is fluffing his pillows.
Heavier foot steps come into the living room and Dean knows that its his brother without even having to open his eyes. Sam walks over to where he's laying and nudges him with a sock-covered foot.
"Sir, can you hear me?" One of the paramedics says.
He's contentedly watching an old western when his phone starts ringing. Pausing the movie, he absently wipes the crumbs on his shirt and reaches for his phone.
"Okay, first I have a few questions, is it all right if I ask them in front of your brother?"
"And get some apples, I want to make pie."
His first breath of air through his nostrils wasn't smoke. Thankfully, he could only smell his recent activities.
He forces himself onto his knees and grabs ahold of his brother's shoulders.
They had the baby already figured out, ready to head back to Kansas as soon as possible. All that was left was Lucifer, and he was up in the wind. Dean wanted to be optimistic about at least one thing that had come from this, but Sam didn't see it the same.
Looking down at his brother, he couldn't deny just how right the angel was. They had been through hell and Dean deserved peace. They all did. Maybe a baby was just what they needed.
He'll probably be mortified later, but...he dropped his hot pocket.
"So these results are sound, I get that, but my question is since Dean had his...
Sam was honestly impressing Dean with how well he's managed to keep his mouth shut. He was quiet leaving the clinic, getting into the impala, and even on the drive back to the bunker. Though, Dean
"Impregnant"
It's been years since he's had a break like this, but Sam has seen it before. Their father did a number on Dean without even having to lay a single finger on him. He causes Dean to retreat into the far recesses of his mind. To ignore even his basest needs.
The doctor shook his head, moving back toward the line of cabinets against the wall. He offered a small cup to Dean, nodding at it with his head.
Awkward.
Sam makes it to the end of the street and Dean already misses them.
"Dad's dead Dean." Sam says, suddenly ten times more worried than he was before.
Sam looks surprised, the admission is both a much needed and cherished one.
He wasn't even the father.
"You don't even need that much leg room Dean."
He was sure his heart stopped too, but suddenly a rapid beating filled up the room and he looked to the doctor in question.
Dean didn't protest, frozen in that place he went to now and again since this discovery. So Castiel took that as a sign to move his hand further around his waist.
he was before because he's seriously toeing the androgynous line. And he's okay with it.
Cas was squinting at him, his lips were warm against Dean's palm and Dean pulled away like he was burned.
His eyes began to fill with moisture and just when he began to seriously worry that he was about to start crying over fruit, Sam walked up behind him.
It wasn't until he was driving out of the garage that he allowed his thoughts to commence. Stupid Sam and his stupid yoga. And stupid Cas.
"Can't do what honey?" She asks but Dean shakes his head, clutching onto her all the more tighter as he buries his face in her scent.
Cas is already getting out of the Impala when Sam unbuckles his seatbelt to fully face his brother. The passenger door opens and Castiel is kneeling on the ground beside them.
Dean was conscious, that much he knew. He could feel his entire body aching, so he had to be awake. He didn't open his eyes though, intent to just lie here in denial for a few more minutes.
Dr. Mercury was more than happy to answer all of Sam's questions, especially after answering the biggest one that the doctor, himself, had. How had a man gotten pregnant? Easy, he had the right parts...ish.
Answering the phone, he doesn't bother offering a name, and simply says, "hello".
Also, I don't like how Bobby's character died so I'm just going to pretend that never happened.
It's like looking at a ghost.
He didn't know why, but anytime someone asked him that question, even before he got pregnant, he got upset.
As it rings, he absently scans the shelves, slightly dwarfed by the wall of sippy cups and bibs. Kids needed so many things and he was hardly prepared.
He's been trying to break free, but he's only succeeded in breaking down.
It comes in stages, his brother's resurfacing. Dean manages to scrounge himself into a smaller ball. Protecting his stomach, his
What the fuck was it?
Dean was half out of his seat, ready to tackle Cas to the ground. But it was too late. Castiel bent down to grab the picture, staring at it intently like he did whenever he was trying to read someone's thoughts.
They hadn't even told Cas.
Like she had kicked his puppy.
Sam and Cas were going to continue hunting (if Dean was there or not) and the world would keep turning.
When the doctor finally turned around to face them, he was looking over the notes Dean had written onto the check-in sheet.
"Have you...told mom?"
Grumbling, Dean storms off to his room, most definitely not slamming his door.
She was great at giving that disappointed mom look.
But Sam must be reading his mind or something, because he merely turns in his seat and restarts the Impala. Dean doesn't say anything, and by Sam's reaction, he isn't expecting him too.
"Sammy," He starts and his little brother looks over at him, deer-in-the-headlights. "You wouldn't happen to know why Cas ended up in Thailand. Would you?"
Just as the fire cocoons him, he closes his eyes and screams.
"C'mon, the girls are dying with questions. Jody's starting breakfast."
Bringing up Cas was a sore spot for him, the angel hadn't replied to any of his texts in the past week or answered any of the calls he knows Sam has made.
"Dean are you alright? I was calling because you left Los Angeles quickly and I was worried that your fall might have been more severe than we originally thought."
was scary.
Rushing to the kitchen sink, Dean threw up everything in his stomach and more. His kidneys were probably in there. His throat was burning and his eyes were watering. The sink started running in the same time that Dean felt a hand on his back.
Shit. They were lucky Dean wasn't
A growl leaves him and suddenly he's tossing his coat onto the ground. Fingers dig into the mess that he's ruffled his hair into. Tugging on the strands, the angel doesn't know what he's supposed to do, he isn't even sure if Dean wants his help with this child. The man was perfectly capable of raising a child, Samuel was evidence enough of that.
They ended up in undergarments, Sam had already disappeared, searching for the rest of the things on Jody's list.
was going to happen!" He starts and Dean dives in for the jugular.
The jalapeno peppers are beeping in the oven and Dean is stuck sitting there with his dumb thoughts. They are going to burn if he doesn't get up, but he's pretty sure he's having a mini mental breakdown and he doesn't want to risk splitting his already fucked up head by getting up.
it felt too.
And since when had he transformed?!
You're Dean Winchester and Dean Winchester-
Dean tries to shake his head, but Cas won't let him get far. So he says between short breaths, "can't."
"Charlie." He says and there's a spark of recognition in Dean's eyes that doesn't full burn until he finishes with,
Sam doesn't reply right away and Dean wants to ram his head into the dressing room door.
His hands shake and his eyes gloss over with tears that he can't seem to fight back.
If anything, his head began to hurt more.
Or the week before that.
Sam blinks, he looks confused, but Castiel can't be certain. The expressions that the younger Winchester make are always so hard to interpret, much more so than Dean. But then again, he could spend a millennia staring at Dean Winchester, he's probably already memorized every freckle on that man's face by now he could paint a picture of him with his eyes closed.
"Yeah, he said he had some business, but it's fine. I'm
Spitting one last time into the sink, Dean stood up. He pulled away to get a good look at Cas' face, trying to gauge his expression. But like always, Cas looked indifferent, curious, but mainly indifferent.
"Sir?"
Pregnant Dean was a whole other person and making him upset made her upset.
He might have gone down the rabbit hole of Babies-R-Us, lost in the neverland of toys, but he couldn't help it. He was going to have a baby and babies used tiny little toys. Tiny little giraffes, happy little bunnies, bright red trucks, a set of keys that couldn't possibly start any kind of vehicle, and one of those annoying popper vacuums.
Open the door.
"All right Mr. Bonham, I will look into your samples as soon as I can, until then, try to stay away from foods or drinks that could possibly worsen your stomach problem. No alcohol, greasy food, stick to baked or boiled things, especially fresh fruits or vegetables. Anything you can stomach, you should eat."
Dean's eyebrows rose. His stomach turned again and he had to take a few calming breaths so as not to end up hunched over the toilet again. If they were pushing his case over others, it was probably something bad. Chuck dammit.
"Okay, so when we're finished here, Dean and I will be heading to a few other stores. I'll need you to go to the electronics store and look for some baby monitors, I've sent you a few that work really well signal-wise for the bunker's depth. Also, there is a bookstore in here with a couple of books on feeding techniques and I want you to find one and grab whatever bottle brand they recommend."
The angel took a step back as well, dazed with that pungent need, unaware of what came over him.
People had flesh and bones and organs that needed to be included.
A sound from the hallway pulled them both out of their thoughts. The doctor knocked on the door and at Sam's voice, he rolled in a large screen with multiple accessories and a small keypad.
Now that he's sitting back once more, his free hand is pooled on his lap, he's consciously fighting the urge to cup his belly now that he has all of the attention right on him.
Dean was curled up around his pillow and subtly sniffling while Sam and Alex went to the store to get more pickles.
Cas holds Dean's hand the entire time, up until they reach the radiology suite, where Castiel has to wait outside.
"Will these test results take as long as the others did?"
It's so quiet.
Huffing, he pulls away from the window a shoves the pillow into the footwell.
Dean's hand tightened on him and Sam sighed.
His back was to the stairs but he knew Sam had forgotten his wallet. Dean was staring at right now.
But was he ready to retire?
Two shakes and a cup full of pee later, the doctor was asking the boys to wait while he processed Dean's sample.
Dean packed enough supplies to last them two months, most of it didn't fit in the trunk so it migrated to the back seat. Sam must have moved some stuff around, but, like a fool, he forgot to bring the cooler up there. Away from his pregnant clutches.
He's pushing a cart with no real intention of filling it up when his thoughts drift off to the women he did have in his life. The ones who have been through this process. Jody, Ellen, and most importantly, his mom.
Though, after visiting Doctor Mercury, they had settled into a menial routine. It consisted of, mainly Sam, tiptoeing around the bunker. Dean was still trying to adjust to his decision, whether or not it would be permanent, and Sammy was trying to respect that. Dean needed time, and he shouldn't jump at an answer before he was COMPLETELY sure.
Claire looks up from her slouched spot on the nearby bench. She looks amused, but she's had a week to learn everything there is about pregnant Dean Winchester, and her laughing would only bring that fire onto herself. That's the last thing she wanted right now.
He didn't need Castiel. Or his stupid brother.
He was staring at the baby clothes.
Dean didn't even have to look at his brother to answer.
He was up instantly, shoving past his brother and rushing toward the closest toilet.
concerning, then she was the Queen of England.
Cas turns to look at him then and Sam just sighs.
He's quiet for a heartbeat.
This time Sam interjected.
Dean is sitting on the couch, mindlessly eating a bag of chips (the baked kind because sam won't let him have anything else).
Dean looked up, a wet smile on his face and  was met with a similar expression.
When Dean could finally swallow without dry heaving, Castiel was already handing him a wet napkin to wipe his face with.
*      *      *
The baby won't start kicking for another four weeks, but Sam knows Dean's at his most relaxed when he's got at least one hand on his belly.
The girl rolls her eyes and nudges the paper closer to him.
It was hard to sit still when his heart was pounding in his chest, working like it would when he ran away from monsters. Dean shook his head. He fought monsters. MONSTERS. He shouldn't be afraid of some flesh eating, possibly heart-damaging disease or illness he somehow contracted.
He deserves some peace.
He hadn't even gotten his pretzel yet.
He's sagging now, worn out by his earlier outburst and this one. But he reaches out to Claire now, gently grabbing onto her hand and pulling her upright beside him.
He looks over at his partner and can see a similar look of adoration on his face and the paramedic smiles.
Wouldn't that be an interesting show? Seeing if an angel of the lord was the father of his magical baby, given to him by God's sister.
he was. Some days after hunts he couldn't even get out of bed. Too many things haunted him in his life to warrant a good night's rest.
The only time people have done that was when he was stuck up in the hospital. Even then, it was their job to take care of him. It wasn't like they wanted to.
He's good at alone.
He was wrong.
Blood trickles between his fingers, dripping onto the floor but he doesn't move.
"H-he said not to. So I won't, don't tell him I did, okay Sammy?" Dean says and Sam feels like he's been punched in the gut.
She had been waiting to go into the kitchen, it had been an afterthought, as she passed Dean by. Their shoulders bumped but the kitchen was crowded more than usual with Sam and Dean there.
There's a light shining in his eyes and a foggy voice speaking to him when he slowly regains consciousness.
*      *      *
Doctor Mercury couldn't keep the smile from his face as he managed the baby's first picture.
"Are you crazy?!" He whisper-yelled at him. Sam's eyebrows were raised and a curious smile was creeping up on his lips.
He was definitely pregnant.
He turned on his heel then, making toward where he last saw his brother. He only got so far before he remembered the onesie and quickly turned back around. He snatched it up from the ground, leaving behind the useless, adorable little shoes, and was making his way back when he remembered why he went in this area of the store to begin with.
Dean stopped the next handful of pretzels from being devoured. He...
Huffing out a sigh, he knows he's fit to burst. If the past few days have meant anything, it's that he isn't fine. He needs someone (other than his brother) to talk to about this. He's reaching for his phone before he can become anymore frustrated.
If they want to pretend, he's not going to play their games anymore. He takes care of himself. This little act they're doing won't last and soon, Dean will be on his own again.
Not to the point where he would want to do something to
When he notices the four o'clock where there should be a twelve o'clock, Dean grumbles in frustration. He missed lunch.
But she'll never forget the way his lip trembled and his breath hitched. She nearly shivers remembering it now.
Sure, Sammy would help, but he wasn't Dean's partner. (Even though he nagged like any wife would.)
"Uh..." The angel couldn't seem to find the words he sought to speak miles ago.
Sam shifts the car into park and turns in his seat to get a better look at his brother.
With his eyes closed, he didn't see his brother reaching out for him, but he did feel his hand closing around his.
Dean had been thinking about this recently, especially since he decided to keep the kid. He practically forced himself to say it.
The paramedic looks amused, but he stands nonetheless and calls out to Sam as directed.
They shouldn't be worrying about him.
Dean looks like he's going to protest for a second, but he blinks rapidly, just now coming down from his haze of dread. He shuts the water off then, his hand still clutching Sammy's wrist as he pats it dry. They don't speak until every drop of water is gone.
"We've been pushing him, all of us. Even Jody and the girls." Sam says and he knows the angel is confused.
"I thought she was talking about mom." Sam gives him a sad smile from across the table, but he doesn't say anything. Dean was doing really well just talking to begin with. He didn't need any more support than what the girls were offering already.
"Oh, yeah...we're okay. I'm sorry Jody, I didn't mean to catch you while you were busy. Uh, hey, I'm gonna go. You tell the girls I said 'hi' okay?" He said lamely, finishing up the phone call before Jody could add anything else.
thing ever.
He's got a small roundness that can't be seen without lifting his shirt. If he were drinking still, he'd probably think he was showing signs of a beer belly, something he could work off or a ghost could beat out of him.
Cas totally deserved that look right now.
He also had failed to mention anything to Cas. As soon as they had the chance, they had left L.A. without looking back.
"Actually, the clinic is available right now for you to come in for a few tests."
Or the month before that.
He doesn't acknowledge the cashier that greets him upon entering, she's far too happy for him to even consider looking at. He's pissed off, he's embarrassed, and he's hungry.
They were in the grocery section of the store and Sam was milling about the vegetables, checking over his dumb list. Dean had stopped walking, his attention suddenly caught by an array of blueberries.
And now, it had the same affect, except this time, he was hormonal and sad and mad, and honestly
"You're what?"
The trepidation is back on Dean's face.
So he steers an angry Dean to the bench next to Claire and reaches into his pocket for the emergency gas station pickle that he picked up specifically for this. When Dean sees it, Sam fears for the briefest of seconds, that Dean won't take the bait.
"Stop," Sam says, grabbing onto his hand. The band of the belt is stretching over Dean's hips, rubbing right against his belly, but Sam isn't entirely sure that Dean knows what he's doing.
They'd go home together. They'd figure this out together.
"Dean, c'mon man, you gotta talk to us or we won't know how to help." Sam tries, but that only seems to make Dean more upset.
They had been following the trail of a man, supposedly a famous rockstar, but the trail was running cold. He was wary about contacting Sam and Dean, this was his problem, he had lucifer, right in his hands. And then after the fight with Amara...he lost him.
He sighed. Rubbing a hand down his face, he had to think about it. How
"I rebuilt you, I know precisely what reproductive parts you did and did not have when you were reborn."
One foot in front of the other.
Jody has a full blown smile on her face now and she stands back to admire her work.
It wasn't supposed to happen this way. He was supposed to stop God and Amara by whatever means necessary and everything else was supposed to go back to normal.
Nothing had ever made him this afraid, not even being stricken with the ghost sickness had been this frightening.
"I wanna do the same, for you."
He stalked out of the library and made his way down the hall, back toward his room. Castiel didn't know at first if he should follow or not, but when Sam looked over his shoulder, the angel moved to comply.
"Dean?" The angel asks and now Sammy is sending him periodic looks of confusion and concern.
He doesn't ignore that look, he's just about to ask Dean about it when Castiel knocks on the doorframe.
There, resting in the front seat was Dean.
She ends the voicemail with a hopeful, "call me back".
His phone is in his pocket and he fishes it out, pulling up the picture of his sonogram. He sets it on the table for all three girls to look at and they jump at the opportunity.
Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, he slumps to the ground. The bunker's bathroom is hardly discreet, the toilets were private but damn if everyone wasn't washing their hands at the same time. He wants to wash out the remnants of his brunch date with the toilet, but he knows Sam is just on the other side, probably combing his stupid hair or putting on mascara.
That was another thing.
It was so overwhelming that he nearly burst. Looking down at his hands, covered in cinnamon and sticky apple juice, he realized if he wanted to touch his stomach, he was going to get everything dirty.
He was already pulling it off the rack, holding it close to his chest. Oh yeah. There was no way he wasn't coming home with this.
"What is it that you don't understand?" Castiel asks, but Dean doesn't say anything. He shakes his head, nudging Castile's chin with it as he burrows further into the angel's chest.
"I-I thought Sam was coming."
How could something so small require so many clothes? Half of the time they were naked. Right?
Claire opens her mouth, but nothing comes out. It wouldn't matter either way, Dean keeps trucking on like he never stopped in the first place.
"Oh, also could you take these bags out to the car, I don't want to carry them around with us while we're at the other shops."
"Hello, Mr. Bonham, I'm Dr. Mercury how are you doing today?"
He's shoveling in spoonful's of ice cream while the jalapeno poppers cook. Never let it be said that Dean Winchester was a man that couldn't put away food. There were extra compartments inside of his stomach for this kind of thing.
"August, it's the 17th. Was supposed to pick up this idiot from the airport when I got light-headed."
Dean nodded once again, if not begrudgingly, and allowed the doctor to lead him back to the waiting room. Dean jerked his head toward the door as soon as Sam looked up. The two were in the impala, Sam was staring at him expectantly, but Dean waved off his concern. When he got answers, Sam could get answers, until then the little shit could wait.
Dean couldn't sit still for the life of him. He was shifting in his seat, his leg bouncing up and down at varying speeds. He contemplated taking his phone out but he didn't want to be mid-text with his mom until he absolutely knew what was wrong.
Just as it peaks, settling to a 125/80. Not bad, but still not great either. Dean huffs and drops his head back on the gurney, only to remember why he was riding in an ambulance in the first place. The flare of pain radiates across the back of his head and both Castiel and the paramedic move in concern.
"He just wanted to know how the baby came to being, said there were two parts and he wanted to see who the second part belonged to." He said, but in all honesty the conversation is a little fuzzy. What Sam does remember is that Cas asked for the amulet and he gave it to him.
"In here!" Castiel called, trying to be quiet, and allow Dean the comforts of sleep.
But here she is now.
Dean didn't tell her to knock it off because, while it tickled, her knuckles were rubbing against his back and that felt nice.
A knock on the door sounds and Sam is standing in the doorway with a jar of pickles in hand. Dean doesn't even register Claire's cry of surprise when he shoves her out of the way to get it.
If Dean was serious about keeping the baby, and the way he was looking at the picture, he wanted to, they were going to have to do a lot of catching up.
What has him sitting up in his seat and crumbs falling onto Jody's carpet is the sound of a familiar gravelly voice.
"Sammy, it's getting dark." Dean says, matter if factly, and Sam fleetingly looks out the window. They've been on the road most of the day and, honestly, Dean lasted a lot longer than Sam thought he would, but if this is why, then Sam wishes he hadn't said anything in the first place.
too thick some days when he was battling his new weird temperature changes. He was not going to call them hot flashes. He needed better shirts, something breathable. And more unfortunately, he needed a different kind of underwear.
Eventually, he blinked. Setting down the two articles of clothing he was looking at onto the cart, he reached up and grabbed Dean by the shoulders. Dean looked at each of Sam's hands before he looked up at his face.
Impossible. This was impossible.
A heavy hand rubs up and down the expanse of his face. He has stubble on his cheeks and it scratches his palm when he glides over it.
After he's gone to the bathroom and thoroughly washed his hands (he's stalling, shut up). He finds himself at Jody's table with four sets of eyes on him and a distinct lack of coffee in his gut.
A pregnancy pillow.
Three sets of eyes blink back, confused and trying to slow down whatever jumbled mess he managed to spit out at them before he lost the nerve.
It doesn't matter that Jody was getting him a new one, he wanted the one he dropped. It had the last pickle in there.
His hands were folded over his chest, his stupid trench coat was rumpled in a manner that suggested Cas hadn't done much changing. Honestly, he was probably still wearing the clothes that he had worn during their hunt for Lucifer.
The lack of a response has Dean pulling his brother in by the back of his neck. He locks eyes with him in a way that makes Sam feel small.
Sliding a hand down his face, Dean tries to mentally erase the past five minutes in his mind as he opens the door. As slowly and nonchalantly as possible, he saunters over to the sinks. Sam is looking at him through the mirror, his eyes already conveying the questions he's dying to pester Dean with.
They don't bother with seatbelts. They are only half an hour outside of the bunker and Sam is going to drive slow.
It doesn't take a genius to see that Dean is uncomfortable. Sure, he has all of the leg room in the world, thanks to Sam's gigantor legs beside him, but he can't lean back.
He doesn't turn his eyes from the road when he speaks, trying not to let the tiny bit of amusement reach his voice when he addresses his brother.
And underground.
Dean frowned. He knew, logically that what his brother said had some truth in it. He was done hunting, he didn't really need to stay in the bunker anymore. If he really thought about it, he was never planning on staying here, but...he had always assumed Sam would come with him.
As Dean would eloquently put it, "Son of a bitch."
Sam didn't stop until he had downed half of his drink, pulling in a deep breath when he finished. Still standing in the open fridge, Sam looked back over at him, disbelief and something like concern on his face.
That was the big hang up though.
It's cold. He doesn't know how because hell wasn't ever cold. And neither was purgatory. He was always warm, always sweating. Then again, the sweat could have been because he was usually running for his life or being tortured alive.
Cas sets himself down into the only free seat left in the back and silently nods for the paramedic to continue.
"I know you know how to do this. I know you're going to, no matter what Jody says. But I know the world is in good hands because I know
Dr. Mercury set his clipboard down on his lap. His legs were crossed, and his hands were resting gently on top of them when he looked up.
Dean didn't look up, the tears were already forming in his eyes and he didn't want Sammy to see them. Damn hormones. He choked on a small laugh and shook his head.
about standing long enough to do the dishes, Jody is threatening to kneecap him.
He was done.
from Dean's clenched fist.
He hears the broken and rumbling sounds of mouthwash and his own mouth practically salivates.
As the chill of the nearby mountain seeps into his bones, he belatedly realizes he's got no mode of transportation.
"So, from your call you sounded pretty worried, I'm going to start by asking your brother to step outside of the room for a moment while I examine the impacted area." Sam looked like he was going to protest, but the look on Dean's face stopped any words coming out of his mouth.
She clutches onto her robe, positive that chill will come next, but it never does.
"I didn't mean it like-oh, you know what, I don't even care. You're impossible to talk to these days."
How can she do it so easily?
from whatever dangers his dream concocted. But he's stopped rocking.
"I don't want to sit in the back seat, there isn't enough leg room."
Cas was leading him past the map room, already heading into the living room, setting Dean down on the couch, helping himself to the space next to him.
Dean sighed again in relief finally releasing his brother's hand as the doctor printed out the first image.
It isn't until that incessant ringing of his phone goes off for the hundredth time that he truly comes back to life. With a grumble and a roll, he's sliding on the Impala's bench seat, nearly tumbling into the footwell before he catches himself.
The receptionist had already taken the clipboard he had filled out with their latest (fakest) credentials. He went with his first name just to be ahead of the curve. He could answer to pretty much any name by now, but if something really was wrong, he wanted the doctor to tell him, the REAL him, or as close as he could get without turning up any old warrants.
But he looks so innocent. Like nothing they've faced can touch him while he dreams.
With a sigh, he forces himself to untangle the mess they've twisted themselves into during their sleep, and leaves the two for the bathroom.
"It's okay." Dean says and Claire feels a smile on her lips.
Needless to say, when a gravely voice came over the line instead his brother, his baby bubble was popped.
"Because of you."
He's going to die.
"Like I cracked my gourd, what do you think?"
Slowly, he reaches out, speaking in a whisper so as not to spook Dean any further.
It'll be like ripping off a band-aid or pouring alcohol on an open wound. He just needed to do it fast before he could talk himself out of it.
Moving like his ass was on fire, Sam had rushed out of the garage and was somehow pretending to read a book in the library when his brother finally came in.
He blinks, still in a state of shock, but unbearably happy. Standing, he makes to retrieve his lost coat and practically vibrates with giddiness.
And there he was, getting ready to cry in a store full of people and-
But it reminds him every morning that he's not the same. He's not the same
"Can it Samantha, I can take myself to the damn doctor and come back in one piece."
She takes one look at him, at the man she's heard fought the devil and survived hell, and her heart weans for him. It's stupid and will probably be funnier later on, but Dean looks adorable.
Dean shook his head again, the beginnings of a headache threatening him already.
Of all the fucking places Dean thought that Cas had been, he would have never guessed Thailand.
As Mary reached the top of the stairs, her eyes were instantly drawn to the red on the floor by Dean's feet.
The brothers had quieted long enough for the doctor to give them the obvious news.
been doing, but he's awake now. Dean doesn't open his eyes at first. Too comfortable, even if its on Jody's couch and his bladder is full.
Dean would be a single parent and that was....that was scary to think about. He did it with Sam when he was a kid and it had seemed impossible. He was a grown man so he could do probably do it, and maybe be okay at it. At least, better at it than when he did it as a child.
Except now he was being a pain in his ass.
Sam turns away, trying to create a little space from his brother with little success. He knew he should have sat on the other bench.
Dean shakes his head now, this time successfully, because Cas has dropped his hands in surprise.
"Y'know what, its probably just stress, I'm sorry doc-
They make for the hallway, heading to their rooms to pack for their journey when Dean turns to look up at his brother once more.
Stopping at a nearby stop sign, Dean shook that thought from his head. It was unsettling enough being Sam's brother, Chuck knows he couldn't carry that man's baby. The guy was a fricken moose. And more importantly, his kale-hopped up
His mother burning alive on the ceiling.
"So get this, I found a set of baby monitors that double as cameras."
Blue eyes flashed in his mind for a second and Dean's eyes welled up with tears of frustration.
Contorted now in a position with his legs spread and his ass practically mooning the ceiling, Dean was going to kill his brother.
Reaching a hand out for the driver's side door, he stops dead in his tracks.
Little turds.
Dean has packed his own bag already and he's got everything stacked at the foot of his bed, but Sam and Cas won't let him carry anything out to the Impala.
It was still light out, which meant Sam was still awake and would notice Dean bringing this inside. His eyes welled up with tears of frustration. He just wanted to take a nap. He didn't need Sam psychoanalyzing him as soon as he walked through the front door.
There's that look on his face again, that...
They had parted ways in the store, Sam off to look for clothes that Dean would inevitably need, and Dean found himself walking to the baby section.
The boys receive a call from Cas.
Leaning over the toilet, he releases all of that morning's, and what felt like yesterday's, breakfast into the bowl. His stomach seizes and he can only kneel, waiting for the ride to end.
He's not big, by any means, his little fruitcake is a cup in his hand. But then again, he kind of has big hands.
He's standing, impatiently, in an airport. Castiel is supposed to be coming in from his third layover to Sioux Falls Regional Airport. His third layover was a flight coming from Washington at the international airport.
Sam moved over to the other end of the couch, lifting his brother's feet into his lap as he sat down.
"Oh baby," she says, unable to see anything but her little boy in his eyes as he crumbles.
Shit.
"I never meant to hurt you Dean." She says and Dean feels his cheeks warm with shame. She can still see right through him, just like she used to when he was a kid. He couldn't get away with stealing an extra cookie or lying about anything.
He'll need to shave, of course.
Claire quiets down and her hands don't pick at the fray, choosing now to clutch onto the flannel like a lifeline instead.
When he found Sam he was on the brink of a full blown panic attack. Carelessly dropping the things in the cart and ignoring Sam's warning about crushing the food, Dean stuttered.
He's suffered through too many things on his own to doubt his capabilities now.
She doesn't stay that way long, nodding her head as she slowly pulls her hands away. Dean wants to cry even more, but he knows he can't make her stay there anymore than he can make himself leave.
Dean wakes up with the girls and Sam.
"Sammy, I swear, if you ever say spinach, mushroom and omelet again, I'm going to projectile vomit all over you."
How could he have possibly gotten something as big as this for being as simple as he was? He wasn't anybody special. Tons of women and couples wanted to have kids and they couldn't for whatever reason. And here he was, doing the thing he never thought, never even could have imagined, he wanted.
When the engine cuts off, Dean doesn't even twitch. It just goes to show how really gone he is, swept under the heavy waves of emotional exhaustion.
"'cept for that dumb dog you had- what was his name? Stoned? Bonehead? Boomerang?"
Dean's eyes flick over to the door and Mary stiffens in realization.
found his super secret comfy pillow.
Jody hadn't needed to push real hard to get her to apologize. She felt bad. She's not ashamed to admit it.
So, he wrenches the buckle out of Dean's grasp and takes Dean's hands in his, leading them to his stomach.
Still, Dean made himself say the words that Amara had spoken before she and God left.
Mary moves forward then, carefully reaching out for Dean's bleeding hand.
"Holy shit, that's so cool." Alex said, and Jody didn't even try to admonish her for it. She simply grabbed Dean's hand again.
What he found however, was something Dean never would have dreamed of finding for the baby. Holding in his gigantor hands was a replica of the Impala, a few years behind his Baby's, but it was the same black and that's all Dean cared about.
Thankfully, his phone had been ringing, lost to the depths of the impala, that the call dropped before he could even consider answering it.
But no, through a shoddy telephone connection, Cas had honestly called him at the base of a mountain. After having, apparently, asked a monk to show him to the nearest place of civilization, or at least, internet.
"Yeah, it's fine. Ask away."
"Dean-" The timer cuts Sam off, and the smell of something burning pulls both of their attention now. Sam rushes toward the oven, haphazardly grabbing for the cooking sheet with a dishtowel. It isn't thick enough to protect him from the heat, but it works long enough for him to throw the tray onto the stove.
"Hey, honey, I'm only going to ask this once, and if you don't want to answer, you don't have to." Alex and Claire are still looking at his stomach, long after he's covered it back up, and neither of them can come with anything better than "HOW?!"
Dean lets out a quick huff through his nose, finally looking up at the sheriff with a bemused expression.
"Which alias are we using?" He whispers against Dean's temple.
"Really, you're going to freak out about a night shirt? Did you forget that you're a pregnant man?"
"I got- I got to-" He stutters. "Dad said not to-
Sam rolled his eyes, the plate was no longer in hand, instead his cell phone.
"I think I want to lie down."
"Yeah, real funny Doc, no seriously. Let me see this shit." He said, reaching out for the doctor's stupid clipboard. Dr. Mercury allowed him to take it, waiting patiently as Dean's eyes roved over the page and all its results.
"Alright, well let's head on back to the examination room and we'll try an have a look-see at what might be the problem."
He hasn't seen Dean like this since their father was alive.
Just leave.
Honestly, ever since they found out about the baby, Dean hasn't had much say over his own decisions to his own body. And that is partly Sam's fault.
But the hot pocket had been pretty ordinary in comparison to his disgusting sandwich. And he really had been looking forward to that pickle all day. They all knew it, he practically said it a hundred times around the house that day.
Mary looks down at her hands, and Dean hears the faint clinking of the Impala's keys dancing on her palm.
Now, cuddled up behind the pregnant man, she can feel the barest of hints of the pillow, and damn that shit is cozy.
"Think it'll fly?"
Apparently, that was the wrong thing to say. Waving his hands out, Sam's eyes nearly bulge out of his head. Of course the little nerd thinks he should see a doctor.
Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, he made to flush the toilet. He was already brushing his teeth when Sam came into the bathroom.
He was knocked the fuck out. Spaced out. On cloud nine. Sleeping like the dead (and he would know because he's been dead before).
A second ago, Dean hadn't thought it possible for his frown to go down any further, but now he knows it can.
"No Dean, I do not think our baby will fly."
Continuing as if Dean had never spoken, Dr. Mercury repeated himself.
"Can you grab his bag?"
In the silence of the back seat, Cas brushes tears from his cheeks. He's new to human emotions,  they are very overwhelming. But he couldn't control his reaction anymore than he could the sun.
Sam already gave him his cookie saying that he only got one, so Dean had nothing to stuff in his mouth to shut himself up.
Sam could probably key the side of the car and Dean wouldn't care.
Perhaps it was time that they all retired.
Did he want to start a family?
Thick closed doors.
he finishes lamely.
He was the reason she got into hunting. She'd learned most of what she knows from him. She wanted to become a hunter and how could she do that if her idol was settling down for an apple pie life?
Dean wakes up in a cocoon of Sam and Cas.
*      *      *
"Sam?" Dean calls and the paramedic thinks, for a moment, that he's injured his head far worse than they thought.
"He deserves to be happy."
Mainly, pregnancy pants.
He wanted this.
It was perfect.
"Uh, no. It does not appear that I have misplaced any of my personal artifacts."
His tie is already loosened, but he takes it a step further by untying it completely, and tucking it into his suit jacket.
It had been an accident.
He brings up both hands to the sides of his head, grabbing two fistfuls of hair and tugs in despair. Again, he shakes his head.
When Dean wakes up, it's slow and sluggish.
Certainly not pregnant Dean. That Dean was currently on a different realm.
Dean was breathing heavily, his head turned ever so slightly in the angel's direction. If he leaned in, he and Castiel might just touch.
He's at his brother's side without another second to waste. Wordlessly, he leads Sam to the sink, turning the cold water on and urging Sam's hand into the cool relief. Sam has his eyes trained down at his brother, there are tears silently streaming down his face that Sam isn't entirely sure Dean is aware about.
Again, gifthorse and- seriously what the fuck was a gifthorse?
He barely needed to say anything before Sam and Dean were rushing toward the impala, but what he had said had them running like the world was on the brink again.
When they've scanned everything and have it all bagged up, Jody leads them out of the store, finally speaking up.
But Sammy said not to complain, and there was something about his brother's words that Dean's brain translated into an order. Dad never wanted to hear Dean complain. Even if he had been gone one too many days and Dean had barely eaten anything that wasn't stolen. John didn't want to hear it.
He can do it.
"Stop touching me." He pleads and both men back away from him, snatching their hands and arms back as if they were burned.
Dean blinks, slowly feeling the last tendrils of sleep release him. A head of dark hair is sharing his pillow. When Dean shifts, just to the side, he can see Cas' face. This is the calmest he's ever seen the angel. Then again, this is the first time he's ever truly seen him sleep.
"Do you feel any tightness or tension in your lower abdomen?"
Clicking it off, he tucked it into his pocket and straightened his stance.
He was sitting at the map table, leafing through one of the
"What are you going to do about hunting?"
His hand rests on his shoulder for a second before Dean is launching himself at Sam. The car rocks with the sudden movement, the bench seat between them however, doesn't budge. But Dean doesn't care. His arms are around Sam's neck, pulling him as close as the space permits and if Sam is surprised, he doesn't show it.
They are leaving Jody's today. Its bittersweet, but Jody and the girls are planning to come to the bunker for the baby shower.
"Fine, I feel fine."
"Don't worry, onward-" Lucifer said, face lifting toward the ceiling, "and upward."
Dean and Sam are on the road again.
Thankfully, Sam would take more of all of this. Accepting the piece of paper with prenatal vitamins and fancy baby-growing-goodness as Dean hopped off the table, Sam was mentally taking notes.
"Oh, well, no. They won't take as long. I have to admit, some of those days I spent going over the results with a fine-tooth comb, just to be sure I knew what I was looking at. I-I didn't want to bother you with misinformation. That does the body nothing good."
When the doctor returned, he was holding a number of pamphlets in hand. Chuck only knew what they all said, but Sammy, the little shit, would undoubtedly read them all later. So when the doctor handed them over, Dean was quick to pass them off to his brother.
"Dean?"
Good God that one had looked gross. But Dean was happy, so everyone kept their mouths shut.
Why can't he just
And he didn't want to do that yet.
Dean doesn't look back at her in surprise, even though he probably should. Claire, on a good day, acted like a rabid dog. But again, he isn't surprised she's here, comforting him.
Once the man sat down again, he picked up a clipboard, probably the one he had before but Dean's only just now seeing it.
Cas watched as Dean’s eyes welled up with tears, and smiled as the man pulled him in for another kiss. He knew his choice was not the one that Dean would like, and he even would bet on it that he might come to regret it later. But for now, Dean Winchester was all he would ever need.
Sam kept his brother fed, and tried to keep his spirits up any way that he could. Which he had to admit was hard to do when Dean had stopped speaking to him directly. He had to give it to the man, Dean could hold a grudge when he wanted to. Ever since he tried to address the possibility that they needed to plan for all outcomes, Dean had chosen to ignore Sam’s presence whenever possible. He would eat and drink what was offered, but only spoke to Cas.
“Angel Radio. I’m surprised Cas didn’t hear it and protect himself.” Gabriel looked like he was angry again, both on behalf of and because of Cas. Dean didn’t exactly begrudge Gabriel the emotion.
Cas couldn’t believe how the night had flown by. Their first dance had been just over the line into magical, their feet having swayed lightly in time to Zep's "Thank You". For that moment in the night, everyone around them had ceased to exist, all that had been left in his world had been Dean. The green eyes he couldn't get enough of were shining as they danced, shimmering with a love that Cas still couldn't decide if he deserved.
After several rings, Cas sighed as Dean’s voice came across the earpiece. There was something about the man that always consoled his mind, even when his body was screaming in pain. “Who is this?” He sounded gruff as ever, which made Cas chuckle until the pain shot through his ribs.
“Stay still, dammit.” Adjusting slightly to lay back against the wall, Cas watched as Dean set the items down on the side table next to a bottle of alcohol and a bowl of an amber liquid Cas couldn’t immediately identify. Dean grabbed a rickety looking chair from next to the table and sat in it next to the bed. Dipping the first towel into the water bowl, Dean brought it to Cas’s temple and began to wipe away the blood that had long since dried there. Neither of them said anything for more than a minute, but Cas couldn’t stand the silence while he hurt this bad.
“The Winchesters! It’s been so long.” Nick stuck his hand out to shake their hands, Sam and Dean both taking a turn. “I was sorry to hear about your dad. He was a good man.” Dean felt the same old pain he always did when his dad was mentioned by someone who they had helped over the years, but he pushed it away, focusing on the case ahead of them.
Sam watched as his friend and surrogate brother took the stage, catching a flirtatious look that he shot Dean. Sam couldn’t help chuckle when he recognized the opening chords and lyrics of “Move Your Body” by My Darkest Days.
Dean furrowed his brow. “How does making Cas sick give her more angels? Is she trying to get him to come home?” Dean looked back at Cas, still silent and unconscious on the bed.
Cas withdrew his hands instantly, and Dean shook and gasped at the sudden loss of Cas’s fingers, but it was only for a breath or two. He swore Cas moved faster than humanly possible, lining up their bodies to take Dean’s ass. Cas paused, a moment so short that Dean would have thought he imagined it if not for his painful awareness of Cas’s every motion. A single second seemed to stretch on, and then Cas was pushing into him, his hard cock much wider than his fingers, but Dean didn’t gasp. He didn’t moan. His eyes shifted instantly to black as he felt the most primal side of himself react to a need he never knew he possessed. The sound that left his lips was completely and utterly inhuman.
Cas stepped into his husband’s arms, feeling the urge to comfort him. Dean wrapped his arms around his waist, pulling them back into a pair of chairs, a look of exhausted happiness on his features, his forehead coming down to rest on Cas’s shoulder.
“Yeah Cas, I’m fine.” Dean looked back to his empty mug where precious dark roast should be, standing to get himself a refill. He set the cup down on the counter and reached his right hand over his left shoulder, rubbing at the aggravating area that just wouldn’t quit. He noticed Cas had stood and was eyeing his shoulder with clear concern now. “I’m fine. I just think I slept wrong.”
Dean had no intention of leaving Cas’s side, knowing Sam would bring the witch down to them and Dean would owe her another favor before the night was out. But then he heard shouting and something that sounded like a scuffle, and Dean couldn’t keep himself from peering out the door to see what the commotion was. He wouldn’t have guessed in a million years what he saw.
“I’m sorry that I was unable to give you the information directly. But I assume what my brother told you is true.” Dean could see the reservation on Cas’s face that he didn’t yet understand, but he let Cas talk. “I didn’t mean to frighten you, Dean. The spell was quick and I lost consciousness before I was able to inform you of what was happening.”
Fingers wrapped around Cas’s hips, Dean dipped his head deeper into Cas’s groin until he felt the head pressed into the back of his throat. Swallowing slowly once, Dean smirked at the moan that Cas tried and failed to stifle. He allowed himself to gag just once before he pulled his head back, knowing Cas loved that sound.
Cas conveniently ignored the first question, Dean noticed, but he did offer up something in response to the second. “I have found that I quite enjoy music.” Dean’s head snapped to look at Cas, who held a comically pensive look.
“Malachi’s faction. They wanted information on Metatron’s spell. They didn’t seem to care that I had nothing to give.” His words were clipped as he spoke and Dean guessed there may be a rib or two bruised or broken from what he assumed was a pretty thorough torture session Cas had escaped from.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Morning Sammy, what’s happenin’?” Dean threw on a false bravado of nonchalance, hoping that his brother was just suffering from his Resting Bitch Face syndrome, but the grunt he sent Dean’s way suggested he was actually peeved at the elder Winchester. The only problem was Dean couldn’t think of a single reason why. Grabbing his fresh cup of coffee, he sat down across from Sam at the table and decided to just barrel on through it. “What’s up?” His tone definitely left no room for Dean to wonder if he had caught the ire in Sam’s features.
Cas tilted his head a bit to look at Dean’s face as the hunter seemed to lose himself in his thoughts. “Dean, why are you here with me?” He surprised himself with the brazenness of his words. Of course, Dean had come when he had called; Dean always came, no matter their situation. But he could have just taken him to Sam to be patched up. Or a hospital for that matter. Before he realized what he was doing, his hand moved to catch Dean’s wrist and the hunter looked up at him with a sadness in his eyes.
Cas removed his hand from Dean’s neck, running his fingers down and across Dean’s chest. He snaked the fingers of both his hands under the hem, pushing it up to reveal the soft skin underneath. Dean broke from him at that moment, and fear surged through Cas, thinking Dean had chosen to reject him in his time of need. The hunter stood however, pulling his shirt over his head in a rush. He pushed the chair back away from the bed, causing it to topple loudly onto the carpet. Cas watched as Dean kicked off his shoes and unzipped his jeans, though he didn’t remove them quite yet.
“No, his house is fine. He ended up getting that bar a while back, and now people are turning up dead.” Sam felt a grim look pass over his features, feeling sorry for both Nick and them. He wished they could just leave the life, but he knew none of them would ever be able to live normally knowing what was out there. “Basic story goes, every Wednesday he holds karaoke night at the bar, and for the last three weeks, whoever was crowned ‘Karaoke King’ has turned up dead.”
“I will be fine, Jack.” Cas still wore that exhausted smile (Dean was sure it would be there for some time to come), but he definitely looked happy. Dean almost wanted to thank Naomi for her scheming ways. Almost.
“Dean, Castiel was lost to you the moment he held you in hell. Every moment between that one and here has been a path of his choices centered around his love for you.” Dean wished he could have only seen it sooner in their path together, but again, he wouldn’t change their story even one tiny bit. “Somehow, even after finding out about all of your strange quirks, he still thinks that you’re funny and doesn’t mind that you blare Zepplin every time you get in the Impala.” Dean couldn’t help grinning as he heard their family let out small chuckles. Cas had the most brilliant smile on his features, his eyes glistening with unshed tears of joy. “No matter how much you hate yourself some days, my son will always be there to remind you that you are not worthless. You have value with him, and in him, you see a better version of yourself. Never let that go.” Dean nodded flicking his eyes to Chuck, wishing he could express just how grateful he was that this one special angel had somehow rebelled all those years ago,
“I need... “ The words escaped him, his brain felt like it was stuck struggling through mud. Any other time, he would be able to explicitly describe any sexual technique. He may not have performed them himself, but he had been an angel, after all. Centuries of watching humanity meant he really had seen nearly everything that the humans had come up with. But with the weight of Dean between his thighs, Dean’s calloused hand lightly teasing, all that knowledge was suddenly gone from him. “I need… more.” He fumbled over the words, knowing they were completely unable to articulate his intent. But he stared into Dean’s eyes, trying to will him to understand.
“How would you do it?” Sam jumped when Dean suddenly interrupted him, and he looked to his left to see Dean there beside him. Sam was surprised to see how clear Dean’s eyes looked after seeing him such a haze for that past months, but he guessed he shouldn’t be. Dean had been a hunter since he was four; it had just taken him a few months to find it in himself again.
Gabriel turned back to Dean then, and there was anger in his eyes. “Naomi did this.” Anger might even have too soft a word for the emotion he saw in Gabriel’s eyes as he named Cas’s attacker.
It was about the time Cas started walking forward that Dean realized he still stood frozen at the edge of the clearing. Dean hid his wince he saw the prominent limp in Cas’s left leg, the only remaining reminder of how close he had been to losing him. He silently shot a thanks out again to whoever was listening, eternally grateful to whatever had brought his Cas back to him.
“There are no other rings like them on this earth, just as there is no other love like the one you two share. They are made of the same metal that I cast the angel blades from eons ago. I thought it appropriate that they symbolize the bond you two share.” Chuck nodded to Dean, who looked back to Cas, taking his hand back in order to take the band from Chuck. “Dean, that ring will symbolize to all who see it your undying love and devotion to Castiel. If that is your intent, please slide the ring onto Castiel’s finger and repeat after me.”
Dean’s mind blanked for a whole 3 seconds. That’s what the angel was trying to tell him. His wings
Cas was sick and Dean had no idea what to do.
It had taken the three of them together to carry Cas into Dean’s room, and now they just stayed silent. It wasn’t like they knew what else to do at this point. Dean’s pacing had everyone on edge, he knew that, but he couldn’t help it. It wasn’t until Jack spoke up that he paused.
Cas grinned, feeling his pulse quicken at the suggestion. “Really now, Mr. Winchester. What did you have in mind?” Cas raised an eyebrow, waiting to see just what Dean was willing to lay down on the table. Dean smirked, looking like he was about to detail out just what he wanted to do to Cas, but they both paused as they heard the sound of a throat being cleared.
Unless… Dean looked over to where Cas sat at the edge of the bed, Dean having missed Cas sitting up and pulling away. The sight of Cas's back to him left him to wonder if Cas even felt the same way. He was almost certain he did. There was no denying the heat and wanting he had seen in Cas’s eyes tonight. But was it just physical for Cas? Had this just been a way to scratch an itch? Dean had to be sure.
Jody said her goodbyes, somehow looking even further defeated than when she had arrived, though Sam wasn’t sure how that was possible. She hugged him, whispering that he needed to be strong. Dean needed him. They would get through this. All the same mantras he himself had been chanting, though even she couldn’t make them sound any less hopeless than the little voice inside his head sounded.
No real notes for this chapter - Enjoy!
Gabriel laughed with little humor as he finally shoved past Sam and jogged lightly down the hall. “Winchesters questioning a good old fashioned resurrection. Now I’ve seen it all, Dean-o.” Dean eyed Gabriel as they met in the doorway. He wanted to just accept that Gabriel was back. He wasn’t the worst of the winged dick-bags after all. But all he needed was for another winged dick-bag to stick their nose where it didn’t belong. “Look,” Gabriel leveled his gaze at him and Dean instantly felt the need to trust him. Gabriel rarely went down Serious Boulevard. “You couldn’t have honestly believed that I was dead. I’m the Trickster. Nothing keeps me down.” Gabriel shot a look over Dean’s shoulder, leading Dean to guess he was indeed here for Cas. “Do you want my help or not, Dean-o? Cassie doesn’t look so good.”
Cas couldn’t believe the life they had now. Were there still monsters? Heaven and Hell? Sure. But as he sat and watched the joy on both of his sons’ faces, he felt an overwhelming sense of contentment he had never known possible. But it was there now, wrapped around them all in the form of tiny hugs and little fingers. Zep had been the most unexpected gift any of them had ever received, but boy was he the most loved.
Finally, thank you to the mods for the Dean Cas Reverse Bang 2019 mods. They have been so helpful, and none of this would have happened without them!
It was then that Cas first realized Dean he stripped his soiled suit jacket and dress shirt away at some point while he had still been unconscious. He was grateful for that as well, not wanting to know the pain it would cause him to move his shoulders right now. Dean set the towel down for a moment, prodding his fingers into Cas’s ribs, firm but gentle, causing Cas to flinch and suck in a quick breath. Dean chuckled, though Cas knew that it was reflex born more out of sympathy than malice.
It was John who answered Dean. “Of course we did. We are your parents, after all.” His statement was soft, and he knew Dean and John had come a long way in just the last few hours.
“Yes, Cas?” Dean’s hand had slowed, but of course he hadn’t stopped. That would have been too easy on his brain. Cas struggled to think around the sensations coursing through him. Never had he wanted more for a sensation to both continue and stop at the same time.
Dean sighed again, “I thought…” He paused, seemingly to try and find the correct words. He looked away for a moment, causing Cas to worry that he was beginning to shut down as he did with everyone else in his life. “I meant it when I said I was poison. Maybe helping you like this was my way of feeling better about what I’ve done.” He shook his head, looking as if he were trying to chase away something unpleasant in his mind.
Dean sat behind Baby’s wheel looking into the rearview mirror, fixing his tie again for the sixth time. Somehow, even though the man had never figured out how to wear his own properly, Cas had been tying Dean’s ties for the few last years and it just never came out the same way when Dean tried to do it himself anymore. Charlie put her hand on his wrist, effectively stopping his movements. She wore a smirk that told him what she was about to say. “Stop fidgeting. I know.”
Cas had grown in the time since he had become human in more than just body, Dean couldn’t deny that. But he almost didn’t recognize the man on stage when Cas walked up to the mic. His angel wasn’t a mousy man by any means, but there was a definite sex appeal that Cas was harnessing from somewhere. He almost seemed to move with more certainty than Dean had ever seen.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh as he pulled Cas into his arms.
Chuck’s attention shifted then to his soon-to-be husband, and Dean tried his hardest to pay attention. If only Cas didn’t look so damn sexy in that coat, and so cute at the same time, a look of serious concentration making its way across his features. “Castiel, even crazier than all that is the fact that Dean thinks your inability to remember simple idioms is adorable, and not the least bit annoying, so I’d say you’ve found a keeper.” Dean couldn’t contain the chuckle that rippled through his chest, gaining a smile from Cas in return. “He is the rock that keeps you from doubting whether you are strong enough to make it in this world without wings to power your flight.” Dean wanted to speak up, to tell Cas once again how strong he really was, but he knew Cas knew his thoughts on the subject. “He has taught you about everything that it means to be human, shown you what true passion and desire can feel like, even when the world has threatened to crumble around you both. And he has given you the peace you could never find among your brothers in heaven because he is the piece of the pie that was forever just out of your grasp.” Dean watched as Cas lost the battle and his tears dripped down his cheeks, his smile wide as he stared back at Dean.
It wasn't long before he felt Cas's movements become erratic, his hand finding Dean's cock again, stroking him in time with his thrusts. Dean pulled himself into up enough to pull Cas down into a feverish kiss, one that became their undoing. Dean ground his teeth, stifling a sharp cry as he came across their bellies. He rode the orgasm that ripped through him, sparks flying through his vision as Cas quickly followed. The angel threw his head back, crying out loudly, his hips coming to a standstill pressed flush against Dean's ass. A vague recognition that the lighting in the room now seemed off passed through Dean's mind, but he waved it away, not wanting to pull himself out of their moment together.
Cas nodded, a small but understanding smile playing across his features. “I shall take point then.” Dean almost chuckled at the idiom, both at the double entendre and Cas’s usage of something Sammy and he usually said during hunts. But then the reality of the situation hit him.
He felt Cas snake his hand between them, and he found himself holding his breath in anticipation. “Relax, Dean.” Cas’s words were soft and gentle, coaxing him to release the tension he had not realized had begun to take over his body. He lost himself in the pressure of Cas above him, the movement of their hips as the began to move again against one another. He ran his hands down Cas’s back, feeling the muscles ripple under his fingers.
He moaned again as Cas leaned away, taking Dean’s cock in his hand. His hips thrust of their own volition, jerking unevenly. He pressed his eyes closed as he felt Cas’s fingers move, the movement light again, frustratingly so, reminding Dean's skin of the previous actions that had led them here. If any momentum had been lost in their talk, it all came rushing back into Dean. He groaned as Cas moved, trying to shift himself to gain better friction. “Cas, please.” There it was again, he was begging again. He couldn’t even believe himself in that moment, but somehow he couldn’t even feel embarrassed. The strokes of Cas's hand felt too good. He felt Cas release him, and his eyes flew open in that second, shock motivating him to pay attention.
The sound of Sam clearing his throat from the backseat jolted Dean out of his mild chick flick feelings, reminding him that the world still existed around them. A blush flashed through his cheeks as Sam goaded them, “Case?” Sam wore a smirk that Dean wanted to slap right off his Moosey face, but he somehow controlled himself. Probably due to the light grip Cas held on his hand still, rubbing soothing circles on his palm.
Sam heard Dean’s voice break then, and he knew his brother would never be the same again. He hadn’t sung a single Zeppelin song since Cas had fallen under, instead playing with Cas’s iPod during the last months, and Sam wasn’t sure he would ever listen to Zeppelin again. Instead, he was going to pick up songs Cas had liked, just like the Hinder song he now tried to get through.
Doctor’s eyes were sad as he began to explain. “Castiel’s oxygen levels are beginning to decay, which is what set off the monitors. His brain may not be sending his lungs the correct level of impulses at this stage of his coma. Mr. Winchester,” he looked to both Sam and Dean then, but Sam knew his brother wouldn’t respond, “I understand that you both care for him. But it might be time to decide whether continuing treatment is for his benefit or your own.” The words were harsh, but the doctor’s eyes were kind, and Sam knew that he only had their best interest in mind.
“You two prayed about me? Even in heaven?” Dean looked between his parents, showing just how much it meant to him that even in paradise, his parents had still been watching out for him.
Dean didn’t need to be told twice.
Dean helped him step over the shower’s edge, before releasing Cas’s hands. Cas stood awkwardly while Dean turned off the shower and wrapped a towel around Cas’s shoulders. He led them back into the main room, helping steady Cas along the way. He was torn between wanting Dean to let him be self-sufficient, and his need to feel connected to the hunter. He sat down on the edge of the bed, letting the towel fall to around his hips, feeling suddenly very conscious of how naked he was in Dean’s presence.
“What happened?” Sam was surprised how small his voice sounded, and he attempted to clear his throat. As if that would help him in all of this.
“Why is it that every time one of us wants to dine, you Winchesters think it’s your job to stick your noses where they don’t belong?” The words sounded like a melody and if Dean hadn’t been currently struggling to breathe, he might have thought she sounded like a storybook angel. But Dean had known for a long time that angels were dicks, and gods were even worse.
“If you two are done bickering, I’d like to say that we have a perfectly viable option for bait.” Sam cocked an eyebrow at the deadpan look on Cas’s face. The ex-angel-turned-hunter used air quotes as he spoke, “I ‘volunteer as sacrifice’.” Sam smirked at the incorrect pop culture reference.
Sam stepped in next, a look of confused worry playing on his brow. Jack quickly followed, his fright seeming to move him forward rapidly. Dean felt a frown cross his lips in empathy of the kid’s worries.
Cas shook his head, his brow furrowing deeper. “No, Dean, I presumed to understand that you would regret it once we finished. You have made it quite clear that you have an affinity toward relationships with women.”
was his angel about to do?
Dean saw tears in Cas’s eyes as his angel pulled him forward for a kiss. As they pulled apart, Dean heard footsteps, and he turned to find Sam, Jack, and Gabriel in the doorway, wearing varying expressions. Sam looked impatient, Jack still seemed scared, and Gabriel wore a smirk that never seemed to end.
Cas’s features became serious. “I have found it easiest to either have a partner help groom them, or to shower them thoroughly on one’s own.” Dean blinked rapidly.
It took Dean over an hour before he looked over and said a single word to Sam, which crushed Sam’s heart all over again. “Tomorrow.”
Dean pulled away to let Cas free to interact. He was feeling the urge to get down to business but understood the need for introductions. “I’m Castiel. Former angel of the lord, now lover of the Dean.” Cas chuckled, which Dean knew meant that Cas knew just how red Dean’s face was, even without looking at him. Nick’s face lit up in subtle shock, but the man didn’t look hostile from the news, for which Dean was grateful. Even after three years, Dean still felt wary when faced with the possibility of homophobic reactions. He really didn’t know how he might react, having been lucky so far in avoiding the situation.
Sammy was already at the table when Dean walked in, heading straight for the coffee maker. The younger Winchester looked up with annoyance before pointing his gaze back down at the paper in his hands. Dean thought they had gotten past the whole Gadreel thing, so he felt a bit thrown.
“Good noises, Cas. Please.” He was begging. For fuck’s sake, he was actually begging. “Keep going. Please.” He felt Cas shift his weight, and he was surprised to feel Cas harden against him. His own cock responded in turn, pressed into the sheets.
“For fledglings, their innocence lends the ability and need to help them. They are immature and unable to groom themselves.” Cas shifted on his feet, and Dean struggled to not lose himself in the subtle movements of his wings. The color was a gorgeous complement to the angel. “Mature angels, however, tend to groom themselves, as our wings are highly sensitive when they become torn or dirtied.” Dean got the feeling Cas was trying to keep from using certain terms with him, but he just wasn’t getting the message.
Sam had to choke back a sob as he heard Dean replace Oliver’s name in the song. “It’s Cas’s favorite movie.” He opened his eyes to look at her, his vision completely shot from the tears he couldn’t fight. He saw that her blurred hand was now over her mouth, helping her hold back her own tears in response. Sam felt a sad chuckle come again, looking toward the ceiling, and he began to welcome any chance to not just feel empty. “He makes Dean watch that damn movie at least once a month.”
Dean sighed, taking a calming breath as he put his hand on the door handle. “No chance in running now, might as well get headed out there.” He stepped out of Baby, closing the door as he took another breath to steady himself further. He could do this. He wanted to do this, he knew that. But years of practice made it hard to shake the feeling that his life would never be the same. Sammy needed another good smack to the head for his comment about the woods being beautiful for a ‘hunter’s funeral’. The comment had seemed light at the time, but now it just ominous and foreboding.
“Yeah?” A sigh left his lips when Sam picked up on the second ring. Even with the tension between them, he had to respect his brother’s ability to pick up when needed. The man was dependable to a fault.
“Yes. They were very adamant that I had information,” he chuckled darkly at the thought, then regretted it as his chest pain flared. The light sounds of the cloth wiping at Cas’s battered face lulled them back into silence for a few more minutes. Cas looked to Dean’s face, trying to keep distracted as Dean worked. He was constantly surprised by the hunter’s ability to be gentle when needed. Having lived such a hard life, he didn’t know where Dean had learned the ability, but he was immensely grateful for it now. Dean made a final pass over Cas’s face before throwing the towel away, grabbing a new one to begin his work on Cas’s chest.
Cas moved his fingers, splayed wide, soft but quick as he moved across the length of Dean’s wing. Dean lost himself in the sensation, the ecstasy of the touch. He moaned and ground his hips down into the mattress. He didn’t have to ignore the voice anymore, it was silent as pleasure took over his mind.
“I should probably find Cas and apologize.” Sam nodded, heading out of the room to grab his duffle. His head shook as he went, laughing to himself at just how ridiculous his brother’s relationship was at times. But he knew Dean wouldn’t change anything about it for the world.
It's another Hurt/Comfort scene that I really didn't feel worked for what I wanted the original piece to be, but I always wanted to explore it. So thanks to captainhaterade's want list for Profound Bond's Quaratine & Chill Exchange, since that was what gave me the motivation to write it.
“WHAT?!” Erotic touching, sure. Fine. That’s ok. They were best friends who could handle it.
“I do not believe I would become a fruit if I stayed under the water, Dean.” Cas felt a confused scowl settle itself across his features, especially when Dean laughed out loud with a smile that lifted Cas’s spirit for a moment.
room, so three minutes was a bit of an overestimation.” Dean had to laugh that the absurdity of Cas’s literalness, but he wouldn’t have him any other way.
Dean stood, grabbing his pajama pants off the floor. He winced as he slid them on, making note that he might have to be careful about walking around Sammy anytime in the next few hours. He looked over to the end table, noting that both Cas’s and his phones were still plugged in, so his ex-angel couldn’t have gone too far.
Speak of the devil, they say, though. Suddenly Chuck popped in behind Sam, a sly grin on his lips. Dean felt his jaw go slightly slack, Cas’s expression mirroring his own. If he looked around in that moment, he would guess that everyone else was sharing it, too. It wasn’t every day that God himself popped in on you, especially when the world was apocalypse-free.
Dean watched intently, trying to keep an eye out for anything that might tell them where to look. “Does this thing have audio?” Nick flipped a switch, and while not the most high-definition, the feed now had sound. Cas was washing his hands when Dean saw him freeze and turn towards the door. Whatever Cas had seen was off camera, but it must have been what they had come for because Cas had backed up into a defensive stance. He disappeared off the screen a moment later, seemingly vanishing into thin air altogether. Just before he disappeared however, he had said a word that Dean didn’t understand, but Sam made a noise of understanding before rushing back out of the office.
Cas leaned back away, shifting to begin work on Dean’s right wing. His fingers moved quickly, though his touch remained whisper-like. Dean nearly wished Cas would be rougher with him. That might help his current predicament. He swore the light touches of Cas’s fingers were doing more to excite and make his skin tingle than anything else. That and the damn tone Cas had taken with him. Who had taught Cas to be sarcastic and sultry? He was at a loss and just let his body melt back into the sheets, letting the pleasure of Cas’s ministrations turn him into a jello-like mess of demon.
They didn’t really have any other details to gain from Nick, nor to give him, so they let him know their plans to enter the karaoke competition to act as bait. Nick laughed, letting them know that “even if y’all are even an ounce good, you’ll earn the crown”, which left Dean with little hope that the night would be filled with any sort of decent music. They took a seat in the middle of the area in front of the karaoke stage, leaving each of them to watch in a different direction for anything that seemed out of the ordinary, while Nick promised to let them know if anyone looked unfamiliar or out of place. Cas headed to the bar, both to test that side of the room for E.M.F. and to retrieve them a few bottles of beer.
“Did he give any details about how the victims were killed?” He always had to give it to Cas; straight to the point and no frivolous banter. Unless thy name be Dean Winchester - then Cas had sass for days. It was one of Sam’s favorite changes that had occurred since Cas had become human. He was still the same old Cas as he ever was, but he understood more of their references. And he had definitely been refining his quick wit. Dean always tried to seem irritated, but Sam knew it was a secret game the two lovebirds played.
Sam woke with a jolt about 6 hours later when he heard distant yelling, the firm voice of a woman berating the nursing staff down the hall. He wiped his eyes as he looked around, taking in the room once again, noting that the only change came in the form of his brother, Dean having passed out against Cas’s shoulder some time after Sam. He stood as quietly as he could, sneaking out the door without waking his brother. Even in his passed out state, Dean’s face was contorted with anxiety and worry, making Sam wonder how restful of a sleep it would be for the elder hunter.
“Care to fill us in then?” Sam looked almost peeved, and Dean could understand it. Neither Winchester liked being kept in the dark.
The silence was deafening as the staff cleared out, the machines now silenced to keep the alarms from sounding. Sam wanted the beeping back, anything that could break the silence and sounds of Dean’s heartache. He held his brother, tight like it would keep the pieces together as they both fell apart, watching the numbers on the screen.
Dean just prayed that Cas was as competent as he claimed.
The hodgepodge group of hunters made their way through the door, and Dean found himself falling into his element. The bar was quite a bit nicer than the seedy dives they usually ended up in. Even so, it still had all the same elements, only without the unwanted side effect of leaving Dean desperate for a shower. A quick glance towards the bar assured Dean that the selection would be just a bit above average, which was never a bad thing. The decor was standard for a middle America bar, nothing really sticking out.
Dean, however, rolled his eyes. “It’s ‘tribute’, Angel.” Sam wasn’t sure when Dean had begun using the pet name for Cas. He thought it was sort of on the nose, and he occasionally made that known through retching noises, but Cas seemed to love it. He always looked a little happier, even when times were dire, when Dean called him by it. “The line is ‘I volunteer as-’” Dean’s eyes flashed as he realized what Cas meant. “No! You are not using yourself as bait!” The glare he shot Cas was fierce and unwavering.
He tucked his head down into the pillow, resting his forehead on his arm. He felt the mattress give as Cas climbed up with him, waiting a moment for Cas to move. When he didn’t, he managed to speak. “Might be easier for you to reach if you-” Nope, not going to use the word
Cas’s eyes softened as he met Dean’s gaze, who knew he probably looked about a second from running and hiding. “It’s quite simple, I assure you.” Cas stood, walking towards the door of the kitchen. He looked over his shoulder, a quick raise of his eyebrow telling Dean that he needed to follow the angel.
Dean focused just a tiny bit as Sam shook him harshly. He was standing in the doorway. Almost gone. Almost outside. Air. More outside. “Sammy, let go.” Dean was scared, he sounded so calm. How could he be calm? There was no air. Like underwater, only too bright. Too white. And soon no sunshine. His sunshine. His Cas.
Let me know what you think?
Something in him feels like he should wait, if only for a minute, to give her a chance to make her peace with everything.
“I’m trying to fix things. You need to let me. All the books say that it’s good for my mental health.”
A bone crushing hug first, a few manly tears they both refused to acknowledge, and then beers that came from… Dean wasn’t sure but his was cold and tasted exactly as he remembered his first beer he’d shared with his dad. Not just the flavor of the beer, but the way he’d felt inside when his father had finally given him that sweating bottle, both of them leaning against the Impala, parked on the side of some quiet country road in the middle of nowhere, at the end of a long day and a successful hunt.
The beer had tasted like shit but the feeling of earning it and knowing that his father thought he’d earned it was well, that tasted like the best pie he’d ever had in his life.
Jack closed his eyes and focused.
Dean startles when he feels Castiel's hand on his shoulder, jumping in his seat a little bit.  Dean’s knee knocks against the dash and he curses under his breath.  He ignores both the ache and the need to rub at it with his fingers.
“You can see enough to do that?” The lights still had not come back on.
But it was in front of him, again. It wasn’t lost to him for forever. He had a chance.
“What do we do now?” Cas asked, grinning against Dean’s lips, his breakfast forgotten.
It was a conflict that had pulled at Jack, made his stomach hurt and his chest ache. He’d talked to Sam about it once or twice, when he was sure he was going to throw up his dinner after Dean and Cas had fought over something, usually stupid, or sometimes about Jack himself.
