Later that day John and Sherlock went shopping. John did feel a bit awkward as they had gotten into the cab and Sherlock had mentioned the address. The address of the very posh and advanced and selective sex-shop, that Lady Elisabeth had introduced Mycroft to. This time it was the more 'public' part of the shop though. But when they arrived at the place and John saw the kind of people that went shopping in that advanced sex-toy-shop: normally looking people, married couples, young and not so young, John relaxed and asked Sherlock if it was all right if he bought something, that could remain a secret?
And John had felt a bit...hesitating....because he wasn't as fit as he had been as a soldier on that photo, in the bag. He had been photographed, as he was on his way to his private quarters and he hadn't bothered to button his shirt. So there he was: tanned, showing his muscular chest and in fatigues and army-boots. It had been taken two days before he had gotten shot and was the last photo of him in uniform. Or rather...partly out of it.
Sherlock had pointed out, as they both had passed the 70 year mark, that the eldest father in the world was 96 and that would leave them at least 26 years with sexual activity yet.
“I sometimes submit and I enjoy pain. As a mean to still my mind. I am what you would call a switch. Both sadistic tendencies, because I like to dominate, but most certainly masochistic tendencies too.”
John stood at ease, with his hands behind his back and looking out in the living-suite and said, “Permission granted.....soldier.” Oh, yes. He liked role-play just as much as Sherlock did. As long as it wasn't too much 'doctor-patient'.
Mycroft had even secured communication-lines. The internet wasn't totally stable, but still functioning and people had gone used to that. Again, it had happened so slowly that no one thought much about it. A lot of things just returned to the way it had been before year 2000. Banks did again open offices in small cities, yes even in villages, and old-fashioned money were still in use. And paying with the mobile phone continued working....and only old people could tell about a time where money almost wasn't there and everything could be paid with a plastic card. Cell phones still worked and no one thought about that it was no longer private enterprises that ran those services, but the Military. No one cared as long as it worked.
John went back into the bedroom and undressed and was on his way under the duvet to curl up beside Sherlock as his phone rang. It was Mycroft, who asked with a tone of worry in his voice, “How are you, both of you?”
Sherlock took a deep breath and said, “There are more things in it than just this confession of me being an occasional masochist. So I'll have to begin another place. You must have noticed that my senses of scent, smell and touch...and vision... sometimes are on a different level than most people's?”
John continued: “Moriarty on every screen was your invention, Mycroft. Somehow the only way you had left to keep Sherlock in England. You were able to use every CCTV camera to follow me as we met so many years ago and Sherlock could hack every journalist’s mobile-phones in the case of “A Study in Pink”...so it would not have been so difficult to hack every screen in England.  I suppose that you now have dealt with...hm...I think it would have been Magnussen’s accomplices in the government...or at least some other foes of yours. To think that both the House of Lords and the House of Commons have...well I wouldn’t hesitate to call it criminal elements....that is scaring as hell. And if I should speak the truth, Mycroft, I actually prefer that you somehow decide a lot more than any of those members. At least I know that you have a conscience! And how all those politicians could ever forget that Sherlock saved their arses and lives on that November night two years ago, well I couldn’t get my head round that. How could any...anyone at all accept that Sherlock would be sent to his death...and that was what he had been! I can recognize a suicide-mission when I see one, Mycroft!”
Sherlock rose and went over to John with his usual feline grace and removed the cloth like a magician.
Sherlock came out from the bedroom and stood leaned against the door-frame....looking like someone from a fashion-magazine: “Past tense....He
“Oh don't look like that, Sherlock. It was a wonderful wedding. Just....I married the wrong person.”
Sherlock looked at John...who hadn’t run away...who was back with him again and who had just kissed him.....Did John want more than just kisses?!
Right now, John was sure that Sherlock could even not remember his own name, only John’s. Sherlock was chanting: “John.... John......John!” almost like a prayer.
John's surprises weren't revealed right away. Not all of them. He had bought a vibrating butt plug that he did show right away, but a lot remained a secret until after their wedding. They didn't become necessary before after that, and John would like to be able to surprise Sherlock from time to time.
After the caning that had left Mycroft with eight precise welts on his buttocks, he was led to the St. Andreas Cross where he was secured with his cuffs. Lady Smallwood didn't want to use those for his ankles. Not for now.
Sherlock had woken up that June-morning to find that John had passed away in his sleep. It wasn't totally unexpected, because John had been ill for a while, and the evening before, he had said to Sherlock that he felt 'something was not good and he didn't feel well'.
Sherlock tapped absent-mindedly at the screen of his new phone as he answered, “Culverton Smith had made sure that my brother would be framed for a lot of Culverton's crimes. So as Mycroft survived, he was brought to a secret governmental hospital, where he is in custody right now and might face a trial later. Of course this material I have here, including some of Culverton's notes and diaries.....and yes, Jacqui found some of them too, they would clear Mycroft of almost every accusation. But is it enough? Wouldn’t it be easier to let such a man disappear than admitting that you have been controlled through him, by an indecent, manipulative and presumably crazy little ugly man?”
Rohan and Eshan did marry too....and to no one but Greg's daughters. It gave some legal problems though, since Greg was of course father to his daughters, but adoptive father to Rohan and Eshan as well. Leuris never married, but remained a part of that extended Holmes-Watson-Lestrade-Adler-family that included the retired Lady Elizabeth too. She had become some sort of mother for Leuris and it was just natural to regard her as one of the family.
“And as I said, I'm just a squire and not a lord. I could not have given you that position in society, that later brought you to our 'secret cabinet'.”
And Sherlock ducked under the kilt and moaned as he took John down in one swift gliding motion. An action that made John's knees buckle a bit.
John listened and said, with an uneasy feeling of deja vu, “No...I've never heard about that. What happened?”
Sherlock smiled, “Because he wasn't sure until the last minutes and didn't want to give me false hope. And because he honestly thought to have at least 14 days to extract me from Serbia. Didn't you notice, how scared he was, when he saw that list? Right there he knew that he had been minutes away from...well actually....killing me?”
She went to his side and touched his wrist gently. Released first his right wrist and then his left. He was 'gone', but as she looked into his eyes, that were glazed, she could see, that he was not in sub-space. He was not 'flying' or 'floating', but on his way to a sub-drop. That had not been her intention.
John sputtered and pointed at the piece of technology, “What the bloody hell is that? A fucking ear-piece?!”
“Don't!”, said Lady Smallwood, “You are really, oh what is the word...'eye-candy'. Come!” and she reached for him and pointed down at the couch. It was big and more than sufficient for both of them.
Her grand-niece, Marie Sissons, just carried on Mrs. Hudson's 'duties' and even accepted to be called 'Mrs. Hudson' by mistake. She did look an awful lot like a younger version of her aunt.
Sherlock looked awful. Pale, sweating and with dry lips. But no wonder as John checked Sherlock's values. They were just as out-balanced as yesterday and the days before that.
And the 12th of August – precisely 8 months after Sherlock had said what he thought to be his final farewell to John and had left England and anticipated that he would have been dead for two months at this date in August -  if not before – John was standing at the same airstrip on the tarmac and watching as the plane landed. He smiled as he saw Sherlock descending the stairs and then Sherlock sat his feet on British ground after having left for Eastern Europe the 28th of February, nearly 6 months ago.
“Well” said Mycroft: “the first part is the absolutely truth as the second part can be questioned a bit. Not in the beginning. The clause in Grandma’s will was rather strict and Sherlock had no access to the money, because in the eyes of the barristers, he didn’t have a proper job. It changed just before he...he... had to leave for 2 years. The exposure in the media finally made them understand that being the world’s only consulting detective was indeed a proper job. The money from Grandma came from France and the French barristers are...if possible...even more conservative than English barristers!”
“Shhh Mary...it is not your fault......You couldn’t have known. Just a stupid accident.....not your fault”
Mycroft made a decision, and said, a bit stuttering, because this was very private matters, “Very well. There are...certain clubs here in London, where.. certain gentlemen, mostly gentlemen, not so often women, can ask for....certain...
“I do...Remember that my cousins are 'The British Government' and even if it is difficult getting information through by now, it is beginning: in Asia, in Eastern Europe, in North America and South America. The 'encounters' are increasing to a level I would call 'war'.......and we just get the news about 10 percent of what is really happening out there.”
Mycroft continued, “I was the only one who could make you speak and Mummy and father took the decision that I could be home-tutored for at least a semester or two, until you were better. Maybe it wasn't the best of ideas to make an only 7 year older cousin look after a traumatized child. But you never appeared traumatized near me. I discovered that you could read...and that you had a hunger, almost matching mine, for knowledge. So my teachers did educate you as well, as you would be sitting nearby, seemingly buried in your pirate books, but never the less listening....”
John had turned around to turn off the water and as he left the stall, he saw Sherlock kneeling on the bathroom floor on the mat and several towels...obedient and just waiting.....and oh God how it went into John’s cock immediately. What he wanted to do to Sherlock when he was positioned like that...and had healed! John wasn’t sure that he actually liked that side of himself....being sadistic and dominating....but frankly....he didn’t give a damn right now!!
Mycroft frowned, “I've been here all the time. Sometimes so close that I've almost suffocated you.....so what do you mean?”
John continued, “At that time we didn't know, that we couldn't trust Mycroft, so when one of his cars came to bring you back to Baker Street, we both, you and I, got into that car. Culverton showed up and said something, that didn't make sense to me at that time, but apparently made sense to you, as he scared the shit out of you...and then I followed you back to Baker Street. At that time we had still hope that Rosie could be cured.”
When Sherlock landed again he found himself held in John’s arms. The restraints had been removed and the collar was gone too.
“Yeah....I learned that later....after he returned, that Moriarty had put snipers on me, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson.”
if he had just used plain 'snail-mail' and CD's as Mary later did, then I'm not sure we could have prevented his revenge. But as it turned out? He didn't have a chance to send anything out. All his threats were empty. But only because Sherlock decided that he would sacrifice his own life to end Magnussen. Sherlock hadn't told me, that he, if he found that the vaults were not under Appledore and all the agents waiting in vain for his code to be sent to enter Appledore and retrieve the informations, ...if there were no vaults there...and they would be in London, Sherlock had decided that he would kill Magnussen. Sherlock knew of course that we would 'jam' the office-building, but as he discovered that Magnussen had been the man behind putting John in the bonfire, Magnussen gave a bit more away than he had intended. Sherlock now knew that Magnussen had been a lot more involved in the criminal world and as Magnussen then told that he, just like Sherlock, had so many more informations stored in his head, Sherlock made the hard decision to shoot Magnussen. He later told me that he had expected to be shot by Magnussen guards.....or by my men. As he dropped down on his knees and shouted to John that he should stay away, he had expected to feel the bullets hit him.....”
Hamish couldn't say anything. He just looked at his father for a few seconds and then he said, “You must have planned this for a long time. It can't have been easy to buy that much gold in a short time....”
Mycroft smiled, a predatory smile, just as dangerous looking as Sherlock's had been, “Because we are sitting close to their water-supply and the tank with hot water. And I haven't heard water being used since last night. No one had used the loos during the night. And the staff usually starts making breakfast by now: tapping water for coffee and tee. Tapping water for making bread and boiling eggs. And there hasn't been used a drop of water since last night. I even checked the water meter. The little wheel hasn't moved and the numbers are the same. We managed. You managed....my brilliant genius of a brother...”
Sherlock smiled, “This 'you'. This Mycroft, who I adored. My big brother who told me 'All The Important Stuff'...even if he thought me to be an idiot compared to Eurus. The Mycroft who showed me how to use a microscope and told me stories about pirates and looked in 'The Three Carridebs'-book with me to find the clues. That 'Mycroft'.”
John turned his body a bit so he could see Sherlock’s face and took a deep breath, “There is something I have to say to you before our marriage. And just like I previously had to promise you to listen without running away, I’ll ask of you not to either. Not in person and not into your mind-palace! OK?”
He smiled at her, “Right now I'm fine, even if I am a bit drowsy...endorphins I presume. So maybe something to eat and then a bit of sleep. Just here...with you? And then I would like to see what you have in the cupboards, even if you say that my punishment is over.”
“Our new home....if you are amenable. Maybe it is time to retire? It is such a nice house and there will be place for bees and you can write and I know we are not that old, only 47 and 51 and....”
chance? There is no way that I'm going to loose you again. No adrenaline rush, no triumph over criminals is worth that. I want to grow old with you...and frankly: Baker Street lost a lot of its appeal, when Martha died. So yes....let us move to Sussex and grow old together.”
“.......And I had the thought..” John continued, “....what would have happened if I had used the opportunity and had undressed you? But that would have been rape....so I didn't. But I thought about it. You looked so young and soft and lovable. I now know it was because you were drugged and your shields were down. And I just wanted you. And of course I 'knew' that you were not into such activities.....”
John shook his head, “No way. I couldn't have told her anything. I didn't see her until several days later and that last time I saw her, I didn't say much, before I shot her!”
And now the two men were hauling of laughter, clinging to each other....John still sitting on the bed and Sherlock kneeling between his legs.
And then Sherlock had wanted to know why on Earth he should be attending a political meeting and of all places in Bulgaria?
Before they could reach the door, John pushed Sherlock up against the wall, forced him a bit down and kissed him and licked at the precise spot on his neck close to his ear, that precise spot that always made Sherlock go weak.
John didn't say anything, just nodded and Sherlock continued, “And if drugs are out of the question, and nicotine doesn't work.....and it doesn't work to exercise....if running or Ashtanga-yoga don't give the wanted result. If meditation is....”
Sherlock's cock was not quite as thick as John's own and not quite as long, but it was fitting perfectly to Sherlock's body type. It was John's impressive length and girth that was the exception and didn't fit neither his hight or any other part of his body, that usually was associated with how well-endowed a man would be. Sherlock's cock had a nice shape as well, a well formed head and a colour that made John's mouth water. Sherlock was the most handsome man John had ever seen...and that included Sherlock's cock too.
“May I enter, John?” asked Sherlock carefully...slipping out of the role: “I would so much like to have a shower too!”
“One of these days, we will get abducted, while you are wearing those lingerie-items, and have your pockets stuffed with lube and condoms and we will get killed, because I will be to God-damned distracted and I'll be thinking with my prick instead of being able to defend us, “ would John grumble and Sherlock would smirk and lower his voice to a deep baritone, that would as always go directly to John's groin and say, “But what a way to go!”
The doctor looked at him and then he slowly said, “We once feared that we would make robots, that could take over the world. Defeat us humans...if they became too clever. Asimov's 4 robotic rules were build into robots for the same reason. ….....and I've read the 'Lancet' as well about 'development in enhancing the human body', until we suddenly couldn't read more about that. Did they continue that work? Without the government's knowledge? Building 'super-humans' instead of 'super-robots'?”
So. Back in Baker Street 221B again. Sherlock still as thin as a stick and using a cane, but he was there and alive and John and Sherlock were together.
Sherlock shook his head, “I understand why you panicked, Mary...and you did!......And I appreciate that you didn't kill me afterwards even if you had a lot of opportunities....”
“So what does your wife think about you coming here… With the obvious purpose of something sexual happening?” was John’s first question.
And Mycroft continued: “Please let me continue, John. You had not enough information to make the right decision, and that was partly my fault. I didn’t tell you what I had found out...or what I thought I had found out about “Mary”. When you married her, I knew something was not right about her....and I should have told you.....Instead I blamed you for choosing her and not Sherlock. I blamed you for choosing her.....And in reality you didn’t choose Mary, but the glossy picture she had made herself into. Later you chose her for the noblest reasons.....not to abandon a woman, who was expecting your child. I can’t really blame you for that. And yet I did.....I did blame you for choosing her after she had partly revealed who she was and what she was capable of. And you only did that after a lot of contemplation and almost a direct order from my brother. I confused your high moral standard and consciousness with Victor’s rejection....and that was not fair against you. You still wanted to stay as Sherlock’s friend and I suppose that you......if possible....would have stayed as his friend despite his feelings for you, had he revealed them before.”
When John finally let Sherlock’s face go, Sherlock looked up at John with almost the same expression he had had when John asked him to be his fist man.
', A word seldom used in English...and together with her careful preparation of you, it made you see red again and attack me. She kept on poisoning your mind and had it not been for Magnussen's ill-timed attack on you and his putting you into the bonfire, we might not ever have talked again...”
Sherlock was asleep as John and Mary entered. And John had to stop and look at the other man for just a moment. Sherlock looked so much younger in his sleep. But it was easy to see how much the events of the last years had taken their toll on him. He was so thin. Even thinner than when John saw him the first time. The first grey hairs were to be seen at his temples...and if he didn't came more to his senses and admitted what substance he had taken, he would get even thinner and finally die.
John looked back at Mycroft: “I don’t know, Mycroft. It feels wrong to abandon her when she is going to need care. But....but the last lie....about Mina. Just too much And Mary swore that Mina was mine....I really do not know if I can ever trust Mary. I think that she genuinely wanted to make a new life. Stop being an assassin. And I think if she really would have harmed me....or Sherlock for that case.....she had had lots of opportunities....”
Sherlock looked a bit embarrassed, “Well, uhm, yes...I did, but I think that I've apologized a lot of times for that, haven't I?”
Sherlock laid down on his stomach on the bed on several towels that John had put there and John helped him get out of the silk gown. John had carefully put a towel over Sherlock’s buttocks, so only Sherlock’s back was exposed.
Sherlock smiled, “Well if Greg do not want to, Mycroft can rely on the other person, who lately made sure, that he did pay for his mistakes.”
As Sherlock just looked at him, John continued, “I can't blame you for being with Mycroft after 'Sherrinford', can I? I had pushed you away again.....and even if you didn't say anything, when I finally had gathered my courage and visited Baker Street, you thought you had lost me after the 'Sherrinford-island', didn't you?”
“But he was frozen solid for almost 100 years. He was frozen under primitive conditions. The cell-damage must have been enormous....”, protested Sherlock.
And John had suggested exactly that. Sherlock had used his impressive skills as a chemist and had made several vials filled with a clear liquid.
John smiled, “You do know, then. That is what I plan to do to you. It is something that you have never experienced before and.....”
He took a deep breath and continued, “I know that Sherlock made the deduction about the 'English woman' , who had betrayed AGRA. And made it wrong. But it was
John laughed hard, with tears in his eyes: “Oh my God, Mycroft. You sound exactly like Sherlock....Tell me about your mother’s “regime”, please, so I can avoid scaring the hell out of you!”
He had slept in her guest room during the night and had had the best sleep for ages and they had agreed on calling each other when the need arose.
And Mycroft continued to tell how it was all planed and what the wanted outcome should have been and in fact had become...most of it:
He closed the 'parachute' around Sherlock's balls and attached the weights to it. Not to much, just enough to create a pleasant feeling of stretching...and it would prevent Sherlock from coming too fast.
Lady Smallwood smiled again and said, “Those are fair conditions and so much within my own limits. So there are no problems here. And I suppose that we'll use the usual 'green', 'yellow' and 'red' as safe-words? And if I cross a limit of yours, you are allowed to use them...and you'll answer truthfully if I ask, is that understood?”
“Thank you....And I appreciate it..” said John and gave Mycroft a firm handshake: “Both about the asking and the world....”
“John!”, panted Sherlock and grappled for John's head and returned the kiss. Hard and messily, because Sherlock had longed for John, his strength, his scent...since this morning. Since they met, actually.
They had decided that it would be Greg and John, who would be waiting at the altar, and Mycroft and Sherlock walking up to them. And seeing Sherlock's happy face had brought tears forward in John's eyes...and a sidewards glance at Greg had shown him in the similar state. Mycroft had lowered his shields and was showing the real Mycroft, not the 'Ice-man', and even John had to admit that Mycroft was almost as handsome as Sherlock, as the two brothers walked side by side with their father in between them, towards their coming husbands. And with their father in the middle, it was easier to see the similarities between the two brothers, even if Sherlock did take a bit more after his mother, than Mycroft did.
Mycroft looked back: “It wasn’t pretty! Some people can gain weight and it’ll distribute itself almost evenly. But unfortunately I have not inherited my father’s athletic build like Sherlock has, but more the “apple”-shaped figure of my grandfather. So almost nearly every single of those 15 kg was situated on my stomach. My tailor had done an excellent job and was able to partly conceal my growing waist measurement, but as I hadn’t been home for Christmas that year because of examinations, my family hadn’t seen me for more than 8 months. It was then I began to wear the 3-piece suit as it concealed my growing waist. Of course both 14 year old Sherlock and my mother spotted it immediately and my mother put me on a diet. It was horrifying and humiliating.....and both she and Sherlock were guarding me as a hawk would guard a prey. But you do not say “no” to my mother!! She is too scaring if you try so. Who do you think taught Sherlock and I to be so sarcastic and biting? My diet consisted of lots of meat and vegetables. Enormous amounts of vegetables. And exercises....running, sit-ups. I hated it! It took hours of valuable time. It was humiliating!!! But unfortunately it worked.....”
John looked at Sherlock and actually didn't like the look of steel in Sherlock's eyes. But why not? 'Mary' had after all tried to kill Sherlock more than once.
And then they were finally there......both stark naked and with proud erections. Both John and Sherlock noticed that the other man preferred to have shaved genitals, except from a groomed tuft at the root of their cocks. John’s blond, almost golden with specks of grey....just like the hair on his head and Sherlock’s the same dark brown, almost black colour as the hair on his head. It made a stunning contrast to the paleness of his skin. But then John noticed something....an uncertainty in Sherlock’s expression.
John looked at Mycroft, when he said that. He hadn't imagined that it was Mycroft, who had taught Sherlock to play.
Mycroft seemed humbled by their openness and acceptance, not the pompous man he sometimes appeared to be.
Again Sherlock was lying in John's arms. Both men in pyjamas and ready to talk for hours if necessary.
John looked at Sherlock and said: “You are amazing...you solved the case in less than 2 days! Brilliant!”
Of course both Sherlock and John noticed that the younger part of the family not had the possibility to visit that often...especially as the situation all over the world got worse. And John and Sherlock, who had been so fond of computers and cell-phones and all the information they could find on the internet, they did notice too...of course....that things didn't work so well any-more. Not the internet and not the communication-net based on satellites. But Sherlock and John were old and found pleasure in small things: that they had eachother, that the bee-hives flourished, that the garden bloomed, that there were friends and neighbours to talk to and all the necessary groceries to be bought in the supermarket. Newspapers were again printed on paper and there were plenty of books on the shelves in the library and at home. And they had money to pay for help as well, when they needed it.
John hugged him, “And the real reason was, that I was so ashamed of myself. I had only done so little to try to save us all on that island. I honestly thought, that I would damage you more by being near you, than removing myself from your life. I was such an idiot!”
Sherlock stopped and John continued, “And even if I had asked for miracles....that you somehow would have survived....I treated you like shit...”
John smiled again and said, “So are you now.” And he turned Sherlock around so he could see the old white-haired man sitting in the chair with a smile on his face, “You just leave your body behind and then you are not old anymore!”
Now the man was smiling warmly again: “Well.....anything more than a sheet would be appropriate I think!”
John shook his head, “But why did she then encourage me to contact you again? She told me that she liked you...”
Sherlock just looked at John....his eyes so sad and then he whispered: “Am I really that awful, John?”
And then John told about his own anger and confusion and how ashamed he was, and gradually over the following weeks, talking with the therapist, John could finally admit that he might not be gay.....but that he had feelings for men too. Especially one man.......and now everything was ruined. And John deserved that!
And Sherlock obeyed. Grappled his own legs and held them and almost bent himself in half to give John better access.
Sherlock stood very close, “I have found it because I want to use it in a very improper way. Are you interested?”
.....and he woke up...in his own bed in Baker Street. Sweating and panting. But the nightmare sort of stayed with him.....that everybody hated him. That sadness lingered....and as John barged into his bedroom....and turned on the night-lamp.....worried because he had heard Sherlock scream... he was met with Sherlock’s wild eyes, filled with fear and almost no recognition of John. The dream still so vivid that Sherlock actually for the first time in his life feared John.
Lady Elizabeth had smiled as she told Mycroft how hungry he had looked, as she had shown him the large butt-plug.
The enema kit had a selection of different nozzles to choose from. It was certainly not for medical use, as such a kit would definitely not contain nozzles the size of rather big butt plugs. This particular enema kit was designed specifically for Dom/sub play. But the results would be the same as if it was a medical enema. A clean rectum. And it would surprise Sherlock, who was unaware that John had bought it.
Mycroft nodded, “Well. Back to the reason for 'flatmate'. Sherlock needed a flatmate. Not for financial reasons. But for...mental reasons. And you needed the job as well.”
And Sherlock continued to tell about that horrible summer, sitting in the bed, late at night and leaned up against John:
And John cried a bit and kissed Sherlock, even if his lip had a split and he was a bit bruised and battered.
Mycroft smiled a bit, “Well it is hard to avoid seeing and hearing that you proposed and that he accepted, when you did it all in front of your flat...outside and just in front of those cameras. And they are still there because they could still be necessary. Your safety...all 3 of you...is still a concern of mine.”
She smiled, “He really is. It has been a pleasure to finally meet you, John Watson, as a colleague.”
“Oh..... Believe me. I was cornered and had to find a way out. I could not kill Sherlock......you would never have forgiven me. But I had to make it look like I had tried to.....Oh John. I didn’t know I came so close to kill him. I avoided his heart, his lungs and his spleen and his intestines. Either that would have killed him instantly or later. Of course you know that if you shoot people in the area between and above the liver, you do not hit vital organs....you even avoid the kidney. But I must have ruptured the inferior vena cava....since Sherlock almost bled to death. I’m truly sorry John, but it was the only option I had.”
John chuckled, “Yeah. I could believe that. And the Victorians had the strangest ideas about 'contamination'. They invented iron beds that could be detached so they could be cleaned thoroughly, so all the 'bug-eggs' could be removed. There was even a law against having beds hanging out of the windows, so people must have done that in order to dry them. And at the same time they didn't wash often and had chamber pots under their beds. And that brings me to the next weird thing about Victorians and the lower parts of the anatomy. All the terrible things they did...the doctors and the governesses...in order to prevent masturbation. Sometimes they were punishing the young men so severely, that they ruined the young men's genitals or gave them mental traumas, and made it impossible for them to perform sex later on. We once followed a lecture about that...about various times' views upon masturbation, and some of the means they used to prevent masturbation came close to …...not 'not close to'. It was torture... Flogging them. Caning them..”
“Well. Some people thought that it was Sherrinford and I, who were brothers and not Mycroft and I. Rudy was a distant relative of my father...a cousin twice removed. And Marilyn was my mother's cousin. So....that could have been the explanation for our outer likeness. But as I said: Sherrinford was cold and calculating and got away with a lot of things because he looked like an angel. No one had ever put a foot down against him for real and he got used to get what he wanted.”
John was shown into one of the guest-rooms where Mycroft was waiting for him. And there, on a trolley, was something that John had not seen for a very long time: a very traditional English Afternoon Tea, including finger-sandwiches with ham and cucumber and salmon. Warm scones with clotted cream. A big variety of cakes and pastries. Everything......including 4 varieties of tea.
Sherlock had opened the bedroom window, with the fly-veil secured in front of the window. Even if the bedroom faced north and was shadowed by big trees, it could get warm. He had washed John and given him his nicest suit on. Not with ease...he had to cut it with a pair of scissors a few places and didn't bother with clean underwear. it was clean enough as it was. He had placed John on his back, closed his eyes and had fetched some flowers in the garden and had placed them in John's hands....and had said, “You...John Hamish Watson-Holmes. You wait for me on the other side. I'll be there in a few hours. So wait for me.” Hoping that it was the truth...that there was an after-life. And that he wouldn't be punished for killing himself.
John got the enema equipment from the bathroom cupboard. He wanted Sherlock to be totally clean in that area. It would be necessary for the things he had planned out for Sherlock, and oh… He’d had the time to plan, while trying to get that collar around Sherlock’s neck!
The two men sat in silence for a while and the John took a shaky breath and continued, “Oh no, don’t worry. I'm not having a break-down. I just need to sort out my thoughts. Well..”
Now Sherlock looked a bit embarrassed, because he suddenly understood that John actually might not like his job as a doctor at the clinic.
The whole catastrophic event had started innocently enough: Mycroft and Greg had been invited to dinner and afterwards John had been sitting in the sofa in the living room at Baker Street together with Greg and each holding a beer, watching a football match on the telly and both had been listening with half an ear to Sherlock's and Mycroft's conversation. They were sitting at the dinner table. Looking through a lot of papers.
“I’m sorry, John. But first now in this moment I’ve come to realise that you didn’t need that job, because you wanted to use your skills as a doctor....or to get away from me when I was too much. You took it because you felt that we needed the money. Right?”
John nodded, “Then start there, Love. We have the whole night and tomorrow and the day after that and so on......all the time you and I need, don't we? There is no Moriarty, who wants to kill you and me. No Magnussen, no Culverton......and no murderous wife. Just you and me, Sherlock..”
John was smiling even if the young man couldn’t see it. John knew his own worth...and being a doctor and a captain didn’t diminish his value anyway...on the contrary!
John nodded, “And it scared me......and then she shot me. It was as if I was not able to react, just passively watching everything that happened.....”
Sherlock nearly didn’t feel them any more, only a small sting of pain and then just the dull throbbing. It was strange - he remembered the feelings of the whiplashes back in Serbia.....they were much harder and more painful. Had the blow to his head caused more damage than anticipated? Was his body shutting down? Endorphins would help ease the pain.....but it still felt...off.
When Sherlock had put the collar around John’s neck, John thought that Sherlock had deduced him correctly. The collar initiated a Pavlovian response in him, simultaneously calming him down and arousing him. Not that John needed that much extra arousal. His cock had been erect since Sherlock had given him the unfinished blow-job. Not even the enema had made it falter.
“Couldn’t be better” said John and kissed Sherlock’s back a place he could find, without scars or bandages.
“Hey...Sherlock...stay with me. Do not disappear into your mind-palace!” John said as he still caressed Sherlock’s face.
When John is looking at Sherlock, I imagine Sherlock looking a bit like this, but in kilt. I'm not good at making hyperlinks, so just copy and  paste it into the url-line. Tell me please, if it doesn't work.
Sherlock sat up too and took John's face between his hands and began to kiss him on his forehead, his cheeks and finally his mouth....and then he said, “I do...I do...I do. I fully capable of loving more than one person, John. And no...I don't want to marry Mycroft. I don't want to have sex with him, not any-more. Not when I have you. With him it was a time-bubble. A thing that needed to be done in order to heal us both.”
Mycroft nodded, “I appreciate that you would do this for Sherlock and I am a bit surprised, I'll have to admit that. Even if I disagree about you not being a good parent. But consider it done. And about the wedding. May I suggest something?”
But then John finally came to his senses and didn't hear what Sherlock had planned more.......saying everything in that voice that was pure liquid velvet-like dark chocolate, like a jaguar's purring. A voice John was sure could make him come on the spot, if he listened to it much longer. So Sherlock's voice was muffled by a hard kiss, that soon turned into moans as the two men stumbled towards the bedroom.
“Utterly bullshit, Sherlock. You have never been able to force me to do anything I didn’t want to do...well besides watching you fall from that bloody roof. I’m a dangerous man too, Sherlock! And if you do remember....I’ve been able to force you more than a couple of times too. So...I do not buy that excuse! I’m still interested!”
Sherlock lifted his head, “No...you are not. What friend would tell his best friend to 'fuck off' after said friend had returned from Hell on Earth after two and a half year? Even if you were hurt, you didn't even ask someone..anyone... how I was, after you had beaten the shit out of me. What friend would tell his best friend to 'fuck off' after said friend had worked his arse off to make the best wedding ever? What friend would yell and insult when his best friend was in a rough place and had started using again? Because that was what I had done,...then. Molly slapped me. You cursed at me, but had never bothered to check on me. What kind of help was that? What kind of friend would again tell his best friend to fuck off after his wife had decided to take the bullet aimed at said best friend. You knew that 'Mary' was an agent at that time. You knew by then, that she had betrayed her group and you knew that she had tried to kill me and I don't know her motive for throwing herself in front of that bullet, but she did. And it was her decision. What friend would attack and kick 'his best friend' when said friend was dying of poisoning? Directing your own anger and hurt and betrayal at the wrong person. I realize now that you have never been my friend!”
Sherlock smiled at his big brother, “Sometimes you can be such an idiot, Myke. Of course it is better to 'postpone' or maybe even prevent. It is not a given thing or a law, that we should have a war. This....this what we are doing or have done...this is a...a 'vaccination'. The disease might come...or it might not. But at least it will not be as severe.”
“Don't”, said Mycroft and reached for Greg's hand, “That was exactly what I needed. And I'm still sorry that I ruined our wedding-night because of my freakish needs.”
“Curved plugs or curved dildos so they would hit and stimulate both the prostate and the perineum and the balls at the same time and devises with electrical stimulation...”, explained John and as Sherlock tensed a bit John understood immediately and hurried to explain, “Oh God Sherlock, nothing like that! Just gentle...Oh God I would never use anything on you that would even remind the sightliest to torture instruments. Sorry!”
Sherlock paused and laid down on his back, “I would have this fantasy after you had left and had given me after-care, and I would find my bottle of lubricant and put my fingers up my own arse....and I would have a second orgasm. So Myke, that is why you are an idiot.....when we could have had this!”
“Because I suddenly saw what my not trusting you totally and not bringing you in on my...and Mycroft's plans...had cost you. You had aged and looked...unhappy. And right there and then I decided to step back...and not scrutinize Mary too thoroughly. Because looking at her showed not more than I later learned that she would allow to show. A nurse. A woman with a few secrets. A strong woman. A woman that was the perfect fit for you...at the first glance. And then I accepted whatever you would have done to me, because I could read your grief and sorrow and loss...How much I had let you down.”
“So, turning you into a… this,” said John. “You said this was supposed to humiliate you? By what? Wounding your vanity? Because you don’t really seem the type. To be vain about your looks, I mean.”
“If you remember, the copper rose was found with some clothing in a trash can near Merryweather’s location,” said Sherlock. “The clothing was identified as belonging to Merryweather by fibre analysis. But if Merryweather hadn’t summoned the Fae, the rose and the collar would have been the only clues as to his identity. The collar was immediately traceable to The Woman, and no doubt her matching rose helped seal her fate. She could have denied knowing the deceased, or given the police the obviously fake name of Virgil Merryweather, a person with no official past — it wouldn’t have mattered which. The roses would have taken longer to unravel, presumably buying enough time for Merryweather’s body to be cremated, but eventually someone would have enough knowledge of the Fae to notice the blatant faerie symbol stamped on them and trace it to one of the few faerie artisans working in London. And he would have identified the person who commissioned the roses as Avery Dain — who both Lestrade and I already knew to be Moriarty, himself — and that would have led on to the apartment he’d staged to look as though someone had frantically searched it. It was a little trail of breadcrumbs for me to follow.”
Slippers, robe, and down the stairs. He sat, toes on the line and ass on the step, listening. It seemed to him that the music was less full of want and more full of promise.
“God, that’s—” John couldn’t help but push into Sherlock’s grip as well. “—that’s… fuck… amazing, but we’re going to need lube and a spot to lie down, or at least brace ourselves, if you plan to keep that up.”
“Well, you have a tendency to shout. ‘No,’ mostly. And on one occasion, ‘Suction!’ I assume you were dreaming about surgery.”
“Why I have a hard-on!?” asked John. “It’s morning. I’m in bed with you. I’m touching you. You turn me on. It’s a pretty natural response given the stimuli.”
“If you conjure up an Rx form in your magic drawer there, I could prescribe you a patch,” said John.
Sherlock loved to talk about the Merryweather case except when he didn’t. Today, however, he seemed eager to bounce his thoughts off his audience of one.
It took him a moment to register the soft music coming from downstairs. If he hadn’t been sleeping with his door open, hoping that Sherlock would play tonight after ignoring him all day, he wouldn’t have heard it at all. He pulled on his robe and padded down the stairs. He adjusted his still-erect cock as he sat down on his usual step.
But he’d have to wait to find out. He’d been close when Sherlock had started sucking him. He was there now.
The woman turned and, bypassing a set of stairs, led him down a narrow hall. He followed her into what turned out to be a kitchen. And what an odd kitchen it was. The walls were covered in huge yellow flowers and the linoleum floor was printed to look like a kelim rug. The cupboards were green, and the small table had chrome-plated legs. There was a tiny white electric hob and a refrigerator so old that the compressor sat on top of it. In the corner was a little shelf full of china cocker spaniels. The room was cozy — inviting, even — but he was sure nothing in it was fewer than thirty or forty years old except for the glass kettle which the woman seemed to be examining as if she regretted throwing out the instructions.
They both sat back, smiling besottedly at each other. Well, Sherlock looked besotted. John just assumed that he did as well. He picked up his glass and took a drink.
John felt a fire kindle in his chest. He was angry, but not the dangerous kind of angry — he hoped — just a burn-away-the-deadfall sort of angry, not a demolish-the-whole-damn-forest sort.
“People bring me problems — mysteries they can’t solve, crimes that fall outside the purview or expertise of Scotland Yard — and I find the answers.”
Sherlock cradled John’s head in one paw, and John took that as a sign that he should go back to mouthing Sherlock’s nipple. Sherlock stroked John’s back with his other paw, sometimes pressing the pad against John’s skin when John did something particularly good, sometimes grazing John’s skin with his claws, but not stopping.
“Well, you can get any station, you know! I watched everything from Benny Hill to telenovelas. It was some education!”
Sherlock set the book he’d been reading on the bedside table and wrapped an arm around John’s shoulder. And he stopped pretending that he needed to breathe.
Whether Sherlock meant that he hadn’t expected John to do that or whether he meant that he hadn’t expected to like it, John didn’t know.
John reached down and laid his hand on Sherlock’s slowly bobbing head, winding his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
“Hm?” She tore her eyes away from the kettle and looked at him. “Oh yes, the… oddness. This is a pocket dimension of Faerie. As for why it’s so foggy — I really couldn’t say. It may serve a purpose or may just be typical Fae drama.”
From the way Sherlock was pressing his lips together, John gathered there were other ways of looking at it, but that one wasn’t entirely inaccurate. Just what happened between these two? And did John really want to get in the middle of it?
“Could be,” said Sherlock. “It could be anything. They tailor it to the spell. For example, Ms. Adler had a brass rose that she could speak to when she wanted to contact Merryweather. A spell like this — only meant to be used once — could be contained on a slip of paper or some other disposable item. Although…”
John had wondered in passing about the parts of Sherlock’s unusual anatomy that were not usually on display. He had surmised, by the roundness of Sherlock’s hips and buttocks that his legs were equine all the way up, and Sherlock himself had confirmed the presence of a tail.
“It’s the one piece of furniture here that fits me,” said Sherlock. “Probably because I don’t truly need it.”
“What do you make of this?” asked Sherlock, dropping a couple of eight-by-ten photographs next to John’s plate and sitting in the chair catty-corner from his own.
“Ms. Adler’s personal secretary said that she admitted Merryweather to Ms. Adler’s home. She and Ms. Adler went to an art opening about an hour later without Merryweather. The secretary assumed he had left by the back entrance. The body was found by a commuter ten minutes after the custodian had cleaned the room. Ms. Adler and her secretary had been in a gallery full of people for over half an hour by then.”
John took one hand off Sherlock’s waist and placed it on his chest, fitting the hollow of his palm over Sherlock’s pectoral muscle. He rubbed gently, searching for the elusive male nipple. It only took a moment for it to stiffen against John’s caress. He took it between two fingers and rolled it.
“Iron?” It took a second for John to dredge the relevant fact from his sketchy knowledge of folklore. “He was a…?”
The door to the flat was rusty and stiff. Sunlight shone weakly through the grimy windows, falling on furnishings that were at once familiar and strange. The bookcases were still there, but the contents were… off. It was hard to pinpoint why through all the dust. Sherlock’s leather chair was gone, replaced by an armchair of indeterminate colour.
John checked the applications installed on the machine. Sherlock came around the table and bent low enough to see the screen over John’s shoulder.
“You’re not—” John reached out and took the tie from Sherlock’s claws. “Here. Let me.” He tied the belt securely with a slip knot.
“Her as well,” said Sherlock. John hadn’t noticed that Sherlock’s voice had become warmer and more relaxed until now, when it reverted to the disdainful sound that had first sent a chill up his spine.
John licked a fleeting, tickling flicker along Sherlock’s lower lip. Sherlock didn’t open for John, but he did groan — a
Downstairs, the wall above the sofa was plastered with photos of rooms decorated in what was once the cutting edge of modern fashion — white walls and dark wood furniture with bright cushions that were probably sitting in a museum somewhere a room or two over from Sherlock’s chair. It looked like something from
John stood to go. He didn’t mind obeying Sherlock’s not-so-subtle demand to be left alone. It was, after all, put far more politely than Sherlock’s usual demands. Perhaps that’s what troubled John. Sherlock was redirecting him, and John wondered from what.
“Oh, is that what we’re doing? Thought a lot about last night, have you?” He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s pulse and kissed a line down to the base of his neck.
In the quiet he heard the distant sound of a door behind this one slamming shut, followed by brisk footsteps. The door opened, and a small, older woman wearing a lace cap and a long black dress with a full skirt appeared. John thought he caught a glimpse of high-buttoned boots as her skirts were momentarily brushed aside by the edge of the door. Realizing that it was probably strange (not to mention rude) to stare at her hem, he returned his gaze to her face.
He wrapped his hand around it and stroked it gently. The skin was butter-soft and smooth, and the flesh it covered didn’t feel entirely flaccid, but thick and spongy. John assumed this was its normal state. He slid his hand under it and lifted. It was heavy and warm.
He pulled air deep into his lungs — held it for a moment and let it out slowly. He was sweaty and disoriented, lying alone in a strange bed, the first light of day filtering weakly through the fog outside his window.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Like a communication device you’re using to chat with your faerie lover — yes, John.”
“I wanted to be sure this wasn’t just a three-night thing,” said Sherlock. “Magic often runs in threes.”
John bit his lip and smiled at Sherlock. “Maybe, for us, there isn’t a whole world of choices out there.”
John picked it up and read the article. He suspected by the tone of the piece, that it had appeared in a rather sensationalist sort of publication. The gist of the story was that charges of murder against a woman in the U.S. had been dropped when the husband she had allegedly killed turned up at a logging camp in Canada with no memory of the violent death to which she had already confessed to subjecting him.
He snorted. When they were twelve, an argument like this wouldn’t have ended until their dad took off his belt.
Sherlock dragged his attention from his improvised crime mural to John’s incredulous face. “The flat is never too hot or cold. I’m never hungry or thirsty. I never have a full bladder. And that year did pass quickly. It seemed to me that I’d barely slept a few hours.”
On the morning of the third day — when John had been absent from Baker Street for about forty hours — Harry finally woke up with an appetite. Her congestion was breaking up and she was much more alert.
John took the opportunity to wipe his hand on his dressing gown. He felt Sherlock take his other hand and tug. He let Sherlock pull him to his feet.
John tugged the drawer open. Sitting on top of a pile of vintage cooking gadgets and old lab equipment was a charging cable wound neatly around its brick.
Sherlock’s penis was… immense. John supposed it was also somewhat horse-like, at least in size and coloration. Though it was shaped like a human penis, it was brown-and-cream piebald and long enough to literally reach nearly to his knees. (
Sherlock bent and kissed him. “Three days, John. 72 hours — no more. I can’t hold the door open any longer than that.”
“There’s me,” said John. “We get on pretty well and I’m not fussed by the age gap, if you aren’t. I mean, I’m not— you know…”
John closed his eyes and put his hand on Sherlock’s throat — feeling the movement of muscles and tendons as Sherlock kissed him. He swept his hand over Sherlock’s shoulder and down his arm. Sherlock was larger now, but other than that, he felt the same as when John touched him during the witching hour.
Harry adds biphobia to her arsenal of weapons with which to goad her brother.  Drug use, needles, and a past suicide attempt also make an appearance.
“How did you know I’m unemployed?” John realised the stupidity of the question as soon as it left his mouth. “Never mind. I go for walks…”
“Of course, that gentleman turned out to also be part faerie. The club was made up of them, so it was a much more even playing field. My Jonathon turned out to be not very good when his advantage was gone.”
And in the middle of all of this lay Sherlock’s immense cock. It was a deeper shade of brown than his coat and covered in ivory splotches, as was his scrotum. John hadn’t noticed any pubic hair the first time he’d glimpsed Sherlock’s genitals, but now he saw that there were a few ivory curls surrounding them.
Sherlock remained in his bedroom for the rest of the day, and John didn’t hear him playing that night. He wasn’t at breakfast, either, but when John returned from his run, Sherlock was lying on the sofa, talking to someone on his telephone.
From just below his navel to his fetlocks, Sherlock was covered in sleek, russet-brown hair — like the summer coat of a horse. His hips were wide to accommodate the bones and musculature of a horse’s hindquarters, although his legs were somewhat straighter than a horse’s, John thought. His tail was indeed like a lion’s — covered in the same russet-brown hair as the rest and ending in an ivory tuft like his fetlocks.
John turned toward the kitchen, but it was no longer a kitchen. Bookcases lined most of the walls and there was a sideboard with glass decanters sitting on top. A dining table and chairs took up the centre of the room.
“And what if you just find some bloke named Avery Dain who made a very smart investment back in 1980?”
“What kinds of things would you like to do with me, John?” Sherlock’s voice was closer now. “If you could come down here, into this room, while I’m human, what would you do with me?”
“I’m betting it is,” said John. He decided it was time for Sherlock to play this game too. “What would you do next?”
The lube bottle dug into John’s hip. He really should have taken it out of his pocket before lying down. He wriggled his hand down between himself and the cushion and pulled it out.
So Sherlock had left the lamp off, and they’d made love by touch alone. It wasn’t the same as when only John was blind. It made locating the lube far more difficult, for one thing.
“Oh, John!” she cried, grasping his arms. “He threw me out!” She saw the door behind John and her eyes went wide. “The pocket dimension is shrinking! You’ve got to go in there.”
“I’d kiss you again — longer this time. I’d brush your lip with my tongue to see if you’d open your mouth for me.”
Sherlock was sitting slouched in his favourite chair in front of the fire, his long legs stretched so far out that his crossed hooves were under John’s chair. He looked up at John’s entrance, surprised.
Sherlock didn’t gasp for breath, of course. His chest and lips, well-kissed though they were, didn’t turn pink.
John laid Sherlock’s cock down against his belly and straddled his thick thighs. He applied what was left of the lube on his hands to himself. Then he leaned forward and thrust slowly, dragging his own hard and aching cock against Sherlock’s.
“It would be your first time, and I’d want to show you how… fucking sweet it can be. How messy and… fun… and profound sometimes. So, damn straight I’d take my time. I’d bury my fingers in your hair. I’d kiss your lips and your face and your neck. I’d put my mouth on your nipple, and I’d lick and suck until you cried out, and then I’d do the same to the other one. I’d get down on my knees and kiss your stomach and your ribs and those hollows next to your hip bones. I’d leave your dressing gown on, Sherlock, trapping the heat and the scent of your skin, and you’d know that I could smell you as I licked and bit the tops of your thighs. I would be breathing in the scent of your arousal, feeling the heat of it against my face. I’d drive every thought out of that magnificent brain of yours, if only for a second, and all you’d be able to think about is how badly you want to me to take your cock into my mouth.”
Sherlock ignored him. He picked up an ancient stick-style telephone, fitting the speaker part into the curve of his horn and letting it rest there while he spun the dial with his claw.
John patted the suit, then stuck his hands into every pocket in the jacket and trousers for good measure. The gun was gone.
Sherlock closed John’s robe over the mess on his stomach and tied the belt. Then he led John to the stair.
“Mmm,” Sherlock growled. “You stroke my thighs, smoothing the hair down and ruffling it back up. You push my knees apart — spread them wide so that you can put your hand between my thighs and cup my stones.”
“Here,” said John, taking the ties and fastening them in a firm slip knot. He sat next to Sherlock against the head of the bed and drew the covers over his lap.
John decided that he would pursue the very interesting topic of how Sherlock came to view blow jobs “on many occasions” some other time.
“But she fucked it up. And the faerie was stuck with granting her a wish that he really didn’t want to grant, but had to, because there are rules to these things, and he was magically bound to his promise.
“I believe so. I wanted to know what a modern medical man would make of the scene, and you confirmed my hypothesis.”
John found himself wondering if Sherlock’s eyes were a result of the curse or if they’d always been this strange.
“Mrs. Hudson would beg to differ. She offered to be confined to a pocket dimension of Faerie – the place you helped her escape – just to keep you from being too lonely. You’re also the kind of person who’d work to clear an innocent woman’s name decades after she was convicted. And you’re talented and courageous. Maybe I’m attracted to all of this…” He waved his hand at Sherlock’s body. “…because I also like all of that.”
John wondered if this hypothetical tail was also horselike or if it resembled the tail of some other animal.
“You have a lot of new clothes,” she said. “New jacket, new shoes — I don’t think I’ve seen those shirts before either.”
“Could I stay up with you then?” asked John (well, blurted John). “After we have sex? Rather than just going straight back to bed?”
“It just appears when I’m not looking.” She eyed the kitchen as if it were somehow being deliberately difficult.
Possibly dating John and solving crimes? John thought he could be useful with that — fill in some holes in Sherlock’s knowledge of the last few decades anyway.
“I’m… with my hands. I’m human for an hour each night, but you mustn’t see me. It would ruin everything.”
Sherlock frowned as if genuinely perplexed by this question. “I usually…” He shook his head. “I am accustomed to solitary pursuits. You’re currently unemployed; how do you fill the hours?”
“Humans can learn to bend Magic, so long as they can find a way to access the Source,” said Sherlock as if that were obvious. “Or they can simply be given a spell.”
Sherlock whined, stuttering through ragged breaths, and kissed the top of John’s head. His cock nudged at John, brushing the dressing gown just below his navel.
But the words had barely registered with John. It was the quality of that voice that had caught all his attention. He couldn’t quite put his finger on why, but the voice was almost… unnatural. This Sherlock person had spoken quietly, but his voice had filled the room as if it were tuned to a frequency that made the air vibrate with more sympathy than normal voices did — as if the words had issued from one of those wooden console record players that people of John’s grandparents’ generation had once kept in their parlors, the kind that resonate like the body of a piano. The sound sent a shiver up John’s spine much the same way that his first glimpse of the fog had.
Sherlock drew a long ragged breath. “Fffuuuck!” His voice hitched repeatedly so that it sounded almost as if he were sobbing the word. John continued to stroke himself, listening to Sherlock’s gasping slow down to almost normal.
“Perhaps?” Sherlock scowled at a spot on the floor about two feet to the right of John’s chair. “It wasn’t like her, but if cornered, people are liable to do any number of things.”
“He disappeared and she assumed she must have killed him?” said John. “Could happen to anyone, I suppose.”
“Well, it seems that kissing still feels good to you.” John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s — licking along his lower lip, requesting entrance, and once that was granted, kissing Sherlock senseless.
Harry was in her bedroom with the door closed when he came out. He heard her slip into the bathroom as he was making up the sofa. When he heard the door open again, he pretended to be asleep, but she never saw the performance. She went directly to her room.
“I suppose it must get boring here,” said John. “Same four walls — only one other person for company.”
This time, the blankets had been kicked entirely off the bed and his shirt was stuck to his chest with sweat.
Sherlock stopped walking and looked straight ahead. He seemed to see something other than the street and the fog. He closed his eyes and shook his head as if to clear it. His eyes, when they opened and met John’s, seemed more uncanny than ever.
Sherlock scowled. “It feels good,” he admitted. “When you touch it. When I do, it’s just...” He held up his claws. “...painful.”
“Gavin,” said Sherlock. “Right, whatever. Listen, I need to examine the rose paperweights from the Merryweather case… What do you mean you don’t remember it? It was Bradstreet’s case — the one with The Woman… Yes, Irene Adler… Yes, I know it’s been closed… Yes, I know it’s been 37 years. I’d think, if anything, that would make it easier to obtain the evidence. It’s not like anyone cares about it anymore… I
John turned off the telly. “Right. Time for bed.” He grabbed his toothbrush out of his bag and stalked off to the bathroom.
“It’s my house. Even the Fae recognize my right to refuse a tenant. But I only do it if they’re terribly unsuitable. Children or… Well, I don’t let them stay if they’re on drugs — with Sherlock… you know. And the one time I did allow it, the fellow was out within the hour. That’s how I found out that anyone he talks into helping him…
John wasn’t normally fazed by the dark. He’d rambled London for months now — often at night — his gun in his jacket pocket. It was there now, but what use was a gun against simply being alone in the fog after dark? He didn’t like it. He preferred solid problems with concrete answers — problems he could solve with a bullet or a fist or a gossamer length of surgical thread.
John had no idea if Sherlock was referring to the kissing or the brilliant things his fingers were doing to John’s cock.
It stayed up for a long time, but no message appeared, so John finally finished stripping off his running gear, and went into the bathroom for a shower. When he came back out, there were two messages from Harry.
“And a clever device it is too. I designed it myself. Naturally, it’s enchanted — I’m not using actual phone lines. The stem is made of tempered glass inside a vacuum-sealed steel tube — protection from the heat. The dial triggers one of three enchanted crystals. One contacts Graeme, the second contacts Mycroft. I’ve never used that one, but he insisted, and since he’s the one who procured the crystals, I had little choice.”
He and John were sitting in their chairs in front of the fire, tumblers of scotch and soda at their respective elbows.
He felt Sherlock’s breath against his lips an instant before Sherlock kissed him, all apprehension at the novelty of the act forgotten or maybe drowned by desire — John had no idea. He just gripped Sherlock’s biceps and held on, kissing him back with equal intensity until Sherlock left off kissing John’s mouth to kiss his neck and then his chest, moving down John’s body as he knelt between his legs.
“Hey. Got ring from old army mate in the Hebrides. Wants company. Service is spotty here. Don’t worry if you don’t hear from me.”
John folded his arms across his chest. “I scored 87 percent on the final, and how, exactly, did you manage to get access to my records?”
“Ow! Budge up a little.” John grabbed a throw pillow and shoved it under Sherlock’s head so that the offending horn now rested gently across John’s leg.
They lapsed again into silence and the sounds of their footsteps reminded John of what Sherlock had said about being punished.
So here they were — John, languid in that way one is when one has just woken up with no particular need to pee or desire to eat or place to be, pressed into Sherlock’s side, his face smashed against the skin over Sherlock’s ribs and his leg thrown over Sherlock’s thigh — and Sherlock, with his paw placed carefully on John’s shoulder so as not to prick him with his claws.
“Do tell?” said Sherlock. “How often do you suppose homosexual men of an appropriate age and complementary temperament to my own walk through that door? I’ll tell you — not even once in one and one-third centuries, John. And even if they did — I can’t and they wouldn’t want to.”
“Wait. If Moriarty really did die though, the rest of the Fae would just let you and Mrs. Hudson rot here?”
“Ugh! I gave up smoking! Not that I had a choice.” Sherlock turned in place, eyes darting around the flat. “I need nicotine.”
The whole effect was aesthetically pleasing. Why his enemy would want to turn him into an large, unusual, but rather lovely satyr was beyond John’s comprehension.
“But you didn’t like it? Even though it meant escaping this…” John gestured at the entire flat. “…for a time?”
John looked around. Except for the faintest silvery strip above the heavy curtain drawn over the window, not even a shadow could be seen.
“Alright.” Sherlock’s voice was farther away again and John assumed that he was indeed putting the violin back in its case.
He snatched the drawer completely out of the right-hand table, dumping the contents onto the bed. Tissues, lube… a largish pale green dildo.
“Is this just… fucking then?” Why was he angry? It wasn’t as if they were dating. But there it was, that familiar pull to let the hurt and confusion burn away in clean incandescent rage.
He met no one. The houses and shops appeared to be deserted. He never came to a cross-street nor an alley. John checked his watch. He’d been walking for a little over ten minutes.
John laughed. He was too full of humour and… joy not to. He lifted his head and looked at Sherlock with a big, fond grin on his face.
Sherlock smiled, “And so was I, but I didn't mind that you were chubby. It felt more...safe like that. Maybe because it was so different from the way Sherrinford looked.”
John explained: “Secondly you came by because you have news about Mary...or whatever her name was. And before you ask how I know: you have brought the briefcase that is standing on the floor in the kitchen. You normally only do that if you bring folders. You haven’t phoned Sherlock so it is not about a case, so the folder would be about something that could wait, so it is not extremely urgent. So it would be about something that concerns me....and Sherlock... and something that could be told when convenient. Like now when you wanted to stick your nose into our affairs......and what could that be anything but something new about that traitorous woman I married and who was pregnant indeed, but not with my child!”
And then Sherlock apparently changed subject as he asked John, “Do you know the book called 'Ender's Game'?”
Actually John felt a bit dizzy by now....it was just as if everything was spiralling out of control and he barely managed to tell some of Mycroft’s staff that he would have to leave in a short while and he didn’t know when he would be back and he of course would remember his phone.
“Obviously...since she is 'Mrs Adler'...or rather 'Frau Kate Adler' now. Well. At a point I suppose that Mycroft would like to adopt Hamish, so he can have an heir...and..”
John had shaken his head, “No...not 'nightmares'. I know how nightmares are. This was different and I don't know if my memories should have been deleted and they weren't deleted totally by mistake, but this is real memories, Sherlock, the real stuff. You were cold and stiff and dead.....and Mycroft's leg was......” John shuddered, “ Mycroft's leg did smell. So did the cellar-room. Of blood and.....”
*I’M IN A TERRIBLY STATE. NOT BECAUSE OF “MARY”, BUT BECAUSE OF MINA..... WE HAVE JUST BURIED HER....AND THANK YOU*
“To have to wait until the grown-up has decided that it is enough, is rather cruel.....even more cruel than a spanking. Because as soon as the punishment is delivered, you are forgiven. That is the point. Just like being a Catholic.”
She gave Sherlock a hug and said as she saw John's face, “Oh...you don't have to be jealous, John. I'm a married woman and Sherlock is not my type.” and then she winked and left.
The next evening the leader of the group had fetched Sherlock and Mycroft in the cellar and had begun to torture them. Bound them to chairs and slapped them, burned them with cigarettes and then forced them against the wall and beaten them with his belt. That was the second evening....and then they were thrown down into the cellar again.
John could see that Sherlock was on the road to a break down, as they finally could return to Baker Street. Rosie was still at Molly's. She missed her Daddy and Papa, but she had adapted to being with others from an early age. And the thought did pain John.....because it reminded him about how things had been, even before Mary died. That Rosie had been left in the care of others, as John and Sherlock tried to find Mary, and later as John didn't feel that he could take proper care of her. It made it easier to solve cases, and Rosie wasn't harmed, but John still didn't like that it was necessary. Today he was thankful, though, that Rosie wasn't in the house. And as they passed Mrs. Hudson's door, she had just peeked out and looked at John with unspoken questions in her eyes and he had just nodded, as Sherlock stumped up the stairs. Mrs. Hudson just gave John a nod and went to find her earphones. It was either that or leaving the house.
Mycroft had seen the change in Sherlock's behaviour and had seen the hungry look in the eyes of many of the men. Mycroft had never understood how Sherlock could do that: draw the attention of almost every man and woman in a room, but now he saw the effect.......Both he and Sherlock were just clad in their trousers. Their shoes and socks had been removed the first day. A way to humiliate people to let them walk barefoot and their jackets and shirt had been removed when they were being beaten with the electric wires and the belts. And the goons had of course noticed how well build Sherlock was. But not until he subtly changed his behaviour did they see him as a sexual object........and the result was that all 8 men in the group raped Sherlock and stopped torturing Mycroft.
Mycroft pointed at the photo, that apparently was the newest one, “This is taken less than two months ago. Rohan is the eldest, 14 and Eshan is the youngest,12 and...”
Sherlock shrug his shoulders: “Well, I suppose my shirt would be in same poor condition. Thank God it is the black one! I think he used some kind of whip....But you said that you wanted to hear about it later and not now!”
*I’M SORRY I COULDN'T BE THERE. I’VE HEARD ABOUT MARY. IT WAS A STUPID QUESTION TO ASK HOW YOU ARE. FORGIVE ME!*
The young man now introduced himself as 'Leuris' and he laughed a bit as he saw Mycroft's confusion, even if Mycroft was polite enough not to show it. But the young man did notice anyway.
“I suppose there is nothing more to say right now, besides that I’m terribly sorry for your loss. You do give a call...before...”
And then both men were a bit lost in their arousal. John did cast his eyes down and noticed that Sherlock's kilt wasn't totally closed in the front and Sherlock's erection was on it way out between the layers of the opening in front of the kilt. Even more so because the kilt had been a bit 'off-kilter' as Sherlock had knelt on the floor.
Sherlock just looked at him and John explained, “I better start from the beginning: In the evening you and I entered Magnussen office the day where I found you in the drug-den...”
“But it was all in my head. I see that now...it was a bit blurred and weird at some times. Things I couldn't remember. How I got from the hospital to Leinster Garden. The flat looked a bit different too. So....I was just in my mind. But it doesn't explain the kiss...”
birthday. But she never made it past the first month. I've looked in the journals. Violet Holmes and Siger Holmes had worked at another governmental facility, in Western England, in the 50ties and early 60ties. With radioactive materials. They didn't know so much about the long term effects of working with low-dose radioactivity and they both turned infertile. As did a lot of the young people working there. There are medical journals about that too. So when Siger and Violet wanted children, they were offered donor-children. Very hush-hush and secretly and they volunteered. Type A, Sherrinford, was made with a donor-egg and Siger's 'washed' sperm. Siger wasn't totally infertile, and Violet had been treated with hormones and carried the child herself. She was relatively young, 28, when Sherrinford was born. He was intelligent, but not a genius...and a psychopath. Except from the intelligence he could have been 'Peter' from 'Ender's Game'. So the scientists wanted to try again. 'Embryo type B”, based totally on the tissue of that mysterious 'M'. At least that is what the journal says. Violet Holmes carried that child too. Mycroft was born in 1971....and the little girl in 1974.”
Sherlock turned his head back again, John gave him a hug and Sherlock continued, “And then when the case was solved I would return to the flat. Before I met you, I would be on my own. When we lived together it would often be to a flat, where you would be too and after I had to ...leave, I would again return to an empty flat. And now several scenarios could play out. Depending on how much I've pushed my body, how long I've gone on sparse food and sleep.....”
“Oh my God....please do not hang up, sir. Stay on the line!” the young man almost stuttered.....and then John could hear the young man shout out in the room: “My God. It is him....I’ve got him on the phone right now. The man we’ve been looking for for more than 6 years!!!!!”
“You might have to. He thinks that he knows, that he can never be what you need. For God's sake John. Sherlock is asexual. The mere thought of sex makes him almost vomit...and no wonder!”
We are still back in time: between the events on the false Sherrinford island and the time where John finally confessed his feelings for Sherlock and moved back into Baker Street 221B. And at this point in time, where Sherlock is still living in Mycroft's house, Sherlock still believes, that John will never return. He is very prepared to give John a chance, if he would return though, but Sherlock is not going to make the first move.
John remembered the things he'd told her back when they'd thought Sherlock was dead and the things had had been a long list of Sherlock's flaws and failures. Sherlock's inability to feel the pain of others, and his total disregard for John's feelings. But none of it was true. John knew that now. Mary knew that too. Sherlock was so unsure of their friendship. More than John had ever been, even as Sherlock had left him, making John believe that Sherlock had killed himself. That was going to change.
John slipped out of his role and touched Sherlock carefully. He had noticed that Sherlock slurred a bit...and knew enough about “subspace” to realise that Sherlock probably was on his way into it.
“Well John.....I have been a young man and have made too hasty remarks. Caring is not always a disadvantage. Even a Holmes can be wrong, you know!”
And he came closer to the almost unconscious Sherlock, grappled Sherlock’s hair and moved the knife close to Sherlock’s throat....
Before they had turned their relationship up a notch, Sherlock would often crash, the machine of his mind being close to destruction, because he could not make his mind stop deducing, calculating, noticing everything. But now John would just look at Sherlock, and then he would fetch the beautiful, bespoke collar and put it around Sherlock’s neck. Sometimes forcing it on him, and sometimes with Sherlock just accepting it.
John took a deep breath and looked at Mycroft....now almost numb......and asked: “How bad is it? No....no....stupid question. It must be very bad since you are here and wanted to use a helicopter. They must be dying or close......”
*YOU GIT..YOU KNOW PERFECTLY WELL WHY I GOT THAT NICKNAME. I’VE NEVER HID THAT PART OF MY PAST. AND I’M GLAD THAT YOU ARE NOT A VIRGIN!*
Well, this is not so much a diary, as I suppose you'll have to write it such a book regularly. But never mind. We have been busy up here. Hiding. John Ericson and his henchmen are now officially ruling Great Britain and Europe, as far as my knowledge goes. But he still needs food and allows people to stay on their farms and work in the factories. I suppose it is a bit like in 'ye good ol' times' where the aristocracy lived in luxury and the commoner had to pay tribute to the Lords and Ladies. The free people of Great Britain have once more become serfs and 'copyholders' (as in tenants of their own land)...almost slaves. But  John is not stupid and know that he would have to refrain from killing people, if he wants food for his own people as well. He might have been a bit surprised that Great Britain’s population weren't as big, as he had anticipated. After all, more than one million people managed to disappear up in the Highlands and out into the moors. And we'll manage and survive....for years if necessary.
Mycroft lifted his chin to indicate that Greg could remove it and said, “Thank you for your gift. I suppose Leuris helped you?”
Sherlock began to giggle a bit and John, who was a bit hurt as Sherlock apparently didn't take him seriously, said, “What?!”
“It's just...I was so afraid that Sherlock would have so many bad memories resurfacing, that I didn't expect him to write something....and then I spoiled everything by inviting David Garrett....”, said Mycroft with an uncharacteristic softness and worry in his voice. Something that showed Greg more than anything, how tired Mycroft was.
Mycroft looked with disgust on the sandwich and put it back on the plate untouched. Then he laid down on the sofa to think everything all over again. He had had time to read the whole manuscript in the helicopter and had time to call Greg and tell him that the arrested woman had just been an actor.....and she had been released as soon as Greg had called the chief of the team of psychiatrists, behaviourists, psychologists, directors and other actors, that had made this huge effort to make a film, that could reach Eurus. In the dark, the police and Greg and even Sherlock and John (but of course they had still been drugged) hadn't noticed that the Musgrave Hall and the surroundings had been film-sets. Well, not the house. It had been real enough and had been chosen because it looked so much like Musgrave, and it had been altered, so it could fit to the ruined-Musgrave-story. The real Musgrave was just a real ruin by now. No house, left half burned down, would look a bit like a house after so many years. It was now just a pile of debris.
Sherlock frowned, “You mean.....those utterly crazy memories, they carried those secret governmental informations, that Mycroft and the others had put in my brain since my childhood?”
Then he paused and said, “When I tell you the next things, then please remember that my brother offered to die to protect you.”
Hamish was sitting, looking at the phone's empty and black screen as Rosie returned from her visit in the village. She just did cast one glance at him and just said, “Sherlock?”
And John actually began to cry and turned his back to Sherlock ready to run away....as he always did when it came to areas regarding feelings.
Sherlock turned a bit so he could face John. And he reached for John’s hands and John did put his hands in Sherlock’s....to show that he trusted him. Sherlock looked down at their hands and caressed John’s hands with his thumbs and said: “You must know, John......that my sexual taste isn’t exactly...”vanilla”.....I’m not normal!”
Well. Sherlock had drugged him at Baskerville, but had felt so guilty about it afterwards.....and no matter what Sherlock had done, it was nothing compared to what John had done to Sherlock. Nothing!
They agreed on some role-play. Something they hadn’t done often. But the ‘very naughty Scottish school-boy and his very stern Scottish teacher’ made so nice use of both the crop and the kilts.
Now the knife was moved to Sherlock’s front and the tip of it was resting between Sherlock’s cock and his testicles: “Don’t move an inch...it you want to keep either your cock or your testicles” said the voice again as Sherlock’s shoes and socks were removed.
John pushed a pillow under Sherlock’s hips and secured Sherlock’s slightly bent legs with leather straps, similar to those on the headboard. A precise movement of Sherlock’s feet would free him of those restraints as well. And the leather wasn’t that strong and would break if real force was put on it.
On the bed, John barely noticed when Sherlock restrained him. His whole body was pliant and limp, and at the same time humming with energy. An energy that turned into an intense feeling of pleasure, on the brink of unbearable when Sherlock spread John’s buttocks apart and began licking, sucking and kissing at his anus. So much so, after only a few seconds, John almost forgot his own name. Especially when Sherlock fucked him with his tongue and as he came, he almost lost consciousness, just like Sherlock had done.
John took a deep breath and continued: “The things I want to do to you! To mark your white skin with a riding-crop...a cane.....a flogger. To have you beg.....to control you. To tie you to the bed in various positions...to use spreader-bars.....and nipple-clamps. To have you writhe under my hands....to see you flushed and becoming pliant and desperate because of what I do to you.....and at the same time knowing that it is what you want....what you crave....what you need.....and what you would enjoy immensely. Well that is a wet dream come true! But...and here is the elephant! What if I can’t stop in time? What if I harm you? If you are in some restraints, you wouldn’t be able to defend yourself.....And I would be another abuser....repeating what those tugs did to you in Serbia....what Victor did to you! And I love you too much to allow myself to harm you!”
John kissed him on the top of his curly head and murmured, “And then you have solved so much more than you have missed. So much more...you are amazing and no one could have done it better, Sherlock. No one.....I can hear a tone of self-loathing here in your explanation. But as you said to me..'let it go', because there is no one on this planet, who could have done it better. You have prevented so much damage, murders, crimes that....that they, God-dammit, should make you a bloody statue on Trafalgar!”
In short: more talk and more sex. Sherlock learns something new...about the Victorians and their sex-life.
Sherlock frowned at him, “Hmm...you might have put your feet on the first metres on that path. But no...you are not 'alcoholic'. You use it as a bit unhealthy coping-mechanism, but you are not an alcoholic, even if your fear it...”
Sherlock opened his eyes. He was no where near subspace.....not at all. He had pushed his mind far far too much during that case and John regretted deeply, that he hadn't forced Sherlock to take a break before.
“Yeah...I know. Just the words 'Moriarty' had been instructed to use as well.”, said John, “And as soon as she had me there, fitting into her mould, she lost interest in me. She had gotten what she thought she wanted, but at first given opportunity she bolted. Ajaj was just an excuse.”
They thought for almost a year that they had overreacted...and then they didn't think that any-more. As things rapidly grew worse...so much worse.
John and Sherlock were careful about which cases they would take in. And even if there were adrenaline-causing chases after dubious persons and encounters with dangerous criminals, it was almost nothing compared to what they had experienced previously, before Sherlock had to jump because of Moriarty...or rather because of Magnussen. It didn't mean though that Sherlock didn't have to use his amazing mind to its full capacity to solve cases. And that meant too, that Sherlock would push both mind and body a bit too far sometimes. And then he would find it difficult to return to normal again, just as he had told John, when he had confessed that he sometimes needed pain to 'get back into his body' and still his roaring mind.
Oh yes. Greg had never bought the animosity between Sherlock and Mycroft for real. He had known both of them for too long.
Then John stopped for a few seconds and turned Sherlock around, by turning Sherlock's body and lifting his leg. John's cock was still deeply buried inside Sherlock and the extra sensation of John's cock turning inside Sherlock, made Sherlock moan again. Sherlock was all soft and pliant now and had his eyes closed. His untouched cock was almost purple and there was a steady dripping of pre-come oozing from the slit. And Sherlock had still his arms obediently lifted over his head and was holding on to the pillow.
And he went to call Mycroft and to tell him that he was invited if he could be there in an hour and a half.
John stopped for a moment, “The rules? Well, this is a limbo, an in-between. You stay here as long as you need, if you have some unfinished business...”
John smiled, “It is funny. You are not jealous of all the women I've been with, but you are worried about the men?”
And then John remembered and realised something and continued,” Or do you want it from your brother?” John was remembering almost a year ago, how Mycroft had reacted as Sherlock, high as a kite, had manhandled Mycroft against the kitchen wall, almost breaking his arm. Mycroft had been in distress and in pain, but he had licked his lips and had shown signs of arousal too.
Sherlock shook his head, “I'm not quite sure. But they like and admire each other. It was her who gave Mycroft his powerful position. She is older than him and had already a solid career, when he was still in his real 'minor position'. Somehow I think that they would have thought about getting married, if it wouldn't have meant that one of them should give up their position in the government. And they do not want to do that. Having sex together? They are almost on the same power-level, and even if Lady Elisabeth would admit that Mycroft's mistake was understandable, she would still ask him to 'pay' and they can't harm each other with their knowledge. They just have to be discrete. So...if Greg can't, there are both you and me and her to deliver the blows.”
Then he turned towards Sherlock, “I want the Prince Albert this afternoon. And close to the same way. Restrain me, 'edge' me and then pierce me.”
The third evening, and it was always happening in the evening, the leader had found a perverted glee in breaking Mycroft's toes and the next evening almost all the bones in Mycroft's right foot, by stomping on it repeatedly. Mycroft had screamed, but had not given his identity away. It would just make things worse. He had been sitting there, moaning, bound to the chair, almost naked. Just wearing his trousers and he had been covered with a thin layer of sweat and with his head hanging. Sherlock could see that he wasn't in such a bad state as his body language would indicate, but it was bad enough.
Then she took some restraints, made of soft padded leather and looked at Mycroft, “These are soft and you can get out of their fastening immediately if you yank hard on them. I would prefer if you wear them. It makes it easier for you to obey me. They serve as a reminder. I'll take them of if you still find them triggering after your have tried to have them fastened.”
And then he began to loosen Mycroft's hole. He had used a rather big nozzle for the enema, so Mycroft had been loosened a bit and now Greg finished the job with his tongue. He was still amazed that he could take Mycroft so much apart just by doing this to him.
She turned around and pointed at the cupboards, “It depends.... if you are curious enough about the contents of these cupboards. There are immense pleasure inside those...for a masochist..”
As Mycroft spoke John had gone more and more worried...and had run through a mental list of people he knew were in a position of a car and where it would be serious enough for Mycroft to turn up at that platform. Thank God he and Mary didn’t have a car...
And Sherlock did leap out of bed and went to his wardrobe, lifted the secret bottom and revealed a low box, that had fitted perfectly into the bottom of the wardrobe.
That was what made Greg stop dead on his track as he came running down the stairs 5 hours later: the two Holmes-brothers, one sitting up against the wall and one lying on the mattress. There was so much blood and both brothers were deadly pale....and it took Greg a few seconds to realise that Mycroft was breathing...but Sherlock wasn't.
Mycroft paused and continued, “....and like that I gave him no other choice than to use drugs to numb his mind, when reality caught up on him and he couldn't push things away and bury them any more. I thought us to be similar and I was wrong.”
“No...not shaved....wax!”, panted Sherlock and that made John stop for a few seconds and now he used his fingers to fondle Sherlock's balls, and caressed the area behind them, close to Sherlock's hole, but not touching yet. Doing the fondling with his fingers, so he had his mouth free to talking, “Are you saying that you go to a clinic and lie down there, arse in the air and let others see your private parts, when you get waxed?”
John had risen and kissed Sherlock, “I trust you with my life. And if you’ve deduced that I might need something like that..” John pointed at the collar and the harness, “Well, I’m willing to give it a try!”
John looked at the visiting card and thought of what the major might have intended to do further. He never got the chance though. The helicopter in which he had been, had been shot down as they were close to their “safe” destination. John had heard about it just before he left for his last patrol in Afghanistan and he had first realized that Harry actually had had his belongings from Afghanistan when he married Mary and moved to a bigger flat than the one in Baker Street and Harry had mentioned something about “his old rubbish easily could find a place there instead of taking up space in her flat”.
In Mycroft's case the tailor had made a double bluff: making the suits in a way so Mycroft appeared to be a middle-aged man, weak and a bit to round-around-the-middle, with almost no muscle-tone and the suit had given the impression that his tailor had managed, but not totally succeeded in making the man look better, dressed in that suit. In reality Mycroft could almost, but not totally, match Sherlock in strength. Mycroft was a bit soft around the middle, though, but he was closer to fifty than forty after all. The suits, he wore, made him look so much more un-fit and gave, at the same time, an expression of a man who made his best effort to look good. Behind that suit Mycroft was in fact incredible fit. With a lot of muscles, long and lean like Sherlock. Nice buttocks, that showed that he had strong muscles there too and nicely shaped nipples. All in all he was a very handsome man.
Sherlock paused and the he pressed the piston and saw the liquid disappear into his vein. He felt the poison, a taste of metal and garlic in his mouth...and then...nothing. He new he would have time to lie down and he removed the tourniquet and placed the syringe on the floor next to his goodbye-letter. Placed himself close to John and covered John's cold hands with his left hand.....And then his vision started to blur.
Sherlock laughed, “Listen to our pillow-talk again. Well it would be a shame to waist my open and oh so ready hole and my erection...and you still have one. So...would you mind, John Watson, to put your cock into me...preferably right now and very fast and hard!” The last part was said in that deep voice of Sherlock's that someday might make John ejaculate immediately.
Sherlock was waiting a bit impatiently while John was finding the things, he would need and while John was putting on the 'things' Sherlock had asked him to wear. And Sherlock had smirked a bit as he gave John the bag and John had laughed, as he saw the contents.
She smiled: “No it is not that bad....or at least not from your side. It is something I have to tell you. Even if I’ve found it difficult to tell you before...”
That left time enough to do what Sherlock needed and had begged for; a thorough treatment with the implement that Sherlock liked the best - the riding crop. And something else too.
birthday, as she died quietly in her sleep, after she had come home from the hospital after she had fallen in her kitchen, because of the tumour in her hip. It wasn't cancer, but the operation did strain her old body.
Greg frowned and then he looked at the contents before he looked at Mycroft, “I have to admit that I have from time to time had a suspicion that both you and Sherlock were magicians.”
Much later, after Sherlock had played with Rosie, she had had her bath and was being feed and placed in her bed, John and Sherlock had had an early supper and they were in the bed again. John sitting against the headboard and Sherlock lying in his arms. They were not in the bed, because they wanted to have sex. It was not the right time for that yet. There were still 'too many skeletons in the cupboard', that needed to be dealt with, before they would try that. Kissing and snuggling was good and allowed though. They had tried sitting on the sofa in the living room, but had found it too uncomfortable and now Sherlock was leaning up against John and they were holding hands as Sherlock prepared to begin his story:
Sherlock looked up, “It is OK with no more cases? You will not miss running around, chasing criminals? You don't think.......”
Sherlock was sitting in his living room in the cottage in Sussex. He looked at the old box with the old fashioned syringe in. And at the clear liquid in the syringe.
“Where you returned and pretended that nothing had happened.” John shook his head and continued, “Why the fuck didn't you say anything? And your feet must have been killing you...and I, blind as always, didn't notice a damned thing!”
And yet....despite Sherlock’s words....his disguise as “Shezza”....”the addict” had been convincing. But only because it maybe wasn’t a total disguise. “Shezza” had been “using” as Molly’s tests had shown. John still felt very guilty about this......that Sherlock had been so miserable that he had been tempted. Well... he had claimed for a long time that “it was for a case” and the fact that Jeannie had been at Baker Street and apparently had not missed Sherlock for long maybe supported that.....but the tests had shown otherwise! And at least Sherlock had been right about something...That his “inbreed quality”-looks would still shine through......Even sweaty and crumbled and disguised in saggy clothes....he had still been good looking! “Handsome” even!
Sherlock nodded and said, “I had tried to kill myself in front of your eyes, again. I came almost too late to save your in the well and I...panicked and didn't manage to say anything more clever than 'please try not to drown' while I desperately tried to figure out where Eurus was, so she could tell me where you were..in time. I...I couldn't just search for you randomly, but I didn't manage to tell you that. Just my stupid, “try not to drown”. I thought that was the reason why you fled and never wanted to see me any-more...”
Now Sherlock’s eyes were sparkling, “And you being a military man....what would you wear under the kilt?”
He stopped and looked at her, “That is why Sherlock and I always had talked about how much and with what, when we needed the pain. Maybe it was not wise to wait until we were almost desperate, before we called each other. Maybe you and I should....”
Lady Smallwood smiled. Mycroft Holmes was already on his way to submission, she could hear that. She rose and Mycroft, as the gentleman he was and as he had been brought up to be, rose too.
“Inhale through your nose, exhale and speak through your mouth.....easy enough with a bit of training. So...when he had planted the idea about a huge explosion in our heads, the 'grenade' went off. Releasing a searing white light and a sedative gas.....”
“I can't. I cannot face those two Holmes-brothers. I have let them down. Both of them. So terribly...and most of all Sherlock. Mycroft made me promise to look after Sherlock after he.....something happened on the plane with destination Zagreb. And I didn't....”
There on the bed were two perfect attires for Scottish gentlemen: two kilts. One in the Holmes tartan and one in the Watson tartan, cream coloured hoses, two prince Charlie jackets in very rich velvet in a dark blue, matching the colours of the kilts, matching vests, two matching sporrans, kilt-pins, flashes, wing-collar shirts and bowties...everything. Even 2 kilt-pins and 2 ‘sgian dubs’ and on the floor two pair of Chillie Brogue shoes.
“Sherrinford lost interest in me rather fast. I think it was after the first week. And after 4 incidents. Two times where he used my mouth and two where he used my anus. I'm not sure about my memories here. But he continued with Eurus. I couldn't help her. I was too traumatized myself. I had trusted Sherrinford and he betrayed my trust like that.....and the rest of the people surrounding Eurus and me, didn't notice......until it was too late and Sherrinford had destroyed her and me. She had been....withdrawn...before. But during that summer, those 6 weeks, she became uncommunicative. She just began to draw disturbing pictures of burning houses and violence. It was not 'Musgrave', but 'Houghton House' that she did draw as a burning house. The two houses were very similar. And the boy, that she 'tortured' in those pictures, was not me, but Sherrinford. She just drew him smaller, more 'manageable' for her.....”
“No John. Even if I did re-write some memories, I do still recall that I met Victor Trevor at Oxbridge and we at first learned to know eachother and became friends after his dog bit me. The 'boy' in the well was not real. I'm going to elaborate that later on. Just believe me, when I say that a lot of what happened on that island, didn't happen at all. Remember, John, both you and I have been drugged repeatedly and over a long time.”
And then she kissed her finger and touched his cheek. It was to dangerous to kiss him directly, even if she wanted it so badly.
And then Sherlock of course wanted to be shown the sleeve. The one that could be used as a butt-plug as well. Mycroft asked to be caned as well, but only a few blows. Just enough to make him 'float' a bit, but not enter sub-space. Then Sherlock had to prepare Mycroft thoroughly, before the sleeve could fit. First one of his long and dexterous fingers, then two...then three. Mycroft moaned shamelessly. The sleeve was put in and then Mycroft rode Sherlock. Sherlock enjoyed the small knobs inside the sleeve and he enjoyed even more to see how Mycroft lost himself in the sensations: first Sherlock's cock up his arse, and that feeling more intense because of the sleeve...and the tug of the nipple-clamps with the chain in between. Every bounce up and down made Mycroft's nipples hurt a bit. It was exquisite! And just as Sherlock, Mycroft came as Sherlock tugged harshly at the clamps. To see Mycroft so lost in sensations and coming in thick spurts gave Sherlock his third orgasm. Not so big...there was not so much left in him.
It began with an investigation of my own genome. I found unusual traits and decided to investigate my father's and my uncles genome too. I took blood-samples without asking. It wasn't difficult as Sherlock still performed experiments and had discipline enough to label his test-tubes. I found even more unusual genome traits in both Sherlock's and Mycroft's genome and I had the luck to get my hands on some of Eurus' too. The genomes had mostly altered versions regarding the immune system, healing abilities, muscle strength and intelligence. Not that unusual that they couldn't be found in other humans, but not all of them congregated in one...or rather three persons. Most prominent in my biological father. But scientist didn't know how to pamper with genes then, in the 70's, did they?
Mycroft had assured John that there had been nothing suspicious about this accident.  Just bad luck...
Mycroft nodded, “And I would gladly have given my other leg if that could have saved Sherlock. You must know, John, that his last thoughts were about you and Rosie and Hamish.....and”, said Mycroft and swallowed as tears welled up in his eyes again, “....and that I would have accepted death, if that could have saved him...”
Sherlock smiled and touched John's cheek, “It is going to be a long tedious tale. Of abuse and betrayal. Of someone trying to do his best, but failing miserably. Of two parents who were as blind as they could be and failed their children. Of a sister, who got so lost. Of two brothers trying to save her and each other and others. But you are right. Maybe we should leave Baker Street and go to your place. Prepare to fetch Rosie and order some food. Is it going to be a long story. But you needed to see Baker Street and the rug. Just look around now and remember how it did look after the 'explosion'. Because it didn't make sense either.”
Sitting in his well-worn armchair in front of the fire in the living room at 221B, John looked at the amber liquid in his glass, as he turned it and held it up against the fire. Then he took another sip and enjoyed the flavour that almost exploded in his mouth. Oh yes. Sometimes it was nice that Mycroft felt he owed Sherlock everything and had gifted John and Sherlock with a very nice and very expensive cognac....amongst other things.
Greg nodded and pointed at the stack of reports, “I can read a lot about how you got Sherlock out of Serbia. And I understand that you risked your own life doing so....I just can't understand: Did you actually see Sherlock being beaten?”
And Sherlock’s eyes which had been a bit “clouded” as John began to speak was clear and present again: “Yes....I get it John. “Sir” or “captain”....if we stay in the role-play that you initiated with your “Private  Holmes”...not that I mind that at all! And the three usual colours as safe-words! Until I’ve thought of a better one.”
And John wouldn't have imagined before, how much he would enjoy being the receiving part. It had, at the two occasions where there had been penetrative sex, been John, who fucked the other man. Otherwise it had been mutual wank or just grinding again each other and that was that. But Sherlock knew exactly how to use his mouth, his long and elegant fingers and his cock. Where to put them/it and how to do it to wring as much pleasure out of John's body as possible. Sherlock was so good at reading John's signals, that he was even better at that than John himself.
“That was why you freaked out as Mrs. Hudson had moved your skull. Oh Sherlock...what a brilliant method to keep track. But what has that to do with Mycroft at the Diogenes'?”
Sherlock got up on his feet, “I have no friends......and apparently no family I can trust. Just you all leave me alone!”
“Yeah. Except from the last time. Prompted by Mary's drugs and her suggestions. And your rejection of me. I just wanted my death to count, bringing down a serial killer at the same time. But then I discovered something. I found out that given a choice, I would prefer to live....even without you and Rosie. Because I had other friends as well. I'm still not afraid of dying, but as Culverton nearly killed me, I found out that I would like to survive...That my abilities and troubled mind was a gift and not a curse.”
Back in Mycroft’s guest room John sighed...he would have to make that phone call to Sherlock soon, but not before he had found a way out for him.
“For your mind, which is capable of doing something I can't. Eurus can do it too: connecting the invisible dots. See patterns where no one else can. You could do my job, if you wanted, Sherlock. I'll never be able to do yours. And.....not alone did you have an amazing mind, you were so skilled as a violinist, that you could have chosen a careerer in that area too, and you have a look that make men and woman turn their heads...”
John took another deep breath and drank the last of his cognac, “I think it is time to face the elephants...and there is more than one!....in the room. I love you Sherlock and if I don't keep a distance, I might....I might not be able to stop myself from kissing you!”
And then, last night, Sherlock had been pale and had moaned of pain as he crawled down the stairs and he had told Mycroft that they had used tools this time as they raped him. That they must have ripped a hole inside of him....and during the night he had gone weaker and weaker.
“Yeah...but we never reacted upon that. Mutual interest....indeed....but him being my senior officer...it would have been very inappropriate. And captain Hanson......well I think it was more an adrenaline-fuelled “Thank-God-we-are-still-alive” mutual wank and kissing. But you, Sherlock...you fascinated me from the very first moment when I saw you......and we got friends....and I would give my life to protect you. I was ready to die together with you in the pool....and at the same time you drove me insane! And you told me that night at Angeloe’s that you were married to your work......so I just assumed that you didn’t do that sort of relationships!”
Pinning Sherlock's arms over Sherlock's head with one hand...and it was only possible because Sherlock allowed that, John was very aware of that fact....John pushed one of the pillows under Sherlock's hips and began to lick his way down Sherlock back towards his crack. As John had to let go of Sherlock's hands, he ordered Sherlock to hold on to the remaining pillow and not move, and then John used both his hands to spread Sherlock's arse-cheeks and Sherlock yelped and asked, “Oh my God, John...what are you doing?”
They talked a bit more about Sherlock and John and then Hamish hesitated a bit, considering how much he should tell the young doctor and his two friends, “There are rumours, about....”
John woke up with a jolt. Where did those very inappropriate thoughts about a naked Sherlock come from? And then he realized that the half-erection he had got dreaming of Mary’s naked body had turned into a very hard and almost painful erection that his trousers barely could contain.....and he had never seen Sherlock totally naked! In a sheet without pants and then almost “no sheet” at Buckingham Palace! Spotting a very delicate outline of a surprisingly muscular and plump arse! And as John had tended to different wounds on Sherlock’s body over the years. Last time as he often came around to keep Sherlock company when he recovered after Mary had shot him. He didn’t even know what Sherlock’s cock looked like! And with that thought John finally....and much too late....... admitted that he loved Sherlock, was interested in more than a platonic friendship with him and that he indeed at least “was gay for Sherlock”.
Mycroft paused and rose and fetched an envelope, but didn't give it to Greg yet, as he continued, “Sometimes....if the children are not that old, when they are found on the streets or brought to the foster-homes, they get adopted. Just the boys...very seldom the girls, because unfortunately the Indian culture favourites boys. And one thing more: they favourite fair skin. That makes it even less understandable why Eshan and Rohan never got adopted.”
