Twyla runs up to Sam while all of this is happening and points to the open book in her hand. The Schitt family history. Dean watches Sam read what she points to and grabs the book from her. Twyla retreats again and Sam makes his way to Rowena. The entity, clearly forming to be a woman — Leabharcham, or whatever this warped new world version existing in the wilds of upstate New York is—blasts Rowena back. Sam makes his way to her, helping her up again and showing her the book. Dean pulls the other witches back, leaving Gwen still tied to the table, still in danger with what’s happening before their eyes. Cas sees this and runs towards her —towards the danger. Dean can’t believe it! Cas frees her though and safely pulls her back with the others.
“And who do we have here, boys?”
Cas comes in with their gear, interrupting his thoughts. Dean looks him up and down. He’s carrying Dean’s duffel and sets it down on the credenza opposite the bed, right next to the TV. His coat is wrinkled from sitting in the car for so many hours, and his hair is spiked in various directions. Dean has a momentary compulsion to tame it, but refrains. He just smiles at himself and goes to rifle through his duffel for his bathroom bag. Might as well wash up a bit before heading out to Bob’s Garage.
“Cas, move, I need my pillow,” he mumbles.
Cas continues to stare at Dean. He briefly looks down, dropping the last apple slices into the bowl of sugar and spices. Dean wants him to stop, to look at him, to say something. He knows he deserves this silence though, for all that he put Cas through over the years. He can’t possibly begin to make up for it all. Cas lost family, too.
“Dean, I know I’m a burden to you and Sam. But you —you and Sam —are all I’ve got.” He huffs a little, looking away, deflating. “I think I prove myself useful at times. You just seem to increasingly think I’m more and more useless the less I’m attached to heaven. In Reno- the wraith, that was  -just- just a hunt, and an easy one, at that. You’ve been acting like I did something horribly wrong ever since then.” He looks back at Dean, and swallows. “You’ve been acting this way for a long time. I’m trying my best, Dean. This hunt, I thought, I was doing my best to be ‘normal’.” Dean can’t help but grin a little on the inside when Cas put air quotes around that word.
Dean’s phone buzzes as they walk. It’s a text from Cas.
He starts walking. He barely makes a sound —as if an unshaped instinct is telling him that silence is best.
They found their peace.
“I don’t think they do, “ Sam says. He points to a smaller bowl with ground ingredients inside. “Probably poison.”
“Okay, wonderful to chat, Dean. See you tomorrow night!”
Dean pulls back, gasping, squirming. Licking his spit slick lips, he implores, “What the hell, man!”
Cas’s confidence in Jack buoys Dean’s spirits a bit. Their world was dying, but looking for this other one, this world that hadn’t been destroyed, kept them going for so long. So much of their life before was just trying to get by, survive, find sustenance and safety. Their world was rotting and they had no hope. They only had each other. They only had their family.
Cas looks down and resumes peeling an apple. He says nothing. Dean realizes that Cas returned home to fight. Whatever conclusions Dean reached in the past couple of days, Cas did as well. Whatever that’s between them, though, is far from resolved.
“Sam, I am interested in your case,” Cas said. “Maybe I can take a look and help. I can be helpful at times, if you let me.”
Dean grunts. It is an interesting piece of history.
“Cas, you scared me there last night. I didn’t know what was going on. You sure you’re okay?”
Before the move, Sam showed Cas how to use his phone again— he remembered the texting and emoticons, but blanked on everything else the little bit of electronics could manage. Sam set up a music account, and with a smile told him that Dean loves music from the ‘70s. Castiel remembers that.
Cas doesn’t pull away, but whispers close to Dean, “I like our song, Dean. I think of you when I listen to it.” He kisses him again, a warm press of lips.
The witch at the front of the altar, the one with the book, sets it down and bellows for a rest.
“Uh, it’s in upstate New York, close to the Canadian border. So, you know, lots of tourists, although all the people who died that fit the pattern had been traveling alone. The newspapers had quite the morbid sense of humor, writing a column on occasion. I would love to see how things progressed after the 1950s, but there aren’t any articles online. I only had death records to go by, without the local anecdotal notes.”
“So, uh, we’re back.”
“Ray.”
, he did not mean to fall asleep on Cas —he’s surprised  that this is his first thought, and quietly thinks that it actually feels
“Hmm, interesting. Bob, dear, I’m off to the library. Don’t wait up. Dinner is in the freezer.” And with that, Gwen is gone.
Dean looks out at the ocean again, the sun getting lower, the stars blinking into their nightly existence. He feels a breeze cooling his bare legs and reaches with his free hand to dust stray bits of sand away.
“I’m not even wearing my trench coat now, so that is a negligible nickname anyway.”
Sam nods at her appearance and adds, “We really appreciate you showing us the book, Twyla.”
“We do have a case to solve and I appreciate your honesty. Truce.”
He gets through the crowd and to Cas just as the next person starts their set on stage. Cas isn’t holding either drink anymore and is standing, slightly swaying, head relaxed and looking down. He notices that Johnny and Moira Rose are mingling elsewhere by now and sighs in relief. He takes a look at them from afar. From this angle and distance he can’t help but laugh a bit that Moira’s wig looks eerily familiar. Dean crowds up closer to him to whisper under the performance.
“Hm, I was thinking about that. I am an angel, and spells affect me differently. They often are more rapid-acting and manifest differently as well. I had two glasses of wine —one meant for you and one meant for me. We’ll never know but what if this would have worked much slower on you —allowing you to go back to your hotel room —or be on the road out of Schitt’s Creek —killing you hours after the fact?”
“Hello…Dean.”
Right. Husband.
“Not in my world, but, uh, yeah, you look…nice, Cas. The color really brings out the blue in your eyes.”
“Of course, Dean.”
He turns, their faces so close that Cas is mostly shadow and sharp angles, and Dean wants to kiss him and melt into him until the stars explode around them and a black hole consumes the world.
Dean, more than once over the years made it sound like, on a sliding scale of pleasure, bubble baths were one step below blowjobs and booze. He has nothing to say about the former, but his experience with alcohol was quite pleasant at times.
Without really thinking ahead, he jumps into hunter mode and approaches the new man. “I’m sorry, did you say there was a man found dead in town?”
"You said you heard me in Purgatory. I have this anger, and it's always been there. I keep blaming others for it, but it's inside me. Chuck's actions might have caused it, but I...I see that it's my choice to let it go."
Dean then sits back and looks around at their surroundings. He sees a large tree behind them. They need to get to higher ground. They’re vulnerable out in the open grass. Dean has no clue what this new world’s dangers are, and finding a new home and space to get their bearings is his top priority for them.
“I don’t think he’s here, Dean.”
David’s attention is back on Dean and Cas. “Is there anything in particular I can help you find?”
Too little, too late. He needs to let Cas go. There are bigger things to worry about after all.  Without thinking, he kisses Cas. It's modest, but his mouth is open enough for his tongue to lightly graze Cas's lower lip, tasting him. Cas kisses him back, tentatively. It startles Dean and he pulls back, instinctively wiping at his mouth.
Cas takes Dean’s hand then, holding it so his thumb rubs gently back and forth on Dean’s knuckles. Dean feels that now familiar spark when they touch. He watches Cas’s thumb and marvels at how it can still feel like new every time.
Cas looks inquisitive but Dean can see the mischievous fire lit under those words. What is he doing? Fixing the transmission is no small undertaking. Cas is purposefully messing with him.
Dean is surprisingly cold around Alexis. He doubts it has nothing to do with what he got up to with Cas that morning or his newly revealed-feelings for the angel.
“Wait, wait, that...that never goes well. What about, y’know, not dying? What about not having a soul? What about…” Dean can’t get the words out fast enough and starts to spiral.
They set to their tasks in silence —the air definitely not clear. Dean isn’t sure how he should approach what he needs to say.
Dean makes a promise to Cas then. When he wakes, Dean will make it clear that he’s not a burden. He might do dumbass things all the time, but, hell, they all do. Cas is Dean’s best friend. Dean keeps telling himself that to Cas, and anyone who’s listening, but Cas means more to him than anyone other than Sam. And his feelings for Cas are different than for a brother. They’re somehow more at times.
“Yeah, well, it doesn’t matter.”
“I was always fond of
Finally, Dean sees a glimmer of interest in Cas’s eyes.
He sighs when he sees Cas’s eager exuberance at this new adventure. They made it. They have the rest of their lives to be happy and safe.
“Go. Seriously, be happy. We get to have that now.” He smiles at Sam, reassuring him.
He didn’t feel disappointed with that thought, he reminds himself. He then has another thought about the bed.
“Yes. Dean, what exactly are we getting ourselves into?”
While Sam clearly has the research of the town in-hand, Dean starts thinking about warming up to the townspeople. If there is a secret, the town won’t welcome strangers. In fact, they’ll be targets if the deaths have started again. Dean chuckles mentally when he thinks about the fact that the town doesn’t know they have an angel in their pocket, and then sours when he thinks about the fact that his angel isn’t as all-powerful as he once was, or at least as all-powerful as Dean thought he was.
“Dean,” Cas growls.
Cas blinks, turning just his head at Dean’s words. His eyes, blue as ever, confirms Dean’s own worry. A lot of shit went down in the last couple of days --and they’re not even close to being done with this fight. Losing Gabriel was a huge loss. Dean didn’t think Cas was particularly close to his “brother” or whatever, and Sam, God, Sam’s alright. Sam’s alright.
“Maybe later. Right now I think it might be time we make our exit.”
Dean knows exactly how that happened. But what insidious things has this family been up to since moving here? Didn’t Sam say something about the pattern of death changing when the family moved to town? Or was it when they bought the town?
“Yeah, well, I have doubts. I wasn’t thinking straight. The event last night was popular, and despite what happened with you, it doesn’t change that fact. Let’s roll out of here and you can fill me in on your evening. “
“Hey, if you understood what Johnny and Moira were getting at about us, why did you go along with it? I thought we’d agreed to go with the brother road trip cover?”
The kissing is a blur of lips and caresses and hands and breath. Dean loses himself in it. He knows what Cas is doing. He knows this temporary distraction is not only a touchstone in their world turned upside-down, but an affirmation of all that they have together.
me there’s a new case, I will burn those papers. I’ll be in the kitchen if you need me for anything else.” Without acknowledging Cas, Dean heads for the kitchen.
Dean groans quietly and slowly blinks his eyes open. It’s dark in his room, bars of light leaking through the grates on the wall. It’s still very early and he was reveling in just slowly waking, feeling the warmth of Cas beside him, enjoying the thrill that he’s still there even with the knowledge that Sam and Jack are also somewhere in the bunker. He isn’t ready to let this thing between them out there yet. Will he ever be ready? Maybe. Something always keeps the right moment to tell Sam just out of grasp anyway. Cas doesn’t seem to mind. He has the patience of, well, an angel. Dean knows that anyone with eyes can see they love each other, but he can’t brush off a lifetime of doubts that telling Sam will change things. So he lies there quietly, secretly with Cas in his room, in the brief, shadowed moments of the night.
Dean’s mind races from point to point but he stops himself to wonder why he’s actively trying to think of ways to convince a town that he’s married to Cas —a town that just seems to accept that they are — a town that could care less if they are or aren’t. It’s not part of the case, and yet Dean keeps thinking about their cover, and not how they’re going to track down the witch.
“Crowley?” he implores. “This is when it started?”
Cas watches Dean. He sees the slight hitch in his breath. His gaze lingers, and his eyes dart to Cas’s lips.
It’s late afternoon when they make it outside, the sun setting low in the glowing orange sky. Gwen doesn’t remember a thing about what she did under the coven’s spell —which is for the best. She is baffled why she’s at the barn and Twyla steps in to explain that it was just a family reunion that Gwen agreed to go to with Twyla. She smiles and winks conspiratorially at Sam and Dean while she guides Gwen down the path to the cars.
“Okay, let me do the talking here, Cas. I know what I need and I think I have an idea about asking questions,” Dean says as they reach the door.
“Jack, do you know where Eileen is?” Sam is quiet, almost mournful with his question.
“I won’t.” Sam teases, and Dean finally looks up at him. “And we won’t stop until we find a way to get him back.”
Dean turns back to Cas and watches him easily flip the mattress and reposition it on the frame. Together they start making the bed.
“Cas, listen…”
Cas’s scowl slowly turns into a grim as they walk back to the motel.
, Dean thinks.
A smaller man who appears to be of Indian descent rushes in just as Cas responds, “That would be very nice.” He doesn’t seem to see Dean or Cas off to the side and runs right up to Bob’s desk.
Dean can’t help but regret the loss of Cas’s car. It was his first mode of transportation after the loss of his wings. Watching him smile at this similar vehicle makes Dean realize how much Cas must have come to love that ridiculous behemoth of a car.
“Yeah, ya--yes. I mean, when are we gonna have a better time? There’s nothing heavy hanging over our heads. Nothing but car rides and beach vacations in our future.”
They reach Twyla’s pace in a relative short time. She’s surprisingly open and willing to share almost anything with the brothers. They learn way more about her family history than necessary but Sam makes another weird noise when she talks about her family moving here in the early 1900’s only to lose a number of family members. They almost packed up and moved again but didn’t due to a great-great aunt’s whisky distillery modestly taking off during prohibition.
“I’m fine, Dean. I’m…different, but I’m still me. I don’t think I can explain it fully. I’m sorry. Just know that I’m good.”
After a moment, he pulls back and blinks. “Dude, did you just Swayze me?”
It’s clear almost immediately that something is horribly wrong. It’s loud, so loud, and Dean feels like a thousand bricks are sinking him below an endless reservoir of ocean water. He feels his body getting pulled in one direction, and sucked back another way. There’s no water, or wind, or anything though.
Dean looks up and looks at Cas’s new blue sweater, and his sad blue eyes. Dean’s throat catches.
“I killed myself,” Cas blurts out, breaking Dean away from his constant, ridiculous fears.
“Hmm, we should probably eat this before Sam and Eileen smell it. It’s too perfect of a pie to share,” Cas says.
Cas is lying fully on top of him now, their bodies aligned. A spark flashes deep in Dean’s belly when Cas starts to rut against him. He feels that Cas is hard against him. He’s quickly catching up to the game.
Dean turns to lay on his back again. His eyes are now wide open, adjusting to the shadows, seeing the cracks of light seeping through the grate on his door, bouncing and reflecting off the various objects in his room .
the best part of my long existence.”
Dean ducks away from Ray before he can say more.
Cas stops and turns towards Dean, stepping closer to him. “I’m very sorry you lost her, all the same.”
Home.
They gather supplies, weapons, anything useful they can use. Dean scoffs at every turn because they don’t know what they’re walking into and they can’t plan for a single thing. It’s empty, and maybe that’s the scariest part. They could wander forever and never find Cas. In the end, the three of them pack what makes the most sense. Dean resigns himself to his fate.
Dean brings his hand up to grasp Cas’s shoulder and at the last second, pulls him in for a tight hug.
He gets no chance to allow his thoughts to drift further. A sound in the hallways forces his eyes open. Someone else is in the bunker.
“This is also mine. I watched you, often. I’m sorry. I missed you, Dean. But I knew that you had found a home and a good woman to love. I was at war, and well, I cared too much for you to interrupt your new life.” he admits. He does not look at Dean.
Dean starts pacing. He rubs his hands over his face, firmly denying the reality of Jack’s words. He turns and points at Jack.
He closes his eyes and sits for a beat.
He should probably get that sweater off so it’s not ruined. Dean starts to work the sweater off Cas, leaving him wearing only in his white t-shirt. The shirt works itself up far enough for Dean to catch the Enochian tattoo on Cas’s abdomen. He ghosts his hand over the words before pulling the shirt down. Cas is still half off the bed so Dean pulls the covers down and makes short order of pulling Cas up the bed and, since it makes the only sense, quickly removes his pants before tucking him under the covers, clad only in his white t-shirt and boxers. Dean’s universe may have constricted to the size of a pinpoint for a nano-second when he sees Cas laying on his side half-naked, sleeping peacefully, before tucking the cheap motel covers under his chin. He smoothes the blankets and smoothes Cas’s hair down.
Dean takes a deep breath. It's not enough. It's not nearly enough to stop the fire that's raging in his mind. He hears the echo of Amara's words, and then it's like a starlight explosion filling his head. The sparks burn bright and and quickly wisp away to nothing. He closes his eyes, his head still swirling. He feels Cas's warm hand pull away, and he opens his eyes again. Cas steps back from his reach.
Cas is startled by Dean’s words. It’s more than he expects. It’s barely anything. He knows what Dean means though.
Dean turns slightly to see Ray, the chatty man he met earlier at the garage. Ray smiles and waves awkwardly. He then jumps into a long winded and --hilarious only to himself — story about a recent haunted tour where a couple got stuck in a pantry in one abandoned house they were touring. Ray seems to indicate that he just left them to keep the tour going. Dean wants to be anywhere but chatting with this man, mentally noting that there might be more than just witches in this town. Death trumps ghost hunting for now though.
The mixtape.
“Well, the coven was last active when Mutt was born in 1991, I want to say. They don’t really do anything. It’s just, we know they’re around because another generation of the Schitt family is about to be born.” Twyla continues to say these groundbreaking things like they’re just part of a regular day.
The sensation of wind and screaming and drowning go away though. He’s left standing on nothing. He’s not weightless but he reaches down and extends his arm further than his feet. He stands back up, startled. It's a blank emptiness.
Cas’s breath hitches. His palms, flat against Dean’s back, rub up and down a beat. They’re still holding each other, touchstones in the miasma of their swirling minds.
“But how did Lucifer know he could leave, or whatever?”
He looks over at Cas in the passenger seat and notices the car next to them. “Take a look beside you, Cas. It’s like a trip down memory lane.”
“I know.”
He thinks them at Cas.
“Fine, we’ll act as brothers, Cas.” The abrupt reversal of course surprises even Dean.
“Maybe Alexis Rose owns the store.”
a stupid cover, it gives them advantages that they wouldn’t otherwise have, like working together in the open. Dean is messing up every part of their time together.
“No.”
“Hey, you ok? You learn anything? I got stuck talking with Ray —needless to say, there’s a good chance witches aren’t the only thing that’s worrisome about this town. Not sure carrying a shotgun on the haunted tour is going to go over well , but I’d feel safer,” Dean jokes.
Dean almost bolts up again in his sleepy confusion before Cas pulls his arm tighter around Dean’s back. Dean just looks at him, eyes scrunched in confusion.
“That would be great actually.”
“Well, it's a better option than a lone weirdo hunter of monsters and a fallen angel cover, don’t you think?”
“I’m fine, Dean. I’m happy you’re not mad at me anymore. I’m happy we’re spending this time together.”
“Oh, you would not believe what I overheard Roland talking about just a couple of minutes ago. A man has been found dead off of Route 13!” The man giggles then. Bob chuckles in return.
Dean wants to ask the man behind the counter about who owns the shop —they are supposed to be finding out more about the town and the people in it, and he’s not fully ready to give up his Hot Fuzz theory yet.
Sam does pull away then, and lightly taps Cas on the shoulder, smiling.
With that, Dean starts walking towards the garage. It’s a big blue building with paint peeling off the wood exterior. A common theme in this little town, he notes. There’s a tow truck and older model sedans parked out front. Dean can’t tell if they are for sale or rent, or just piss poor examples of the work done at this particular garage. Dean shudders at the thought of Baby in the hands of a stranger. He hardens himself as they cross the street. No one is touching Baby but him (and despite what Sam thinks, he’s not even going to do anything to her.) By the looks of this place, he’ll be able to talk circles around the joint, order some parts, and maybe pick up some intel via local gossip.
“You’re the one that said it, Dean, not me. People take vacations. Make up something.” Sam goes back to looking at his tablet, indicating his belief that the plan is settled.
Dean smooths his hand down Cas’s face, feeling the bristle, ghosting his thumb lightly along his chin, just below his dry lips.
Dean licks his lips, and realizing Cas won’t be distracted, decides to follow his chosen conversation.
“Do you believe me now when I say what we have together is real?”
“I’m truly sorry about your mother. I could bring her back for you, but I don’t think that’s something you need. She’s at peace.”
It’s at this moment that Dean decides something. He pulls back to look at Cas, really look him in the eye. Cas isn’t going to read his wordless thoughts though and so Dean steels himself to say the things that he’s felt for a long time, but just has not had the ability to face.
Dean takes a beat to continue looking at Cas. He was such an idiot getting mad at him before. It’s always fun working a case with Cas—spending quality time with him alone.
“A bug?” Dean asks without preamble.
“Dean, I, uh, didn’t want to wait any longer. Eileen found a way.”
“I’ll do what the case deems necessary, Sam.”
“I wasn’t thinking about that. I was thinking that you’re putting too much thought into our cover. This is stupid.”
“I know.”
“I’m sorry about earlier.” Dean’s words cut through the silence of the car. “I just — you can’t be such a dumbass sometimes, ok?”
“Jack, how did Chuck bring Lucifer back?”
Cas senses earnestness in Dean’s words, but isn’t sure. If they were on better terms, he’d suggest Dean join him, but Dean’s always been modest, and would probably chastise him for the dumb idea.
The air is heavy, like late summer nights often are --the humidity not quite leaving, the swarming bugs never quite settling down with the sun. Late season lightning bugs flash their neon chatter.
“Dean, this is a highly offensive sign. The newspapers I read indicated no such deviance.”
“Yes, Dean. I was thinking of trying out a comedy routine that I’ve been working on.” Cas says the last bit so deadpan, that if Dean didn’t know him better, he’d think Cas is serious.
Cas’s thrusts become erratic and Dean can tell he’s getting close. He moves his hand again and twists a little. Cas comes with a sigh, spilling over Dean’s hand and making a mess between them. Dean thrusts a few more times and comes with a cry of his own. His mind goes blank and he lies mostly on Cas. He moves to wipe his hand on the sheets before running it under Cas’s back, holding him tight. He rests his forehead on Cas’s for a beat before laying a final, quick kiss on his lips. They’re both breathing heavy and Dean doesn’t want to let the high subside, but it does. It always does.
“To bring him back.”
They need an empty room big enough for the portal to manifest. They all agree the dungeon is the best place. Dean feels queasy and his knees nearly buckle when he enters the room. He’ll be okay if he doesn’t think about it. He’s here to get Cas back. So he doesn’t think about the teary goodbye, the words of truth, and his own voice silently screaming in his head to respond with something, anything.
“Dean, what brings this up?”
Cas pulls Dean into a loose hug then, and Dean willingly sags into Cas's arms. He rests his head on his shoulder and takes a few deep breaths to steady himself.
“Right. Hey can you, uh, do your thing on the mattress as well?” Dean motions his finger over the bed. “Never hurts to have it completely dead guy free.”
“I love you, too,” Dean responds as Neil Diamond fades and ABBA soon fills the room.
Dean thinks,
“You want one?” he asks.
They make it to a sturdy tree branch that looks out over the grassy knoll. It’s a solid new home, he thinks. It’s safely tucked under a canopy of leaves, protecting them from the elements and hopefully any unknown threats of their new environment. Dean scans their new world and sees nothing but a large field of grass, a distant copse of trees, and a very large brick home for ground squirrels built into a nearby hill. A large black object sits outside the burrow’s front door, and Dean wonders what it is while admiring how its coat glimmers and shines.
“Is everything alright in here?”
Dean huffs and decides to give Cas this one. They’ve got a lot to do in the next couple of days. Dean turns forward again, glancing at Sam who’s staring stone-faced at the road ahead of him.
“Not interested.” Dean repeats, his face heating slightly. He’s going to have to spoil to Sam sooner than later. What’s the hold up?
The group starts moving in different directions and Dean sees a glint of something to his right. Gwen moves quickly and is on Cas before Dean has time to react. Thankfully Sam sees her move and runs to tackle her before she’s able to stab Cas. They fall to the floor and the silver knife she held clatters to the floor beside the table.
“Nothing.” He just walks over to Cas and gives him a tight hug. He pulls back and adds, “Although I thought you were going to stop being a dumbass on cases.”
“Hi. Looking for Sam?”
He pulls back then and hops down the branch a bit. He looks down and around.
Alarm bells are going off in Dean’s mind and he maybe lets Cas stand like that a beat or two longer before turning and looking back at him.
“What are you listening to, Cas?” Dean quirks an eyebrow at him.
—this feels, and how little he cares that they’re in a public space right now. Cas’s embrace is a welcome oasis. Their lips brush and Dean deepens the kiss almost instantly. He brings his hand up to cradle Cas’s jaw, the stubble like sandpaper on his grazing fingertips.
“Okay, smarty-parts spaceman. If space is a vacuum, why are there explosions and sound in Star Wars?” Asking stupid, well discussed pop-culture questions isn’t really Dean’s intent either, but he doesn’t want the moment to pass, afraid this harmonious, satiating bubble will burst, will leave them with nothing ahead of them but the drudgery of a long drive home.
Eventually, Dean takes the pie from the oven. His mouth waters as the aroma of the cinnamon and apple fill the kitchen. He sets the pie on the counter, and Cas brackets him in from behind, resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean runs over to the kitchen sink and pours a glass of water. Taking it back to Cas, he hands him the liquid.
Dean feels the mattress shift and the covers rustle. Cas’s bare leg slides next to Dean’s, a warm presence, not in comfort but acknowledgement. Dean knows he needs to speak first. Their evening argument just circled what they both needed to say. Dean takes a breath, his eyes still closed, and turns back on his side not yet ready to face Cas and what really demands to be said.
He does not get an answer.
“I think you would describe this as the Groundhog Day of regrets maybe,” Cas responds. “We’re in my memories, but we’re only watching my worst memories over and over again.”
Cas gets even closer to Dean, wrapping one of his arms around Dean’s back and stands taller to whisper in Dean’s ear, his breath tickling the hairs on Dean’s face.
"Dean, I don't have time. Jack, he's, well, he's a bomb for Death. When he kills Chuck and Amara, he also will die. If you and Sam are set on killing Chuck, then I need to find another way to save Jack." He stares at Dean, his jaw set and his eyes flare a brighter than normal blue.
but regular.
Cas is inches away and too good to be true, in Dean’s assessment. He honestly doesn’t know what the delay was in letting himself feel this way for Cas. This weird little town with its mostly quirky, but always kind people maybe has more magic in it than just a coven of witches.
Rowena stands her ground, seemingly understanding what’s happening. Her arms flare out and her eyes flash purple and she starts to chant as an entity starts to form in the air above the table. The remaining witches crowd closer to the hunters.
“Cas, buddy, what are you wearing?”
“I’m sorry, Dean. This is painful in ways I can’t express. You shouldn’t have to witness this.”
Vivien
“Come to the library, let us show you. Jack can open a portal, but can’t enter. We know that nephilim can enter, which means souls can enter. Eileen remembers reading something in the library about...” Sam pauses, and Dean stops rubbing his eyes to look at his brother. “Just get up. Trust me.”
The Schitt’s Creek Motel is like so many motels they’ve stayed at over the years: on the edge of town, a run down sign advertising the space, worn siding, and a painted multi-colored brick exterior. This motel sports planters of brightly colored annuals by each room, though, and Dean thinks they’re a nice touch. Clearly, the owners care a bit more than the average motel owners. Dean and Cas step outside together and walk the few hundred paces along an outdoor sidewalk to their room.
“Okay, Cas, you and Rowena track down Gwen. Sam and me will find Twyla.”
“Cas, we’ve got to find a way out of here. I’ve come to take you home. You gotta help me. Please.” His voice strains and his breath hitches.
“Yeah, well, I think I've made a fool of myself enough for today. How about we stick to the case so we can get out of this one-horse town. C'mon, let's hit up the garage first and then we'll make a quick stop at the store for supplies. Sam should be checking in soon with what he's found in Elmdale.”
“Patrick invited us to an open mic night at the apothecary. I said we would come. I think it’ll give us a good chance to see the town people in action. We can at least run out your notion of a secret town council murdering unsightly visitors just to maintain an air of small-town charm.”
, Dean thinks.
On the outside, he’s reeling from everything Cas just said. Yeah, so he’s mad about Reno. Or, he thought he was, but what he was, was worried. He’s always worried. Cas isn’t done, though.
“Uh, what makes you think that, Colombo,” Dean responds, his words stinging the air.
“We’re good, right?”
“Okay, I’m gonna change real fast and then I say we hit up that cafe for a bit of grub.”
“Good thing our cover story was a waste of time. I didn’t have to hurt my baby. Sam’s doing dishes for the next month for that idea.”
Cas sets the book down at Dean’s touch and turns to him. Dean wants to ask about the weariness behind Cas’s eyes, but well, same shit, different day and all that, he guesses.
Dean stands next to him dumbfounded, not knowing how to proceed or how to convince Cas to help him get them home. Dean feels the now familiar shift in reality and recognizes that it’s too late anyway. Wherever they land next, Dean needs to break Cas out of his apathy and find a solution to get them home.
“Not interested.”
Cas continues to float, splashing the water a bit with his hands, contemplating whether he should get out to investigate or continue the indulgence of the warm water.
“Ready?” Jack asks them all.
Eventually, Cas pulls away, wiping his now kiss-swollen lips with his thumb. He takes a half-step back to look Dean properly. Dean wants to tame his mussed hair, straighten his crooked collar, but stares at him instead, catching his breath.
“Dean, we made it.” Cas states the obvious, and Dean smiles. They really did. They made it to the new world.
“Hey, hey, you’re not alright. We need to get you out of here. What’s happening to you?”
“I love you, you know.” His face flushes at the admittance, his eyes cast down.
“And in the legend, Leabharcham protects Deidre even when she runs away, men die and then Deidre dies,” Rowena adds.
“All the good it did,” Dean scoffs.
“Hmm, okay,” Dean grunts, and takes a sip of his drink.
Dean scowls back at his brother. If only Sam knew. Dean gulps, realizing Sam will know soon enough. First they need to get Alexis away from Twyla to ask Twyla more about this town and its history of witchcraft.
Noting no booze in the bathroom, and as they both slip beneath the pleasure of the bubbles, Cas wonders if they might cross off two of the three items on Dean’s list that evening.
a love ballad. They will be getting to know the townsfolk. His next thought is that they should act more like a couple.
“Cas, I don’t know how we’re going to manage to get out of this cycle, but if I’m going to be spending eternity with you watching one bad memory after another, I want you know know that what we had back then, and what we have right now —you and me— is real. I love you, Cas.” Dean reaches for Cas’s face then, cupping his hands around him softly, pulling Cas in for a  kiss, soft and light at first, but quickly intensifying the caress. Cas leans into him and Dean wraps his arms around him fully until their bodies are flush.
Dean and Cas stand just inside the door. Dean is assessing the place before moving further in to ask for help. The man behind the desk notices him and beckons him over.
“You’re part of this decision too, Cas.”
“It’s just a bug. I’ll be fine.”
quaint and a little
“Dean, stay still. I want —want to look at you. I always like looking at you.”
David, who is busy moving around what appears to be lip balms and breath mints, looks around like Dean isn’t talking to him. His face squirrels into an embarrassed but pleased smile.
“Cas, I did what I had to do for this family. I’d do it again in a heartbeat if it meant you, Sam, Jack, and Mom are safe.” Dean wasn’t sure he’d do it all again though, and saw his doubts reflected in Cas’s face. His mind recoils at the slightest memory of Michael’s possession. He was so low, so desperate for another win, so out of options that he latched onto the one thing he could do to save them, but hindsight is a bitch. He survived Hell, he miraculously lived through this, but barely. He feels weak showing his doubts.
Instead, he sighs and pushes at Cas’s ribs while pulling him closer with his arm around his shoulder. Cas takes that as an invitation to twist slightly, wrapping his arm around Dean’s middle.
“Well, isn’t this your lucky day, “ Sam murmurs beside him. “Don’t get distracted. We’re on a case.”
Rowena wanders over to the table, picking up the pieces and looking them over.
“I do. I can’t prove anything but I think the town was already starting to be inoculated against Leabharcham when the Rose family moved to town. They’ve started to turn things around for themselves —and those that they help in Schitt’s Creek,” Sam says. “Now everyone will be free to prosper.”
“This is all I want, Cas. Sand, surf, and silence.” He’s facing forward, eyes closed, relaxing in the sun’s remaining warmth. He feels Cas’s stare boring into him. “What?” His voice is impatient, though he doesn’t mean it to be.
“I think so. I am tired, but feel fine.”
“Cas, this is my memory. What are we doing here?” Dean asks.
He scoots closer and wraps an arm around Cas’s middle, pulling him in, skimming his hand under Cas’s undershirt to feel the warmth beneath. Cas turns to face Dean and brings his hand up to cradle his face, briefly trailing a light touch over Dean’s brow. His own brow furrows slightly.
“That’s really great to hear,” Twyla ends, lightly. “Well, I better get Gwen home. Bob’s probably just sitting in his car waiting for her to come home and unlock the door for him.”
There are other things he can’t remember though. His memories were swiss-cheesed when he was rescued. The chaos of the portal, the wind, and the noise all swirl in his memories with half-remembered movie plots and the weight of metal in his hand and duty in his heart.
Dean flushes. He’d do it again, and again, forever if it meant keeping Cas safe and beside him. He smiles at Cas but refuses to make the moment more sappy than it already is.
“They’ve taken him, Sam! I turn my back on Castiel for one second and he’s gone!”
Dean leans sideways and gives Cas a small kiss on the cheek before grabbing two forks.
Dean finds Cas alone in the library. He’s standing by the book shelves, leafing through a slim volume in his hand. His coat is missing, his jacket is off, and his tie is gone. Dean kind of stalls at the sight of him.
Dean takes his phone back from Sam and looks at the photo. In it Dean is smiling brightly, with his arm around Cas. Cas is standing straight ahead, but his head is turned looking at Dean with a look of confusion and gentle exasperation. Dean’s heart flutters a little just looking at it.
He is quite the sight —hair standing in all directions, and his new blue sweater sitting askew and wrinkled from Dean grabbing on to him during their walk. He’s still swaying, even as he sits.
Dean and Sam head outside to wait for Twyla. They’re barely out the door before Sam bursts out with surprise, “Dude, you had a chance there, why didn’t you go for it?”
The shock of finding himself in this new place is suddenly more captivating than locating Cas, and Dean stares at his surroundings wide-eyed.
“She’s the local diner’s owner. She’s filled in a lot of the missing gaps that the newspapers didn’t cover when it comes to the history of this town. She has a book —unpublished, but seemingly accurate. She knew all about the Schitt family witches.”
Before Dean can continue his thoughts, Cas slumps against his side, passing out.
Dean has a surreal sense of being home and wonders for a half-second if his last pleas towards Cas worked. They are in the bunker. They are not home though, Dean discerns almost immediately.
“I was.” Sam gets off the stool and opens another box. This one was on the table, and contains what appear to be newspapers. They’re all in various stages of yellowing. Sam takes the top paper out and starts scanning it.
Sam is clearly engrossed in reading the newspaper now, and not giving Dean a second thought. Or he’s ignoring him on purpose. Dean is curious what Rowena wanted. She’s reliable, in her own witchy way, but he still questions how trustworthy she can be for the most part. He just thinks it’s interesting that she was here when the whole gang wasn’t.
Smiling, Cas huffs, lightly pushing Dean away. Before getting out of bed, they pause, staring, knowing one more piece of their little puzzle just clicked together.
Dean watches the sky grow bright and the wind start to swirl. Dean watches Jimmy transform into Castiel. He knows him without a doubt. He stands on the walkway awkward, staring at his hand when the door opens. It’s Claire. She was so young. Dean aches for her.
“Let’s go home, Cas. This time I promise to talk —and if you’re lucky maybe you’ll get to listen to me sing along to every song on the radio, too.”
Patrick comes out from behind the counter then and pats David on the shoulder. “Let me get them for you.” As he walks by Dean and Cas, he stops and holds out his hand. “I’m Patrick, and that’s David. Are you new in town, or just passing through?”
Dean places his palm on Cas’s chest, feeling the steady rise and fall, feeling his heartbeat low and regular —does that matter for an angel? Cas is going to be just fine.
They’re in his room now. The other Dean is sitting at his desk, staring at police scanners and tracking programs. The other Cas isn’t there though, and he looks to his own Cas for an answer. He’s turned away from Dean, watching the door, anticipating the next moment in the memory. A beat later, there’s a knock, and Cas —the other Cas—enters.
“I’m mad at you. I’m mad at…this. I don’t know what to do.”
“Yeah, ‘business’,” Sam snickers. “Listen, let’s touch base in a bit. I got a place in Elmdale tonight just so I’m laying low away from Schitt’s Creek. Stay safe you two —and uh, Dean, might I suggest “Earth Angel” as a song?”
Dean scans the room as fast as he can, adrenaline kicking in when he sees Cas at the mercy of the coven. It seems they really do want these travelers dead. A few of the witches start to run towards them and Dean wastes a bullet and shoots it into the ceiling.
At that moment there is a jingle as the door opens again. Cas walks in, holding the door for a woman dressed in the most absurd way, all black and white and ridiculously patterned. They are murmuring to each other as she passes him, smiling. Getting a closer look, Dean realizes he knows the woman as well.
They’re watching Dean rake leaves.
“Wait, are there really good witches and bad witches?” Twyla ponders.
His eyes close as his head rests against the side of the tub, and he floats. He’s weightless, and his thoughts drift. The memory of flying floods his mind and his shoulders ache with the thought. He smiles though. It’s a pleasant feeling despite the loss of his wings.
There were boxes and paper and —
"I have to go, Dean. I know your mission, and now you know mine."
“He told me he loved me. Before he …went away,” he confesses. He huffs out a small laugh and continues to stare at his drink, unable to meet Sam’s eyes.
to intervene. So what if he had been tackled to the ground. Maybe he didn’t have a good handle on his weapon, and maybe Cas was doing the right thing by helping. Dean doesn’t like to think about it because when he does, he remembers Cas reaching down, angel blade out, and slicing just a half-inch shy of where it needed to be. He remembers Cas falling back, the monster lashing out at him. He remembers Cas falling hard, a gash welling bright red blood on his cheek. His action had given Dean enough time to reposition himself to finish off the creepy bastard. Cas was just doing his job- and yet Dean can’t stop thinking about it. He can’t help but wonder why this pissed him off so much. And instead of digging too deeply, first he made sure Cas was okay, and then he exploded at the guy. He watched Cas shut down on him in real time, but he didn’t care. It was better Cas know how upset he was, than to let that happen again. Cas didn’t fight back, and his anger quickly evaporated into silent contempt. God, the ride home was an awkward mess that he’d rather not dwell on.
“Is it gone? What did you two just do?” Dean asks.
‘Wait, Cas, is this about the Colt?”
They say the words simultaneously.
“But he was, Dean. He’s what I might have been. I’ve been broken down, reset, taught the true ways of Heaven so often.” He scoffs, looking up, “I wonder how much I really remember of my angelic existence.”
“Twyla, you’ve been really helpful with our research. Can I ask one more favor?” Sam asks.
“Talk to me.” His voice is too gruff and Cas just stares. Dean clears his throat and pushes himself up on one elbow to look over Cas. He moves his hand up and rubs his forearm to soften his words’ inflection.
, he also reminds himself. He tempers his anger, but anxiety still swirls through his mind as Sam and Twyla get in the Impala.
“So what happened in 1991?” Dean was finally interested.
“Hey, Ray, this is all very fascinating and I can’t, uh, wait to hear more on the haunted tour tomorrow night. I think I see my, uh, husband calling me over. Excuse me.”
He looks over at Cas, and sees he’s paused his work to stare back at Dean. Fleetingly, Dean notes that he was peeling the apples in one, long, curly strip.
Cas looks skeptical, but softens and whispers, “Of course.”
“I started noticing a pattern to the deaths in the obits, Dean. I don’t know what your thoughts are but deaths usually don’t follow a pattern.”
Dean looks back to watch his brother smile at Jack. It’s a smile full of reservation though, and Dean tracks Sam’s eyes to the side of the street. Eileen’s car is parked on the corner.
“No, no, no, no, nothing like that. Just noticed some small-
They all make it out of the barn slowly. Sam helps Gwen while Rowena and Twyla walk conspiratorially close together. Dean and Cas follow the rest of the group.
“You really doubt my feelings for you, Dean? You think that what we’ve created, what we’ve fought for, and what we’ve become over the years isn't real?”
He looks at Cas, and sees his eyes are lust-filled but his mouth is grinning devilishly. Cas flattens his hand and rubs Dean’s side in mute apology.
“Dean, where have you been?! I’ve called and texted. I had half a mind to blow my cover to come back for you guys. You okay?”
“Well, if the case is a bust, maybe I’ll still get to ‘interrogate’ Alexis Rose.”
Cas moans a small, “Dean” and Dean kisses him again, their mouths open and sloppy, misaligned. Dean doesn’t care. This is a race and he is quickly approaching the finish line. He wants to last, but it’s all so new and it feels too good to slow down. He stops moving his hand and starts thrusting into the tight hole his hand has formed. Cas soon starts to mimic him, still holding lightly onto Dean’s hips.
Dean chokes a bit, looking over at Cas.
“I thought I could make it right. I thought I could fix things. I …it’s my job to make things right for you and Sam.”
“Of course, Dean.”
Dean rubs Cas’s back, imagining the broken wings, feeling the taunt muscles.
“What is wrong with this town?” Dean is beside himself. “Can we turn back?”
“You know Cas, if you ever want to track down your old car, I’d help you. I know with everything with Amara and end of the world, and...” Dean gulps, pausing at the memory, but continues, “Lucifer, you kind of lost track of it. We could find it for you again.”
They enter the apothecary to find the event in full swing. People are milling about, enjoying the atmosphere and drinks in wine flutes. Some are quietly conversing in the front of the shop, while the majority of the people are focused on the back of the shop, where the performances are being held.
“She came in while I was flipping the bed. I thought it prudent to not let on that we know about the dead man.”
He and Cas head to their room.
lying with Cas like this.
Dean looks at Jack, and sits back down in his chair. The desperate mania is still coursing through him, even if Jack’s words feel like a splash of cold water. He swallows the rest of his drink and pours a second glass. He drinks it in one gulp.
“Uh, nice to meet you.” Dean holds his hand out to shake each of theirs.
“I know, it was mine. Glad you’re finally taking my advice.”
“I’ll be right back.”
“Cas, do you ever wonder what actually happens inside a black hole?”
Cas looks up at Dean. His expression is soft, his eyes holding a distant gaze.
Simultaneously Cas and Dean respond, “Yes, we’re very close” and “Uh.”
He thinks the words though.
“Well, check this out. Johnny Rose, owner of Rose Video, is also the owner of the town —or, well, his son is.”
Dean laughs, because Cas isn’t wrong.
Dean smiles and looks around at the rest of the room. Sam is helping Gwen up from the floor. She looks perplexed and back to normal, the spell clearly breaking with the destruction of Leabharcham and the head of the coven. Rowena has made her way over to Twyla and is quietly talking to her.
Sam throws a small brown hex bag on the dinette table.
With his duffel still on his shoulder, Dean looks around the room and heads for the library. Everything seems in order: no books out of call number order, no chairs flipped upside down. He knows Cas had texted when they were about an hour out of Lebanon. What could have called Sam away?
“C’mon, let’s head to the tree over there. We’ll be safer.”
Dean stares at the pie ingredients in front of him. It’s been a while —a long while —since he’s baked anything. He isn’t sure what made him think baking a pie was a good idea. That’s not true though. Sure, he wanted a temporary escape from Cas’s disdainful looks while making a run for supplies, but really, it was watching his brother and Eileen the other day that ultimately sent him reeling. Sam was feeling the weight of their losses as much as Dean —if not more, and Dean briefly thinks of Rowena. Sam got a win with Eileen though. He seems happy in his own doofy way, and Dean knows that’s no small thing.
Dean stares at Cas, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
He starts walking back around the table, Cas having wandered off a bit to handle some wool sweaters in the back corner. The door opens before he gets too far, and in walks David Rose. He’s carrying two coffee cups and makes a bee-line for the man behind the counter. Before even setting the coffees down, he leans across the counter and kisses him. And then they kiss again. And they keep kissing. Deans wants to clear his throat or run to the back room or —he just keeps staring though.
Cas makes a noise in the back of his throat and instead of moving his head farther away, he scoots a fraction closer to Dean, moving his head lower to sit awkwardly on Dean’s bended arm. Wordless communication always their language, Dean doesn’t question it and lowers his arm, curving it around Cas’s shoulder, their heads now resting on the windshield.
Dean looks over at Cas, wearing his familiar trench coat once again.
“Cas, stay awhile,” he throws out, almost hesitantly.
“Dean, I think we should mingle with the townspeople as a couple to draw them into conversation,” Cas says, practically reading Dean’s mind.
That is guarded knowledge, according to Sam. It was in the police report, but not in the paper. On the one hand, David does live in the motel and maybe he saw something. On the other hand, how does a broke former celebrity land enough money to start a business as nice as this one? And what was with Patrick wanting to know if they were passing through town or not? Something seems hinky, and Dean wants answers. He can’t just ask though. Their cover would be blown. Does that matter at this point? The case is going nowhere fast. The only thing they’ve accomplished is convincing some townsfolk that their car doesn’t work and that they are married -both of which are false and don’t help with the case one bit.
“You should call him. Let him know we are alright.” He pauses, and adds, “More than alright. I will gather our things.”
Cas hands Dean a piece of paper. Dean looks down at it and it seems blank so he turns it over to find words on it.
The diner is mostly empty —it being after the breakfast crowd but too soon for lunch, but there is a smattering of people in the booths and a woman, faced away from the brothers, sitting at the counter talking with Twyla.
He turns and looks at the boy. Jack looks up and slowly closes his book.
He can’t even say the words and just knowing Sam noticed is like coming out of a long, dark tunnel into fresh daylight. For all the good it does.
“How you felt?” Cas asks.
“I’m  off in five minutes. I could show you if you’d like.”
Dean doubts himself almost immediately when he thinks he sees a shadow pass across Cas’s face, but is distracted when Cas asks again, “How are you, Dean?”
“Angel’s pick, I’d say. But I’ll put a strong vote in for The Goonies.” He drops his arm around Cas’s shoulder to pull him further into the bunker and back to the new and improved Dean Cave. As they walk together, he thinks to himself that they’ll have plenty of time to hash out everything later --everything with Jack, and Chuck, and the end of the world. Now it’s their time.
Sensing the sarcasm, he tilts his head, peering out of one eye. Scoffing, he responds, “Because I need you, man.”
“Are you saying these are ceremonial deaths?” Cas interjected. “Does this most recent death fit the pattern?”
They drive in silence for some time, pulling over once to swap driving duties with Sam. While Dean stews in his own flustered anger, Sam drives in the early morning hours. Cas remains silent in the back. Dean can hear the occasional rustle of paper and assumes he is still reading old papers. It’s maybe six in the morning and Dean is more on autopilot than anything at this point. His mind is drifting as he watches the first slight glimmer of daylight creep across the horizon. He isn’t convinced there is a case here that requires all three of them, but he’ll be damned if he’ll leave Cas behind to do god-knows-what on his own, and it was Sammy’s goofball idea, so he’s stuck with the current course. On the other hand, he can’t help but appreciate the road trip and the thought of maybe getting Moira Rose's autograph.
He takes his off shoes first and then stares at him a bit before rationalizing that his nice new sweater should come off as well. He’d hate for it to get ruined. Cas was so proud of it, and he does look really nice in it.
Dean  rubs his shoulder for some reason and can feel the solidness beneath all the layers of trench coat and suit.
Dean watches a wry smile cross Jack’s face as his fingers trace a seam in the Impala’s front bench.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean’s mind races. What is he supposed to do? Treat him the same? He’s just a kid, but Dean could tell one off-color joke and Jack could snap his fingers, and Dean would pouf out of this world in a heartbeat. Dean swallows and grips the steering wheel tighter.
And leaning his head on Cas’s shoulder, Dean feels his toes sink a little deeper into the sand, letting Cas’s words fill him with peace.
Dean stays mute.
“I am by you side, and I’ll always be there for you, Dean.” He pauses. He wants to say more. He knows he shouldn’t. He decides to anyway. “You always comes first to me, Dean. But Jack —he, he’s my —our son. He mattered more. I would have done anything to help him. I should have done more. He was my responsibility and I failed him. I failed Mary. I failed…you.”
“I’m…I’m fine, Cas. I’m maybe a little hungry. Beef jerky for breakfast doesn’t fill you up like it should,” he says, brushing off his hungry thoughts that aren’t food related. “Let’s go.”
“I’m getting out of your way.” He stands, his towel partially covering his nakedness, soap bubbles plopping into the water.
“Schitt’s Creek Courier? That’s a joke, right? There’s a town out there called Schitt’s Creek?”
And then he sees it, the tan color. Cas’s trench coat. His heart leaps and his hands start to shake. He crawls closer and hovers over the angel on his knees. Cas is lying prone, his head turned away from Dean, asleep. Dean reaches for him, the whole time chanting…
“Sam, stop.” Dean rolls his eyes at his brother, and Sam just gives him a smirk in return.
Cas is on his right and turns to talk to Dean.
The noise grows louder as he turns the corner into the storage room. What’s Sam up to? Spring cleaning? It’s fall.
They continue to kiss and smile, and share soft touches far into the late morning, enjoying each other, knowing they have their whole lives to be together, and happy.
Cas huffs a humorless laugh and looks down his nose at Dean.
“You’ve heard a lot for just getting back to the bunker. Instead of talking with Sam, you could have joined me in the Dean Cave —got the TV all fixed up and everything.”
- issues that should be addressed before another stretch of our long road trip.”
“Okay, ‘night, Dean.”
“Hey, you’re here.”
He sets to work filling the tub with bath bubbles infused with lavender oil, the room filling with steam and calming scents. Cas lights a couple candles and removes the rest of his clothes. He tests the water and finds it a near perfect temperature, the sudsy liquid slipping through his fingers. He carefully slides under the bubbles, and into the warm abyss.
“Hey, check into something for me. Where in town does the motel sit? If these deaths are all happening outside of the town, what happened in the motel?”
It turns out that Schitt’s Creek is small enough to walk everywhere. The motel is about five blocks away from the downtown —well, if one could call it that. They find the Cafe Tropical that Johnny mentioned, Bob’s Garage, and Rose Apothecary at kind of a three-way crossroads.
"I needed --wanted-- you to hear them out loud." Dean smiles shyly, and wonders if this sudden feeling of lightness will last.
The silence consumes the room again. Dean stands at his bed, staring at his bag, his back still to Cas. He doesn’t touch his things again. Cas can hear his breathing pattern, slow and purposefully even. Cas knows that Dean is a tinderbox, ready to explode at any moment. Part of him wants to ignite the inevitable firestorm. Part of him wants to hold him, smother the fire before it starts. He does neither for now, and just watches Dean move from the bed to the kitchenette. Dean pours himself a glass of water and drinks, long and slow. Cas watches Dean’s Adam’s apple bob as he swallows the water down. Cas watches him set the glass down, his eyes seemingly focused on nothing.
He curses himself. His mind is frozen over what he needs to say. He wants to say it. He wants Cas to understand. He’s not sure he has the right words.
“Uh, thank you.”
The whole hayloft is lit with golden light. There’s still shadows in far corners, but the front of the room, where Cas is now laid out on the table, is lit with candles. There’s a group of about ten people, four men and six women. One is holding a spell book while another adds ingredients to a large bowl beside Cas. Gwen is there, standing off from the others.
“We’re in the business of making sure your lot doesn’t exist.”
“Right. Okay, let’s do this then. I’ll head in to the office to book our room. You maybe stay here and gather our stuff. I’ll be right back.”
It is as simple as that. Dean lists off the various belts and parts he wants. Bob doesn’t even bat an eye and  dutifully writes down what Dean requests. While Dean is doing that, Cas wanders off to another part of the garage. Dean is just finishing things with Bob when he overhears Cas say, “Spooky things in town?”
As he pulls away, Cas turns towards him, shifting from lying on his side to on his back. He’s awake, eyes wide and hair more disheveled than ever.
, Dean tells himself. The hunt was dark, confusing, and chaotic, but Dean feels a small bit of pride knowing they took out seven of the things. Dean smiles to himself thinking of Sam’s ingenious gasoline and butane fireline --but his thoughts quickly sour thinking of Cas rushing past it --through it-- to smite the monsters.
“That mattress is going to have to be flipped before I sleep on it. A dude just died on it. Let me clean up and then I’ll help you.”
“Why are you listening to our song without me?” He hums, and pulls Cas in closer, wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist.
“Um, thanks,” Dean says as he takes the keys from Johnny.
Both brothers burst out laughing. Sam looks down at the paper again, and wipes tears from his eyes.
“Okay, okay, let’s put a pin in this. We’ve got bigger fish to fry. One, do you think this ties to the hex bag with no power, Cas? If it did what it was supposed to do, then its power would disappear, right? And B, is Gwen a witch? Why murder travelers? Who do they worship? How do we stop it?”
“Yeah, like anyone would believe we’re brothers.” Dean tells himself to shut up and then looks back at Cas in the rear view mirror. Cas has a look of steely defiance.
“Cas, wait. Please.” Dean pulls his hand back suddenly, and huffs, his eyes flitting over Cas’s torso before darting back up to meet Cas’s eyes. “How are you able to keep going with all this?”
“Cas, I need you to listen to me. You are not a burden. Whatever is happening tonight is not your fault.” He sets the glass down and comes back to the bed, sitting down next to Cas, their sides touching. Cas needs to understand something —something Dean’s never really been able to put into words. Now is not the time to find those words either, but nevertheless Dean sits struggling with it all while also wondering how he can find a way to figure out what happened tonight.
Dean realizes too late the trap they appear to have walked into. Why did they think they were a couple? Cas is, per usual, standing a hairsbreadth too close to Dean, and yes, Dean hadn’t even noticed given it’s been a common thing for them since day one, but they hadn’t even said anything to each other.
“You’re making fun of me.”
What does that even mean —a couple? Dean’s never never been part of a couple and can’t imagine openly showing affection or any of that crap —shoulder pats and soft gazes aren’t romantic, they’re just …just what happens in the course of the day next to Cas. If they’re married —do married people kiss? Dean chides himself —
Dean never will get used to hearing this bold truth of Cas’s faith and devotion in him, but he can admit that hearing the words has eased with time.
Dean looks at the paper, and a sly grin slowly spreads across his face.
“Alright, enough,” he says.
He wakes hours later to the sound of Sam’s voice. He’s spread out on the couch, feet in Cas’s lap. He blinks, still groggy, rubs his eyes and recoils his feet back to his corner of the couch. When the hell did Cas join him?
Cas doesn’t respond. It has been weeks since they have last seen each other, and Dean wonders what Cas is reading that has him so distracted.
“Dean, I want Castiel back as much as you do.” He pauses, and tilts his head. “Cas is asleep in the Empty. I can make a portal, but it does no good if he’s still asleep. There’s no way to wake him. There’s no way I can bring him back.”
“Uh, yeah…yes. Please. Uh, a room for two.”
and I are in town briefly and I’m in need of some parts for my ’67 Chevy Impala.”
It must be the sun, his face is golden and the little flecks of lighter stubble sparkle when his jaw clenches. Dean blinks to clear his mind. Where the hell did his mind just go? Why is he thinking about how Cas looks? He doesn’t get to continue this thought though.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I see what this is doing to you. I wish I could ease the pain. I didn’t understand before. Watching the two of you, I only saw you from a child’s perspective. You, Sam, and Cas were brothers. But it’s different for you and Castiel.”
Dean swallows, desperate, so desperate to respond. He pulls his hand away to loop it around Cas’s back, pulling him closer. Their bodies touching, he feels Cas’s warmth, and sighs, the physical language of his a crutch too ambiguous for absolute interpretation. Dean thinks himself a coward.
“Good, Sammy. You should try it sometime.” He pulls Cas in for a sideways hug, initially as a joke for Sam’s sake, but regrets it immediately when he looks over to see Cas, a look of fondness and confusion on his face.
Dean starts to roll out the pie crust, and keeps talking. “I fought against it for a long time. Didn’t want to disappoint my dad. I had to be the perfect son. And then it just became what it was, I guess. Until I met you.”
Dean tries to forget the day, the hunt, the heat. He just wants more of this --more of Cas. More moments with them together, forgetting the world, and the crappy hand they’ve been dealt. They haven’t had a world ending catastrophe to face in months. Routine salt and burns are now the norm. Dean knows this won’t last. Dean just wants to savor the taste of Cas, and the feel of his body next to his. Dean dreads checking his voicemail, dreads finding a call for another hunt.
Dean finds himself in the pitch black void of the Empty again. He panics almost instantly and looks down to locate Cas. He’s not on the ground though. He’s standing right next to Dean, a look of worry etched on his own face.
They stay like that for a long while, holding each other, smiling as they kiss, and Cas is happy Dean is here with him, forever.
Sam walks over to her. Standing close, he looks down at her. “What do you think?”
“I saved you from Hell, Dean. What I didn’t realize was, you were saving me right back.”
“I wasn’t going to leave you in Reno.”
Dean eventually pulls back just enough to rest their foreheads together. He breaths Cas in and smiles.
Dean kisses him. It’s hard, uncoordinated. Cas doesn’t kiss him back.
Together, Sam and Rowena start an incantation that’s from the book. Leabharcham cries out and flares a bright green —so bright Dean has to shield his eyes. There’s a great popping noise and suddenly the room stills, the dust slowly settling around them. Everything is normal again, relatively speaking, Dean thinks.
“Dean, we should really settle on a plan for winter. There are leaves mixed with the walnuts on the ground. We may not have much time to prepare for the coming dormancy of pabulum.”
“I came back to work with your brother. I have no desire to cause further issue with you. I will go.”
“Wait, Cas, I’ve…I’ve come to take you home.” Dean follows though.
He takes a couple steps and stumbles over something in the dark. Something —or someone —is there with him. He turns around and gropes in the dark.
Sam clears his throat and looks pointedly at Dean.
“No sense wasting that hot water.” He quirks his eyebrow and tugs them towards the tub. “Baths are one of the top three most pleasurable activities out there, after all.”
Cas is close, his hair seemingly black in the shadows, and his eyes showing so much sorrow. Even in the dim light, the blue radiates an ocean of heartache. Dean wants nothing more than to run away from the weight of knowledge that he’s the cause of that face --that pain. Panic bubbles up and he starts to move --to leave the tent and escape across the empty expanse of beach. Before he even can though, Cas settles a hand on his arm, steadying him.
"I know. I just heard your thoughts."
“They are. The last one is dated October 16, 1957.  A year before the bunker was abandoned.”
Dean’s smile widens.
“I know. Cas was just down here too. He says you’re ‘in a mood’, and that you drove all night, without a break, in dead silence.”
“What’s happening here, Cas?” Dean wonders.
He grabs Cas’s forearm, meaning to tear it away, to brush him away.
one, Dean thinks. His cheeks are flushed, and if Dean wasn’t so mesmerized with the sight in front of him, all his senses would tell him to run,
Dean’s too lost in the moment -Cas kissed him!--his mind a buzzing whorl of elation and panic, to fully register what he just said.
“Dean, I don’t think the FBI approach is going to work. There just isn’t enough to go on. There isn’t even an active investigation. I think we need to try a different approach.”
“Y’know I wasn’t all that happy here, right? I was trying, but I…missed you, too.” Dean should say more, but doesn’t. He blinks, and Crowley is standing next to Cas.
“Yup. Apparently, just like you noticed, this one happened just out of town on Route 6. I think Elmdale PD is involved, but the Schitt’s Creek coroner was called to help. I’m guessing the body’ll be in town for us to go take a look.”
Dean feels Cas’s eyes on him, but only hears the soft whistle of breathing. This was supposed to be their moment to share. Two beats of silence is too much and he bursts out, “Are you going to say it back?”
The next thing Dean realizes he's waking to streaks of sunlight working their way through the motel curtains, his phone buzzing non-stop on the bedside table by his head. He’s also wrapped around Cas like a big spoon, his arms lightly draped around Cas’s middle, his face smooshed into the back of Cas’s neck.
“Wonderful…congrat—congr, uh, enjoy your stay.” With that he walks over to the far wall to move more items back in order.
They’re both leaking and Dean strokes a little faster, pre-come easing the friction.
“And I’m guessing Johnny didn’t tell you about the extra special turn-down service, but I’m here to tell you it’s worth the $50.”
“But why the Schitt family?” Cas asks.
“Is everything alright?” Eileen asks.
, Dean muses. He makes eye contact with Cas then. Cas is wrecked. His lips are swollen and his eyes still reflect a mixture of confusion and  elation. Dean smiles and starts to ask if Cas is still okay, but his phone pings a couple times in quick succession.
He looks over at Cas. His shoulders are slumped and his face looks grim.
“Dean, I don’t remember. I’m sorry.”
“I’m still mad at you.”
“Well I’m banking on the stories the waitress was telling Sam.”
It’s never enough.
He reaches for Cas to pull him into his arms. As he touches him, the world turns and Dean’s whole sense of reality is upended.
“Uh, yeah, sure. I’m gonna hit the shower. Wraith juice doesn’t age well.” His lighter tone falls flat, and his smile is more of a grimace. Yet, he claps Cas’s shoulder twice before heading back down the hallway to his bedroom.
Dean’s face softens and he shifts slightly to face him better. It’s slightly awkward and he realizes how very close they are -close enough to feel the warmth coming off Cas through their many mutual layers.
“The Schitt’s Creek motel?” David wanders their way and is making that face again. His teeth are bared and his ears back, like he is physically repulsed by the very idea. “Oh, that’s, like, a very bad—.”
Dean’s hunter radar goes into overdrive. Another death? And these townspeople find it funny? Maybe Sam was right in sticking to sussing out the townspeople. Something doesn’t sit right in this town.
“We could be brothers, on a road trip.”
Cas’s words cut through the air like a knife. He doesn’t look up from the motel magazine he is browsing, but can feel Dean still.
He pulls back from the kiss to catch his breath. He looks at Cas, lips swollen and spit-slick. Without a thought, he flips Cas onto his back and now Dean’s on top. Through the thin layers of clothing, Dean feels Cas, feels how hard they both are and wants —he wants
“Dean, I’m sorry.”
“You made it back! Oh my god! I can’t believe it.” Sam sweeps his hair back from his face and continues to stare in awe at Cas and his brother.
“How do you know?”
“You! You woke him up once before. You can do it again!” He could hear the desperation creep into his voice.
Mary. Jack. Chuck. Where to begin?
His stomach twists and he focuses on the passing mile markers. Cas saved him. He saved the whole world from Billie. He sacrificed himself for love. All those years and moments, all the maybes and what ifs that floated through Dean’s mind over the years drift through his mind now. Everything. Chuck had no control over Cas. And Cas still loved him. How was he supposed to know an angel could feel that deeply? Dean rubs the steering wheel and shifts around, physically trying to distract himself from his own thoughts.
Sam huffs, tucking his hair behind his ear, and starts scrolling through his tablet.
Cas can smell Dean, the faded body spray and a day’s hard work. It’s intoxicating. He looks at Dean and blinks, desperately trying to remember if they even
What is Crowley doing here, Dean wonders? This is part of Cas’s memory, and Dean grasps the importance of this particular moment.
Dean looks back at Cas.
“You’ll be hard-pressed to find a place that doesn’t boast some kind of haunting or another around these parts. I’ve been a part of these tours for years now.” She lowers her voice and practically whispers, “It’s more of a romantic walk through the woods than anything. You two won’t have to fight off too many ghosts if you book a tour.”
“What kind of pie are we making?”
“Yes and no. See, the pattern stopped in 1991. The deaths became random again —or at least the pattern changed, and no matter how I track it, I can’t find a new pattern. Maybe this most recent death is a coincidence, but something is happening in Schitt’s Creek.”
Cas is drunk —or drugged —or something. The last time he saw Cas drunk was after he had consumed an entire liquor store. No way two moderate glasses of bubbly caused this level of drunkenness in Cas.
Dean leans his forehead against Cas’s instead. They stay like that for a beat, just breathing in each other’s space.
Sam’s shoulders slump and he walks away, head shaking. From down the hallway Dean hears, “Be ready in fifteen, guys.”
“You’ve made it abundantly clear that all the mistakes I’ve made over the years are real. I’m sure you’ll figure out the rest in due time.” He sets his jaw firm, refusing to allow emotions to cloud his words.
The night is beautiful. Exploding with stars, the sky stretches far and wide across the flat, empty expanse of road. They had been hunting in the ass-end of nowhere --a vamp hunt-- a milk run so easy Sam begged off to do research with Eileen. Busy tracking an Azeban, she made a detour to Lebanon, thinking the bunker might have information on the lore. Though the brothers have never talked about it, Dean questions how much research will actually be done in Cas and Dean’s absence.
“And you thought you saw a bug with ‘many legs’ crawl under the mattress?”
Cas interrupts his puzzled thoughts. “I’m...can we maybe tell him after I come back?”
“We’re going to an open mic night tonight. Dean is going to serenade me.”
A flare of indignation rises in Dean. He knows Cas can take care of himself.
Tension clearly gone from Cas, Dean hears a quiet, teasing, “Shut up.”
“And now I seem to do everything wrong in this town, but the people here are nice and they accepted our story without question and I found us an excuse to explore the woods outside of town.” Cas’s anger is completely gone, and all that was left is confusion and hurt.
— Cas is under him. He moves his legs slightly so they fit better together. Dean is leaking pre-come and he wants nothing more than to rut against Cas until he forgets everything but how it feels to hold Cas and be with him.
“What are you reading? Don’t you, you know,” Dean pauses, and swirls his finger around the side of his head, “Know everything now?”
Sam looks down and clears his throat.
Dean starts humming along to the end of the song, smiling widely still.
“I’m..I’m sorry, Dean. I came back to help Sam. I didn’t know anyone was in the bunker.”
The wind picks up and street garbage swirls into a mini-cyclone before petering out behind a pick-up truck. A dog barks in the distance and Dean feels a sense of dread. There’s an eerie solitude permeating the air around him. He glances down the street and hesitates over his next move. The door to the house in front of him opens, and Cas walks outside.
Dean feels Sam’s surprised eyes boring into him and his face heats a degree or two.
“An angel?” Twyla quietly mumbles.
Dean realizes that he may be pushing too hard as a tourist. The FBI gig affords them far more access so he lets it go. “Uh, nothing. You’ve got a nice store here.”
“Dean.”
“I killed someone this week. I mean, not just someone, an old friend,” he confesses without preamble.
He groans internally and rubs his forehead.
Cas gets back in his face.
Cas’s hand comes up to cup Dean’s face. It’s warm, and Dean starts to lean into it almost immediately. He starts to lean into Cas. Cas kisses him on the cheek. It’s chaste and soft —a pebble of comfort.
“I’m sorry.”
“Yeah.” Dean’s sleepy confusion sticks like spiderwebs in the corners of his mind. What did a long-defunct video chain have to do with anything?
“I don’t think I’ve had a worse memory than this moment, Dean. The Empty, it knows everything, and it knows what will hurt angels and demons the most —me more than anyone else in this hopeless void, I’m guessing. I visit this memory more than all others.” Cas explains. Once he’s done he presses his lips together.
“Dean…are yo-you annrrgy again?” Cas asks, voice just a whisper and very slurred.
“Are you sure?” His voice also hesitant.
“This is all a quite unique assortment of items. This is old magic. As old as me, if not older. I can feel it.” She looks back at Sam, and purses her lips. “I haven’t seen this type of magic since the Old Country, and this is different, the likes of which I’ve not seen before.”
He smiles sideways at her but focuses on Twyla. They need more information if they’re going to find out what’s really going on. Sam’s on it and is already casually chatting with Twyla when Dean refocus on them.
Dean looks around. The remaining members of the coven are standing, not putting up a fight now that what they’ve been worshiping for generations seems to be gone. It’s really over. He looks over at Cas and smiles. The dumbass doesn’t even have a scratch on him this time. Cas looks back at him, squinting.
If Dean was currently talking to Cas, he’d help his brother out, but instead he thinks now would be a good time to make those pancakes he’s been obsessing over.
“Do you ever think about all the knowledge this bunker holds? How little we know, how much there is to explore in these books? Sometimes I realize how little time we have to learn so much.”
. They are skin-to-skin now. Dean can feel how hot—how
“The sign, Sam! Jesus, is that for real?” Dean gapes as they drive by.
Without responding, Cas continues to stare at the water in front of them. Dean notices air bubbles form. They get bigger and bigger until a slimy, serpentine creature emerges onto the land. Dean swallows, realizing what he’s witnessing.
“Same?”
Sam’s face is having a battle between disgruntled contempt and gleeful joy. The joy wins out.
“That sounds like a nice idea, Dean.”
“Then it’s settled. We’ll tell Sam together.”
“Welcome home, Cas.” Jack returns, and they hug.
“You were something.”
Twyla is chatting away while Sam reads. Dean nods accordingly but isn’t paying too much attention.
Johnny stares at both of them, uncertain how to proceed. He eventually adds, “There’s no judgment here at the Schitt’s Creek Motel. All are welcome! Are you two just traveling through town on vacation?”
"Okay, let's just take a breath here for a second." He turns Cas completely to face him, gripping his other shoulder in the process. "We'll figure this out."
“It was weird being the old me.”
So the three of them pile back into the Impala and drive around Schitt’s Creek and on to Elmdale. Dean and Cas drop Sam off in town to rent his own car and head back to their final destination.
“She’s under our spell, to do our bidding, to keep the town safe. Every generation, we find a new helper. It is custom.”
“Long story. Listen, Cas, I need you to know something. You said some things last night that you probably don’t remember, and it made me realize that I’ve been unfair to you.” Dean pauses and collects his thoughts. “For so long, I’ve been trying to fit this mold, this idea, of who I should be. You came along and upended so much of what I believed. God, the world, what it means to trust and —you’re my family, Cas. You’re --you’re more than my family. You’re not a burden. If anything, you’ve brought a light into my life I didn’t know I needed. I need you to know that when I get mad, it’s because I’m worried. And… and I’m worried because you mean
Instead, he turns off the water and stands in the shower, head bowed, eyes closed, just breathing. After a beat, he reaches for a towel, slips into his Dead Guy robe, and pads back to his room.
Dean’s face goes soft at those words. He understands them now. This shorthand between them works. Maybe one day three other words might flow freely between them, but for now, Dean’ll take them; he’ll take what he can. Dean loosely wraps his arm around Cas’s middle. They’re not quite cuddling, but a bubble of safety envelopes them.
Dean can feel the eye roll punctuating his blunt response.
Dean follows her, making a complete circle, watching her every move. His brain is short-circuiting. He knows he’s just standing there, mouth agape, unable to hear Johnny. Unable to process Cas sideling up next to him.
Dean’s stomach does somersaults. He likes it, too.
“It’s nothing. It’s been a long day. Right?”
He walks for a long time. He talks to Cas in his mind. He doesn’t realize he’s doing it at first, but he finds it comforting. He feels there’s a purpose in it, mentally telling him things about Chuck and Jack. It keeps him occupied as he walks further and further into nothing. Eventually, he starts to apologize.
Cas drops his arm, pulling Dean away from his thoughts. He hand settles in Dean’s, fingers intertwining. Dean looks down, eyes wide. His heartbeat ratchets up a notch. He looks back up at Cas, mouth slightly agape. What is he doing?
Twyla nods, looking intrigued but confused.
“Okay, that doesn’t really answer things. I’m guessing we’re not in the Dagobah system, so where are we?”
, Dean thinks. His mind kind of short circuits and he drops his arm. His fake smile falters a bit.
It’s a chilly night though, and his grace, fading to near non-existence after healing the boy, can’t keep the cold from seeping through his many layers. He rubs his aching hands together, closing his eyes in a brief act of gathering his strength. Eventually, he exits the truck, slamming the door behind him, and heads for the bunker.
Neil Diamond is singing a particular favorite of Cas’s. Listening to the lyrics, Cas loves to imagine their currently non-functioning fireplace alive with flame and warmth, and the two of them laying down next to it, talking and loving. He flushes and moves to turn the music down.
“Sam, what happened with you and Rowena while we were gone last week? You didn’t want to talk about it earlier and now you’re not calling her?”
Dean agrees, and maybe a road trip and another case will help him forget about the last. He doesn’t want to give Sam the upper hand though.
“Go find her, Sam. The kid and I will head back to the bunker. Meet up with us when you can.” Dean fiddles with the ring on his keys, the sudden realization of all they had almost lost making his breath hitch a tiny bit.
They still have several hundred miles to go before reaching their destination when Sam speaks up.
“Damnit, I forgot my bathroom bag at home.”
“I’m glad that Jack has you and Sam to show him what a home is. I…look at all there is for him to know,” he says as he gestures with his other hand at the library shelves, “And knowing he’ll always have the two of you to guide him is important.”
Dean heads inside to the motel office, which doesn’t appear to have been updated in forty years. There’s wood paneling and kitschy country decorations plastering the interior. Most noticeably, there’s a giant stag painting hanging behind the desk. The desk is off to the right and there’s a small couch and concierge table with coffee and cinnamon rolls tucked away in the corner. There’s a man behind the desk, sporting salt and pepper hair and wearing a suit. He looks dignified and out of place for a motel employee, if Dean stops to think about it. Then his mind clicks the pieces together. He knows that face. Or at least a much younger version. This has to be Johnny Rose. His son is the spitting image of him. Dean may have followed the international gossip sites for Alexis Rose, but he often followed the New York gossip sites for news on David Rose too. He isn’t proud of it but he doesn’t have to admit it to anyone, thankfully.
“A bug? Well, thanks for looking out for me, man, er, sweetheart?” Dean’s cheeks flush slightly at his own confused endearment. “Stevie, it’s nice to meet you. Let me take those towels from you. And as for that bug, Cas, I’m sure it’s long gone. Might as well get that mattress back on the bed.”
“Dean, it’s the legend of Deidre. She was Deidre’s caretaker. She lived in the forest and protected her from the world,” Sam says.
Sam, Eileen, and Jack are all still there. Dean wonders if time moved differently in the Empty. He can’t ponder much else before his big moose of a brother sweeps him up into a hug. He and Cas are still holding hands so his arms lay limp at his sides while he feels the bone crushing weight surround him. He realizes soon after that Cas is right there in the hug. Sam has pulled them both close and doesn’t appear to want to let them go.
The sky starts to glow and Dean loses his train of thought.
Cas senses how touched he is.
“Of course.”
“The Rose family bought Schitt’s Creek. They obviously didn’t move there —probably had never stepped foot in the place, but I found the deed to the town on some gossip site archive.” Sam pauses, looking between Cas and Dean. “Listen, I know this doesn’t seem like much, but we’ve looked into things on a lot less. If the deaths are starting again, wouldn’t it be better if we’re there to stop them?”
The world starts to shift.
Dean doesn't know what that means. Jack and Billie's plan is their only option to stop Chuck. His mind races with half-thoughts and malformed ideas on how to keep Cas in the bunker, and keep Cas safe with him. His mind draws a blank on anything concrete, and he digs his fingers into Cas's trench coat, physically willing him to stay.
Dean looks in the rearview mirror to see Twyla sitting in mute astonishment.
“Just —don’t.” There’s a pleading edge to his response.
Cas finally speaks, punching out a weak, “Dean.” His left arm grasping at Dean’s side as he turns towards the hunter. Dean lays back down so they’re facing each other --and sharing a friggin’ pillow, but whatever. There’s a secrecy in the darkness of the early morning that makes it ok, Dean assures himself.
Cas comes up beside him to peer into his bag as well. “Hmm, it appears so.” He then leans a little closer to Dean and— sniffs him? Dean pulls back.
“The Greater Good,” Dean says, mockingly. “And is an open mic night what I think it is? Improv and all that crap?”
Cas continues.
“We’re done here. Got it? Disperse. End of story.”
Dean pulls away from Cas. His eyes are closed and his breath short. He clutches Cas’s coat a fraction harder and shakes him, more in a frustrated plea than in anger. He lets his hands fall and opens his eyes then. Cas is staring at him, his face inscrutable.
Shower thoughts aside, Dean is reminded of check-in and decides to ask Cas what the hell he was doing back there.
"Dean, in case something goes wrong, and I don't make it back, there's something you and Sam need to know."
“Whatever you decide, I’ll support you.”
Startled, Cas looks up and sees Dean smirking and standing in the entryway of the kitchen. He’s slightly mussed from the day’s work, all sweaty and with a smudge of grease on his forehead. Cas wants to cradle his face and wipe it away with his thumb, and kiss him senseless.
Dean continues to look at Cas. What the hell is happening right now? Is this town for real? He’s not surprised that everyone knows everyone —and Johnny did say he’d tell Bob they were heading over, but now they’re signed up for a haunted tour of the town. Are they going to be personally escorted to the cafe across the street for a complimentary meal next?
He walks further into the dark and doesn’t stop for what feels like months. He sees nothing, hears nothing, and feels nothing. Eventually he stops and sits down. The reality of his situation is like a sinking stone in his gut. He does not cry. He begs and pleads in his mind though, desperate and hopeless.
“Let’s just say that we’ve had experience with them in the past.” Dean straightens in the seat and accelerates a little more.
“Well, it’s a good thing you’ll be there. Clearly, I won’t be of any help.” With that, he turns to walk away.
, Dean thinks.
“Dean, I was just asking Gwen and Andy here about anything interesting to do in town while we wait for the new car parts. Gwen is married to Bob and has lived in Schitt’s Creek for most of her life. She’s a wealth of information on what the town can offer in terms of entertainment.”
“I love you, Dean. So much.” Cas’s words are so earnest, so full of heart. Dean’s insides crack open a bit just hearing them.
“Husband?” Rowena interrupts.
The annoying human sensations are creeping back. He remembers them from before. Being human is hard.  At one point —when Dean and him were better, when they were friends, family even —he often thought that maybe losing his grace wouldn’t be so bad. The inconvenience of urination wouldn’t have mattered so much if he was spending his life with Dean. He rubs at his eyes, wiping the emotion away. That’s in the past now.
They’re standing in the doorframe between the war room and the library. Cas, in his trench coat and complacent demeanor, stands beside him. They watch another Dean and Cas in the library. It takes Dean a moment to place the time again. They’ve had so many conversations in the library over the years. They’ve spent so much time together, and Dean's heart clenches at the thought of never having a moment with Cas ever again. This Cas, in this time, is wearing a green shirt and red hoodie, and Dean realizes it’s when he lost his grace and was human. He also realizes that this is the moment that he kicked Cas out of the bunker and his stomach drops.
“Patrick, we have customers. Wow, how great.”
Dean’s senses that Cas is less upset and willing to listen now. It’s Dean’s chance to explain himself but he can’t make the imperfect thoughts of his mind form fully. Maybe next time he’ll take a breath before jumping headlong into saving Cas --
There’s a silent acknowledgment all around. Together the group creep silently to the barn and slip inside.
They eventually part and Dean’s hand traces down Cas’s arm, holding his hand.
“Remember when…,” Dean throws out on occasion, and Cas smiles and begs silently for the memory to appear. Dean doesn’t seem to mind when Cas looks blankly back at him. Dean gets to tell the story again, and Castiel’s heart leaps at Dean’s laughter.
Sam starts leafing through the book —it’s old, leather bound, and the pages are frail, but it’s still readable.
“I heard you baked Jack a birthday cake.”
“Whatever, Dean. You’ll thank me when we can blend into the town. Small towns, especially ones with secrets aren’t the most welcoming of places. You know that.”
“Uh, ok.” Dean gives a quick look to Cas and raises his eyebrows. What’s Sam doing? He is always quick to contact Rowena. She was at the bunker before they get back from Reno. Dean has a thought.
“It’s just on my phone. I don’t know how to make a cassette tape.”
“Well, there’s still time left in the day. Might as well get some road behind us while it's still daylight if you want.”
“What books, Dean? All your pictures are a disorganized mess on your phone.”
Dean pulls away only when he hears the whistles and slow claps from the peanut gallery. He glares at Sam and Eileen. They grin devilishly back at him.
Without letting his mind further explore that thought, he turns and walks back into the room, slamming the door behind him. Cas hasn’t moved, his face a look of grim disappointment. Dean takes a determined step towards him and crowds up to him, grabbing the lapels of Cas’s coat, desperate, knuckles white. He pulls Cas closer to him as he simultaneously pushes him back against the far wall. The momentum pushes them together when Cas hits the wall. Dean doesn’t make eye contact —he can’t. Instead, he tracks Cas’s mouth as it opens in surprise at Dean’s move.
Cas looks up at Dean and then walks towards him. He looks back down at the car, his pointer finger grazing the hood a fraction. “That sounds like a nice plan. Thank you, Dean. Let’s concentrate on this case first though.”
“This was the only thing the government left us when we lost everything.”
“Cas,” Dean pauses, slipping their hands together, “don’t ever change.”
“Okay, I was, um, really banking on your memory fritzing out over this particular drunken movie night.”
Dean takes the towels from Stevie and sets them on the table in the kitchenette.
Dean grabs his duffel and together they leave the motel, Dean trailing Cas, with a hand on his back.
“I don’t have control of the Empty, Dean. It’s different now that I’m God.”
“I’m fine Dean, and if it wasn’t for my ‘dumbass’ move, you wouldn’t have been free to take the thing out.”
“Listen! We really need to figure out what’s happening in this town. Two deaths in a week and both of them not from around here is a little weird. We should meet.”
Dean senses tension in Cas’s voice and glances back again. He is sitting up straight, eyes wide, not looking back at Dean.
Dean licks his lips and nods, continuing to rub Cas’s back, slipping his hand lower inside his jeans briefly.
“Nick woke Lucifer. He had manifested his own portal, before I killed him. He woke Lucifer but I closed the portal. Lucifer was more than likely awake, waiting for a chance to leave. When Chuck gave him the chance, he took it.”
“Thank you. That is most kind.” Cas responds.
“I’m not asking you to, Dean. I’m asking for you to trust me. The risks I take are mine to own.”
“Hmm, okay, if you’re going to be talking about books, then that’s a no for me. I will see you later.” She looks Dean up and down then and adds, “And you’ve been a nice distraction.”
Cas is in no mood to scold, and goes on like Dean isn’t an idiot, deflecting and joking. They’ve come this far at least.
“Yes. Dean, why are we in this bed together?”
FOUND GWEN AT LIBRARY.
The words echo through Dean’s mind as he walks out of the room —away from Cas. He stops just outside the room and takes a deep breath, his lungs filling, his chest expanding.
“Wait, these people were just talking about witchcraft like it was no big deal?! Have you tried talking to Rowena about this? Does she have any background for us?”
“Oh, well, I’m sorry to hear that. Go ahead and enjoy your day though, honey. I’m clearly busy here making sure this fine establishment is full to capacity and the guests are well-cared for.” That last bit he says a little louder than necessary and he glances fleetingly back at Dean and Cas.
“Exactly.”
“Hold it right there!”
, Dean thinks, and starts walking closer to the stage. He sees David and Patrick talking quietly with each other. Patrick sees him from the corner of his eye and waves. He also sees Johnny and Moira Rose and his palms start to sweat. He was hoping to not see Moira Rose again after this afternoon’s embarrassment. He’ll never get her autograph now.
Tensions are running a bit high between the two of them at the moment. They’ve been driving most of the night after a botched wraith hunt in Reno. Okay, not botched, but not perfect. They took care of things —they always do— but Dean would have preferred Sam there as well. It’s not that Cas isn’t good at the job. Quite the opposite, really. It’s just that Dean doesn’t have to constantly worry with someone else on the hunt. Or that’s the story he tells himself after watching Cas walk around the map table, sporting a bruised right cheek, split lip, and scuffed trench coat. Dean clamps down the anger and worry boiling in his gut, and dismisses the fleeting impulse to lightly graze his thumb over Cas’s split lip. Things were already tense when Cas agreed to go with Dean on this case. Sam would have eased that situation had he gone. Dean watches Cas’s jaw clench and realizes that if Sam was here now, he would ease the tension of this awkward homecoming, as well.
Cas bows his head a fraction and walks fully into the room. He takes off his coat and lays it on the table before easing up next to Dean.
David Rose.” Dean walks over to David. Flattery goes a long way with narcissists.
Cas’s hand cradles Dean’s face while their mouths move together. Dean puts his arm around Cas, quickly sliding it under his white tee, tracing the tattoos before gliding his hand over Cas’s lower back, pulling him closer.
“Do you really want to know, Dean? I can tell you. I can tell you everything. Will that bring you comfort?” Jack asks.
“You’re the haunted woods tour guide?” Cas asks.
“You dare come to our town —the town we’ve been protecting for over one hundred years, and destroy all that matters?”
“Seriously, are you okay? You seem distracted.” He reaches out to tame a stray tuft of hair. He lets his hand linger a second longer than he should before dropping it to his side again. He does that more now, the lingering touches. He realizes they both do, and something deep inside him churns.
“Hey, hey, you’re awake.”
Dean smiles.
Cas smiles at Dean and nods. “That sounds like a good idea, if you’re not too tired. I can always drive, if you’d like to rest.”
Dean wants to revel in the sheer expanse of the cosmos but he surmises that there are just some thoughtful, dawdling conversations to save for when he’s around his brother. Nevertheless, he’s not going to let this evening pass without a little pointless contemplation.
The words come out reflexively. He means every word, but he also means more. His mind is afloat though and he’d rather save that conversation for another day. Dean doesn’t want to think; he doesn’t want to talk. He’s safe, he’s whole, he’s free of Michael, and he’s with Cas. He’s not dwelling on the past. He knows those words are cheap, and feels Cas’s unspoken dismissal beside him. He opens both eyes, turning to face Cas fully.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, reaching out to touch his shoulder. “What are we doing?”
Dean licks his lips and rubs his hands down the length of his jeans as he stands. He’s just a couple feet from Cas now and decides to close the distance and join him on the bed. They’re not quite touching but Dean can see the stubble on Cas’s jawline and the slight crinkles around his inquiring eyes.
“Wait, I know you. You’re David Rose —
Dean looks back —he keeps doing that— hearing the hint of resignation in Cas’s voice. He’s just agreeing with whatever the plan is, not giving input of his own. What does his tone mean? Does he want to be fake married to Dean? Dean’s agreeing to go along with Cas’s original idea.
“You could have at least got her number for after.”
Dean doesn’t have it in himself to roll his eyes, or even pull away. He just stares at Cas, allowing him to continue, allowing him to connect and comfort. “I thought I’d lost you, Dean. I thought you were gone. It seemed that nothing that Sam, Jack, or I could do could save you. But we won, and you’re here now, next to me.”
Sam slows the Impala, but doesn’t stop.
He remembers the mixtape Dean made him.
Jack did it. As he stands in the street, watching the people around them, laugh and talk and smile, Dean can’t help but feel a burst of elated joy for the first time in a long while. The kid saved the world. They are free.
"I'm sorry I --"
Dean mentally curses himself. He’s sitting next to God.
“But let’s say that’s what’s happening. Who are the witches indebted to —and why?”
“Uh, no. No, I haven’t. Wasn’t sure if we should involve her in the case.”
Cas comes close again, this time bringing his face to Dean’s to whisper, the rough bristles of his stubble rubbing against Dean’s cheek.
Dean doesn’t know what to say, doesn’t know how to convey to Cas how grateful he is that he is here with him now. They’re together. Dean admits to himself that maybe he can’t find the words because he doesn’t think he deserves this attention. He doesn’t deserve the sacrifices made to save his sorry ass. An inchoate, small voice in the back of his head whispers that he does --and Dean squashes it without pause.
“Of course.”
Bob’s set mercifully ends and the crowd starts murmuring more with each other.
“Dean, go clean up. I’ll look for Sam.”
“Bite your tongue, boy.” Rowena threatens, as she walks towards Twyla, looping their arms together. “C’mon, sweetie, you’re about to watch a grand witch and her minion hunters rescue an angel and free this town from all things that despair it.”
Dean and Sam look at each other. “We’re going to need you to come with us. Now.” Dean demands as he heads for the door.
If a portal can be opened, an angel can leave. Why couldn’t Cas just leave if Jack opens the portal? He’s frigging God. This shouldn’t be so hard.
“Cas?” he shouts in a whisper.
“Okay, okay, that’s enough Mr. Funnypants.” He starts walking over to the bed to rifle through his duffel. “We’re here on business. It’ll be a great opportunity to get a good shot at finding the witch.”
Together, they scamper a couple hundred yards to the large shade tree. Cas arrives a few seconds after Dean and he doesn’t stop at the base of the tree, but instead sprints ahead.
The man stops then and realizes he doesn’t recognize Dean or Cas. His mouth falls slightly agape and it’s then that Bob interjects.
Dean grumbles but grudgingly follows the other squirrel. He hates running.
Cas ignores his question. Instead he states, “You were trapped in the dungeon together for a bit, I hear.”
“That’s why Sam’s in charge of research. He’s the only one with a head big enough to hold it all.”
. Dean pulls away from Cas to grab his phone and feels the drying stickiness between them.
“Yeah, right. Use your angel mojo and we’ll crack this in no time.”
The tension drains from Dean in that moment, and he pulls Cas into a long hug. He eventually pulls back, and says, “C’mon, let’s finish this pie.”
“I want to be where you are, Dean. I want to be with you, always, if you’ll have me.”
Cas smiles, in what Dean thinks is a light invitation for him to escape the conversation. He’s not dismissing Dean though, and Dean presses on.
“I know.” Cas looks at Dean, and continues. “I loved you even then, Dean. It’s a waste to admit it now, I realize, but I would have done anything to protect you, allow you to live free.”
“And...?” Dean is starting to feel like he never woke up and he’s in some kind of dream. Sam is making no sense.
And before the aching awkwardness can seep in, Dean answers, “We saved each other. Now what do I have to do to get some coffee around here?”
His sleep is troubled. He dreams of sad, blue eyes and black chaos. He dreams of empty silence and nebulous wishes just out of reach. He wakes tired, eyes sandy and mouth dry. He lays in bed awake for an eternity, an arm draped across his face. He breaths. He’s free, but what now? Sam’s promise is unattainable. A normal life feels like a hopeless dream.
He hardens his thoughts and looks around for someone new to talk with. From the corner of his eye he sees Cas and Gwen talking. Cas is holding two glasses of wine. Darn, no liquor then.
Dean found a job as a mechanic for classic cars. He tells Cas that maybe he’s not a rock star, but it’s honest work. With his salary, they can afford the little two-story fixer-upper with oak trees in the front yard, and a grill on the back deck. Cas, still adapting to the basics of being human, again, stays home and learns the basics of home repair. Repairing cracked plaster and broken floorboards is soothing and oftentimes he feels that, with every brushstroke of paint on the wall, his new life falls a little more into place.
Dean grabs Cas’s shoulder and pulls him around so they are face to face. He swallows and silently pleads for Cas to answer him. Cas looks sideways at the scene again before he continues.
closer than normal, if Dean is honest with himself. He calms himself and repositions his hand, and looks at Cas.
Sam and Dean share a knowing glance at each other, eyebrows raised. Someone should probably tackle that situation, but it isn’t going to be them today.
“We’ve been down this road before, Cas, and won. We got Mom and Jack back. I --I got you back.” He gulps, looking away, shame rising at that admittance. It gets easier the more he says it though. He licks his lips before looking down at Cas again.
“Really?” Dean looks pleased.
“Dean, look at me.” Cas demands.
, Dean thinks to himself. A small part of him wells with pride.
“Dean, it’s okay.”
“Don’t.”
“No man. Fuck. Just…just enjoy your bath. I can come back. You, ah, stole my idea.”
There was a pause from both of them, and then almost instantly, they both asked, “What’s going on there?”
They both creep up the stairs, the wooden steps groan with their weight. There’s a wooden door in the ceiling that Dean slowly lifts. It’s even darker in the hayloft. It’s wide open and very high-ceilinged. There’s nobody up there. There is, however,  an elaborately decorated altar. Sam runs back down the stairs to summon both Cas and Rowena. The four of them head for the altar.
“Dean, I’ve seen this town somewhere recently.” Sam points at the paper.
“Yes, Dean. I needed an excuse to come to your room. I never wanted to give that precious gift back, but, well, you were so mad at me. I didn’t think it meant what I thought it meant after all. I needed that gun as well. Two birds…”
Fuck.
“I don’t know. Working a case together, maybe.”
“You finding me useless is ‘extra crap’?”
“Oh, no, no, no, not in town, just outside of town. Apparently Roland was talking to Terry while I was dropping off paperwork to Ronnie, and Terry mentioned they had to respond to a call from Elmdale about an ‘incident’, which then Roland learns was a suspicious death. But don’t worry, it turns out the man wasn’t from Schitt’s Creek, and I’m sure it’ll all be a funny antidote at next week’s town board meeting. Roland had to head out for the ultrasound with Jocelyn, so he couldn’t chat long.”
“Cas…”
After a brief hug, she turns to leave. “Well, I won’t keep you then. This fine looking, if not sartorially challenged, young couple seem to want to stay here. Any devotee of Vivien Blake deserves the best treatment after all.” She winks as she walks past Dean. Dean almost has to grab onto Cas’s arm to steady himself, but somehow manages to stay upright.
“It’s a witch.”
"Of course, Dean."
“Great,” Dean mutters.
Once Sam leaves, Dean just looks around the room, his eyes eventually settling on Cas. He’s still standing by the table, fiddling with the little hex bag.
Cas grins and responds, “Maybe.”
“Enjoy the stars, Dean. Enjoy the moment,” Cas insists, turning to fully look at Dean now. They stare at each other. Dean looks down, licking his lips, feeling a light, fizzy yearning form, yet not sure they should break the easy familial mood. He watches Cas’s eyes lower too and knows that he’s not alone in his thoughts. Dean’s breath hitches slightly, the stars forgotten for both of them.
“Hey, we, uh, we thought we’d come back here tonight.” Sam announces, as they wander down the wrought iron stairs.
“You good, Jack?” He pauses to lick his lips, and continues. “You know, with this whole God thing?”
He looks at Cas, wanting to ask him why it’s important to point that out now, and not the opposite before. What happened to just flowing with the conversation? Not drawing attention to themselves? He glowers at Cas and turns back to a waiting Bob.
“No Dean. I'm an angel. There are no celestial mysteries to me. You should ask if you ever need to know these answers.” Cas’s response, dry and oblivious to Dean’s real intent of mindless conversation, makes Dean chuckle.
“I’m hardly a ‘chosen angel’, Dean. Chuck can barely talk to me.” He sighs, and reiterates what he told Dean before. “My grace is fading. I’m no angel.”
Crowley speaks to Cas, oblivious to the fact that Cas is also talking with Dean. Dean wants to punch the smug bastard, tell him to leave Cas alone. He wants to run to his other self and shake him awake —make him stop Cas from leaving with the demon. He’s helpless though. He can only watch, silently, hopelessly.
There's so much more to say, and do, but Dean thinks it can wait for a bit. Letting go and being with Cas is just the start of bigger things ahead.
“So, who did that to you last night? It happened in the town limits, not the usual MO.”
“We have to order most parts from Elm Grove. It’ll take a couple of days. What can I get for you?”
“Are you sure?”
“What do you mean? There’s been another death?”
“Are you taking a bubble bath? What are you doing home?”
“Yeah, I guess. Are you…what’s going on, Dean? Jack, are things okay?”
Dean closes his eyes in worry again. They have each other now and that’s enough, he tells himself.
“Dean, you’re still with me.”
“I know.”
Chaos kind of erupts at that point when Dean hears from behind him a startled Twyla gasp, “Gwen?”
“Of course, Dean.” Cas squeezes, and drops his hand.
Dean feels his cheeks flush from the memory. He made that thing after Cas nearly died from Michael’s lance, from their battle with Ramiel. After Cas told him he loved him the first time —when he couldn’t say a word or even look at him in return. He knew what those words meant back then, and he couldn’t acknowledge them. So, he made the tape for Cas. He thought that maybe when Cas traveled, when he was gone —he was always gone—that maybe he’d like to listen to something that reminded him of Dean. He thought that by giving a part of himself to Cas, he might make it clear that things were reciprocated.
The shower did him some good, and as he dresses, he sheds the clouded thoughts that plague him. He’s still pissed at Cas, but a big breakfast and finding his dingbat brother seems to be higher on the priority list now. He dons his favorite green henley and a pair of lounge pants. If he can help it, he’s doing nothing more than eating, sleeping, and binging movies, in that order, for the rest of the day.
Barely audible, Dean mutters, “I’m a big fan.”
, Dean counters —he could stay like this indefinitely, depending on the spell.
Dean looks into the rearview mirror to see Cas looking up, directly back at him. He has clearly stopped reading the old papers and is showing interest in Sam’s idea.
“C’mon, Cas. I don’t know what I’m doing here but I came to take you back to the bunker.”
Dean needs to check in with Sam. Schitt family curse? Another death? He wonders how well the research in Elmdale is going and whether Sam has visited the library in Schitt’s Creek as well. They’ve got another death on their hands. It seems it’s another person passing through town as well. It fits the pattern, if they can call it that.
"Road trip? Is that what the young folks are calling honeymoons these days?” He winks at Dean conspiratorially.
The night warm, Dean had shed his usual flannel and was clad in just a t-shirt. Cas was still seriously over-dressed in his suit and trench coat. Dean thinks that one day he’ll get him to accept a new wardrobe, but until then, it’s a familiar sight, comforting and practical as Cas himself.
“Hnnmmmhhm.” Cas proceeds to drape his arm around Dean —still facing him. Dean has to manipulate him sideways and starts to slowly head for the door. He looks around one final time but the people in the room seem blissfully unaware of what’s happening.
He needs to work. He sees this now, and with it comes interacting with Dean. He doesn’t expect more. He’s here to work with Sam. He read the texts. He knows Sam holds no ill will towards him. He knows Sam is still a friend.
“Room for two, please,” he says again, and smiles at Johnny, fake, his mouth hurting slightly.
“I sense no magic in this town, Dean. It’s quite perplexing.”
“Jack, there’s something…something more I was wondering about.” Cas looks at his once adopted son and squints.
“Mmmhhn, nothing. What are you doing?” Cas kneads Dean’s ass and slides his hand up to his lower back again.
“Cas, where are we?”
Cas smiles softly, and Dean melts, his guilt ebbing like the water before them.
Cas looks down, indignant, and runs his open palms down the length of his torso, making Dean inexplicably sputter even more.
. Dean fills Cas in on the little information that Sam was able to collect while he drives.
Sam smirks a bit.
Cas, still clearly distracted, doesn’t smile at the joke. Dean senses there’s more going on than Cas is telling him —more than missing research lectures with Sam at least. He reaches out to lightly touch the back of Cas’s hand as it absently shifts back and forth across the aged pages.
In that moment, in the quiet of night and the liminal space of peace, Dean resolves to use words that so rarely surface in their world. He clenches his hand around the sheet, and then smoothes it down as he licks his lips and clears his throat. Cas means the world to him. He doesn’t know what he would do without him (he knows he’s a spiralling disaster without him ) and he never wants to feel that again. He owes it to Cas to tell him that every now and again.
Dean takes the water back from Cas and swallows thickly —his eyes sting slightly. Why would Cas think he’s a burden? Dean needs Cas. If anyone’s the burden, it’s Dean.
Cas sees Dean’s face flush a tad and smiles. He kisses him then, slow and soft. The temptation to be close after a long day is too much. He moves one hand to cradle Dean’s face, his fingers carding through his short hair, his thumb grazing the stubble on his cheek.
— everywhere. And there’s Sam, on a step stool, rifling through a box in the far corner of the room.
“Thank you, Jack.” Cas beams, a beatific smile shines on his face.
But this
Dean feels sick realizing every wasted moment, every misunderstood conversation, every missed touch. They’ve been dancing around each other for so long. He needs to get Cas out of here. If he doesn’t they’ll both be lost in this spiral forever.
Sam snickers but keeps driving.
Dean just smiles again. He’s not quite ready to believe Cas, but damn if he doesn’t make a mean case for their future.
Passing his hands over his face, his mind wanders back to the final moments of the fight —and Cas. God, he was so stupid. Dean had the thing —he had it! And Cas just
“Sam, I think you broke her.”
“I don’t know. I just wish the dummy would say something for me. “ He laughs and continues, “Maybe he can just find us in the kitchen one morning and I’ll tell him to deal with the new normal, and that’ll be that.”
“Dean, this place…is amazing. The air is clean! The grass is fresh! This tree, I think it’s a walnut tree? My god, we’ll eat like kings. Look at all the green seedlings on the ground!” Cas exclaims, giddy with wonder.
“Why yes, you’ll want to go to Bob’s Garage. Bob Currie owns the space, and I can give him a ring if you’ll be needing a tow.”
“Well, I’m heading over to help Sam and Eileen on a new case later, so I think we’re even.”
“Well, maybe it couldn’t do what it was made to do —kill me. We should call Rowena to get her help.”
“Dean.” Cas fumbles for an explanation.
“It’s just, nothing ever changes here. People leave town and their lives get better. People stay here, their lives go nowhere. The Rose family though, they’re making this town better.”
“Long story. It —the whole thing made me realize that no matter how futile things may seem, they’re not. Someone has to fight for this fucked up world. Who better than us?”
“Dude.”
“Sam.”
“If that lore is true, this is different. Leabharcham wasn’t evil. She was a wise old woman and caretaker. I’m guessing this bit of lore has been corrupted in the new world”
“Well, your party’s over. We’re shutting you down.”
“How are you, Dean?”
They lay there peacefully for a couple of minutes. Dean wavers between the darkness of sleep again and feeling the effects of caffeine deprivation. He doesn’t want this quiet peace to end, but Cas shifts and lays a kiss on his cheek. He slips out of the bed and dresses silently in the dark. Before leaving, he turns at the door and tells Dean, “Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone.”
Dean smiles and kind of leans into Cas. “We have been through a lot in the last ten years.” He looks over at Cas almost bashfully, but when he looks into Cas’s eyes, he lifts his chin, his voice deeper with emotion, and more boldly admits, “You once said that these years with us were the best years of your life.” He pauses, the words stuck, and quickly adds, “Same.”
All thoughts scatter to the wind as Cas’s tongue slides along his own, as Cas nips at his lower lip, as Cas’s hand moves from tracing his cheek to tugging at his hair. It’s not painful, but tears gather at the corners of Dean’s closed eyes anyway, threatening to fall.
“Jesus, Dean, find a part that’s easy to fix that you’d have to order. This’ll give you guys an opportunity to explore the town, get to know the people. Meanwhile, I can get research done in Elmdale. Schitt’s Creek has a small library too, so I’ll be around but I think we’ll blend in better if we split up.”
“I made you a playlist,” he admits.
“You’re right.” They’re still holding hands. Cas is still staring at their hands. Dean’s still staring at their hands. He can’t let go for some reason.
echoing in the back of his mind.
He squeezes Cas’s hand, deciding in that moment that maybe he needs to embrace the cover. It’s just an act, right? The town just watched them have a lover’s spat and now they’re going to see them make up.
It feels real being this close to Cas. It feels real to want this. A flash of Chuck’s shit-eating grin passes through Dean’s mind, and something deep inside him twists, making him catch his breath.
“Honey, let’s not bother the man with a request for a completely unnecessary addition to the room. A spare set of towels is all that we require, sir.” Cas’s smile is absurdly fake. Dean would burst out laughing at his attempt at acting if he wasn’t currently pissed that Cas just did that.
Most days he can let go of the fog of his past. Learning of Chuck’s fate —and Jack’s, was enough. Coming home and settling in with Dean was enough. Discovering new ways to be with Dean was more than enough.
Dean hears the tone in Cas’s voice, and looks back. He’s standing in the doorway of the library, his look darker. Dean feels guilt crawl down his gullet and pauses his frustration with Cas for the moment. Cas was only doing his job. He was in no more, or less danger on this hunt than any other one. Why is Dean so worked up about it? More important, why doesn’t Cas just heal himself?
“No, but let’s do this,” Dean responds.
“I’m sorry about Mary,” Cas returns.
Dean rolls his eyes at Cas’s little eyebrow lift. It never fails to send fireworks echoing through his gut. Cas is challenging his lame attempt at communication. In that moment Dean forces himself to realize that he owes Cas more. Cas is his chosen family --hell, he’s more than family, a small voice admits.
Dean’s sitting at his desk chair in his room. He looks at Cas, standing in the liminal space of his bedroom doorway, not quite in the room. He’s awkwardly standing with his hands in his trench coat pockets, like he’s guarding himself, like he’s preparing himself to leave now that he’s caught up on the latest Winchester drama.
“You’re killing me. Of course you’d find some 70 year old boring newspapers exciting,” Dean interrupts.
With all his effort, he moves around to loop Sam’s arm around his shoulder and hoists him up. He lifts Eileen with his other arm, and once standing she’s able to move on her own accord. Together, they’re able to get Sam back through the portal. There’s no time to explain, or signal what his plan is, so he prods Eileen through as well. The last thing he sees is her stunned face as Sam stirs on the floor, before turning and looking back into the black abyss.
“Dean?” Sam asks, echoing Eileen’s concern.
“I won’t apologize for worrying.”
“This is my wife Jocelyn, and I’m Roland Schitt, mayor of this fine town.”
“I didn’t.”
Dean wishes it is, but when they part, the doubts start to fray his mind once again.
“What?” he asks.
Dean steels himself, wanting in earnest to know what Cas is thinking. He puts a tentative hand on Cas’s, and scoots an infinitesimal inch closer, his knee grazing Cas’s bare leg.
“I can be a tourist, Sam. Niagara Falls is one of the most breathtaking phenomena on the planet. I have visited it many times and could pretend I was just there.”
“Yeah, best buds.” Dean put his hand out on the seat between them and Cas put his hand on Dean’s. Dean squeezes and keeps it there.
Dean is in the presence of Vivien Blake.
Before anything more is said, Twyla shows up.
“Do you get a lot of tourists through the area? This seems like such a sleeper town to sustain a classy joint like this.”
"Jack's just a kid. Yeah, he's a kid with powers no one can begin to understand, but he doesn't deserve this fate. You're right to find a way to save him. Maybe this path of vengeance is the wrong way."
“Hi there, I’m Bob. How can I help you two fellows?”
“Jack, you did good, y’know? You...you saved the world. I’ve been in a bad place for a long while, and well, I —I’m sorry. I was spiraling pretty bad. I think a lot of my anger and confusion was misdirected at you, and you didn’t really deserve it.”
Dean looks at Cas after they disappear down the road.
“Tell me.” He practically whispers.
“Whatever it was wouldn’t kill you because you’re an angel. They didn’t know that.”
Mind swirling, Dean doesn’t feel Cas’s hand move --tickling him aggressively on the sensitive skin under his arm.
Before he can correct him, Johnny barrels on with their check-in information. Room 4, it turns out, is the room where the dead guy was staying, so at least they have that in their favor. The bad news, it has one bed.
The silence haunts him.
“Yeah, okay, uh, we’ll catch up with you guys soon,” Sam responds. He looks at Dean once more, almost ready to say something else. Dean clenches his jaw and Sam averts his eyes and clears his throat. He looks at Jack one more time before jogging away.
They stare at each other.
Is this spell getting worse? Cas can’t die. Can he?
Cas doesn’t know if Dean is sorry for his harsh words or for Cas losing his grace. Either way, it’s overwhelming. Knowing Dean wants him by his side is overwhelming.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean brings his hand up to grip the side of Cas’s neck. He stares at Cas for a long while, and then looks away, laughing slightly. “C’mere,” he says, and they kiss again, slowly.
Dean clears his throat and starts to fiddle with his bathroom bag. Shit, why did he just breathe out Cas’s name like that?
Dean rescued Cas from the Empty. He remembers that. He remembers Dean’s words as well.
The place freezes and Dean retrains his gun on the few who crept closer to him and Sam.
In a blink, Dean finds himself the one against the wall. Cas moves into his space, kissing him. It’s searing, passionate, and Dean can’t help himself. He whimpers a tiny bit and opens his mouth, kissing Cas back.
It doesn’t matter anyway because suddenly Cas moves closer to Dean and kisses him. It takes Dean by surprise, but he catches on pretty quickly and kisses him right back. It’s full of the unspoken words Dean can’t form. They pull apart to catch their breath, heads close, both looking down. Dean is feeling a bit bashful, if not exuberant over realizing that Cas knows exactly what he’s trying to say. He doesn’t have much time to overthink the moment. Cas moves in to kiss him again, pushing him to his back.
It wasn’t until Dean and he had left the bunker, moved to Lawrence, and settled into a life away from their past, that Castiel started to wonder about missed memories.
“Dean, cars can’t have offspring.” Cas chides as he continues to walk around the car, looking in the windows, smile wide.
Cas does hear him though, and stares, not sure how to proceed. He brings his hand up to Dean’s face, cradling his jaw, feeling the stubble there. His thumb moves across his cheek slightly.
“You’re supposed to be kissing me, not worrying about tomorrow.”
“What?”
She hums cheerily and leaves as Sam and Twyla agree to meet outside in five minutes.
Dean looks around. He’s standing in deep mud by a lake that glistens, its surface as dark as oil. There’s a large forest behind him, ferns and other vegetation bloom all along the lake edge.  Cas is next to him. He looks the same. His hair is mussed. His hands are in his trench coat. He’s looking at Dean with an indifferent smile on his face. Dean feels his insides crumple at the sight of Cas.
“Dean, I want you t-,” he pauses, shifting his thoughts mid-sentence. “I messed up again. No wonder you find me a burden in your life.” The last bit was almost said to himself.
“What just happened?” Dean asks.
“I don’t care, man. I’m tired. I’m hungry. These papers look like they’re from the 1950s.”
Dean clears his throat and decides to ignore his outburst.
Dean heads to the bathroom, new toiletries in hand, and makes quick work of a real shower this time. He dresses and spikes his hair just right —no sense in looking messy for their date —wait, do married people date? —why did he think this was a date? He shakes his head and looks at himself in the motel mirror, dismissing his train of thought. Cas is his best friend and they’re working a case. This whole fake-marriage thing is just messing with his brain. He can’t help but admire how honest and open David and Patrick were in their store though. What a world they live in —certainly not a world Dean knows.
Cas has a point.
Feeling the moment deserves something more, he looks up at Cas then and walks to him. He cups his face with both of his hands and draws Cas in for a quick kiss. He pulls back just enough to mumble thanks again before kissing him again, this time a little longer. This time Cas kisses back. They stay that way for a while, bodies close, lost in the feeling of each other’s lips and scruff and hands and breath. Cas pulls away briefly at one point and comments, “We really do enjoy kissing.”
Together they end up where the water laps gently onto smooth and untouched mud. A breeze picks up and Dean hears a faint rumble of thunder in the distance.
Dean looks at the rest of the coven. They’re whispering to each other. He makes his way over to them and looks them over.
David’s face scrunches up a bit —-or well, Dean doesn’t know what it’s doing really.
The four of them start to move closer to the group of witches.
Dean squints at her, ready for a quick rejoinder.
“I always need you.” It slips out, almost by accident.
“Cas, you’re here, too. Good. I think I found something connected to those newspapers. Or rather, I remembered where I read about that town.”
“Self-preservation.”
Dean eats his breakfast alone, Cas having read that he’s not wanted around, and Sam busy with his research for Rowena. He also follows through on his promise to sleep through an entire season of Game of Thrones. He’s asleep on the couch in the Dean Cave before the opening credits end on the first episode.
Sam enters. He’s wide awake, refreshed, and Dean feels a pang of jealousy in his gut but brushes it aside.
“They’ll make it. Jack got us through. He’ll find Sam and Eileen and get them through as well. I know it.” Cas touches Dean’s shoulder in reassurance.
Cas starts walking around the table, picking up assorted items and carefully putting them down again.
“When did you get this?”
“What the fuck?”
Sam is waiting for them, somehow breaking into their room —
Once the four of them are alone, Sam and Rowena quickly decide that they’ll travel back to the bunker in Rowena’s car. They share quick smiles with each other and make their goodbyes, driving off together, leaving Dean and Cas to ponder once again what’s going on there.
Dean blinks hard, and presses his thumb and forefinger into his eyelids. He clears his throat and moves to stand up. Sam and Eileen set their stuff down in the library.
“Cas, no, it’s...” Sam trails off.
Dean, still sleepy, stifles a yawn and grins. “What about
“What happened, Dean?”
Cas leans over a bit and plants a sweet kiss on Dean’s forehead. They both breath peacefully for a couple of moments. Cas slides closer, rutting against Dean slightly, with no real intentions.
“Well, according to the internet, they didn’t disappear from everywhere. They moved to the town of Schitt’s Creek, the only thing the government let them keep.”
That got a chuckle from Gwen.
“Sammy, Sammy, come on, get a picture of me and Cas. This one’s for the books.”
“When we first got to the motel. I recognized her and thought you’d like one of your favorite television star’s autographs.”
“Got it. See you later.”
"Jack's deal with Death, it…it will kill him. I have to find a way to stop it. I can't watch him die again." Cas huffs out a breath at that statement, and turns to walk away from Dean.
“Okay, okay, alright, c’mon. We’re good. We’re here.” Dean grumbles.
There is a moment of silence while Dean gathers his thoughts for his next argument when Sam adds as an after-after thought, “And now you can’t flirt with Alexis Rose.”
Which is why Dean’s response is probably one of the dumbest things he’s ever done, outside of eating kale that one time. “Yeah, with a gaggle of tourists and a murderous creature on the hunt for fresh blood.”
Dean starts to move around the kitchen’s island to stop him, like he should have before.
“Mr. Rose, I was wondering if you could direct me to the nearest car repair shop. My car seems to be, uh, experiencing some issues and I’d like to order some parts. Maybe work on it a bit before we hit the road again.”
Dean recognizes Bob from the garage, currently on the stage. His rendition of Howl is like nails on a chalkboard, but people seem to still be enjoying themselves. Must be the booze, Dean thinks. He also sees quite a few other people from town that he knows.
Dean gestures towards his bed, and half-laughing, he says, ”Sit. Jesus, man, you’re making me nervous.”
“C’mon Cas, let’s go find our family.”
“Twyla, this is Rowena, she’s a witch and a friend. Rowena, this is Twyla, she knows more about this town and its coven than I originally thought. She’s here to help.” He then looks expectantly over at the waitress. “You up for this?”
Dean flushes, and pours another couple fingers of liquor for him to nurse. He feels the hope slipping away, and his eyes well with tears. Dean doesn’t look at Jack.
“You...you have changed. We’ve changed together, and I’m glad of it.” Dean looks around his room, the space more than anywhere that he calls home, a sanctuary, a safe space for confession, and continues. “Seeing that other version of you, seeing that dead stare...you were that hammer that Heaven trained you to be. I mean, man, I’ve seen you like that in the past, so many years ago, but this was still different. And if it was me and Sam that changed you, I guess…” He trails off and stares at the angel. Cas’s lips are a line, soft on the edges. He has a slight fleeting thought -one he has on occasion before cowardice or circumstances push it under -to kiss him. The kiss essentially saying what his clumsy words can’t. But he knows Cas deserves more.
“You can’t! You won’t!” Gwen yells, twisting around where she’s tied.
And as Cas sits, his head tilts slightly in the way that Dean has only come to reluctantly describe in the quiet corner of his thoughts as endearing. His hands come out of the pockets and rest on his lap, and he remains quiet.
“I…I’m sorry I said those things. I didn’t mean them, you know. You…you’re all I have. Sam, he’s, I have to watch out for him, always have. You though, we’re in this together.” Cas is startled by his words. Together?
“No, no, no. Nothing to worry about there.”
The door to the bathroom opens. It’s Dean. He’s in his robe, and he stops when he sees Cas, his hand hovering over the doorknob.
Dean moves his hand lower, resting it on Cas’s shoulder. Realizing how cheesy it is to mimic that red scar Cas left on him, he thinks to make a joke but pauses, and continues soberly, “You remember what’s important Cas. You remember me and Sam.”
It was less of an olive branch and more of a tenuous invitation to talk.
“No, I’m not.” Dean smiles, and Cas knows he’s teasing him a little, even knowing he’ll find an adaptor in the car the next time they go for a drive.
5 Months Later
Dean starts picking up jars of things, wonders what “body milk” is —do you drink it? He’s kind of in awe of the joint. The few hours they’ve spent in this town haven’t really given him the vibe that there is anything special about the place where the Rose family migrated. This place though, Dean will only admit to himself, this place has David Rose’s signature all over it. He’s secretly read enough magazines to know David Rose’s style. His mind races a bit to think that David Rose is around. The guy seems a bit weird but he’s got style. And maybe his dark hair that magically stands five feet in the air is kinda cool. Dean sneaks a quick look at Cas, his own dark hair effortlessly spiked five feet in the air, and swallows.
“Yes.” His voice holds no emotion, but Dean’s throat closes and he wants to hit something for Cas.
He thinks. He listens to Jack slowly turn the pages of his book.
“They invoked us hundreds of years ago after immigrating here from Ireland. When they’ve been driven from a home or chosen to find a new place to settle, we’ve followed, keeping the natural world around their town.”
So Dean does. He throws on his robe and stumbles his way into the library. Eileen and Jack are already there. There’s books and coffee cups strewn across the tables. They appear to have been working all night.
“Sure. What’s this all about? You have a friend that was kidnapped? And you’ve all been researching the Schitt family? I hope this has nothing to do with the coven of witches that are supposedly active now that Jocelyn is pregnant again.” She says this kind of dreamily like it isn’t the massive bombshell that it is.
“David, they’re staying at Stevie’s motel! They’re staying where you live. What a wonderful surprise.” Patrick utters the last bit a little strained, clearly trying to remain civil at David’s lack of tact.
“Right.” He stares at Cas. “So we’re fake-married then?”
“Hey, Rowena, we’ve got the book —,”
“That’s a good thing, right? I mean, we should still burn it, but less power the better I say.”
“Nothing. How’s married life?”
It was later. The dark had settled outside, and the motel room they had found for the night was quiet. Sam had left with Belphegor to find food for the brothers, leaving Cas and Dean alone. They hadn’t spoken since Dean had asked how Cas was earlier —since Dean had walked away from him, still angry.
“ENOUGH! How dare you enter this place!” His voice fills the room and silence follows. Dean, Sam, Cas, and Rowena forming a line against the remaining witches.
“Well, hello there! Welcome! Come in! Welcome, I’m Johnny Rose. Are you here to rent a room?”
They stay like that for a long while. Their bodies lined up close. Their arms tight around each other. Their faces close, and their breath on each other’s necks. Neither wants to let go. Both know that once this bond is broken, they’ll go back to the anger and resentment that drove them apart in the first place.
No words are said between them. There’s just short breaths and hearts beating fast. Dean stops kissing Cas and looks at him again. His pupils are blown wide and his cheeks are flushed. Dean groans at the sight.
Before his brain can stop him, Dean says, “David Rose?”
“This is a far better fate than I could have ever imagined, Cas. I just hope…” Dean trails off.
He surges forward, capturing Dean’s lips in a kiss. He pulls back almost as fast, startled at his impulsive move. Dean’s eyes are wide. Cas’s heart beats faster.
“I already got that covered. It seems that the motel straddles the two townships. Half of the motel is literally feet outside of town, and Room 4 falls there.”
“Hmm, I know someone like that. How does he feel about moths?”
He hears a noise and looks up to see Cas. He’s standing between the hallway and kitchen, clearly wanting to run but realizing he can’t now that Dean’s caught his eye.
After the picture, Dean is in better spirits and is actually looking forward to figuring out this case a bit. Dean thinks to himself that they’re in relatively little danger for now. Like most cases, this is the perfect time to warm up to the townsfolk, turn on the charm, and see what the poor and unsuspecting --or possibly complicit-- people can do for them. He and Cas have their cover story, and despite still feeling sick to his stomach, he knows exactly what he needs to do to Baby to give them the other part of their cover story.
Dean grunts, hearing Cas’s words. It doesn’t stop the gnawing maelstrom in his gut. He wants to say more, to argue Cas’s words. He opens his mouth to say something biting, but just lets out a deflated huff instead.
He wanders back to Cas as Patrick hands him his purchases. He can’t hear their entire conversation but hears Cas say, “Thank you, Patrick. We will certainly make every effort to come tonight.”
He feels Cas’s eyes boring into him though and looks up. His brow is furrowed, and his eyes are a more watery blue than usual. Dean looks down at Cas’s mouth to see his lips open in an expression of confusion. Dean licks his own lips and looks up again.
“Dean, I know you’re awake.”
No. Not Cas. Dean sees how he walks and holds himself and knows in his soul that it is not Castiel. It takes him a moment before recognizing that it’s Jimmy. Jimmy Novak. The poor soul that Cas possessed so many years ago.
Cas finishes up painting the living room walls and, thinking about preparing food for their evening meal, feels the silence of the house overwhelm him.
Dean strains at the words. Alexis Rose. When agreeing to go on this case, he had no real concept on how many triggers this town (and the family that owns it) would set off for him. Meeting Alexis Rose would be kind of awesome, but he was more intrigued with the gossip surrounding her international travels and drama than anything. Sure, she’s hot, but well, he’s resented her ever since her release of “A Little Bit Alexis”. That little ‘song’ got stuck in his head for weeks. And anyway, air travel really isn’t his thing.
Gwen’s car is there and Twyla guides her to the passenger seat, closing the door before heading back to Dean and the others.
"Hey, hey, slow down. What do you mean?" Dean can feel his anger rising, and swallows to calm himself. He tastes the bitter sting of whiskey, still fresh in his mouth. Cas can't walk out again. He didn't even try to find Dean before deciding to take off on this new mission. "You're not going anywhere until we talk about this."
“Please, Castiel, just talk to me. What do you want from me?”
Dean.
“This was on the vic. I think we’re dealing with not just a single witch, but a coven. I stopped by the cafe before heading here and the waitress had a lot to say about the town and its history. A lot of it was-” Sam scoffs, pushes his hair back, and continues, “it was crazy family stories, but she started talking about a second cousin who ran an Army surplus store and they were briefly married to a distant cousin of the current mayor —Roland Schitt. Then —then another woman came up to the counter and started going on and on about ‘Rollie’ and his family history, dating back to Salem.”
“It’s just too much, man.”
Dean can’t get his hopes up, but starts scrambling for the base of the tree nonetheless.
Cas’s deadpan response to Dean’s story leaves him with the usual baffled feeling, no words, just silent wonder at the angel in front of him --his angel, not that version from before.
Dean groans and watches Sam enter the room. He watches him swivel his head from him to Cas, both sitting stiffly at opposite ends of the sofa. Sam’s eyebrows raised at the sight, but the story on his tablet is too exciting for him to be distracted with the happenings in the room.
“Are you going to come back with us to the bunker?” Sam wonders.
Dean swallows, wishing he could start the last five minutes of his life over again. Maybe the witch cursed this room, he thinks. He’s not feeling alright in the least.
It’s late when they get back to the bunker, and Dean’s exhausted. He heads to his room to drop off his bag and wanders back to the library for a much needed night cap. Jack is in the corner reading a book in one of the leather chairs. Dean still can’t wrap his head around the change in Jack. He seems otherworldly now, which Dean surmises he is. It’s like he’s floating above the world while still very much moving among it.
He clears his throat and takes a step back, purposefully. "Let me change and grab my stuff."
He thinks to himself, or maybe he prays,
“I—I didn’t get to tell him I…” Dean chokes, unable to continue.
Cas is right, of course. Dean looks to the rift, nestled in the distant jumble of trees and prays that the rest of their family is there. There’s only one way to find out, he thinks, and looks back at Cas.
Both brothers start another round of laughs. Dean feels like maybe his lack of sleep is making him delirious. It isn’t that funny. The second round of laughter must alert Cas, as he walks in after a couple moments.
“I don’t know, Dean. I think he’s a powerful nephilim with a compromised soul. He’s a child and has a lot to learn about this world.” He pauses, squinting a bit and looking directly at Dean. “That’s why he has us though --why he has you. You don’t give up. And making sure this kid, as you say, grows up right? I have complete faith in you, Dean Winchester.”
“Okay, so how does that change our cover? Two FBI agents and a journalist?”
Dean isn’t going to argue with that. He is also laughing too much to care and opens the back door of the Impala to motion Cas out of the back seat. “C’mon Cas. Road trip picture time.”
The main witch fills in some more blanks.
“I only remember the beginning. I was very drunk.”
“I don’t know. I think that our bond —our love is something unnatural to the Empty. It didn’t belong there. We didn’t belong there. Thank you for saving me, Dean.”
There’s a staircase going up to the hayloft off to the left and two smaller rooms off to the right. Dean and Sam quickly check out each room to find more unused barn equipment, a milking shed, and a granary. Nothing seems to indicate that anything is amiss here. There’s a horse stable at the back of the barn, but even that is empty. Dean motions with his gun towards the staircase and starts weaving through the milking stands, carefully sidestepping stray cans and bottles. Sam follows while Cas and Rowena hang back scoping the rest of the lower level.
It’s simple. It’s heartbreaking. Dean lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding and focuses everything he has on the road ahead.
“Ok, go.” He was going to say
Sam barks out a laugh, but continues to look down. “Simple but effective. You won’t have to stretch your acting skills too much at least.”
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “I’m really spun out right now. I need you to hear me. I don’t have anyone else.”
“Um, it’s, uh, good to have you back, man. It was weird seeing the old you.”
They stay like that for a while. Cas doesn’t want to say or do anything to disturb this safe, little bubble. He feels how solid Dean is in his arms. He wants to pull him closer, absorb his fears, his anger —his grief. He can only hug him, hold him, comfort him. It’s too little.
“I have a perfect memory of that night. You sang along to every song, and told me Colin Firth was dreamy.” Cas leans back in and silences Dean’s protests with another kiss.
“No FBI, Dean. I’m thinking tourists. Maybe Niagara Falls? It isn’t too far away.” Sam pauses and clears his throat. Cas interrupts what Sam starts to say.
Dean waves her off. She just came back from nothing. She does not need his baggage.
“Dean, I have loved you for a long time. I don’t think that will come as a shock to Sam. I also know this has been something you’ve struggled coming to terms with for yourself. This is something very personal for you. I will be there for you, if you need me.”
“Dean and I were int…”
“Roland, he doesn’t know you’re joking.” Jocelyn interjects. Turning to Dean, she adds, “Ignore my husband, he’s just darn proud of the work he does at the motel --all the lawn mowing and gutter cleaning. He really likes to roll out the red carpet for all guests.” She rubs his arm and looks affectionately at the man.
He turns to watch her leave and makes eye contact with Cas. Cas’s face is neutral, but Dean’s looked into those eyes one too many times over the years not to know exactly what Cas is thinking. Exasperation at Dean’s idiocy seems to be the main takeaway. He takes a beat, gives Cas a look right back, and turns his attention back to the matter at hand, and Johnny Rose.
“We’ve descended from a group of druids and we protect this natural world for the greater good.”
“Huh, Well, I don’t think you or Cas will be making any trips in public to the morgue. I’ve overheard lots of chatter about the cute newlywed couple passing through town. What happened to the bro trip cover? Alexis is going to be so disappointed you’re taken.”
“Sam, how’s research? Got your texts. Cas and I are just getting done with the garage. It looks like you can add another body to your list.”
Dean doesn’t want it.
“No. Eileen and Sam are playing a very competitive game of foosball. I felt like I was intruding so I thought I would…wander.” The last word falls flat, awkward.
“C’mon man, we’re on a case. Imminent death is more important, don’t you think?”
Dean sees the irony of the situation, and huffs a bit. The words are out there and he can’t --won’t--  take them back. Cas and him are good, and words are important but the language between them will always be silent more than not. And just as he resolves to stop worrying and fall back to sleep, Cas whispers, “I love you too, Dean.”
“It’s not like that, Dean. Chuck did so many things wrong, but the one thing he did right was give people curiosity and wonder about their world. I suppose I could just make myself know things, but I don’t think that’s right. I learned how to research from you, Sam, and Cas. I still have curiosity and this brings me joy.”
“Yeah, I get that. I guess I want things good between us. I already had one pissed off God in my lifetime. I don’t think I can handle another.”
“I think the witch whammied you. Are you ok?”
He takes a deep breath, remembering Cas’s words. He said something else that night as he lay dying. Dean leans a little closer to Cas, his arm bracing himself behind Cas’s back. He’s fully facing Cas now but looks down, focusing on his tie, a tiny white bit of fuzz near the loose knot.
“We go to the Empty. We find Cas. We bring him back.” It sounds too simple. It sounds stupid, Dean thinks.
Dean looks sideways and stares at Cas. He feels like Cas is pushing him a little and whatever Cas is getting at, it gives Dean an uncomfortable lump in his throat. He's not ready to face this. He's not ready to be fake-married to his best friend, and he just wants to get this whole thing over with so he can go back to sleeping while binge watching Game of Thrones. He hears season eight is particularly important to sleep through.
Dean and Cas sit staring out at the endless sea, toes in the sand. With the door to their tent tied back, they watch the ocean lap languidly a couple yards away, the sand stretching endlessly on each side of them. To their left about a half mile down the beach is a pier, and an abandoned lifeguard stand. It’s the off-season, but Dean guesses this beach is too off the grid to attract beach goers even in the height of summer.
“No, Cas. Stay, please.” He clears his throat. “Please. I…I wanna clear the air between us.”
Dean huffs and looks down at his empty glass. The liquor is doing its job, and nicely. He feels warm and relaxed.
Dean signs goodnight to Eileen and glances at Jack. He’s reading his book again, seemingly ignoring everything that just happened. Dean blinks and decides to ignore Jack, and heads to bed.
Dean takes a big breath and pulls Cas into a tight hug.
Dean’s mouth falls agape and he looks up at Cas.
“We handled it. It’s no big deal. You’ve been dealing with the angels, so I think we’re more than even.”
“I, uh.” Dean blinks.
“Vivien…Vi…Vivien Bl..Blake. You’re, uh, Vivien Blake.” Dean kicks himself almost instantly after saying it, but what’s done is done. He feels everyone looking at him, even Cas, and his cheeks burn. Moira Rose. It’s Moira Rose. If Johnny Rose fed his pop culture obsession in his youth, Moira Rose fed his daily need for human drama. Sunrise Bay, the soap opera that Moira starred in for many years, was hands-down his secret and guilty pleasure. Anytime Sam was taking a nap and John was thoroughly gone from the motel, he watched, enthralled with the drama — and the slapping.
Sam looks up this time.
Then he stole the Colt.
Dean hears his words, and thinks of the sign outside of town. Then he processes Moira’s earlier comment of ‘couple’ and gets the implication that Johnny also thinks they’re a couple. Before he can stop Cas, he hears him respond.
“No, thank you.” Jack looks at Dean briefly before going back to reading his book.
Cas walks closer to Sam and the newspaper, stopping next to Dean.
a song.
The words are out there, and his breath hitches a little bit. Before he can regretfully and wrongly add “as a brother, as family, as…” Cas places both of his hands on the side of Dean’s face, pulls him in and kisses him. It’s slow, soft, and way too brief. But Cas leans his forehead against Dean after and whispers, ‘Ditto.”
“Well, the jury’s still out on this one,” Dean says, with a wry grin.
Dean continues.
“We’re on Earth about 375 million years from your time. I would come here to escape Heaven at times, watch the Earth form and change. Even during this era, I was fascinated with the world.” Cas starts to walk away from Dean, heading closer to the lake edge, his feet making a sucking noise with every step.
“I love you, Dean.”
“What movie is on the agenda for tonight?” he inquires.
“What are you doing?”
. Dean kisses Cas again and moves down his neck. If this is happening, better not to think. Cas is acting on instinct, and Dean can, too. He wants this right
“They’re not the case, or at least I hope they’re not. They’re the hook to get you to come on the case with me. There was a death at a motel in Schitt’s Creek two days ago. Older man found dead by the motel staff. No known relatives. Coroner found no foul play. It appears the guy died of a heart attack.”
Dean tosses and turns, settling on his left side, staring into the darkness of his room. He can just make out the shadowed form of Cas clad in just his undershirt beside him, distant and obscured, and too far away for contact. In reality, he’s so close Dean can smell Cas’s unique presence --ozone and sunflowers-- and he need only reach out and easily wrap his arms around the angel if he felt inclined. He doesn’t. He doesn’t dare disturb the compromise of peace they settled into this evening. Cas is here, in his room, awake and laying quietly beside him. Dean is silently thankful that he’s not wandering the bunker or worse, wandering the world alone.
“So, let’s open the portal. Do what Chuck did for Lucifer.” He’s getting excited. Why was Jack thinking this was impossible. The answer is so simple.
“Twy! Have you been holding out on me?”
Dean doesn’t know where this is coming from. Jack is a subject they don’t dare touch. He is trying to come to terms with his feelings towards Jack —for Jack’s sake —for Cas’s sake even more. Dean sees the love that Cas has for the boy, and in his quiet moments he recognizes that it’s the single guiding force helping him move forward with his feelings.
Cas knows that Dean still holds him responsible for Mary’s death. He holds himself responsible for Mary’s death.
“Come back? Where are you going?”
Dean grabs Cas's shoulder though, holding him in place. Dean's mind is racing at Cas's admission, and he can't let him leave without more information.
Dean feels the heat of Cas’s hand on his, and he swallows thickly.
“Yes, a bug. Enjoy your stay.” As Stevie leaves, Dean glances back at the bed and realizes that Stevie must have been the one that found the body. She seems to have a steely outer demeanor, but is clearly shaken by the sight of the bed.
“And what? It was a success.”
“Hey, I’m going to clean up a bit. Where’s your bag? You can change after I’m done. I’ll be sure to save you some hot water.”
He thinks about taking his drink back to his room but decides to sit at one of the library tables instead. It feels lonelier in the bunker than usual. He stares at his drink.
“Cas, listen, I’m sor—,”
“If you wanted darkness, we could have stayed in the bunker. I like our bedroom, and our home.”
“And you want me to go.”
“Dean, I’ve found a case!”
“I’ve got to call Sam. If there’s been another death, he needs to know about it. Maybe he can get to the morgue and take a look. So far, we’ve got jack, so let’s hope he’s had a more successful afternoon.”
He approaches Cas, placing his hand on his back, feeling the fabric of the trench coat on his fingertips, the solidness of his back underneath.
Dean rolls his eyes. Cas is not his brother. Dean doesn’t want to define Cas, he just doesn’t want people to think they’re brothers. He’s got one of those and one is enough.
“I’m baking a pie, if you want to join me.”
“Dean. And this is Cas.” Dean thumbs towards Cas, and Cas gives a cursory nod. “Staying a couple nights at the motel on the edge of town while I wait for parts for my -our car.”
“Will the town be ok, you think?”
“Dean, it gets better. The header says ‘Est. by Horace Schitt in 1885.
Cas pulls himself up so they’re both partially sitting up on their elbows in bed. He looks around the room, puzzled.
“Gwen was just telling me about a haunted tour that the local Daughters of Elmdale host once a month. It happens to be tomorrow evening if we are interested.”
“And?”
“No. No, I don’t want you to go. I want you to stay. I always want you to stay.” He pauses, amazed at how easy those words are voiced. Pulling back and looking Cas in the eye, he whispers quickly, “I want to tell Sam.”
“Dude, look over at Moira Rose. Sam could take some styling lessons, don’t you think? Her wig looks just like Sammy’s hair.” Dean chuckles at himself but gets no real response from Cas.
Sam stares at Dean for a beat before smiling slightly and nodding his head, looking down, away from Dean and his increasingly heated face.
Dean kisses Cas again, this time purposely deepening it. Cas opens his mouth, allowing Dean to graze his tongue along the inside his lip. Cas hums deep in his throat and Dean has a fleeting thought that these morning kisses could turn into a whole lot more --quiet bunker be damned. Cas’s hand, still on Dean’s neck starts slowly drifting lower, down his arm and under Dean’s own shirt, rucking it up a bit as he nudges Dean to lay on his back. Cas pulls away from their kiss and moves down Dean’s torso, aiming for his now exposed belly. He lays a couple kisses softly just by his bellybutton, and slowly moves his kisses lower to the edge of Dean’s boxers. Dean wanted a distraction from the direction their conversation was going, and Cas is certainly complying. Only instead of continuing this little adventure, Cas gives Dean a quick raspberry on the soft area by his hip. Dean gasps and lightly shoves Cas’s head, his hands rustling through the messy bedhead. Cas rests his head on Dean’s stomach briefly, giving him a light peck before slinking back up to lay beside Dean again.
“She’s with Sam now.”
“I’m going to hit the hay.”
Cas has a brief thought of sinking beneath the surface of the water. He just stares at Dean though, feeling ridiculous, exposed. It was a bad idea coming back to the bunker. He moves to sit up, find his towel, run from Dean’s harsh glare.
Cas wants to say that Dean has his brother, but holds his tongue, and lets Dean continue.
. David knows about the dead guy in Room Four.
Dean calls Sam and he picks up on the second ring. “Hey.”
“I don’t know. I think the witch would show themselves a lot sooner if they knew hunters were on their ass.”
“Uh, just a toothbrush and deodorant.”
Cas heads for the refreshment table and Dean notes that Bob’s wife, Gwen, is chatting with a few people he doesn’t recognize and is pouring sparkling wine for them.
Cas doesn’t know why Dean is talking to him. He wants to run back to his room —escape Dean.
They walk for an eternity, but eventually find the portal. The walk didn’t seem as long with Cas by his side, but Dean still internally sighs with relief when they reach their destination. They made it. They walk through the portal and land together in the bunker.
“And why is she here?” Cas points to Gwen, still tied up to the table.
They both laugh, and Cas adds, “I’m sure they’re just good friends.”
Dean jumps and sees Cas standing beside him. He stares at him for a bit before turning back to the other Castiel, the one rejecting Claire.
Dean scoffs, and thinks
“Dean, let’s get your stuff and get back to the motel. We have a case to work and I know how much of a burden it is to spend it exclusively with ‘a weird guy’.”
Cas looks at him and places a quick, chaste kiss on his lips that leaves Dean buzzing for a moment.
“Okay,” Dean says, but his mind is already racing five steps ahead.
“John dear, I’ve got a bit of a tete-a-tete with the Jazzagals in a bit. I’m afraid I will have to call off our usual luncheon.”
Dean pauses, and simply adds, "Yeah."
Cas breaks the kiss and Dean works his hand under his trench and suit coats, finding the small of his back. He pulls him in again, feeling the taunt muscles, firm form, and solidness pressed fully against him.
Dean’s face heats a bit, but he nods. “Stay in touch you two.”
They are waiting outside the cafe around the corner from the front at this point.
“Right.”
However, it is at this point that Cas speaks up, revealing that he knows exactly what the conversation is implying and he completely railroads their original bro-trip plan.
“Nah, I’m good. All things considered, I had a pretty restful night.”
Dean clears his throat and looks down. His hands fiddle with a loose thread on his flannel.
“No matter what God has thrown at us, you’ve been by my side. We’ve fought it all together. This world is worth fighting for. I guess I know now that this,” Dean pauses and motions his hand between them. “What we have, what I feel for you, is worth fighting for. I pushed you away because what I feel for you is all too real. I wanted to feel nothing. I wanted to believe that this was all Chuck’s work. I don’t want that anymore. I want you by my side.”
“I, uh, C—Cas…can you sense him at all?” Dean’s voice warbles with emotion.
