As John continued to tease himself, he absent mindedly wondered whatever Sherlock held his lovely little cock with both hands while he pissed. He really needed to catch the detective at a public urinal to find out.
"Absolutely not. I'm in need for a shower. Now if you please," Sherlock interrupted, apparently having snapped out of his daze as he sprang up and turned to the closed bathroom door, foot tapping impatiently. He seemed to be in a bit of a hurry. Blinking, John scratched his neck, wondering. Surely Sherlock wasn't yet -?
Many thanks for reading! Would love to know your thoughts on this chap :) Ideas are also appreciated!
Watson fixed his gaze on Holmes’ white knuckles. He felt invariably uncertain on how to approach this sensitive subject upon which he had found himself both in as a doctor and friend. From past experiences he knew that Holmes was a patient that was not particularly keen  to have other doctors treat him, he was most insistent for Watson to tend to his wounds and needs. Proper physical examinations of an intimate nature however, was much of a different and unknown matter.
He just needed to sort this out before figuring out how to hide his erection from the world’s most attentive eyes.
John breathed relieved, and hurried to fetch something cold to soothe the area a bit. He wouldn't forgive himself if there was any serious damage. He opened the fridge and grabbed the packaged peas, quickly turning to the bathroom to get a towel, before returning to Sherlock, who was nervously twitching around with his legs, prick flopping.
John has the strangest sense of unwrapping something he's been waiting for months on end. Namely a gift to get rid of Sherlock Holmes' bloody pants.
He started. “Look, about yesterday, Sherlock, I think we should clear some things up. I know it wasn’t in any way professional of me to-,” John stopped then, swallowing hard before he continued, “-to, well. I, er, wondered if you-“
The first blur of light that seeped through the curtain settled right over John’s face, blinding him as he blinked his eyes open with a groan on his lips.
Quite frankly, John doesn’t know what to say to that, he doesn’t even know why Sherlock’s wearing this kind of expression. Hell, he’s just had his mouth around his cock, give him a break. Frowning, John lets his eyes flicker down at the detective’s hands, a question suddenly leaving his mouth.
“Yes.” Sherlock dully said, his reply sounding much like a statement, giving John next to nothing to read into.
He couldn't do anything of use. His activities were limited to an obnoxiously high degree. No violin, no chemicals, no microscope, no scientific research, no wall shooting.
“Why should I? Wasn’t my previous admission evidence enough that I already am engaging in it, if only by myself?”
Meeting Sherlock’s agitated gaze, John’s eyes flittered over the loose shirt and the gypsum covered arms before steadily locking eyes with the detective. Sherlock shuffled to sit up, his curls were a tousled mess and his neck showed a bright pink blotch that suspiciously looked a lot like an actual hickey.
The detective looked just a bit flustered by the whole attention John was giving him, eyes flickering away as John peered a bit longer into his brilliant eyes.
The detective had a lovely prick between his legs, with a heavy sac hanging below, and Watson had been endeared by it since the first time he had seen it.
door and those stupid stupid arms. “John, I’m about to urinate and it will be your fault entirely. If you don’t. Open. The door. Right this instance – ah, god!”
Usually, after these incidents, Sherlock had been able to draw his wits back together and simply reclaim control of his transport again the moment John stepped back. This, however, appeared to be impossible now.
There was a time where he thought there was something between them, but John must have confused it with his own wishful thinking. Ultimately he came to his senses, figuring that it didn't matter anyways. It didn't matter because Sherlock would altogether resent any romantic attempts of his, and sooner or later it'd be over. So what was the point really?
“It’s not…John, it’s cold, what were you expecting?” Blinking, John wasn’t sure if he heard right, but Sherlock sounded just the slightest bit defensive.
The detective stared at John’s hands before jerking his head in a half nod, eyelashes fluttering closed. “Yes, alright.”
John saw that the detective was anything but happy to see him approaching with one glass of water in one hand and one cup of tea in his other. He turned his head away in childish refusal. John pursed his lips, "Sherlock, drink. Your body needs water to stay healthy. You need to drink."
The policemen briefly turned to him, gesturing to the ground behind him. "Perhaps see if this gentleman needs any aid, Sir."
The detective stared the doctor, his eyes uncharacteristically wide, pupils dilated, staring at John. He looked deliciously wet and so very flushed under the shower head; it was one hell of a tempting sight. John’s eyes trailed down, watching as tear drops of water grazed the pale torso, shamelessly running down and down the little length of Sherlock’s penis, clinging around the foreskin before dribbling down.
“It’s not… John, I’m not repeating this conversation!” Sherlock hissed out in disdain, visibly upset now.
"Holmes! That is out of question!  I saw hard that damned cane hit you! You might have severe injuries!", Watson fretted. "Look at you, Holmes! You can barely stand on your own."
And John loved it. Whatever he could get, he was more than happy with. He still couldn’t quite get it into his head that Sherlock didn’t mind John’s fetish.
Just like yesterday, when Sherlock had left the room and John was abruptly snapped out of his thriving daze, blinking at his laptop in confusion and wondering why that kept happening to him. That’s when he realized that this odd on and off focus of his must have something to do with Sherlock.  More accurately, it had something to do with him not being in the same room anylonger.
It was the eighth slide Sherlock was studying now, and John fought back the overwhelming need to take a nap on the table. He hadn’t quite thought this through; he himself was starting to become more and more bored now that they’ve been here for well over a couple of hours. John was growing tired of his task of changing the adjustments every now and then. He thought a coffee break was in order anyway.
John for one really hoped this would change. He sometimes thought he caught Sherlock’s longing looks at him when he was lounging alone on the couch, watching telly.
Or so he told himself when he kept hearing noises from Sherlock's room. He bursted into the room after waiting 8 long minutes.
Please leave Kudos if you liked it, or even better a little comment - love those!! Many thanks! Hope you guys liked this chapter as much as I liked writing it! I'm almost at 40k with this fic which is crazy for me because I never thought I'd ever go over the 10k line....but here I am and very proud lol
Tentatively leaning down, John rests his arms on both of Sherlock's knees, gingerly undoing the single top button of the trousers, heart hammering alongside. John wants to do so much more, he wants to trail his hands alongside Sherlock's side, wants to caress and feel the warm skin, wants to gaze into those brilliant eyes as he opens those trousers. But he knows better. Surely Sherlock must have deduced his excitement by now, if not for his loud heartbeat, then for the clumsy movement of his hands. Licking his lips, he pulls down the zip.
Sherlock pressed his toes further against the couch, letting out a surprised gasp as he flickered his eyes open in a daunting realisation.
Gritting his teeth, Sherlock started rocking his hips, his heart thumping wildly in his chest as his mind crumbled down. Need.
Looking down at him, all limp and soft now, foreskin covering the head, John thought he also rather liked Sherlock’s penis in this state. It’s just this
There was a pause in which despite himself, John couldn’t help but let out a chuckle. He bit the inside of his cheek. It was a risk what he had said. He probably should-
Flickering his gaze down again, his cock jumped excitedly at seeing Sherlock leaking all over the zip and the seam of his trousers, sullying the precious material of the Dolce dress pants.
He briefly glanced at John who was seated on the couch, oblivious to him as he watched telly with his long forgotten tea sitting next to the table, his legs were stretched out, revealing the sandy skin of his calves. Sherlock shifted his gaze to the bathroom door and dismissed the thought of asking John to undo his trousers and tuck him out (a thought he much rather liked to reserve for a whole other scenario).
“Yeah, ‘kay. Let me just,” John shuffled a fraction down with his pillow before he turned to his side, facing Sherlock with a tired, half-drunken smile, hand wandering down the length of Sherlock’s body.
“Hey, wait, let me just,” John stopped the detective halfway through the door as he stood in his way.
"Nothing. So-- what now? I thought you were done preparing. Well as much as there even was to prepare for."
The evidence of this was even more obvious, John himself had stated so, confirmed – (“God, your cock, Sherlock. It`s just brilliant. God damn
Sherlock’s chest heaved wildly as he watched John roughly masturbating himself through his trousers and pants. Sprawled over the mattress, sticky and wet in his own mess and much too exhausted to open his mouth about it, Sherlock rather hoped John would clean up eventually.
He licked his lips at the thought and turned to the shower head, turning it on whilst checking the temperature. Water streamed down, splashing and wetting the bathtub beneath.
John bit the inside of his cheek, feeling more distracted than he’d like to admit. "Right, okay. I think you can at least put on some pants, Sherlock. Do you need any…help?"
Watson withstrained a grin, nodding as he fixed his gaze on the rosy member, leaning down to give the shaft a tender kiss, feeling how it jerked impatiently.  He scarcely could believe it was Holmes, Holmes' bare prick on display for him to kiss. Wetting his lips he moved up, eager to touch the pink, glossy head with his mouth.
. Everything and anything to do with him apparently left John out of breath, it was beyond his own understanding. He couldn't quite believe he just got off from hearing how Sherlock took a wee in the bathroom.
Nevertheless, John happened to go over these thoughts again as his typing started to falter. Coincidentally, Sherlock’s presence shifted. John couldn’t see it but the detective was in fact moving, standing up with annoyance written across his face and whirling around with his dressing gown to abruptly disappear to the bathroom.
Drunk or not, John couldn’t believe what he had done, what he had been thinking, or, decidedly not thinking in the first place.
before he had slipped on his cool façade to hide it all. Often John was still slow with reading Sherlock’s face, but what was he supposed to do? Yell at him to stop time so John could decipher his facial expression?
Luxuriously stretched out on the sofa, Sherlock’s attention was solely fixed on John sat in his chair, hair wet from the shower and bathing robe gaping open as he turned a page of the newspaper, eyes focused on reading the newest of daily rubbish while remaining none the wiser about Sherlock’s antics.
John held up a hand at the detective. “Okay wait, let me just-, you’re not making this any easier! It’s really not that cold, Sherlock.”
“How in god’s name would he even get to-,” John muttered to himself, feeling irritation spike up as he looked out the window.
Sighing in exasperation, John shook his head, knowing Sherlock won’t shut his mouth until John let him have his way. If it weren’t for the fact that they were in a public loo, John would’ve wilfully ignored him. Besides it was not like this whole thing could get any worse already, seeing as John was already sporting a bulge in his pants.
,” John had his thighs parted as he jerked with a final roll of his hips into the palm of his hands.
Hoping Sherlock didn’t catch on for once, John guiltily scrambled for words, “I mean it’s fine, quite brilliant really if you ask me. Er, you done?”
“Yes! God yes, John do-,” Sherlock exclaimed desperately, half gasping, struggling to keep up with a sudden deduction that raced through his mind while his transport was struggling to hold back the need to piss. “G-Get on with it already.”
At his words, a shuddering breath escapes the detective, eyelashes fluttering closed again. “That’s good. I-, you know that…that..”
Distracted, he gave Sherlock a shake, mouth starting to water as the implication of ‘the procedure’ dawned on him, the thought of giving a hand-job right here; admittedly this was not what John had quite in mind, but who was he to talk? The quicker he got off Sherlock, the sooner he could tug himself off.
- was Sherlock peeing, peeing at this very moment, vulnerable and despreate as he relieved himself; unaware that John was eagerly listening to his gushing stream becoming more and more steady.
John wanted to crawl to the bed, expose Sherlock and just warm him up. Between the slender thighs, Sherlock's cock was nestled, vulnerable and small, John wished he could have a better look at it, and watch it quiver in the warm air.
With a fierce nod, he stood where he was, water splashing his face, hoping John didn’t notice how affected he was by his tone.
“John,” he let out, voice rumbling as he recognised the worry etched on John’s face. Sherlock blinked as he seemed to ponder on his words again.
His body shook with sensation when John held him still by the hips before flicking – r u b b I n g – his palm over the weeping soft tip, making Sherlock see stars.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed, finding pleasure at the crude words. His cock twitched in anticapation.
Now that he was hidden from the public's eye, Holmes seemed to have dismissed his regard for being discreet. He was now stiffly leaning against the seat, protecting his groin with both hands, his eyes were tightly shut.
To John’s delight, Sherlock turned out to be very enthusiastic at the task, not necessarily experienced but he was learning rapidly, responding with a sigh whenever John would slide a hand through his hair or stroke his back while they nuzzled one another. It was after Sherlock had leaned his head down his shoulder -
John was surprised at the desperate demand, staring for a moment at the blatant distress on Sherlock’s face. “Hey, it’s all right. I won’t, just…,” he trailed off, carefully curling his left hand back on Sherlock’s hard bobbing prick, squeezing it.
Well, it wasn’t really a problem; John was able to get back to his task after that weird pausing in his brain happened. It was just that this pause bothered him a bit.
Aware John had caught the movement; Sherlock looked up at him doubtful. “I don’t suppose, you’d mind opening my trousers now?”
Sherlock’s nostrils suddenly flared up at the tentative question, whipping his head to the side to stare daggers at John. It was a clear answer to his question. Meanwhile, strands of drenched hair fell over the intense eyes, covering them.
“There we go. Wait, I’ll just,” John cleared his throat as he quickly left the tub to fetch his own towel before hastily returning to help Sherlock get safely out from the slippery bathtub. Despite himself, John’s eyes were drawn between Sherlock’s thighs. He just couldn’t stop himself from staring.
He leaned down and brought the cup to Sherlock's mouth, making sure that the cup was properly placed between his cupid lips, before he continued to heave it up a bit.
Sherlock pursed his lips, and ignored his house keeper. John halted in his tracks, looking confused when 'the helpers' walked into their flat, greeting them.
Sherlock looks back up at John, a wariness suddenly apparent in his eyes. “No,” he says, almost hesitant, “John, you should know that I didn’t expect you to..” Sherlock stops then, eyes rapidly flicking around the room before continuing somewhat uncertainly.
Shaking his head, John tried to stop the loop of words from circling his mind. To be honest, the whole thing was more than a bit bonkers.
John hastily averted his gaze, barely able to stand the sight. Relieved that his own cock had waned somewhat, he was careful to keep it that way.
He turned to take the cold towel that he's brought, and wrapped it around Holmes' bollocks, carefully handling the oversensitive parts. Holmes shuddered and muffled a gasp.
“Majority of workers went home. There being about 39% male employees, it’s unlikely anyone’s to emerge at this hour. Your perceived heterosexuality is therefore in little to no danger of being questioned.”
Sherlock sighed exasperated, “What’s got this to do with my inability to undo my trousers? I told you, John, your idiotic concern for clinical detachment doesn’t matter to me! Must I really repeat myself?”
Sherlock suddenly shifts in his seat as the front of his trousers gapes open; John's face is nearly at eye level with it. And leaning further down, he--
Nuzzling into the union jack pillow beneath his head, Sherlock watched John through half-lidded eyes as his skin started prickling into goosebumps from the mere fact that John was in the same room as Sherlock, while unbeknownst to him, Sherlock’s hand was gently fondling his cock.
Brows knitting, Sherlock stares at him unblinking, his face a mask of bewilderment. It’s not the first time that this happens today. John curses, quickly deciding to cover his slip up with a question.
Taking a deep breath, Watson leaned down, and almost purred, "Well, I can certainly see some serious stirring down there, Holmes. I think it best I examine you again, I ought to be more throughly this time. What do you say, Holmes?"
And John accepted as it was, he could deal with it and almost thought he got over this infatuation for Sherlock.
Sherlock shuffled on his feet, his tone urgent as he spoke. “Pull my foreskin back, John. I can’t urinate like that.”
Sherlock immediately sprung up from his seat, scowling at the gypsum around his arms. This time John stifled the urge to look down at him, instead forcing himself to concentrate on undressing the detective. He carefully reached out, touching the fine material of Sherlock's blue dressing gown, feeling the silk between his fingers as he pulled the sleeves off him until he was free of them.
“That’s it, we’re going to-,” he paused, watching as Sherlock crossed his legs, frantically trying to squeeze himself between his thighs.
Aware that Holmes was still recovering from the recent overstimulation, he was cautious with his touch, trailing his finger tips around the bollocks and lightly caressing the short length of his member.
Letting out a grunt, Sherlock watched as John aimed his stream down the wall of the tub, stroking his shaft with feather light touches as he resumed pulling at Sherlock’s foreskin, teasing it up and down his tip and causing Sherlock to tremble over the sensation. “Careful, I’m pissing, John! But don't stop, I need--
John's eyes immediately snapped down to Sherlock's crotch, thinking he spotted something of a wet spot there on the front. Was he-? Christ, he was. Drawing a deep breath, John tried not to think about how the detective was on the verge of sullying one of his dress pants. To say that this sight was getting a bit too much for John Watson, would be a vast understatement.
Admittedly, John felt a bit bad for the detective, but with this rude behavior of his, it just wouldn’t do. Shaking his head and hoping to keep a grip on himself, he spoke.
Oh,fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck—
Gritting his teeth, Sherlock whirled around the coffee table. Being still dressed in his tailored dress shirt and missing the whirl of his dressing gown, the gesture lacked in its dramatic effect. Nevertheless, Sherlock pointedly scowled at the bulged part where the gypsum was hidden, making John pity him for a moment. It was bad enough that it had happened to Sherlock of all people, but the fact that it had happened to both his arms was even worse. As if one alone wasn’t punishment enough.
That’s when Sherlock suddenly snapped his head up as if he had just realised that John had moved and left his side. Abruptly he stood up with a poorly masked wince and went after him, catching up with him in the hall. Turning around, John raised his brows in surprise.
Not particularly liking the way the detective pretty much glued himself to his side, John exhaled heavily, refraining the urge to shove the git off. He took a step backwards, refusing to look down for the sake of his sanity.
With the sudden snap of the door behind, he jumped, nearly slipping down the step. Horrified at himself, he froze on the spot, shaking his head at what he had been thinking. And in public too. It was a relief Sherlock’s back was still turned towards him for John was all too ready to be swallowed by the pavement now.
“There you go, all nice and clean. Don’t we just smell great?” John chuckled as he finished tying Sherlock’s dressing gown around his waist, rueful to see all the pale skin disappear behind the blue silk.
“Well, yes! Hence why it makes me feel like a god-damn pervert! Jesus, how could you not have noticed that, you out of all people?”
“But what was this experiment about then?” John says stupidly, “Those damned concentration levels that you wanted to examine while I-, and then-”John suddenly shuts his mouth.
Feeling himself flush up, John shook his head. “No reason, just wondering. So, ah, what do you think? Of us kissing?”
Having put a bit too much soap on him, John could barely see anything anymore. Feeling almost giddy at the vast amount of soap on Sherlock, John allowed his hand to slip away for a moment just to have a better look.
A groan went past his lips, and John was aching, achingly close of coming. He stroked his cockhead with his laptop as carefully continued to listen to Sherlock in the bathroom. It was better he never walked in, now that he was aware what he’d like to do, he’d be surprised if he were able to look Sherlock in the eye within the next few weeks.
Not seeing the frown on Sherlock’s face, John kept his eyes down on the floor, avoiding at having to glance up at the nude form of the detective. Grateful for the abrupt silence, John did his best to pull up Sherlock’s pants, feeling ridiculously proud for managing to do so without looking once at what exactly he was covering up. Truly, he deserved a medal.
. It was insulting. Having voiced his thoughts on John’s idiocy to Billy the skull was apparently a mistake. As it turned out, John didn’t appreciate being the topic of conversation between the skull and himself. He had reacted quite unfavorably as he had interrupted Sherlock’s talk. The doctor had shaken his head as he furiously had started putting on a jacket, –
have done this unconsciously while asleep. Because that seemed to be the only sensical explanation that came to mind as John wondered how or why the bloody hell–-
As far as he could tell, Holmes would be fine in that area, but perhaps the swelling should be cooled down for a bit.
About to move his hand over the dainty length of the detective, he couldn’t help but run his thumb over the wet head, seeing as droplets of urine clung to the slit and wanting to wipe them right off.
However, senses quickly took over him, and before he knew it, he had the cruel stranger  pinned down to the ground.
At that John leans back and licks his lips, heart in his throat. “And what was your hypothesis, Sherlock?”
Of course, John had said yes, and he was a bit dumbstruck with how vulnerable Sherlock had looked when John had opened the car door for him and proceeded to put the seat belt around his slim body. John remembered how he had to suppress the urge to kiss his friend right here and then with the promise that it was all fine.
“All right?” he asked when Sherlock methodically shifted in his lap, trying to keep his groin from touching him.
True to his word, John dutifully tied the dressing gown around his waist, making sure that it covered Sherlock's groin before moving the frozen peas underneath off of him, seeing a pained grimace forming Sherlock's face.
“Damnit, John! I –ngh-,” clenching his jaw, Sherlock stifled a yelp, feeling his desperation rise. His penis meanwhile reacted unfavourably to the clear disapproval in John’s voice, stirring and twitching against his thigh impatiently.
Painfully turned on, John at once unfastened his own trousers, making quick work of it as his prick jumped out, hot and rock hard. Giving himself a couple of firm strokes, he felt Sherlock’s attention shift down on him, hearing how his breath hitched.
Suddenly more awake now, John darted his eyes down the ruffled blanket, wondering if he could see through it as he slowly uncurled his hand from Sherlock, dwelling on how
Since having carefully measured the degree of their friendship, Sherlock's been more than willing to improve it with an expectant outcome in mind: of keeping John to himself -
His mind was positively buzzing by it all, still trying to process how easily John stole himself into Sherlock’s soft-pounding heart. John interested him and wrecked him in all the right places. And Sherlock simply loved John –
Feeling his face burn, Sherlock shut his eyes, marveling at John’s drunken state. Sherlock doubted John ever would have let out such a thing outloud in a sober state. The tips of his ears were aflame as he repeated it in his mind – ‘
“God, I think I know what you’re on about,” John smiled at Sherlock, longing to kiss this ridiculous man at once. Sherlock hectically turned away as if John had caught him at something forbidden, dressing gown swirling in the air.
The doctor watched wordlessly as Holmes put the ice on the crotch of his trousers and intently searched for any signs of relief on his face. But Holmes only made a peculiar noise and Watson was not sure if he should either discern it as pain or easement.
Initially, John would have thought it an impossible thing to simultaneously feel delighted whilst also have one’s nostrils flare up, but there he was. And why again was that? Yeah right, because he apparently liked to scold his flatmate for having a god damn wee in the shower.
Because when John got their food and went back up the flat again, Sherlock was as aloof as ever. Instinctively, he sensed there was no use in rephrasing the question he’s asked. He won’t get an answer. So John let it go, for now.
This however seemed to put Sherlock off. “That is, I mean, if you’re . . .  amenable of course. I don’t intend to—“
“Oh, the dear tried to set up an experiment of his but ended up with smashing all those tubes. I don’t know what went on in that head of his, but he was just so out of sorts, quite upset I should say. And that hair of his! They do need a good washing from the look of it.”
“Clarity, John. You’re upset and I don’t understand. While yesterday without you certainly was...unpleasant, it was alright. Once you returned. Why are you even apologising?”
A pause filled the room. It was so quiet that John could hear the music playing in Mrs. Hudson’s flat, it was
He wasn’t exactly keen to ask any more questions on why Sherlock didn’t let him handle his hair. Apart from the reason that John lacked experience with the care routine of curly hair, he was sure it wasn’t as complex as Sherlock made it out to be. It was yet another glaring realisation that his touch was now officially deemed as unwelcome.
came to be. Did his hand actually slip down like that in his sleep? Because that definitely wasn't something that's ever happened before to him, at least he wasn’t the type to do something like that without asking. He
Almost as an afterthought, he goes back onto Sherlock’s softening prick, carefully keeping the foreskin back and cleaning the sensitive tip from any left drips. Meanwhile the hand in his grip loosens, falling lax from his fingers, at once reminding John that it is all over now.
Grinning at the thought, John possessively patted at Sherlock’s testicles as he wiped over them once more. Examining the rest of him, John quickly gave the shaft a wipe, before looking at the spot where the hot tea had landed. The burn was still visible.
John opened his mouth. “Did you just,-? Right, of course you just insulted my hair. Look, all I’m saying is that your hair looks good, so what’s the fuss about?”
Voice sounding bemused, Sherlock must have gauged the hesitancy that was radiating from the fidgeting doctor.
“Careful, I’m joining in to help you with the shampoo,” he declared, positively startling the detective from behind.
“Oh god,” John cursed himself, suddenly wanting to punch himself. “Sherlock, wait. I didn’t mean that-“
out of all people didn't seem to mind that he was being spoon feed by someone. If anything, John would have said that he actually quite enjoyed it. The detective was humming here and there as if wanting to convey his pleasure, eagerly staring at the spoon in John’s hand and almost purring like a cat. It was all a bit odd really.
. “As I’ve made it clear by now, it’s good. However, there’s something I’m unclear about. What are we, John? What am I by definition to you?”
"John I really would prefer you hurry up your overly slow motions, I need to conduct an experiment afterwards," Sherlock said, pursing his lips, expression faltering a bit when John raised his eyebrows at him, silently scoffing at him. There were no experiments in the fridge, John had discarded them hours ago, and aside from that fact, Sherlock with both his arms broken like that wasn't in any state to perform one anyways.
John didn’t know what he was saying, his brain felt befuddled and his own cock was so very hard from seeing the great detective like this; wet and dripping and naked with his desperate prick in John’s bare hand, pissing helplessly.
John had half expected to accompany Sherlock because how else would the git get there? He couldn’t even open doors for Christ’s sake. But as it seemed, one of Mycroft’s minions took up the job for him. Feeling a frown on his face, John wondered why Sherlock was willing to go so far as to accept one of his brother’s people; something was definitely out of sorts. Alarmingly so.
, the prat knew already. John was much too obvious with his fixations to keep it a secret for long. He never was good at taming down his likes.
Instantly, Sherlock started babbling incoherent sentences, penis jerking in his hand, flushing a bright red. And John was completely undone by his own words and the way it affected the detective.
, is he supposed to refuse? When it's been months and months where John has wanted nothing but Sherlock. It's only ever
"I'd like you wait approximately 10 more minutes, John, or more conveniently 15 more minutes. I prefer to be left alone at the moment," Sherlock said, not registering John's stare.
“-with the only exception of my coat. Really, John, your insistence to refrain from acquiring an indexed closet is as unreasonable as your insistence to keep on going out with those women.”
A disgruntled breath escaped the detective. Then, after a pause in which John gave him a hard look, he said, “Fine, if you so insist.”
Holding up the cream he’s brought with him, John threw a glance at Sherlock's face, “We need to keep a close look at that, but the spot should fade in a week. How does it feel?”
Watson's heart raced, stomach dropping as regret was starting to daunt him, but then Holmes said something.
They would only annoy him and disturb 221b's domestic, chaotic air. They would constantly remind him that John was too uncomfortable, too repulsed to help Sherlock like that.
John's eyebrows shot up. Sherlock had to go more urgently than he initially had anticipated. Whenever the detective started off with the periodic table it was usually an indicator that something stressed him greatly out.
Four days later, Sherlock was sprawled on the sofa, hands carefully folded over his stomach as he willingly ignored the itch in his arms; his mind was fixated on one particular jumper-dressed Army doctor.
“Alright I’ll say it then. And what I’m going to say is that I’m going to take care of this,” he pointedly twisted his hand, giving the shaft a little jerk. “I’m going to take care of your cock, your lovely pretty little cock, and make sure you're good and ready to finish.”
John gently brushed a finger over it, watching Sherlock’s face screw up into a grimace. “Tender. I refuse to wear any pants.”
“John,” Sherlock breathed as his stream slowed, and a final trail of urine dripped down the urinal, “stop thinking and continue with the procedure.”
“You alright? Sorry about that soap, I’ll…use less next time,” John said guiltily as he scanned Sherlock’s soap covered body. Admittedly, he had been bit enthusiastic on the soap on purpose; John just really hadn’t found much of an excuse to not
If there was one thing Sherlock detested more than John leaving, it was getting cockblocked because John was leaving -
felt like unparalleled bliss and his penis couldn’t agree more as it started jutting inside his pyjama bottoms, tenting the thin fabric.
Holmes nudity was his guilty pleasure. Even at home he sometimes attempted to find appropriate excuses in interrupting Holmes' bathing routine, just in hopes for a little innocent glance of his exposed member. So far he had succeeded once, although that was due to Holmes asking him to bring him a towel when he was unable to leave the tub.
Forcing himself to pull his wits together, John stood and shook his head. If he had his way with the madman, he would have leaned against the door and patiently waited for Sherlock to lose it there and then, watching and seeing how he started pissing himself in the middle of the kitchen, wetting the silky pants underneath and destroying them in the process.
There was a split pause. John quickly looked at Sherlock’s face, finding that the detective looked somewhat speechless if not slightly flustered.
With an intake of breath, John puts his hand carefully on Sherlock's knee, signalling that he is about to start with his 'procedure'. To being quite so honest, he doesn't believe in the purpose of this ridiculous experiment but how,
He stared down at Sherlock as he carefully applied the cream on the shaft, paying special attention on the dark spot, and feeling the hot skin, it felt so small and dainty and vulnerable in his hand, it strangely made John happy. Sherlock gasped and jerked his hips away, expression pained.
Kudos and comments are a writer's bonbons! I LOVE them very very much, they make me grin like a lunatic, so thank you :)
– just – just perfect. He feels him in his mouth, feels how his hips shift restlessly, feels  S h e r l o c k.
He felt a bit guilty that he hadn't even attempted to 'delete' it yet, when Sherlock had asked him to do so. John was very conflicted with what had happened and how it had affected him so...unexpectedly. His mind hadn't been quite clear after the incident, because the first thing he did was wank himself off to the image of his desperate flatmate in mind.
Though to his great relief, the whole scanning business didn’t take much longer than a second. John didn’t even need to look away out of discomfort. Meanwhile Sherlock kept frowning as his eyes flickered down the leather shoes, seeing them still sprawled open, untied.
Everything else forgotten, John straightened his back, and grabbed the bags from the cupboard. Not saying a word, he went to the bathroom with Sherlock striding behind, watching him with a tight expression.
. John inhaled deeply as he snapped his eyes wide open, head swimming full of pictures of drunken scenes from last night.
Dragging his eyes up again, John smiled gratefully at Sherlock’s overly watchful face, hoping to communicate his appreciation and love for him.
At once, Watson leaned back, looking up in alarm. "Holmes? What- oh!" He instantly felt heat surge into his face at realising what the matter was. Carefully, he let go of the stiff prick in his hand.
Shrugging himself out of his clothes, John stepped into the shower, turning on the dial with heavy limbs. Standing under the spray of water, it took him a surprisingly long while before his mind started to drift back to the very thing that went on
Gaping, John shot Sherlock a stern look. “Absolutely not, Sherlock. I’m not sticking my hand down your pants while we’re in this cab, passing half of London’s CCTV’s.”
They went to Sherlock's bedroom, and John straightened the bed, making it more comfortable for Sherlock to lay on. The detective eyed the cream that John was holding, while arranging himself down on the bed, not realising that his dressing gown was slightly parting during this process and giving John more or less a whole eyeful of his groin.
John paused, trying to be gentle with the motion of his hands as he dragged the pair of pants down the thighs, looking up at last. “Fuck, sorry. I should-, you ah, all right?”
John thought this was all a bit nonsensical. After all, as a doctor and former military man, he had seen his fair amount of cocks, but none, absolutely none of them had sparked such a reaction in John.
Sherlock makes something of an approving noise, still holding on to John’s left hand, which John at last discerns as a yes. Feeling more than confused at what the hand holding has to do with the experiment; John finally shrugs at it as he puts his attention back on Sherlock’s cock.
“Yeah, come on,” John moaned alongside Sherlock as his thumb swiped over the damp head, spreading the fluids all over him with Sherlock crying out and trashing at the hyper-sensitivity.
The detective looked endearingly ridiculous, with his disheveled hair and oddly matched clothes. Sherlock insisted that he had to wear his dressing gown over the gypsum, wanting to hide them a bit, which in turn made his arms appear gigantic. Sherlock's thin face gained some colour from laughing, it reminded the doctor that he needed to drink something.
“All my prior observations and calculations suggested a six percent chance of you agreeing to this and a four percent chance of you performing it. I marked my hypothesis as unlikely to be executed. Obviously I haven’t asked the test object at that time frame, otherwise it would have been clear to conduct a revaluation on my hypothesis, which I did upon receiving your starkly contrasted answer. It was evident that I had miscalculated something, and I re-examined the case. My new thesis and possible conclusion indicated that-,” Sherlock pauses then; a painfully hopeful look in his eyes, making John’s heart instantly stutter, “that you reciprocate my sentiment in every way.”
“I’m fine, Watson,” he gritted, visibly wincing when trying to stand up. “No need to take such measures.”
John checked the cup and saw it being almost empty, he moved it back to Sherlock, determined to make him drink more. The detective stared unimpressed at the cup in his hand, "It's enough for now, John. My transport doesn't require a lot of liquid."
With his other hand he carefully caressed the sensitive sac beneath, cupping it and hiding it in his hand. Holmes' breath hitched, and Watson was aroused to find that none of the man's private parts could be seen anymore, all protected and covered under the doctor's hands.
John clarified. “Shortly before lunch, we talked about--, you know, and you said you would be amenable for it should I…well, repeat it.”
John was surprised by this new revelation, feeling his heart jump as he thought back to when he wondered whatever or not Sherlock played with himself while he urinated. Clearing his throat, John tried to focus on what he wanted to say.
"Right. This has to stop, Sherlock. I'm a doctor and your friend, you know I agreed that I'd be here to help you," John said calmly as he turned towards the counter, pouring himself another cup of tea. "But clearly it seems you'd rather neglect yourself than to ask me for my sodding help."
. However: with two broken arms, and the inconvenient fact that he couldn't even undo his trousers like some dimwitted child, meant his plans needed a-
He halted, frowning. Sherlock knew that he liked to clean up after dinner, it was almost a sort of a ritual of his, and surely he could wait a bit.
Before Sherlock could repeat his ridiculous 'not my transport' comment, John growled at him, "Don't even bother, Sherlock! Just get it over with!"
The tip of Sherlock’s cock poked out from the fly gap, and John licked his lips at the sight. Finding the smooth head fully retracted, he had the perfect angle to gaze down at him, seeing precome welling out from the slit, wetting the head. Reminded how sensitive Sherlock was, John refrained from brushing a thumb over him. Sherlock meanwhile grumbled as he rocked his hips, trying in vain to find some friction. He started complaining when John held him still by the hipbones. “This is not enough, John. Just let me-, I said green,
"Watson," Holmes said, sounding strained. His legs were shaking a little and the doctor steadied them, holding his knees and keeping them spread apart.
Flickering his eyes around the flat with a barely withstrained hiss, Sherlock bolted up from the couch, squeezing his legs together in an attempt to further ignore his bladder.
And since fantasies had unlimited boundaries, the next thing John would do was to lean down and play with the hot, despreate stream. He’d put his finger against the gushing urine and let it spray everywhere, making a filthy mess around them. Sherlock would be distressed and try aim his stream away from John’s finger, yelling at him while John would quickly press the bare palm of his hand right against the covered head of Sherlock's penis.
It was not as if he hadn't seen it before, John just always found himself somewhat stunned around a practically naked Sherlock. The pale skin glowed and it reminded John of the few times that Sherlock had stalked around in one of his sheets where the milky skin of his neck and chest always peeked through. It never failed to drive John mad. Once he nearly even had a row with Sherlock about it, but then the damn sheet had slipped down that slender body, exposing parts he hadn't seen before, and John immediately had shut his mouth.
Sherlock seemed to process this before letting out a scoff. “That’s it?” he said, almost sounding disappointed, “Clearly your judgement is misplaced, John. People in this work field do this because they pity and care. You do this because you do less of the pitying and more of the caring, fine. But you’re not backing out of this because we’re friends, no; there’s something you’re not telling me.”
Sherlock is – his cock – it is bloody fantastic. It juts proudly, the flushed head visible and wet, and- -
Hovering near the man’s bollocks, John darts his tongue out to lick at the base of Sherlock’s penis, kissing it. The detective jolts and John takes that time to press forward. He latches onto the midsection, sucking in the flesh and feels it twitch, hands meanwhile stroking the base.
“I-I would be amenable if you used less pressure. I’m . . . sensitive.” Sherlock panted, his words sound like a revelation to his ears, so John nods eagerly before realising the detective can’t see him. “Er, yes. Okay, will do.”
"My god, Holmes! Are you alright? You need to take slow breaths, my dear fellow." Watson rushed to him and put his hand on the detective's back, counting his breathing, saying, "Focus on me, old boy."
And Sherlock jerks his hips up and down, thrusting, thrusting, thrusting, frantically gripping John’s hand all the while, never letting go of it.
Keeping his touch gentle, he slides the palm of his hand up Sherlock's thigh, until reaching the seam of the trousers, pausing and marveling at the surrealism of it. Above him he imagines to hear a hitch of breath, a bear hint of a small gasp that has John suddenly hyperaware of what his hands are doing - of where they are going to go.
The realisation was like a light switch for John's self control, it was unexplainable. Somehow it brought back this strict grip on himself. But this wasn't about him, this was about Sherlock who needed to be taught some manners if John indeed caught him pissing in the shower.
. Sherlock silently sighed as he reluctantly stilled his hand and withdrew it as he waited for John to start ranting on and throwing glances in his direction to see whether he was listening or not.
John pinched the bridge of his nose as he stared down at the blanket, too self-conscious to look Sherlock in the eye. He shifted in the bed as he breathed out the next words, “What I'm saying is that I’m really sorry about this whole thing, Sherlock. It was just incredibly thoughtless of me.”
The sight of it made Watson tighten his grip on the coat. He had seen Holmes' member on a few lucky occasions in the turkish baths, Watson couldn't fathom why he was so thrilled whenever he caught sight of it, but he just was.
"I did. I am done," Sherlock says slowly, sounding as if he is testing out his words. "As you can see, I'm sitting down now." Long lovely fingers are twiddling with boxes of mould and John swallows suddenly.
Panting, the detective pressed his forehead against John’s, eyes fluttering closed in an overwhelmed manner. “Very. Just…ah, quite a bit much, John. I’m sensitive,” he said, wincing when John trailed the hard length of him with a gentle finger, stroking him through the material of his dress pants.
“What?” John felt like he’s just missed something. Why were they like this? Why were they so- -so dysfunctional in their communication?
John also looked down, eagerly watching the stream slow down, heart leaping when he noticed   - o h   g o d -   soft   pink   glans   peeking out of the foreskin. He could see them – finally - Sherlock’s glans – his tiny little piss slit – f u c k – could see how the last bits of droplets seeped out, wetting the rosy head of his lovely lovely cock.
“You know we can repeat it any time. I’m sure you need better test results because your concentration during this ‘experiment’ was shit.”
Hesitating, John lets go of Sherlock and pulls at his trousers, wanting them all the way down his hips to make this easier. With an annoyed huff, Sherlock wordlessly lifts his arse up until John has the garment bundled down the legs.
Glancing at his watch, he furrowed his eyebrows, wondering if the food service was stuck in traffic or something. Behind him he heard the familiar creak of the stairs, the sound echoed through the hallway with Sherlock’s unnecessarily loud stomps.
it. And despite himself, Sherlock was helplessly flattered by it and quite pleased with himself that John seemed to appreciate the entirety of his anatomy, penis included.
The detective shook his head, looking flustered at being put on the spot. His bright eyes darted away from John’s, suddenly appearing tense.
Throwing the towel away, John put on jumper, pants and jeans before sitting down on his bed to stare blankly on the floor.
“Alright we’re done with this subject; I’m not going to say any more of it.” John said finally, turning at once away when Sherlock’s damn laces were tied. At some point he’s going to turn mad with this skin tight wardrobe of his flatmate. Maybe it was a good thing to keep the lanky git in the flat as often as possible; then at least John wouldn’t have to struggle with those stupidly tight clothes of his.
“As you said yourself, emotions are beneath me, John. Fine, call up Mycroft, I don’t care. Obviously my transport repulses you enough to break your promise.”
John glanced down just in time to see the detective’s penis twitch against the loose material of his pants, appearing to like what he had said.
By all means, he never once thought himself as an invert, but when it came to Holmes, everything was turned around, made an exception. And all things considered, the man just was aesthetically pleasing to him, including his delicate member.
"But-," Sherlock's voice faltered when John forced himself to urinate. A steady stream escaped his urethra, adding to the noise the shower was already making. He didn't trust himself to look at Sherlock, not while he was pissing, but Sherlock's sudden quietness definitely spoke for itself.
“J-John,” Sherlock stuttered suddenly, “Don’t squeeze yet. I’m not,” he drew a sudden breath, cock stirring as he gasped out distressed, “finished yet.”
Watson started drumming his fingers on the seat, and attentively looked at his friend. “Holmes, can you describe to me where it exactly hurts? For when we are home, I can immediately see what I can treat you with; laudanum shall help with the pain as well…”, he trailed of when Holmes tried to shift in his seat and suddenly gasped at the movement, his entire body looked tense.
Something unintelligible escaped Sherlock’s mouth, and John looked up to meet a hazy, wanton gaze. “What?”
Yes, so much about Sherlock's lack of modesty. When John opened the door, Sherlock stood there in all his half naked glory, dressing gown sprawled open, with absolutely
John picked up the empty boxes and tossed them back into the bin, watching as they nearly toppled down the overfull plastic pile again. Frowning at the sight, he hadn’t even noticed the rubbish  was so full. His mind was much too focused on the lunch he’s just had.
With a cautious drift of his hands, he pinched the zipper of Sherlock’s trousers between his fingers, holding the end of it as he moved it right against where the tip of Sherlock’s cock was pressed. Dragging it up. And down. Up. Down. Barely moving it. Just rubbing it a little. Just a tiny little bit. Right there where the head of Sherlock’s cock was pressed. Up. Down.
Before John could stop himself, the words were already tumbling out of his mouth, “Would you like me to give you a handjob?”
But of course he wasn't and he doubted he ever would be because he was arse over tits in love with this mad man.
But Sherlock decided differently when the kiss melted from one second to the next into an overly hungry and eager snog, cupid lips moving insistently against his as if their life depended on it.
Sherlock scoffed. "Pants are irrelevant. They would only distract my oversensitive reactors in my genital area, John."
The doctor however made no motion to hold him. Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek, trying to stop himself from fidgeting.
“I... No that I was not aware of. But perhaps, that is, given your blatant interest on this subject, perhaps you’d find it of significance to learn that I prefer taking my time whilst urinating.”
John hasn’t done this in ages, not since his days in the army and it should be easy enough to remember because he’s done this often enough, but this is Sherlock. And currently he is holding Sherlock’s cock in his hand, so really, how is he supposed to focus on anything else?
Holmes grumbled and accusingly stared at himself as he waited for Watson to grab his things from the bathroom. He knew this was bound to be a catastrophe, but he didn't have the energy to fight Watson's caring nature.
Licking his lips, John hurriedly straightened his back, putting his fingers back to his keyboard and clicking some random letters.
Truthfully speaking, Sherlock had quite underestimated the sheer activity of John’s libido. Quite possibly, he had miscalculated John’s sex drive, or, perhaps, his sexual attraction towards him. His mind palace was a turmoil over this not-so-unimportant factor.
John squeezed the delicate skin of Sherlock's foreskin even tighter between his fingers, making the detective gasp. "Don't you dare, Sherlock!" He warned, "You will go when I tell you to!" And with that he pulled Sherlock closer to the loo, watching transfixed as a trail of urine struggled to escape between his fingers, dribbling down one by one.
Swallowing the length, John eagerly trails the veins with his tongue before pulling off with a wet pop. Looking down, he couldn’t help but exhale hotly, practically drooling over the sight.
? Sherlock couldn’t quite bring himself to fully scorn the fractured condition of his broken arms. Because without them he certainly wouldn’t have had John for himself now, wouldn’t have known the amount of excessive stimulation (albeit distraction) John Watson provided to him so readily. He wouldn’t have had John tell him how he—yes.
’ part that especially was giving him a headache. In no way could Sherlock mean what John initially had interpreted for it to mean. Surely, it was all just a misunderstanding. It couldn’t be anything else, right?
With a dramatic huff, Sherlock plopped down on the couch and heaved his feet up into the air to let John once again struggle with those damned leather shoes. Why were they such a tight fit anyway?
“John,” Sherlock said again, his brows drawn together in a frown, “You’re upset.” It sounded both like a question and a statement.
Already on the brink of losing his nerve, John rubbed the blunt head of his cock against the tiles, stroking himself, and thinking about the fact that that’s how Sherlock came last night.
But John lay next to him without another reaction, eyes fluttering closed and drool running down the corner of his mouth.
Not even bothering to control his stream anylonger, Sherlock threw his head back in bliss as he let it all go, piss spraying everywhere while he trusted John to handle it and take care of the transport. It. Was.
Holmes was starting to soften as they entered their quarters, he was hardly left in an erect state when they reached the door.
Bloody hell. John suddenly felt his arousal return, aware that next time he’ll maybe get to watch his detective pee in front of his very eyes. Though John still hadn’t fully elaborated what he’d do while Sherlock did so.
“Fine,” Sherlock answered stiffly, narrowing his eyes as John stumbled over his way towards Sherlock. “How many drinks have you had, John?”
“Christ, Sherlock. I bet your small lil' cock can come like this,” John said as he resumed stroking him with only two fingers, swiping them teasingly near his tip and making Sherlock’s mind stutter even more.
. Frantic, he instead recrossed his legs, trying to hold himself between his thighs while he jerked his hips, willing for the need to piss to go away.
It was far beneath his dignity to approach the possibility of John seeing him lose control over his transport. On all accounts, Sherlock found it quite unacceptable. All the work would have been for nothing, and that simply was not on. His pursuit for seducing John would invaribly become
Watson's nostrils flared when he came to the sudden realisation that this was one of the beggars from the last case. He pursed his lips, ready to hit the man, wanting to repay him for his actions,  but somebody was holding me back.
Holmes shut his eyes in guarded mortification, when he internally admitted that a further drag of friction to his long neglected member would undoubtedly bring him to his crisis. His dignity to remain composed in front of Watson rendered him to follow his advice. He sighed as he turned to Watson and handed him his coat with warm cheeks.
Feeling bad for phrasing it so clumsily, John cleared his throat as he shook his head, quickly adding, “It’s not that, Sherlock, god no. You did nothing wrong. It’s just, I think I would like to talk about ...something, well. Something more intimate.”
“Mm, wrong. As of previous my broken bones, I always cleaned up after masturbating. How am I supposed to do so now when I’m unable to reach my own testicles?”
Mortified with the doctor’s horrid choice of words, Sherlock made an affronted face, grimacing at the word ‘wee-wee’.
Feeling a dark flush blossoming around his neck, Sherlock hastily picked his words, “Because else I’ll urinate.”
The streaming sound was still going strong which meant that Sherlock’s bladder must have been so full, practically on the brink of bursting. No wonder Sherlock didn’t lock the door, he must had been quite in a hurry.
He didn’t even manage to add his own socks alongside Sherlock’s carefully build sock index. Actually, he didn’t even manage to add any of his belongings to Sherlock’s room.
Because, well. John wanted to be helpful, seeing as Sherlock was gradually hardening underneath his gaze, cock wet with water and soap, it was only sensible to ask.
John just wished they could pick up their last conversation again and continue where they had left off – or better yet where they had been interrupted. Because he was going to pull his hair out if this silent tension continued on between them. And it definitely didn’t help that Sherlock’s words kept ringing in his mind.
Blinking at the sight, Sherlock’s breath hitched as John panted through his orgasm, his name on his lips in a half gasp.
and the prospect of just going right here and there made his fingers twitch in the air. He had to do something,
“So?” Sherlock says at last, shifting in his chair as he blinks up at John, shoulders tense as he waits for a reply.
“John,” Sherlock gasps, his voice shredded as he weakly rocks his hips, cock hardening further as another spurt shoots into John’s mouth.
It only further proved to him that Sherlock was being even a greater idiot then he initially had believed. Yes, take Sherlock Holmes, actual genius who genuinely thought he could fight his own bladder.
The image of Sherlock's cock stuck with him while John made dinner, it kept popping up, frustrating him even more.  Sherlock had more of a tapered foreskin, he thought, and such a small, dainty penis. The ancient Greeks would have worshipped him to bits.
Sherlock looked self defensively down at himself, his face was flushed a bright red. “What are you implying? Obviously I can’t hold myself, John. The bones in my arms are both fractured, reducing me to a futile cripple, though let me add, you are doing an inimitable job of holding my penis.”
Focusing on controlling his pulse and breathing, Sherlock bent up one leg to better disguise his state while his fingers worked around the head of his cock, lightly brushing his glans through his pyjamas and rolling his foreskin while staring at John’s side profile and categorising the many ways he frowned while reading an article.
“Oh don’t you John me! You’ll stop it this instance or need I hold your desperate little cock again, Sherlock?”
Finally he opened his mouth, and Watson found his voice to be uncharacteristically hitched as Holmes muttered, "I'm too...Watson, I cannot possibly....it's too sensitive."
He cleared his throat as he indicated to Holmes that he was about to touch him, needing to check if nothing was out of sorts.
Sherlock wants to calculate some utter nonsense about the limits of his concentration, and so has been looking for a candidate to give him a--
Adjusting the blanket a few times, John forced himself to finally let go of it and get back into the kitchen. Whilst Sherlock was out he might as well make use of that and take a much needed shower.
Like a flash it came back to him and hit him all at once. It hit him like a lightning bolt would hit someone, sudden and blindingly clear that the result had John’s chest heaving.
Trying to swallow it down, John coughs with some effort, grimacing. Pulling off him, he wipes his hand on his shirt, heart still racing from his high. He still can’t quite believe that he’s under the kitchen table, kneeling between the spread legs of his flatmate, seeing his cock beautifully spend. The taste of it is still on John’s tongue.
Flustered at standing in a public toilet with his hand wrapped around Sherlock Holmes’ penis, John could scarcely believe his nerve. The detective however remained stoic as he kept indiscreetly shuffling on his feet, waiting for John to do as he demanded.
Finally, he flickered his eyes to Watson, his expression quickly becoming guarded upon meeting Watson's determined and concerned gaze.
A white bearded figure suddenly appeared in front of them, tightly gripping a cane between red, dirty fingers, and then with a swift unexpected movement, swung the end of the cane between Holmes' legs.
Against his better judgement, John made a telling motion with his hand as he continued helplessly, “I mean, it’s impossible for me to not care about you. It’s not--, none of this is in any way clinically appropriate.”
Rubbing the head of his cock against the radiator, Sherlock gritted his teeth at the oversensitivity, his penis flushing a bright red at the stimulation.
Strangely, as John had recently observed, Sherlock’s presence rendered him into a state of calmness, a world where he could follow up his current task with deep rooted concentration. This, well, he hadn’t given it much thought before, but he felt that he had become hyperaware of Sherlock’s presence - or sudden absence.
“Of course you asked, John. You always ask. Quite insistently so,” Sherlock replied, eyebrows drawn together at the question as though he didn’t understand what John was getting at.
To his dismay, the doctor suddenly crossed his arms and raised his eyebrows at him as if to say 'really?'.
Impatience settled down his nerves as Sherlock watched John drift further into sleep, oblivious to their sticky mess.
"Sherlock, dear? Your two helpers have arrived! I thought you might be a bit of a handful for John alone to handle."
The detective jerked at the cold, accidentally knocking the ice away. John moved it back and faltered a split moment at the sight of his flushed prick. It was starting to shrivell again.
Crossing the pavement, John hurried towards it, opening the door of the car and letting Sherlock slide in before he followed him.
"Obviously, John," Sherlock replied tightly, crossing his legs suddenly, squeezing himself not all too subtly.
John felt guilty; there was no other word for it. He felt like a guilty pervert. The truth was, he couldn’t do this any more; he couldn’t take advantage of Sherlock like that.
“Christ, Sherlock. Your lovely wee is getting all stiff,” John murmured hotly against his neck as he gave Sherlock another light squeeze making him shudder. “It’s so hot.”
As if in a trance, John’s keen eyes followed Sherlock’s bum, his mind feeling as clouded as the mirror above the sink. His heart hammered in his chest as the subject of his attention disappeared behind the shower curtain, leaving behind a rather dazed doctor.
Finally, John made sure to leave the door open before he bolted from the room, escaping to his own and making it a point to slam his door shut.
“John. I’m not having a cold shower,” he stated, affronted, eyes following the shower head in John’s hand.
“Oh, yeah.” John paused, staring distractedly between the door to the bathroom and his left hand that was holding Sherlock. “Right, sorry. Is your lil’ one still alright?”
When the two assistants had walked in a few moments ago, and John had seen Sherlock's tense face observing him, he knew that this wasn't right, that Sherlock had called them because he thought John didn't want to deal with him and his bodily restrictions again.
The detective frowned as he relaxed again, not understanding what the doctor was so embarrassed about.
Watson didn't comment on it, but he was glad to note that the man's privates were still intact enough to achieve an erection. In a way, this knowledge almost calmed him down.
He didn’t expect the detective to reply so John went back up to his room and put some fresh clothes on. He yet had to move some of his things to Sherlock’s bedroom. In fact, there were many things he yet had to do.
Exasperated, Sherlock scowled at the doctor, annoyed that his gesture of appreciation wasn’t recognised.
John drew a sharp breath, crossing his arms to keep him from punching Sherlock as he said, “Oh yeah? Well then keep working on that data because your conclusion is rubbish. And even if I did have a crisis on my sexuality – which I assure I do not - it wouldn’t be because of you, you arrogant git.”
However. John would conduct an experiment of his own now, namely one in which he was going to find out how desperate Sherlock Holmes needed to be until he'd say something, anything to John.
He hesitated, before he said after a moment, “And you’re fine if we get messy? Say I played with you while you... and then I'd put my hand against your weeing cock?”
Feeling unhelpfully wobbly on his legs, Sherlock clumsily stood up, mind spinning as he moved back to the bed.
John was starting to get furious, and shook his head, glaring at Sherlock. "Stop it, Sherlock! I've seen how you gulped down that first cup! You need more water, damn it!"
Facing himself in the mirror, John really shouldn’t have been surprised with Mrs.Hudsons’s reaction at his appearance. He did look terrible, dark circles were plastered under his eyes, appearing as though he hadn’t slept for days. He had no idea how Sherlock managed to never have them, especially since he never slept a bloody wink. Nothing made sense when it came to the detective.
Because as he craned his neck to the side, trying to stretch the tense muscle, not only did John wonder why he was fully clothed in bed, shoes included, he also wondered why his pants felt so familiarly sticky. If it weren’t for the fact that a head full of dark curls met his gaze, John really would have believed for a split moment that he was back in his teenage years, right when he was just fourteen.
. Wanting to tease Sherlock through his last aftershocks, John leans down, accidentally dipping his tongue into Sherlock’s weeping slit making the man jolt and cry out from the overstimulation, more ejaculation suddenly hits the roof of his mouth.
Mrs. Hudson paused, looking at him for a moment before patting his arm. “I think he’s asleep now, maybe let him doze for a bit. But you go and have that nice cuppa I made; I think that’ll do you some good, John.”
Maybe John should wait just a bit. It was not like there was any rush to fully move into Sherlock’s bedroom.
"Right," John said finally, walking out of the room, wondering if Sherlock would notice it if he appeared just a minute or two earlier later.
, it’s all I want. It’s you I like, and I want to… make you feel good. I like seeing you when you’re,” John hesitated then, licking his lips before forcing himself to continue, “Alright. For example I like seeing you when you’re in need for a piss. Because, yeah. Because it’s rather nice to see you in that way.”
He wanted to close the distance between them, trail his hand down Sherlock’s back, follow down the line of his dress shirt, and just squeeze that beautiful pert arse. Or pat at it gently – just, getting to feel that rounded swell. He was sure it was firm and tense with muscles.
He yet hears another heavy breath above him and finally decides to let go of Sherlock’s hips, watching him thrust upwards as John curls his fingers around him, pumping the shaft only once before pulling away again.
Later, he had consulted with his inner and more professional side that, perhaps, someone else should look after the madman and help him with those things. But then he considered the fact that this was Sherlock, and Sherlock would hate to be surrounded and helped by some strangers - not to mention - John would too.
Putting shaving cream on his face, he shaved off his morning stubble, washed his face and brushed his teeth before opening the door and-
’ like that just was ludicrous. And then there was the fact that he didn’t even want somebody else to come and see Sherlock like that. The thought wasn't right. And though he knew it was utterly unprofessional of him as a doctor, John couldn't think up any other options but to let it be for now.
It was nearly unthinkable that Sherlock had eaten all of his damn noodles. It was the second time in a row that he had finished a whole portion.
Suddenly a desperate stream hit the white tiles, splashing for just a moment before abruptly coming to a halt again. Sherlock almost mewled with the effort of holding it back.
Well, in this case, the great Sherlock Holmes was distressed because he needed to piss. And apparently, needed to piss very, very soon.
Ignoring Sherlock’s speech on the system of his closet, he made the detective sit on the edge of his bed, throwing trousers and dress shirt at his face whilst wondering about the room temperature. John shivered like a freezing man as he proceeded to roll a pair of socks on long pale feet. Noticing his own bare feet, that’s when he realised he was still wrapped in his damn towel.
For one, John would heavily disapprove of what Sherlock was doing, possibly forbid this behavior altogether. It’d likely be classified as one of those things that were ‘not on’ in a flatshare between two flatmates. And secondly, Sherlock withered the game would be over if John knew, and that was near too intolerable for him to consider.
And John was barely doing anything. Just. Little tiny rubs, little circle like movements of his hand, nothing more, nothing less. There, with the flat of his hand pressed to Sherlock’s lovely and stiff cock.
John hushed his shuddering gasps as he pressed swift wet lips up his neck before drawing back again to take care of Sherlock’s distressed transport. "That okay?" he asked.
“John,” Sherlock tried after John gradually came down from his high, neck flushed and mouth agape. “John, I need you to clean up. Now if you please, seeing as I can’t do it well myself.”
John was overcome with the sudden image of Sherlock needing to piss, whatever the stubborn git wanted to or not, it was good to know that even his detective had to go from time to time. It was a bodily function that Sherlock could not just easily ignore without facing the consequences.
Never having minded John’s close proximity, Sherlock had allowed him from day one to break his personal space rule. Sometimes it happened that John leaned towards him or brushed his arm in a way that made Sherlock’s breath stutter, in rare circumstances Sherlock would even lose the train of his thoughts altogether as the stir of arousal clouded his senses.
To see an elegant man such as Holmes in his crisis and listen to his muffled cries was nothing short of how he had imagined it. It was mesmerizing to watch him spill his essence. And Watson quickly followed him, holding a tissue over himself with a short groan.
Never before had John paid any particular attention to Sherlock’s loo habits, but now that his mind was set on the subject it came to his attention that Sherlock rarely needed to use the loo. Even during a case, John couldn’t remember an instance where the detective had cursed about his bladder. He definitely would have noticed Sherlock disappearing for a few minutes to the bathroom. But thinking about it, John was sure that Sherlock considered this just another bodily inconvenience of the 'transport'.
Blinking rapidly, Sherlock felt rather than saw John grasping his penis, holding it between his fingers as he attempted to open the door with his other. Shifting restlessly on his feet - anxious to control himself - Sherlock let out a hiss when John’s hand gently started tugging at his foreskin, playing with the sensitive head underneath.
As predicted, the doctor clenched his jaw and shifted in his seat as he began speaking, “Bunch of pricks they are all. Have you heard that bit from the House of Lords? Tell Mycroft they can all go and fuck themselves. I hate that lot.”
And before he was aware of what he was doing, his fingers trailed over the spot as images of yesterday swept over his eyes.
"John! 10 minutes, 600 seconds!," Sherlock interrupted, looking annoyed that John wasn't getting the message.
An offended noise suddenly escapes Sherlock. “Must you be so crude? I didn’t propose it in that way, I simply stated what following procedure my exp-,” John interrupts him with another kiss.
“J-John,” Sherlock choked out a string of incoherent gibberish as the movement sent sparks through his whole nervous system, making his bladder cramp and his sensitive nerves jerk. Without warning he felt a mixture of precome and piss spurt out of his urethra, damping his cockhead, and instantly making Sherlock lose all control.
Blessed relief spurted into Holmes’ hand and into his shirt, eyes clenched shut as he spent himself.
he really wanted them to work this out. “Look, from what I remember, this was me overstepping things. I wasn’t… I know I was bloody drunk, but did I ask you, Sherlock? Because I don’t know if I did,” John said, unsure who he even was in the first place. “I shouldn’t have-, none of this I should have done. It's really bloody embarassing that I returned like that.”
John’s breath stuttered at the clear picture that his mind produced. Sherlock was definitely standing, and pointing his-,
Trying to keep quiet, he gripped his laptop and furiously rubbed it against his clothed length, closing his eyes as he intently payed attention to the noise behind the unlocked bathroom door.
John could just go on and swipe a thumb over it and Sherlock would quiver down the floor, knees buckling and everything. If John as much as grazed the slit or went on to scrape a fingernail over it, he was sure he’d have Sherlock
Suppressing a smile, he reached his hand up, bothered by the wet curls that were hanging over the fluttering eyes of the detective.“Here, let me fix that…”, he said, as he carefully stood on his tip toes, brushing the dark strands of hair away and pushing them back on top. Even wet, the hair underneath his finger tips was unbelievably soft and John couldn’t help but slide his hand once more over the scalp.
Gently, slowly, John pressed and rubbed with his palm open. Pressed and rubbed. Pressed and rubbed until Sherlock couldn’t anymore.
For the first time in his life he came untouched in his pants. It was nothing like he thought it’d be like. An audible groan passed his lips as he pushed Sherlock’s prick against the wall, rubbing it vigorously against the tiles, and coming at the sight of it; coming at seeing Sherlock suddenly spurting and smearing the wall with his own essence, making a complete mess, penis twitching in his fist.
. In fact, the doctor was overly eager to indulge Sherlock at all hours of the day. It was good, mind boggling, for lack of a better word.
It was a sight that Watson was not familiar with, it rendered him to stare at the detective in open curiosity.
“Hm?” Sherlock replied distractedly as he moved his head up towards John’s direction as understanding dawned on him.
. Heart hammering in his chest, John found the sight, for lack of a better word, utterly intoxicating.
Frankly, John didn’t even think of that, he was sure they had it already figured out. From the moment they started snogging, John thought it was sorted that they were - well. Boyfriends. Partners.
Tentatively he moved off the bed and tucked himself back into his drawers, taking some tissues in his hand to mindfully clean up. Meanwhile Holmes observed him with one eye open, humming in content as Watson leaned down and picked up his spent prick, handling it with utmost care as he wiped its tip, easing the foreskin back to gently dab around the crown.
Sherlock definitely liked to be kissed – as long as it was not below his collarbones. He even seemed to like their snogging sessions more and the attention John kept giving him when he indulged the detective.
But then of course Sherlock had to go and shatter his triumph by reminding him of something. “I’ve told you, John, no pants. My sensory receptors are--
This was their day then; he thought as he stole another glance at John reading fully immersed the national politics section.
Flustered, John quickly yanked the door open, letting the detective go past him without a word. It was an unfortunate thing then when John’s self control over this whole god-damn situation was about to slip away. With Sherlock’s back turned, his eyes swept over the tall form of the lanky detective, staring at the snug dress pants around his hips and noting the way his bum stretched the material. And John was transfixed by the need to
An ‘oh’ escaped John’s lips. Still feeling tense what he actually wanted to talk about, he continued to stare at Sherlock’s crotch.
John gave Sherlock his most loving smile as he straightened his back, turning to the counter to make his detective a generous cup of tea.
Sherlock, apparently wholly unprepared for this gesture, stiffened at the touch, rapidly blinking as his brain struggled to register what was happening.
Having not foreseen John’s action, Sherlock jolted with a torn sound between a whimper and a yell at the unexpected touch, knees buckling at having his hypersensitive glans touched. With a hot flush on his cheek, Sherlock panted, “Not that procedure, John. Do-
Sherlock downright looked miserable as his emotions were on full display for John to see. From one minute to the next his emotions seemed to shift quicker than John had even thought possible.
John quickly averted his eyes, coincidentally settling his gaze over the detective’s crotch, seeing the shape of his small soft prick resting on his thigh. Licking his dry lips nervously, John contemplated how he should approach the subject of his fantasy.
“J-John!” Sherlock yelped helplessly when John kept his hand curled around his vulnerable testicles, not doing a thing to stop Sherlock pissing over himself and down the floor.
Hasting to not waste any more time than necessary, Sherlock flexed his hand and methodically draped his untied dressing gown over his pyjama bottoms, careful to position himself in a way that would not show the obviousness of his action before plunging his hand deep inside the pocket of his dressing gown, feeling himself through the thin layer of his pyjamas.
“John! I need to-,” the detective frantically moved his legs, “-I’m going to piss! I’m going to piss, now!”
Glancing at his watch, he figured it was best to leave and make their way back to Baker Street; Molly was probably clearing the slides away anyway, not to mention, John didn’t want her to see what he and Sherlock looked like at the moment.
Carefully, John moved his hand down and trailed a finger over the shrunken length to get a better sense of the size, looking and estimating.
And John was his friend; lusting from afar was arguably a different story then lusting right next to him under the pretence of ‘help’ – Sherlock had no idea what it was really doing to John, this whole ‘helping’ and ‘assisting’ thing. God, John was a sodding sex pest . Almost tossing Sherlock off  –
The glass was pressed against Sherlock's lips. The detective decided to be clever about it and took a little sip, before leaning away once more.
“Right, right. Sorry,” John said hectically, biting the inside of his cheek as he re-aimed the stream down the urinal.
Giving Sherlock another affectionate kiss on his shoulder, John’s hand trailed up towards Sherlock’s chest to collect even more soap, gathering it up like lost stardust before pressing the palm of his hand to Sherlock’s hardening length.
Despite the experiment, Sherlock is still wearing those bloody fine dress pants, looking unnecessarily fancy for the occasion and John doesn't know what to make out of it. If Sherlock expects him to make sure no mess is done to his clothes then he is well bloody mistaken.
himself. John liked to think Sherlock couldn't control himself at all once he was hard, it was an exciting notion that he at least hoped to be somewhat true.
Turning towards the toilet and acting as if relieving himself was more urgent than pulling Sherlock's shirt away, John lifted the seat up, focusing on the noisy sound of the shower.
“I’ll take care of this,” he murmured, slowly pumping his hand again, suddenly aware how sensitive Sherlock was.
the sight of Sherlock’s cockhead. He loved seeing it bare and exposed. Those few times he had indulged Sherlock, he had done his best to explore this incredible sensitivity with careful little touches, he had teased the detective and made that beautiful brain go absolutely mad with lust; Sherlock’s soft cockhead was just fantastic to play with.
But he knew it wouldn’t do much for him, it probably would make it much worse. Right- no, John needed to keep his heart far away from his sleeve.
Turning on the water tap, he furiously cleaned one of the dirty plates. It was awful what position John had put himself in, if only he had known how much he’d regret this. He barely could remember how all of this had started in the first place. But it all came down to this stupid case, if Sherlock only had listened to him then they wouldn’t have to deal with this whole trouble that those broken arms brought into 221b.
, listening and hearing how his urine rushed out of his tight little piss slit, hearing how it hit and sprayed the bowl with a loud hissing noise.
"-Hence my calculations, it's an absolute necessity that the pace is graduate. Because the experiment requires time, expect to include this precaution. Undoubtedly as you have wondered, the measurement of my concentration will be linked in my mind palace. My hypothesis can only lead to sufficient data if the procedure has been done as instructed, John."
from the hyper-sensitivity. Because he was already so sensitive, it was much too easy to accidentally overstimulate him. And John figured that It probably didn’t take all that much to turn Sherlock into a sobbing mess. But he'll find that out eventually at some point.
John’s smile fell from his lips. “Oh. Well, that’s up to you, I guess. I wasn’t exactly open with what I told you. It’s – ah – well. I just can’t concentrate when you...y'know.”
The doctor lingered for a moment longer, before he left the room, washing his hands to make them dinner.
Confused but relieved, John moved so he fully faced the sulking detective. Tentatively, he pressed his knuckles to Sherlock’s as to get his attention. “Sherlock…what about boyfriends?”
Standing up, he moved to open his small wardrobe, contemplating if it was the right time to move his clothes yet.
Looking semi satisfied with his answer, Sherlock narrows his eyes, shaking his head. "Really, John. Is your attention span this poor around your girlfriends as well? If the instructions fail to be fulfilled I must draw data from a second conduction. The results are of utmost importance."
Blinking, John suddenly shook his head, coming back to reality. He needed to do something. Sherlock definitely needed help in the shower. After all, how was he supposed to put shampoo on his body? It was only reasonable, and aside from that, John could not leave Sherlock unsupervised in the shower; the idea that Sherlock meanwhile relieved his bladder in there was simply out of question.
Hearing Holmes say this, brought up to his attention that the detective was indeed just a man, which Watson was well aware of, but sometimes it simply seemed natural to forget that fact with Holmes being compared to a machine ever so often. But Watson fortunately knew for a fact that the detective was very much human.
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth, seemingly considering what he was going to say, but ultimately deciding to after all remain quiet. John was alarmed.
He barely heard his own voice, his heartbeat was so loud it seemed to over tune it. Feeling defeated, he slowly sunk down on his chair, expecting Sherlock to walk away.
. He couldn’t because he, unlike Sherlock, respected privacy. But regardless, knowing that John could just walk up and open the door at this very instance was enough to bring him over the brink. And imagining what would happen, what he’d see definitely wasn’t any less of a turn on.
He had held that lovely prick in his hand, had his fingers around it as he had rubbed it against the tiles, stimulating him much too quick, before feeling how- - just, how Sherlock had jerked into his fist, and then-
Snapping his head toward him, Sherlock’s surprised eyes widened as understanding dawned on him. He struggled for a moment. “John,” he let out, exhaling loudly and sounding both frustrated and pleased, “Must you always be this slow? I prefer the word ‘partner’ over ‘boyfriend’.”
Four weeks until the bones in his arms healed. 29 more days until he'd be rid of the gypsum. 8  more weeks until John Watson decided to forget what had happened. 12 more weeks until Sherlock could get back to his plan to convince John that he didn't need girlfriends.
not entirely devoid of results. John's occassional smiles that were directed at him kept appearing 5,5% more often prior to his efforts. Sherlock avidly held on to that number, he couldn't stand the thought of possibly receiving any less of John's special smiles,
Following up the stairs, he entered the living room, words flittering through his head as he thought back to what he had said five hours ago.
John made an obscene show of filling the cup with water, he poured the liquid, slowly, with an approximately ten inch wide gap, humming to himself carelessly while the cup filled. Sherlock nearly let out a yelp as he felt a spurt of urine escape into his expensive pants.
Needing to catch his breath, John pulls away, gasping with a grin on his lips, “You do mean this kind of sentiment, right?”
Blinking his eyes open, Sherlock dazedly stared down at himself, slightly flustered at the sight of John eagerly watching the display of Sherlock’s lack of control. Helplessly, his stream gushed out in all directions, hitting the wall and spraying the shower curtain and the bottom of the tub with a particularly loud hissing noise. His cock jutted from the attention John was giving him and becoming more sensitive with each passing moment, making Sherlock’s breath hitch.
John hesitated. ”Yeah, well. Just recalled what went on last night and…y'know. Really not that good.”
“It was fine, John. You asked, I gave my consent. Obviously you liked it as you so blatantly informed me. It was…” Sherlock seemed to struggle for a moment, eyes flickering over John’s clothes as he continued, tone somewhat quiet, “It was good. I didn’t mind, John, and if I did, I assure, I would have been more than capable of having said no.”
covering him below the waist. Blinking at the sight, John watched as the mad man strolled passed him, critically inspecting the food in the kitchen and immediately complaining why John didn't make the thing with the peas.
He is still unconvinced if this is not a horrid idea after all. But there he is, sinking down to his knees, his kneecaps touching the hard floor as he makes his way under the table to meet the long lanky legs of his flatmate.
It seemed that mornings such as these were particularly getting to him. With John pattering around the flat, making toast and tea and humming contently to himself, Sherlock scarcely could help it but not
With the detective's legs nicely spread, Watson carefully touched the sensitive scrotum, gently cradling the delicate flesh in the palm of his hand, looking for any signs of distress. His bollocks were both swollen and red, and Holmes' member jerked when the doctor carefully massaged them.
Looking at him for a moment, John put his hand on his thighs, caressing them with a self satisfied grin.
“Dressed, I’ve got a date,” John said, sliding a hand through his hair, looking hesitant. “Well, it’s a lunch date. She said she can’t do evenings because she has to get up rather early. Wish me luck?”
John approached them, turning to his flatmate with a frown. "What? Sherlock, I thought I told you that I don't mind helping you," his voice was irritated. John wasn't pleased about the assistants.
John paused then, surprised how important this question felt. John thought he recognised this look Sherlock was giving him; Sherlock was trying to see how much John was willing to say - admit or hold back. And John really had little choice at this point.
This happened more than just once and John wondered suddenly how he had never thought of this before. It was actually fairly clear what this had been all about. Sherlock just liked how he smelled naturally, body odor and sweat included.
A silence stretched the room as John fidgeted with the tube of the creme in his hand, while Sherlock scowled and cursed his transport.
Sherlock’s shy tone instantly makes John’s heart burst in his chest; there is only so much he can do to not throw himself at the detective and kiss him once again breathless.
His prick sure as hell didn’t look like it, the shaft was so red that it could have been mistaken for a sunburn, making John wince. And as he looked at it, Sherlock started to fidget at the sudden attention, shifting from one foot to the other. At once the atmosphere had almost instantly grown awkward.
They should have done the talking yesterday, they were idiots. God, who was he kidding? John should have talked to Sherlock right the moment he saw him awake. John shouldn’t have put it off, he should have- -
Exhaling hotly, John couldn't stop staring at Sherlock's crotch. "Well, you great git, uncross your legs if you expect me to hold you!" He thought it best to appear passive aggressive, in hope of overshadowing his more than inappropriate excitement for the situation.
And like a wonder it worked. John almost held his breath, waiting for Sherlock's tantrum to emerge, but nothing came.
Biting the inside of his cheek, John was tempted to do as he said but decided against it as he followed him, hoping to get this over with as quickly as possible. Shifting on his feet, John focused on his clinical detachment as he stood next to Sherlock, gesturing with his hand awkwardly. “Right then. You okay if I just…?”
“Gag me? No one gags me, John.” Sherlock scoffed in an arrogant manner, crossing his ankles on the couch.
He was just so very needy to let go already. Lovely and so breathtakingly needy to piss with his desperate little cock.
had he been doing last night? John, startled by the thought, frowned when he only remembered going out for a drink with Greg. Right, and then–
The detective already strolled into his room, leaving John behind in the hallway. Shaking his head, he fleetingly wondered if he should approach the subject just yet. Though thinking about it, John quickly changed his mind, deciding to better leave it off for now and pick it up once Sherlock was done with his all too important fancy-prancy hair affair.
Blinking, John was ripped out from his train of thought, feeling horrified with himself when he nearly had the detective piss the edge of the urinal.
At once, as if John’s sudden words had struck him, no scandalised him, Sherlock’s breath stuttered and so did his steady stream that rushed out of his flushed penis, surprisingly stopping, coming to a halt.
Shifting clumsily on his feet, Sherlock desperately tried to control his lower muscles as he started pissing all over himself, his penis aching and jutting up the ceiling now.
It was exactly what Sherlock’s been itching for these last days; the opportunity to unwind. Finding the right moment and the right circumstances as well as the right amount of time to do this during the day was more of a hassle than he cared to admit. His initial promise of not indulging in this too often was starting to wear off as Sherlock caught himself wanting to do it more and more frequently. The longer John remained in a room with him the more tempting it became to repeat this indulgence.
Blinking, Sherlock’s hooded eyes looked down at his swollen penis, seeing it twitch when John removed his hand from it. “Hardly. But that is of little concern now.”
John concentrated on the healing creme, putting some of it on the tip of his finger, and feeling the coolness of the transparent liquid. He tried not to think about the fact that he'd be touching Sherlock again.
!" The detective was completely flushed, when John bowed down and tried to pull the zipper of his pants down.
John pushed him into the bathroom with one hand on his back and the other on his penis, holding him firmly as he stopped in front of the loo,
John paused. “Sherlock. C’mon, you know better,” he tried to scold, hand travelling down to the nape of Sherlock’s neck, massaging gently.
What he focused on instead was to feed Sherlock and make sure he drank at least two glasses of water. It was going to be a long day for sure. And their talk definitely was not over for today.
“Of course, dear. But do make sure you look after yourself; there is only so much I can do for you boys. Now, I’m heading down again, I mustn’t burn my cookies.”
Sherlock looked away exasperated. “Yes as usual, John. Quite naturally, you smell good. I simply intend for you to discourage your use of scented products. It’s obviously not necessary.”
And indeed to John Sherlock’s curls looked fine, more than fine. They had their silky shine again and looked altogether soft. Truly, it was bit of a relief to see Sherlock’s hair in order again; his carefully arranged curls framed his face and John wished he could slide his hand through them.
“Mm, that too much soap you said? Alright, ah, let me just,” John carefully discarded the foam from Sherlock, instead lathering it up all over his thighs and buttocks.
Unable to look away, John stared down at him, eagerly watching as Sherlock tried to keep his stream clean and graduate, careful to not let his little cock spill the material of his precious Dolce trousers.
Let me know how you liked this chapter! I'm honestly not too sure about it but I figured it was time to just throw it out there before I spend another hundred years editing it.
“What? Why are you looking at me like-, oh.” Looking down at himself, John realised his towel had slipped down his legs, doing bugger-all to cover his limp cock.
“Well, maybe chemist is another one, but I can’t come up with any more definitions at the moment. Why are you…,” John trailed off when he saw the look on Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock?”
Sagging against the door frame, John pressed his lips near the dark curls, inhaling. He had been looking forward for Sherlock to do something like this, longing and waiting these last few days for Sherlock to initiate. It felt like he had waited for months and years.
“Christ, Sh’lock. Look at your piss slit,” John breathed as he moved his hand up again to pump Sherlock’s length between his thumb and forefinger, watching as a fine trail of piss rushed out. “You’re pissing everywhere.”
He could pretend that he and Sherlock are-, that they’re together and holding hands while being intimate. He could pretend so easily now. Pretend that they’re always interlocking their fingers while bringing the other one off, signalising that this is so much more than just about pleasure.
John shifted in his seat when the detective strolled into the living room, a scowl was on his face and John raised his eyes at him.
To being quite honest, John didn’t understand the question. For bonkers and all, he had no idea what Sherlock was getting at this time.
He looked over at Sherlock who meanwhile had sat down on the closed toilet seat, rapidly blinking at the floor with his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat.
“John, you should know I appreciate this,” Sherlock began carefully, gesturing his gypsum arm between them as he spoke. John’s heart skipped a beat at Sherlock’s tone of voice; he sounded more than uncertain.
Shuffling on his feet, John went into the living room to find Sherlock still pacing around with a sour expression on his face. Undoubtedly, the detective was bored and irritated to no end. John had a feeling it wouldn’t take much longer until he finally snapped. He was sure it was only a matter of hours now.
He recalled their earlier conversation, when Sherlock had been just released from hospital and asked him if he could possibly help him with his 'tedious' transport.
Sherlock looked uneasy at the cup of tea, and decided to better not make John Watson fret over him. He drank the rest of the liquid up, and hoped that John would be satisfied with his minimal drinking habits for the day.
Given the countless times John had gone out on dates with women, there was little indication that John had any attraction for men. Knowing the porn on John’s laptop, there hadn’t been a trace of interest in anything but women with breasts (bra size ranging from 40A to 38C), getting off through the act of self-stimulation with various types of toys (he had deleted the details). So Sherlock had quickly pushed down his disappointment and drawn his conclusions, categorizing John’s sexuality as clearly heterosexual and plain vanilla.
Watson slowly started stroking him, pulling from root to tip, and lingering on the foreskin to pinch it closed over the head, rubbing it vigorously against the crown.
For some reason the question prompts Sherlock to drop his gaze, shoulders sagging as he puts his cupid lips between his teeth, shifting again in his chair.  Then a silence fills the room and John feels his brows knit together; trying to work out Sherlock’s non-verbal reaction.
He was a doctor for god's sake! He ought to be more responsible, especially when it came to his irresponsible friend!
Mind reeling, a moan passed his lips as the involuntary urge overcame him to just press himself against John, to piss and rut against his jeans where the bulge was and stimulate his cock.
Sherlock scrambled for words. “F-Fine, yes. If you could just….ah, keep going.” He said, feeling another wave of heat travelling up his face as he hastily added, “B-But slower, perhaps.”
"I'll have you whipped and tied up, Holmes! How dare you rub yourself on that radiator, making it all dirty!"
Unfaced by Holmes' uncharacteristic awkwardness, he helped him walk to their flat, unlocking the door and stepping in with his friend, who was moving tentatively along. Watson thought that Holmes would manage walking up the stairs by himself, but he was soon enough proven wrong. The detective was barely four steps up when he gasped, struggling to maintain his composure.
John fought to keep a straight face. “Well. That’s the reason why I didn’t become a urologist. C’mon, you bloody well know I like your cock, Sherlock. It’s perfect.”
Shaking his head, he gripped the towel around his waist, holding the edge securely in his fist as he met his flatmate in the kitchen. From there it continued to be a silent blur between them, with John putting the shoes on Sherlock and Sherlock dashing off the moment John had finished tying the laces. It was a far cry from a Cinderella scene.
“Oh . . . I see. I believe our discussion was efficient enough to . . . distract me. But why are we talking about my penis, John?”
. Not knowing what the detective wants, John takes pity in his searching hand and finally closes it with his own, intertwining their fingers, waiting.
Even with two broken arms, Sherlock managed to effortlessly hail a cab. It was beyond John’s understanding how he did it. And yet there he was, doing as little as twitch a finger and half of London’s cabbies come stopping at his feet.
John’s unpredictable ways of passive-aggressive communication were yet another part of the mystery Sherlock yet had to solve. As he found, John deceived people by appearing simple, yet evidence suggested anything but. John Watson was a puzzle dressed in unassuming jumpers. The facts rather pointed towards a passive-aggressive and not-at-all-unattractive enigma who used various words such as ‘brilliant’ and ‘amazing’ and ‘lanky git’ to describe Sherlock. There was a complete list in his mind palace that had notes dedicated to John’s qualities:
Like a bolt, Holmes snapped his gray eyes to Watson. A startled expression formed his face, his mouth was hanging open as if he meant to say something. Instead, a gasp escaped his lips.
The press of his lips still tingled on Sherlock’s skin, soft and warm, electrifying his transport with a fiery pleasure he was rapidly becoming more and more familiar with. The feel of John’s hands, touching gently, overly careful, was all memorized and blueprinted behind his lids, and ultimately left a defeated sigh on Sherlock’s lips. John.
Inwardly groaning, he pulled himself together, moving his hands away to unbutton the last remaining buttons of the shiny shirt, looking down at the end of the shirt and further down to briefly, just briefly follow the hair that trailed down and down the-
Savouring the sight before him, John stopped just at the right moment, letting Sherlock catch his breath as he kissed along the nape of his long, flushed neck. “That good?” he asked after a moment.
–  n o t h I n g, not one bit  stuck out. It fitted. Just right. There in his hand. And John felt strangely,
Shifting, Sherlock lets his thighs fall wide open, beautifully displaying his balls and small penis, making John’s heartbeat stutter.
Sherlock twisted away so there was some distance between them as he looked up from the embrace. John held him by the waist before letting go slowly, reluctantly.
“Hey, none of that. You can tell me,” John said gently, hoping to not come across as pushy. His pumping hand stilled, instead giving the shaft a mercilessly tender massage and eliciting an impatient grunt from the detective.
Mouth agape, Sherlock blinked as his vision shook around him, trying to process that John, John Watson was in the shower with him, saying words-
Or maybe it was cherry wood, but he never got the hang of identifying wood types. It could also be Walnut. Walnut was an expensive kind and always looked good. Dimly he wondered if Sherlock picked his own furniture or if it was all Mycroft’s doing. But what did it matter? John will likely not get to see it as often as he initially thought he would.
. And while he did so he was holding himself, holding his soft penis between his long, pale fingers, aiming it towards the porcelain bowl, as he focused to not make a mess, to not let one drop escape to the floor.
His phone was on the table and Sherlock leaned down, methodically typing a message to his annoying brother.
The soft hissing sound was now a noisy stream, and it made John flush up with the knowledge that he was aroused just because he was listening to- –
Watson noticed that the word 'small' seemed to put Holmes someplace happy, or at least his cockstand seemed to enjoy it, twitching whenever the word was muttered. Watson suppressed a moan, and ignored his own aching erection.
Watson took a moment to study what he saw, abandoning for a second what he was supposed to be doing. For once, he was allowed to openly look at Holmes' most intimate parts.
, pointing towards his belly with a slight curve. And John wanted to keep him right there. Tilting his head down to see, he took hold of the zipper and dragged it down only for a fraction until, ah —
"Holmes? It's not- ," Watson paused, looking at his displayed manhood, and at Holmes' flustered face, blinking in confusion at what he was seeing. "Holmes? Are you... Why, I gather you seem to have quite a reaction to ice, my dear fellow!"
“Hey,” John put a hand to Sherlock’s cheekbone, tentatively caressing the soft skin. “Talk to me?” While he said this, it fully dawned on John that they really needed to work on their communication.
"Apologies, Holmes. I wasn't aware my moustache..," he trailed off, consciously stroking a finger over the rough hair. "I suppose I'll have to refrain from kissing your cockhead again."
Nothing, absolutely nothing gave John the reason to do this right now, perhaps he was feeling a bit mad and a bit over the edge, but at that point he was so far off to really reconsider his own actions. He was just so annoyed and frustrated with Sherlock and his stupid refusal to drink properly and go to the loo when he clearly needed to, that John felt he needed to change that.
Bending down, John carefully held Sherlock’s flaccid length between two fingers, pinning it up toward his belly and marveling at its dainty soft size as he distractedly washed Sherlock’s tightly drawn balls underneath.
As he discarded the plastic bags around the gypsum, John smiled apologetically at Sherlock’s shivering state, hurrying to fetch him his dressing gown.
– Sherlock couldn’t fathom how John did it, the slightest touch of his hands was just enough to still his mind, silence all and any coherent thoughts and fill him with a single, uncontrolled need for
And John was quite sure that Sherlock wouldn’t let it come so far as to doing the potty dance. Though the mental picture of his flatmate becoming all desperate while holding himself tightly, strangely quickened John’s pulse.
Exasperated, John sighed, letting go some of his bottled up frustration. Why had his life to be so damn complicated?
The doctor shook his head, trying to shake his improper thoughts away. He really ought to stop this, it wouldn't do well to ponder over his friend's small sized equipment like that. Holmes surely wouldn't appreciate it.
“What is it? There’s no evidence you’ve been uncomfortable with any of the tasks. It’s been three days. No, it’s something else. And speaking of privacy, I observed you. You’ve been enthusiastic, John. More so than usual, your masturbatory habits have increased the last few days, don’t think I haven’t noticed. Of course my data is not conclusive enough but for as long as I’ve known you, I gather it’s to do with a sexuality crisis.”
Sherlock instantly looked alarmed and stared at John with wide eyes, mentally checking what he might have done to put John off already.
“Nothing, just, your hair looks fine to me,” he said as his flatmate stalked towards the mantelpiece, inspecting himself in the mirror with a critical look. “I mean after three hours of hair trimming, why shouldn’t it, right?”
Watson smiled understandingly and let Holmes catch his breath, thinking he needed a moment. Though he was thoroughly surprised to find long pale fingers twitch against the sheets, watching them travel up to grasp the stiff length that was lying on Holmes’ belly. Fascinated and utterly aroused, he watched as Holmes weakly pulled at his prick, squeezing and stroking himself, watching Watson watch the movements of his hand.
He nodded down at Sherlock’s semi hard cock, feigning disinterest at its state; secretly pleased to see the glans still prettily exposed.
Blinking, John opened his mouth with some difficulty. “Going out? Where would you want to-, I mean have you looked at yourself?”
“Jesus, Sherlock! That’s not- bloody hell! Stop it,” he warned as he tightly held his gushing penis, watching how urine continued to escape the tip. “Sherlock!” he exclaimed.
Sherlock groaned painfully when he was forced to move, and simultaneously expected to control his tense bladder. With his trousers half undone and his cock out, he awkwardly managed to enter the bathroom. However, upon the sight of the toilet, he couldn't hold it anymore, it was simply too much. His self control over his transport at once slipped out of his grasp as he helplessly started urinating the floor.
“I…yes, if there ever was a chance,” he replied, feeling more and more miserable with each passing second.
Sherlock shifted in his chair as his cock treacherously jerked again beneath his pajamas, tip starting to poke out of the buttoned fly gap as John spoke. Flustered, Sherlock hastily crossed his legs, squeezing himself between his thighs as he tried to adjust his penis.
Sherlock of course deduced him hovering around his closed door, informing him that he was unable to open the door himself and then bloody adding that John ought to stop thinking so loud about his prick.
There was a strange look on his face that John couldn’t discern. He hesitated for a moment before he finally said, “Well, I can’t look away.”
So. There was that. Sherlock just really disliked being kissed below the chest; it was so blatant and obvious that John didn’t even have to ask him about it.
While Sherlock was able to open conventional doors with lever handles, he couldn’t at all do door knobs. The fact that the bathroom door and the entrance door of 221b both had door knobs were starting to aggravate Sherlock to such an extent that his urge to yell at them had become another frequent and normal occurrence at 221b Baker Street.
Blindly, he grabbed the first thing that appeared to be a dressing gown and swiftly returned to the bathroom to put it on on its owner. Being extra considerate of his flatmate’s nudity he tied it closed around his waist.
"Right, sorry," John let out, feeling nervous for some reason, "um, shall we or should I leave you to..?," he held up the creme and waited, scratching his neck.
“Why not?” Sherlock prompted, his furrow deepening between his brows. “You clearly were not appalled touching my penis, your response suggests that you think it un--“
. John hastily closes his lips around the sensitive tip, keen to gather the spurts of Sherlock’s semen.  At the same time, he cups Sherlock’s balls, feeling the drawn up flesh for a moment before finally moving his hand down, stroking himself furiously.
Unthinking and desperate, the words spilled out of John. His chest was so heavy with feelings that he thought he was going to burst open any moment. He stared at Sherlock’s back, unsure what to expect.
If it weren't for the fact that he had enjoyed it so much, having seen Sherlock's self composure slip to such an extreme level; how desperate he had been, and how needy he had been for John's help. And then John had held his cock and watched him lose control.
Sherlock had his legs crossed, effectively shielding the state of his cock from John's gaze. He cleared his throat, cheeks surprisingly pink, "Your timing is utterly atrocious, John."
John is on his hands and knees, carefully keeping his head down as he stares, stares at Sherlock's crotch. He's about to see-
“Oh, alright. How about you say red when you want me to stop, yellow when you need a pause, and green when you want me to continue, yeah? That okay?”
John went to the living room, stumbling over his words as he tried to apologise. "God, Sherlock. I'm sorry. Really, it wasn't-...I mean...It was an accident," he said lamely.
Sherlock blinked rapidly at the comforting warmth that John’s hand brought to him. Or to be more specific: To his penis. With his hand cupped over him, Sherlock decided he rather enjoyed the feel of John’s lax hand warming him. It was comforting.
John felt almost felt giddy whilst preparing everything that Sherlock needed in the bathroom. He turned to him, noting how the detective tried to stand still under his gaze. John's lips twitched at how obvious Sherlock was being. Never being quite as discreet as he thought he was with his feet shuffling from one side to the other, and then stiffly turning away from John, it really was an easy guess.
"Oh. That was brilliant. You know, you can initiate a bit more, right?” John said, realising that Sherlock barely did the initiating at all. “I would like that. I really wouldn’t mind if you…” he trailed off, wondering if Sherlock actually needed more encouragement with these things.
John had a vivid picture in front of his eyes of Sherlock smelling his chair and of Sherlock stealing his pillow from upstairs, face smashed into it as John attempted to get it back. Even the few occasions came to mind where all of John’s favorite jumpers have disappeared and John had to strangle Sherlock to tell him where they were. (“
Halting, Sherlock blinked hard, irritated with himself for not having heard the approaching footsteps on the staircase.
. And John stood there, knowing that if he just went on he’d . . . he’d have--, but that’s what he was doing right now. In fact, his hand was slipping inside Sherlock’s pants –
“God, sorry. Let me just--,” John scrambled to say, face colouring at his hitched voice. He forgot that Sherlock’s
“Sherlock, you can’t be serious. This is about… you know what I’m talking about, right? That bit I did in the bathroom? You know?” John asked insistently, careful to watch Sherlock’s expression.
Turning the shower off, he dried himself off, combing his dripping hair before wrapping a towel around his waist. He needed to talk to Sherlock, sort out this situation before he went completely bonkers. He just hoped their friendship would remain somehow unaffected.
Maybe Sherlock needed more time, he thought. It hasn’t been quite a week since they first started snogging. Sherlock was more the type who needed to first process such things before moving on to the next bit of intimacy, John concluded.
Must be a sign of his desperation. Christ, what John would have given to know what was going through that big brilliant head at the moment. Just imagining the turmoil inside that great mind palace, when all attention and focus was forced down to this one pressing matter...
The doctor had some sense to realise that this was a bit not good. Thinking about his best friend like that and pondering over the mental images of the incident over and over wasn't the best idea. He felt almost embarrassed.
"I think it's best we take a carriage back to Baker street, I must examine you. Can you stand up, Holmes?" Watson put his arm around Holmes' waist, and tried to help him up.
With a dry throat, he continued, “I love you, and because of that I can’t stand it. I can’t stand seeing you so dependent on me. It feels like we’ve become something more. You’ve no idea for how long I’ve been wanting to . . .  just, kiss you.”
He unbuttoned the top buttons, exposing one by one the sheer beauty of the skin underneath, a glowing ivory chest, looking all too smooth and milky in the bright light of the bathroom. Despite himself, John ran his eyes over Sherlock's torso, lingering briefly over the ribs that were showing, making a mental note to keep an eye on those. But aside from that, it was the most beautiful and perfect sight John’s ever laid eyes on. His breath nearly stuttered as he stared at it, stared at the flawless skin, stared at Sherlock.
Although John liked to maintain some healthy modesty, he wasn’t really the type to feel embarrassed at his own nudity. It was partly because of his days in the army. Though having
Sherlock hummed distractedly, peering into his microscope, appearing to not have heard a single word. Looking at Molly, she shook her head with a slight smile, saying, “It’s best I let coffee be. Drinking one in the afternoon makes it even worse for me to find sleep at night. But thanks, John.”
Sherlock chanted his name, probably unable to think about anything else but that he needed to piss -
He relaxed his grip, letting the sensitive cock rest in his hand whilst giving the delicate foreskin the lightest massage between his fingers, pinching it close just once to disrupt the stream and watch the messy result.
At once, John’s eyes snapped open, mouth watering at the thought that Sherlock had left the door unlocked - practically inviting John to join in and watch him.
Huffing like the drama queen he was, Sherlock pursed his lips as he braced himself for the cold water again.
Watson clenched his jaw, when he was shoved off by rough hands, and stumbled backwards. His vision was dense and clouded by anger and confusion; he still hadn’t entirely grasped what had just happened. The policeman had the man's hands tied, making some notes while Watson stared, dully noting a faint ache in his fists.
. Sherlock never despised beer more than he did at this very moment. The occasion alone was stupid, what did Lestrade intend to celebrate? His year’s worth of failures? It was utterly ridiculous. Birthdays were ridiculous.
John looked at the oversized dress shirt, trying not to chuckle. Sherlock had ordered several shirts specifically to fit over the gypsum. It was such a ridiculous thing to do and yet the git managed to somehow still look good. It was an endearing if not somewhat frustrating sight really.
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Sherlock bit out, feeling a hot flush rise up his cheekbones as he willed some sense into John’s head. He did not have time for this. “Even for being drunk you’re being unnecessarily obtuse. I must--, just please. It’s a very pressing matter, John.
Holding his breath, he stroked himself in his fist and leaned closer, unabashedly staring at Holmes pleasuring himself.
It usually ended all the same. John would clean himself and Sherlock up and then try to have bit of a cuddle. Well. Only that that had never quite worked out so far. With Sherlock being stuck in his gypsum, the detective often turned awfully moody or sulky after their shagging session; never quite accepting John’s cuddle offers.
Fisting his hands in the sheets, John refrained from the itch to just reach out and tame the wild curls back from Sherlock’s face and press his lips over the hickey to kiss it better. The detective looked so
So he decided it was about time. Besides he was a doctor, he shouldn’t let Sherlock hold it for much longer.
Watson held his breath, scarcely believing what filthy words escaped his horrid mouth. He stared at Holmes, waiting for his reaction. The man shifted on the bed, his neck was delectable pink and his face was clouded with a distressed need to climax, Watson admired seeing his partner so exposed and unguarded.
“Will you sit still already?” he finally hissed under his breath, eyes squinting in the dark light, trying to see what the matter was.
“J-John!” Sherlock almost cries out, voice raspy and choking. The sound instantly makes John's eyes roll to the back of his head. And –Christ - he hasn’t even properly started yet.
“Watson! It’s too much! I can’t, I simply can’t!” Holmes cried out, overcome by the sensation, a great trail of sweat ran down his forehead and Watson yet again pulled away.
It was now or never. John took a deep breath as he put his hand through the open fly gap, grabbing Sherlock's prick and guiding it out of his damp underwear until John had it safely out of his pants. Quickly adjusting his grip, John held the length carefully between his fingers, eyes quickly darting over it.
And peeing in the shower was out of question, John would not permit it. And if he caught Sherlock.....
The detective blinked twice, when he noticed that John had changed his trousers. Why did he change his trousers? There wasn't any reason to do so.
John leaned further back in his chair and slowed down the movement of his hands, not wanting to finish before the detective had fully relieved himself. Though now that John heard the first decrease of the steady stream, John was anticipating to soon hear the familiar tickle of the last drops hitting the porcelain bowl.
It was such a rare sight to find Sherlock like this in the living room that John couldn’t help but smile at the evidence. Secretly, he thought that the mad man looked utterly endearing when fast asleep, and he could barely keep the fact to himself that Sherlock was bit of a drooler. But looking at him now, John could see the plain exhaustion on his face, skin pale with a furrow between his brows. He did look worn out.
Forcing himself to look away from Sherlock, John went on and tossed the menu card at him. “We’re ordering some Chinese. What do you want to have?”
He had promised Sherlock he’d not leave his side. Having been incredibly vulnerable during his hospital stay, John had promised him he’d be there for him, acting as his third pair of hands and making sure to keep Mycroft’s meddling out of their flat.
Groaning, John fully unzipped Sherlock’s trousers, ripping the material open as he urgently fisted himself, aiming his cock down towards Sherlock’s balls as he came; making in thick spurts a mess all over them.
To being quite so frank, he didn’t feel like watching TV right now. Sherlock’s cuddle rejection stung a bit too much for John to go down again only to wait in vain for Sherlock to join him on the couch.
Cautious, as not to startle him, John guided Sherlock with his other hand down towards the edge of the bathtub, gesturing for him to sit down. That’s the one thing John especially had to keep in mind: to not leave Sherlock standing up when his climax hit him. Because as John has learned quickly, Sherlock became absolutely boneless and limp during his orgasms. So limp and boneless in fact that he couldn’t even manage to remain standing up on his own feet anymore.
Sherlock requested John to do the same. Delete that was. Only he didn't say much to Sherlock after he had disappeared upstairs. Clearly, the doctor was uncomfortable with the whole situation and as Sherlock deduced, he wasn't up to help Sherlock with his transport's demands after all.
Another pause passed between them in which the detective stared at John with calculating eyes, scanning him from head to toe. Stiffening, John forced his thoughts to come to a halt, hoping his face wasn’t an open book. He didn’t particularly like it whenever this happened, when he felt so on edge that he worried Sherlock could actually read his mind. Obviously it was rubbish, but it wasn’t like he could just go on and toss away this irrational worries.
John barely registered when he had started humping his laptop. The friction was just enough to keep him from pulling out his aching cock, but even if it weren’t enough, John knew exactly what he would have done.
He cleared his throat and went back to the bathroom, looking for the hydrocortisone cream to put on Sherlock later. He took a deep breath and tried to calm down. This day was really getting a bit overwhelming for him.
Without any further notice, John rounds the table, looks into Sherlock’s wide eyes before leaning down, pressing his lips against the cupid bowed ones and snogs Sherlock stupid on the spot with him responding without a second hesitation. It is exactly what John’s been hoping for this whole while, thinking he is already out of his mind for imagining anything like this could ever happen.
“The experiment, John,” Sherlock says, sounding distracted as though he is regaining his concentration back on his mould experiment.
. All of him is, and all John wants to do is touch. Not being able to restrain himself any longer, John leans down and finally cradles the sensitive flesh in his hand, eliciting a startled gasp from the detective.
Letting out a groan, Sherlock hoped to finish before the Captain pulled him away completely. He jerked against the warmth as he tentatively rubbed his length between the grooves of the radiator, finally having found a good spot.
right here and there felt nice, John could stand rooted here for a whole day if it weren’t for the fact that he was starting to feel cold from the lack of clothes on his skin. Sherlock felt perfect in his arms and John had to allow himself to linger on in the moment for a bit longer. With his fingers twirling at Sherlock’s nape curl, John moved his arms so they were wrapped around the detective.
vulnerable when sleep rumpled. The sheer overwhelming want John had for Sherlock made him gulp for a second.
Letting out a huff, he stumped around the flat, loathing the natural call for relief his transport demanded.
. He massaged his temples. A few days earlier he had worried his mind about how one could possibly keep someone with two broken arms entertained. It wasn’t an easy task to find anything suitable, especially when this someone concerned Sherlock Holmes. John had been so devoid of ideas that he had even looked up various parenting platforms (mumsnet) where a rand of activities were suggested for injured and bored kids. But to his exasperation nothing overly helpful came up. And there was the fact that John had to consider his own involvement in those activities, somewhere he simply had to draw the line. The idea of playing football or any kind of kick sport with Sherlock seemed more than just a bad idea. And bringing video games into 221b didn't seem any better. John was sure that if he were to buy one of those Playstations, Sherlock would only make a scene of shouting at it before throwing it out the window. Besides there was this issue of his fingers being partly broken as well, so he wouldn’t even be able to press the buttons. It was a good thing then when Molly came up and suggested she’d set aside some good odd samples for Sherlock to look at.
Exasperated, Sherlock tossed his head back onto the pillow, glaring at the wall. “I’m not no one, John. I simply stated what I meant, what you did was good and I would be amenable for it, should you care to repeat it at all.”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought,” John muttered as he left the room to instead go up and get dressed for a date that Sherlock all but ignored was happening today.
With the long lanky legs, John struggled with putting on the trousers; it was more than a tricky hassle. But once he had them up the slim hips, the worst was over. Pausing, he gently pulled the zip up, realising then that Sherlock probably never needed any tucking; he supposed it must be rather practical having a small and compact cock down there.
"Of course, John. Why wouldn't I? This is very....good," he said nodding to the soup. John had a feeling he meant something else entirely, but shrugged at it. He wished he only had known sooner how to make Sherlock eat so willingly. If only he had realised the secret lay in spoon feeding him, then surely the detective would have gained a few more pounds already. Really, he never knew what to make out of Sherlock’s unpredictable eating habits. After all, Sherlock just had two damn bowls of soup, and John knew he didn’t even like soup that much, so if this wasn't an achievement then John didn't know what the hell it was.
Pulling away, he looks at the sporting erection, feeling pleased. Sherlock’s tip is a brilliant shade of red, almost completely exposed now, his glans beautifully glisten with pre cum and John can’t help but trail his fingers up to tease near where the crown meets the edge of Sherlock’s foreskin. Careful in his ministration, John pulls back the skin, gently flicking his thumb over the slit to spread the fluid all over the head.
His flatmate needed more fluid, he wasn't drinking enough. The thought suddenly brought up the image of Sherlock pissing uncontrollably, and the way he had leant against John all flustered and exhausted with his pretty cock resting in his hand.
“Do get on with it,” Sherlock said somewhat impatiently, eyes flickering down as John hesitantly brought his hands down his waist, unfastening the button of his trousers. He couldn’t quite remember how long it’s been since Sherlock last needed the loo. John had actually been thinking about starting a journal to document the minimal drinking habits of his flatmate; he was determined to prove how neglectful Sherlock was being to his own ‘transport’. Tilting his head down, John was struck by the fact of how close they were standing next to each other, shoulders almost touching as his hands brushed the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers.
“John,” Sherlock rasped, “John.” It was almost too much, Sherlock’s knees were buckling – his legs were starting to give out and Sherlock was so incoherent voicing out a warning, he all but let out a desperate breath.
Ha, I almost thought I had a clean chapter, but then John messed it up for me… Oh well, not like anybody minds – riiiiiight?
Surprised at the sudden request, Watson shared a heated glance with Holmes, and undid the front of his trousers, never breaking eye contact. Holmes’ movement picked up as the doctor drew his member out, showing his well endowed length.
“Yeah, that’s rubbish. Even before you broke your arms you couldn’t be arsed to do any cleaning up. The whole flat is practically on me, Sherlock.”
Entering the men’s rest-room, John cursed under his breath at finding nothing but sinks and a wall full of urinals. He had hoped for at least a stall, so he could have avoided the embarrassment of anyone walking in on them, seeing how he--
Holmes was positively fidgeting as Watson simply continued to pin his hands down while he worked his tongue between the spread legs, lapping at the underside of Holmes’ bollocks, coming dangerously close to another intimate part.
A spectacular shade of red coloured Sherlock’s face. It was utterly endearing, and John’s heart raced. But before the detective could answer he was interrupted by the rude ringing of the doorbell.
This time he seemed to have made up his mind on whether he should say what he wanted to say before. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. That’s not what I meant. I assure your smell is excellent,” he paused, adding, “As usual.”
John was staring with unabashed want at the sturdy length that was thickening in his hand, twitching and still spurting out a flow of piss. He blinked a couple times before he realised that Sherlock was indeed growing hard and it dawned on John what he had said.
John couldn’t have any of that; he absolutely loved the sight of Sherlock’s shriveled up cock. He rushed in to assure.
But John barely heard him as he was too busy staring at the world’s most glorious body. Gorgeous. He will never get used to how breathtaking Sherlock was.
“Better stock up on soap, John. This is just ridiculous,” Sherlock said, lips twitching up slightly as his eyes knowingly flickered back at him.
“Sherlock?” John coughed. The detective looked positively hypnotised. Christ, why did he look so - so-
"I'm a doctor and your friend, Holmes. There's nothing I haven't seen before, and Mrs. Hudson is not in the house, I assure you there isnt-"
Squirming under the close scrutiny, Sherlock shifted his legs. His cock ached and precome was dripping all over the head and down his shaft. And with John’s fingers on him. Sliding up and down. Repeatedly. Nearly grazing the tip.
day after all. He had thought today was one of those days of just them together. Them and no one else.
, and not because drunk me liked saying that to you. Because, oh god, you know I don’t want to hurt your--”
“Christ, Sherlock. Mind if I…,” John trailed off, gesturing down to himself and dropping his gaze to Sherlock’s softening prick, seeing it all glistening and wet. Fuck.
"Stop thinking, John. I need...to...urinate," Sherlock panted as a helpless trail of piss started dripping down one by one onto the floor.
“J-John,“ Sherlock stuttered out, grimacing at the sound of his normally composed voice sounding overly off and not very
The dark wet and not so curly head whipped around, eyes somewhat wide. A moment passed and John narrowed his eyes when Sherlock suddenly angled his front away from John.
Slipping his hands down again, he blindly brushed the button of Sherlock’s trousers, teasing, he fumbled with it only to leave it unbuttoned. Cupping his hand over Sherlock, he felt him twitch under the material of his dress pants.
It was all Holmes managed say, and Watson knew this was all he needed to hear. He could read the helpless want in Holmes' eyes; hear the frustration in his tone for more stimulation. It was a great relief as the tension finally exploded between them.
John nodded and stood up from his seat, crossing the room in short strides. “Well, I’ll be back in a minute...”
Recognising the look that said ‘whatever-you’re-saying-I’m-going-back-to-my-mind-palace’ John paused and put his hands on his hips to give his flatmate a stern look of disapproval. Halting in his pace, Sherlock craned his neck to the side and grunted unimpressed as he met John’s gaze with a glare.
“Yes,” Sherlock sighed again. The detective was barely moving under the gentle spray of warm water, eyes hooded as he watched John’s hand sudsing up his sensitive length, making it all slippery.
Cursing, John quickly shed his clothes, leaving his red pants on before turning towards the shower, slightly out of breath in his hurry. He pulled the curtain aside, stepping in whilst taking a peek at what he was seeing.
“No, no, it’s nice, Sherlock. Lovely. I like it. A lot, actually.” He licked his lips as he looked up, nervous to voice his thoughts. “I’d really… May I, er, hold it?”
Sherlock sits unnaturally straight in his seat, gaze drawn on the table, apparently about to engross himself with his 'side experiment', pinpette in hand as he starts to work on his mold.  And John just stands there for a moment, wondering if this is really happening.
With a tentative nod and smile, Watson laid his hand on Holmes' thigh, feeling overcome with happiness and a sense of disbelief. He scarcely knew what he was doing when his thumb started drawing little circles on the pale flesh near Holmes' heavy sac.
On John’s insistence, Sherlock had drunk two full cups of tea this afternoon before John had dashed out the door to ‘have bit of a catch up’. It was tedious that John had left the flat; Mrs.Hudson certainly would have called their previous interaction a little ‘domestic’. Fact was that John not only was wonderfully caring and kind, John also was an idiot.
Gathering them under the table, he attempted to loosen the shoelaces before bending down to put them on Sherlock’s stretched feet, his thoughts meanwhile drifting into dangerous territory. Thinking of their previous talk, John was overcome by a sudden flame of determination and couldn’t help but take a chance.
For once and all, John is sure he has finally lost his mind. With Sherlock having put on his irresistible puppy face, John has no idea what he has been thinking saying 'yes' to this whole nonsense. Right before Sherlock's lips turned into this ridiculous pout (the one that always seems to test John's self-control to not plunge himself at the detective and snog him to bits) the word has just slipped out of his mouth, and so it happened that John has come to agree to 'participate' and 'help' with this bloody stupid 'experiment'.
Above him he hears a grunt, and John scrambles to focus on guiding Sherlock's penis out, tugging at it gently. He wonders if this experiment is really set up to examine the science behind concentration and sexual stimulus. After all, he's never sure with Sherlock, but a small glimmer in him thinks that there's more to it. They would need to talk about this, after-
"I'm inclined to admit that I'm eager to return to a warm place again, my dear fellow," he said as they walked along the road, leaving the park behind.
While heading to grab a flannel, John turned around once more, scratching at his neck. “Well, I hope. Unless you don’t want to –
“John, I need to--, yes, keep holding it like that until I’m-,” sounding erratic, Sherlock barely seemed able to finish his sentence, as he suddenly started pissing, “-until I’m done.”
Unless it had anything to do with John’s insistence of keeping the bathroom door shut. Sherlock thought it was ridiculous that John made him repeatedly ask him to open the door (with a forced ‘please’ and ‘thank you’, it was hateful). The conclusion was that John wasn’t telling him something.
? Sherlock that’s… that’s ludicrous. We’re not repeating that. We’re not--, and I mean it -- we’re not doing that again. That’s not what friends do, alright?”
John of course disapproved of the yelling part, having sheepishly looked up from his newspaper, he had said, “You know I’m right there if you need the loo. No need to insult its…knob.” Then he had glanced away from Sherlock’s unclothed state in an unmistakably guilty manner that Sherlock had seen through at once.
Sherlock blatantly ignored him as he threw his head back and shut his eyes, panting and looking far too much in pained bliss.
, and – and John can’t help it but lean forward, open his mouth, tilt his head, and encourage the detective to just – just – goddamn  f u c k  his throat already.
“Really, John. If you wish to bring me off, do get on with it. I assure I have no objections to it. However, I do require the bathroom first.”
“John,” Sherlock halted suddenly, pulling away with a longing look at John’s lips, “Will you still want a
Not that John was mad about it. He never expected Sherlock to secretly turn out to be a cuddler, but he at least was hoping for some post-sex time on the couch together. That’s what John was normally used to anyway. But with Sherlock it was different.
!” Sherlock went limp from pleasure, his cock stiffening further as the little metal bit grazed and rubbed the soft glans.
Blinking, John raises his eyes up to meet Sherlock's, suddenly realising that he's been staring not too subtly down the length of Sherlock's trousers.
“Shoes are in the kitchen,” Sherlock sputtered then, almost stumbling out the room without further word.
Immediately the hand he holds tightens its grip as John hollows out his cheeks, feeling the detective throb and jerk upwards, brushing against the roof of his mouth, all the while gasping. And John starts teasing him more, making sure to use his tongue all over the sensitive skin, his right hand meanwhile pins Sherlock’s hips down, feeling the ridges of the delicate hipbones in his palm.
He shook his head frantically, concentrating not to let the horribly teasing words affect his bladder.
Shaking his head, John stiffly walked towards the bathroom, opening the door, and waiting for the detective to follow behind.
Sensing that Sherlock wasn’t going to add anything else, John fiddled with the shoelaces, continuing more directly.
Sherlock sighs in exasperation, curls bouncing with the shake of his head. "You know how I abhor repetition, John. Yes, should my set of data remain inconclusive, then I do require a repetition. But I'll judge this once I’ve examined the results."
Suppressing a sigh, he tucks himself back into his pants before carefully emerging from under the table; his eyes are immediately drawn to Sherlock’s.
God, this was mad. He usually wasn’t the sort to get off on doing something like that. It was weird and filthy to just even think about it. And doing it was just-
It seems like a cruel dream, another idiotic fantasy about how John is somehow allowed to touch his untouchable flatmate, the object of his pining affections. It's just a bit much to take in. John barely can comprehend this.
When John finally got his shit together to knock on Sherlock's door and tell him dinner was ready, he at once felt a hot flame travel up his face, reminding him of their last encounter. It wasn’t helpful that he kept thinking about it. Really, it was a bit not good.
. Sherlock came beautifully against the wall, sobbing and crying out, and John had held him, aimed his prick against the tiles.
He carefully freed Sherlock’s arms from the plastic, and then made to hurry out of the bathroom, but then Sherlock called out his name, voice small.
And John was fond of sex, considerably fond. Sherlock was well aware of this, the data had been plain from the beginning, considering John’s many masturbatory habits and stupid courtings he called ‘dates’, it had been much too obvious from the start.  Now however with Sherlock being the center of John’s sexual interest –
Unimpressed by the threat, Sherlock merely cocked his eyebrow, as if not quite believing John would do such a thing, before turning around and disappearing behind the wall that led to the urinals.
“John- ah! I-I know you’ve deduced it,” Sherlock gasped, his voice an octave higher than normal. “P-Please.”
True to his word, John cleaned himself up before returning to Sherlock with another flannel in his hand.
This made Sherlock jerk his head towards him. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. It’s not even my mess, you ejaculated all over me,” he exclaimed in a reproachful tone.
"Ngh, John! Must your hand be so cold," Sherlock complained, jerking away slightly when John curled his hand around his length. Feeling it twitch and shrivel in his hand, John muttered a half hearted sorry when Sherlock let out a grunt.
The doctor snapped out of his daze, when Sherlock's voice rang through his ears all high and desperate. He focused his eyes on the detective half dancing around the table, looking so, Christ, utterly desperate.
, he told himself firmly as he forced himself to stay in the bed. Talk. John had promised himself that he would try to do this more. It was not as if he didn’t want to – god did he want to talk -  it was just that he wasn’t sure what it’d do good for them. For Sherlock and him. Because usually they didn’t do this. But John desperately wanted this to work; he couldn’t stand the thought of causing even more misunderstandings between them.
Holding the shaft with two gentle fingers, John tried not to stare; instead he forced his gaze towards the urinal in front of him, feigning indifference whilst his pulse raced all the same.
“Jesus, Sherlock! Keep it down, will you? Look, all I’m saying is that as your friend I--,“ John stopped then and licked his lips, frantic in trying to make sense of their conversation as words flittered undecidedly through his head, “You know, I care a good deal about you. But because you’re my friend I can’t just clinically detach myself when you need…”
He was most surprised to note that Holmes' length wasn't much bigger in this state, it was still considerably smaller than a cigar. And although Holmes' member was on the short side, Watson thought it was quite lovely and fitting.
Sherlock frowned at the question, looking down at himself before averting his eyes in an almost flustered gesture. “N-Not at all.”
He sprung up and opened the door, turning to the detective who seemed to have suddenly stiffened in his seat.
“I… I liked it when you stimulated me while I urinated. Given the lack for more data, I have no objections for a possible repetition. And I’d appreciate it if you continued adding adjectives when addressing my penis. Obviously, you enjoy that plentiful.”
His mind stuttered at the thought of seeing Holmes expose his stiff prick in his presence, the very thought brought an overwhelming hotness to his face and neck. Watson urgently pushed the improper picture out of his mind, and loosened his tie.
There was nothing in this world he’d rather do than give love to this poetry-worthy, absolutely perfect and gorgeous creature.
Licking his lips, he grew a bit wary with how still the detective remained; his eyes were closed, chest heaving, probably having an inward battle of some sorts.
"What? What plastic bags- oh yes," he remembered now. He had to cover up the gypsums with the bags if Sherlock wanted to take a shower. He also had to put his dressing gown away and unbutton the shirt he was wearing.
Sherlock’s breath stuttered as uncertain arousal clouded his mind, not knowing what was happening; he replayed the words over and over. He also looked down at himself, frowning as he repeated what he previously had said, hoping John would just grip him already. His bladder ached uncomfortably, penis feeling overly sensitive. If he could just-
Having always been hypersensitive for touch, it was a helpless battle to fight the trembling results of his transport – sexual activities in particular had this effect on him. As for such, it seemed John had taken an interest in this sensitivity that Sherlock kept attempting to hide; with only the most minimal touches he had discovered just where his buttons were. (
John eagerly stays still, letting the detective do the last bit of the work, watching the desperate rocking of the pale hips, and humming once the blunt head of Sherlock’s cock brushes the back of his throat.  With a strangled noise above, Sherlock sobs, frantic for more stimulation.
Looking somewhat disoriented, John watched as the detective recovered from having his hair rearranged, shifting somewhat away from the running water. His breath was shaky.
Keeping his hand on Sherlock’s hips, John resists the temptation to wank himself off, instead continuing to massage the cock around his lips. And good god, it is so smooth and swollen.
But Watson paid no mind to Holmes' near crisis, mercilessly holding his rosy cockstand in a tight grip, and giving the tip a loving peck of his lips, over and over, unaware his moustache roughly caressed the glans, stimulating them much too suddenly.
The detective was so aroused, he barely could form a proper sentence, lips trembling as he stumbled over his own words. "Watson, it is not...dear me, W-Watson! It is not...don't stop!"
“I really don’t think you get what--, never mind.” John shook his head, biting the inside of his cheek as he tried to stop imagining his hand wrapped around Sherlock’s perfect
. John’s professional and moral codex would suffocate from the lack of decency. It’d put him on the shame of walk, and that was simply not on. He couldn’t and wouldn’t allow it. There was no way it could happen again.
Sherlock straightened his back as he quickly nodded his head, eyes wandering from John’s mouth to his eyes. “John. I’m not…ah, good. In this,” he started, tone quiet as he looked away.
Before he knew it, the streaming sound of urine hitting the porcelain bowl, slowly became lighter until it finally came to a halt. John watched transfixed as he shook Sherlock's prick, slowly letting go of it.
John was transfixed with how the whole length of it fit in his fist, it was quite lovely really. And – and his glans – Sherlock’s pink dusted glans – they were peeking out on the top of his fist – exposed and visible. Put on view for John to see and touch.
And when he did Sherlock almost lost his balance, hips stuttering and legs tripping as John daringly swiped his thumb over the hypersensitive head. The reaction was almost instant. Alarmed, John quickly stopped the detective from falling down his arse, steadying him and laying a hand against his back.
Feeling hot in the face, John is sure Sherlock has no clue what this whole talk is doing to him - which he figures is a good thing. Admittedly, John's been thrumming with anticipation ever since that morning that Sherlock mentioned this particular experiment to him. That doesn't make it less mad of course. Because it is. Absolutely goddamn
John blinked at his white screen, not seeing any of the words that he had just typed. His fingers stilled over the keyboard, and he tilted his head lightly to the side to confirm that Sherlock indeed went to the bathroom.
Nodding, he put the cream over the red spot, massaging it. Feeling tempted to lean down and kiss Sherlock’s penis on the covered tip, John bit his cheek as he scrambled up to his feet, ignoring the urge.
Sherlock kneeled down, making it easier to press himself against the radiator. He carefully moved his hips to the side, caressing himself against the warm source. He tried to nudge his tip and his testicles against the radiator, hissing at the sensation.
Apparently having said ‘fuss’ was the final cherry on the cake that brought Sherlock down to his sulk. With his big dress shirt over his gypsum, the detective abruptly turned away, plopping down on the couch without another word.
“Blanket,” John groaned as he turned his body to the side, shuffling to get the blanket up from which they were laying on. Sherlock turned his head.
John couldn’t help the last word from slipping out because it was the truth. Sherlock’s cock was perfect and John wouldn’t have it any other way.
They stood two meters away from the toilet, when John suddenly felt a steady stream leave Sherlock's desperate prick.
John frowned. “Yeah, we could say that as well. Working-partners in crime and the like, whatever you like. But what’s this to do with our previous conversation?” John laughed light-heartedly, unsure what the detective was onto now.
Drawing a breath, John reached for the zipper, fidgeting with it as he pulled it down; trying to be careful in his ministrations as he recalled that Sherlock wasn’t wearing any pants.
While he would never admit it, John enjoyed watching Sherlock struggling to urinate without making a mess. It was a hell of a sight. With his lovely cock-head exposed, John hungrily stared down at it, hoping to get a better glimpse of the slit.
Scrambling for words, John finally said, “Right, sorry. It’s just, when I heard you behind that unlocked door I realized I want to try something out with you. I enjoy the thought of you... pissing and us engaging in this area. What are your thoughts on this? I know it’s a bit …much.”
John was so taken aback that he forgot Sherlock stood completely starkers in front of him, though as the detective finally turned around to face the tub; John’s grin faded, mouth parting as he was confronted with the sight of a lush round bum.
John didn't want someone else to replace him. He wanted to care for Sherlock. Theory: He didn't mind the incident in the bathroom too much. John being professional. Of course, John was a doctor, he cared for transports and their inconvenient urges. Fact: John was terribly, wonderfully caring. Conclusion: No assistants were needed. Just John.
The detective moaned and writhed under Watson's ministrations, apparently enjoying it. The doctor smiled and lovingly petted Holmes' length, feeling it twitch and harden against his fingers.
The stranger reeked of filth; he opened his mouth and slurred, "Deserved it with his big ego an' all. Stealin' ma things! Sombod’ shoulda hit him there."
Sherlock's penis itched and burned, the clothing irritated his skin. He shuffled a bit to fling the garment off of him, gasping relieved when his numb penis was breathing some air again.
Very slowly, John rubbed the flat palm of his hand back on Sherlock, barely stimulating him, just cradling and rubbing the shaft,
And John liked it. John especially liked seeing the rosy flushed glans peeking out from between the foam; the foreskin was almost fully retracted behind the head. Just.
. Admittedly, he did not fancy using any of them, it was far beneath his dignity. And Mrs. Hudson was of no help either, seeing as she went to her sister’s after having found out that John and Sherlock were having sex (“
Sherlock, still as boneless and limp as when his orgasm first had hit him, followed John’s eyes down his own body. Half his chest, legs and crotch were still covered in a mass of bubbly soap.
Sherlock and John watched suddenly in horror as John's hand started to shake, making the liquid in the steaming cup of tea spill over and land on Sherlock's thin pants.
Sherlock managed to just stifle a shirk, and abruptly sprang out of his chair, while John hastily put the tea and water aside and turned to Sherlock, pulling his pants down to avoid any further burning.
But John saw right through him as he leaned down to kiss the side of his cheekbone. “Mm, really sorry about that. Partner, then.” John moved up to nuzzle at Sherlock’s curls before withdrawing again.
The doctor was pleased that Holmes decided to listen to him for once, and watched with restrained eager as Holmes' nervous fingers opened his trousers, undoing the bulged buttons to reveal his tented drawers underneath. The thin material clung on him and Holmes made it a quick process to free himself, his face a sudden mask of relief as his prick sprang out of its confinement.
John’s hands were already palming the bulge in his jeans, cupping and squeezing as he arched his back, throwing his head back into the pillow as he gasped for air. “Christ, Sh’lock.”
Sherlock looked significantly less sour now. In fact, like a cat he followed John’s hand, adamant to get attention from it. And John let him have his way as his hand found itself in a tangle full of curls, careful to keep his touch light and not press down too much on the follicles.
Stroking, teasing, squeezing in minimal touches, Sherlock always withdrew his hand the moment John even moved an inch. It wouldn’t do well for him to find out about this.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock only nodded thoughtfully, unbothered by John’s exclamation. He seemed to be making up his mind about something. Was he…displeased?
Feeling all too sour, Sherlock sneered. Indulgence forgotten, he turned to his side, away from John.
The first thing John noticed was Sherlock's flushed body, the second thing he noticed was the dishevelled state of his bed sheets.
He'd be naked then, completely starkers. John felt his cheeks burn at the thought and hastily turned to the sink, hiding his face from Sherlock.
“Yeah, I reckon those bloody trousers are not helping, with how tight they are and all,” he said, keenly looking down at the bulge Sherlock was sporting. Seeing the material cling on him, John could even make out the shape of him, seeing how the tip of his cock strained right against the zipper.
John waited five excruciating minutes before he stopped his fake typing and put the laptop aside, grimacing at his sticky pants. Standing up, he went to the kitchen and shuffled around to boil some water whilst occasionally glancing between the detective and his microscope. Sherlock noticed of course and looked up; his curls were endearingly sticking around his goggles.
Admittedly, Sherlock was considerably flustered by this development. John, who was possibly one of the most unobservant men in London, certainly had taken notice of it – which in some aspects were both helpful and unhelpful to the extent of it becoming a possible disadvantage in the future. The fact being: after four and a half days (one-hundred-and-five hours and forty-three minutes), John had wordlessly latched onto this unspoken need and indulged Sherlock. Indulged him readily and overwhelmingly with this unparalleled
“JOHN!” Sherlock shouted at the top of his lungs as he came in spurts all over John’s hand, twitching and trembling as the hand kept gently rubbing his glans. It was – g o d – Sherlock barely could stand, he felt limp from pleasure. B l i s s. He felt so incredibly good. His penis felt so good, he thought he was about to-
Putting the plates one by one away, John glanced at the clock, suddenly remembering what he and Molly had planned for Sherlock today.
“Thank you.” The detective shifted on the couch, his gypsum covered arms were carefully folded beneath his chin as he murmured the words.
Clearing his throat, John opened his mouth, “Alright then. I think it’s time we’re going to Barts, Molly has some samples for you to--, Sherlock, you listening?”
Holmes appeared reluctant to let go of his crotch, and for a good reason too. Watson was dumbfounded to see that the pin striped trousers appeared to be slightly tented when Holmes quickly stood up and tossed the parcelled snow away with a scarlet face. The detective hurriedly  covered himself with his coat, sighing at the situation.
Before he knew it, a stream of water had rained down the wall, hitting the tiles and washing the evidence of John’s doing away. It was then that a sudden feeling of shame overcame him.
He figured dinner was going to be somewhat uncomfortable for the both of them. But seemingly, the only person who simultaneously felt awkward, confused and aroused was John himself. Sherlock being Sherlock was decidedly not.
John enjoyed the sight of Sherlock pissing with such urgency, it was wonderful to feel how his urine rushed out of his lovely prick, it was wonderful to hold his length while he let go, it was wonderful to watch how the detective lost control. John just loved it so much that he couldn't help but pet it - pet the sensitive prick in his hand - pet Sherlock's pissing prick.
She glanced at the living room with worry written across her face, indicating that Sherlock was probably moping around on the couch, sulking and what not.
John crossed his arms, and waited until the people were out, before he faced Sherlock. His good mood gone.
Either they talked about it now, or John would put it off again and again. Truthfully, there never was a good time to talk things through with Sherlock. He needed talk to him now, he decided. John wanted to get it over with already.
With steady pets of his open palm, John was slowly bringing off Sherlock; he could feel it in the way his hips started shifting, breath coming out ragged and the muscles in his pelvis becoming tense. Sherlock was close.
And now knowing what his slim body looked like underneath those clothes didn't help him in the least. Hell, apparently he had a genuine thing for Sherlock Holmes’ penis; for some reason he just couldn't stop thinking about it.
“Sherlock,” John started, sliding a frustrated hand through his hair when Sherlock interrupted him with a roll of his eyes.
Sighing, he heaved himself from the chair, slowly crossing the room and halting a few steps from the couch. Licking his lips, he contemplated for a moment.
Watson smiled mischievously at the question, leaning his head down to give the loose sac underneath a chaste kiss. “I am most certain you will be fine, Holmes. Everything seems to function well enough, though I’m afraid I must keep an eye on it.”
“I’m fine, John,” Sherlock bit out, not liking the sight of John tossing the newspaper aside and standing up. “Where-- Where are you going?”
Just that John was alone in his upstairs bedroom now because Sherlock didn’t do cuddling and John didn’t feel like sitting on the couch all by himself –
was still overly sensitive from the tea incident. Feeling embarrassed for having forgotten, John quickly pulled the offensive underwear down, eliciting a startled gasp.
Without being told twice, John did as he was told, satisfied to see no further urine leaving the tip as he moved on to tuck him back into the trousers. Having closed the zip over him, Sherlock shifted in slight discomfort.
John tilted his head, thoughtfully glancing down at Sherlock’s penis. “And now tell me, what need I hold again? I didn’t quite hear what exactly you meant.”
John scrambled away and cleared his throat, feeling more than a bit wrong footed where he stood. "Well then, I'll make dinner, yeah? I'll be in the kitchen if you need anything..."
Thankfully, when the material was tugged down and Sherlock's penis plopped out, there were no signs of a possible burn, but rather a bright spot on the shaft.
"Right, okay, we're almost finished here anyways, just let me get the rest on you," John still had cream left on his finger, and hesitated a moment before deciding to smear the rest of it on Sherlock's balls.
“Look, I get that this is in no way easy for you, Sherlock, but can’t you at least give yourself a chance to do something? Keep that brain somewhat busy? It’s not like I can’t do the microscope adjustments for you, you know?”
John heard an intake of breath as he moved his hands down to his zipper, pulling himself out and aiming for the toilet.
Sherlock lets out a frustrated breath, glaring at his microscope on the table. “Fine, if you so insist. But do let me elaborate on the fact that I didn’t intend to collect more data on oxytocin and acetylcholine.  I only intended to conduct an empirical experiment with the focus on the nature of your sentiment towards me. And I can verify my hypothesis at last.”
Opening his shampoo bottle, John quickly washed his hair before closing his soap coated hand around his shaft, pumping it.
"Careful, I beg you! I'm near my-...Watson!," Holmes warned with a strangled voice. Watson was hotly exhaling his breath on his cockhead, watching as another drop of fluid welled up from the slit, spilling over the ruddy tip. Pleased with what he saw, Watson darted his tongue out, cleaning the head from the essence, tasting it.
“John,” Sherlock gasped; grimacing as the movement caused his cock to harden even further. “What are you- ? Oh!”
Turning around the corner, John carefully kept his mind blank, willing to ignore the reason where he was heading now. He was quite sure he would never live through this day.
Sherlock didn't answer, but rather decided to follow his word for once, sitting down with a grimace as he silently allowed John to examine him. John bent down and clinically swept his gaze over Sherlock's penis, briefly checking if his testicles showed any sign of distress, before looking back at the flushed spot on the shaft. It was turning red.
with his legs spread, the black material of his dress pants is almost glimmering, looking ridiculously inviting. It leaves John teetering with the desire to just leap towards and unzip those trousers.
And with a distressed hitch of breath, Sherlock thrusts so hard that he knocks the back of John’s head against the underside of the table and – god yes – it is good.
“Yeah, absolutely stupid,” John added, nodding to himself as he dropped his hand and gazed at it intently. He really was stupid, so goddamn stupid.
He buckled his hips. “So good when you’re, ah,” he rasped, hands becoming rougher every second, “desperate to piss and having me wank you,“ he continued hotly, bringing up one hand and licking at the stickiness that had remained there. “Wanted this for days, y’know.”
“Cold, John! Cold!” Sherlock’s expression turned into a grimace as he edged away from the running water, looking as displeased as ever. “You put a ridiculous amount of soap on my testicles, John! This will be torture!”
But Sherlock did say he would tell him no if he didn’t like something. Maybe John had rushed him too much? Maybe Sherlock needed time to process all this?
“No, but I do! Since I can’t practice my clinical detachment around you, I’m unable to give you the best possible support you deserve, Sherlock! I get distracted and hurt you! There’s not a single barrier of privacy left, I see you and I just,” John drew a deep breath and instantly stopped speaking.
Sherlock with his legs spread and the ice between them, only mumbled, "Obviously." He seemed to struggle to sit still, and looked altogether far too uncomfortable in his chair.
Right, he thought, swallowing heavily. He really should’ve gone out and gotten some air before making dinner, might have cleared up his head.
“I, ah, did like it, yes,” Sherlock said, eyes set on the sheets as he continued, “All of it. That thing you did… said… that was, ah, that was
“You’re the doctor, John. You know perfectly well what the loss of exercise such as masturbation entails. Having you masturbate me will keep up my brain chemistry, as I’ve factored in all elements of positive outcomes, my transport greatly benefits from your expertise, as I need not concern myself over any malfunctions. The evidence of yesterday inevitably concludes it as reasonable for me to be amenable for another possible repetition.”
“Right, so…partners it is. How about you tell your partner what you like, yeah? Because I for one would really like to hear it.”
. Grasping the shaft, John bit his lip as he held the edge of Sherlock’s red rimmed foreskin, careful to keep the plump head exposed to the air.
Kneeling down and readjusting his hand into a more comfortable position, John kept up the motion on Sherlock, watching him as he arched into his hold, head tipped back against the wall and eyes fluttering closed with a barely audible pant on his lips.
On the table waited a steaming cup of tea that smelled of Earl Grey. John took a careful sip from it, feeling at once glad to have something warm run down his throat. Wary of what Mrs. Hudson had said, John peeked into the living room; indeed seeing the detective in his blue piled mess of a dressing gown. He was sprawled across the couch, faced away from John.
No longer concealing his eager gaze, Watson looked down at Holmes, following the motion his hand made, fast, urgent but tender. His cockhead was visible between his fingers and Watson stared at it intently when he noticed the swollen red sac tighten underneath.
“Right then. I’ll just get dressed before putting the telly on. If you change your mind…” John trailed off, struggling to keep the disappointment from showing on his face. “Well, I’ll be on the couch.”
John’s stare made his legs involuntarily twitch with the need to move again. “John, do keep up with my lack of clothes already. Now, I really do require you to open the bathroom door. Can you
Holmes sighed heavily, looking exhausted as he settled his head further back into his pillows. His hand fell slack from his equally exhausted prick, letting it rest against his sullied shirt. Watson, out of breath, watched him and his softening prick for a moment.
… Although, the thought had something enticing about it, John had to admit. Wearing Sherlock out like that after a long desperate piss.
“Mm, J’hn?” Sherlock’s deep baritone rumbled next to him, sounding half-asleep and making John jump at once. “J’hn? Mm, where you going?”
Without warning, his bladder spasmed and Sherlock hurriedly crossed his legs, methodically holding himself. He needed to-
Sherlock suddenly looked as if he had been slapped, staggering slightly backwards as the meaning of John’s words sank in. Looking hurt, he darted his eyes away from John and turned around; shoulders visibly slumping as he moved to leave the room.
John breathes sharply through his nose, instant arousal cursing through his veins as he licks his lips.
That’s what John had been waiting for: seeing how the detective made a mess of his thousand pound worth of trousers simply because he couldn’t
“What pray tell, should I do there, John? Surely even you must have noticed by now that my hands are of no use for deploying fine motor skills. Clearly you’re wasting your time trying to make me forget the tediousness of
John stared at the detective, feeling confused what just happened. He bent down without further due and gently put the shrivelled cock back into his trousers. When he was done he pulled the fly up and left Sherlock alone in the bathroom.
“Kiss,” John simply murmured as he pulled the detective down to meet him in what he meant to be a tender and soft kiss.
“Why, of course. No need to feel envious, my dear Holmes.” He felt his eyes glint when he received an unimpressed look.
Escaping down the stairs, Sherlock reluctantly followed behind with his gaze burning into the back of his neck. John pinched the bridge of his nose as he tried to ignore the need to scratch at the spot. Decidedly, this whole conversation had been a bad idea after all. He had achieved nothing whatsoever but to make the whole thing worse. And Sherlock wasn’t helping at all.
Vigorously shaking his head, John darted his eyes away, swallowing with difficulty. “Look, about the clinical detachment, Sherlock, I was serious. I can’t do it. It’s not . . . good. It’s not good nor okay because I cannot treat you like a patient. I just can’t,” he trailed off, frustrated, “So, er, I think it’s best to call Mycroft and ask for his minions. Should I do the call?”
“It’s fine, John. However, I do require breaks. My transport is not used to this successive amount of stimulation.”
Clearing his throat, John shook his head and blinked away his wishful thinking, suddenly having the urge to pull his hand away from the detective but not quite having the heart to do so. Instead he dips his head down, putting his lips back and behind his teeth before sucking down the top of Sherlock’s cock.
“He made quite a racket this morning, I’ll have you know. I had to see he didn’t blow up anything with those gypsum covered arms. It was quite a handful to make him lay down on the couch, he was just so- oh, John. You are making sure he gets what he needs, aren’t you?”
He just bloody hoped he didn't specifically have a Sherlock fetish. John sure had enough dilemmas already - one of them being that he had wanked like a complete nutter today, and still was in a constant state like some teenager. And why was that again?
It was an early morning, calm and somehow domestic. Sherlock was in the kitchen with his goggles on, peering into his microscope while John was settled in his chair with his laptop on his lap.
Something unexpected was happening to John Watson. His heartbeat suddenly raced with excitement and it set off some deeply buried feelings within him. Seeing the great Sherlock Holmes, all flushed up and desperate for a piss, was not something he thought he'd ever come to witness. The fact that the man wasn't even able to grab himself with his hands, only inflamed John's hunger to see the detective so helpless and needy for relief.
Standing there stupidly, mouth agape, Sherlock felt his heart rate pick up, hearing his own blood rush through his system, pumping through his veins, downdowndowndowndowndowndown,--
Sherlock paced with a pen in his mouth. He needed to message Mycroft that he required after all some professional assistance that would help him with the tedious, inconvenient tasks.
Wordlessly, John pulled himself together, attempting to be as Sherlockian about this as possible. He swallowed down his emotional turmoil as he grabbed a large towel and dried the shivering detective, dabbing at the wet skin and making a quick job of it before throwing the damp towel aside.
