"Just keep me posted," Tony orders. None of us get time to reply, because all of a sudden there's a barrage of lasers being fired. Steve's shield arm snaps up, shielding him from the onslaught, and Nat and Clint dive behind an overturned taxi. The lasers sting against my skin, and hit me with about enough force to bruise, but I raise my whip and bring it around. Speeders tumble out of the sky, and when the smart ones begin to retreat in order to get out of my range, I leap off the ground.
"I beg your pardon, sir, but ... despite Tony's behavior in his personal life, he's actually very honest when it comes to business. I can assure you he had nothing to do with it."
"What the hell happened here?" he demanded as he set down behind them - the slender red one, the tiny yellow one and the chubby blue one. "Why do things always blow up around you?"
"I assure you my intentions are honorable," said Xanatos, feigning offense at the question. "And if you wanted him for yourself then you should have made your move long ago."
They both laughed softly, exhaustion quickly creeping back in. Neither had slept very long, and it showed under their eyes and in their movements.
"I keep forgetting you're from a different time. And not to keep bringing him up ... but surely Tony's had a special gentleman since you've known him ..."
Trying to channel Coulson's unobtrusively-in-charge demeanor, Steve strode past the wreckage of an unfortunate taxi, looking very much like he belonged there. If he tried hard enough he could even convince himself he
"Alas I am not an expert, but I suppose it would depend on the nature of the stolen item." Thor shrugged and pressed right back. "Have you seen gargoyles in our city?"
And he'd brought back up this time. From all directions other strange and twisted shapes stepped into the moonlight, revealing vivid colors, horns, fangs, wings, and curious, intelligent gazes. Tony probably should have beat a hasty retreat, but the scientist in him couldn't bear to go without further study of such unique specimens, and the superhero in him couldn't leave perfectly good witnesses uninterrogated. So he stood his ground as calmly as he could in the face of such menacing beasts.
“It’s all right. These are unusual circumstances.” Steve sighed. “It’s kind of a shame, though; now I have to share last night with your girlfriend.”
"GOLIATH, STOP!" someone shouted, and before he could fire off a single blast, Tony found himself with none other than David Xanatos in his crosshairs. "He's a friend."
When Xanatos said he knew a little bistro, Steve hadn't been expecting three Michelin stars, a semi-private table topped with orchids, and silverware that was probably actually made of silver. He'd worn his one good suit, and it was only lunch, but he'd never felt more like an unsophisticated kid from Brooklyn than he did just then.
"It looks like Chef Keller has outdone himself. You know, Tony took me here when it first opened, and I've been a regular ever since."
. After that she was curious, and kinda into it. Which, I guess, makes sense. If she told me she’d messed around with Natasha, I wouldn’t exactly be mad.”
"Captain? Are you all right?" Xanatos was by his side in an instant, strong, calming hands at his shoulders to steady him.
"I'm not. Not anymore." At last Xanatos pulled back from the fire and met Steve's eyes. He looked like he hadn't slept in days.
She didn't back down for Xanatos either, calling him out on the flimsy exploding generator story and ignoring his casual mayoral name dropping.
After an hour of stewing while he circled above the city, Tony was almost glad to see a blossom of fire and smoke down below.
to explain, but Maza was NYPD ... one of the good guys. "I was supposed to keep an eye on Xanatos, and I clearly wasn't watching closely enough. I feel partially responsible for this."
to see this. Her emphasis." Steve searched the tinted goggles and the set jaw for any hint of emotion but found none.
"Fine. I won't try to force you to do anything you're not comfortable with. Besides, your young captain has already agreed to help me, so I might not even need you."
"I know." His voice a monotone, Tony kept tinkering away, perhaps thinking that if he didn't look at Steve long enough he'd just go away.
With a gasp, Steve threw himself away from the wall, landing hard on his hip, heart racing, arms and legs visibly trembling. He'd never been afraid of heights before ... but then again he'd never been this high without either a parachute or a pane of glass between him and oblivion before.
"I'm not here for the art. I'm here to spy on you for SHIELD." Tony fought to keep his voice neutral, stuffed his hands in his pockets to keep from reaching toward a passing tray of chardonnay.
"So you're not going?" Steve fiddled with the invitation, sliding his fingertips along the embossed 'X' logo on the front of it, already imagining what the castle would be like. He'd been hearing about it on the news ever since its transport from Scotland began, watching from Stark Tower as the Eyrie Building slowly grew with each delivery of a turret or a slice of wall.
And indeed, at its head knelt a great stone beast, calmly watching all that transpired below him ... almost as if he was waiting for something.
Steve didn't quite know what to say. They were neither grotesque nor lovely. Their presence was commanding, the artistry of their faces and outstretched claws evident. The fact that each edge was still sharp, each plane still smooth - not even the faintest whisper of a chisel mark - after a thousand years of neglect was astounding.
"That's amazing!" it exclaimed, reaching out and touching Tony's arm. "Are you a knight?" Its voice was friendly and light, its claws reverently tracing over metal contours and hair-width seams.
"You really have no idea how stunning you are, do you?" asked Xanatos rhetorically, shifting a little in his seat and grinning like a fox in the henhouse.
"I didn't know you had such a dirty mind," laughed Xanatos, promptly proving Steve right by wrapping his mouth around a slender green stalk and savoring the head with a little 'mmm' of approval. "We have more in common than I realized."
The party, already in full swing when he arrived fashionably late, was everything Steve had hoped for (and utterly unlike any party ever thrown at Stark Tower). The great hall of the castle would have been art enough on its own, but the smooth stone walls were embellished with dozens of well preserved tapestries from throughout European history, rows of tastefully displayed Anglo-Saxon artifacts, and standing suits of full armor, cunning weapons of all shapes and sizes clutched in their gauntlets. Through the hall strolled classy, laid back people of conspicuous wealth with red wine and canapes in their hands.
“I know, I know,” I snap, taking the chip out quickly. The first time I try and slot it into the empty space it misses and I swear. I try again, miss that time too. Gritting my teeth, I grip my wrist with my other hand and slip the chip in. The tray of targeting blades slide back in.
My shoulders (well, more like my entire body) are aching from the exertion, but I double back to avoid gunfire as fast as possible.
“Now really isn’t the time for wit, Hinojosa. If you want to get Barton back, you need to be focused.” My jaw tightens at the reminder that my best friend had been turned into a mindless zombie by a reindeer god with a glow stick of destiny.
Man, those Chitauri sure screwed up my descriptive capabilites. 'Beings in the galaxy' doesn't quite roll off the tongue like 'humankind'. Ah, well, extra-terrestrials be damned, it's time we deal with the situation at hand.
“Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won’t re-engage without a jump!” Stark yells over the sound of screeching metal. “I’m going to have to get in there and push.”
Pacing around behind the conference table is a raven-haired man dressed in a purple shirt. Not hard to tell who he is; even in human form, Bruce Banner, aka the Hulk, is unmistakeable. Definitely not someone I'd want to steal chips from.
“This,” Thor mutters, finger resting on top of a spot on the man’s—Ulysses Klaue, according to the bold black heading on the file—neck.
“If we lose another engine, we won’t be in the air for much longer,” Maria interjects. “Someone’s gonna have to get inside and patch the engine.”
Heavy duty, but only one padlock to secure it closed. Steve breaks it easily with a quick blow of his shield.
, hello mama bear. This isn’t something that I’m used to. Displays of obvious caring like this. Natasha and Clint care in their own ways, but this is Caring in the more mainstream way. Or, well, as mainstream as it gets with superheroes. “You and Tony” —and I nearly choke on my tea, because what— “don’t seem to have solid support systems outside one or two people.” Steve huffs out a long sigh, and I hear him shift slightly. “You worry me, you know,” he confesses, so quietly that if I didn’t have enhanced hearing then I probably would’ve never heard him. “Well. Not you, but what happened to you. Back then. With them.”
“I’m coming, you impatient ass,” I grumble, whacking my armguard against my calf as I pour speed into my flight. There’s purple lasers flying all over the place, and the repulsors on the Iron Man suit create distinctive white flashes of light. Debris is raining down in a light shower, black smoke clearing away from imploded speeders.
"If I run in these shoes, they're gonna fall off," Steve replies. Clint nudges me subtly, gesturing with the slightest tilt of his head. I follow his gaze. Apple Store. I change my direction ever-so-slightly, and Natasha does the same on the other side of the non-archer-blonde, steering him towards the store. Once we're in, Clint and I split off to "inspect" some computers.
Sam, Bruce and Thor take up another couch, Thor taking half of it up by himself and Sam and Bruce making do with the other half. Clint, Nat and I have managed to wedge ourselves into the limited space on the loveseat, Nat scrunched up in one end while Clint and I lie across the rest of it in different directions.
And then Steve is charging forwards, leaping over the hood of the car that the Soldier is hidden behind as a metal hand snatches the gun off of the roof of the car.
Something shoots out of his hand, flying directly at me, and I move out of the way and catch it on instinct. It’s a grappling hook, but built more like my whip. Small, compact, sturdy.
Dinner that night is a rowdy affair. Even if it isn’t exactly a rare occurrence for Thor to pop up to help us deal with Avenger things, it is rare that he has enough time to stay for dinner.
"New Jersey," Steve replies, nodding awkwardly. Natasha goes back to the computer, and I glance back at my screen just as I press the down button and lose the game. I click restart.
Seven speeders crash to the ground, and I roll out of the way of a volley of lasers. Sure, they won’t permanently damage and/or fry me, but they still hurt to get hit with. I fire off another round, ducking behind an overturned car for shelter. Peeking over the hood, I fire six more shots and hear an explosion in the distance. There’s a
Or at least some of them are dreams. Snatches of conversation, of white walls that turn into boring grey concrete as soon as I blink. Cold metal around my wrists and neck and ankles.
"You know, if you asked Kristen out from Statistics, she'd probably say yes," Natasha says. Steve pulls his cowl on. It's not really a cowl anymore, more of a helmet. The cargo door opens.
"I know, Nick," Steve snaps back. (Well, not quite snaps. He's a bit too Captain America to do that. More like states sternly in a tone that only sarcastic little shits use. i should know. It's a tone that I practically patented.) "That's the problem." I run the flannel under the cold water, wringing it out as Steve continues. "Who else knows about your wife?"
I clear my throat awkwardly, still avoiding eye contact. “Figured now was the best time to come back. You needed your ass kicked.” Risking a glance up, I see Clint gripping the cup with white knuckles, posture rigid.           “I gotta flush him out,” he says quietly. I avert my gaze to the floor.
Still, I've been involved enough to know that the reason Nat's trying to set Steve up with girls is to make Tony jealous so that he can finally grow the balls to ask Steve out. Everyone except Steve and Tony can see the looks that they give each other when they think no one is watching. Honestly, it's kinda depressing to see just how oblivious the two can be. It's a collaborative project, getting those two to woman up and confront their feelings, and I think that even JARVIS is helping.
“Nothing?” the billionaire asks the doctor with a frown. The doors to the lab slide open, and a certain walking, talking American Flag strides in. I can almost smell the apple pie and freedom.
“Hurry up with it, ‘cause my stamina isn’t infinite,” I warn. A grunt of confirmation from Stark, and then there’s a lot of clanging and bumping.
“He’s have to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break the Coulomb barrier," Banner says. He's still pacing, but stops now.
Steve and Tony both look at each other, expressions grim. “If this guy got out of Wakanda with some of their trade goods… “ Tony trails off, letting the silence speak for itself. Whatever goods Wakanda trades, they’re either dangerous or important (although, strictly speaking, both words were interchangeable).
“Uh, Stark,” I yell into my radio. “Good thing is that I’ve got they’re attention. Bad news is that it’s a whole lot of attention. Help would be nice!” I don't get to hear any reply, if there ever was one, because the Chitauri are upon me. Whirling around, I fire my gun seven times, six of them hitting right between the center of the eyes and the seventh going wider and embedding itself in an eyeball.
“Right,” Thor says, breaking everyone out of their trance. I shake my head just a little bit. The demigod looks around a bit like a lost puppy before quickly following Vision. “Well done,” he murmurs, patting Tony on the shoulder as he passes by.
“Hurry up!” I yell, taking aim at the Jeep behind us, the Winter Soldier clinging to the front. I squeeze off a few shots before it surges forwards again, and when it rams us we go
There's a warm hand on mine, pushing my hand down gently. The light disappears, and I crack one eyelid open painfully. Clint is sitting by my side, purple hearing aids absent from his ears.
“The safest it’s ever been,” I grumble, pausing to run the rag under the tap again. I’m careful not to touch the faucet directly. I’m not sure if it runs on electricity or not (sue me, I don’t study kitchen appliances as a hobby), but I don’t want to find out the hard way now that my dampners were undergoing repairs. “Honestly, I thought Steve wouldn’t be able to fuck this up with two of us in here watching him, but here we are.” Laura sighs, batting at my hands until I let go of the rag and wringing it out over the sink before looping it through the microwave handle to dry.
The woman behind me presses her gun into the small of my back, and I freeze up immediately as she searches through my pockets, finally withdrawing the other bracelet at the bottom of my inside jacket pocket. She keeps the cold metal of the gun muzzle pinned to my back as she clasps the bracelet around my left wrist with one hand, and when she steps back I know that it’s trained on me, her finger on the trigger and safety off.
"Natasha,” I say quietly. “We’ve all been compromised. We’re all losing it. We need to find a way to attack that at its core.” Clint shoots me an approving look.
"It's not just analysis or pulling SHIELD files, Clint," I hiss. "It's from memory. And this memory didn't feel like mine, it felt like I was shoved into an entirely different body and viewed everything from their perspective." Clint leans back against the wall, face intentionally blank.
, and I can see one of the moving dots stop moving. Putting on a little bit of speed, I quickly near the ship, touching down on the deck quietly, near where I'd seen Clint take the guard down.
"We're going to be working out when this is all over." I groan even louder this time, because let me tell you: Nat's training sessions are
“He’s a friend,” Thor corrects. Yup. Definitely connected. I dig through the memories of the file I'd read on the blonde demigod. Oh. Yeah. That. New Mexico, Loki, Mjölnir, the giant metal destructo-bot. Selvig was part of a team of astrophysicists who befriended Thor when he first fell to our world.
“None of that’s your fault, Steve,” Clint says quietly. Natasha makes a small noise of concurrence from where she’s leaning against him.
“Drop me on the roof!” Steve yells. I glance down at the truck, catching sight of Ultron rising up in front of it.
“Threatening,” I correct, hopping up onto the counter that’s hidden behind the ledge. “And tequila for me.” Stark eyes the counter underneath me, but makes no comment. Taking out two glasses, he pours a few inches of tequila into one and some sort of scotch the color of amber into the other. I take mine with a grin, the silvery metal that’s woven into my gloves clinking quietly against the glass. “Cheers,” I offer.
"On my mark," Steve whispers. I unhook my whip quietly. "Three. Two. One." I jump to my feet, sprinting in the direction of the control room. Steve's shield goes flying past my head, and I leap off the ground, cracking my whip as the shield breaks the glass. I go in feet-first, slamming into the guy who I assume is Batroc, based on the photo I'd seen during briefing. The force of the kick sends me back a few feet, out the window and into midair, but then Steve leaps past me. But Batroc has already recovered, and he kicks Steve away before making a break for it.
The acoustics of the ship are pretty good, and we hear Ultron right off the bat. Tipping my head to one side, I hold up four fingers.
The whole contraption lurches sickeningly, and Pietro and I go sliding into one of the benches lining the aisle.
"We're not finished yet," Thor says. I let out a long, drawn-out groan, slumping sideways onto the Hulk's leg.
"Save it," Steve commands, going into full Captain America mode. "Loki's gonna keep this fght focused on us and thats what we need. Without him these things could run wild. We got Stark up top, he's gonna need us—"
No reply comes through that I can hear, and even if I know that my dampeners are off and my comms are down, a sick feeling crawls its way out of the dark recesses of my mind. Stomach clenching unpleasantly, I fly up to the catwalks, landing softly. The gunfire has been silenced, no more mercenaries left. I can hear scrambling feet below, most likely the last few that Klaue is sending up.
As soon as the jet touches down, Steve stalks off, leaving his shield behind. He looks pissed and I see him slam the buttons of the elevator like they'd personally wronged him.
It takes a second for Steve to process the scene in front of him (Nick laid out on the couch, me about to go into the kitchen to get something to mop up his wounds), and when he does I can see him stiffen. He's got a canvas bag slung over one of his shoulders, roughly the size of his shield. Huh. Nice way to cart around the shield; not too inconspicuous in a place like DC, and normal enough for people to assume that it's only being used to carry some sort of portfolio, not a glorified frisbee made out of the strongest metal know to most beings in the galaxy.
The assassin, whoever he was (because those shoulders are too broad to be a woman's), is already fleeing at a sprint, and I let my legs pump in overdrive, trying to catch up. Up ahead, the assassin leaps off the roof, and I grip my whip tightly, launching myself off of the ledge of the building and onto the next. As I do, I grasp the handle of my whip with both hands and bring it around. It crackles to life in midair. Just as it's about to make contact with the man, though, he snaps around and catches the whip, electricity and all. My grip on the whip slackens in surprise, and the assassin uses my shock against me.
Another thing that I hate about them is that they look at me with pity. They look at the scars mapping my skin and see them as products of unwilling experimentation and torture. And the ones drawn over my hips, swirling in elegant patterns—those are the ones that I hate them looking at the most. They look at them with worry in their eyes, and I hate that they tell a story that I don’t want anyone to see.
“Not now!” I help, yanking the unelectrified cord back and ducking under a punch aimed for the head, aiming a hit of my own at the sternum. It’s blocked by the Soldier’s flesh hand, and I know better than to let him get a good hold on me, because I’ve trained with Steve and super strength, no matter how much of a match for it I was, was a no no. Bracing my feet, I lean back and yank my yank my hand out of the Soldier’s grip, using the momentum to twist around and collect the rest of my whip for another strike.
“The gamma readings are definitely consistent with Selvig’s reports on the Tesseract,” Banner observes from his place behind of Loki’s scepter. He’s running a sort of handheld metal detector over it. Magic detector, probably. “But it’s going to take weeks to process.” I grin, craning my neck around my screen.
. There are more Hydra agents dropping from the bridge above and gunfire going off, but when the Soldier turns and locks eyes with me, it all goes away.
"Cover me!" Clint yells all of a sudden. He doesn't wait for me to confirm before he's slinging his bow over his shoulder and making a beeline towards a bus. I move to cover him smoothly, swapping guns smoothly when the cartridge runs dry. A few minutes later, Clint reappears at my side, arrow flying before he even comes to a stop.
But then a flash of red zooms by, just barely missing me, and I swear quietly as I use my inner arm to wipe away the bug guts.
"There were way less aliens if I'm remembering right." Nat huffs, continuing to fire into the swarm of approaching Chitauri. She only has time to squeeze off a few more shots before we're forced into hand-to-hand. I lunge to the side of an alien's punch, twisting my body so that my legs come around to sweep my oppenent's out from under it. Jumping to my feet, I fire a shot into his head.
Everyone in the apartment complex is running from something, and I think that's what I like best about it. Apart from the barbecues, that is. Because everyone understands that if you push for answers, bad things could happen. So nobody does.
Neatly folded inside is a simple black bulletproof vest, along with tight black pants and shining silver armguards laid on top. A wide black belt is expertly coiled beside the outfit, along with a silver cord attached to a handle in order to form a whip. A matching black mask sits beside the belt and whip, in the shape of a lynx’s snout. Above the mask is a pair of goggles with tinted lenses that look a lot like shades. Carefully, I lift the armguards out, setting them to one side in order to reach the vest and pants underneath. They're both black, both Kevlar and both relics of a past that I'm now forced to relive.
"Avengers, do you hear me?" I drop a few feet before steadying myself. "We have a missile headed straight for the city."
"A little," Steve replies. I hum, arms crossed as I track Nat's progress around the building we're standing in front of.
“This way, sir,” Banner replies, gesturing. I follow the two at a sedate pace, humming a Disney tune under my breath.
I veer to the side in order to give Stark enough room to land on the big landing pad. I’m careful as I land further up the walkway once I realize what it does; parts of it are detaching, coming up to begin disassembling the Iron Man armor as Stark walks down it.
A week after the Battle of New York, the Avengers gather to see Loki sent off. Clint has his arm slung around my shoulder, and I'm not entirely sure about who's leaning on who in this case. Selvig produces some sort of tube, which Bruce places the Tesseract in. It's being sent back to Asgard with Thor, who's keeping a tight grip on a chained, muzzled and shackled Loki.
from outside has my head whipping around, and I open my mouth to cuss Thor out, but turns out he’s just flying.
“Clint, why don’t you show everyone where to get the towels,” Laura says, patting his shoulder as she makes her way to the kitchen. “I think they all need some time to freshen up.”
s out of nowhere, slamming into my side and sending me spinning through the air. By the time I manage to balance myself out, the speeder's coming in for another run. I whirl out of the way, then use both arms to swing my whip around to forcefully that it cuts through the speeder and its driver. My right side is burning, and I'm 95% sure that I've broken at least one rib. The left side of my face is getting painful to move, and my shoulders are aching from all the activity.
“Я знал одну девушку,” the Soldier says softly. Another crash as something else smashes through the glass.
The year out of the fold was hard, most of it full of adjusting to a life so unlike the one that I’d left behind that it was like waking up in the 21st century all over again. There was so much that I had to leave behind, and not all of it was physical.
"Three slugs, far as I could tell. It was dark, and I don't have enhanced vision. No rifling, as far as I could tell. Nothing traceable. Probably Soviet-made. Like, old-as-dirt Soviet shit, if any."
Gathering it in a short coil, I back up to maintain distance between the Soldier and me as he advances. When we round the bend of the targeting panel, I strike while he can’t immediately see what I’m doing. The whip hits him center mass, the force of the blow making him stumble back in surprise.
I'm trying to keep to the original plot of the Winter Soldier as best as I can, but there's a lot that I want to worm in that's definitely not canon. Thanks for reading!
The crash it makes when it slams into the ground makes me wince, and the plane digs into the ground before bumping into a building as it shudders to a stop. I can see movement through the clear glass of the cockpit, so I touch down, hurrying over as the cargo door opens. Steve leads the way, Nat and Clint on his heels.
“Right,” I spit with a snort. “And this one op will stretch out for ages, and before I know it I’ve been shoved into another. And after that, they start magically piling up until I’m practically an agent again.” I nail Fury with a glare to make Natasha proud. “I’m not just going to drop everything for an agency that tried to kill me. I have a life now. I have classes, homework, tests, a job, Fury. I’m not going back to risking my life everyday.” Fury gives me his patented Eyeball.
"You'll never know. Gimme a sec." I duck into the break room (it was definitely a break room, there's a vending machine and everything) and grab two donuts. The look Steve has on his face when I emerge is halfway between annoyed and breaking out into laughter. I hold one out.
"Roger that," I reply, cracking my whip as I launch myself through the air zip down the street before crashing through yet another window. There's five Chitauri standing on a raised balcony in front of me, all pointing guns that seem to be attached to their arms at a small crowd of people out in the open, vulnerable to their weapons.
“Well, I promise a stress-free environment,” Stark wheedles, making his way around Banner. “No tension. No surprises.” As he passes by Banner, he pokes him with something small and pointy that makes a zapping sound, causing the doctor to jump. I frown, swiping onto another screen and proceeding to hack the SHIELD mainframe.
“I have more than enough words to describe you, Stark,” Thor snarls, face contorted into a feral sort of rage.
The whole thing glows red before it detaches, and I shove it in my pocket, swapping the whip to my other hand, the one with a bracelet around the wrist. There should be an alert that pops up on Clint’s phone that tells him that I took the bracelet off, which means we need help.
“No, I’m sorry,” Tony says, sobering up all of a sudden and pushing off the desk to advance. “I’m sorry. It is funny. It’s a hoot that you don’t get why we need this.”
“We didn’t,” Tony snaps, backing up a bit. “We weren’t even close.” He turns to everyone in the room. “Were we close to an interface?”
“What’s Uncle Clint told you about jumping on the furniture?” I admonish. Lila wriggles around, giggling, and I let her down, placing her beside me on the couch.
“I don’t understand,” Dr. Cho says, speaking up for the first time in a while. “You built this program. Why is it trying to kill us?”
“You’d be surprised,” I reply. “SHIELD therapists have been through some rough times lately. I’m sure one of them would be willing to listen to your problems in return for employment.”
Wiggling my arm out from where it was pinned beneath my hip, I snag the tea and drag it back into the vents. Steve doesn’t comment on it, and I hear him settle down beside the opening.
"Just try to get here as soon as possible," Natasha replies. Then she hangs up. I toss the phone at the sofa, and it lands with a soft
“I want to know why Loki let us take him,” I cut in. “He’s not leading an army from here, and it doesn’t look like he’d be an easy guy to take down.”
Tucking into a ball, I roll under a jet of purple, and slash downwards with one arm to decaptitate an alien as it whizzes by on its speeder. Using another passing alien as a springboard, I rocket off in another direction, careening into a few cycles before digging my blades into one and flinging it at a few more.
"But that's how we don't die," Clint interjects, moving so that his feet are on the floor. I whack him with my worksheets, moving them onto my knee.
"That about sums it up," Maria says. I have to stop myself from jumping, because I hand't even noticed the second-in-command enter the room. The only thing that anchors me is the complete and utter befuddlement on both Thor and Rogers' faces. "I think that introductions are in order, though. Don't leave them hanging for too long." I tip my head to one side in acquiesce.
He glances down, and I follow his gaze to sets of missiles, lying in neat rows below. I’d passed them on my way up and given them no thought.
Every step I take is long (or as long as my shorter legs can manage. Everyone else on the team is taller than my measly 5’3”) and hurried. I don’t know how much time until they catch up.
“Widow, Hawkeye, tell me what we got,” I say, dashing out of the lab and down the hall. There is a window there, and I quickly pull my goggles up as I draw nearer.
“Hey, hey, hey, take it from someone whose mojo is anti-witch, she isn’t going to hurt us,” I jump in quickly. “Look, I know she did shit in the past—“
"What worked?" Natasha asked sharply. The face onscreen disappears, and the green face on the larger computer shifts. It takes me a moment for me to realize that whoever this is is smiling.
“Thor’s right,” the supersoldier says. “Ultron’s calling us out. And I’d like to find him before he’s ready for us. The world’s a big place. Let’s start making it smaller.”
"Why did I get a notification that said to be on the lookout for you because you're a wanted criminal by SHIELD?" the redhead asks, holding up her phone. Clint and I both make a noise.
"And he didn't invite me," the genius says, mock-offense in his tone. Nat's slammed onto the hood of a car, but she manage to use her leg to hook around the Chitauri's neck, using that as leverage to jam her widow's bite into its neck. Grabbing its gun, she uses that to blast its head off. Movement to my right has both Natasha and me turning, weapons raising—but it's only Steve. We both lower our weapons, Nat leaning against hers. We'd cleared out that wave, so I take the time to collapse against a nearby car after sheathing my reapers.
“But back then you handled it because you didn’t have a choice,” I point out. “You’re with the Avengers now. You’ve got a choice.”
The two of them are too close to get a clear shot in, so Clint stands at the ready with another arrow nocked and ready to draw. I’m tense, bouncing the balls of my feet, waiting for an opening that won’t endanger our supersoldier.
“Never heard of it,” Sitwell replies quickly, backing towards the edge of the roof as the supersoldier advances at a fast pace.
And then Tony Stark gasps, jerking up before letting his head thunk back against the ground once more.
There are people running towards us, so we push against them. Screams as gunshots are heard. Clint and I only run faster.
Bruce looks up with a mildly surprised expression, but hands the file over to Tony. “From back in the day,” the genius elaborates, a bitter sort of aftertaste to his tone. Clint wanders over from the other side of the room, standing between Steve and Tony. “He operates off the African coast, black market arms.”
"Hey," Clint grunts, tumbling into the car beside me. I roll my eyes, rubbing my temples. Fucking metabolism meant no Advil. Or any other sort of over the counter drug. I can't even ask for the special, heavy-duty shit that SHIELD provides me because I'm going on an op and I can't have a cloudy head.
“Can anyone get to Times Square?” Sam asks. “There’s a T-Rex rampaging here and I’ve got my hands full with a four-winged pterodactyl.”
Underneath where a walkway connects a big landing pad to the rest of the tower stands a certain god dressed in black and green. Minus the helmet, thankfully, so I don’t burst into laughter on sight. I can’t read Stark’s body language that well while he’s in the suit, but if I were him I’d be somewhere between pissed and pissing my pants, because there is a god on your front step that is set on destroying the world. But the billionaire keeps on flying, and I can just barely hear him having a hurried conversation with the AI in his suit.
"Target is a mobile satellite launch platform, the Lemurian Star," he inform us. "They were sending up their last payload when pirates took them 93 minutes ago."
"Rogers, Steven," an automated voice says. There's an accent, something European. Possibly Swedish, maybe Dutch. "Born 1918. Romanoff, Natalia Alianovna, born 1984. Barton, Clinton, born 1971. Subject 009, birthdate classified." I can feel my eyes widen involuntarily, and I take a step forwards.
"Captain, a bank on 42nd past Madison," Clint informs us. "They cornered a lot of civilians in there."
"I know who made a hit on Fury," I blurt out. Clint's eyes widen, but they quickly return to normal size as his brow furrows.
Taking the opportunity, I speed out from under the bridge, whip arcing out and catching one of the men at the edge of the bridge, yanking him over and releasing him as he topples to the ground below.
The low, growling sound that cuts through the chaos of screams makes my head snap up, and I track the source of the sound to the portal. The alien portal, from which the alien army is still pouring through. But then something blots out all the stars that I can see on the other side, and the portal gets a little bigger. A few more aliens on speeders zip out of the portal—and then the nose of something big, metallic and ugly as fuck pokes out of the portal.
"The last one is in Fort Meade," Sam admits with a grimace. "Behind three guarded gates and a twelve-inch steel wall." Natasha, Clint and I all exchange looks.
. I can’t be harsh, give it to him like slap to the face. He needs to be eased into it to avoid any reckless, split-second righteous action.
Inside, the lab is fucked the hell up. Sparks fly from broken, exposed wires, some of them fizzling out as they land on my jacket. Steve makes a beeline to the end of the room, where Helen Cho herself is propped up against their wall.
The dinosaur lets out a high-pitched screech as I near the next building, quickly reversing my flight in order to slow myself down.
“C—Hawkeye?” I try. “Cap?” My voice echoes back at me. Heart beating up in my throat, I practically throw myself over the railing and fly up to the catwalk above me. I give a mental sigh of relief as I catch sight of Clint kneeling beside Nat.
“Do not play with my words, you pathetic mortal!” he roars. “I am a god, and you are nothing more than a lowly dog begging for my scraps!” I roll my eyes, shifting my weight onto my right leg.
“Is this little display meant to insinuate that you’re going to throw me off the roof?” Sitwell asks. “Because it’s really not your style, Rogers.” A long pause, in which Steve’s face turns stone-cold and impassive.
"My wife kicked me out," Nick says in explanation, holding up his phone just as Clint shuts off the lights.
“Не как ты,” I murmur after a beat of hesitation. The not-quite-Soldier glances over his shoulder at me for a moment.
Paying no mind to the twins’ disappearance, I heave in a shaking breath and shake my head vigorously. The red doesn’t go away, simply warps and changes. The sound of my boots against the catwalk sounds like it’s coming from down a tunnel.
“Known associates,” Steve mutters. His face twists up in disgust not a moment later. “Well, Strucker had a lot of friends.”
I swear loudly, coughing violently as I wave the clouds of dust away from my face. Once everything clears up, though, I can immediately spot the absence of a certain head of red hair and a purple shirt belonging to Nat and Banner respectively. Everyone else seems largely unharmed, although there’s now a massive gaping hole in the ground. My coffee mug is in pieces on the floor, but now isn't the time to focus on that. And when coffee isn’t my first priority, then you know everything is going to hell.
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn’t funny,” the blonde counters. I can feel the patriotism oozing off of him from across the lab. Blue eyes dart to Banner, a slight grimace on the all-American face of freedom. “No offense, doctor.”
The radio on my shoulder crackles as I use one arm to impale a Chitauri, the other to lasso the handles of a speeder and yank it off course.
“You know what’s in that Cradle?” Ultron asks, all attention on Steve. I’m under no illusion that he isn’t aware of my presence. A jet of Chitauri-like energy, except orange, shoots out from his hand. Steve turns, blocking it with the shield that’s strapped to his back. “The power to make real change, and that terrifies you.”
For a moment, I feel like we've accomplished something significant. But then movement from the portal catches my eye, and I turn towards it. Just in time to watch two more of the massive whale-turtle-centipede-fish things swim out along with a new wave of Chitauri.
Something in Steve’s eyes flash, a bit of regretful longing mixed with guilt and realisation. I don’t know where all of these emotions are coming from, but I feel sorry for Steve all the same.
I snap out of it when four lasers slam into the body of the dead Chitauri that I still hold in front of me. The force sends me flying back into the balcony railing, and I grunt in pain. Loosening the whip in order to release the body, I let go of the end of the whip and bring it around to cut down the remaining three Chitauri. Moving fast, I stride over to the window and sweep the broken glass out of the way. Glancing over my shoulder to make sure that no one was hurt, I brace a foot against the windowsill and push off.
“Fuck no. Piss off.” The director sighs wearily, as if expecting this. He probably was. Even after all this time, I haven’t quite lost my touch. Doesn’t mean that I’m at my prime, though.
Steve and I keep on running, coming arcross two more guards sheltered underneath an overhang. Probably why Clint didn't get them. I veer to the side a bit, and Steve flings his shield. It collides with one, then ricochets back off of the other's head before flying back to Steve. I salute him mockingly, already running past the fallen guards.
Steve rather hoped that a piece of mail which was neither bill nor subpoena would perk Tony up. His friend had been edgy for months, shunning all the Avengers, even his lab partner, snapping at Pepper and Happy and flat out refusing to speak to Fury. Tony wasn't even drinking very much, which had to be a sure sign of something.
They kissed while they fucked, Tony finally able to stand the taste of simple carbs and saturated fats, distracted from his nervous stomach by overwhelming need.
"Stay away from him, Steve. I should have followed orders from the start, I see that now. You should never have had to hear the name Xanatos let alone try to get all buddy buddy with him. Just let me handle this."
They reached a small room where Xanatos' personal assistant, a slender, bespectacled man - who looked like he hadn't aged a day in the years since Tony'd last seen him - awaited with a brace of scotch-filled tumblers.
"No, there's more to this than meets the eye, I  guarantee it." Tony set course for the lowest level of the castle. "I'm gonna have a little chat with Xanatos before I do anything."
"I admit I am curious ... I know Tony flew to the castle, and he seemed pretty ... shaken about something."
"Excuse me, Mr. Xanatos," he said in a his eerily JARVIS-like monotone, "there seems to be a problem in the kitchen with our new guests."
great head, absolutely thirsty for it, occasionally diving sinfully all the way down, Tony began to suspect he wasn’t such a virgin after all.
“I don’t even know. We’d just saved the city, we were exhausted and full of shawarma, and I’d had a drink …”
Nodding, instantly curious - what could possibly be more interesting than the priceless pieces he'd just been drooling over? - Steve followed his host up a circular flight of narrow stone stairs. He was just starting to wonder how much higher they could possibly go when they broke out onto a wide, sunlit battlement. Upon the parapets stood five gargoyles, each as tall as a man, frozen in tortured poses, silently guarding the castle against the city.
"I'm sorry to be so dramatic, Steve ... but I need to talk to you, and I'd much prefer to do it face to face ..."
“However, in order to be forgiven, I had to tell her everything I remembered from last night. I don’t usually talk about people like that. Sorry to kiss and tell.”
"It is my job to be keeping tabs on him, Tony..." he said simply, turning on his heel to head back to the stove.
Tony was very much looking forward to coming down Captain America’s throat, but he was denied that opportunity. Steve stood, knowing precisely how close he’d pushed it, and rolled Tony over.
"Well ... I think you are a very interesting and handsome man ..." he admitted shyly, not meeting the other man's eyes. "I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't ... Interested in you."
"In that case, JARVIS, send the fire department. Advise them that the driver was not at fault, that some young hooligans are to blame, that no one appears to be injured, and that I'll personally reimburse the owner for the bike since I didn't arrive in time to save it. Make all necessary transactions. Advise them also that the wreckage has almost burned itself out and that I'm needed elsewhere."
"I ah ... No... I had someone, back in my day ... But not now ..." He mumbled ambiguously, not wanting to delve into a potentially painful explanation. And he'd really been too busy to even consider being with someone in this era, felt too out of place to seek out a deeper connection with anyone but his teammates ... Courtship and "dating" were so different now that he really felt out of his element - not that he'd
"I suppose that's one way of looking at that, too. I'm sorry for sneaking in earlier, but this castle is in my city now, and I have to protect my city from explosions and shit. Can you tell me what happened?"
Steve had a few options here. He could give in and let himself be dumped (and kick Tony's ass for interfering in his mission). He could come clean about his orders (and kick Tony's ass for interfering in his mission). Or he could take a stand and fight for this truly strange relationship (and kick Tony's ass for being so possessive of a man he wouldn't even commit to).
"So why are you here if no one sent you?" she inquired, glancing up at him through soft red curls with an unreadable expression.
"I'm so glad you could join me today, Captain." Xanatos smiled, glancing up from his menu, "I must confess I'm rather fascinated by you."
Steve came inside him almost casually, then pulled out and knelt beside the bed. When he started giving
"Uh, yeah." Steve had the grace to feel awful about sneaking off to the party like some kind of rebellious teenager. He didn't usually keep such petty secrets.
on my team a consolation prize. We might be a band of misfits, but I'll be damned if I let you insult us."
"Would you like to see the most interesting things in the castle? They're not on the guided tour, I assure you."
Steve's expression softened, thinking back to a certain brunette he had once known who never understood his own feelings.
Deeply confused - Was this a date? Should he dress up? Was he expected to try to seduce information out of his new acquaintance? Why did that sound so exciting? Was Xanatos even interested in such a thing? What would Tony say? - Steve left the way he'd come, bidding Mr. Burnett a polite farewell at the elevator.
"All the time ... but there are usually more gis, mats and referees involved." Xanatos grinned with more than a hint of pride, giving the boneless pile of mugger a little jerk for good measure. "You should contact the authorities. If you can, request Detective Maza. I have the sinking suspicion this is related to last night's incident."
Steve gave the other man an odd look, arching a brow at him. What did he mean by having 'met them'? Why phrase it like that?
Reflexively dropping his hands, Tony leaned over to glimpse what exactly had been attacking him (and was now following Xanatos' orders).
"The truth is," Xanatos admitted, leading them down the length of the great hall, "my men repelled an invasion by a rival corporation trying to steal some of our new technology."
“Stop by Broadway after you’re done on 8th,” Natasha grunts, the sound of a gun firing audible. “I can’t hold pterodactyls and Doombots off with one cartridge.”
"So did I," Steve says. "This camp is where I was trained." Natasha is walking around, StarkPhone held aloft. Probably scanning for something to pinpoint where, exactly, the file was from.
"Yeah, sounds good," I reply, setting the Starkphone to speaker and placing it on the coffee table. "Clint and I have something tomorrow, and I plan to finish packing on Thursday, so I'll see if I can swing by on Friday. Maybe sooner depending on how long it takes us to find the coffeemaker."
"Standard tac team," the supersoldier murmurs. "Two behind, two across and two coming straight at us. If they make us, I'll engage, you hit the south escalator to the metro." I quickly duck into a nearby Victoria's Secret, praying that the tac team sent out are male, just as Natasha responds.
“Not dead, exactly,” I point out, twirling a pen around like a drumstick. I’m perched on one of the lab tables, which is probably neither sanitary or safe, but I just kicked robot ass, so I think everyone will let it slide. “He took it to the next level. Said he wanted us extinct.”
Lunging across the top of the truck, I switch direction mid-jump, veering off to the right and flinging my whip out. It loops around Ultron’s neck, and I quickly grab the other end and
"What's Sitwell doing on a launch ship?" Steve mutters to himself, looking down to put on his gloves. He doesn't wait for an answer. "All right, I'm gonna sweep the deck and find Batroc. Cam, you're with me. Clint, take the jet and put it into stealth mode. Get as close as you can and take out whoever you can see. Nat, you kill the engines and wait for instruction. Rumlow, you sweep aft, find the hostages, get them to the life-pods, get them out."
Tony flopped down gracelessly into the empty chair. He'd not bothered to dress up, wearing jeans, a hoodie, and an AC/DC t-shirt, backlit by the arc reactor.
He wished he knew for sure whether he and Steve were on the same page ... about the gargoyles, about Xanatos, about everything. But Fury had told him to keep a lid on things for a while, even from the rest of the team. SHIELD didn't need Xanatos getting skittish just when they might be catching him red handed at ... whatever it was he was up to.
After a quick explanation, everyone splits up to gather gear. We’re all piling into the Quinjet in record timing, one after the other. Steve, I notice, took the time to pull Sam aside and have a quick, hurried conversation with the other man. There’s no doubt in my mind about what they’re talking about.
s away with something hanging from its end. I duck aside as a laser fires a little too close for comfort, straightening quickly in order to shoot back. The Chitauri on the other side of the bridge speed up their pace, and I barely manage to squeeze out a few more shots before they're on us.
Tendrils of red magic—or whatever it is Wanda does—snake past me in answer, diving down in front of the train and presumably trying to halt it in its tracks.
A sudden increase of movement makes all three of us look over to the operating room. What we see makes us all rush over to the window, and I cross my arms, hands gripping my biceps tightly, so hard that my knuckles turn white. A nurse calls for a defibrillator. Nick seizes for a heart-stopping moment, then stills. Doesn't do anything to get my heart back to beating.
“Age isn’t everything,” Stark replies dismissively, brushing past me in order to get to the bar. He takes off something small and gray as he does, placing it behind the ledge that the bar top is on. “Scotch? Wine? Vodka? Tequila?”
“Is that really what you call it?” Tony asks. There’s a grunt, and then I spot an alien fall out of the sky.
from up above, and I glance up to see Iron Man, repulsors firing almost nonstop and three Chitauri on his tail.
"Howard," Steve says softly, sorrow in his voice. He turns away, as if the pictures physically pained him to look at, wandering over to a shelf with the rest of us following. Clint stops in front of a shelf before he can pass it, though, and both Nat and Steve turn to look at him. The archer gestures to the small crack between two shelves, and I see that the one I'm standing in front of it slightly in front of the other.
. Still, I do know the truth behind her words, so I just nod wearily in the end, bent over with my hands on my knees.
“Just find a truck with a door hanging off the back,” Steve’s voice informs me. “He’s unhappy, so I’m gonna try and keep him that way.”
"Shut up," Natasha interjects. She throws something over her shoulder, and it nails me in the shoulder. I huff, opening my eyes completely as I pick up the phone. "Text Steve, tell him that we're picking him up."
The weight of the whale-turtle-centipede-fish thing pushes the Hulk back, and the geen giant roars. But while the front slows to a stop, the back doesn't. The tail end of the beast is rising, coming over the head and falling straight towards us. Metal plates rain down, exposing the fleshy inside of the monster.
Of course, Thor is Thor and is decked out in his battle armor anyways. I myself am half geared up, cargo jacket on, but whip hanging on my arm, knives clamped in my armpit and guns stacked and balanced precariously on the the other arm. My ammo has already been squirrelled away in the pockets of the cargo jacket, and as Tony readies the Quinjet for launch, I let my knives fall onto a seat, followed by my guns.
I shower and half change into my combat outfit, entire body wired to run at a moment’s notice. Reading over the meagre files we have on the two enhanced, I carefully think about ways to counteract their powers.
“Use your indestructible frisbee of patriotism, I’m kinda stuck underneath the base!” A pause, and then Rogers’ line shorts out, disconnecting him. I swear. “Stark, you got any eyes on the Capsicle?”
"Don't worry, Cap," Elisa assured Steve once he'd finished his account of lunch and the almost-assassination. "I understand your hesitance; these are serious allegations to be throwing around without evidence. Xanatos may be trying to pin this on Stark somehow, he may be telling the truth, he may just be handing us a red herring. We won't know until we do some more digging." She stood in the dim light of the back office and pulled on her jacket.
"There's another. The most impressive of all." Xanatos raised his glass to indicate the central tower.
"And, please, call me David." Xanatos took a bite of breast meat and groaned with delight. "Oh, captain, you simply must try this."
He rose and joined Xanatos at the hearth, awkwardly placing a hand on his shoulder, trying to be comforting and reassuring.
something slammed into his shoulders from above and behind, dropping him to the ground so hard he thought a fresh piece of the nearby wall had loosed itself. But rocks didn't punch you repeatedly in the back of the head. Certainly not so damn
Grinning at the invitation to eat Steve's meat, Xanatos speared a little chicken on his own fork, sauced it liberally, and popped it right in Steve's mouth. He winked as the soldier's eyes went wide.
A red one, as tall as Tony but small compared to Goliath, beaked and white haired, approached and looked him over thoroughly. An even smaller one, yellow and spiderlike, scuttled right up and gawked at the armor.
"Mr. ... David?" Steve slunk into the castle library to find Xanatos silhouetted against the fireplace, staring up at an enormous original Holbein above the mantel.
"Are you sure?" Xanatos remained wary, even as he lifted Steve's hand. "Do you know what it is that I'm offering you?" He placed a gentle kiss on Steve's fingers, goatee rough against soft skin, eyes never leaving Steve's, his breath warm.
"That fucking prick." At least the angry snarl was proof Tony hadn't truly gone emotionally deaf, dumb and blind.
"Screw him." The words felt surprisingly good rolling off Steve's tongue. He had no problem with Tony hiding his painful connection to Xanatos, he had no problem with Tony's leadership of the Avengers (most of the time), he had no problem with Tony's performance as a friend and fellow fighter ... but he had a
They fell into silence, Xanatos watching Steve wonder what to say, soft strains of classical music filling the air.
"I hope I've answered all your questions satisfactorily, Detective Maza. Owen will show you out. Excuse me. Steve, would you stay for a moment?"
Steve pulled back sharply and covered his mouth as a fresh blush tinted his cheeks. But when that foot began brushing against him ... The silverware and glasses clinked loudly as Steve jumped enough to rattle the table. He nearly choked on his food, drawing his legs back quickly towards his own chair.
It was only back in the courtyard, when he felt unfamiliar eyes upon him, that he paused and tried to shake off the tension in his back and the worries in his mind.
"Yes, sir," he gulped, suddenly feeling a little sick. He liked Xanatos well enough so far ... but he still wanted a say in ... things.
"I'm not letting you go alone," Steve barked right back with all the stubborn he could muster as they skidded around a corner.
"Not half as much as I'd regret it, Captain. Thank you for taking a chance on me." He released Steve's hand with another gentle kiss, turning back to his lunch, trying to steer this date back on track. "Did you want to try the asparagus, too?"
Shaking his head in disbelief, Steve fished his phone from his pocket and fumbled with it a bit before dialing the proper number. He still wasn't quite used to using it.
spying on me; I have nothing to hide. But I have no interest in falling in love with someone who feels nothing for me ... again. I need to know ... Why are you here
"Or should I be telling you more about what happened last night?" Xanatos' smile faded for the first time since the party. He drew himself up, knit his brows together as if preparing to get (or give) bad news. "It was bad form to feed the press a line, but I don't want my enemies to know the scope of the damage. I need to keep them guessing."
Tony paused, reconsidering that glass of chardonnay. He forced himself not to look over his shoulder at the smug smile that must certainly be waiting for him.
"Goliath," Xanatos' voice was firm but calm, "this is Tony Stark, and not only could he kill you, he could bring down the whole castle without breaking a sweat. Tony, this is Goliath. He and his clan protect the castle. It's their home."
Later that night, Steve stood on the balcony of Stark Tower, scowling across the sea of rainclouds at the Eyrie Building, wondering, almost against his will, what Xanatos was up to in that castle of his. Could he really be the criminal mastermind SHIELD seemed to think he was? Or was he just a billionaire with a soft spot for medieval art and architecture? No one begrudged Tony
"I'm sure he was. The men who attacked my home were working for Cyberbiotics ... Stark Industries' closest business partner. I'm sure Tony had nothing to do with the theft personally, but it does make me wonder how high up this goes."
"Let's go have a drink, shall we?" Xanatos was already turning toward a darkened arched doorway, smiling fondly as if Tony had said something kind.
Tony glared at the other man, not liking how David wasn't meeting his gaze. He resisted the urge to huff and instead started by slicing some of the morel mushrooms piled beside his lobster (at least Xanatos had remembered his favorite side dish).
Tony saw immediately that he was too late to be of any use at the Eyrie building; the explosions had ceased and JARVIS had locked on to a fleeing helicopter.
Steve, in full dress uniform, slid out of the towncar and made his way to the lobby of the Eyrie Building. Passing beneath the facade he craned his neck for a glimpse at the new castle, but it was too far above to be discernable. That really was amazing. A castle in the clouds.
"Mail call," announced the soldier as cheerfully as he could, seating himself beside Tony and waggling a small cream-colored envelope at him.
Tony returned to the Tower bearing a box of donuts. Much to his discomfort, Steve was awake at the bar, and he’d already made a pot of coffee.
Steve blushed but didn't pull away, lips parting slightly as he watched the man and felt the press of lips and the scratch of stubble against his fingers.
"I don't think so. You can take over this investigation when you take over the clean up, but for now it's ours."
"We were together for nearly ten years. We met at MIT, he helped me start my first business ... But I wanted to get married, and he didn't."
"You went to the tower last night?" Tony asked early the next morning over some very awkward ham and eggs. "Did you talk to Xanatos?"
"Well ..." Steve paused, considering his options, and leaned forward. "Maybe I could have some SHIELD operatives look into it for you. They're pretty good at digging things up."
Steve stood, too, only now realizing that he hadn't tried to squeeze the detective for anything she'd uncovered.
"Well I talked to him, too, and I'm making plenty of progress. So just leave it to me. There's definitely something going on over there, but you don't need to worry about it."
"I care about Tony very much, whether he likes it or not ... but he's not the one I wanted to have lunch with today." And just in case his point hadn't been made clearly enough already, Xanatos ran his foot casually up Steve's calf, leaving goosebumps in its wake.
"You're just going to get in trouble if you trust him. I'm the one who knows how to handle him." Natasha smirked around her toast, and Tony threw her a glare. "He's planning something big, I can tell just by the way he talks about his little castle, and his little gargoyles, and his stolen property - bullshit by the way - and I don't want you to get wrapped up in it."
Xanatos took a deep breath and released Steve's hand, turning to face their assailant with a strange, serene detachment.
The table had fallen silent, the other Avengers becoming visibly uncomfortable with their fearless leaders' little squabble. Clint actually excused himself. Thor cleared his throat. "But don't come crying to me when he pulls the rug out from under you. I mean do you even have a clue what he's got upstairs in that castle?"
They shook on it. He liked her grip almost as much as he liked her levelheaded attitude, the calm efficiency of her voice, the confidence in her eyes. She really would have done well at SHIELD.
"My best friend used to call me his pretty little housewife when I was my old self, but I hardly think I'm that way anymore ..."
"Fury wanted us to come check the place out. He's been riding Tony to do a little snooping ever since construction started."
Steve sat a little stiffly in his high-backed chair, Tony's warnings from earlier still fresh on his mind. He raised his eyes to meet David's and smiled shyly.
"Thank you for coming." They stepped out into clear sunlight and cool, springtime air. "Would you ... care to walk me home? It's just too nice out to drive, and I'd love the company. It's not far."
"Hello? I'd like to report an attack." He sighed, tilting his head as he looked bemusedly at Xanatos.
Steve and Elisa shared a glance, and he promised to contact her the next day before he followed Xanatos beyond the next wall to an even darker, deeper part of the courtyard.
“I have bad news, Pep, and I’d very much hoped that this day would never come. Although most people would have bet heavily on it happening eventually; in fact I might even have lost a few -”
"Sorry, Cap, I'd love to return the favor, but I don't really have anything," she interrupted, reading him like a book. "I'm going to talk to a source right now, though. I should have something for you tomorrow. Meet me here at noon."
"Ah ... No ... Tony and Pepper were dating for a while, but they broke up a couple months ago. He hasn't really actively dated anyone since then, and ... all of the dates he's taken to parties have been ladies ..." he murmured, raising a hand to rub the back of his neck sheepishly. "Sorry ... I know I'm behind. I've not been with anyone myself because everything's so different now."
"I certainly hope this doesn't deter you from a second date, Captain." Xanatos went to one knee and gave his prisoner a more thorough inspection. Deciding he was out cold, he released his hold and waited patiently while Steve explained their situation to the dispatcher. "I promise, the next one won't be nearly as exciting."
"You're a better friend than he deserves, but, please don't get the wrong impression. Tony's actually one of the few people on this earth that I trust without question. In fact I'm worried about him. If Cyberbiotics is making such a bold move against their competitor, then what might they be planning for their allies? And if it ever got out that someone at Stark Industries was complicit in such an action ... well the financial and professional consequences would be devastating." Xanatos pursed his lips and turned his gaze away, pondering something he seemed afraid to voice. "If only there was a way to prove, without a doubt that Cyberbiotics acted alone ..."
enough if I asked for your help with something?" He lifted his eyes, knowing Tony's would be there waiting. "It's about last night."
.” Settling into a groove, he made himself more comfortable. “I really don’t remember all the details, much as I wish I could, but I know we made out on the couch. And I know he was nervous when he pulled off my shirt. Neither one of us had enough energy to try anything strenuous …”
"Don't worry, Captain, I'm sure I deserve it. And I'm sure you appreciate fine art much more than Tony does." With a sweep of his wineglass, Xanatos led Steve to the next room, smaller than the great hall, but with a wall of floor to ceiling windows looking out over all Manhattan.
"Aw, come on, Tony. I've never been inside a castle before. I saw a couple from a distance during the war, but that was it. And if we can't avoid this David guy then we'll book I promise." Steve was a resourceful man and not above begging. And he really did want to go to the party.
As they ate, Xanatos asked about all Steve's friends, all his hopes and dreams, and as they shared a cup of chocolate mousse he told some of his own stories of growing up poor in rural Maine, his plans for the future.
"And that's my cue to leave." Tony turned abruptly on his heel, more than happy to make an exit every bit as impressive as his entrance had been.
"Of course. I know all my guests. It's strange, though. You'd think I'd remember inviting Captain America to my little shindig. You must be here on Tony's behalf."
"Of course not. I live in that tower over there," Tony gestured into the darkness toward the glowing A in the distance, "and you're welcome to stop by anytime, especially if you find anything out about the attackers. How long have you known Xanatos, by the way?"
“You don’t have to be, Cap.” Tony gave a rueful laugh, cruelly directed inward. “Hell, I was probably just lashing out at Pepper for not …”
"Oh cut it out ..." the blonde huffed, blushing crimson. "Now you're just picking on me." Steve pouted, taking a bit and licking some of the thick, white cream innocently from his lips.
Steve lingered at a particularly enormous tapestry of red and gold lions and pitch black eagles bearing the arms of the Holy Roman Empire aloft, losing himself in its finely textured detail.
"I ... It's okay, just ..." he pleaded, looking up at him with the cutest puppy dog eyes. "I'm just ... not used to people being ... openly able to show affection for the same sex ..."
He really wished he could talk to Tony about it first, but Fury had specifically said that Tony was too close to Xanatos, too emotionally invested in the case, to be anything more than a foot in the door to the Eyrie building.
Huge thank you to Sheena, for getting me back on track and RPing most of this chap with me. I look forward to a gargoyle/'vengerific collaboration in the future :3
"Sorry, Detective, but I have to ask Mr. Xanatos a few questions." With a curt nod and set shoulders he entered.
"Normally the 'guests in the kitchen' routine is just for getting me out of unpleasant conversations, but I'm afraid tonight it's probably true."
Tony's wariness wore down in the face of their bent heads and obvious contrition. He could save his worrying for Goliath and the bearded one (and maybe the dog); these three were nothing but kids ... scared kids who knew less about this world than even Steve did.
"Just talk to Renard." Xanatos' voice took on a sharp, dismissive edge. "If not for my sake then for Stark Industries' ... you'd do well to distance yourself from such an unscrupulous partner."
"No. If I'm getting dragged into this then I want to know what I may have to deal with." Getting angry in spite of himself, Steve finally whirled to face his friend.
For the first time in his life, Steve felt uneasy promising to help an authority figure. He wanted to take the time to judge for himself whether Xanatos was a good guy before betraying his confidence. SHIELD might have a problem with him divulging intelligence to another chain of command. Mentioning Cyberbiotics' connection to Stark Industries might get Tony in trouble.
Tony felt sick at the thought of eating, so he took his coffee to the jagged edge of the lounge. There the wind tore at him, and the now-risen sun glittered off the broken glass on the streets and sidewalks below.
"Then I shall keep them a secret. 'Tis true humanity is not always kind to those who don't look as they do, but it will be a good thing for this city to have gargoyles among its protectors."
"What did you need to talk about?" Steve forced himself to fold onto the luxurious couch, though he kept to the end furthest from his host.
"I think I found out where my invitation went off to. Enjoying the party, Steve?" Tony gave a stiff, clipped wave as he approached.
He was shocked and wary when he spiraled close enough to see three of the gargoyles crouching next to the explosion.
Perhaps conveniently, Mr. Burnett interrupted them before Elisa could ask about the specific order of events, corroborating statements from individual guards or security footage.
"Yeah, I'll say." Tony rubbed the back of his head absentmindedly. "So what's your plan if you think you can handle this so well?"
He tried to ignore the odd feeling in his stomach when Xanatos mentioned his friendship with Tony. Maybe he was right, maybe Tony didn't deserve it ... but if Steve was one thing, it was loyal ...
He beat the smaller man to the armory by a mile, but Tony could fully suit up before Steve could even get his civvies off. By the time he had even pulled his shield from its shelf, Iron Man was long gone, leaving him to find his own transportation.
Still disoriented, still not quite sure what he was up against, Tony rolled into a crouch and lifted his palms in what he prayed was the right direction.
"I hope so ... I might live a crazy life, but I like my down time to be just that," he teased back lightly. Already they could hear sirens approaching. "How about something simple next time? A trip to the pictures on me?"
Xanatos was already seated when Owen showed Tony into the dining room, his dark red shirt open at the collar, two glistening lobsters steaming on the table before him. He looked up, mouth halfway to a smile.
ignore me mid-crisis, but it hurt. A lot. I guess I’m just used to hearing her voice right before I almost die, like it’s what brings me back.”
"Nothing yet, but Xanatos took over the arms market when Tony bought out of it. He's got deep corporate footholds in every field of science, and SHIELD just wants to know what he could possibly want with a thousand-year-old Scottish castle."
“Well, we were all in the Tower lounge ... until everyone else left. We got to talking about how we’d misjudged each other … Then he kissed me. In his defense, I don’t think he even knew you and I were dating. I should have told him then and there. Please don’t be mad at him.”
“I’m still sorry, though.” Steve went on, no longer laughing. “I had my own reasons for moving too quickly.”
Tony had mentally prepared himself all day for Xanatos' uncanny ability to piss him off, but he had grown rusty and he found himself falling for the all too familiar nonanswers and evasions.
Sensing the battle had been lost, unable to needle or comfort over the noise known as death metal, Steve left Tony to his own devices.
As Xanatos took them out to survey a damaged courtyard, he assured them that all his employees' weapons were properly permitted.
"Textbooks?" New York's other genius billionaire playboy philanthropist asked with a lift of his eyebrow.
"Genetic engineering?" Tony demanded, hot on the other man's heels, pulling his helmet off to better scowl disapprovingly. "Was Goliath human once or did you start from scratch? Don't you dare tell me you hired Sevarius back!"
Maybe it was best to let Xanatos manipulate Steve however he wanted, if letting him commit some arrestable offenses was the goal here. But that was such a dangerous tightrope to walk.
him in bed?!” She looked as wounded as if he’d done it to her (which, of course, he had on numerous occasions). “God, you can be the
"You're not driving tonight are you, Captain?" Xanatos asked with a smile that said he was only teasing.
Back on the sidewalk, he cast about for Elisa, but she must have gone looking for her warrant after all. Too bad; he really could have used an objective opinion right about then.
"There's a handwritten note too. 'Just thought you should know, this makes my building ten feet taller than yours. Hope you'll join me this weekend, haven't seen you in ages. David. P.S. It's open bar.'"
Steve made a face at that and shook his head, messing about with a pot of boiling water and some more eggs. He almost always fed the others before worrying about his own food.
"I actually can't get drunk," he explained with a needlessly sheepish grin, knowing he must have looked just like Tony, ready for a refill before the bartender had even put the bottle down.
Down in the lab, Tony stared at the plans for his latest gadget ("The StarkLazor: Never buy razor blades again!") - but couldn't bring himself to ponder the problem of making it painless; he had way too much on his mind and not nearly enough on his stomach.
"Well, I've known him for a lot longer than that, and I think you should take whatever he says with a grain of salt. You have no reason to trust me, but ... well trust me. I have to go report to my superiors. Maybe I'll see you around."
"Why was Fury in your hotel room?" she demands. Clint opens his mouth, but Steve cuts in before he can say anything.
Everyone, even Steve with his third-degree burns and Clint with his broken ankle in a new cast, is showing up, which means that we’re ordering copious amounts of takeout to accommodate for all enhanced metabolisms.
“When you two” —I wave a finger between Tony half-in half-out of the kitchen and Bruce, now standing next to Nat and inspecting the drawing/painting Lila had done for her— “programmed him to protect the human race, you fucked up on a scale larger than royal.”
“We suck,” I add, crossing my legs and taking another sip of tequila as Thor’s brother advances towards the bar once again.
Skidding to a stop, I swing around, arms flexing, and fling the blonde towards the truck. He tucks and rolls to his feet, and I uncoil my whip as I follow him down the road.
“That’s the guy my dad never shut up about?” Stark asks to loud. “Wondering if they shouldn’t have kept him on ice.” I sigh irritably, slipping off of the tabletop. I need more coffee for this.
The two of us wind around cars until we can see a head of long brown hair. Natasha points at me, then gestures left, pointing to herself and gesturing up. I nod, creeping around the side of the car.
“Nice to know they’re all as terrible as he is,” I mutter, closing a file and tossing it into the discard pile.
It comes out more of a question than an answer, and I silently curse myself for it, but Steve seems to take it as answer enough.
"Steve was hammering those buttons like they were whatever was left of Hydra," Clint points out dryly. Natasha sighs.
"Is this Bakhmal?" she asks, a faint note of surprise in her tone. I blink to make sure that everything that's happening is real, because Natasha is almost never surprised. "The Khaled Kandil mission, that was you?"
“Почему бы тебе не пойти и не выяснить?” I reply, stepping aside. The broken husk of James Buchanan Barnes walks past me, as if in a trance, turning his back to me. Not the same girl he knew, but not quite different after all.
"I didn't know you were married." Oooh, trust issues. Project Insight, probably. Clint and I don't agree with it either, but we do know that the idea behind it is sound. Stop things from happening before they could happen. But there were outliers like Loki and Thor, beings from other planets that we can't take out with machine guns. Still, that question has a double meaning. Nick shifts, pulling himself up into a slumped sitting position. He flashes another message.
, I sign at Clint. His eyes brighten, and he loops an arm under mine to help hoist me up. I make a face, but the other guy comes over to my other side and helps haul me downstairs. Steve's already there, sitting at the kitchen counter, and he smiles as I collapse into the chair across from him with a pained groan.
He looks up, vision (hah) clear and unclouded. “Maybe I am a monster,” he says, almost conversationally. “I don’t think I’d know if I were one. I’m not what you are, and not what you intended.” He turns, back to me and facing towards Thor. “So there may be no way to make you trust me. But we need to go.”
“So why didn’t SHIELD bring him in on the Tesseract project?” Banner concludes. “I mean, what are they doing in the energy business in the first place?”
I duck, rolling out of the hole in the wall that Ultron and I had made, diving to the side as another beam of orange energy shoots from Ultron’s palm.
“He’s heading towards Nat,” the blonde says without stopping, running past me. I swear, pushing myself to my feet with gritted teeth, hurrying after the archer once I’ve retrieved my whip.
A tactical decision. Even if Thor could fly, the sound of his hammer whirring through the air would alert Ultron. It’s better if he moves on foot.
“You mean other than the ones we brought?” I call back. I bend down to pick up the towel that I’d dropped, rubbing it over my arms hastily.
Steve huffs out a surprised laugh. “I suppose so, but you’ve gotta admit that the Brits knew what they were doing.”
"Natasha, Batroc's on the move," Steve says. "Circle back to Rumlow and protect the hostages." No reply from my end. "Natasha?" Something moves out of the corner of my eye, and I step to the side. Steve barely has time to bring his shield up before Batroc's foot collides with it. The force of it pushes him back and forces him to roll. Batroc launches another kick, and I rugby tackle him to the side. I roll off him quickly, slamming my reaper against the deck. The blade unsheathes with a satisfying whoosh and I lash out with it just as Batroc makes to kick me.
“What the hell are you doing, wondergirl?” Stark demands. I steady myself, lifting my hands and bracing my arms as I fly up, gloved hands meeting cold, unforgiving metal. I can feel the broken hum of engine three, and heat stings my legs through my pants.
“But if iridium is the stabilizing agent, won't that mean that he can control how long the portal's open and how big it is?” I ask, crossing my legs as Stark makes his way over to the control deck, where five screens arranged in a half circle are set up.
I duck under the punch one throws at me, then brace my hands on the ground so that I can bring my entire body around to sweep the guy's feet out from under him. Planting my feet, I use that as levrage to bring the rest of my body up, using that momentum to deliver a blow to the guy's skull that puts him out. Steve is dealing with the two other guards, and I grin.
“Is everything a joke to you?” the Captain demands of the playboy. I start at the raised tone, looking up from my work. Apparently, I’d missed part of the conversation.
"So, y'know how my anti-electricity thing is kinda like a shield, right?" The genius grunts in understanding. "What the gloves do is dampen that shield, but not just around my hands, my entire body." A bitter grin twists my mouth as I move on to the next box. "I had 'em on when SHIELD dug me up, but I grew out of them. SHIELD dismantled the old ones, figured out how to make new ones. Not exactly the best for summer, but at least I don't have to worry about shutting down something important whenever I wear a tank top."
“But we need to have faith in what he does,” Steve insists. “We need to trust that after Ultron, Tony’s learned his lesson.”
“Our next objective is to find out why Ultron wants the vibranium,” Steve is saying when I look back at him. “He’s not just taking it for fun. Tony, you’re our best bet. Get him talking. Try to stall for everyone to get into position. Banner, you stay in the jet. Klaue is hiding in a salvage yard; we don’t want something accidentally destroyed that brings the whole thing down.” Steve has gone full Captain America by now, posture military-rigid, hands behind his back and stance wide.
“You think Fury’s hiding something?” Rogers asks skeptically. Well, it sounds like a question, but seems like a statement.
“Fly Nat back to the Quinjet,” he instructs, ducking out from under the redhead’s arm. “I’ll locate the others. Come back for them.”
"One more stop, and then we're swinging by SHIELD," the redhead informs us, pulling out of the parking lot.
This doctor is no different than the rest, eyeballing the scars that I’d etched into my skin as if to make sure that I hadn’t tried to add to or reopen them. Other than that, though, she smiles and does the checkup and sends me off with a, “You’re all set!” without saying anything.
"I am afraid I have been stalling, Captain," Zola says from the computer. Natasha hurries over, snatching the drive from the plug. "My one regret is that I did not live to see the day that Subject 009 lived up to her full potential." Steve tears away the vent covering in the floor, and Clint quickly jumps in, followed by Nat.
The Quinjet lands, floor rocking gently underneath my feet, and I silently pray for this to all go well as I lead the way out of the cargo bay doors.
“You know, the worst part about it is that I think he does know, just doesn’t care,” I reply. “Charges in like a dumbass.”
“Ah,” Maria Hill says, taking off her helmet. “That thing was squeezing my brain.” She glances at Sam, wiping sweat from her forehead. “Who’s this guy?”
Nat and Clint are set down on a higher level than Tony, Steve, Thor and I enter through, and by the time we make it into the capsized ship Klaue is squatting in, they’re well out of sight.
"Going after him is a dead end," Clint says, crossing his arms. "All of us have tried. He's pretty much a ghost story." I bend to pick up the hard drive that I can't even remember dropping.
As soon as I answer the door and see the man standing outside, I try and slam the door in his face. Sadly, the universe doesn’t seem to be on my side today, because Nicholas Motherfucking Fury is able to wedge his foot between the doorframe and the door, preventing the stupid lump of wood from closing.
Ultron doubles forwards unexpectedly, and I’m not prepared to counter his movement with a little push from my flight. I go flying forwards, losing my grip on my whip.
This time I don’t anticipate the blow that sends me flying back, slamming into the rails of the catwalks. The Soldier’s metal hand heads for my neck, and I barely manage to move before it makes it to me. And then Steve is ramming into the Soldier, sending all three of us tipping over the side of the catwalk and down to some sort of platform just below the targeting blade control panel.
“Hinojosa,” Fury acknowledges, turning away from the sink. I sigh, pulling out a chair at the table.
"Hey, that's Sitwell," Clint says, peering at the photo. "Phil..." He swallows. "Phil was on sick leave, he was our handler for a month, remember?" I nod shortly, stomping down on the memories that gush from that reopened wound. This was not the time to be distracted. Now was the time to focus so that nobody else would be killed.
"Dr. Banner," he calls. The scientist pauses, looking back at the spupersoldier. "Now might be a good time for you to get angry." The smile Banner (Bruce, I think. We're about to face down an unholy lovechild of a centipede, a whale, a turtle and a fish) gives Steve is bitter.
"Do you have it?" Natasha asks without preamble. I give her my best clueless look. Clint is better at this than me. He's a pro at acting clueless even if he knows exactly what the fuck is going on.
Tony is in the next room over, visible only through a portion of the wall that’s cut out and bordered with shelves to hold various vases.
Natasha watches the two disappear into an elevator with a wicked glint in her eyes that promises something fun for her but probably traumatic for others. When she looks at you like that, you
"I'm not gonna ask you again," Steve growls, getting up in Natasha's face. I raise my hand again, clearing my throat. The supersoldier and the spy both turn to look at me.
He opens his mouth to say something else, but something slams onto the roof of the car, denting it. Everyone’s heads snap up just as something metal slams through the roof of the car and grabs Sitwell by the back of the suit, yanking him out of the car through the roof.
It’s like a shield, I guess, but another downside to that is that I disrupt all electrical signals. These gloves let me touch shit without fucking it up.” I snap my fingers (because even in gloves, the metal makes a satisfying clicking sound), mind digging up an old memory. “And according to Phil, I’ve also got superhuman strength to rival Captain America.” Rogers raises an eyebrow at that, all of his previous confusion gone. I've gotta give it to  him: this guy adjusts well.
"As I’ll ever be,” I reply flippantly, jogging ahead of the supersoldier. He rolls his eyes, but not in an annoyed way. I consider it a success, and do a little mental happy dance.
A flash of movement catches my eye, and I turn to see Rogers dragging a semi-stunned Stark to his feet, pushing him out the door.
“Stark, come in,” the blonde says, voice clipped and commanding. He walks back over the Maximoffs, brow furrowing. “Stark.”
“Hey,” I say, trying to get into his field of vision. “Hey, birdbrain. Look at me.” Clint’s jaw drops, shock painted on his face. I bite my lip nervously. If I have to look at him any longer, I’m going to spill my guts out about Phil. “You’re going to be okay,” I say carefully, enunciating each word. Not too much, because I know that he hates when people think that he’s completely incapable of reading lips. “I’m going to unstrap you.”
Clips of Steve from the '40's, then of the SHIELD logo before landing on a picture of Howard Stark, Peggy Carter in the background.
I shoot the last Doombot through the chest and use its falling body as a springboard to launch myself towards 7th.
Maria walks into the room. I don't tip my head up to acknowledge her, just strangle my wrist with my left hand. The skin underneath the jacket is raw, and I embrace the pain, let it ground me in the here and now. Where Nick is dead.
"Gimme a sec," I say into the radio, rolling away from a laser. I head back towards the bridge, landing clumsily. More foot soldiers catch sight of me, immediately firing at me. I slide across the bridge and aim carefully. Four shots. Four aliens hit the ground. There's a small cluster of Chitauri downed by aliens nearby, and I jog over to their bodies. "Hey, C—Hawkeye?" I ask, carefully prying the arrow loose from the corpses. "Do you mind if there's a lot of blue blood on them? 'Cause, like, aliens and shit." The archer groans.
"Rest where?" I snap. "In the hole in the ground that SHIELD dug me out of? In the city, which is being attacked by aliens from outer space? This isn't the time for me to
Shoving Tony into one of the bar stools at the counter and telling him to stay, I rummage around in the fridge.
“The gunshots?” he asks. I nod grimly. The blonde’s jaw twitches, glancing over when the sound of Steve hitting the roof of a car reaches his ears. “You stay. I’ll find her.” I salute him with two fingers, hurrying in the opposite direction of my partner after stowing my whip.
“You’re missing the point,” Tony says dismissively, drawing closer to the god. “There’s no throne, there is no version of this, where you come out on top.” I cross one arm around chest, propping the elbow of the other arm up on it, drink in hand as I follow the genius quietly. He’s stopped within arms reach of the god. “Maybe your army comes and maybe it’s too much for us, but it’s all on you. Because if we can’t protect the earth, you can be damned well sure we’ll avenge it.” Loki grins, and it’s a dangerous one. Any doubt that he may have had is gone.
“Good,” Stark replies. “See what we got. I gotta get this super conducting cooling system back online before I can access the rotors and work on dislodging the debris. I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position. What’s it look like in there?” A pause, in which I can hear both Stark and Rogers moving around.
as two blades unfold from the armguards, about a foot and a half long. Nat likes to call them wrist reapers, since the blades look like those of a scythe.
I block a punch from Ultron, grabbing the inside of his arm to swing him around, using my foot to kick him further out of the train car. A shield comes flying out from behind, pushing him back to me, and I twist quickly to avoid getting hit as the robot barrels back.
Wanda disappears in a blur of black, skirt of her dress swishing out of the nearest car door. At first I think she’s hightailing it out of here, but then I realise she’s slowed to a stop off to the side of the train, one hand resting on her twin’s shoulder.
“Yeah, takes us a while to get any traction, I’ll give you that one,” Tony—because, really, if you stare down an evil Norse god who’s the brother of your teammate together while having a drink and can’t call each other friends, I don’t know what friends are—concedes. Loki pauses in his menacing model walk, calculating look on his face.
Now that I’m not fighting one of the world’s deadliest assassins, my body is finally registering all of the pain. I hiss quietly as another STRIKE member comes up behind me, yanking my hands back and forcing cold silver cuffs onto my wrists.
“We—We reconfigured JARVIS’ matrix to create something new,” Tony says hesitantly, eyes darting across the vision’s face.
Backing away, he's forced into Steve, and quickly reverses so that he can attack the supersoldier. Steve's shield slams into Batroc, knocking him to the ground and forcing him back towards me. The merc braces his hands against the deck and uses it as support to bring his lower body up in a movement like some sort of worm from hell. I lean to the side in order to look around Batroc, raising my eyebrows at Steve. The blonde nods.
"What do you mean by Subject 009?" I whisper. Natasha reaches out, grabbing me by the arm and dragging me back.
It's exhilarating, to be in the thick of battle again. I didn't realize how much I needed this until I'm actually twisting away from lasers, dodging alien punches and kicking Chitauri in the face. Still, one thing that worries me is my reaction time. It's not as fast as it should be, and I know that evey split second you have could mean the diffence between life and death. I'm worried that I'm leaning towards the death side of things.
More Chitauri drop out of the sky, but these ones have some sort of gun with a glowing purple stripe on the side.
“Why don’t you hug her and find out?” the ex-Russian superspy says, leaning down. Lila squirms out of Clint’s arms, hitting the ground at a run and rushing into her arms. Her eyes widen as they catch sight of me from over Nat’s shoulder.
“Thanks, buddy,” Clint says as I propel myself through the air and towards the Doombots. “I’m jumping now, so if you’d stop by before I reach ground level, that would be great.”
“I’ve been plenty capable of handling these kinds of things,” the superspy replies. Her voice is tight with some unidentifiable emotion.
“You can’t keep it up forever, Nat,” I say gently, scooting closer so that our legs are touching. “It’s not who you are.”
Even if three of us can cook, the ones who can’t don’t usually bug us to cook anything. Which is honestly a relief, because everyone in this place has bottomless stomachs.
“You too,” I finally reply. Somebody clears their throat, and I grin as I turn to face Maria Hill, second in command to Nick Fury himself.
I’m shaken out of the memory flash (because even if I’m just remembering now, they seem familiar in a way that could only come from experiencing it firsthand) by the Soldier sending me flying into a car, knocking the wind out of me,
I don’t want to be the cause of America’s most patriotic Boy Scout breaking down in my room at two in the morning over a name.
I loop around to hover at the side of the catwalk as Steve moves forwards, landing quietly behind him once there’s enough room. My whip is still down on the floor below, but I don’t want to turn my back on the Winter Soldier of all people, much less give him a higher vantage point so that he could shoot me in the back.
The concrete knocks all the air out of me, but I roll a few times and slam my hands against the ground to stop, scrambling to my feet as the Soldier advances. There’s a knife in his real hand, the metal one twitching and sparking as it reanimates itself.
I let my feet take me wherever they want, which might have been a bad choice, considering that I end up standing in front of a certain glass cage, facing a sneering god. He doesn’t have the helmet on, though; I’d seen the pictures from Stuttgart, and I couldn’t help but laugh every time I saw the stupid golden thing. The absence of the helmet does not, however, bring my self-preservation instincts into play, nor does it jolt me out of my decaffeinated haze, because the first thing I blurt out isn’t exactly something I’d say to a god.
“We need you back in for special ops,” Fury says without preamble. My mind practically sprints away from the cliff of curiosity, resolve hardening.
And then I see the flames. The jet is falling out of the sky, left wing on fire. Flashes of red and green tell me that Loki and Thor are still fighting. The jet begins to turn away, and I heave a sigh of relief. It's veering around buildings, and the trail of smoke doesn't make it that hard to find.
Like if I hold onto that part of me hard enough, it'll become reality. That I'll actually be normal.
I barely have time to duck before a particularly powerful beam of white light from the Iron Man suit sweeps over my head, mowing through the Chitauri behind me like grass. Then the Iron Man armor is gone and a Chitauri tackles me through the windows of a bus. Yelping as the glass slices through my armor and into my skin, I twist under the alien's relentless grip. Its grubby hands are making their way up to my throat, and I grab the fingers, straining to keep them away from my throat. The alien growls, pressing harder, but I press back, putting all my strength into it. The Chitauri, surprised by my sudden force, lets go, and I twist in order to send it flying back out the window.
"They thought I could help their cause," Zola says, weird digital smile still in place. "I also helped my own."
A blur of silver-blue has me lashing out instinctively, but this time the Maximoff twin is not attacking me.
My radio crackles, startling me, but I manage to jam my reaper into an alien gun and yank it out of the Chitauri's hands.
“The real power is inside the Cradle,” the doctor says. “The gem, its power is uncontainable. You can’t just blow it up. You have to get the Cradle to Stark.”
Mjölnr flies past me, and I lean back just in time to have it sail past the snout of my mask. A loud crash from above tells me that Ultron and Tony have taken their squabble outside.
“Thor, status?” I hear Steve ask. A Legionaire drops from the catwalk above, but I send a knife through one of its eyes.
“Well, this is good times, boss, but I was kind of hoping when I saw you, you’d have more than that,” Natasha says, hard gaze fixed on our former director.
“Why does your “vision” sound like JARVIS?” Steve asks. He’s maintaining his Captain voice and visage, but there are cracks beginning to show.
And the Winter Soldier has some sort of launcher and Steve is shoving Nat and me out of the way and then he’s flying, flying, flying through the air.
Angers wells up in me, because this isn't how this is going to end, this shouldn't be it. Tony couldn't die, not after saving the city. He should be alive to be congratulated, he shouldn't just be another historical figure the world will remember. This isn't how it should end.
There’s a blur of movement as the Soldier in the present leaps into the air, disappearing from sight. There’s a crash as he lands on the roof of the car once more. Sam floors the brakes once again, but it does nothing to slow us down. Nat’s hand is scrabbling around desperately, searching for her gun.
“What the hell are you…?” Cling trails off, letting his sentence hang in the air. Steve swings into the train car, landing beside me.
“I’ll speed up when I’m done saving your ass!” I call back, twisting in midair so that I’m flying backwards as I fire off a round to deter the fanged pterodactyl chasing us down 46th Street of NYC.
"Don't do this to me, Nick," Natasha is saying. Repeating over and over, a mantra. "Don't do this to me."
“Dr. Banner and Agent Hinojosa are only here to track the cube,” a commanding voice states firmly. I snort quietly as Nick strides by purposefully. “I was hoping you might join them.” I roll my eyes, walking off of the table and into thin air as if it were a solid surface.
And then the Soldier is bringing his weapon up to point at me and I’m shooting forwards, hand without the bracelet outstretched and we’re tumbling to the pavement.
“You’re not going to find him if he doesn’t want to be found,” I say quietly. I almost didn’t tell him, but the words clawed at my throat and begged to be let out. “He used to be the Winter Soldier, whether you want it or not.”
“See that red lever? It’ll slow the rotors down long enough for me to get out,” Stark explains impatiently. “Stand by it, wait for my word.” A massive explosion comes from my left, and I yelp as the helicarrier pushes me down a few feet. Muttering a string of expletives under my breath, I heave heavily and push the helicarrier back up.
“Cam. I see you’re back to causing trouble.” I laugh as I drop down to my own feet, following Natasha as she begins to move again, throwing fond glances over her shoulder that she will definitely deny later when asked.
Sam swears again as the car behinds us pushes us forwards, towards the Soldier in the middle of the road.
The train steamrollers through the dead end, onto another street, and flying debris rains in from all sides. I swear, dropping down, and a protective cover made of Steve’s shield quickly appears over me.
Across the room, Clint and I mirror each other as we adjust our stances, widening them in a more battle-ready stance.
I press my hands to Lucky’s chest, pushing him down to the ground so that I can make it into the same room as the others.
The impact knocks all the wind out of me, and before I can recover the Soldier has flung Steve off of him and whipped out a knife, which plunged down towards my head. I roll away, sitting up and scrambling away from the advancing Soldier like a pathetic crab, until I’ve run out of platform and swap over to air. Steve lunges, shieldless, and the Soldier catches him by the throat.
“Zola’s algorithm is a program for choosing Insight’s targets!” Sitwell says desperately, one hand held out as if to stop the three of us from getting any closer.
“Ah, fuck it,” I mutter, pulling away from the pilot’s seat to face the rest of the team. They’re all standing, everyone but Nat looking some shade of confused and apprehensive.
“It’s what I knew him as,” I say in a small voice. There’s something about Steve’s voice, when he’d spoken. Something tight and fragile. Easily breakable.
What did you expect?” Stark replies, a sassy edge to his words. It’s amazing how casual this could be if there wasn’t an evil Norse god eyeing us from below. The last piece of armor is removed, and the glass in front of us splits in two with a quiet whoosh. “This is Stark Tower.”
"You think you can hold them off?" Steve asks worriedly, directing the question at Clint. The archer replaces his arrow in his quiver, pressing a button on his bow. The quiver moves, aligning the arrow with a new arrowhead. I slip my glove out of my pocket, putting it on quickly.
"Cognitive recalibration,” Natasha replies quickly, jumping in before any more damage can happen. “I hit you really hard on the head.” I muster the courage to look up, try to lock any thoughts of Phil out. The look that Clint is giving Nat makes me drop my eyes again. It’s intense, and it’s hurt, and it’s a little bit scared. A lot scared, actually.
"Alright, Agent, what the hell is going on here?" he demands. "What did you put in that coffee, because that girl is flying." I don't need to see Phil to know that he's grinning.
Ultron and I crash into the opposite wall, but not quite with enough force to break through it, only to dent it.
“You have to upload that schematic in the next three minutes,” Bruce is saying by the time Steve holds up a hand to halt the three of us following him.
There is no warning when the hand that Ultron is gesturing with suddenly points towards Tony, an insubstantial, wispy sort of tractor beam yanking the billionaire towards him. Iron Legionaires drop from the catwalks above, and my foot lashes out to kick one towards the other end of the bridge. The Maximoff twin’s are gone in a flash of blue, and I growl. A metal fist barely misses my face, and I reel back to avoid the next hit. Below me, Tony is thrown back by a red beam emitting from Ultron’s hand.
"Cap, we're approaching the drop zone," someone says into my comm. The bracelets Tony had made for me had really helped, and now I can wear comms instead of a radio duct-taped to my shoulder.
The night ends with everyone sprawled out in the living room, wedged onto furniture not designed to hold that many people at once.
Out of the three of us who live at the Tower full-time and the other three who tend to drop in, only Nat, Bruce and I have the ability to cook something other than eggs. Steve, of course, isn’t allowed within twenty yards of the kitchen after the time he burnt water and almost managed to blow up the kitchen. Clint doesn’t quite know how to operate anything other than the coffee machine, the toaster and the microwave when something needs to be reheated, and even then there’s a 95% chance he’ll make something explode if he isn’t using the coffeemaker. Tony either orders something from a nearby takeout place or doesn’t eat for days on account of being locked down in his lab.
I would nod, but by now I've concluded that any sort of movement will cause me pain, so I settle for just looking at Ciint. He smirks, raising his hands again, but there's a knock on the door.
“Well, this time the best way isn’t the best way for you in the long run, so maybe move on to the next best way,” I suggest, reaching out to curl a hand over the other’s. “He’s been confused all week, I can tell. Clint’s been worrying too.”
"Nuke, remember?" Tony says. "Less than a minute now, and I think I know where to put it." I suck in a sharp breath, using a building as a springboard to help me turn, heading for Stark Tower.
“Everyone’s…” Tony pauses, a conflicted expression flitting over his face. He looks to me, and I nod slightly. “We took a hit,” the billionaire says. “We’ll shake it off.”
There’s a knock on the door of my room not a moment after I’d thought that. Standing up and stretching, I open the door and see Clint standing outside with a phone in hand.
Forty-eight hours later and I’m packed, ready to go. I’ve read the briefing packet back to front at least five times, am now an expert at thermonuclear astrophysics and have a splitting headache. A low rumble penetrates my little bubble of thought, and I look up, wind churning the leaves in the yard up and whipping my ice-blue hair out of its lazy bun at the top of my head.
“No drink you’re sure?” Stark asks, as if he actually cares. He pulls off a good flippant front, I’ve got to give him that. Loki shakes his head amusedly, turning away to slowly advance towards a wall made entirely out of windows. Idly, I wonder if they’re ever a party hazard.
“You’re worse than Steve,” Tony grumbles as I pull out a pan. “Nagging and hovering, the both of you.”
"Loki," Steve says darkly, watching the speeders continue down the street, lasers blasting almost nonstop. Explosions obscure my view of the street. "They're fish in a barrel down there," Steve mutters. A few more speeders spot us, but Nat takes them down with a few shots from her handguns. Clint uses the redhead's fire as cover, running towards another overturned taxi cab and drawing an arrow from his quiver.
"This isn't like flying with Iron Man," I warn the archer. "Actually, I'm not sure if this is even going to work, because the last time I carried a passenger was three years ago, and that was a baby." Clint gives me a look.
"Don't trust anyone," Nick coughs out in a bare whisper. Something cold is pressed into my boot, but I don't have time to question it before someone knocks down the door. I swear in some foreign language (I know too many to pinpoint which exact language I'm speaking in, but it's heavy on my tongue and brings to mind the memory of the tang of electricity on my tongue for some reason), grabbing my wrist reapers from where they rest under the coffee table, tucking my whip under one arm.
“Girlfriend,” Clint replies, straight-faced. My jaw tightens in an attempt to keep the laughter from spilling out.
“Yeah, we would have called ahead, but we were busy having no idea that you existed,” Tony tacks on.
The car behind us rams us again, and I swear as I lose my balance, crashing to the side. A metal hand breaks through the windshield, tearing the steering wheel straight out of Sam’s hands.
“Knees, Hinojosa!” a woman barks. I vaguely recognize her from Rumlow’s team, the one night on the Lemurian Star. I grit my teeth, lowering myself to my knees.
What I do know is that the white is making my headache worse, and that there's a vent on the other side of the hospital bed. I use it, drop out right in front of a certain walking American flag in civvies, scaring the shit out of him.
The expression on my face must be particularly devastating, because the redhead immediately stands, heading towards me. Taking my hands, she leads me to her deserted chair and pushes me down into it. I don’t fight it, because my head is pounding and I can’t even think about fighting right now. Because I’d always figured that Phil would outlive me, what with the crazy shit I do and the possibility of an expiration date on my part. But he didn’t, and now he’s dead, and there’s nothing that can change that.
"Dude, Captain America needs my help," Sam says, smiling. "There's no better reason to get back in." Steve looks hesitant, but doesn't try to persuade Sam to leave.
The philanthropist rounds on Bruce, eyes flashing. “That’s it?” he demands. “You just roll over, show your belly, every time somebody snarls.”
The entire back of my body is stinging like crazy, but I push past the pain. Rolling my shoulders with a slight grimace, I climb out the broken window carefully. There's barely enough time for me to register that Steve is pinned by a Chitauri before four lasers hit me in the side and send me flying. My whip goes one way, dislodged from my belt when the force of the lasers sent me crashing into the side of a car, but there's no time to retrive it before the Chitauri begin firing again.
“Goddamit, Clint,” I mutter. A laser soars over my head, hitting the building in front of me. Whirling around, I see Doombots situated on top of the building opposite.
“If you don’t help us,” he says evenly, “there’s not going to be any world in which you can make a motherfucking latte.” The impact that one sentence has on me will lead me down a path that I wish that I’d never gone down. Because, to me, this was my last chance at a normal life. And if I had to go back to being… well, back to being who I was before to preserve this life, then I will. This life is all I’ve ever wanted. And I’d do anything to preserve it.
"Which is...?" Clint prompts, raising an eyebrow. I glance at Steve, Maria and Natasha all up at the viewing room. Nat looks frazzled, despite looking perfectly put together. She'd burst into the viewing room barely a minute ago, eyes desperate and worried. Stiill, she's engaged in a low conversation with Steve at the window.
“JARVIS has been running it since I hit the bridge,” Stark cuts in. “In a few hours, I’ll know every dirty secret SHIELD has ever tried to hide.” He offers the supersoldier the silver bag. “Blueberry?”
The familiar whine of repulsors greets me when I flip over a laser, landing on my hands and using the momentum from the flip to propel myself into the back of a nearby alien. The impact from the flip jarrs my wrists, and the actual impact from kicking the Chitauri had sent me tumbling into a backroll, but it's worth it when the alien I had collided with flails, wildy off balance, before toppling into another small group of its fellow soldiers. A few more aliens are taken out with the now-familiar white energy from Tony's repulsors, and all of a sudden the crackle of
"All right, I have a question for you," the redhead declares. I hum quietly to myself. Didn't expect her to be that blunt. "Which you do not have to answer," Natasha adds quickly. "But I feel like if you don't answer it, though, you're kind of answering it, you know?"
“He’s easy to track,” Nick says dismissively. “He’s everywhere. Guy’s multiplying faster than a Catholic rabbit. Still doesn’t help us get an angle on any of his plans, though.”
“I’m sure he’ll love those,” Kate replies. “Hey, give me Clint. I heard about the stupid stunt he pulled, getting hit by a laser last mission. I hope he realises you’re the one who doesn’t deal with the effects of that shit.”
bet, mind you. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Or on her period, which is beside the point.” Tilting my head to one side, I inspect the god critically. “One last question before I go: which one do you feel like right now? The ant, or the boot?” A snarl contorts Loki’s face, and the god surges to the wall of the cage, slamming a fist against it.
The train lurches again, but instead of the smooth glide of wheels on tracks, this time the train is off-kilter, momentum forced like its wading through something.
"This can't be the data point," Natasha murmurs, advancing towards a computer almost older than me at the center of the room. "This technology is ancient." The rest of us follow her, just as the computer screen flickers on. There's some sort of camera on top, and it shifts to scan the four of us as a pair of glasses appear onscreen.
"Five years ago, I was escorting a nuclear engineer out of Iran," Natasha replies, words getting a little faster now. "Somebody shot out my tires near Odessa. We lost control, went straight over a cliff. I pulled us out. But the Winter Soldier was there. I was covering my engineer, so he shot him straight through me." She tugs up her shirt, revealing a not-so-old scar. "Soviet Slug. No rifling. Bye-bye bikinis." She puts her shirt back down.
"Stark, these things are still coming," Steve grunts. I sheathe my reapers, yanking my gloves off and stuffing them in my pocket. My bare hands latch onto a speeder and it dies immediately. I kick it hard, and it crashes into a nearby building before it can reboot.
I fall asleep in the vents, neck angled awkwardly and body contorted in a half fetal position, but I’ve never been more comfortable around somone that wasn’t Nat, Clint or Phil—oh god,
“Dem, though I do have a few other names. Makes it kinda complicated, but you get used to it after a while.” The god of mischief stands up from his place on the provided cot, beginning to pace.
The soft scent of some sort of flower reaches my nose, and Nat envelops me in a tight hug. I cling to her like a lifeline for who knows how long, both of us drowning in our misery. Tears won’t form. I just shake with silent sobs while Natasha holds me tightly, sharing my pain as best as she can. My safety goggles dig into my collarbone, and I feel like trash. Because maybe if I hadn’t left, if I hadn’t run away, then I would’ve been able to stop this. Would’ve been able to distract Loki long enough for everyone to get away.
“Ugh!” Ultron exclaims, cutting the supersoldier off. I narrow my eyes, leaning forwards a bit, because if Ultron truly had no doubt about the Maximoffs’ loyalty, he wouldn’t have cut Steve’s spiel off. “Captain America,” the robot continues. “God’s righteous man, pretending you could live without war.” If machines could sneer, Ultron was doing it. “I can’t physically throw up in my mouth, but…”
"Just like Budapest all over again!" Nat calls over the sound of gunfire. Clint and I both shoot her identical looks of disbelief.
Hitting send, I toss the phone back into the front seat and lean back. A few minutes later, we pull up at the curb.
Walkways are a little more complicated, but not overly so; the guards collapsed on the walkways are easy to jump over, you just have to put a little effort into your landing to make it quiet. About six more guards emerge from inside what I assume must be some sort of break room by the donuts they're all holding. I vault over the railing without pausing, landing right on top of one. Before the others can even call for help, Steve drops down and takes out another one. I whirl around, leg coming up and catching the other with a kick.
“Please never use that word in that context ever again,” Fury says, voice expressionless. “I’ll drop Banner off at the Tower. Do you mind if I borrow Ms. Hill?”
"No," the man says, leaning forward to grab the file. "One of these." He hands the file back to us, and my eyebrows raise in amazement.
The low growl cuts Steve's directions short, and even he turns to see the source of the interruption. I grin when I see who it is.
"Exactly," the brunette declares. He turns around. "Raise the mizzenmast. Ship at top sails." I can practically hear the techs in the room rolling their eyes.
“Ты меня знаешь,” I whisper. The same thing Steve had said. Different implications. Because those memories that weren’t mine—they were. They were all mine.
"This is SHIELD," Natasha murmurs. "Maybe where it started." She crosses the room slowly, going through a door just to the right of the SHIELD logo on the far wall. The room behind it is filled with shelves, but right as you enter there's a line of framed pictures on the wall.
My eyes widen, and I risk a glance out the window as I fly past. There is a golden supernova hanging in the sky, a telltale sign of a bomb.
"So, the real question is, how do the four most wanted people in Washington kidnap a SHIELD officer in broad daylight," Steve concludes grimly.
Again, I do not speak Russian and I am very, very sorry if I’ve screwed something up. Here’s the translations (in order)
The arm whirs and dies once again, and I drop to the ground as Nat makes her escape, rolling out of the way of a blow from the Soldier’s real arm. Jumping to my feet, I make a pass at my whip, but then he’s in front of me and I’m ducking under a punch.
He offers the file back to Bruce, but Thor intercepts it. “There are conventions, alright?” Tony says defensively upon seeing Steve’s Disappointed Mom Look. “You meet people. I didn’t sell him anything. He was talking about finding something new, a game changer. It was all very “Ahab.””
“Ahh, Juniour,” Tony says, taking the initiative as Thor and Steve make it to the fourth floor. “You’re gonna break your old man’s heart.” The Iron Man suit changes directions as Ultron turns, landing on the catwalk in front of the demigod and supersoldier. I circle around overhead in lazy circles, tilted back casually with my hands resting on the guns at my hips.
Gunfire from above has both Steve and me moving away from Ultron as he’s bombarded with bullets, each of them sparking off of him in a shower of yellow-orange.
"Most jackass leaders I meet like to hide where they can control everything without being seen so that it lowers the risk of them being seen," the blonde replies. He tilts his head. "In other words, the control room."
him like I would have if I’d known him in person. It’s strange to think of Steve’s childhood friend as Bucky. Not when I’d known him as the man who’d nearly taken my eye out with a well-placed blow.
“Three minutes, you two.” Maria’s voice is strained and worried, something that I’ve almost never heard her sound like and it’s serious, but all I can think of is Steve and the person who was Bucky.
“Any hope of you forgetting that you want to kill me?” I ask, swallowing my fear. No answer, just the feeling that the glare is being dialed up to about a 10.5. “I’ll take that as a no.”
“Don’t,” the ex-Russian superspy says sharply. “Don’t do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic and nothing we were ever trained for.” I look up again, a little bit above both of their heads.
"So, the question is, who at SHIELD could launch a domestic missile strike?" Natasha asks, going straight to business.
, Cap! We both need to be out there, fighting, and this is wasting our time, and wasting the lives of everyone still trapped in this hellhole!" Steve's frown lessens.
“Steve,” I say gently. “I want to you think real hard and look past that stubborn faith and see that he’s
"That stop better be for coffee," I grumble, eyes sliding closed and head lolling against the headrest.
Question answered, Bruce’s haze drifts back towards Vision. “If we’re wrong about you,” he says hesitantly, softly, “if you’re the monster that Ultron made you to be…”
“I don’t know how to explain it. I was younger. My mind was more malleable. They could shape it however they wanted, and it’s stupid, but I’m so grateful towards them. That they didn’t turn me into something…” I bite my lip, grasping for words that don’t quite fit. “Something,” I finish lamely, taking a sip of scalding tea. “The Soldier—fuck, I mean,
“Yeah,” I reply, blowing gently on my tea. The steam rising from the mug is hitting my chin, and when I move away the vents feel colder than usual. “From what I can remember, they kept him—the Soldier—on a different sort of… brainwash. Than me, I mean. Like, I was being brainwashed one way and he was being brainwashed in another.”
We hit the pavement hard enough to crack it, and that does it for my legs, which collapse underneath me. I'm lucky that Tony doesn't land on me, because hauling his heavy-ass suit was not something that I'd want to do again. Thor, Steve and Hulk arrive just as I push myself to my knees, bent over Tony's head. I back away when Thor gets there, and the demigod easily rips off his mask. Steve lowers his head to check for a heartbeat, lifting it after three beats or so. Tony's eyes are closed, face peaceful. My fists clench, grit on the ground getting under my nails. My gloves are still tucked into a pouch on my belt.
"Hold on!" Tony says, circling up and launching a missile straight into the fleshy part. It explodes almost immediately, and guts and metal rain down on us. Steve shelters Nat with his shield, Clint ducks behind a car, Thor shields his face with his arm and I leap backwards, flying out of the way of any flying debris.
