He had said with an apologetic smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes as he waggled his fingers, both flesh and metallic, in the air. Considering the alpha had the reflexes of a cat, Tony wasn’t fooled. In high school whenever he had seen Rogers or Barnes walking down the hall with their arms laden with books, he and his cronies would slap whatever they were holding right out of their hands.
“Nope!” Tony popped his ‘p’ with a sigh as he stepped away from the bed and out toward the hallway surreptitiously rubbing his elbow.  “Looks like I’m sleeping in the cupboard under the stairs for tonight.”
Steve blew out a hard breath, strong hands coming down to frame his hips. The Alpha was wearing a pair of well worn blue jeans paired with a black polo shirt that cling to his broad shoulders. He had gone inside to clean up a couple of hours ago and to catch up on some paperwork. Tony couldnt help but notice, with a tiny curl of satisfaction, that there were still some glittering red speckles streaked through the captain’s hair.
“Five...four… three.. Two...one!” Cooper and Lila pushed the launch button and the three watched as the rocket rose into the sky until it was just a speck amongst the white cotton ball clouds overhead.
“See ya around, Tony.” he picked up his art supplies and headed towards the basement. It was the one area of the massive house that Tony had yet to explore.
“My apologies for my insolence, Alpha. I will endeavor to make sure it never happens again.” His voice came out toneless, wooden. Steve’s sharp exhale was the only sign that his words had been heard.
“Bacons, uh, well. Bacon is soggy, if you want some. Not sure I’d really recommend it.” His free hand plunged into the soapy, water filled, sink and fished out a blackened piece of bacon.
“I think you know who Iron man really is. I think you had more to do with his conception than picking out the colors of the armor.” She pressed her palm to his chest, fingertip tapping against the arc reactor that glowed a soft blue beneath his shirt.  “Any chance you just wanna tell me about him? Give me a name?”
As pack leader, Steve would be expected to have the biggest homestead so that he could host the pack in times of trouble. Luckily Steve’s pack was a small one, and he was sure every member of it had their own room inside - even if they lived somewhere else. So in the event of an emergency or a meeting, no one would be forced to bunk down together. They didn't have to share space under one roof, like in days of old. Most likely, the rest of his pack had homes nearby and used Rogers’ home as a meeting place.
“Doing what?” Steve moved across the kitchen, fetching a glass that he filled with cold tap water. He ruffled through the first aid kit, finding some ibuprofen.
“For your consideration, Alpha.” Even his words were soft, deferential. Tony couldn't deny that inside of him there was a part of him squirming in humiliation.
There were few people in this world that Steven Rogers actively hated, and Tony Stark just happened to be one of them.  As a kid, briefly, he had looked up to Tony. King of Trinity High School, he was rich, funny, and charming. He flunked every class he was enrolled in and yet the teachers and staff still genuinely loved him. He was nice to almost everyone… except, for some still as yet to be discovered reason, him. Steve had no idea what it was that he had done to Tony Stark. Maybe it was being a poor kid from the wrong side of the tracks at a rich kid school. Maybe it was that he had been born scrawny and skinny and scrappy, an easy mark for most bullies. Hell, maybe Tony just didn't like his shade of blue eyes. He had spent enough time glaring in to them, after all.
“Permission to be dismissed, Alpha?” Tony spat the words at the floor, refusing to look at Steve. At the wide blue eyes filled with disgust and shock.
“You’re unbelievable, you know that?” Steve all but growled as he climbed the steps to the pack house, and shouldered the front door open. Tony tried to wriggle out of his arms, but the steely bands wrapped around him wouldn't budge. He breathed a sigh of relief when Steve walked into the kitchen. It was almost a welcome relief, knowing where he stood in this pack. Familiarity breeds comfort and all that, even if what he was familiar with was shitty by any stretch of the imagination.
“Oh and Tony, some of the wildlife can be aggressive so… if you’re going on a hike maybe just let me know.”
“You seem to still harbor some ill will there towards me Spangles. It’s like 3 birds and one stone. Keep Stark tech off the black market. Have a small fortune at your hands to help rebuild your pack. Money to make investments so that they have a future. And get your old high school nemesis at your complete mercy - which is the last place he ever would want to be.”
“Mister Stark, Mister Stark - we’re here.” The message was delivered with a gentle shake to his shoulder and a kind smile from the elderly driver. “You slept for the whole trip. But they’ll be waiting for you inside the main house there.”
Bruce choked on his coffee, Bucky snorted, and Steve looked poleaxed. Natasha of course, merely took a demure sip of her coffee and went back to reading the newspaper.
Tony paused on the other side of the wall, straining to hear Steve’s response. He could have said a number of things. He could have told Bucky to back off, to leave him alone, but he didn’t. Instead Steve said nothing and as far as Tony was concerned that… spoke louder than words.
I know everyone wanted Rhodey to kick some ass. Maybe he will. Maybe he wont. Who knows? I hope you enjoyed this chapter even if it was a choppy mess. Let me know what you think! As far as whats up ahead in the next chapter well... the boys are going to the city and Steve is about to run into an old familiar face. The first of the many secrets Tony is keeping is about to be unveiled!
With the rich, heady, smell of coffee brewing in the air, Tony leaned against the counter and gazed out the window. A soft orange glow was spreading across the horizon as the sun began its ascent in the sky. Fog rolled across the grass in the distance, almost obscuring the mountains from view. The hiking here must be nice, Tony mused, if one was into that sort of thing. Outdoor activities weren’t exactly his style. Tony much preferred his shop with the sweet sound of AC/DC blasting in his eardrums while he worked on an engine or one of his inventions. Something real, something tangible, that he could fix. Improve. Make better. If he closed his eyes he could still see the workshop, smell the stale coffee and grease. Tony was never more comfortable than when he had a tool in his hand. This? This domestic...farm life? It wasn’t for him.
“Great. Thanks.” He slung his duffel on the floor. “Is it okay if I unpack or?” Tony arched an eyebrow at Steve who was staring piercingly at him.
It didn't take long for his rights in the company to be stripped from him. Pepper tried her hardest to defend him, bless her heart, but the board of directors and their investors were relentless. They wanted Tony gone, or under control. Their lawyers had dug around and found some antiquated laws. Because Tony had lied to everyone about his second gender, he could be convicted in a court of law of breaking about a half dozen antiquated laws that the Omega Rights Movement had not yet been able to overturn. The board had given Tony a choice. Go to jail, or pick a mate from one of the list of bachelors the company had provided.
“Does he know, Tony?” There could have been dozens of things that Pepper was talking about. Tony kept many secrets and Pepper and Rhodey knew most of them. But this needed no clarification.
The only thing that might work was proving to Rogers that he had changed. He wasn't a young kid who was wrapped up in his own ego and cruelty. If that star-spangled-asshole wanted him to get on his knees and beg for his consideration… fuck it.
“Morning campers!” Tony called cheerily as he strode through the room towards the kitchen, damp skin glistening and the little cape fluttering behind him. Clint’s eyes snagged briefly on the scarred tissue around the newest version of the arc reactor in Stark’s chest, cataloging the information for review at a later time. His sharp eyes also didn’t miss the faded silverIt was then that he realized the little shit hadn't just made a pair of panties, but an actual glorified thong.
Tony leaned back into the seat, tilted his head back and closed his tired eyes. With his duffel across his lap and the weight of the world temporarily lifted from his shoulders, Tony slept for the first time in 4 days.
“Ah, the prodigal Alpha returns! Morning Spangles. Eggs are on the table. Scrambled. I was trying to make an omelette but well, now we’re having scrambled eggs.” He fluttered his eyelashes, his whiskey eyes lacking the warmth the tone of his voice employed.
Tony stumbled around down stairs in the dark, having not paid attention to where any of the light switches were during the infamous tour yesterday. When he stubbed his toe on the corner of a chair while passing through the dining room, Tony blew out a frustrated breath and muffled a curse. He missed Jarvis. With an AI in charge of the household there was no such thing as stumbling around in the dark or brewing his own coffee.
Tony had made that discovery quite accidentally when he was out exploring the grounds, eager to get out of the house that was quickly becoming suffocating. His eyes had alighted on the two story farm house in the distance, wide wrap around porch with a scattering of children's toys in the yard. There was a small pink bike with glitter tassels in the handle bars and a white wicker basket propped up against the porch, a blue one left haphazardly in the grass by the driveway. Baseball bats and soccerballs were left discarded on the porch by small, careless, hands. He could, even from a distance, hear the happy laughter of children playing, followed by the deeper cadence of Clint’s voice. He was playing with his children, and it was clear that they loved him. Some unnamed emotion made his throat tight, his chest hurt, and his eyes prick. He had about faced, heading off into the woods in the distance instead of following the dirt road that would lead him past Clint’s home and further up into the mountains.
It has been exceptionally hard to find the time and inspiration to write, so I apologize if this chapter seems less fluid than others. Between work (which has gotten ridiculously stressful since the whole pandemic began for a number of reasons) and home school (teachers don't get paid enough, by FAR) I've had little personal time. Sundays are my days to write!  When I sit down to write, it's usually at the end of a long, super stressful, day and half the time I am a little better than a zombie. So yes, that is why there was a delay.
Steve let out a breath that hissed out his nostrils and through clenched teeth. Tony flinched. Steve pushed away from the counter, away from Tony and walked toward the sink. Tony listened, eyes averted and neck bared, as Steve turned on the water.
A frisson of unease trailed up Tony’s spine. He clicked his teeth shut, the prior amusement he felt bleeding from his eyes until only a mask of polite interest was left. Despite his best efforts his knee-jerk reaction was to tilt his head to the side, baring his neck to the penetrating stare of his Alpha. Tony tried to cover the movement by slapping his hand to massage the back of his neck in an aw-shucks manner as he  hitched his duffel higher up on his other shoulder.
If Tony could turn back time he would have steered clear of the gangly, long limbed Rodgers, who had charmed everyone around him with his kind heart and infectious smile. But Tony couldn't turn back time, and he wasn't about to apologize to Rogers for things he had done as a teenager. Rogers certainly didn't want to hear it, and Tony wasn't going to waste his time.
That is, until the late Obidiah Stane’s last will and testament had revealed that Tony Stark was indeed an Omega. It went to show that Obie couldn't go to the grave unless he was sure that Tony had been utterly and completely ruined.
He destroyed it. Once Stark Industries got their hands on his personal lab and notes, there would be too many conclusions they could draw that would lead them to places Tony wanted them nowhere near. He didn't want the bastards to have any of his tech. He couldn't afford for his weapons to once again fall into enemy hands. Jarvis and DUM-E were the only things left unscathed. Jarvis was incorruptible. And DUM-E? Well, Tony didn't have the heart to hurt the little guy, annoying as he was.
And then the stuck up, spoon fed, too-smart-for-his-own-good little socialite turned on a trim heel, slapped his own ass, and made his way into the kitchen leaving a silent and shocked room of superheroes in his wake.
Nothing mattered but keeping his tech out of enemy hands. Not his pride. Not his reputation. Nothing.
Well, there it is. Chapter 2. Once again I want to apologize for any grammatical errors and reiterate that I, in fact, suck at editing/spelling/grammar. So... Thank you all for hanging in with me and reading. Your reviews mean so much and make me smile, it's fun to get the notifications and nerd out for a bit in the middle of the day. I was originally going to write this fic entirely from Tony's POV, but if I did that I feel like poor Steve would be so hated that everyone would come after him with torches and pitchforks. So, you also heard from Steve in this chapter about some of the things Tony did to him in high school. Makes his anger understandable, and something he is going to struggle with in the upcoming chapters. Please keep in mind that with young Tony, not everything is as it seems. He was definitely a mean little shit, but not a completely terribly mean little shit. :P I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
Tony let the hot water beat down on his shoulders, his hair plastered to his face as the steam billowed up around him. He took a deep breath, fighting to clear away the anxiety that was pulsing in his chest. How different would life be if he were born Alpha? Or even Beta? His hands fisted at his side as the familiar bitter fantasy played out in his head. There was no use dreaming about it, he knew, shaking his head to clear away the thoughts. He simply had to muscle onward. One foot in front of the other.  Eventually the secrets he was sitting on would be uncovered and out, and as much as that terrified him the thought also brought a cleansing serenity in equal measure. He was sick of having what felt like the weight of the world on his shoulders. Sick of carrying the burden of the secrets he kept.
“Stark-Rogers now, Tony.” Pep corrected halfheartedly, reaching up to brush a wayward lock of inky black hair off his forehead. “I hope you’re right.”
Steve snorted. “You’re obviously in pain, Tony.”  Steve’s voice came out hard, gritty. “And apparently I can’t trust you to be honest with me.”  Cautiously Tony tilted his head back to stare up at the Alpha holding him. Steve was a hard one to peg. He never knew where he stood with the Alpha. With Howard and Obie, things had been pretty cut and dry. Was Steve mad? Tony hated that he didn't know, but staring up at his Alpha’s hard blue eyes and clenched jaw made Tony think maybe Steve
Tony grabbed the chair and sank down into it, one leg slung over the other, his arms crossed over his chest tightly. He knew what his body posture said, would know that Steve would be able to see it, and yet he still couldn't help it. He wanted to get the fuck out of here, away from Steve. An uncomfortable silence stretched between them.
Rogers released Tony so suddenly that he stumbled backwards in mute shock on his heels. He knew his face must be a mask of confusion. Everything he had heard about the infamous Captain Steven Rogers, everything he knew… this was just out of character for the boyscout, moral-oral, Alpha. And yet there he stood, strong arms folded across a broad chest and an implacable stare on his face.
“You have a forgiving nature sir.  Besides, it appears you are quite fond of Colonel Rhodes and if you do not assist him there is a very real danger of him being cooked alive.”
Tony’s shoulders were hunched, arms crossed defensively over his chest. Steve glanced at him from the corner of his eye, his lips twitching upward slightly.
The control he had been clinging to so tightly for the past few days finally snapped. Tony’s elbows thudded down on the table as he leaned forward in challenge. “A hero?” a disinterested sort of scorn laced his voice. “Like you? You’re a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.”
“Get ready to jet, kiddos.” Tony whispered as the rocket passed over the group of  Alphas. “Now!” He shouted, pushing the button. The rocket exploded over the rest of the pack, gold and red glitter raining down in an explosive cloud that covered all of them from head to toe.
“Yeah yeah, you were off joining the Marines and blowing shit up without me - rude -” Tony rolled his eyes. “Well anyway, I mated to that kid. Er, guy. Alpha. Man. Whatever.”
Perhaps he deserved it. God knows that he was no Saint. For a long time he had selfishly focused on putting himself first before everything and everyone else. He partied too much, and had too much fun, and he didn't care who got hurt or who had to pick up the pieces. He had been young, brash, and immature. Afghanistan had opened his eyes, made him realize that what he did affected other people. That he couldn't afford to be naive. His naivety and immaturity had cost people, good people, their lives.
Tony didn't bother to correct him. Technically he was now Anthony Stark-Rogers, as stomach churning and nauseating as that sounded. Instead he turned into Pepper’s embrace.
Fear of the unknown had him frozen. It wasn't one of Tony’s better moments, and of course because he was mid-panic attack he didn't notice when Rogers walked out the front door to lean against the rail post.
“Tony is right. He’s got some bruised ribs and a sprained ankle. That lump on his head is a little concerning. We’ll give him some ibuprofen, or if the pain is bad I’m sure we can get something a bit stronger too. We need to elevate that ankle, and ice it. I don't want to wrap his ribs for a bruise, it’s only going to make breathing harder. We don’t want him to get pneumonia. He will need someone to wake him up every 4 hours tonight to make sure he isn't concussed.”
“I considered it briefly, but watching you two stumble up the stairs was far more entertaining.” Steve chuckled, “I even got it on video. We can watch it later and laugh and laugh and -oof!” Steve chortled as Tony sent his elbow careening into the Alpha’s hard stomach - probably hurting himself more than Steve.
Ten minutes later the unmistakable sound of bare feet padding down the stairs reached his ears. Between Bucky and himself, they had been able to snag every article of clothing that Stark owned and string it up between the two oak trees out in the backyard. Clint had been surprised at the lack of designer clothes. Just a few band shirts and plain tees that were riddled with holes and burn marks. The jeans had holes in them too, and it wasn't by design either. Hardly seemed like that clothes of a spoiled socialite, but then appearances could certainly be deceiving. As a spy no one knew that better than Clint himself.
“Ah, the war room.” Tony had quipped, to which Rogers had simply arched one of those damn supercilious eyebrows of his. As his lips parted Tony sighed and waved him away. “Yeah, yeah, not allowed in here either. Got it, Cap.”
Shaking his head to clear his thoughts, his thumb stroked over the glossy surface of the flip phone clenched in his hand. Taking a deep, cleansing, breath to scatter his derailed train of thought Tony thumbed the phone open and dialed the number he knew by heart.
Tony’s jaw felt tight. His entire body was lined with tension. Rogers wanted to talk about it? Great. This was just great.
Unfortunately for Tony’s wounded pride, there was too much on the line for him to simply give up and walk away. Gritting his teeth he darted in front of his old nemesis, whiskey eyes snapping fire.
“Well with you out of the weapons game the US government had to defer to the next leading expert on weapons technology.” Rhodes said with a shrug, wiping his forearm across his forehead. His gaze turned toward the cabin in the distance and the growing crowd of onlookers making their way, somewhat aggressively, out of it.
He turned to look at all of his friends. “Thank you, all of you. I just—I don’t want him to regret this, and I know I’ll never regret it, but I just…”
“I do have a team… I have a team,” he said, repeating it a few more times. He had names, people he had to find. He needed to know where they were and that they were
"And maybe tomorrow night, or whenever Steve and I are back to normal, the team can go out to dinner as a group. If you guys go with us now then
"Was there anyone else with me?" Steve asked, the panic finally starting to set in. Where was Tony? He hadn't been fast enough to grab his boyfriend.
Tony hadn’t moved from the chair that he’d sat down in the day previous. It had taken only a couple of hours from him to go from talking nonstop to just sitting in silence, curled up as tightly as he could be. His face wasn’t nearly as red under his eyes as it had been the previous night, but the dark circles under his eyes had gotten darker.
“That’s new,” Tony said, scooting back against the wall. Crossing his arms he watched the impostor pull the heavy metal door open before he rushed in.
"What if I was the one who took you off to bed?" Natasha asked, somehow managing to sneak up behind them and slide in between Tony and Bruce.
"I can create a distraction," Tony suggested, faceplate flipping down. "You two can go in both sides and catch them off guard. And I agree, Clint—keep an eye on Bucky. And Steve. You've got two eyes, you can do it."
He only really got a moment to watch the glory that was his creation before it pulsed out a wave of energy, knocking him to the ground. He heard someone crash down to the ground somewhere behind him, and Tony glanced over his shoulder, smiling upon seeing Steve there.
“We gather here today,” the pastor spoke up as Tony got lost in those endless skies that were Steve’s eyes, promising to have and to hold, in sickness and health, ‘till death do us part…
"You'll go crazy if you're not allowed in your lab," Steve said. "I'm probably not the supervision that Bruce was talking about, but I spend lots of time in the lab with you anyway. I know you're having trouble with this, and being locked out of the lab is going to make it worse."
when we'd get another dimension-traveler," a peppy woman with brown hair said as she walked up to him. "So tell me, Steve, how's your world? We've seen and heard of some crazy worlds so far."
“The team called S.H.I.E.L.D. and sent them to that town,” Tony said quickly. “That’s what Bruce said. They’re going to… stop that from happening again.” Tony grinned. “I never got to say thank you—if you weren’t there, they would’ve killed me. I didn’t even realize what they were doing until that guy almost stabbed me!”
"You're not going to lose me," Steve murmured, loosening his grip on Tony just enough to be able to look him in the eye. "It can't be because I'm an Avenger. You've never had a problem with me being on the team before..." Tony could almost see it in his eyes as he tried to solve the problem. Solving problems was something that Steve was always too good at. "It's because of Bucky, isn't it?"
But this was more than just the two of them. This was something bigger, something larger than just the two of them.
"Bruce is on a mission," Clint pointed out, relaxing against the wall behind him once Tony was done. "Thanks... I didn't think they'd be shooting at
"She's right, you know," Steve pointed out, leaning over to kiss Tony. When he was in his suit, he was actually just a tad bit
“I love you so much… and I really do wish that you’d just wake up already,” Tony whispered. He didn’t have a chance to feel sad, though, because Steve’s heartrate monitor—the one that Tony had
"I guess if you really want to," Bucky said, sounding suspicious. He looked over at Steve and relaxed a little, probably upon seeing the wide grin on Steve's face. "I mean, it's not like you could make it worse than it is right now, since it's basically useless at the moment."
, and I think that's old enough to be considered old," Steve said, crossing his arms with a slight smirk. "Glad to know my team knows not to mess with me."
"You're cheating," Tony muttered, eyes half-closed. "This is just part of your plot to get me back into bed, isn't it?"
At first, Bucky hadn’t understood what was going on. All that he knew was that Steve was lying unconscious in a bed and there wasn’t
were dead... They broke me. I remember that... There's so much that I've managed to remember, a lot of which I'd rather forget. But I remember you... and I'd never want to forget you."
—he will tear you apart, and the rest of us, too, unless you let us kill the beast,” the man growled, his voice low and dangerous. There was fear in his eyes, though, as he kept looking back over at the sword. “Only silver can kill a werewolf.”
“You’re awake,” Tony said before the shorter man threw himself into Steve’s arms. He hugged Tony like he’d never see him again, like if he let go now he would lose his lover forever.
pretty wonderful," Steve murmured, leaning down to steal a quick kiss from Tony. "Though I have to say, it's been
—Tony finished off the rest of the bottle and placed it on the ground, gently rolling it away so that he wouldn't trip on it.
"I've got you, it'll be okay," a robotic voice murmured, and Steve let himself stay limp and relaxed. Iron Man had him, he'd be okay. He could see flashes of red and gold from the armored Avenger's suit. He'd been worried about his red-and-gold-clad friend. Tony had been sending him off on a lot of missions lately, though if the team needed him, he was always there. It was good to know that everything was fine...
“There’s something I didn’t tell you about earlier,” he admitted, carefully turning around to that instead of having his back pressed up against Steve’s chest with those firm arms wrapped tightly around him, he was face to face with his lover. There was a curiosity in Steve’s eyes that he’d really missed seeing.
of his teammates was actually in the kitchen at the moment. Oh well, he’d just track the rest of them down.
The worst thing about watching Steve day in and day out was the fact that when something was wrong, Tony was more than likely there to see it. The last time that anything had happened with Steve, Clint had been the one in the room. This time? This time Tony was there.
to think about. While he'd trusted Iron Man before—the man had become a close friend, despite the lack of time he spent around the team, seeing that he claimed to have another life that was separate from his being Iron Man—it was nice to finally know who it was that he was trusting with his life.
“It’s okay, babe, just stay calm,” Tony said, feeling completely helpless. Was it the simulation? Was it crashing? There was no way, it wasn’t possible. He made sure of that. There wasn’t too much power going to the machine, so there would never be a power surge that could cause a crash…
“…Yeah, that must be it,” Steve said, unsure why the name was giving him that strange feeling again. Something was wrong here. Where did he know that name? He wasn’t sure, but the name made his head start hurting again. He just had to stop thinking about that name so that his head would stop hurting.
Tony just rolled his eyes. "I'm just glad he's with me right now. I've been spending less time as Iron Man, 'sending him off on missions' so that no one's worried about him... because Steve might realize that he likes Iron Man more than me, just like every other person in the world."
“Always,” Steve whispered. “I would do anything for my team, but especially for you, Tony. I’ve made a lot of mistakes, and I know we’ve talked about some of them, but… I’m just glad I’ll have a chance to make up for them now.”
“I didn’t want to hurt anyone… and I was having trouble keeping control, so I thought it would be better… plus something was telling me to go there—I tracked the witch down, but… she couldn’t help me,” Tony admitted, and Steve was just glad that he didn’t try to pull away. “If I couldn’t recognize you guys and attacked you again… I thought if I found the witch I could make her turn me back, but… but I couldn’t.”
to be around Bucky too much, he didn't—what if Steve changed his mind? He was already terrified for the moment that Steve realized that he wasn't good enough and he'd rather be with someone better... like
"What he means to say," Tony said, stepping in, "is that the Winter Soldier is an Avenger, and if you attack any of the Avengers again you will be escorted by a government agency to jail, where you'll be kept for shooting at another human and also for shooting at an agent of the law. Do I make myself clear?"
"You have found him... many times," Steve pointed out. "But he hasn't come back. But that doesn't matter right now. Please. Can I take you out to dinner tonight? We haven't done that in a while."
It was enough for Steve to be able to tell that he was having a nightmare. Gently turning his boyfriend around so that he was facing him, he saw the subtle twitches in Tony's face, which normally looked so peaceful when he was sleep. But now—he looked terrified. A small whimper escaped Tony when Steve carefully placed a hand on his shoulder. It broke his heart.
When Steve got to their bedroom, he wasn't surprised to find that Tony was already in bed. Now, he was easily able to tell that his boyfriend wasn't asleep just due to the pattern of his breathing as he wandered over, and the fact that Tony snored lightly as he slept.
“What do you know?” Tony muttered, pressing his face further into the chair. “It’s not like you have a better solution.”
"If I could take it all away from you, I would," Steve whispered, holding his lover close. "But I can't."
While Tony still seemed cautious, Steve caught the glimmer of hope in his eyes as he leaned back down to hug Steve tightly again.
Tony didn't reply, which Steve would've found concerning if he hadn't been so exhausted. So instead of worrying, he tightened his grip on his boyfriend and fell asleep with Tony in his arms.
. His opinion on the man changed after meeting him and spending some time with him. He could see the way that Tony intrigued Steve, the way that the man made him feel safe and grounded in a way that other people hadn't been able to accomplish.
"Something else we have in common," Bucky said, heading over towards the elevator. "Don't stay up too late you two—I wouldn't want that beautiful car to get messed up if you're too tired to fix it correctly."
“He can,” Tony said, because if he stopped believing that, then he would be completely hopeless. “I know he can. He can hear us, and eventually he’s gonna… wake up.”
Ah, Bucky. Tony couldn't decide who got it worse—Bucky or Bruce. They were on opposite sides of the spectrum, and Tony was just glad that he wasn't stuck as an ogre, or as... a faerie. Obviously, he was very angry about it, which Tony could understand he knew that Bucky just wanted to find Clint as soon as possible so that they could get
"I know," he said, though there was no way that Steve wasn't able to tell that he was lying. He could always see right through Tony's lies, and while he gave him a look, Tony just glanced away. Steve sighed and took ahold of his hand.
"Sorry," Bruce murmured, concentrating. "But this is going to hurt. We didn't think you were ever going to come back to the tower. What changed your mind?"
"Steve, I know where they're keeping him," Tony called, rocketing over to his boyfriend. He blasted the Hydra agents that were around the super-soldier before grabbing him and pulling him close. "Hold on, we're going after him."
. You guys still let me be an Avenger," he pointed out. Steve really liked how good of friends Tony and Bucky had become. At first, he'd been a little worried, but the two had gotten close pretty fast. So when Bucky had such a serious look on his face, he knew that it would be impossible for Tony to ignore.
"You already said that," Steve chuckled. He had no clue how the super-soldier was able to stay so optimistic about this, but in a way he was glad because it was strangely calming to see Steve so calm and light-hearted about the situation. "I already talked with the team about what happened, and about how they shouldn't be acting like anything is different. I know this might be a little uncomfortable for a few days, but I can assure you—nothing's going to change, Tony."
“But then you brought the adoptions papers home, and… and I really thought that we were going to start a family in a different way,” Tony said, gripping Steve’s hand tightly. “We were going to share our love with kids who… who weren’t able to have loving families already. But now… I can’t do that without you, Steve. I’m not going to give up on you, ever, but…
“Thank you, but if he might be in the forest—I need to go find him,” Steve said, watching as fear flashed across the woman’s face.
“It’s not doing anything anymore, it was just… just a moment,” Clint said. He looked worried, like it was his fault that it had happened just because he happened to be the one with Steve at the time.
It had been a long and exhausting day at work, what with having to deal with so many government agents and generals and everyone else who had an idea of what he should or shouldn’t be allowed to do while donning his Captain America suit, but even after everything that he’d been through, he’d do it again just to be able to home to someone so wonderful.
"Come on, what's wrong?" Steve asked, and he actually sounded very worried. Great, that was the last thing that he wanted. "I know I've been gone a lot. I promise, I'll stay here more. You'll see."
When he came to, gasping for breath, Steve rolled over. Panic ran cold through his veins when he realized that Iron Man had turned them so that Steve would be spared from the worst of the impact. Scrambling off of the suit, he started to freak out a little.
before—the closest he’d come to it was when Steve had been injured real badly and had to stay in the medical wing for a week. It had been really bad, and Bucky understood his concern then, but…
. Now when he did it, it was just because he loved Tony and just loved holding him. He'd always loved holding him, but it had taken until now for him to realize that he needed to back off a little.
The words that were coming out of his mouth were just recited whispers, nothing that Steve could say with any more certainty than
“I wish that I’d gotten chance to ask you out before all of this happened,” Steve said, gripping Tony’s hand. “I know that you’re still confused and unsure about this, but I need you to know that there’s one thing that’s for sure: the team will always be here for you, and
“Not this again,” Tony growled, rolling over so that he could once more come face to face with the super concerned face of Steve Rogers. “What do you want this time?”
"You never got to tell me what the latest thing you were working on was," Steve said, leading him over towards the elevator to the lab. How in the world did he get lucky enough to have such an incredible husband?
"No, I'm just..." Steve sighed. "I was thinking about the serum... If I didn't have it, I never would've met you, we never would've created the Avengers, my whole life would've been different. It probably would've been
“It’s okay,” Tony tried saying. Why didn’t he check the date? This whole thing… all of those negative thoughts… if only he’d checked the date…
“Good point,” Clint said. “So, besides the whole not breathing thing, you’re feeling ready for this?”
“Congratulations! Fuck, we really messed that up, didn’t we? I should’ve known that you wouldn’t joke around with something like that this morning, but I just thought—this is great news though! It’s about time—I always knew that the two of you would get married one day,” Clint said, patting Tony’s back.
,” Tony whispered. It was more than perfect. He’d never been so happy—he’d never been so truly in love.
Only... Steve's eyes were wide, and he looked absolutely terrified about the portal that was swirling just a few feet in front of them. Tony could only hear him for a split second as he shouted his name, the instant before the portal started pulling them both towards it with a lot more force than he'd been expecting.
“Peggy, I was thinking about maybe making a blueberry pie for dessert tonight,” Steve said when they finally got some peace—Mary was helping Susan learn how to draw better, and Michael was playing with some of his toy cars.
"One would think you might eventually listen," Bruce muttered, but he did look relieved to see Tony sitting there with them.
Tony didn't fight him when Steve pulled the shorter man into a hug, rubbing his back. He didn't flinch away, he didn't try to leave, and for that, Steve was thankful. He needed Tony to understand that not only was he a valuable member of the team, he was also a good person, and was well-loved by everyone who actually know him.
Steve wasn’t completely sure where her powers came from, but she’d threatened the team and she’d ‘cursed’ Tony. No one had actually believed her until…
marrying. And now? Now a new energy and excitement ran through his veins, one that he wanted to share with his team, his family.
Whoever Steve was talking to must've stepped aside because Tony just pressed his face to Steve's chest as his husband carried him off to bed.
been forced to try and kill the Avengers, back when Loki had taken control of his mind. It had taken a while to befriend him because of that. Watching Clint go from depressed to overjoyed and energetic and the wonderful teammate he was today had been
wanted to ask about Tony. But he couldn’t figure out who they were or why he wanted to know so badly. He couldn’t place the names or the faces or anything.
"Have you been drinking coffee?" Tony couldn't help but ask as the whole team followed after them. There was a mutual excitement coming from everyone, and Tony couldn't deny that he was ready to be young again. "Because you've never acted like this when drinking tea."
“It wasn’t your fault,” Tony whispered, putting his hands on either side of Steve’s face. He pulled Steve’s attention back over to him. The super-soldier was surprised. “I’d never blame you for being stuck in that simulation, Steve,
Steve rolled his eyes, though he couldn't help but picture that version of the man he loved in his head. He froze, looking up from the picture that he was drawing, when Stark grabbed his arm. "Hmm?"
The man with the sword took something from another guy—it looked like some sort of herbal mixture—before he threw it at the werewolf. When he did that, Steve tried shoving past some more people, but no one wanted to move.
“How ‘bout we call them in a few hours, after we’ve actually managed to get some sleep? We’ll let them know that we’re
to. There was a desire, sharp and unknown yet still familiar. He needed Tony and he hadn’t seen him in so long.
“I’m not asking you,” Steve growled, glaring at the man he once hated more than anyone else. Now Skull had become almost like a memory after everything he’d faced in this new world, so far beyond what he’d initially signed up for. “This is between me and the stones.”
"Tony... no. Don't," Steve said, taking both of Tony's hands in his own. The brunet looked up at him with confused eyes and a slight frown on his face. "Please, just... don't think about that right now. I haven't been spending enough time with you, and I get that. I'm sorry. So please, can we go do something—"
"He's been anxious a lot, and really worried about you," Tony muttered, putting the finishing touches on Bucky's arm before he patted his shoulder and stepped back. "You've been making
"When Steve's stressed he kills all of the punching bags in the gym... unless he's already killed them. Then he just practices alone," Tony pointed out. "That's not 'in bed' either."
of times—Jarvis too! It's perfect, it's going to work, and you two will be back to normal before you know it."
Steve didn’t shed one single tear at the funeral. Most of the team thought that he was still in shock over what had happened. It was a good alibi, which meant that Steve didn’t have to explain a thing to them. He didn’t have to voice
"Whoa, calm down," Stark said, holding up his hands. "You've got me and Banner on your team, it won't be long before they find out how to start up the portal again. Give them some time. I don't know if we'll be able to send you back to your universe or not if we try, so we might as well wait to see if they're able to come for you or not. You're an alternate-Cap, you're always welcome here, even if your team is a bit weird."
"Tony Stark is an arrogant, annoying, good-for-nothing, alcoholic, narcissistic, egotistical playboy who's created hundreds of thousands of weapons that have killed even more people," Tony growled, pressing his face against Rogers' chest. "No one would've ever looked up to Iron Man if they knew how broken he was... So I told everyone that Iron Man was my bodyguard."
blue, green and purple finished, filling Steve’s vision with their respective hues until every color swirled together into a blinding, painful
going a little easy on you," Steve chuckled, keeping him standing. He handed him a towel, which Tony used to wipe his face clean. Yuck, so much for working in the lab after. He might just need to go get a...
"Still in one piece," Steve groaned, rubbing his head. He was still alive, but that didn't mean that he wasn't in pain.
“Steve.” The sound of Bucky’s voice made him turn around, surprised. He looked around and couldn’t hide his joy upon seeing his team was there in the room.
that,” Tony pointed out, giving her a quick hug before he let Steve and Bruce drag him off to the medical room.
"I thought you said that you were dating the Tony Stark of your world," Stark said, returning to the room once his armor was gone.
Tony had to take a deep breath to hold back the sob that wanted to escape. His eyes wandered back over to the still form lying in the bed. Every one of the machines was hooked up to him, including the one damn thing that was poisoning his mind. He hadn’t moved in four days now. At least, four days since they’d brought him back to the tower, but… no one knew how long it had truly been since he’d even opened his eyes.
, they shouldn't be flirting with you," Steve pointed out. "I thought the ring would be a permanent enough sign that you're taken, forever. But no, it takes me glaring at them until they leave because you
"And what about you?" Steve asked, frowning. "You're always around it—what if something happened to you while you were working on it?"
It was strange saying that he got used to the new routine. It was mostly the same—breakfast in the morning with whoever happened to be awake at the time, some time in the lab, usually with Steve, sometimes with other Avengers, out to lunch with Steve and then some time out enjoying the day without anyone recognizing them, then back to the tower for dinner (or out with Steve, but they mostly had dinner with the team) and then typically either more lab time with Steve or hanging out with the team. It was rather easy to get used to—mornings or evenings in the lab were typically spent with Bruce, trying to figure out a way to reverse it, but Bruce was constantly worried that Tony might be affected by it again so he usually ended up kicking Tony out of his lab.
Bucky replied. Tony smirked a little at how grumpy he sounded, though he could imagine the look on his face. He always got this
He raised an eyebrow at the super-soldier and gestured for him to come in. There was a nervous, half-smile on Bucky’s face.
After all, trusting anyone and anything was difficult when the shapeshifters could look like anyone.
It had been thirteen days and counting since his abduction. If you asked him a few years ago, Tony would’ve thought anyone who believed in aliens was completely insane and just spouting off nonsense. But then Loki from
When Tony got sucked into the portal, Steve didn't even have to think twice before diving in after him. There was no way that he was going to let anything happen to his boyfriend, not if he could help it. The issue was that, upon throwing himself towards the swirling mass of lights, he didn't end up finding Tony. No, instead he found himself falling down, down, down through the air, able to see nothing more than blue as the water of what he guessed was the ocean rushed up to hit him right in the face.
"I'm going to have to thank him more once he's actually awake," Steve said. He was grinning, and when Tony's eyes met his, he seemed to understand what the genius was thinking. But they couldn't ditch their friends, not right away.
Tony, still tangled in the chains, looked up at the man in the middle of the crowd. He was now pointing the sword at Tony. It glistened in the light of the setting sun.
"Iron Man mentioned we had a visitor," this world's Captain America said as he walked up. He looked Steve up and down, probably noticing his stress. "Never been to another universe before?"
“Making a mistake? What, by letting you have the darker suit?” Clint joked. “Or by letting you walk down the aisle first? Tony, he’s not making a mistake.”
shocked that you’d even consider making me new types of arrows, and we had a long discussion about the fact that… that I didn’t think that I was good enough to be on a team like the Avengers, because all of you are just so…
"Not that I don't appreciate this, because I do, more than you'd believe, but I really do think it's time for you to get some sleep, Bruce," Tony said calmly, trying to lead out of the lab and over towards his bedroom.
The blond in front of him smiled, though he looked cautious. "How are you feeling, Tony? You took quite a fall there."
of being—but he’s so much more than his intelligence. I've heard about where he has been, and where he's gone... I can't deny that there wasn't an initial attraction," Steve chuckled, glancing out across the glittering golden ocean. "Because there was. He's just... he's nothing like I expected him to be. I knew his father, back in the day, and... I guess I expected him to be like Howard."
“Where’s Tony? He’ll know what’s going on,” Steve said, gripping his head when another severe wave of pain hit him hard.
say that you can stay," Steve said. It was a bit surprising, but he was really glad about it. "He was interested in fixing up your arm, which surprised me, but... Maybe you can try to make friends with him? Please?"
,” Bruce said, though his face matched the guilty looks of all the other Avengers. “April Fools Day? I thought you were joking.”
When that golden blast had hit them, it didn't send them through time. Tony almost wished that it had. Instead, it had some rather...
Normally, Steve would go for a run in the early morning. It cleared his head, got his blood flowing, and by the time he got back, he was able to see Tony in the kitchen, half-asleep, trying to get a cup of coffee so that he might be able to wake up a little. Sometimes Steve wanted to hide the coffee, just to be able to see that adorably cute half-asleep face of his for longer, but he knew that he couldn’t do that to his lover.
For the first two days Tony had been holed up in the lab, trying to figure out exactly how he was able to help. When he and Bruce came to the same conclusion that they’d been told—if you disconnect the machine from him now, it’ll severely injure his brain to the point where he won’t be anything more than a vegetable, without even a thought, but at least now he’s still
could do, which meant that getting mad at Bruce… It wasn’t fair. Tony sighed, but there wasn’t anything that he could say to his friend right now. Luckily, he seemed to understand.
Clint defended, though Tony knew that was a lie. Clint had trouble asking for things if it meant making himself happy. He was always trying to make
“Of course,” Steve said, leading him into the spaceship. The moment he was inside, Bucky shut the doors behind them and stayed guard there. Steve and Bruce tried to lead Tony over to what he guessed was the medical center of the spaceship, but he wasn’t about to go.
“He barely let us get you onto the jet to get you back to the tower… he’s really protective of you right now,” Bucky said. He looked unsure as he added, “He said that there wasn’t a cure, Steve.”
Of course, he really shouldn't have been surprised to find that, when he collapsed down to the ground and the men tried to grab him, they didn't get very far. In fact, the man who had tried to grab him originally fell down to the ground beside him, face bloody.
"Now I understand why you would always check up on me so much..." Tony mumbled, grinning as the suit opened. "And here I thought it was just because I was being reckless in the lab so often."
“Tony who?” Peggy asked, though there was a look of concern on her face. There was something that she wasn’t telling him.
When the box opened, the beast inside was already all chained up, and several strong men held onto each of the chains that held the beast down. They dragged it out of the box, growling and snarling and fighting back as much as it could—which wasn’t much.
anyone—what if he forgot about their relationship? What if he had to get Bucky to fall in love with him all over again? He wasn't even sure if Bucky
Steve watched as Tony placed the tesseract into a briefcase that was the mirror image to the one Steve now held in his hand. He wasn’t sure if he could interfere with what was going on, if he might change anything by just having his teammate see him now.
The thought of losing his entire family made the tears fall freely from his eyes, blurring his vision. He was breathing hard, trying to figure out where he was.
Panic started rising, and Tony wished that he'd revealed himself to the world so that he could've brought a suit with him so that he could fight his way out. But he couldn't do that, he knew he couldn't do that...
“Caught you,” Steve whispered,  one strong hand pinning both of Tony’s wrists above his head. Tony’s heart stuttered at the slow smile that formed on Steve’s face. He could feel the warm  press of the larger man’s body against his own. From thigh to chest they were pressed against each other, Steve's larger form caging Tony beneath him. A heated flush stole up his neck and spread across his cheeks. He felt small and helpless beneath Steve, certain the Alpha could have pinned him in place with only those thickly lashed piercing eyes. The surprising thing? He didn’t seem to mind. What was with these hormones? Tony swallowed thickly.
Tony paused in his mangling of the cucumber. He set the knife down, out of reach of the super spy, and turned to regard her levelly.
Was it hot in here? Tony resisted the urge to pull at his collar as a wave of heat wracked his body. Nerves. He was nervous. If Steve was anything like Howard, Tony’s life from here on out was going to be hell. He barely concealed his flinch at the thought. At least Howard didn't have super soldier strength, Tony mused bitterly. If Steve were to beat him even lightly it might just land him in the hospital. Not that Tony necessarily thought he would, he gave Rogers and assessing glance, but the fact of the matter was that Tony recognized that he could be...well, Tony. Pushing buttons was just kinda what he did. Sometimes his mouth got away from him before his brain could catch up, and well, hell, it kept the boredom at bay. Something told him that it would be a bad idea to push any of Steve’s buttons though, at least until he warmed up to Tony.
Tony was finding his place within this pack, within this eclectic group of people, and for once he wasn't filled with dread at the prospect.
“Sure whatever, the Rooster pecked the shit out of my face and hands. Little ankle biters chased me all the way to the front porch. And you let me go out there with a ‘some of the wildlife can be aggressive’. Yeah, no shit.”
Steve’s shrug was noncommittal, despite the small smirk working at the corner of his lips, and the dimple winking in his cheek.
He had all but single handedly taken over the R/D department at Stark Industries and stunned the world and delighted the United States Military with his tech. Tech that might have had his name on it, but none of the credit was given to him. Perhaps that was what had rankled most. It was his genius that was keeping Stark Industries from failing, from going under. It was his tech that was wowing the world and winning contracts with the government. And yet the only accolades he was given was People’s most handsome man of the year award (two years running, thank you very much).
Tony.” He sputtered, spitting the chicken casserole from hell into his napkin. Down the table Steve arched an eyebrow, shoulders swiveling towards Rhodes as he gamely tried to chew through the hardened piece of chicken in his mouth. Tony had to hand it to him, the man tried every terrible dish he made. Never complained and always thanked him for the meal. Tony wasn’t sure how that should make him feel. Happy? Bad?
“Dr. Banner, your work on antielectron collisions is unparalleled and I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.”
Steve paused as he rounded the bend in the trail. His body was rigid, primed, his blue eyes sharp and cutting as they took in Tony and the flock. Steve tapped a com unit in his ear. “Found him, meet me back at the packhouse.” Some unnamed emotion wrinkled his brow, his lips parted, but before he could say anything Tony held up a placating hand.
A soft knock on the doorframe caught Tony’s attention. Steve was leaning there, amusement glittering in his eyes. “You got everything under control here?”
Concerned, Steve stepped forward. He must have made some sort of noise because Tony shot him a look over his shoulder.
When they clambered to their feet it was to see Clint getting a sharp elbow into the ribs by Natasha, who was glowering down at him.
Steve’s lips parted as if he wanted to say something, then with a gruff shake of his head he turned, beckoning Tony to follow him.
He had sneered, chuckling with his friends as he left the lower classmen to try and pick up the mess he had created. It had been cruel. Tony had felt justified.
Tony and kids were already running, laughing tears streaming down their cheeks at the look of shock that had been plastered across every one of the groups face. That is, except for Natasha and Bruce. For some reason Nat had this sixth sense for when a prank was headed her way and Bruce was no fool. If Nat was walking away he was dodging her heels. Mock roars filled the air behind them as the rest of the pack gave chase. For a few blissful moments it was Tony and the little agents sprinting across the open field heading toward the pack house. The sun was warm and bright overhead, the day beautiful, and the sound of breathless laughter filled his ears - some of it his own - as they tried to outrun the rest of the pack.  A squeal from behind him told him that little Lila had been captured. A glance over his shoulder showed a red and gold bedecked Bucky tossing the little hellion up into the air and catching her in sure hands.
They worked together quietly setting up the rocket, trying hard to stifle the grins that were spreading across their face. Within record timing they had the rocket set up and backed off a safe distance.
Tony’s eyes narrowed his jaw clenching. Nothing got under his skin faster than the mention of his father. Yeah, Dear ol’ Dad was just so perfect, and he had a collection of scars to prove it.“I think I’d just cut the wire.” his voice came out soft, serious, and tight.
That was awful. Truly awful. Steve frowned down at the plate and the coffee and sighed. Maybe he needed to look into buying cereal. You can’t burn cereal. He could only imagine what lunch was going to be like.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I know what broken ribs feel like, these are bruised. Couple ibuprofen and some water and I will be right as rain. No sweat, Doc.”
An awkward silence filled the kitchen, before Bruce cleared his throat. Steve was looking anywhere but at him. Both Clint and Natasha were staring at him as if he were a pet that had just peed on the carpet. Bucky chose that moment to walk into the kitchen with a ‘what did I miss’ expression on his face.
Welcome to Chapter 3! For the record I do not normally update this quickly - so future chapters will have a bit of a longer wait to them! Sorry!
“You want me to consider you as an Omega for my pack?” Steve leaned forward to whisper into his ear, his breath hot against Tony's neck.
“Yeah, had a tough time getting through those oranges. The juice is a little chunky but…” Tony gave a helpless shrug.
“You’re kidding me. How are you hiding that from them? Why are you hiding that from them? It’s one of your greatest assets, Tony. Also one of the most infuriating things about you. Okay, you know what, I can see it now.”
And yet… Steve lightly drummed his fingers against his lips, brow furrowed in concentration. There was something different about Stark. Definitely less hostile and volatile then he remembered. There was a certain...vulnerability to him now. Steve had never been a fan of bullies, especially ones that picked on the weak. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He didn't like that this thing with Stark was turning him into someone he wouldn't be able to respect. He had to lay down boundaries for Tony. Had to make sure that by bringing him into his pack, Tony wouldn't ruin their good reputation as he did to his father’s pack. But, he promised himself, he would try to be fair. Stern but fair. He would try to do better, because for better or worse, Tony was his mate now and he was stuck with the little shit for the foreseeable future.
“F-fuck.” He wheezed, jaw clenched and head tilted back slowly to stare up at the sky. He gave himself a minute to just feel the burn, the pulsating pain, before he tried to move.
Shaking a little, and trying to hide it, Tony turned and headed toward the refrigerator, his steps awkward and heavy.
The only plus to this was the sheer shock that flitted across Steven Rogers’ face. A hush fell over the ballroom as people slowly began to turn and look at the scene unfolding in front of them. He could see Rogers’ cheeks begin to pinken as the stares of hundreds of eyes found them, their curiosity piqued. Tony was used to being stared at. He was used to the cutting whispers and twitters, the looks both long and fleeting. This was the world he had been raised in, and while he didn't much care for it, it no longer bothered him. Nothing did.
But clearly it had occurred to Stark. He was just going to let him…? Well of course he was. For all his bluster, at the end of the day, Stark was an Omega. And although they had more rights and privileges and had made great strides since the 50s… they were still so very vulnerable. Steve guessed he had never realized it before. Never really had to face it. But staring down at Tony’s bent head, tense shoulders, and the almost imperceptible trembling of his fingers, Steve was being forced to face it. And what he saw he didn't like it.
Blue eyes narrowed in concern on Tony’s dirt streaked face. “Aside from your ankle, are you hurt anywhere else?”
“I’ll be in the gym if you’d like to join me later! Wanna stay in shape to keep ahead of those chickens!” Steve called up after the irate Tony.
“Hold still,” he commanded in that Alpha growl. It was guttural, dark, and instinctual. He doubted Steve realized he was using it. Still, it made Tony freeze and flush. He sat quietly while Steve cleaned up his face, bandaging the small scrapes. Tony let out a sigh of relief when the clatter of the rest of the crew came through the house.
“Cooking for Dummies, Sourpatch. He just assumed I couldn’t cook. You know how I hate to disappoint.”
Tony made his way toward Rogers, his hand fisting almost spasmodically on his duffel. He didn't know why he was stupid nervous, on the verge of a panic attack, but he’d be damned if he ever let Rogers see that he was intimidated as hell and completely out of his element.  He knew that Rogers had expectations, just as he knew that those expectations would eventually be met with disappointment. Tony just wasn't the type. He never had been. His stomach knotted and clenched. Taking a fortifying breath Tony followed Steve up the steps of the front porch and across the threshold of the cabin. Into his new life. If he felt the walls around his heart harden a bit, well, it couldn't be helped.
It was clear to Tony that Steve had offered the second option more as an insult than anything else. Steve didn't think that Tony was capable of apologizing. And a month ago he would have been right. But now? Now Tony was literally living on this man’s mercy. All he had to do was keep his head down, not make waves, and in a couple of years or less if Pepper had anything to say about it,  the Omega Rights Activists would overturn those laws that kept him bound here. He could get a divorce, leave Steve and the Avengers, and start over somewhere new. Even if he lost his entire fortune it wouldn't matter. He could make it back eventually. He was smart. He didn't need a lot. What he needed to do was shut his damn mouth, play the long game no matter how much it rankled. It would only be a couple of years. He could survive anything that long. Hell, he had survived his entire childhood, right? Anything else would be a walk in the park compared to that.
Was that it? Was Tony so abhorrent to him? Or the act itself? Perhaps, Tony mused with a self deprecating laugh, it was a mixture of both. Now he was wondering if he should take Rogers at face value and trust that he meant what he said. That there would be no corporal punishment, no rape.
“You’re welcome. I’m going to go get a start on the rest of the list. Maybe take a shower first if that’s alright?”
“Yes, Alpha. As you wish, Alpha.” Tony’s voice was a practiced warm honey. Silky even with the slight twang of nerves that leaked out despite his best efforts. He had tried to force the words out sarcastically. That was not how they came out. Keeping his eyes down and averted like a good little Omega was a struggle that Tony didn't relish. There was nothing more that he would like to do than to look at Rogers’ face and see if his gambit paid off.
Tony had been content to sit the game out, knowing from the beginning and real world experience how it was going to play out.
Sitting up, slowly and gingerly, Tony groaned at the bruised feeling in his ribs. A cold sweat broke out on his forehead as old memories assaulted him. He shook his head. He wasn’t in Afghanistan anymore. His ribs were likely bruised, not broken, and it was a tree and his own sloppy footing that had done him in, not a captor’s boot or fists. Pushing away the panic attack, Tony gathered his strength. He couldn't stay in the woods all night like a little damsel in distress waiting to be rescued. He could only imagine Steve’s reaction at having to come and find him. What other amenities could be taken away from him? Maybe he’d be locked in the attic. His chest constricted at the thought.
“Heard, Alpha.” Tony gave a charming smile to the brooding Alpha who was staring at him with narrowed eyes. At least his gaze didn't seem to be hostile but more...measuring. Either way, though, Tony wasn't a fan. His stomach was clenching, squirming really, beneath that stare. Steve couldn't possibly know that Howard Stark had done that exact same thing to him when he’d been 17 years old. For more than 8 months Tony had been cooped up in the attic at his family home. To be fair, the Stark mansion was large, and the attic had been expansive. But to be without company, sunlight, or even work or school to distract him… Tony shuddered. He hated to be confined. Fucking hated it. And then the whole debacle in Afghanistan and the cave… Yeah, suffice to say Tony did not do well with small, confined, spaces of any kind.
The board had prepared a ball. Everyone on that list would be in attendance. Perhaps with the intent to woo the infamous Tony Stark. Perhaps to gloat at the position the once powerful Omega now found himself in. In any case, Tony had eyes for only one person.
Being a super soldier came with its advantages. So that softly muttered expletive still reached Steve’s ears and made the back of his neck go hot and stiff with a strange mixture of satisfaction and shame. Gritting his teeth he walked toward the office, or as Tony had aptly dubbed it, the war room. He was struggling with coming to terms with the unexpected turn his life had recently taken.
you Tony.” Steve’s horrified whisper rattled around in his ears. His jaw hurt from clenching it so hard. His heart was pounding in his chest as if trying to break out and burst free. Tony took a deep breath, eyed the belt on the floor dubiously, before flickering back up to strong Alpha who was towering over him.
Tony groaned, driving his fingers into his hair, tugging at the short strands in frustration. “Did you not hear a word I just said Rogers? This isn't about me or what I want. If it was, I wouldn't be standing in front of you. This.” he said, taking a bold step into Steven Rogers’ personal space “is about doing the right. Fucking. Thing. This is about innocent lives being lost if we make the wrong choice.”
Steve had said that, hadn't he? He needed to get back, the sooner the better. Maybe no one would notice dinner was late. Maybe they would be thankful...his dinners
Doubt prickled at the back of his mind. Rogers wasn't the sort to play mind games. The man was usually calm and collected, steady under pressure, and his temper was generally slow to ignite. But when a spark landed on that tinder, it burned bright and hot and absolutely smoldered. It was possible that the Captain was being honest when he said he had no intention of beating him. No intention of eliciting sexual favors from Tony. It was entirely possible that his temper got away with him, it wasn’t as if Tony acted like a typical Omega all the time either. It could confuse boundaries, blur lines. A ruddy blush burned its way up his neck and to his cheeks. He had crawled on the floor, the perfect submissive omega, had put his hands on Steve’s dick and had been this close to wrapping his lips around it. Not many men would have stopped Tony from completing that service. To have your enemy’s lips wrapped around your dick, at your complete mercy? To be able to humiliate them that way? Steve had seemed shocked, disgusted…
I'm sorry that it took so long for me to update. I'd like to say that I am going back to updating regularly but I'm not sure that's the case. I feel rusty, and I'm not a huge fan of the way this chapter came together. But I just couldn't SIT on it anymore. So sorry about the delay and probably future delay. :(
“Ex-nay on the enius-jay.” Tony hissed, as the group of Avengers, all dressed in their civies, began to fan out and walk toward the barn. Tony threw a smile and a friendly wave in their direction - in a nothing to see here folks, move along - sort of fashion.
And then he had to pack. Rogers had been pretty clear that Tony’s lavish lifestyle was going to come to an end. The man hadn't outright said it during their negotiations, but it was there in the stern line of his jaw and the flash of disapproval in his eyes whenever they spoke of Tony’s assets. So Tony packed simply. He brought only a few pairs of jeans, his favorite band shirts, socks and boxers, and the penlight multi-tool that Pep had given him for his birthday the first year as his assistant. And of course, Jarvis. Well, sort of. It was a watch that his father had given him for his 8th birthday. Tony had, of course, reconfigured it to suit his needs. He would be able to communicate with Jarvis through the watch, not to mention that it also acted as a homing beacon - just in case.
Steve laughed. "It's been too long since we've had Team Dinner at a restaurant. That sounds like a good plan."
“I know that Bruce doesn’t think you can hear a word I say, but that doesn’t mean that I’m not going to continue to try and see if you can… can maybe hear me,” Tony said. This time, instead of taking up residence in the chair that was far away from the bed, Tony had dragged it over so that he could hold Steve’s hand again.
"Tony?" Steve whispered. There was no way that Tony was Iron Man. He'd said that Iron Man was his bodyguard. He was supposed to stay out of trouble. Steve thought that he was safe, every time the Avengers went out into battle. He thought that Tony would always be fine when he got back every day.
Smiling to himself, Steve knew that he wouldn't get a chance to ask for a while. He wanted to see Tony as happy as possible for as long as possible before he had to bring up something dark in Tony's past that caused him to feel like he wasn't worth anything, that he wasn't worth being a hero.
“Peggy?” he spoke up before he could stop himself. “W-where’s Bucky? He hasn’t been around since I’ve gotten back, but… he was… a few weeks ago, he was…”
He grinned and stepped forward, waiting to see if it would stabilize or fail and suck them all into another dimension. After a few seconds, it seemed to stabilize, as a shape appeared.
"We'll tell you next time," Steve replied. "We weren't thinking about it, we were just enjoying the day."
," Clint gasped, rolling his eyes. "I swear, Fury doesn't ever want us to leave." He looked back and forth between the two. "Did we just interrupt something?"
"I knew you were real, there's no way Hydra could've made you up," Bucky whispered, pulling back away from him long enough to press his lips to Tony's. While he was still in a bit of shock—Bucky really
“We’ll deal with that—you’re recognizing us, and maybe… maybe the other cursed people will be able to start to remember, too,” Steve said, though there was a pain inside at the thought of it. How many people had died because of those peoples’ ignorance?
He could see the blue of Steve's cowl, the blue of Steve's eyes. He just had to focus on that blue instead of the brilliant fire raging all around them.
He didn't even answer. Putting his hands on Steve's... hips, perhaps, Tony stood on his toes as Steve leaned down to kiss him. True love's kiss. Who would've guessed? Certainly not Tony, who was still kissing Steve when he realized that they were back in the tower.
, Bucky had a point. Steve was a reckless idiot, but God did he love that reckless idiot. “But Steve’s—”
“I’ve never liked wearing ties,” Tony admitted bitterly, though he was glad that Bruce had finally gotten it on straight. “Too much around my neck, I can already barely breathe.”
Bruce had explained it all to him. The machine that had been attached to his head was keeping him trapped in what the doctor had called a ‘virtual simulation.’ It wasn’t real, it was just something that was keeping him trapped and unconscious. The man who’d done it was trying to get rid of him, but in a humane way—he wasn’t going to
“Clint said you won’t come home until you know that I’m me and not an alien,” he said. “So I’ve gotta come up with something that only the two of us know.” Bucky gestured off to the side for a second, and Steve raised an eyebrow at him.
, then there's a chance that you might kill yourself trying to fix it," Tony said, not missing the way Bucky smirked.
Next down the aisle were Bucky and Clint, arm in arm, and Tony knew that eventually there would be another wedding, though he was unsure which set of friends would get engaged first. It was great to be able to send his teammates in pairs down the aisle with their dates. Clint hugged him tightly while Bucky patted his back, then the two stood off to the side, leaving a place for Steve to stand.
"I'm sure he saw the news," Iron Man pointed out. "And Avengers messages sent to me get passed on to him, as I
Tony was a little surprised by the caring smile that stayed on Clint's face. The archer looked over at him. "Next time, we'll build a robot that keeps us from doing dumb things while we're drunk. I'll get Jarvis to remind me not to dare you to build dangerous things while we're drinking."
He knew that he was supposed to be 'worrying less' and all, but Tony wasn't able to stop worrying until the battle was over and all four Avengers were heading back to the tower, no worse for wear. In fact, because it hadn't been
The Skrulls had been lying to everyone—to him, telling him that his team hadn’t even figured out that he was replaced, to his team, telling them that he was already dead.
"He's so adorable when he's gone all "mad scientist" on us," Tony chuckled as he wandered back over and took ahold of his husband's hand. It wasn't as soft as it had been for the past several days, but it was still
"Deal," Steve said, and when the blond flinched a little Tony turned his attention back to the screen. No doubt Steve was seeing all of the things that would've gone differently had the two of them been there. "Maybe we should wait until they get back here first... once I'm sure they're fine,
Something inside told him that it had been longer than a week, but… he believed her. He believed her as much as he loved her.
"He'll be fine," Tony reported, keeping his repulsors powered up just in case any Hydra agents had snuck past the team. He didn't think so, but he wasn't about to take any chances. It wasn't until they'd gotten him back to the ship when Bruce got a chance to look at Bucky. Once he was sure that Bucky would be fine—"You're going to get a thorough examination once we get back, but you seem fine for the ride home"—the brunet found himself sandwiched between Tony and Steve.
He had one shot at not completely ruining his life. He knew that there were at least 6 Alphas on the list that would use their right as his mate to strip him of his money and work. He'd find himself being put in charge (maybe) of the household and his only purpose in life would be to pop out little Alpha babies. But there was one name on that list that the board had put on there probably as a cruel joke. One name, one shot, of not having his company turned over to a minion of the board. One man who would never let Stark tech fall into the wrong hands. Captain Steven Rogers aka Captain America. There was just one problem.
Clint had been surprised to hear the deep belly laugh coming from the upstairs bathroom. He had anticipated a lot of things from the former tech mogul, but genuine amusement had not been one of them. Steve lifted his head from the map the group had been perusing, his head canted to the side as he too heard the laugh that echoed from the upstairs of the house. One brow winged upward in surprise. Apparently the packhouse had not been a happy homestead while they had been gone. Clint wasn't surprised. After everything that he had heard about Tony Stark, Clint felt bad for the Captain. Stark had a bit of a reputation, and a seedy past. The small humiliation of what Clint had just done was nothing compared to what the little shit actually deserved. According to Bucky, Tony Stark had gone out of his way in high school to bully Steve. The thing of it was, no one had ever understood why. Not even Steve. Some people were just rotten to the core. From the sounds of it, Stark was one of them. Did Clint feel bad about pranking an omega? Nope. Not a bit. That little shit deserved it. Had been born with a silver spoon in his privileged little mouth. Clint couldn't wait to rip it out. Welcome to the real world buddy.
Yeah well, he wasn't the only one. Tony certainly hadn't asked for any of this. It wasn't as if he had put Rogers name on his list of potential suitors. But once he had seen it, Tony realized that there was no one better suited to keeping his weapons off the market than the man who was continually sent out to combat them. Rogers had a lot to gain from an alliance with the Stark name. Combating terrorism or threats to national and global security wasn't cheap. The man’s pack was currently funded through the government, and under their purview, but surely the narrow sighted Rogers had the mind to imagine what it would be like to be out from under the government's thumb. Stark Industries stock, and Tony’s own personal fortune, was a great start to independence.
“By golly,  watch your Language!” Tony chided sardonically, gaze so fixated on Rhodey’s horrified face that he didn’t notice the attention of the rest of the avengers swinging their way.
It had been after a home football game. Everyone knew that Rogers liked to take long showers and was often the last one to leave the locker room. Tony had snuck in with a couple of buddies, grabbed all the towels and clothes, and left a poor, sopping wet, Steve Rogers naked and vulnerable in the school locker room. Not that, at that point, Rogers could be considered vulnerable. He had already undergone the serum which had transformed him from a mealy, weak, sickly Alpha into what would become Captain-fucking-America. It was besides the point. Tony’s aim had been to humiliate Rogers, and it had worked. When he came dripping out of the locker room the entire senior class as well as half of the school had been waiting outside. Rogers had grabbed the closest thing, the American flag that hung on the wall outside the locker room, and wrapped it around his hips while everyone laughed and took pictures, making cat calls. The fact that Peggy Carter just happened to be there had only sweetened the deal.
Putting Potts in charge as his acting CEO was probably the best move Tony could have made after he came back from Afghanistan and disbanded weapons manufacturing at SI. After everything that had gone down with Obie (the man who used to sneak him candy as a kid had literally tried to rip his heart out) Tony was finally able to focus on making the world a better place. Of course there was fall out with the press, backlash in the media, SI stock plummeted there for a bit, but Tony had been held back for years from choosing the projects that he thought would be most successful and with Obie out of the picture and Pepper at the helm he was free to work on what he deemed best for the company. For a while it was glorious. Tony could spend days, weeks, down in his workshop with the bots and Jarvis.  He could focus solely on the things he was best at -which certainly had never been toeing the line and rubbing elbows with the upper echelon of society. He had no patience for his peers, no tact in the boardroom, or the endless press meetings that he was called to attend. Let Pepper deal with that shit. He could focus on trying to make the world a better place. Trying to redeem himself for the lives lost through his carelessness and naivety.
“Great. Just in time for dinner.” Tony groaned.  “Tell him to come straight to the barn. Do not fly over the homesteads. The last thing I need is a bunch of Alphas breathing down the back of my neck.”
“Unless you bought him clothes since the thong fiasco, he doesn’t own a pair of sweatpants. Just some jeans and old band shirts. You want me to give him some of your clothes?”
“Awesome. Thanks boss.” He said sardonically. “ Enjoy your breakfast!” And then Tony was gone. Darting out of the kitchen and thundering up the stairs toward the small guest bathroom.
“Not too long,” he demurred, his gaze sweeping over the passed out Rhodes before lighting on Tony. “maybe about half way up the staircase.”
Hey there my favorite readers! Thank you so much for all of your lovely reviews, it means so much to read each and every one of them. I love them and I love that you are still sticking with my story! Sorry that this took so long to get to you. And sorry that I am a lying liar who lies. Rhodey was not in this chapter. <.<   >.> I am no longer making promises for when he will appear (he will! I swear!) I have the best intentions, but then the story kind just veers in this different direction and I get away from myself. And then it becomes too long and if I had added Rhodey's part to this chapter it would have taken even more time for me to post. I also, like usual, apologize for bad grammar and spelling mistakes. I've mostly been writing when I'm exhausted, so I'm sure the chapter is riddled with errors. Thank you for your patience.
to be held back by what Howard did when I was younger..." Tony said, and then seemed to realize what he just said.
, he was nice to me, but... in the beginning, I think it was more of a sense of admiration. Not only is he extremely smart—far smarter than I can ever
"He think Iron Man's just a friend," Tony mumbled, just glad to have the super-soldier's warm, strong arms around him. He was worried about what might've happened to his boyfriend back home, and it would definitely have been his fault if anything happened.
"You're going to stay here and get some rest," Tony said, glad to be pressed up against his lover's chest. Steve was behind Bucky, an arm wrapped around both of them.
Thankfully, the suit wasn’t damaged enough that they couldn’t fly back over to the tower—plus Tony had been working on a rebuilding system that Jarvis controlled, so that was nice. It was based entirely off the super-soldier serum and Steve’s healing capabilities.
The other man’s response had Steve stopping dead in his tracks. He turned his gaze on the man, twin blue flames watching him with a hatred he hadn’t felt in ages. “I don’t need your help
Tony apparently had sent Iron Man on a mission that night, or else he would've been there. Steve believed him—the man really did seem to care about his boss most of the time. Ever since he'd joined the Avengers, he'd been less of Tony's bodyguard and more of an Avenger, but he still did do things whenever Stark needed him to.
“What aren’t you ready for?” Bruce asked, tilting his head to the side. “We’ve double-checked everything with the event planners, everything is exactly the way that you ordered it. Everything’s running on time for once, which is enough of a surprise. We’ve got S.H.I.E.L.D. as backup both here on guard and out there in case anything goes wrong—they’ll handle everything unless the world is about to end and we
. The man deserved so much more. He'd been worried that Captain America would be that perfect man that would drive him crazy, but in the time that he'd gotten to know him as both Tony Stark and Iron Man, he'd learned that not only was he human, but he was also so much better than Tony had ever imagined.
Wait, where was Tony? Steve tried to take deep breaths as he coughed up some more ocean water. He struggled in the armored Avenger's arms, trying to get him to put him down so that he could catch his breath and ask about his boyfriend.
"Of course," Steve said, looking taken aback a little. "I love you, Tony, I'd always try my best to protect you."
“Excuse me, Ma’am,” Steve said as he approached one of the townspeople. He had to dress like a civilian who was just visiting the town—they did get plenty of curious visitors, so it wasn’t uncommon—instead of wearing his superhero suit. “I’m looking for a woman in her late twenties with dark blonde hair and green eyes—I didn’t catch her name. I was told she lived here?”
