“And, so what, it just costs innocent lives?”
Cas doesn’t suddenly appear, of course he doesn’t, and the walls come crashing down completely.
Dean’s gotta admit, though, the way Billy stoically leads them into the woods is pretty damn brave. He kneels in the scrub, sighs through his nose, jerks his head in a little half nod half shake movement.
Sam has a vague idea that Chuck might be off his game, but they don’t exactly have a play-by-play. They still don’t have a plan, they lost the only weapon they’ve ever known could hurt God, and even if they pull a perfect road-map and a new cosmic-grade weapon outta their collective asses they still don’t know where Chuck is holed up.
“Yeah, 13 years ago.” It’s been so long, and most of Dean’s friends never met John. He’s not used to people asking, not sure what he’s expected to say. “But, hey. He was doing what he loved the most; kicking ass and taking names.”
, anyway. Pretending is as close as they’ve ever gotten, and old habits die hard.
, because Alex hates scary movies, Jody and Patience like romance and even Dean has to admit it’s a good flick, if only because he and Sam used to re-enact the sword fighting scenes word for word.
. So I thought- you guys know angels. Maybe, if you put in a good word y’know…
Now he never can.
They could both use the distraction.
Nobody complains.
is boring and your dad is just looking to be entertained! Which means we’re his puppets. All of us. Especially you.”
He’s been in the empty, he tells them.
He basically frog-marches Dean down the hall.
Billie usually has a plan, though. She just isn’t the sharing and caring type.
“Well,” Dean replies, takes a sip of his drink, allows Cas his deflection. “I told God to suck my dick and didn’t get turned to salt, so. Could’a been worse.”
Yeah, they saved some people, sure, great, whatever, but now he can’t trust any of his own thoughts, any of his feelings. The two things he cares most about - family, and helping people - is that really him or was it Chuck?
They take her to their motel room, book the one next door too.
But there’s a catch right now too; they could stop fighting, follow Chucks plan and live until he’s ready for the finale, but it’d be a messy, miserable, lonely life that would end in a messy, miserable, lonely death.
The luck they accidentally killed a guy for isn’t even enough to get Baby back to the diner. And now Sammy’s got himself a case to work, people to save, and never mind that they have bigger fucking fish frying right now.
“No one hands you anything darlin’,” she coos. “I took it.”
“Beach read?” Really? This lady doesn’t know him any better than Chuck does - they both think he’s made up of junk food and cars and rustic little joints like this. And maybe some of him is, but one brush stroke doesn’t make a Picasso and one sentence doesn’t tell a whole story. “Lady, I’m Tolstoy.”
“You go that way,” Dean points. “I’ll go this way. We’ll meet back at the rift, alright? We’ll cover more ground, we’ll better our odds.”
And speaking of waiting for things to happen;
“Doesn’t sound so bad.”
He's got a high tolerance for Dean's particular brand of bullshit, but sounds like Sam's hit his limt. Dean's not interested in the impending intervention.
Well, Dean ain’t playing anymore.
Hi guys, just a heads up that this chapter contains a
It’s not as satisfying as throwing a billiard ball sized marble would have been but it’s still a solid, satisfying hit for all of four seconds before Chuck returns the favour, backhands him to the floor with whatever godly power he has left and it doesn’t vaporize him on the spot but it sure does bruise his freshly healed jaw.
“Try it,” she sneers. “And I’ll tell Death.”
Sam mans the wheel for the last leg, while Dean systematically scratches away at his cards - not a single line, go figure - and Dean is just bitching that Fortuna stiffed them again when they get the most unexpected win of all.
, together in the bunker like they haven’t been lately.
But Cas wasn’t vanished. Cas wasn’t
Dean makes jokes about Sam getting flabby and slow until Sammy takes up his morning jogs again. As much as Dean loathes unnecessary exercise, it seems to calm Sam and they both need a bit of their old routine back.
He doesn’t say that, because there are people sat at either side of them and Lorna is smirking at them across the bar again, and Dean has no idea if Lee is open about that shit or not here. It’s always risky in these Texas backwoods.
She’s rocking a red jumpsuit and flaming fishtail hair, like Scottish Beyonce or something, and her minions lift her gracefully down the last few steps just to top it off. It’s weirdly awe-inspiring, and they all just stare at her for a second.
but what he does hear sounds painfully familiar.
He doesn’t think anyone notices.
“He’s not exactly Shakespeare,” Lilith complains. “I had to listen to his whole, quote,
Lee’s grin slips a little. “Still hunting, huh?”
But a week into fruitless book trawling and he’s painfully aware that there’s a reason he’s not the go-to research guy on the team.
Donny calls back within the hour, and confirms Michael is on Earth.
And doesn’t that just put a dent in Dean’s good mood before it’s even left the showroom. It hadn’t occurred to him that Lee wouldn’t know, somewhere down the line everyone in the life just seemed to have heard.
Dean can’t get past that, however much they both kind of suspected the cosmic bullshit wasn’t really over. Whatever else they’ve taken out is nothing to this, and what's worse is that apparently Chuck can just handwave any one of their old Big Bads back into existence as his pleases too.
asshole, and they’re gonna do whatever they can to make him pay. But right now Dean can’t offer a
“See, you boys left that room so fast you had no time to grab anything. So. The gun was never there. Would you really take something like that home? I mean, what if you
“It’s okay,” Dean says at the same time as Sam says, “We’re good.”
“No!” Sam insists. “I-- I’m just- I want to make sure she’s okay, that’s all.”
Every hunter out there has a hero complex, and Sammy’s is bigger than most. When Dean gets back from his frustratingly short drive, Sam is trying to talk the other patrons out of whatever reason brought them to the end of the Earth.
Donatello is always fun to have around.
She’s being glib, thinks they’re spouting purple prose. Well, she wants to get chatty, Dean can do chatty.
… like Cas thinks it’s time to move on from them, from him.
“Dead?”
Sam explains the whole thing in stops and starts. The snippets, the flash-forwards, getting worse and worse. Claire and then Donna, and then Eileen. Cas, losing control of the Mark so much sooner than they’d hoped. Dean himself, making a new malak box and locking Cas in, turning hopeless in the process. And Sam, fixed solely on revenge like their Dad before them, and the both of them holed up like common fangers in a filthy apartment, waiting to die at the hands of their friends.
Marion gets agitated, starts banging against the door and it really isn’t sturdy enough. Dean has the sickening realisation that Lee must’ve been feeding this thing extremely regularly if that flimsy door has lasted this long, and then the hinges snap off.
“I can,” Cas insists. “We have limited options here, Dean.”
Dean doesn’t know if that’s a compliment or a judgement, a yes or a no.
“Margaritas,” Sam whispers.
“I can’t,” he half-sobs. “I’m sorry. I-- I just-
“Okay, great,” Dean wrestles his temper back, just barely. “Look, Cas, I could use your help with a lead.”
Sam sighs again.
She almost slices Dean’ nipple off in her little hissy fit and then Sam finally,
“I got your message,” Dean says. “Sam, is he--”
Dean swallows, licks the salt from his lips, sniffs.
He feels dirty letting her into baby, the sulfur stink is gonna linger for weeks. The cabin in the woods was a good 40 minutes from town and Dean valiantly manages to pretend he can’t see her staring at him like a predator for 15 before he has to break the silence.
Cas’ scowl melts into something soft and sad, eyes big and earnest, and Dean can’t read whatever is written there, but it doesn’t stop him from trying.
When Sam and then Dean follow, they wind up in exactly the right place, albeit darker and stormier than it was before. It’s pouring with rain, and lighting flashes every few seconds, bursts of light illuminating their path through the trees.
“Well, so did you.” Dean rolls one of his last two beers across the table to Sam. He’s earned it. “Hexbags. New body. So what, you some kinda witch now?”
Outside, it’s still daylight. It feels like they’ve been in that dark little shack for weeks, but no; it’s only been one evening, and the sun is rising same as it always does. It’s a sunrise Dean honestly wasn’t sure he was going to see.
Dean was grateful at the time but it feels a little awkward now, over a year later. Garth, though, is a saint, and forgives them without pause. Pulls Dean in for a hug like always, even if Sam pulls the sick card.
“Ha! Bet that doesn’t stop you.”
Which leaves just him and Sam and Not-Kaia to universe hop.
The waitress is helpful, if a little handsy, and she talks Dean out of his phone before she tries to talk him into her pants.
The bleak, grey landscape of Purgatory is familiar, even though Dean is fairly sure he’s never been in this particular spot before.
“But, you and Claire found each other. She has you now,” Cas continues, and Jody softens, eyebrows, lips, shoulders all loosening at once. “If something goes wrong with this rescue, and Kaia isn’t saved? Claire will be devastated, but she’d survive. She already has. But if she loses you both…”
A guy in a cowboy hat wanders past, pats Lee on the cheek as he passes.
“I don’t know, Sammy,” he says again. “ But we don’t exactly have a plan B here.”
He should go to bed, before he slips full tilt into those miserable, inescapable thoughts. He should at least pretend to sleep in lieu of the real thing, but he can’t make himself get up. He starts on a third beer, no, wait, there’s three empties already on the table, this must be his fourth.
Cas squints at him and waits for an explanation, but Dean is impatient and snaps, “What, Sam?”
“The fuck does that mean?”
His voice is steel, and Cas looks him in the face for the first time since he walked out and it’s like a punch to the solar plexus because that night he’d looked tired and sad and resigned and
He still feels a little sick when Shifty the shifter and his looming bodyguard Vamp McFangs talk shit about them being a spectacle for the monster masses to enjoy, so Dean talks shit right back.
“You bet your fuckin’ ass it doesn’t,” Lee chuckles. They settle in at the bar. “How ‘bout you, Deano. You’re not still running solo?”
“Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, it’s been a rough uh-- been a rough decade, Lee.”
Dean’s head is a mess.
He looks to Cas instead, sat at Jack’s side, steadfast and supportive. He catches Dean looking, offers him a small smile. Dean tries to return it, tries to project
But Eileen fits here, in the bunker, researching how to kill God and opening portals to Hell like those things are normal.
“No, thank you.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam insists. Eileen kinda shakes her head. “I feel like, uh-- I feel like I was in his head.”
What he does find himself doing, instead, inexplicably, is thinking of Metatron of all fucking people. Specifically the first time they met him, when he saved Kevin, before he proved himself to be a total douche canoe.
He’s been sure Cas has known for a while now, thought the long looks and lingering touches and the gentle simmer between them was clear, thought maybe they were both waiting for the right time except there is no right time for them.
Andy snatches Sam’s gun, dramatically shoots Josh and then himself and everything feels wooden and staged except Ashley, who plays the perfect traumatised victim right up until she trips and fucking impales herself on a fucking hunting trophy.
He’s been slightly off the whole case, and Dean couldn’t put his finger on why, but it slots into place apropos of nothing, Sam is acting like him. Or, like he had for their entire time in Harlan - quiet and sullen and vaguely resentful.
before he’s even stepped forwards.
He shaves too, and puts clean clothes on. Fresh as a daisy. Or whatever. He’s suddenly ravenous for food that isn’t dried and boxed, so he heads towards the kitchen. As he gets close, though, he can hear Sam’s footsteps still pacing the length of the library, occasionally taking a detour circuit of the war room or circling the barracks corridors.
“Maybe,” Dean says, cautiously. Swallows. “Maybe between Cas and Eileen, when this is all over we both got a shot at happiness, huh?”
shit, but you were too blitzed to remember.”
“Am now,” Dean grumbles, rubbing his eyes for show. Dozing off over research is better than drowning in your own depressive thoughts for who even knows how long. “Can I help you, Samantha?”
“Yeah,” Sam says, finally closing his slack-jaw and joining the conversation. “We think there’s a way. Listen, we just need to speak to Michael.”
“Nuts is good,” Dean says, and that’s all the prompting she needs to dish on the local urban legend.
“She will,” Jody smiles. “Soon.”
Then he packs the broken pieces of himself back in the box, and heads for the portal.
He clutches Little Cas tightly to his chest - shut up, Sam - and the little guy stares intensely up at him with yellow-blue eyes that don’t look like real Cas’ at all - no really,
“Oh well. What’re you gonna do.”
He doesn’t want Cas to become one of those people, a regret to carry with him for the rest of his miserable life.
They divvy up anything remotely useful into manageable stacks. Dean takes the comfy armchair in the nook near the telescope, settles in with his pile of ancient theology and gets to work.
And Dean wants to help, he does. He knows he hasn’t been pulling his weight the last few weeks, and he wants to make up for that.
“I have my concerns,” Cas says. “But Jack trusts Billie. And I trust Jack.”
“Probably not,” Dean concedes. “But he can spider-sense this shit, remember? If anyone is gonna know when Michael surfaces, it’s him.”
It’s pale, grey and white and sepia. Washed of colour except for the eyes, the exact shade of blue. It smiles at him, wide and gummy and damp, just like the last time he looked at Dean and it’s too much, he can’t, it’s not--
“Yeah, yeah, laugh it up. I have the perfect face for TV, I’ll have you know, even your Sheriff thinks so, ha!” And that reminds him, “Oh, and the time an angel pretending to be a trickster zapped us into TV land too. Gave Sammy herpes and then turned him into my car.”
Fuck this, Dean has had enough.
Goatee leads them to a river, and they walk down the bank in silence.
Sam’s hesitant, plodding footsteps don’t ease the sombre atmosphere.
Dean looked God in the eye and told him to fuck off, who does this weasely little shifter think he is?
He stares at baby’s roof, at the sliver of night sky he can see through the top of the window, and thinks. It’s become an unfortunate habit, lately.
Brad has a chipped front tooth and a real bad attitude but when Sammy’s famous puppy-eyes fall flat, Bess has to qualms about digging her nails directly into her cousin’s open wounds,
“I think we’re going in circles,” Dean says loudly. Pretends to case the nearest trees. “We’ve seen this corpse before.”
“Tell me about Angela,” Dean prompts once Sally’s got some caffeine in her.
“No.”
“Mornin’,” he says, takes a sip of his scalding bean juice because he really doesn’t know what to follow up with.
“There’s not all that many of them left, thanks in no small part to you gentlemen. Please, sit,” Rowena perches herself on the frankly terrifying snake throne, waves her hand and three vaguely seat-shaped rocks sprout from the ground. “Those pawns that remain have been left to their own devices since you boys took the big players off the board. We have a lot of reorganising to do, it’s a good thing I arrived when I did.”
“Guys, you’e back,” he says, but Dean’s not listening because Cas is slumped over in an armchair, body limp, face slack, and so much like that reaper’s apartment years ago when Cas was fragile and human and
Last time Dean saw Garth, they were tying him up and tossing him in the trunk of the impala. Afterwards - after Dean tentatively took back control of his own body and Sam wouldn’t leave him alone for more than the span of a toilet break - Cas had headed back into Kansas City by himself to tie up lose ends, including taking Garth home.
Dean’s still reeling from the revelation that not only is Chuck still around, but that he apparently thinks Dean is the kind of creep who would still bang a 20 year old in his 40s, but he gets the gist. She’s here for the equalizer, because Chuck’s too much of a pussy to come get it himself. Wolf Laurel and Hardy were just a lure.
I forgive you-”
He spent his early 20s sleeping with as many women as possible just to prove himself to his dad, which. Well. He doesn’t think that’s one of the strings he needs to pull on right now.
, and it might not be the same one who took Dean’s meatsuit for a joyride but this one still signed the world off as collateral damage in his petty family squabble.
“Yes, the club.
and Dean isn’t seeing the problem here.
Big-Mouth doesn’t even turn round, doesn’t look Dean in the face while he casually demolishes any hope Dean had that Benny might be thriving back down here.
“Dean.”
And. This is one things he’s pretty sure is his own problem. It’s one thing for God to influence Dean to keep hunting year on year, it’s seems a little lowbrow to make Dean a nervous sweaty mess around cute guys.
Sam is sat up, which is good, but he’s raving nonsense at a very concerned looking Eileen.
“Double?” Dean says. He shares a look with Sam over the goddesses shoulder. Reminds him, “That’s how the cowboy died.”
“So you own the place? That’s awesome, man!”
At his worst, Dean wanted to… Well. Let’s say he took a few unnecessary risks and if he’d heroically taken a hit to save someone who deserved to live, he’d have been okay with it.
“Yeah it doesn’t matter,” Sam cuts him off. “We need your help. God--”
They might not be at their best right now, with Dean’s stomach trying to climb out his throat and Sam all left feet like hasn’t been since he turned 17, but they’re badass with a capital B. They’ve fought angels and demons on the reg, they’ve beaten alpha’s and the mother of all monsters and stopped more apocalypses than they can count.
“Sorry, man, he’s entertaining a lady friend back in Kansas, if you catch my drift,” Dean wiggles his eyebrows for good measure. Lee rolls his eyes but he’s laughing all the same. “I figure he didn’t need me cramping his style, y’know.”
“Oh, are you now!” she goads, gleeful at the revelation. “And when you lose?”
“’Leave’. ’Get out’. ‘I want you dead’.” Cas shakes his head, looks imploringly up at the ceiling. “We didn’t bond.”
“We’ll see,” Chuck says, eventually, that same vaguely entertained look in his eyes, and vanishes without even the snap flourish he’s fond of.
“Yeah, but what exactly did he say?”
“I just,” Sam says, quietly. “I-- I’m so-
“You made it,” he manages, and his breathing really doesn’t sound good even for a being that doesn’t strictly need to breathe.
“Cancer,” Joey replies, taps himself on the chest. Laughs. “Came out here to beat it. Did win me an extra year. Been saving this.”
More to the point, the ancient equipment still works, and Dean goes to town on the closest punching bag until the built up tension in his shoulders loosens, until the angry uncomfortable throb eases into a nice deliberate ache.
“Yeah,” Sam confirms for the kid. Tries the door anyway.
Dean braces for him to say
He cries when he finally removes the jacket. He shouldn’t have any tears left in him, anymore, but they dredge themselves up from his very soul and drip onto the red-brown handprint.
Dean grabs a six pack and slumps down in the war room as soon as they disappear. The glow from the map table is enough to light the room without being too bright, and Dean suddenly has a banging headache to counterpoint the lingering throb in his chest.
“Rowena we’re running out of time, okay? We need Michael
Lee sighs, “Yeah.”
“Questions?”
“And then, when everything went wrong, when God took him from us, I- I was.
Cas’ eyes soften, and he looks at Dean like he can see through his soul, and when he clinks their tumblers together it feels like forgiveness.
(See the end of the chapter for
Nothing left but the bones in the mist.
“Michael was not grasping the urgency of the situation,” Cas says calmly. “I shared my memories with him to hurry things along.”
If Chuck wants to kill them, he could just fucking kill them. But he hasn’t, because he’d rather play his stupid games.
“--is like a fish. Mhmm.” Lee nods, shoves the paper back. Then, “What you doing man?”
“You awake, buddy?” Lee calls back, comes casually down the stairs.
Dean’s just thinking, as they board their Magical Mystery Tour back home, that at least they’ll get a breather while they work on plan D for Dead-end, but then they land right where they started in the library and it’s not Cas hovering over the spell, it’s Jack.
Happy hour hits, and they relocate to a table when the bar gets too busy to talk without hollering at each other. Lorna joins them for her break, brings them shot glasses and a whole bottle of tequila.
, John had spat, after he’d pulled the guy with the nose ring off of Dean and dragged his roofied ass out to the car,
That unfortunate revelation is immediately tempered by the fact that Dean apparently has seventeen cavities.
“Guys!” Sam yells, over the rattling and barking. “I can’t hold them forever!”
“It’s our turn,” Sam finishes.
Things like Cas, who manages to find all kinds of buttons Dean didn't even know he had until they were all lit up like an elevator panel.
He thinks of
Ashley asks him to stay and he can’t say no. She’s young and scared and convinced Wolfenstein is gonna come after her.
“Hey,” Dean smiles at her. “How long have you lived here?”
“He’s dead,” Jack says, every muscle in Dean’s body clenching before he qualifies, “Kind of. For now.”
It all goes smoothly, though. Or as smoothly as these things go, anyway.
Makes it easy to set up their trap in a nice, secluded little overhang; not much space for Michael to avoid the holy oil, good hidey hole next door for him and Sam to wait for their cue.
“Well then what does it matter?” Sam doesn’t quite shout, but it’s a close thing. Dean turns off the grill like he hasn’t noticed.  “If our options are to take a chance now and maybe he kills us if we fuck it up, or hide away for a bit longer binging netflix and dry cereal until he’s
Yeah, this place ain’t simple at all.
He was right; however they ended up where they did when they did, they usually managed to help folks out, save lives. If God wants to break out every ghost and demon they ever sent to Hell, they’ll damn well find a way to shove them back in the hole.
He doesn’t sound particularly happy about it, and that softens the blow a little. Still doesn’t feel great that after all the progress Dean thought they’d made the last few days, Cas is leaving again.
They met Adam exactly once, and they tried to talk him out of trusting Zachariah and when he went anyway, they went after him. It’s not like they haven’t thought about him since, they just didn’t think there was any way to get him back.
“What is with you and these losers?! They’re nothing, they don’t matter!”
His time with Alastair was a long time ago now, but it’s still on of the most defining periods of him life. He’s never forgotten that they can lose everything, can
“Well that was an interesting one.”
“Uh,” Adam says. “Sorry to, uh. Interrupt?”
“Well, it’s a little embarrassing saying it out loud, but we’re looking for a flower.”
Underneath all the crap, he’s missed Cas like a limb. Deam misses working with him, misses how he rambles when he finds an interesting bit of lore, his dry comments when he stumbles across a complete mistranslation of Enochian. Misses seeing him in the library at 4am when Dean's having a bad night, or catching Cas sneaking peanut butter in the kitchen even though he insists he doesn’t like the molecule taste.
“It was a good car,” Sally says, then vents her frustration by pouring a liberal amount of Irish into her coffee.
“Oh man, that is a question,” Dean laughs. “We have seen some messed up shit. Hey, you know there’s an alternate universe where me and Sam are just actors?”
So Dean swallows them down, and doesn’t know if he’ll ever screw up the courage to try them again.
Dean hangs up before Cas can answer, before he can say something stupid just to make the balloon in his lungs pop so he can breathe again. He throws the phone down into the pile, kicks at the console and stomps back to the library.
, so he keeps his mouth shut.
“Mother’s got beef with you.”
“Wait, no, no--” Dean starts, but Sam cuts him off.
“How?”
“But?”
“It’s not,” Dean says without meaning to, but it’s true.
Ain’t that a question.
Hey guys, hope everyone is coping in isolation!
“Cas?!”
, and it was a miracle for all of 30 seconds before Chuck took him away from us anyway. And I haven’t been handling it all that well and you haven’t been handling it at all--”
“What sounds good to me,” Cas says, exasperated but playfully so. “Is Jack fulfilling his destiny.”
“It’s called a marid. ‘s a freaky looking little thing isn’t it!” He laughs, looks at Dean like he should be in on the joke. Dean feels sick.
Only problem is this is a two-man job, and Dean first two options are preoccupied.
Another body moves behind him, and Dean turns in time to blast it with the borax. It goes down, smoking from the chest, and Dean twists to check on Goatee but then pain explodes up his neck and jaw and the ground races up towards him and he’s out cold.
There’s so much to unpack there that Dean doesn’t know where to start. Sam does though;
“Okay, then how do we restore it?” Sam asks.
“Mmhmm,” Billie nods. “He’s been a busy boy, extinguishing galaxies. Wiping the slate clean. For the end.”
“Yeah me too,” Sam interrupts. “That’s not for us.”
She looks at him for a long moment, then talks into her knees again. “He’s not my dad.”
“Easy for you to say,” Dean mutters, fiddles with the dog-eared corner of a page. “He isn’t avoiding you like the fucking plague.”
Nobody ever said Dean wasn’t fucked up.
, he’s been
He doesn’t bother with a bowl, just grabs a spoon, takes the whole carton and sits across from Eileen. He figures a conversation is coming, and Sam might have picked up some sign, but Dean hasn’t. The least he can do is make it easy to read his lips.
“No!” she says immediately. “Only for your luck. And if you lose, your lives are mine. You threatened my baby, my livelihood. An example must be made.”
Billie gives them one last
“Oh yeah, I remember that.”
With a snap of his fingers, Mike opens a portal as easy as anything, even with the enochian cuffs. He was right, they really should have pulled him outta the cage instead of Lucifer way back when. Would’ve saved them chasing the D-bag down over and over again for the last five years.
Leviathan dude grunts, rolls over looking offended. Good. Dean’s kinda offended he though he could take them out solo.
All the quiet focus leaves too much time to dwell on things he’d rather not think about.
And Dean is trying, dammit! He really is, but he ain’t exactly a saint and his patience is wearing thin and how the fuck is supposed to talk to Cas when Cas keeps putting literal barriers between them.
you--”
“I came to accept my father was…
“Lucky number 13, huh,” Dean smirks.
“Yeah. He needed someone to talk to, I think.” Dean swallows past the thick feeling of guilt in his throat. He knows he deserves it. “About the whole Jack thing.” It’s a pleasant evening, not too cold, but she wraps her arms around herself. “And, uh. He’s been a big help with the ‘coming out’ bullshit.”
“No- I know, I know, I know. W- What I’m saying is that I, I don’t
“Need any help?”
michael,
“The Occultum?” Sam repeats. His eyebrows furrow, Dean can practically hear the cogs turning. “Occultum… that’s Latin for
“All I’m saying is well find a way to beat him. We will! I dunno how yet but we will because we’re the guys who break the rules.”
“What happened?”
Cas keeps hammering out bullets. Dean’s blood pressure ratchets up another notch, he takes another lap of the room just to keep moving. He’s half way round again when his phone buzzes in his hand and he almost fumbles it in his hurry to answer.
“Man, come on,” Lee says, clearly exasperated. “Her story, dude, I mean--”
“Just until I fall asleep,” she says, but 5 hours later she’s still sat up in her bed. Dean has to splash his face with cold water just to keep his eyes open and he didn’t even take any of the good drugs.
But that doesn’t mean Sam is safe!
She wants to collect on their bargain - the spear that they broke for Jack’s help that they can’t offer. Well, bad news for her. Even if they
is a strong word, but I… Believe in her. There’s no one more committed to the rules than she is. She’s probably got it all figured out.”
“Oh whoa whoa, no. No,” Lee insists, and Dean remembers just before he says, “They were triplets! And we split ‘em up fair and square.”
Cas drops his gaze to his hands, cradling his empty glass. “Listen, Dean--”
As it is, he’s got a throbbing lump on the back of his head and there’s a suspiciously cage like door rattling in front of him. Dean can hear footsteps above him.
Maybe Cas knows that. He didn’t walk out without warning, after all. And he offers Dean a small apologetic smile and explains;
Instead, he tries not to plan what he’ll say if Cas does come back.
“Yeah, you know. You and Eileen are having fun. I don’t wanna spoil that, y’know.”
But the blood has reached the end of the tube, is dripping down into the cage and the marid or whatever rears it’s head, sniffing at the blood then lapping it up and Dean knows he’s got to get out before the blood-loss kicks in.
True enough. That’s sort of what got them into this mess.
He opens the line.
Dean could call Cas, could apologise and ask him to come home. It wouldn’t cost him much beside his pride.
Time for some good old fashioned Hunter's Helper.
What he actually says is, “If I don’t stay hidden, if I use my powers… my grandfather, he’ll know I’m back and he’ll try to kill me. Again.”
That’s when he spots the basket of phones tucked neatly under the bar, still a few left in it. He fishes his own out numbly, and that’s when he day goes from worse to
Dean’s eyes snap open at once, and even the dim Purgatory atmosphere is too bright. He blinks his vision back into focus, wiggles his fingers and toes, arms and legs; nothing is broken. Except maybe his jaw, but it's not crippling, he can deal.
Sam deserves some happiness after everything, and Eileen can give him that.
He leaves a glass of water and some Tylenol on Sammy’s bedside cabinet, and heads straight for his own memory foam.
“It’s just. All so random. And, and awful.” Her eyes are drooping. “Wouldn’t it be great if it was planned out for you? If everything was already decided?”
“What now?” someone asks, and someone else answers, “Let them stew for a while,” but Dean hears it like he’s in a tunnel, echoed and hollow, and he can’t tell who is who.
They visit the Chuckle Brothers who are such caricatures, with their brooding eyebrows and isolated cabin in the woods and
They’re well past the picket fence at this point. But;
He gets a nice little slice across the face for his trouble.
“I’ll go,” Cas says, and does.
“I don’t know, man,” Dean says. “What I do know is; I need another drink.”
They let her shower. Jack lends her some clean clothes.
“Oh you fixed part of it,” Merle takes great delight in correcting him. “You slapped up some anti-demonic, monster warding. You didn’t come close to restoring the original cosmic grade stuff.”
“C’mon,” Dean says. “We need a proper drink if we’re gonna celebrate.”
He’s starting to cut those ties, he thinks. But only tentatively. And with copious amounts of alcohol.
If the leviathan took Cas to Eve, Dean doesn’t even know where to begin looking. Purgatory is vast, endless and mostly nondescript. There isn’t a single landmark Dean can think to look for that might be a basecamp or an outpost or anything.
“As long as you feed it,” Lee explains, and the pieces click into place, the line in his arm taped to the bars. It needs blood. “It gives you money, gives you health. Anything you dream of.”
“I always liked that crusty son of a bitch,” Lee laughs, and Dean knows that’s not true, but people get weirdly polite when death is involved. Hell, Sam did the same thing.
“How are you being so damn calm about this?!”
She smiles then. “Yeah, Jody’s been great, and Patience is a good listener. Alex has been, well,
And, b;
“Hi Dean,” Chuck answers, clear as a bell.
She doesn’t answer, of course she doesn’t; she’s deaf, but she doesn’t say anything either. Dean listens hard to the scratchy static of the phone dragging across fabric and he can just make out a distant voice saying, “--helpful Sam, now sit still-” and then a faint grunt.
“Did you check his messages?”
There is nothing but quiet stillness around him, and the ticking timebomb inching closer and closer.
“No! Spit it out!”
“Yeah, maybe! And now you’re--”
They burn through hunts quicker than they have in years, with no impending doom hanging over them, and for four weeks they basically live on the road again.
On one hand, they’re nowhere near ready to take on Chuck. He kicked their asses powered down, at full strength he could probably just Thanos-snap them away if he wanted to. The only reason he hasn’t is because he’s still betting on the big Winchesterbowl.
Even if Sam insists, “It’s not like that. I meant looking for Chuck and Lilith and, uh-”
Dean had still been seeing stars and smelling fucking colours when they had that one-way conversation and John never brought it up again, but Dean never forgot. Couldn’t, when it haunted his every thought, coloured every social interaction for the ten years afterwards.
“Dean,” he says, that same disappointed tone as last night in the bar. “You and I both know, no one is innocent. After everything we’ve done, aren’t we owed a little happiness? Don’t we deserve that much?”
the magic activates, vibrates though the whole floor and glows brighter than Moira’s coin and when it’s done, Joey’s coin is completely blank.
His week has been hit after hit after hit and he is done.
“Fortuna?”
, the tension and his blood pressure steadily increasing until the other shoe drops and they get screwed all over again.
They run a few simple salt’n’burns in Arkansas, spend a week in Illinois chasing down a rugaru.
, because it’s not him.
He gives up after a few hours.
, Dean will take it.
When Dean’s eyes drift closed he can almost hear Lee breathing in his ear, sweet nothings turned into wheezing last breaths; pressed together chest to chest in Lee’s bar, resigned and hurt; in motel beds, soft and tender; Cas pressing him into the wall of some stinking alley- an old warehouse- an empty restaurant- a mouldy crypt, furious and disappointed.
“We just saw her,” Dean says. “She says hi.”
Cas himself is sat on the floor in the middle of the third storage room, back ramrod straight, a giant bestiary propped open on his crossed legs. Dean carefully tiptoes through the piles of assorted crap, even manages not to knock anything over.
He’s more than happy to chat shit right up until Cas lights him up, then he turns stubbornly, sullenly silent while they cuff him and bundle him into the car.
. I can’t stay here, and I won’t go back down…
So… maybe not normal at all, actually. But they’ve never really done
It rattles uselessly against the frame, locked.
Lee grins at him again, big and genuine and cheeky. The kind of grin that used to mean they were gonna get into some trouble.
She fixes her deep, penetrating gaze right at Dean.
Dean makes the shot, jumps the blockade and pots the eight.
Dean isn't going to waste his time.
“Oh, yeah,” Lee smirks, then, “GOB boys,” he says to the band and they pick it up without pause. Lee’s up on stage like a duck to water.
. But lads, I’m Queen!
This chapter was supposed to cover 1505 but this fic continues to get away from me //sigh
And the demons scatter.
“No, I wish.” she laughs. “That’s not how this story goes.”
That still doesn’t feel quite right to Dean. Normal people don’t blow every single spark plug in one go, normal people don’t forget how to handle hot pans for no damn reason. But his lips feel like sausages and it’s not worth the debate.
Blood, exploding across a graveyard; Goo, leaking from ears and eyes and mouth; River water, rushing in his ears and dripping from a battered, empty trenchcoat.
Sam bitchface behind him. “You should talk to him.”
“I always do,” Cas says, like he hasn’t ignored their calls for the last two months. Does that thing where he manages to smile entirely with the squint of his eyes, the quirk of his eyebrow. “When you aren’t being insufferable.”
“He really got to you, huh?” Dean sighs. “Look, man. Chuck is still kicking. The balance of the universe is still balanced. Cas didn’t take the Mark. I’m not gonna go all Miss Havisham on your ass.”
It might have been minutes, might have been days. Dean’s limbs are a frozen sprawl where he fell, numb fingers still clutching his own head until Sam gently pries them away. Sam stretches them out slowly, one at a time, the painful tingling working up his arm and somewhere, gradually, Dean becomes aware of Sam’s voice too.
She offers up some glib remark about hair, but he’s not in the mood to let it go.
Dean doesn’t look again.
“Hey, remember those sisters in Wichita Falls?” Lee laughs, wicked glint in his eyes. “Gorgeous brunettes, and Deano here fell flat on his ass right in front of ‘em! Real pick up artist this guy--”
“You could always stay,” he breathes into Dean’s ear. “Forget the case for tonight. Me and Lorna’d be happy to take your mind off it, Deano. Like old times?”
“I’m not aware of anything!” Michael snaps, familiar cold fury, and Dean forces himself not to step back. “You’re asking me to trust you. You, who doomed me. You, who let Lucifer walk free while your own brother sat in Hell.”
“You know she could probably kick your ass, right?”
“In fact,” Cas says, quietly, and it’s enough to stall the argument before it starts. “I’ll start now. You should both get some rest.”
Dean’s eyes have slipped closed, he realises, and for a blessed few seconds before Cas drops his hand there is no Chuck, no end of the world, nothing but this,
“How are the girls?” Sam asks as they hang up their jackets and head into the kitchen.
Sam slows his panting, rubs his eyes, folds his hands back into his lap.
Dean was a shadow of himself in those weeks where it looked like Cas was gone for good. He’d fucked up with Jack and pushed the kid on Sammy, and when the echoing abyss in his chest didn’t ebb, he’d killed himself in that filthy old asylum banking on the reapers not letting him leave again.
The words-
She’s attractive, there’s no denying that, but she’s also weirdly vibrant. Everyone else here seems to fade into the woodwork, hopeless and diminished. Not this woman. Maybe she hasn’t been here as long.
“I’m not without doubts myself,” Cas says, measured. “But it might be our only chance to stop Chuck. And Jack believes this is the way.”
It’s Dean’s fault he’s gone.
Cas looks pained, and yeah, okay, maybe Dean’s running away with himself.
They’re half way down the stairs before the map has stopped juddering.
“I don’t know what’s happening here, Dean. I- I had no idea this was gonna involve ingesting some magic sphere and then disappearing!”
He splashes water on his face, doesn’t meet the blue eyes in the mirror.
It was always just make believe though, or it was for Dean, who’d had his chance to get out and hadn’t taken it.
Cas doesn’t actually roll his eyes, but his exasperation is clear.
“What?”
He sucks in air, throat raw, tries again.
And then the phone rings, and because the universe can’t let them have a single moments peace, Jody says, “Dean, I’m in trouble.”
Cas does, more's the shock. No eye-roll, no sigh. Just falls in behind Dean and goes along with it.
She says, “Well that was stupid,” and walks back upstairs.
I have a
“So, tell me,” Lee says. “How’s the old man?”
‘Sorry’ is meaningless word, a cheap manipulation nine times out of ten.
Sam looks at them - Cas, keeping Eileen in a safety hold; Dean, on his knees pleading with every fibre of his being that Sam understands what this is; and Chuck, smiling benignly and just waiting.
Chuck has Sam, they need to move. Now.
“Oh,” Lee breathes. “I'll be damned.”
Ashley is Dean’s favourite kind of witness. She’s sweet and cooperative, and as soon as Sam gets the nurse out of the room, she spills her guts with almost no prompting. She doesn’t go into denial the second he mentions werewolves, and - Even better! - she saw the attacker face to face and she knows his name.
Jody just cocks her eyebrow at them.
He cuts himself off, but the crease between his eyebrows remains. He thought Chuck had come for him, Dean would wager. And it’s too soon, and Jack probably ain’t in a hurry to be burned out of his meatsuit again.
“Boys. Fix it!” she sighs again, long and loud. “I don’t have many regrets, but the few I do still haunt me. Making Napoleon so short was just
“It’s like they were us, but I guess from another world?” Sam suggests, and yeah. Make sense, kinda.
An eternity passes, and then Cas nods very slightly, swallows hard. Dean watches his throat bob and knows he fucked this up again. It’s not Cas’ fault Sam has that stupid bullet wound. It’s definitely not Cas’ fault Dean wasn’t here, wasn’t answering his stupid fucking phone.
“Wow,” Dean says, nods, takes a step towards the door. “Thanks, Sam, for that rousing show of support, I’m gonna--”
just like you did when Jack was born and Cas-- Well. But it-- It’s ridiculous, anyway.”
“I,” Cas hesitates, “I can call Jody. And Bobby.”
“Accursed by God,” Sam says, and then misses his shot. Fuck.
ain't just gonna fall into his lap one day.
“The cuffs are holding,” Cas points out, fucking traitor. “He’s neutralized.”
and Evie hands them them a token.
After that it’s an all out brawl, messy and brutal. Dean finds out what a heart attack feels like before Sammy does his Ginger Jr. whammy on mommy bitch and, okay, maybe the exception proves the rule because Dean definately does
“Man,” he mutters, more to himself than to Cas, but- “I hope you can hear- I hope you can hear me.”
“Fine?” Cas says, blinks at him for a second. He obviously expected Dean to put up more of a fight.
“See, the hero never sweats the small stuff,” Garth says. “It slows down the story!”
“Sorry I brought it up,” he says. And then, because Dean can feel the frustration of the last few awkward uncomfortable days rattling around in the hollow space of his insides, “Maybe if you didn’t just up and leave us.”
Between Cas plugging into the warding, and Jack keeping the portal open, Sam, Dean and Jody are gonna need to go in prepared. They’re prepping their weapons and emergency supplies, ready to go, when Cas asks Jody to stay, too.
He stokes his hand up Dean neck on last time, kisses his cheek softly, and leaves.
“Yeah, well,” she smiles sweetly, “I can’t hurt him. But I can hurt you.”
Dean never thought of that before. Just assumed Benny would be kickin’ ass and takin’ names like when they ran together. He hadn’t really thought about how teaming up with a human made Benny, what; a class traitor, persona non grata.
Sam hesitates, though. Tucks his damp hair behind his ear, rubs a hand over his face in frustration and somewhere in the uncomfortable silence it occurs to Dean that Sam is waiting to be reamed. He’s
Dean pulls his gun from his waistband, feels Sam do the same behind him. Stops by the door of the research room, still closed tight but a bright light flashes on the other side, shadows flickering under the door and the low hum of power merges with music, what the
Once the anxiety starts to overtake the lingering dairy churning in his gut, Dean stops watching and starts feeling around the joins of his cage for anything loose and small enough to fit in a lock.
They head back home to resupply, but they don’t linger. Cas doesn’t seem to be back, so Sam scribbles a hasty note while Dean packs the car.
“That’d kill her,” Jody breathes.
Garth laughs like he still doesn’t quite believe them, says, “I guess I learned from the best,” and shrugs it off like water off a ducks back. “You guys gonna be okay?”
And, no. No. Dean doesn’t mean to forget about the people they’ve lost. Fuck knows he hasn’t forgotten a single person he’s ever let down in his 40 years. But they should honour them, do good in their memories, make them proud wherever they are.
“We’ve got that,” Dean says, knows they have them on regular order.
Voices echo from the war room as he nears, so Dean ducks onto the kitchen steps instead of going for the stash in the library. He only catches snippets -
Sam doesn’t feel better in the morning.
Thankfully, the shish kebab in the bedroom wakes up and it gives them something to focus on besides their own shitty luck.
Damn. The kid might not have a soul, but that is a script-flip even Sammy might not have pulled off.
And, well, it sure sounds crazy when you say it like that, but;
“Dammit,” he croaks. “No light.”
But here, in Purgatory, words always came easier to Dean, and he has so much he needs to say and maybe it’s just because everything looked hopeless and bleak and in the space of 90 seconds it all got topsy turveyed and Dean’s head is still spinning, but he can’t leave without trying.
A little too understanding. And maybe it’s just because he’s still a little shaky and fragile, but Dean can’t handle another gentle rejection right now.
“But at least we’ve been not handling it together! Cas has been dealing on his own. And then he finally comes back here and you treat him like you’re trying to push him away! Again!”
The room goes hushed, suddenly, and Joey reaches for the newly smooth token slowly, like it might bite him. He clutches it in his fist, turns and leaves without another word.
“I don’t know why I get so angry. I just know-- know that it’s always been there and wh- when things go bad it, it just comes out and I can-- I can’t stop it. No matter how bad I want to I just cant stop it.”
Their eyes flash seamlessly and, “Yeah,” says Adam’s voice.
“Nothing,” Sam reassures her, hunching his shoulders in that way he thinks makes him look less threatening. Like Jody hasn’t seen him kick in doors, decapitate vamps in one swing. Like she hasn't also seen him fumble a wine glass in his big stupid fingers. “Social call.”
They’re up against the exact problem they knew was coming. No archangel, no grace. And Michael is who even knows where.
“I wasn’t kidding about Arizona.”
What does it matter if the world ends now.
“They matter to me,” Sam says, firm.
She clearly has a thing for calculated gambles, he’s hoping she also rises to blatant dares.
Garth insists on taking them back to his place, where Bess insists on making them breakfast.
created the world, but you know who created us gods? You did, you humans. Sort of.”
He’s probably never going to find out for sure, and it’s like a constant scratching at the inside of his skull that even good company and better chilli can't quite distract him from.
Finally, Purgatory 2.0! Thank you for being patient with me while I wrestled this chapter into submission.
“Sometimes it’s better not to know.”
“Well, ignore it if you want, but I can’t. None of this makes any sense, dude, and if we’d listened to Billie before, she would’a had you
“Good game,” he says when he sees Dean. His breath sounds oddly laboured, more suited to scoring the winning home run than losing a pool game. “Guess you can hustle a hustler.”
When Dean turns to leave Eileen tenderly mopping Sam’s Neanderthal brow, Cas is already gone.
Dean hasn’t actually read the recipe; it’s in Enochian and even if he felt like translating, the paper Michael gave them is still tucked away in Cas’ coat.
And Cas, fuck.
And there’s fuck all they can do about it from here, because Sam didn’t even give him a location. Eileen’s case could be anywhere within a two State radius.
Dean’s never going to be the guy waving a flag at a Pride parade, it’s just not his scene. Too many people, too many strangers. And even though he knows better now, the echo of his Dad in his head still makes it feel kinda like advertising a weakness.
Everybody just stares after her, then at the empty stairwell, until a door slams somewhere above them.
“We know you’re skimming luck,” Sam says. “Off what
This family don’t get a happily ever after, either.
is way, way beyond pathetic.
Which is just fine with Dean, because it means he can grab a bottle of scotch and a fresh box of crunchy, chocolatey goodness without Sam’s furrowed eyebrows and judgemental sideburns following him across the kitchen.
With Baby back in action, the drive home to Kansas is smooth sailing.
They can’t find anything on the Occultum in their library, which means Cas calling in a favour with his pal the shaman creep. Ugh. One ominously non-specific IOU later, they know that whatever this thing is, it’s divine.
Wings, burned onto white sand, burned into the universe, burned into Dean’s heart, his soul, his very
So personal, Dean knows in his bones that this is Chuck. Powered back up and stretching his God muscles.
“We should go,” Dean says, after a minute.
“A leviathan blossom?” Dean has a sinking feeling. He knew it sounded too easy. “What’s that, like a flower?”
“ What d’you mean,
. “A friend called, asked for my help on a case.”
Cas basically reorganised the archives single-handedly before their last face-to-face with Chuck, so he takes Jody down to there to see if they’ve got any more hand-of-God level artefacts squirrelled away.
He leaves Ashley his number, instead.
He reaches the tree near the mummy from earlier with less than an hour to go.
The guy suddenly becomes a whole lot more helpful. Amazing how many people do when you point the hollow end of a gun at ‘em.
“Yeah,” Sam concedes. Scrubs a hand through his hair again, then across his eyes. “Yeah, I don’t know. The universe was fine when Amara was sealed away. But when Chuck was dying, the friggin’ sun was dying.
So have the angry words, the snippy ones, the downright pathetic ones.
“Good,” Dean manages. “That’s good.”
“Dean.”
When he eventually untangles the chargers and finds the phone, it's marked FBI so he answers it without thinking.
“That was very brave of you, Billy,” Sam says. “Standing up to your parents can be hard.”
A pulsating yellow portal burns to life behind their dopplegangers, angry and wild, and then an almighty crashing sound echoes through the room and the portal closes with a pop, taking their doubles and the car with it.
, classic, and since Dean has the place to himself for once he brings his laptop and a couple of beers to his favourite spot in the library, props his feet up on the table and settles in.
“He doesn’t seem happy.”
He folds the fabric carefully, avoiding the handprint. Places the coat gently on the bed, on the second pillow that Dean never uses because it wasn’t for him it was for--
“We have moves to make here, Dean--” Dean snorts, he can't help it. What can they do that
“He always liked you,” Dean insists. John ran jobs with the Webb’s more than once or twice, which was a rare thing. “In fact, he said he’d never seen anybody better in a fight and that is high praise coming from my old man.”
Dean can’t exactly blame him, his own insides are a mess of wriggling regret and anxiety. The last time they looked each other in the eyes, Dean was trying to kill him.
He pulls his face a little, swallows. Knocks back the rest.
“Look, I’ll take the scrapyard,” Dean decides. “You take the lake.”
There’s nothing there when he wakes a second time.
Whatever good Rowena might have done recently, it’s massively outweighed by the hordes of power hungry hags a little too liberal with their bodily fluids. It’s gross, vicious and nine times out of ten it’s evil to boot.
“Yeah, I dunno. Cas?”
“Sure,” Dean says. “We can handle Two-face, no problem.”
“Yeah,” Sam huffs. “And I’m guessing that would be against Billie’s rules, so.”
“Oh I am dear,” she says cheerfully. “Pretty much everyone here is. When I closed the fissure, it did cost me my life and my soul went to Hell. Big surprise.”
Dean sleeps fitfully, wakes exhausted. Rattles uselessly around the bunker in between.
When they whispered about getting away from the weight of their respective families' revenge quests, away from hunting altogether, escaping the inevitable bloody end they watched hunter after hunter, friend after friend fall into.
Eileen nods. “I’ve been trying to get you guys to see me for… a while now. This whole ghost thing doesn’t exactly come with a handbook.”
“Working on it,” Dean hollers back, and when he turns around the Occultum is gone. “Wh- Where’s the thing?”
“You really want to do this?”
“Who’s gone?” Cas says. Checks the room again, then lowers his blade satisfied the danger has passed.
“Yeah, I guess so.”
Those experiences are the furthest this from universal you can get, but whatever. Dean can't make anything right id Cas won't give him chance. He keeps his expression as flat as he can, can’t exactly tell the queen she’s full of shit when they’re waiting on a favour.
Dean lowers his voice, “Working a case.”
Dean turns into the kitchen proper and finds Cas sitting at the table, flicking though something on his phone.
If they have to go on another magical quest, all of Dean’s new-found promises about keeping his temper better in check are gonna go right out the fucking window. But;
Thankfully, Cas lets him have it. Just dips his chin and says, “Yes, of course.”
Garth doesn’t think they should go but “normal” or not, someone has to.
Dean eats with his fingers and then has a power nap which is absolutely not because he was laid on his bed sulking at the wall for so long he fell asleep without noticing.
He does. His life means something when he can save people with it. He’s a damn good hunter, and it might not be the life that he would have chosen if it weren’t for Chuck’s presets, but he enjoys it. Might not be a perfect life, but it’s better than being a desk jockey for 40 years.
“Of course not, but, Dean--” and Dean isn’t getting this pussyfooted approach. They don’t have many options here. Kevin might have been happy to risk the open world, but Eileen clearly isn’t, and who are they to condemn her back to Hell.
“So, how long you worked for this hard-ass?” Dean asks her.
It would have saved them so much pain; him and Sam, and Jack, and. And Cas. But what’s done is done, now.
He hasn’t finished the thought when the door squeaks open, and out totters Evie looking like she hasn’t seen the sky in decades. Hell, maybe she hasn’t.
Jack was on all of them. They all agreed on using Lily’s magic to bring him back. They all knew the costs. They were all worried. And not a single one of them wanted to act when they first suspected. And then it was too late, and Mom was dead and Dean, well.
A real rude one, too, and Dean never thought he’d miss chirpy, useless Jessica but at least she was nice. The new one, Merle, is a snarky, stone faced tattle-tail.
He starts by cooking them a proper dinner, burgers and home-made fries, and he even throws in some lettuce and tomato to appease Sammy’s inner health nut.
God brought Cas back to them over and over and if that’s not suspect then Dean doesn’t know what is. Either he’s been a sleeper agent the whole time, or maybe Chuck just thought he was a good distraction for Dean, keep him off his game, keep him focused on the wrong things.
Dean grabs a beer, slumps down at the kitchen table. Sam opts for pacing irritably between the doorway and the counter and back again.
. He just isn't feeling it right now, okay, and it's not like he's had a break in 10 damn years. He's entitled to a few days to fucking process or whatever.
“Alright, you know the deal,” he tells Fortuna. “Even up.”
“Yeah?” Adam says, looks him right in the face. “How about ‘I’m sorry’?”
“If it hadn’t,” she shrugs. “We’d all be dead. So yeah, I’d say it worke--”
It’s like the last 12 years have been reversed in an instant, and it’s somehow even worse than that time a witch made him relive puberty.
Lee always did know how to strong-arm him into a good time. And Dean almost always enjoyed the ride. He knocks his drink back and makes his way up to the stage, heart pounding like crazy.
Right now, that honour falls directly at Chuck’s almighty high-tops, and Dean can’t think of a better way to vent his frustration than locking the smarmy dickbag away in his own God-trap.
It had been real nasty, and Dean's never seen that kind of monster since. Human-passing cannibals, posing as preachers. Predators luring in desperate kids under the banner of faith, and taking everything from the poor bastards before finally putting them out of their misery.
Stupid fucking angel, he knows damn well how texting works and chose to ignore Sam anyway. Chuck could have gone after him at any time and he wouldn’t have had a clue, all because he was so caught up in avoiding Dean. It’d be on him, if Chuck had taken Cas out while he was out there alone because of Dean’s bullshit. It’d have been his fault.
Cas looks a little frantic, bright and wild with conviction. Dean wants to kiss him.
(Dean very carefully is
“Not yet.”
“Nothing?” he insists. “You saved us. And blew up a bunch of monsters. That’s not nothing, that’s--”
“Gee, Coach, am I off the baseball team?”
thinking--
He’s Bess’ cousin, apparently, and if he were human the gouges on his arms would have killed him. As it is, he’s lucky his attacker thought him dead and dumped his body without a double tap. Swamp stank or not, at least he’s alive.
And sure, this isn’t the ending he planned, but maybe Chuck lets them be destroyed by Megavamp on livestream to teach them a lesson. Maybe he brings them back afterwards and starts his play all over again, maybe he cuts his loses and moves on to a new universe but either way, Dean doesn’t want to die in a cage surrounded by fangers.
Dean does wonder, vaguely, how much Chuck orchestrated outside of their own little bubble. Did he mark Jimmy Novak as Cas’ vessel knowing how to would destroy Claire’s life? Did he sit there and write out the convoluted mess that was Alex’s nest? Does he handpick psychics like he does prophets, or is that a natural selection thing? Did he nudge Death towards Sioux Falls all those years ago just to drag Jody into the life? Or was it enough to simply create Eve and the alphas, create monsters and then proudly send them off to ruin as many lives as possible?
(See the end of the chapter for
Eileen follows without a word. Joins Sam in the back, shakily signs
grave, underwater, underground, always,
No, it’s not. It’s
Soooo, I was not feeling the last update, I finished the next one and it was not flowing, so I have replaced that chapter with this one, and I might rework the flashback into a coda once I've finished school in a few weeks
She toasts them, takes a sip. Doesn’t offer them a drink which is rude, but Dean’s read enough middle-fantasy to know a political power move when he sees one. They’re here not as friends, but as subjects asking for the Queen’s favour.
“Well,” says Cas when Dean voices his concern. “If we see it we’ll know. It’s likely the only flower here.”
When they arrive,
and Dean is such a fucked up pile of issues that he’s been gone on Cas for years and he pushed it aside again and again and Cas fucking
, the voicemail tells him for the eighth time, and Dean can feel his pulse in his temples. Between that, his own irritable footsteps and the rhythmic clacking sound of Cas packing borax shells, it’s a cacophony of impotent frustration.
Yeah, he usually does. But Sam always did have hang ups when people’s coping methods were different to his. Sam talks about his shit when he’s good and ready, not a minute before, but god forbid other people need processing time. It’s one of the things Sam inherited from Dad,
. “In the cage we came to an agreement. We only had each other.”
And then, just to make Donatello’s day, Chuck holy-hijacks his body to threaten everyone they know.
“W-w-wait, wait,” Sam trips over his words. Maybe he’s not hung over, maybe he’s still half-drunk. “You’re turning down bacon?”
The shade flickers to his left, nobody is here so Dean lets himself look at the decorative buttons on the backrest through the thing’s chest. If he lets his eyes unfocus, the faded blue tie almost blends into the worn brown leather.
Dean tries again anyway, pacing up and down in tempo,
“Well,” Lee shrugs. “Not the old me anyway.”
Swap out that last word for ‘son’ and he could be describing Dean’s exact feelings when they found out about Adam. It might be funny if it wasn’t spiral after spiral in Chuck’s miserable story.
, tries to believe that for the last few years Cas found his way back because he wanted to. But here they are, not a week since God fucked off and abandoned them properly, and Cas has walked away,
“What bump-in-the-night can I help you boys with this time?” she asks immediately when they pull up a little after 7.
“Cas thought you were gonna do it, too,” Sam says, because Dean doesn’t feel bad enough about the whole thing already. “And then you
Eileen kinda frowns at him like he’s a sack of sad puppies or something, makes eye contact with Sam over Dean’s shoulder and oh no no no, this is not going to become a thing.
“Aw, it was nothin’,” he says, but Sam doesn’t let him wave it off.
Lilith is alive again.
“What?” she mocks. “You didn’t like the part where you bonded with the victim?”
It’s that last one that has them all anxiously watching him work in the library, no risking leaving him isolated and unsupervised this time, and after a stressful few hours of helicopter parenting the conduit of the lord, the library reeks of cheap fried chicken and they hit-- well. Something.
dead, yeah,” she sighs. “In the Empty, sleeping the big sleep. Until the boss brought me back.”
“No, that’s not,” Adam starts, holds a hand out to help Dean up.
This, though… This is the kind of sacrifice Dean has made himself, when him and Sam were at their absolute worst together and Dean’s life was only good as collateral in a suicide play. Dean has enough regrets to fill the Bunker’s archives twice over, but the two years he spent bearing that mark are some of the biggest.
“Do you like your job?” with all the innocence of a freshers fair. “I mean, monsters?”
Dean is too frustrated and hungry to sleep properly.
The leaves rustle above and the roots beneath his feet creak and his own maddly fluttering heartbeat pounds in his ears.
“I know.”
“You mind-melded him?”
They don’t get to be happy long term, they never have.
“Good news?” Dean asks without looking up from CNN.
Sam shoves him, just enough that he stumbles before he catches his balance.
But Cas cuts him off with a strangely reserved look on his face, almost apologetic.
He fucked up and he can’t take it back.
“Well I do.”
“Just--” fucking
“I’m sorry it took me so long--” his eyes are damp, nose streaming. His voice sounds nasally and wet. He’s a ridiculous fucking mess. And there’s so much more he wants to say, things he always imagined saying to Cas’ face one day when it’s all over and the world is safe and their family is alive and whole and--
Goatee scrambles up, rolls his eyes but goes to lead and goddamn, what Dean wouldn’t give to have any other guide in this place.
“You little minx,” Fortuna curses. “Got me talking. You’re good.”
Dean almost wishes he would.
“Yeah, just,” Dean breathes, focuses on the case and not his personal pile of issues. “Something seems off here.”
, is dried and stiff. A grotesque echo of what he used to have. His eyes burn when he catches sight of it in the bathroom mirror, but he won’t take it off.
“Yeah,” Dean isn’t actually an idiot, thanks. “Same thing, no answer.”
Dean sure hopes they don’t get a lot of missing persons, because the Sheriff himself is a quirky little dude who seems awful happy to write Angela Sullivan off as a runaway and leave it at that.
The spell needs blood of someone who’s already been to Hell, which excludes exactly nobody present, but Dean’s bled for less and a little pain should get his head back in the game.
Cas laughs too, and it’s been so long since Dean got to enjoy the crinkles around his eyes that the sudden brightness of Cas’ beautiful, lamp-lit face almost takes his breath away.
The soft lamplight blunts the sharp edges of exhaustion carved into his face lately, makes him look relaxed in a way Cas rarely does. Dean can’t takes his eyes off the strong profile of his nose, the shadow of his unclenched jaw, the gentle glow of his cheekbone.
“Is it somethin’ we got?”
“Yeah, or they’re in trouble!”
“He can’t save the world
“Father,” Michael greets, stiffly. Then, “Amara.”
Two sets of footsteps echo down the hall, so he guesses the hoodoo worked. Good for them. Sam deserved something good for a change, and Eileen sure didn’t deserve Hell. They needed the win.
him out, between the nightmares and the instinctual fear of waking up in a box again. There’s nothing he can say, no advice he can give her because he pushed all that shit down until it burst from his seams and then he stitched himself back up and kept going.
Dean digs up as much cash as they have stashed in the Bunker - a little over $800 and most of that will go on fuel. He sends Sam back for all their spare gas cans because they can save almost 30 cents per gallon if they stock up in Kansas, which might scrape them a motel room when they hit British Columbia, and Dean grabs the dregs of food left in the store cupboard.
And Dean has had enough.
“Yeah,” Lee says. He seems genuinely gutted, takes a long time to grit out, “I’m so sorry, man.”
Lee slaps his ass right up there in front of all these people, and Dean’s real glad the lights are so hot because his face burns red.
“I used to think you were standing there with me,” Sam says, finally.
He coughs out a surprised, “You made it back,” somewhere in the middle, and it’s enough in the moment, with the adrenaline still frantically coursing his veins, that Dean can’t rein himself in in time.
Sam’s bitchface intensifies, but Dean sidesteps it by actually turning to look at him head on, spreads his hands placatingly.
Sounds simple. Probably won’t be.
stupid.”
. Cas should be on that list too, but Dean is glad he isn’t here for this, if only to save himself the embarrassment of tripping and falling into Cas arms or some bullshit.
“Yeah, well. Lotta fangs in there, y’know. I figure you two walk in, they’re gonna rip you to pieces,” Brad laughs.
Because Death and an ancient cosmic entity have some kind of deal where they feed Jack angel hearts like candy, ‘roid him up good and proper, then point him at Chuck and let them fight to the death.
“Nah, man, you know me.” And he does, is the thing. At one time he knew Dean better than anybody else on the planet. They ran hunts together a few times after Sam left for Stanford and Lee always got the brunt of Dean’s abandonment issues back then, he knows damn well that Dean doesn't handle being alone. “Sammy got dragged back in.”
“You know what Dean,” Sam starts,
“Well,” Cas says, too loudly. Claps Jack on the shoulder, smiles at the kid lopsided and oh so gentle. “We’re not gonna kill God tonight. Come on, we should get some clean sheets for your bed.”
He has that look that again, soft and disappointed, that rubs Dean the wrong way. Like Dean should still be reeling from his daddy’s death over a decade later, like talking about it is gonna break him. The look reminds Dean of Sam’s careful sympathy back at the bunker and Dean does not care for it in the least.
you not recognise his beneficence.”
“Yeah, you look aces, Sam. Really rockin’ the crazed hermit vibe.” Sam finally looks at him. “Come on. Eat. Rest. Eileen’s a tough cookie, she’ll be fine.”
“But I kill monsters,” Dean says.
“Are you?”
“You got time right?” he asks.
He’s possibly overcompensated for that by being harsher in his spoken words than he needed to be.
She actually does the fingerquote thing with her hands, and it so much like Cas it physically hurts. Dean breathes through the ache for a minute, but Claire seems to take his silence for judgement.
He’s followed by a quaking-in-his-meatsuit demon.
“Well, they’re still after me,” Cas says, shuffles a little uncomfortably. “We should hurry.”
The other patrons follow, similarly shell-shocked looks on their faces.
“Where’s your mom?” Sam asks in his best
Lee nods, like he has any idea, but before Dean can be annoyed by more overbearing sympathy, Lee goes on.
“It is! Do you think I want to be here?” And Dean hasn’t thought about it to be honest, she did her fair share of screwing with them back in the day. “I died to free Lucifer from the cage. I had to die for what I wanted most. Then you two went and screwed it all up.”
“I dunno,” he says. Stands and leans against the table so it feels less like mom and dad are arguing over his head. “I dunno. But I have seen Billie’s Library, and I have spent time with her. I-- Well,
“Good, they’re good. And I know that for a fact,” she gestures vaguely around, “Because they’re all home. You picked a good night for family dinner.”
“No one can read their books,” Billie says, pointedly. “Unless I let them.”
He stumbles forward a few steps, still unsteady on his feet, but doesn’t sit down. Dean watches him, nods, and waits to see where Sam is going with this pity party.
“Wait, what?” Dean says, but his mind is already racing ahead. This is the same spell Chuck used to seal Amara away for aeons, the spell that created the Mark of Cain, and Chuck himself said Dean’s soul was damaged goods, that he couldn’t take the mark a second time. Which means- “No! Cas, you can’t--”
Dean drives them home, somehow focusing on the road and not Eileen stuttering in and out of focus in the rearview or Sam fiddling with the spell and tapping his fingers on his knee in Dean’s peripheral.
Cas steps out of the shadows, solemn as the grave, and Dean has just enough time to think
Eileen knew in theory that they were being played by God. Now she has first-hand experience. That’s gonna take some adjustment, Dean knows, from hunting banshees and wraiths to gunning for the biblical Creator. He can’t imagine how Eileen is taking it, being dragged back to life just to be a pawn in Chuck’s life-size chess game. Dean met God in person over a decade ago, and still found himself all tangled up in his own strings for the last few months.
“Cursed,” Dean mumbles.
All the lore they can find on
No. No, no, no, he can’t lose everything here, not again.
“Sounds great,” Sam says at the same time as Dean says, “And I forgot my birth control pills.”
“He’s not listening,” Adam shrugs. “Give us a minute?”
aren’t, Dean. Aren’t you guys
That shit is a hard-earned skill and Chuck took it away just to spite them.
Cas holds the marble sphere over the mixture and Dean tosses in the handful of acacia power into the bowl. Smoke erupts outwards then funnels up like a mini tornado, whistles as the spell is absorbed into the vessel in Cas’ hand.
“And then Jody called, and- and
Whatever.
“But how did they get here?”
“Dean!”
Cas still stares at an entry on a weird horse-mermaid looking things, but his eyes stop following the words and Dean figures that’s as good as he’s gonna get.
had his soul eaten, been kidnapped by Lucifer’s jilted ex-vessel or been driven crazy by a really old rock.
And it feels good that they faced down God and won, however briefly. Chuck has been this huge, nebulous threat hanging over them for months, but they stood up to him today and lived. For whatever reason, Dean is buoyed by that.
?” Dean says, because he’s not the one who looks like he’s been through the meat grinder.
“She doing okay?”
“They were running,” rings Billie’s voice, clear and confident, right behind Sam. “Because God was destroying their reality. He’s almost done. Wrapping up those other worlds. And when he is…”
But Eileen just keeps click-clacking away while Dean opens his ice cream and digs in. He manages about half before the
He smiles then, small but genuine. “I thought you were gonna kick my ass?”
He crouches down right between Dean’s knees, reminiscent of so many times before, but so, so wrong.
They leave Eileen to her nap, and head out to set up while Cas lays the bait.
But, hasn’t Dean had those same thoughts? Hasn’t he wondered if Alex and Jody and Claire fell into their lives by accident or were dragged into this mess by design? He honestly doesn’t know which is the better option; that Chuck might have these people lined up to be collateral whenever he needs a quick dramatic climax to his latest story, or that the only reason their friends have survived for this long is because God doesn’t find them interesting enough
over and over while her limbs jerk around woodenly, a real puppet.
“Hey, Dean, wait,” he reaches out for Dean’s arm, sounds worried. “Just- hold on, slow down.”
Dean tightens his grip on the blade, “Or I kill him.”
Silvery tears well on the shades transparent face, gather around the piercing blue eyes.
“You really that worried?” Dean asks, turning to check Sam is actually following him. “You said she was good last night, right?”
It’s as good as Dean can do with Adam and Michael both itching to jump ship, and it still doesn’t feel like enough.
They pull the plates, follow Soccer Dad home and end up smack in the middle of some seriously fucked up family drama. The prodigal son is a vampire and mommy and daddy are down to murder his classmates so long as he stills gets into a top 5 college.
“Yes,” she sighs, wistfully. “There are things I miss about being alive. Flesh on flesh sex. Amazon doesn’t deliver here,
“We’d have done the same,” he says, quietly. “For Jack. If we’d had the chance.”
It’s always been Dean’s fault, all of it, everything since Cas dragged him out of Hell, the whole fucking time they’ve known each other and he never--
“Sure,” Joey coughs, looking greyer by the second. “Leave me be.”
, and then the scheming bastards kicked his ass in three seconds flat. He got them back in round two, though, unfair advantage be damned.
“It’s Sam.”
Which means Dean might have really, truly lost his mind.
He’s even more floored when he rounds the kitchen door to find Dean is smiling, and he’s smiling because he’s looking right at-
“Grab one and lets get out of here,” Dean says, keeps his gun aimed at the douchebag just in case he tries anything again while Cas’ back is turned.
“That you know of,” Claire’s voice calls down the hallway. “If Alex ever actually asks out that doctor she’s always texting me about--”
Sometimes it feels like all his emotions link back to that anger at his core - when he’s worried, he gets angry, when he’s caught out he gets angry, when he’s grieving, he gets angry.
Lee isn’t impressed.
When he wakes, he’s tied up.
She nods anyway, smile a little brittle.
Cas and Merle lay their hands on the sigils and every ward in the bunker lights up with power. Jack opens the rift, and it holds long enough to for Not-Kaia to step through first.
By the time Dean gets to the apartment building there’s also voodoo involved, which is just peachy. Luckily, Eileen engages in a bit of ghost on ghost violence, and for all that talk about needing a handbook, she sure seems to have got the hang of zip-zapping about. It gives Dean and his witch killing bullets a shot, and he puts it through the puppetmaster.
Dean’s fucked up worse than he realised, if even Sam thinks he’s so volatile. He
And she’s young and traumatised and so tired she probably doesn’t know what she’s saying, but still.
Should have made more of an effort when he was topside, made Benny feel more welcome instead of abandoning him. Especially after what happened with Martin, and Dean just cut Benny off when he needed the most help.
“You’ve met?”
Jack hurries over, damn near trips over himself to ask, “Cas, where--” before the penny drops and he freezes mid-step.
“No, Cas,” Sam deflates. “Of course not. I’m thrilled he’s back, really.”
Dean refreshes the page one more time.
“Looks like,” Billie says, grimly. “So we need to be prepared. I have the next step.”
The motel is suddenly right there, and any plan Dean might have had to stall her by driving around the block a few times are moot. He takes his time parking, pretends to think about which door is theirs, fumbles the key on purpose. Anything to slow them down because he’s unarmed and his ribs are bruised and his only hope now is to hold out long enough for Sam to catch up.
And, well. It’s not like they haven’t spent decades making shitty deal after shitty deal. They can’t really harangue Jack for the same thing.
“Be thirteen years in May,” she toasts, they all slam one back.
Knowing it was all part of Chuck’s fucked up narrative makes it worse, because his story was never going to end in Hell. Thirty years of non-stop torture and then ten years that were so much worse, and it was just a side-note in the apocalypse, a plot point in Chuck’s story.
And, yeah, he supposes it is. Dean doesn’t really want to get into all that comic shit tonight, wanted just a few hours off.
“You’re really stuck on this Amara thing, huh?”
More worrying, nothing else tries to ambush them either.
“It sounds stupid when you say it like that, man, but it wasn’t. It felt so
“Disappointed?” Dean says, snaps his eyes back to the dispersing grey cloud on the floor. “You just iced one of your own reapers!”
“Cas asked him not to tell us. It’s not Jack’s fault.”
He sets the spare mug he brought in front of Cas, careful to avoid the delicate ancient texts sprawled out, and then drops very deliberately into the seat on Cas’ right.
“Nothing?” Dean answers, and it sounds like a question even to himself. “I don’t think so, anyway, they’re gone--”
“You tryin’ to hustle me, Rodeo?”
It’s a hell of a long shot, but it’s the only lead they’ve got.
“Come on, Cas--”
They stop for gas halfway down the 281, and Sam doesn’t even argue when Dean grabs a handful of scratchers and then steers him towards the burger joint. Two double cheeseburgers in and he hasn’t puked and that is a low fucking bar for being considered lucky but good god
But he couldn’t, so he didn’t.
He can’t go back without him, can’t lose him again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh,” the guys says, obviously not expecting an actual answer.
Cas finally looks up, meets Dean’s eyes over the heavy hardback.
“Well, what did you think was gonna happen?” she says, mic-drops the pool cue.
“Dean,” Lee says, barely keeping his laughter under control. “Can I talk to you for a second, man?”
She casts a hard look at Cas, then turns to Jack, by the door.
“Just saying, if it was to work. Eileen, y’know, she gets it. She gets us, she gets the life. She’s hot!” He twitches his eyebrows for good measure.
His words are lost in the tide.
Sam bangs it again when it doesn’t stop, which makes it louder, but then it kicks up a pitch and it’s not coming from the table at all, it’s coming from below them.
“So by the time we got the barrier up, you were long gone,” Dean guesses.
But that’s what Dean find himself doing, weighing his choices.
Dean lingers for as long as he can.
“C’mon boy!” he jeers, points right at Dean, the bastard. “You can’t just sit around lipsyncing eye o’ the tiger when nobodies watching!”
“What, because we’re ‘normal’?” Dean can’t quite rein in the scoff. Still doesn’t sound right.
Dean says, “Gone.”
They walk aimlessly for about an hour in no particular direction, just hoping these flowers are gonna jump out at them.
Sam leans against a tree and doesn’t say a word.
“Hey, hey,” Sam says, soft, but it’s useless. Nothing Sam says can ease the ache. All the hurt is on the inside, shredding his heart more effectively than Death herself. “C’mon, Dean, we need to move, we’ll get them back, we have to get them back--”
Sam scoffs, but doesn’t argue. He might be able to out-research Dean any day of the week, but he knows Dean is right about this. He shakes his head, sighs out a slow breath and it’s as good a go-ahead as Dean is gonna get.
But even knowing he screwed up, Dean finds that he cannot exorcise the nagging feeling that Cas only stuck with them before because Chuck wanted him to. That their relationship can’t be real when it was created as part of that story.
“But I can’t do it without you. I cant,” Sam says, painfully earnest. “Just like I couldn’t do it today without you. I need my brother.”
“Yeah, but, icing on the cake?” he suggests. Cas offers him another of those indulgent smiles, shakes his head. “C’mon. Chuck wanted Cain and Abel, and now we’re going all biblical on him! Killed by his own grandson, sounds right to me.”
Dean doesn’t know what they expect him to do. There is no escaping this, no deals to be made or tricks they can pull. He doesn’t know what to fucking do.
The kid waves his hands spooky-like, mock growls like you might to toddler. Laughs like it’s the best joke in the world, and maybe it is when you’ve been trapped in Hell for a decade, but Dean’s brain is stuttering like a scratched record.
“I mean, I think the lake--” Lee insists, but, hey, if there’s two of them;
“Uh huh,” Dean stands, stretches until his spine pops because he knows Sam hates it. “I’m listening.”
Dean damn near chokes on his own spit. Obviously Lee is more out here than he thought. Lorna pours him another shot, smiles like she’s gonna eat him alive, and Lee did always know how to pick a good woman.
Dean tries to apologise with actions where he can. Bring people things, take care of them, help them with things before they have to ask. Be there, even when you royally fucked up, even when you want the world to swallow you up, fucking
He just. Can’t. Stop. Thinking about it.
“I am,” Jack replies, solemn and serious, like a vow.
“Adam?”
. Dean isn’t exactly in control of his expressions at the moment; whatever his face does, Sam sighs.
“You saved my bacon first, call it even.” Then he tries, “I, uh. I suck at this sort of thing, but Sammy would say it helps to talk about it.”
“If we attack Chuck now, we don’t have anything that can hurt him,” Cas says, calm and firm. “We get that leviathan blossom, complete Michael’s spell, build the cage - that’s our chance. That’s the way we’ll save Sam. And that’s the way we’ll save the world.”
“--Amara was there, and- and Becky, I think, and-- Chuck-- He’s- he’s-- Dean!”
“There’s something else,” he says. “I’m worried about Jack. I think I heard him talking to somebody earlier. In his room.”
The blossoms are husks, apparently. Grow in groups of ten wherever a leviathan decomposes. Honestly, Dean wasn’t sure these toothy fucks could die naturally.
It’s a textbook win - they saved the girl, she’s gonna be adopted by a ragtag family of misfits that will love her for exactly who she is, and Dean knows how much this will mean to Claire.
“Pretty much. Where is he?”
“Yeah,” Sam shrugs. “I guess.”
, and they were both stubborn enough to keep pushing and pushing well after something should be left alone. Dean just needs to wallow sometime, to think.
He's still not interested but, well. He’s here, and he has to wait for Sally to show anyway, he might as well enjoy it. This is his kind of place, rustic and vaguely rowdy, cowboy hats in every direction. The house band is even decent.
crashes through the door and pops her with the demon trap bullet, right in the forehead, BANG!
“Hi, Dean,” he says, all casual like they’re buddies and not like he’s been secretly directing the horror show of their entire lives for shits and giggles, and that ugly, boiling emotional bubble bursts all at once and this time Dean know exactly where to aim it.
“Yes,” Cas nods, walks down the hall.
Joey turns his coin over in his fingers, then sets it on the bench with his hat, a soldier retiring his weapon. Then he explodes into a coughing fit, wipes his mouth with his hand and pulls it away bloody.
Nervous chatter, soothing nonsense, and none of it is sticking, but it’s
He’d know that voice anywhere, Hell or Earth or otherwise, and the demons back off immediately while they scramble to their feet.
Lilith waxes poetic about the lamest form of torture, like she’s forgotten she delivered Dean’s immortal soul to Hell. He reminds her -
The kid picks at his beer bottle, scratches at the table, taps his fingers on his knees. Does everything he can to avoid looking at them directly.
“Look, I don’t know how all this works but I know how it ends. We,” she emphasises, gestures at herself, “go crazy. We
“I dunno. Maybe. I- I didn’t see anybody. But--”
. Where do we find it?”
She circles the table, stops to casually sink the next ball, then continues.
“I suppose,” Cas says, stepping in to the room. “We could always send him out now and let Chuck burn him out again.”
. He needs to get out, catch his breath and gather his thoughts in peace.
Sam heads out within the hour, Casper flickering along behind him. Dean’s not really clear on this whole unanchored spirit thing works, but it’s not his problem. Right now, his only pressing concern is which Scooby movie to watch first.
Eileen saved him first. He must look particularly unconvinced, Sam puts on his best bitchface.
Donny hasn’t sensed any shift in the force, or whatever, but Dean tells him to keep his ears open and that’s about all he can do from his room.
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
Dean tries not to take it personally. He hates the dank little archive rooms anyway, and if Cas wants to give him the silent treatment and avoid him like a petulant toddler, well.
“Just. All of us, safe and home,” Dean says. Catches Cas’ eyes and holds them. “Together, Cas.”
So they camp out in the library and it’s Research Mode; Activate!
Dean stares ahead, tries not to give himself away, but the second she lays eyes on Baby he knows it’s over.
Lee nods, “Yeah,” and doesn’t push so Dean takes his chance to deflect.
Dean doesn’t call Cas.
for a while. To go to sleep and maybe just not wake up. Anything to catch a break. Anything to go a month, a goddamn week without something huge and awful and inescapable happening.
“Well, yeah!” Dean shouts, and some of the comforting old anger seeps through the cracks. “We’re supposed to be past this, man! We’re supposed to be done sacrificing ourselves for other peoples’ cosmic plans!”
like it’s poison, but the hairs on his neck all stand up uncomfortably.
His eyes flash ethereal blue and then his whole body relaxes at once and-
He slides silently into the seat next to Sammy, his physical presence the only support he can offer.
He looks like a low-rent Robert Downey Jr., and he starts to get up like they’re just gonna let him go.
Dean marches towards the portal, can see it, ribbon thin, a little ways down.
Typical. Radio silence for weeks and then he only gets in touch because of a job.
Dean can’t bridge that gulf if it’s a temporary measure. He can’t risk it being worse the next time Cas walks away.
too much. And its hard not to feel like just… cashing out.”
And he’s furious.
A wild update appeared!
He did it for Adam, he could do it for Cas. Except he’s probably never going to see Adam again, and Cas is going to stick around at least some of the time. Hopefully.
“Chuck, you dick--”
“You okay?” Dean checks as he steps back, claps Cas on the shoulder one more time but he’ still solid, still
“He, uh. He gave me this stopwatch. Like- Like some
Sam, though, seems vindicated, glad that his instinct was on the money and happy to move on to problem solving.
, he can’t even pick a lock now and that’s just petty.
“Uhhh,” Lee says, slowly. “No.”
The app gives a cheery ping, “Okay, here we go,” and zooms in on, “Milford, Nebraska. At a casino. What the hell is Chuck doin’ at a casino?”
Adam smiles anyway, nods like he knows but appreciates the effort anyway.
“No he won’t,” Dean shouts, harsher than he meant to, but he has had enough of this emotional whiplash today and Mike needs to get with the fucking program. “Because
And if God is gone, really gone, then does Dean want to follow the path that God kept pushing him down, or should he be doing the exact opposite?
Dean tries to smile reassuringly, but this next part is the stickler. “And the car went missing too right?”
Rowena, Ketch and Jack all died last week, for fucks sake. Kevin is an anchorless spirit, and Cas-
But Cas doesn’t shout, he sucks in a breath through his mouth and presses his lips together tight and they stand in deafening silence for a minute.
She purses her lips, trying to read him probably. “What you playing for, Dean?”
“Well, worth a shot,” Dean says. Then, because he’s a needy bitch, “Keep us in the loop?”
Texhoma is a small, quiet. Three roads in to town, a roadhouse at either end and the sheriff’s department slap bang in the middle.
“We’ll find one,” Dean insists, the irony not lost on him that they had this very conversation in reverse not two weeks ago. “We’ll figure something out.”
He said some shit he didn’t really mean, heaped the blame at Cas’ feet because he didn’t want to take responsibility.
“Mmhmm. Yes,” Dean says.
“What if this hadn’t worked?” he asks.
“Hello boys,” she says, and Dean’s never been happier to see Rowena McLeod in the flesh. “You did say you wanted to see the one in charge.”
Cas gives him a small smile, thankful, maybe, that Dean is letting him have this without trampling all over their fresh, tentative peace. That alone makes Dean double down on his resolution to do better.
Not much to go on.
“Yes,” Cas says, at length. He fixes Dean with a firm look. “The blood of the person who will bear the seal.”
“Now. Takes a while to drain a man. But, listen to me,” he pats Dean’s neck, rests his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Don’t worry bout it alright-- don’t- don’t worry because once you lose a couple pints you just fall asleep and then it’ll be over.”
“You know what, I would,” Dean is shouting before he can stop himself. “But last time I left Sam on his own for 18 goddamn hours, you put him into a vision coma and almost got him killed!”
She lets it breathe, lets it sit heavily in the air between them, paces leisurely down the length of the library tables.
before Jack steps into the lamp light.
But he does take two whole seconds to process Dean’s annoyance and then slots everything into place with his big ol’ nerd brain - whoever runs the joint is skimming the luck. The House always wins.
And Cas.
“Somebody else,” Lee answers, and he’s dead fuckin’ serious. “Dean. How many lives you think you’ve saved? Hundreds? Thousands? You deserve a break, bro. Hell, you might even deserve two!”
“Sam’s visions,” Chuck nods. “They weren’t drafts. They were memories. My memories. Other Sams, other Deans, in other worlds.”
“What d’ya want,” Goatee spits.
“Rowena. We thought you were dead.”
The chrome edge of the map table flickers blue, like a tie blowing in a breeze. Dean stares directly at it, swigs his drink and absolutely does
He stares at the faded words until they blur, until the lines read
But Cas left, walked out just when it looked like there might be time to finally sort through their issues. And he’s made it clear he’s only here now because it isn’t actually over yet.
When you put it like that, he’s probably entitled to his concern.
Sam sighs heavily through his nose.
“EMF?” Sam says, over Dean’s shoulder. “What’s going on, Dean? Why do you--”
“Yeah,” Sam sighs, then says again more firmly. “Yes. But. This was powerful magic, Dean, and- and I--”
Neither does Dean, but worrying about Sam is second nature by now and it gives him something to focus on. A reason to keep putting one foot in front of the other. Even if the best reason he can manage is a steady stream of easy jobs to keep them from wallowing.
The case is weird, but old school weird. Less omnipotent meddling, more the Mean Girls/Twilight crossover nobody asked for.
Dean drowns his sorrows, passes out for a few hours, then drags himself to the kitchen to eat leftovers and pick up a fresh bottle of scotch. Rinse and repeat.
“Okay,” he says, voice steadier than Dean’s expecting. “I’m ready.”
Dean leaves him to it, happy in his ignorance.
Dean leans into the breakfast island just to keep his feet, digs his nails into his palm to stay focused on the gun Billy’s mom is still waving, but his mind is racing.
“Cas,” he starts, and suddenly all those words are there, and there’s so much he needs to say it all gets tuck in his throat. “I--”
The match drops, the magic flares, there’s a gust of wind and then the cold emptiness of Hell pushes all other thoughts aside.
Fair. Point to Sammy.
Oh yeah, Dean likes him.
“In order to be in the Occultum,” Cas translates, squinting at the ornate little ping-pong ball, “the Occultum must be in you.”
to live for.
“Yeah,” Cas nods. Checks the recipe, nudges the mortar to Dean’s side of the table. “Pulped.”
The smell is even more potent when he starts mashing the thing. The blossom releases a familiar black goo, mixing with the seeds and turning to paste. Ugh, gross. Cas gestures for Dean to add the nectar. Recites some Enochian, sprinkles the myrrh into the flowery mixture.
“Okay,” Dean says when he’s gone. “Like hell we’re dropping this.”
“Ha! Very funny,” she dismisses him, stalks over to Sammy and no no no no. “This one here could be interesting.”
Sam isn’t answering his fucking phone.
And Death says they can’t do it.
is Garth’s unofficial superpower.
He can feel his walls crumbling in the face of losing Cas here, again, and without even thinking he falls back on a habit he’s been avoiding for months, years.
“Yeah,” he says, because if God gave Lilith orders she must know more than they do about how all this bullshit works. “But that was- that was God too, right? I mean, just another one of his stories?”
“You don’t, Dean?” Lee laughs. “I am you! I’m just you who woke up and saw that the world was broken.”
Here is the long awaited 15x07 chapter, and it is a long one!
“Dean,” he says, faintly.
My subjects revere me- well. Fear me, which is better.”
, now it’s as good an excuse as any to slow down and ease their tail into making a move.
“It’s yours. You can do what you want.”
voice, and when he doesn’t answer, Sam invokes her directly. “Fortuna!”
“When you apes first climbed down from the trees you didn’t pray to him. You prayed to the sun, the womb, the rain, the stars. Well at first the Creator was furious. How
About 120 miles out from Barrow they hit the… Well.
Also, there's been a lot of spectulation floating about on tumblr this weekend about the series finale etc., so I just wanted to note that this story is fully plotted and planned out to the end, and will not take into account any spoilers for anything after 15.13
“So chuck doesn’t know what’s inside the book?”
“You have an agreement? That adorable,” Dean says, and he means it. And it occurs to him that he hasn’t told Sam that, with everything else going on. “Look, man. I didn’t want to say anything, okay, ‘cause I was. I was kinda in a bad place and I didn’t wanna jinx it or whatever. You know I tried the family thing, right-”
And granted, Dean hasn’t had much happiness in his life, but he knows it’s not something you’re owed, something you earn. He learned that lesson when Amara brought mom back.
“Well, I mean- that’s usually how this ends isn’t it?”
In the years since John died, his candy coating has dissolved a little, piece by piece. He boxed up dad’s old leather jacket and just never got it out again, bought some nicer suits because he likes dressing up sometimes. He covets their kitchen, learns some new recepies and tries them out, because food isn’t scarce anymore and he wants to share it with his family. He likes watching cartoons and reading old sci-fi and it’s nice to have hobbies outside of the job. He likes the warm feeling in his chest when he’s enjoying good food with his friends, his family.
Dean takes another hit of whiskey.
“Maybe,” Dean says, brain whirring through any other solution. “Maybe Chuck was lying, maybe I can take it the mark again and--”
“Sam,” Cas says, like he wasn’t fucking dead four hours ago.
. I can’t forget that so easy, Dean!”
He scrambles to his feet like it’s actually his job to wait on the queen of Hell and not just a show of subservience.
“Okay,” Cas frowns. “I am not understanding.”
“Alright,” Sam agrees finally. “Look, if- if its what Eileen wants then we can go to Rowena’s place and look for a crystal. Been meaning to do that anyway since…”
“Maybe,” Eileen says, smiles like she knows he’s being a terrible hypocrite and pats his hand where it rests on the table. “But that advice goes both ways, if you ever need to talk.”
The problem is; an apology without changing the behaviour is lip service. Dean’s pretty sure he saw that on Dr. Phil, but it rings true all the same. And he can’t change that behaviour because when the anger bubbles over like it has all the time lately, he can’t control it.
won't see coming? “We
“You guess?” Dean isn’t even teasing, but Sam bristles, closes the laptop.
“Play me for it.”
“Let me,” Cas says, reaches across the table and Dean’s shoulders tense before he can commit to moving away or not.
. “C’mon, who’s gonna kill the bad guys?”
“Bet Sam wasn’t so happy about it either,” Lee says. “Bet that boy got you back, too.”
Let keep her secrets for now, she’ll have to tell them sooner or later. Honestly, he isn’t sure which would be the better option.
When he hits the river, he picks up the pace.
Dean has fucking had it with higher powers dumping this heavy shit on their laps and leaving them to deal. Dad’s deathbed truthbomb about Sam’s psychic demon crap; the angels signing him and Sam up to be Mike and Luci’s Apocalypse Day Parade dresses; Metatron leading them on about closing the Gates of Hell; Amara pulling their mother from heaven and then peacing the fuck out.
Lee catches his drift, nods and drops his gaze to where he’s picking at the label on his own bottle. Then;
Sam wipes his hands nervously on his knees, says, “Rowena, I--”
Dean is broken, splintered and hollow.
Cas left, like everyone always leaves Dean eventually. Cas needs to come back, needs to make that choice on his own. Dean’s not gonna beg.
His moment of weird nostalgia does remind him that he spent a year tearing through this sepia forest and never once saw any kind of flower, and Michael wasn’t exactly forthcoming with a description. Or a location.
This is different. Dean doesn’t want to
Cas doesn’t look convinced.
“So, Eileen did good, right? Getting us back from Hell.”
Despite himself he asks, “Cas still hiding in the basement?”
Look on his face. “Yeah, sure.”
Maybe it’s because he’s looking at a story about a blackout in Reno, maybe it’s because Sam spits the word
Sam’s mood has done a complete 180, he’s more engaged than he has been for weeks, with his annoying determined face and his books spread all over the tables, half-drunk water bottles dotted between. Any positivity Dean has been clinging to evaporates quickly now that he doesn’t need to keep Sam’s spirits up too.
Dean thinks of that awful day after ghostpocalypse, of whiskey and regret in the library, of
you, or- or
He doesn’t have to, as it turns out, because Garth is a fucking life-saver.
“Even for you,” Michael hisses at them. “Especially for you, this is stupid.”
, which is ridiculous even for him, but she doesn’t overreact, just keeps up that steady gaze and nods ever so slightly to show she's listening. “He- Well, he didn’t take it well,” he huffs a laugh,
“Sure,” Sam is quick to reassure her. “Do you need any help with that?”
“So if it’s not here… and it’s not in the bunker…. Hmmmm.”
Joey looks at him for a long time, then polishes off his drink and heads for the red table. Dean knows he’s picked the right mark when the other players start to gather round - they want to see the star player in his element.
“Look, man--”
It’s sharp. He could stab himself in the neck and it’d be over in seconds.
“Maybe tomorrow,” he mumbles. “Maybe I’ll feel better in the morning.”
There are four patties, one each for him, Sam and Eileen, and one for leftovers. He’d usually offer to split the last one with Sam, old habits, but he’s not feeling particularly generous right now. Dean uses the spatula to poke two of the burgers on his his plate, leaves two on the grill.
Better, even, with food in their bellies and gas money in their pockets. Hell, after the week they’ve had, it’s practically a vacation! A good, old fashioned roadtirp; soft rock blasting from the speakers and Sam snoring contentedly beside him, the open road and the ever-changing horizon.
“Double or nothin’ says you miss that shot.”
“It is, isn’t it?” Lee says. “I can’t complain, that’s for damn sure!”
, twitchy, and on top of being tortured and everything with Eileen, now he’s standing here waiting for Dean to lay into him.
Pax sighs, maybe he thinks he isn’t good enough leverage, but mommy dearest turns up anyway - Moira. Dean might have known the two most attractive people in this backwater were deities.
Dean goes straight for him, has his knife out and one zip-tie cut before Eileen comes out of friggin nowhere and clobbers him from behind. He rolls over and up with the momentum from the drop, but he loses his bowie along the way and Dean really doesn’t want to hurt Eileen when she’s clearly in distress; shaking her head and mouthing
“Enough,” he snaps. “Why am I here?”
“I just needed a reminder that good things do happen.”
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean greets. “I’d offer you coffee, but Sammy cleaned us out again. Sorry, buddy.”
“Well, if you cant help us,” Dean shows off his shotgun, freshly loaded with Borax.
But if Cas doesn’t answer, like he hasn’t answered Sam-- or worse, if Cas answers and listens and doesn’t come back anyway… Well, then Dean would have to live in this free new world knowing Cas doesn’t want anything to do with him.
Dean hates witches.
Lee knocks on the cage door, and something jumps up, ugly and scaly and spiky and nothing Dean has seen before.
He’s certainly not desperately trying to earn his dad’s approval any more, anyway. He’s grown above his dads expectations in the last 10 years, he knows he has because it’s been an agonising, slow, stumbling progress.
“I hauled ass.” She looks pale, even for a ghost. “Far as I could.”
“Yeah, done,” Dean says, brushes off his knees, tugs unnecessarily at his shoelaces, and starts forward again. “Follow my lead.”
Cas pauses, twists his fingers together agitatedly. Dean has a sudden urge to reach across and hold them steady, curls his own fingers tightly around his tumbler instead. Cas’ mouth is turned down at the corners, his eyebrows pinched. Between that and the dark bags under his tired eyes, Cas looks drained. Diminished.
Lee leans close, chest pressed right against Dean’s shoulders, lips almost touching his ear, and whispers, “If it’s gonna be you or me, well. I gotta pick me, sweetheart.”
. “No, you don’t get to pretend like we’re still friends. I don’t know you.”
but now his eyes almost glow with all that righteous determination and the old angelic pride that Dean never really learned how to navigate.
It stays down.
He gives Eileen another smile, and leaves. But Sam catches him in the hall.
“I cant do that,” Dean tells him.
“We gonna knock chuck out with that?” Dean jokes, dropping the rockrose and acacia on the table.
Row after row of stacked vehicles surround him, and the rusty smell and creaky ambience are familiar in a way that makes him ache for Singer Salvage. Him and Sam still technically own that land, courtesy of Sheriff Mills, but they haven’t been back in years.
“You did good today man. I did jackshit.”
“You’re lying,” Michael spits. “I don’t know what your agenda is, but you’re
The first two archive rooms are Cas’ patented brand of organised chaos, piles of folders and curse boxes and books sorted by whatever system makes sense to Cas and Cas alone. To Dean it looks like a tornado hit, but he knows from experience if he asked for one specific file from the debris, Cas find it for him in seconds. Or, y'know. He would if he was actually talking to Dean.
Eileen seems to be in control of herself, for now. She sits on the gaudy casino carpet, staring at her own hands like they might be about to strangle her without her permission. Dean sympathises.
Then he explains the rules, and of course he isn’t threatening, the treat is implicit;
He punctuates hits with swigs of Jack, a comforting burn in his stomach to counterpoint the burn in his muscles.
Dean manages three whole days in his room before Sam calls him out on it.
“What,” she says, flatly. Dean, watching from the other side of the library, can see exactly how hard her eyes roll. He snorts, nudges Sam to make sure he’s watching too. “Is this some kind of bullshit male chivalry thing?”
He honestly hadn’t thought about Lee in years but now he can’t stop, and it’s all twisted together with exhaustion and tied in a neat little bow of all the other crap he’s actively not thinking about.
The spectre is there almost constantly.
The kid - Billy - looks like Jack, a little. The shape of his eyes, the cut of his jawline, the earnest way his eyebrows scrunch together. He yells over his lying mother, “No! Enough!”, and Dean almost expects furniture to go flying across the kitchen.
Dean slides the article photo across the table. “You recognise her?”
Only one way to find out.
“They’re scared,” she says, and Dean doesn’t ask her how Real Kaia is feeling if these horrors are terrified, but then they’re at the camp and she’s dirty and wary but she’s alive.
“What,” she mocks, hands on her hips now, full mom mode, “you can’t call first?”
It’s fully light by the time he hits the yard, but still early enough that nobody is around.
Cas hovers silently by his shoulder. Dean can’t make himself look round to see whatever his face is doing.
Good. He fucking should be.
It’s what Chuck has done for years, slowly killing off their friends, their family, random fucking strangers in cheap parallels, all to keep his petty drama going and there’s only one way to make it stop.
“I--” Jack says, carefully. “I had to.”
“Eve?”
“There’s the door. It’ll remain open for 12 hours,” he watches Dean set his watch, then raises his hands. “Now, if you please.”
That’s a good question, a no doubt vitally important one, but it’s been a helluva week and Dean can’t muster the brain power right now. Right now, he just knows that Death commands respect and Billie has proven herself worthy of that respect.
Rowena leans forward in her kickass throne, looks thoughtfully at Cas, then Dean.
But there are blips, enough that Dean can’t be sure - he’d shacked up with that woman and a dog while Dean was in Purgatory, he’s talked a few times lately about meeting someone else in the life. If this is the epilogue of their story they really should discuss their long-term options, except Dean doesn’t know how to bring it up without sounding pathetically needy.
“Ugh,” Dean shudders. “Don’t remind me.”
He can’t leave Sam to deal with Chuck alone, but maybe if they miraculously survive, they can come back for Cas after.
Between Sam’s pushy hopefulness and Eileen’s casual empathy, Dean feels like he must have a neon sign on his head that says
The more he stews, the more convinced he is that Chuck’s curse is targeted. Sam, who jogs everyday, is suddenly tripping over his own feet. Sam, who prides himself on taking good care of his gigantor body, gets sick. Sam, who has carefully honed his natural empathetic response to practically an art form, gets mocked by the vic.
Garth snaps the locks right off the doors - and if Dean’s tummy twists a little, it’s probably leftover cheese - then he blows the building like a full on action movie hero.
Cas turned away from Heaven for him. Fell for him, and then
“I need you to go pick up Donatello.”
Saying the words is the easy part,
Either way, their choices were rigged for maximum entertainment value. Dean’ll never know what their lives could have been without Chuck’s grubby little interfering hands and it’s driving him out of his damn mind.
Once they’ve gone, Dean takes two bottles of the nicer bourbon from the liquor cabinet, slumps to the floor right there to drink it.
Back to work.
As soon as he was tall enough to reach the tables, pool was that ready-made distraction in bars the country over. And Dean is good at it, he knows he is.
Cas doesn’t comment, but his eyes are soft and understanding.
Bess gives him another hard nip. What a woman.
in black and black and
“Yeah, and so did you. You’re a fucking idiot, by the way!”
Except for the beat up werewolf tucked up in the guest room.
“Chasing missing persons?” Lee scoffs. “I thought you’d be on to bigger things by now. Like the, uh, Lock Ness Monster? Bigfoot?”
He doesn’t need to get into that with the woman Sam almost maybe had a thing for a few years back, though.
“Oh ho ho,” he says. “Look who’s alive!”
“Cas. Look, man. I’m sorry. For Jack, for-- for how I treated him. For- for what I did. He didn’t deserve that.”
“Why?”
“We’re not finding anything,” Dean sighs, blows dust particles everywhere.
Inside is nicer, marginally. The wood trim is shabby, the wallpaper peeling, but the floor isn’t sticky and the felt on the tables is neat and well fitted.
, y’know?”
“Nothing that screams archangel.”
It doesn’t matter.
“Where are all the demons?” Cas finally asks, as they enter a smaller room lined with creepy-eyed little gargoyles.
with Cas,” he flaps his arms vaguely around, gestures so broadly it could mean anything,
He regrets it almost instantly. The chocolate melts thickly in his mouth, coats his teeth and pain flairs up around his molars, nagging and sharp. He soothes it with his tongue, hands over his card and then he’s got bigger worries because his hacked, unlimited, untraceable card is declined. Fuck.
He’s gonna ignore the dead elephant in the room, he’s gonna swallow down whatever tasteless food they shove at him, and then he’s gonna drink until his brain is as floaty and numb as his body is.
It might be an exaggeration to says he’s been playing pool since before Sammy was born, but only a slight one all things considered. Dad never let a coupla snot nosed kids stop him from trawling bars for leads, and Sam might have been happy with his books and his imagination but Dean needed to be keeping his hands busy.
starts to grate. He makes eye contact with her over the laptop screen and says, “Not tired?”
Anyhow, they’re in, and Sam barricades the door and then things get real Indiana Jones. Riddles and following moonlight silhouettes and floorboard hidey holes and, when they pull the silver orb out it’s soft velvet bag and into the light,
That’s probably why it takes him so long to notice something is off.
“No. You’re dead,” Sam says, like that ever means anything to them.
Dean learned a long time ago that his dad usually meant well, usually did what he thought would protect them. But now he also knows that John wasn’t the paragon of insight Dean used to think he was, knows that he was wrong about a lot of things.
“Bet you’ve even got real silver bullets in that gun,” says Thing One, snarling at Dean like the badly drawn cartoon character he is.
phone!
Oh, no. “Oh, no.”
Dean is right in front of Chuck now, doesn’t blink. Uses every inch of his height advantage to stare God himself down.
“Yeah, well. Welcome to the club.”
The last time they worked so smoothly together was probably the gorgon case nine months ago. It feels good to just
“That’s right,” Dean agrees. The two girls and a guy, and boy were they up for anything. That was an awesome night, Christ. Dean misses the days where he could think about an orgy with triplets without also thinking about Crowley.
“Funny way of showing it,” Dean grumbles.
It cute, in an awkward kind of way.
By mutual agreement, they handcuff Not-Kaia and leave her in the kitchen with a year old fashion magazine Jody dug outta her dash.
Mike stands, slowly, hands out in a peaceful gesture like his hands aren’t literal weapons of God.
“’Even for me’?” Dean scoffs. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
His brother and his angel are alive, and safe, and home, for now, and it gives Dean hope that things might just work out okay for them in the end.
“What did you do to him?” Dean demands, jumping to his feet. He hasn’t seen Sammy this absolutely destroyed since he was ready to die to seal Hell in that abandoned church.
“Right,” Sam says, pulling out his phone. “I’ll give Stevie and Charlie the heads up.”
says the clickbait, and if it were five or six years ago he’d believe it but not with the state of Heaven now. Still, it’s as good a reason as any to stretch his legs.
. Cas all but falls into him, which they should probably worry about, but right now he’s warm and alive and everything else can wait.
And… yeah. He’s still angry about Mom, but it’s not like he can dump 100% of the blame on Jack with Chuck yanking all their chains. Jack is family, he’s basically a Winchester, he was bound to make mistakes but he didn’t deserve what it got him in the end.
, they might as well have little cartoon wolf ears and whiskers.
He sounds uncertain, like he’s not sure how that’s gonna help. Dean knows the feeling.
Purgatory always did burn right through Dean’s BS, stripped away the simmering anger in his gut and the constant doubt in his head.
“Well then. I’m glad it was you. Wait, wait…”
And, of course the the first thing he does before he fucks off into the aether is to whammy them with the worst No Good Very Bad Day ever.
“Leave ‘em? No, I know.”
But Michael is right. Dean is beyond fixing.
“Yeah, yeah. He’d pop it in the tape deck and say
When he can unclench his fists without his hands shaking, he pulls on fresh clothes. Leaves the tainted ones to stew in the laundry, he’ll deal with that later.
That’s how it always goes. Lee snorts.
“I remember that,” Dean chuckles. They tag-teamed him because
“Lucifer,” Dean snaps. “And Chuck. And I trust them about as far as I can throw them. But Cas, if you wanna stay here; why don’t you stay here.”
“And, and she gave me a message. She said ‘
Three seconds later, every phone in the bunker starts ringing.
Sam does not miss the way Dean clings to Cas’ hand, the way they move around the kitchen pressed shoulder to shoulder. He smiles to himself.
Dean rolls his eyes, turns to smirk at Cas and remembers too late that he’s not on joking terms with Cas right now. Cas turns away from him in one smooth movement, fixes his gaze on the floor between his feet. Right.
Sam is looking at him, question in his eyebrows. And they’ve never exactly talked about it, not really, but it’s not like Sam never playfully ribbed Dean about Cas. Or Crowley. Or Aaron.
“Yeah,” she says, slowly, blinking furiously to hold back tears that can’t physically form. “Me too.”
Dean snaps his jaw closed, clenches his teeth, swallows everything back down.
“Then we go again.”
“Then you fix it! You don’t walk away, you fight for it!”
“Yeah well, Sheriff in this town couldn’t find his own ass with his flashlight and a map.”
Lee ain’t the blushing type, but Dean expecting him to get at least a little flustered or annoyed or roll his eyes or
and it drags him back to reality, the reality where Cas--
Cas purses his lips, pulls his own hand back.
“We need this,” Dean snaps. “And you know it!”
His confidence is contagious. Dean almost buys that Death, an angel-human hybrid and an unknown entity will save the universe no questions asked.
It needs some work.
Michael squints at him,
“Jack needs to find the Occultum.”
“But,” Cas argues, “Donna, Jody. They’re not safe.”
He’s cut off by the floating, humming ball of light that seeps out of the cross on the wall. Sam, too, stares captivated at the meandering little spark as it drifts down to settle on the dusty wood, and he’s knocked flying when the hellhounds finally break through.
“Cas?” he whispers.
“Cas went to the empty,” Jack explains, eyebrows scrunched the same way Cas’ do and, fuck, Dean feels like he’s having an out of body experience. Dizzy and sick and frozen, useless. “Hopefully to find ruby, hopefully to find out where this Occultum thing is located. Hopefully.”
Maybe that’s true, maybe it’s not. Maybe those visions were the future, maybe they’re the past. Either way, it’s the endgame Chuck wants. And they’re not gonna fucking give it to him.
They’re lead down corridor after corridor that all look the same to Dean; scorched stone floors, sharp edged rooms that bleed endlessly together and all of them, every single one, is completely empty.
He’s almost not surprised when it’s Dark Kaia who jumps out of the darkness at them. It’s nearly predictable now how fucking bad her timing is, always showing up to complicate matters when they’ve already got a heap of shit on their plates.
“What the hell?” Dean manages, his brain stuck in a loop of
“A flower that only grows in one place,” Michael says, and Dean knows before he says, “Purgatory.”
Dean hates it.
But they’re not, because it isn’t.
. “But it’s getting ridiculous, even for you.”
help, Dean ain’t exactly feeling accommodating when he can see the nasty purple bruising all up Jody’s face.
That’s not fair, not really.
“Hey, Eileen’s got a bit of an SOS situation. You okay here while we check on her friend?”
. And it was never anything other than petty manipulations masquerading as heroic quests, trying to get them to sacrifice themselves for one cause after another.
“He’s sorting through the artifacts down there, yes.” Dean stares at a random symbol on a random page until it blurs and
“The hellhound that killed me,” she only hesitates a little, “kinda dragged me there.”
“Let an old man die in peace, huh?”
Lorna laughs at them, then leans over the bar and says, “We’ll see about that later, handsome,” and winks at him.
“All my life,” she sighs, and Dean can almost see her evaluate all her life choices at once.
He left Cas behind last time and it’s happening again, oh god, it’s happening all over again.
Sam lines up, takes an awful, eternal second to glance up at Dean, then takes the shot.
A woman is missing, though.
Cas nods, accepts the unspoken apology.
“Hey,” Dean suggests, thinks he keeps his tone on the better side of neutral. “Why don’t you go see if Cas and Jody are having any luck?”
Dean honestly isn’t sure how helpful a guy who can accidentally marry a djinn queen for a holy dragon fruit can be when it comes to relationship advice but, sure, okay. Whatever his face says, Claire laughs at him. Then;
When he comes back baring fresh coffee, Sam and Eileen have also taken a break. Which, good for them. Hopefully they’re making out in a closet somewhere instead of whisper-giggling over lore in middle of the library.
“-before he rounds ‘em up and offs ‘em!” Dean cuts in, angry, because this isn’t a conversation to have gently. “Just to watch us suffer!”
“Bending the rules already, Jack?”
“I mean, there’s bad, don’t get me wrong. Lotta bad.” They’ve lost so, so many people, friends, family. But they've helped a lot of people too. “Still feels good to help people, y’know.”
“They were after me, not you. I figured it’d be safest to give myself up.”
“Well,” Cas says, infuriatingly reasonable. “Maybe they just have their hands full with her case.”
Sam isn’t so easily swayed.
He fumbles a shot, makes it noisy. Stage whispers, “I dunno, Sammy, I might be a little rusty,” and then looks back at the other patrons and cringes like he didn’t mean to speak so loudly.
“It’s not stalking,” Sam argues, but he starts up the stairs anyway. “It’s- it’s concern. She could’ve left a note, okay.”
By the time Sam finds him, Dean has cried himself catatonic.
Side character, Dean’s
Sam shows up a few hours later, freshly showered and apparently fresh-minded too.
Dean gets the ropes off his left arm, lunges up and grabs a saw just as the thing launches itself at him. It knocks the wind out of him, but he catches it in the chest and scoots to the side while it’s still recovering. Dean is up and ready when it comes at him again, knocks it to the ground with his good shoulder and then decapitates it with a couple hacks of the blunt saw.
“Really?” Lee skips right over the Alternate Universe part and goes right to, “You? Acting?”
“Well apparently Billie has Jack on a need-to-know. Which; not a shock,” Dean says. “We’ve made deals with cosmic players before, cards up ain’t their style.”
Whatever entertainment he wanted to create, parallels or drama or whatever literary tropes Chuck was aiming for, the reality of it is Dean trembling in the shower spray over a decade later, muscles spasming to the memory of claws peeling the skin and sinew off of his back, his stomach, his thighs; the echo of Alastair whispering sweet nothings into his ear while he sliced at Dean’s flesh.
“Wait,” Sam says, scrambles out of the passenger side.
He stops by the library stash for the good bourbon, can see everybody sat around the map table, conspiring or some shit. Sam, looking exhausted and manic, is poring over old scrolls. Jack stares, red eyed and pale, at the heavy black death book; useless and unreadable.
He doesn’t sound sure, and he’s clearly reluctant to mention it. Dean has to ask, “What kinda something?”
Dean can’t quite believe its real, has to pull Cas in close to make sure and screw that they’re not on hugging terms he needs to
- and she doesn’t like that at all.
. Jack alive and Sammy safe and you and me--”
And now, this.
Pihrahna-face ‘knows a place’, that’s ‘not far’, ain’t that convenient, but false lead or not it’s the only lead they got.
, he wants to scream,
Maybe he can. They just need to loophole their way out of this curse, hunt down God and stop him from blinking them out of existence. Easy.
Sammy emerges not long after, hair damp but looking less washed out than last night. He agrees to throw some dinner together outta their emergency pantry while Dean runs out for essentials.
This won’t help either, but all the things he’s pushed down are bubbling up and overflowing and the tears are coming before he can stop them and suddenly he can’t keep his legs under him, falls to his knees and only keeps from crumbling altogether by clinging desperately to the tree.
even this roiling fury.
He twists and punches the dick right in his stupid fucking face.
“Well,” Dean says, too loudly, claps his hands together. Sam jumps, jerks round to glare at him but Dean can’t bring himself to be sorry, he needs to get somewhere quiet before he snaps. “Anyway. I'll call Donny.”
is next, and he's considering watching the 2002 live action Scooby just for the sheer genius of Sarah Michelle Gellar as Daphne before he decides it’s probably close enough to noon to treat himself to another bowl of cereal. He might even put milk in it. Really indulge.
“A flower?” he scoffs. “What do I look like, a florist?”
He doesn’t look happy about it, but he goes. On any other kid, the sulky pout would probably fall somewhere between exasperating and amusing. Dean has the terribly hypocritical thought that, on Jack, it’s a stark reminder that they need to keep his temper in check.
Dean blinks groggily through his crusted eyelashes, decides it’s not worth the effort, curls his throbbing head back into his pillow. For a second, as his eyes slip shut, he thinks he catches a flash of tan on the chair in the corner.
“But not today.”
Dean interrogates a beaver, Sam has a conniption about overbearing suburban parents and they almost stab a cheerleader in broad daylight before they notice her disqualifying braceface. It’s a mess.
Now or never.
Lee nods. Crosses his arms, defensive. “You want a shot at the title?”
It wouldn’t be the first time with Lee, and if he didn’t remember leaving the bar this morning, he might think it was par for the course.
There’s no sugar coating that. But, hey, making shit up as they go is kinda their thing. If they weren’t committed to giving destiny the middle finger before, they sure as shit are now.
Cas sits there like a marble friggin statue, hands folded placidly in his lap and not making eye contact. It’s like the old days, when he buzzed with otherworldly energy and wouldn’t understand a social norm if it slapped him on the ass. Only now he’s just being an ignorant dick on purpose, avoiding meeting Dean’s eye deliberately.
“Adam, look. I know we bailed on you, and there is nothing we can say to fix that--”
hate Sam witching it up to give her a taste of her own hexbag.
“Chuck’s not going to kill him,” Cas says, so sure. “That’s not the ending.”
And there’s a big difference between Sam making jokes about him and Cas bickering like an old married couple and Sam actually knowing that that’s exactly what Dean wants. Now he does and even though Dean was almost sure before, Sam’s casual acceptance makes his heart swell.
Cas gives the spell a look over. “And the ingredients?”
“Then he’ll torture him!” and that’s no better, dammit!
“He’s fine,” Cas says, and Dean can finally breath out for the first time in hours.
The breathless anticipation the first time Lee kissed him making all the tiny hairs on his necks stand to attention; the sick turn of his stomach when Lee’s fingers trailed up his jugular in that basement; Cas cupping his battered face in an oh so gentle apology; the phantom bruises left by his dad’s fingernails digging in to the soft skin under his jaw, the awful, shameful tears on his cheeks when John spat right in his face, “
They should have talked about it properly, should have powered through his inability to communicate, his anger at God and the world and everything, Cas’ rightful anger at him.
And maybe accidentally summoning your dad from the past is the unbelievable secret shortcut to closure therapists don’t want you to know about but, still. Dean’s kind of offended that Lee thinks he’d still be trailing after his dad at 40 years old.
“I dunno,” Sam says. “A rift just opened up in the middle of the room, and these two guys climb out of a car and they look just like us--”
“Are you ready? Truly?”
“Sit,” she says, gestures at the heaps of food. “Eat.”
“I don’t know if I can move on,” Sam says, a little manic now he’s started talking about it, arms flailing. “I can’t forget any of them, Dean. I still think about Jessica-  I- I can’t just let that go--”
“Hello.”
“I owed him my life,” Dean says. Cas’ too. And Bobby’s soul, “And he sacrificed himself to get Sam outta this place.”
“Yes,” Cas says, curtly. Raises his chin defiantly, like he does when he’s daring Dean to comment. “And I got the location. Am I still an idiot?”
needs to work on that.
“Hey,” Sam says, gently. “Wha-what’s going on? What happened?”
“I’m good,” Dean says again. If he says it enough maybe it'll mean something. “I’m good.”
“Did you ever want to be anything else?”
“--and America too?” Lee butts in. Dean shoots him a look.
“What? You want me to sugar coat it?”
She smiles at him. It feels a little indulgent, the kind of smile you give the kid who wants to grow up to screw caps on toothpaste tubes.
Dean’s got to go back, got to try to help Sam even if he is on his own, without a weapon, without backup, without Cas.
“Thanks, big help.”
He can’t let Cas make the same mistakes as him, can’t let Cas take this on without being sure.
Ashley’s head tips back, she looks like she might actually sleep. Maybe she’s worried about nightmares, because she keeps talking even when she’s almost slurring with exhaustion.
And Dean steps back all at once, the cue comes out with an awful wet noise and Lee drops. Dean throws the cue down too, then sags onto the pool table and just--- shakes a little.
“Nope,” Sam says, “I’m pulling you off the bench.”
“Yeah, poor Baby!”
“Okay. So, Billie might be wrong. But it was still Chuck that told us about the whole balance of the universe thing, right?”
“What’s he doing now?”
The shade frowns sadly at him whenever he adds a new line to the tally.
“I was thinking we should check the archives,” he says, and he’s not even finished the thought before Cas says;
And his very weird,
“Uh, sure. Thanks,” he says, knowing full well he won’t take her up on the offer. He grabs his spoon and his ice cream soup, melted now. “I’m gonna head back to bed. ‘Night.”
“No, no. This is important, Dean. Just let me--”
“Adam, I want you to know,” Dean says, swallows every instinct that tells him it’s pointless. “We are sorry. What happened to you…. You’re a good man, you didn’t deserve that.”
“Have you tried Eileen?”
Okay. Silence it is.
“Wait,” Dean’s mouth says before his brain can catch up. But he doesn’t think
And even though the answer is clear, or maybe
mad that they have to ask some rando demon to take them to her. He’s outright fucking pissed when rando leads them to a trap, instead.
“Will you,” the bitch smirks, then Mt. Doom’s the fucking thing, thanks them and vanishes.
Then the fucker looks over Dean’s shoulder, directly at Cas, and says;
“Fine. Rack ‘em up.”
Billie nods. “And so are you. I told you Dean, you and your brother have work to do. This is your destiny. You are the Messengers of God.”
It’s not like Lee even knows Cas exists, but it stings all the same.
It even works, and the douche spills about the Monster Fight Club.
“Alright. Maybe we’ll run into Benny. He’s probably king of this place by now.”
He feels old and crotchety admitting it but, fuck, Dean hates it. The scratchy bleached sheets on small lumpy beds and mouldy showers with no pressure and miscellaneous carpet stains and no chance for a home-cooked meal. He hates it, but not as much as he hates how empty the bunker is now.
“And what’s
Here, in Purgatory, is the first time in months he hasn't felt that roiling, simmering tension in his stomach, his chest, his heart.
The cherry on top of the universes shittiest pie is the tiny little bubble of hope he'd been harbouring, nestled neatly beneath the churning anxiety in his gut. Despite himself, despite the constant nagging feeling that Chuck would be back eventually, Dean’d started to desperately hope that it really was over, that he was just being paranoid, that they could move on. Now that the bubble has burst, Dean hates himself for even entertaining it.
Dean has 40 minutes left, he’s fucked.
He does know a guy who can fix the engine sharpish, because
When he opens them, of course, reality comes crashing back in the apologetic angle of Cas’ frown.
Nothing good ever comes from these deals. Nothing good ever comes from breaking them. But they keep coming back to the same choices.
Dean thinks of Jack, and he can tell Sam does too from the sharp inhale behind him, the hand on his shoulder briefly, and he thinks,
Thinking of Chuck back then makes him think of Cas back then, too. Castiel, Angel of the Lord, turning his back on Heaven for humans, for the Winchesters, for
Keeps one eye on the tree line for any moving shadows, but the bank itself is wide and open and he can see the path is clear a good two, three hundred yards ahead.
“He’ll be back.” Dean doesn’t doubt that.
Sam looks at him like he knows exactly where Dean is stuck on this, and that’s almost worse than Sam not knowing. He says, gently;
Dean grabs Sam from his room and they hoof it to Sioux Falls quicker than they ever have.
Dean’s tongue feels thick and stupid in his head, he can’t make his throat work. He shakes his head instead, presses a hand over his freshly burning eyes.
Nothing jumps out at them from behind the bright flashing machines, though. No sign of Chuck or Lilith or anything else, just Sam tied to a chair in the middle of the high-end slots.
“It. It only jumped a few weeks the first time. We were researching in the library, you and me and Cas and Eileen. Like normal. Only not normal, because there were no cases, like
Eileen smirks at him. “We might’ve gotten just a little carried away with the--”
For the first in a long time, he thinks of Heaven. His personal paradise, and Sam’s, adjacent but so, so different they might as well have been in a galaxy far far away. He doesn’t know if that was even real, used to think it could have been another one of Zachariah’s tricks, but it could have been Chuck fucking with them back then too. Real or not, the look on Sam’s face sure was, when he said he didn’t see family the way that Dean did.
He’s right on the money. Michael goes feral, kicks the chair aside and shoots up to get in Dean face and Dean resolutely does. Not. Flinch.
“Alone?”
Dean slinks half way to the bedside cabinet before he bites the bullet and pulls his trump card. “You know what, that’s on me, I forgot. We didn’t actually bring it. Sorry.”
I'm not dead!
“That’s way too many ‘hopefully’s!” Sam shouts, so sudden that Jack jumps slightly.
“But his ego could only handle that for so long. Now he’s happy to survive on whatever religion has the best syndication deal.” Sam pots one while she expositions them. “Most gods, they’re forgotten. But I’m old,” she isn’t even watching as Sam makes another shot. “I hold a grudge.”
She says, “That’s nice,” and he only hums because hunting is a lot of things but
“Hello, Dean.”
“This blows, I get it. I don’t make the rules.”
“I know,” he says, and doesn’t elaborate at all.
And he widens his stride again and leaves Dean to wallow.
It's already been a weird day, might as well officially set the record straight. Or, well. Not.
“And,” Dean smirks, lift his glass again. “Here’s to payback.”
Dean wishes he was more tempted, but he can’t. He just--
It says that Dean is forgiven.
“We’ll work something else out,” Dean placates. God, he sounds like Sam. But he means it. “We’ll get him.”
“That’s not--” Sam starts, then cuts himself off with a sigh that makes his whole upper body deflate. “Fine.”
“Okay, then when I win, you give back the luck you stole.”
When they get where they’re going, it is horrifying.
“Uh, we fixed that,” Dean tells her. It took them weeks of research and careful, delicate sigil work.
When he steels himself to look up, it looks sad again, eyebrows bunched, lips turned down. The bluest eyes Dean has ever known stare into the cavern of his chest, burn him to his core.
“This is not how I wanted this to go Dean,” he squeezes Dean’s shoulder, thumb pressed almost tenderly to his neck. “When that blond girl walked in here last night I shoulda known, y’know. Dean Winchester, the righter of wrongs. I knew you were gonna figure me out.”
“Is that real bacon?” Dean asks, because like a week ago Sam was having kittens about going vegetarian. “’Cause you know, you--” but Sam looks kinda squirrelly and there’s only one thing that makes Sam crave greasy breakfast.
“Okay,” Jack says, and Merle looks real smug for all of 20 seconds before Jack jumps through a loophole so quickly and neatly, Dean can’t help but be impressed. “Go. In the meantime, I’ll open a rift to the Bad Place. I’m sure Billie will appreciate hearing about it after the fact, when it’s already too late.”
She almost smiles, then goes a serious and sombre as a, well. Ghost.
“Since when do we get what we deserve?”
“Yeah,” Cas says, and whatever understanding is passing between them, Merle rudely interrupts.
Dean drags himself from his bed every day, pretends he doesn’t imagine the swish of a trenchcoat as he wakes.
“Oh come on, man--” He's not
, but as it's the last one before we step away from canon I'm sure you'll forgive me.
“Because you’re holding out for your big finish,” Dean spits. “Yeah, we know about your galaxy brained idea, how you think this story is gonna go. Sam got a little look into your drafts folder.”
“Hey, listen, Garth. I just wanna say; what you did--”
He raises his hands, takes the whole place in. And it’s awesome, it really is, but something of shine is missing for Dean after Michael. He couldn’t stay here and trust it, isn’t sure he could stay anywhere reasonably safe and trust it anymore.
He’s got to call it.
Dean puts his gun away, too. His heart rate has settled again, now he’s just kinda offended by the shade of green on that awful little car.
He also can’t have this conversation in a bar full of civvies, so he shakes his head at Lee’s meaningful look and drains his beer.
“I’m good, just waiting for Sue to call me in when she’s ready. I’m going to prep and maybe have a nap,” Eileen smiles apologetically. “If you’re sure you don’t need me?”
Naturally, they don’t get more than 10 feet in before they’re ambushed by Charlie’s friggin Angels and Dean might like domineering women but he’s been thrown into enough stone walls for life, thanks. He catches sight of Cas being ragdolled over Farrah Fawcett’s shoulder and Sammy being thigh-choked out by Jaclyn Smith before She-hulked Kate Jackson stands on his neck, but then;
Thankfully, they’re saved from themselves when the whole Bunker shakes like an earthquake, and it’s panic stations, go.
“Okay,” the reaper nods, narrows her eyes. “And how about I just stop you right now?”
isn’t exactly poetic, but
“I dunno.”
He does know he needs a beer.
It isn’t until Kaia, clean and warm and bundled into one of Jack’s sweaters, says, “What do I do now?” that Dean remembers they found her at an intervention centre.
“I know,” Sam agrees, and it sounds like
pervertion
They have to throw this spell together and rescue Sam, and if Dean excels at anything it’s stowing his own crap to look after Sammy.
“-Okay, one, three bottles of jaeger is nobodies friend,” Dean says, knocks back another shot. “And b, they were twins.”
More of a mess than usual.
Sammy, of course, makes his own choice, “Yeah, deal. But not for more luck. For them. If I win, you have to let them go.”
“Yeah. We’ll also improve our odds of getting lost,” Cas snaps. “Or killed. Come on.”
“Actually, I was just heading out.”
He ends up in the dungeon. Sits on the floor in front of the wall that became a doorway. It’s cold concrete now, smooth and unblemished.
Cas isn’t Jimmy, but Claire had seemed pleased in her own deflective way that he was in her life, even if it was at the end of a text chain. Cas doesn’t give himself enough credit for
They’ll have to deal with Chuck soon, have to work out a new plan of attack before he regroups and comes after them again. But they bought themselves some time.
When the satnav on Sam’s phone craps out 3 hours into the second leg of the journey, he still expertly navigates the huge old roadmap in the dash, finds a shortcut that saves them a couple hours. When Baby suddenly loses pressure in both right-side tires for no reason, Dean still patches her up quick and efficient, gets them moving again in no time.
, which is canon-typical for Dean. It's vague and evasive, because it's Dean's headspace, but it there so take care of your triggers babes
“What happened?”
That’s easy, that he can answer. “Because someone has to.”
Dean held a fucking gun to the kid’s head, locked him in a magic box and was fully committed to tossing it in the ocean. Numb with grief or not, Dean made those calls. And he hasn’t exactly owned up to those choices since.
Cas slows, telegraphs himself more obviously, but he doesn’t stop until his hand is hovering open-palmed by Dean’s cheek and Dean still doesn’t pull away. He looks Dean right in the eyes, wordlessly tilts his head in question and Dean’s throat is suddenly tight and dry.
They’re stuck. Again. It feels like all they do right now is wait around for things to happen around them.
Dean is poison, the very touch of him corrupts. Dean won’t sully the last imprint for Cas he has left, fuck.
“You don’t have to say it,” he says, not unkindly. “I heard your prayer.”
“Y’know, I gotta say, aside from pincushion in there, this is pretty nice.”
Apparently, it’s a question the universe decides they deserve an answer to not half an hour later, when Jack strides purposefully back through the library and declares;
Happiness is something you work at, something you build with the people you want in your life.
Billie is just as intimidating as ever, with he leather coat and the revamped scythe and the general bleeding aura of darkness and power.
“--Ghost sickness?”
Claire rolls her eyes, but she’s hooked by the first ‘
Him and Sammy went through as many of their patented Winchester SOS codes with Cas and Jack briefly in the manic period between escaping Apocalypse World and Lucifer crashing back into their reality but just to be sure Cas follows, Dean flicks his eyes to the brush where he last heard movement.
He settles on, “Well, that’s not gonna happen now, right?”
Dean braces for Cas to shout back, thinks this is it; they can vent all their frustrations and move on.
Whatever Cas sees, he drops his gaze back to where his fingers are picking at the wood.
Dean cuts the engine, opens his door and swings his legs out but stays sat there for a minute, gives them space to find a quiet corner to hash it out. They’re both shaky and traumatised, the last thing they need is Dean listening to them air out their crap.
“I mean, hell, I thought you were--”
fault.
, he’s been
It’s probably a good thing for Dean’s blood pressure that the kid’s enthusiasm doesn’t last. By the time he finds his fourth dead end - Mandragora liver, no dice - Jack is visibly deflated, and Dean’s shoulders ache from trying not to hunch right up to his ears.
Sure, maybe they can’t pick a lock or brawl like they used to, but they’re not completely useless. They have skills honed from necessity, from a life of limited funds and limitless travel.
“Cas!”
Bess’ superpower is apparently making grilled cheese; she sends them off with a packed lunch and it is
“Learned it from my brother,” Sam says confidently, and Jesus H Christ, Dean is proud of the kid. Proud of the man his kid brother has grown in to.
“Nephilim grace, yeah.”
Even if they'd only thought he was a drunk prophet at the time, that's always been Dean’s go to argument for free will.
Of course he did. Because Jack
“That’s the difference between you and me,” she says as she reaches the end. Turns to stare them down once again. “I see the big picture. I understand that one life means nothing in the grand scheme. That girl,” she says, honing in on Jack again. “You saved from a dying world. You think hers was the only one? They’re all dying. All the worlds. Each and every world but this one.”
and- and avoid each other and, y’know what, I could maybe deal with that shit again if you weren’t being so fucking bitchy about it--”
Dean goes straight to the shower room, scrubs himself raw with Sam’s expensive raspberry and vanilla bodywash, and still smells fire and brimstone.
