“No. Although I understand some people do frown on gambling.” He looks at me in a way that can only be described as lascivious. Of course, he doesn’t know that Lestrade most likely knows what we’ve been up to, but Greg plays it off well.
“Yeah,” John said, turning to smile at him.
With shaking hands I thumb out
John’s eyes snapped open and he froze, heart pounding as he tried to process what was happening.
, John fiercely told that little voice. No, they had…they had
But there was nothing he could do, so Sherlock opened his email and got on with his day.
So, things that are real: drugs, danger, guns, wounds.  Sherlock.
I can’t help smiling. I mean, I was already smiling. “Yeah.”
“Well, inside, then? I didn’t mean—“
“Professor Snape,” he said. “There are only eleven of us here right now, which means we don’t have the right number of people to say the blessing.”
“Jesus,” he said again. Sherlock did move, then, wanting to withdraw, and John gripped his shaft, helping.
It’s been ages. Just the touch of his skin is enough to set my blood on fire. He tangles up his body with mine, and we kiss and kiss for a long, wordless, molten time. I pet him luxuriously, all up and down his arms and his long back and the cooler skin of his buttocks and thighs. He sighs into me, his big hands tracing paths of heat across my skin. I lose track of everything, just wanting more and more.
“Quite sure, thank you. Will that be all?”
“Everything I said: it’s not real. I was just playing the game.”
“Yep. They should’ve checked the alibis more carefully. They’re going to find the body six days from now on a Chinese cargo ship. The
A warm hand on his sacrum, soft voice in his ear.
“Sherlock,” John said. “There’s no such thing as de-glowing potion, and what—what the hell are you talking about? Christ, what are you
“You remember what I told you in the cab, before the trial?”
“Do I seem not good?”
like him.
“All right, then, Jack. What’s Mycroft Holmes got on you?”
“What? Really?” Trying not to sound as hopeful as he feels.
By now, most of the students were listening. All eyes turned to the three Slytherin students, who had been just about to join hands over one of the cauldrons, and were now looking, John thought, a bit guilty.
“It’s nothing,” said Sherlock. “Are you all right? Was that—was it okay?”
“Excellent question,” says Brook, turning to her. “Forgive me for not mentioning it. The answer is yes, we are still airing, because, quite frankly, there’d be riots if we went completely dark, and also because people need to see what happens to Sherlock: how he comes around, how he escapes, so that things can be as normal as possible afterward, for him and all of us. So you should all still expect to be on camera when he’s around. Except,” and here he turns to me, “we’re shutting down transmissions from the private areas of 221 B itself—the bedrooms and bathrooms. I’ve always thought it was grotesque how they filmed him at home, so now that I’m in charge, I’m stopping it. His private life is now private.”
“We didn’t plan this case,” he hisses. “Mycroft didn’t. It’s a problem.”
“Ta,” John said, and slid the thing on with a little hiss.
“Well, you’re right,” Lady Stoner says, recovering her composure first. “My mother saw to it that all these old paintings were documented. You’re looking at Laurence Stoner, Third Viscount Hinsdale. He did serve in India and the Far East, and then he came back here and got married. He was my great grandfather. There’s always been a whiff of scandal about him, but I don’t have any more detail than that.”
Stretched taut between these extremes, I miss my turn in the conversation.
“No, actually, I—“
Bad luck that their anniversary had fallen on a day when they both turned out to be Omega. That silly toy wasn’t going to be much fun for anyone tonight. Perhaps that was why Sherlock felt so awkward about it. But, of course, there was more to it than that, if he were honest with himself. There was something he wanted to try with John, and he was worried that John wouldn’t enjoy it without a little extra
[ Need to straighten out Mrs Hudson]
Again that boyish grin. “Well, it’s pretty clear you two couldn’t be pried apart by anything short of a crowbar, so, no, I’m not worried.”
seen the news boss?
Five minutes since, lying alone on his back on the bed, he got the toy fully situated inside himself.
John moved his hot mouth close to Sherlock’s ear. “Tell him he can have me,” he whispered, and Sherlock was on solid ground again. He knew what game they were playing. He slid his hands down to John’s buttocks, opening him.
“How? By—jesus, what are you…huh—“
The twinkly wall is inset with several trim-looking doors, but the butler leads me to the larger door at the end of the hallway. His quiet tap is answered from within, and I am admitted. Mycroft’s office is large, fitted with more slowglass windows, these showing a Caribbean beach scene. The furnishings are sleek and new, low tables and chairs and aerodynamic sofas upholstered in grey and chartreuse. It’s not clear which piece of furniture might be Mycroft’s desk. When I come in, he’s sitting with his feet up on a grey ottoman, lounging back to view a large television screen mounted on the wall.
“Spy on me,” John said. “Anywhere.”
Only, now, Sherlock at home is different, because I’m there.  We chat, we bicker.  I blow my top about the contents of the fridge, he insults my writing.  I compliment his violin playing.  He plays while I cook dinner.  He antagonizes me and shows off to me and sometimes doesn’t speak for hours at a time.  I wonder if more people watch us during these scenes than they used to do, and I wonder if anyone misses that old serenity of Sherlock at home alone.
“In a word: yes.”
He gives me a sly, sideways look, but we never do get around to naming the stakes.
The screen shows an oblique view of our room in the Cross Keys, all the floral pinks and greens washed out in the night-vision film. The bed’s not in the shot—just the chintz armchair and the little desk—but the rise and fall of voices can be heard, mine and Sherlock’s, alternating. I can just catch a word here and there, enough to tell me what’s going on, and nauseous dread crawls up my spine.
“No, look, all I was going to say is that, whatever happens, I’m with you. A hundred percent.”
In early April of 1998, John was captured. He was taken to a dungeon beneath an old castle that belonged to a pureblood family of ancient name. What need had they for their Dark Lord, John wondered, when they already had wealth and power beyond what ordinary folk could hope for? In that place, they broke his wand (oak, eleven inches, dragon heartstring, firm). In that place, he was tortured. In that place, Dementors toyed with him, sipping his soul away drop by drop, so that he would have lost his own name and succumbed to madness, if not for the one thing he still had, the one secret thing they could not find and could not take away: the little vial of Panacea Potion, which he had carried with him for so long that it thought itself a part of him and was thus invisible. In that dark place he drank it, drop by drop, to renew what his tormentors took from him, and so he lived until, on the day he drank the last drop and finally despaired, Voldemort was destroyed at the Battle of Hogwarts. After that, he only knew they no longer came to hurt him, and he slept, and starved, and was finally found and freed three days after the victory.
Saint Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries was Europe’s premier institution of its kind. John was challenged there in ways he never could have predicted. It was a far cry from the sleepy business of Madam Pomfrey’s hospital wing, though John was by no means ungrateful for the guidance and experience she had given him. He used his strong knowledge of potions and charms every day, and transfiguration and herbology came in handy at least every week or two. His mentors all agreed that he excelled at his work, and there was no doubt in anyone’s mind that he would go on to become a well respected healer.
Bending to pick it up, he saw his name written on it in Sherlock’s neat hand. He felt a little stab of hope not unlike the stab of the airplane; perhaps Sherlock would like to spend a little time with him today? But when he opened it to read the note inside, his heart sank to the bottom of his feet.
He gives a harsh little laugh. “That’s what I’m afraid of.” But he pulls my arm down around his waist, snugging himself back up against me, and I tighten the embrace, holding him. He is shivering.
Lestrade is sitting in the audience across from me, arms crossed, looking stormy. Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Donovan, and Anderson are there, too, as well as plenty of others I don’t recognize. I don’t know any of the jurors, the solicitors, or the judge. Are all of these people important?
He means everything by it:
Listen! Mikabee aka The Most Beautiful Human being in the world made a video??? For my fic??? This is amazing??? It's soooo good! I wanted to add it as a chapter update rather than just in the author's note to make sure that anyone subscribed to this fic gets to see it, because it's amazing!
At first, there’s just—nothing. Nothing but my hot, unassuageable anger. The calls I made whilst sitting in the bare flat take a few days to come to fruition. I spend a couple of nights in a police safehouse outside of Leeds, before they chuck me out on my own. Under an assumed name, with collar up and hat down and shades on, I check into a cheap motel. I spend two days locked in my room there before I get a call from a man called Preston, who heard from a fellow who heard from one of my old army mates that I was in need of accommodations meeting certain criteria. Once we’ve settled on a price, Preston sends a rather Mycroftian car to take me into my seclusion.
“Sherlock will notice.”
“Of course there must be hundreds of things that nobody’s ever done to you because they’re unpleasant, or even just silly.”
,” he moans. I sink in a little deeper, and he gasps and bucks up against me. God, I’m inside him, and he is
He feels himself beginning to slip into a doze, warm and easy in the arms of his conundrum.
“Loads,” John says, rather quietly.
I have no idea what any of this means.
Twenty-five minutes since he got into the shower.
“Making breakfast?” John asked.  Sherlock grunted in what could have been amusement.
The only time they had anything like a close encounter was on the school trip to Hogsmeade. John was walking down the street with Cory Brogan. Cory’s parents were both Muggles, and he had a Muggle music playing device with him, something called a
“It was diverting enough.” Sherlock shrugs.
Without waiting for their reply, he let himself out of the compartment and began walking down the center of the swaying train, looking into each compartment as he went. He knew Sherlock was going home for the holiday, so he must be on this train somewhere. John walked all the way to the front of the train, then turned back past the compartment where he’d been sitting and started heading for the back. He finally found Sherlock in the second to last car. He was alone, reading.
On December 27th, there is a glitch in the flat’s wifi connection. Sherlock clicks the wifi icon on his laptop screen, and notices a new secure network is available to join. IAPHONE, it’s called. Intriguing. He gets the password in two tries: p4n0pt1c0n. He takes a deep, slow breath.
. And it wasn’t real.”
“Christ,” Greg said.
doing anything, we just need privacy because I don’t want to reject him on camera. We’ll talk, he’ll understand, he’ll pull himself together, and nobody will see anything too raw—
John took a long, slow breath. And another. Sherlock clasped his hands beneath his chin, listening. John wasn’t really ready to talk about this. But he would. He would talk.
His coat spread out like wings, Sherlock hangs suspended in the air. The noise of the crowd cuts off abruptly, changed to the silence of an indrawn breath. At first it looks like he won’t make it, but then the ladder swings again and he—catches. He holds on, begins to climb. And with that dark, lone figure strung beneath, the helicopter lifts away. Safe. Free.
Sherlock had led them to a small clearing, in the center of which stood an old grey stone, its edges marked with deeply carved lines.  Even ignorant as he was, John could tell that it was ancient; a sense of age seemed to radiate from it, like a voice whispering of when the world was young.
Snape shook his head slowly—almost sadly, as it seemed to John. “I’m sorry, Mr. Watson. There’s nothing I or anyone can tell you. You must look to your future, not your past.”
“Of course,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock shifts in his chair. About nine hours since John spanked him to a rosy glow, came between his thighs, and left him aching. In every sense of that word. Gorgeous bastard. Sherlock shifts again. They’d both been alpha, then, and he got off on the denial, but, he tells himself, he’s not much appreciating it now. He’d like very much to get on with things.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, when it was done.
“You most certainly could, and I suggest you do, unless you want to know what I can tell you by that stain on your jacket pocket.”
“Well, that leaves one obvious answer.”
To Sherlock Holmes, she is always
finally
me to touch him.
“So demanding,” Greg chided. “Good Omegas say please, don’t they?”
Sherlock sniffs. “She’ll do.”
And John gives Sherlock’s freshly shaved cheek a surprisingly gentle caress, and walks away.
“No,” I say, at the same time as Sherlock says, “Starting to.”
The only time they ever met on a weekend was a Saturday in early December. John was sleeping in. Actually, he was lying half awake, debating with himself whether Liam Little, snoring three beds away, would stay asleep long enough for John to have a quiet wank. Or, was Liam faking sleep in hopes that John would finally get up so that he could pull the same trick? It had been known to happen. John had not yet reached a conclusion when a tapping at the window caught his attention. He pulled the bed curtains aside to look, and saw a paper airplane—a parchment airplane, really—tapping its sharp nose urgently against the glass. John lifted the sash to let it in, whereupon it stabbed itself futilely against his chest and then dropped to the floor, exhausted.
,” Mycroft said. “Away from your House, away from your family--you’re vulnerable as a chick fallen out of its nest.”
did you get the painting
“It was our potion,” he said at last. “At the end of the year you left, I had—I had brewed up your Panacea potion, the same as my own. All the groups of three had their final potions combined when they went into the stores. Snape put yours and mine together, and he gave me a little bit of it to keep. I carried it with me after that, as a kind of good luck charm, I suppose.”
He settles back, observing me seriously.
And on top of all that, there’s the problem of John. He’s grateful that Panopticon—as he has termed the whole situation in his mind—is at least interesting enough to divert his mind from running in circles over that other conundrum. Assuming the two problems aren’t one and the same.
Dear Sherlock,
“Wait,” I say.
“Sherlock, what are we doing here?” John asked.
“Yeah,” John said. They disengaged enough to make their way, still touching, to Sherlock’s big bed. Sherlock pulled aside the chestnut-colored curtain to reveal the bedclothes still all rumpled from the night before. John chuckled at the comfortable disarray, and fell back willingly onto the wrinkled sheets. Sherlock fell with him, and kissed him again, getting his hands up under John’s shirt. Sherlock was still wearing his professorial robes, on top of a trim waistcoat, shirt, and trousers. The robes made a dark, enveloping tent over them both, and John felt deliciously wicked undoing his clothes underneath it. Sherlock never stopped kissing him, his mouth and cheeks and neck and ears, until John had got him totally unbuttoned. Then John gave him a gentle push back, and Sherlock sat up astride him, all his layers unpeeled and falling back gloriously from his chest and shoulders, his pale skin golden in the dim light. With that, and his dark tousled hair and pale eyes and bitten-pink lips, John hardly knew where to begin.
We take the leftover scones and strawberries into the sitting room with our tea.
The last room at the end of the hall is just like every other servants’ bedroom: two old, narrow bedsteads without mattresses, one spindly chair, one cheaply built wooden chest, not locked, one small window admitting a feeble beam of overcast daylight, and one intact layer of ancient dust. He’s just turning to go back downstairs when, under his heel, a floorboard shifts and rattles in a very particular way. Crouching down to look, he finds that it has indeed been loosened, probably so that something can be hidden underneath it.
Oh...very well.  John took it.  Sherlock’s chilled fingers wrapped around his hand, and then Sherlock laid his other hand upon the stone.
he was
She smiles. Her phone chimes, and she checks it. “Ah, Sherlock’s on his way. We need to have a conversation fit for him to overhear. The idea’s that I’ve brought you here to try to convince you to help get my phone back, but of course you’re going to refuse. Ready?"
. To a fault.
I try to reason with him, but he lashes out at me. When he gets around to “I don’t have friends,” it’s finally more than I can take. It’s either get myself away from him or explode with everything that’s inside me—the truth. But I can’t, I can’t, not yet—it’s too much. I leave him there, alone with his delusions.
The cab doesn’t stop. It’s the ninth or tenth to pass by, which is unheard of in Sherlock’s London.
up in there, improbable, so lovely, deep like John’s cock when he’s alpha, but this is thicker, only it doesn’t quite give him what he really…really…
I flip through the shots again, trying to imagine Sherlock in them. Nothing worth bothering with in the common rooms. Bedroom: maybe. Bathroom…
“Hmm, doubt it.”
It’s really not so bad on the inside. The kitchen is quite new, and the furnishings are comfortable. There’s no evidence of water damage, so I can only assume that the holes in the roof look worse than they are.
“Wait a moment,” he said.  Sherlock reached into his pocket and took out a small object, handing it to John.
As John made his way to the worktable and opened his book, he wondered whether they were actually going to spend the entire year working on this one potion. But once he read the instructions, he understood. The first step was just to mix up a bunch of ingredients and say a couple of incantations. The mixture would then steep for 99 days, at which time there was another few day’s worth of active work, followed by another long rest. The first step was to measure out a large beaker of honey and then add a pinch of powdered unicorn horn. As he worked, John cast a surreptitious glance at Sherlock’s workspace. It looked like he was working on the same potion, and not some project of his own.
This gives me no kind of satisfaction, but of course he goes on his merry way.
I sigh, lay my head on his heart for a moment, collect myself. “No.”
“Haven’t you got a phone call to make?” he asked the salesman.
He groans again, wordless but enthusiastic, and ruts harder against my wrist. It’s a fantasy—god, I remember what he asked for, what he wants.
So, with infinite care, Sherlock prepared John to meet his lover: kissing him, petting him, licking his nipples to hardness, fingering him slickly open and marking him with two firm, bruising bites, one on his throat and one high up on his inner thigh. As the appointed time drew near, John was shaking with want, his eyes watering, his breath coming in harsh half-sobs.
Thinking of you a lot. I hope you have a nice Christmas.
“We could put your bed over here,” Sherlock said. “Maybe make a little alcove out of the bookshelves. Or we could magic up some walls if you need more privacy—“
“Rather than begin the course with a lecture,” Snape began, without preamble, “we will go straight to the benches and begin preparing a draught of Panacea Potion. This process will take until the end of the year to complete, and will constitute your final exam, accounting for a considerable portion of your grade in this class. Panacea potion is one of the most powerful healing draughts known to wizardkind. Needless to say, the ingredients are exceedingly rare and precious. Should you make an error, you will not be issued any additional supplies. You will work individually, without talking. You will find the recipe on page two hundred and ninety-seven of Collingwood’s
But Sherlock was already up and dashing for the stairs.
Sherlock tries to draw him out on the subject, but John is terse—nervous or angry, maybe. There’s a new barrier between them, a result of Sherlock’s words and actions, and after a few moments he finds that he cannot bear it. He can’t yet tell John that he and Henry Knight were drugged—it would spoil the experiment he has planned—but he has to do something to fix this.
“Yeah, well, it sure as hell wasn’t yours.” He grimaces. We’ve been over this quite a lot: what was his fault and what wasn’t, what he could have done differently and what he couldn’t. He still loses sleep over it, sometimes, but I’m fairly sure he’s gotten over the urge to leave me for my own good.
But then: the Hound. The engine of his thoughts whirrs and stutters to a stop. Wrong, he’s been wrong. What’s missing? If it’s not a drug, then it’s a hoax, and a complicated one, much more than could be managed by an ambitious young tour guide with a good story. This would take planning, power, resources. A concentrated effort to make Sherlock Holmes doubt his sanity. Who would have that kind of ability, that kind of genius? Who would have the motivation?
Maybe he would have asked, if they had ever met outside of their very explicitly designated study times. But, although John invited Sherlock to do things all the time, he never accepted. They only ever met in busy public places—usually the library—and only when there was a time constraint. Sherlock never wanted to meet up with John and just…be. He was a bit hurt by that, to be honest. He
“It’s not even that,” said John. “I…liked it. I can imagine wanting it sometimes. I just didn’t know what to expect. I dunno. I need to think about it for a while.”
he tells himself.
“Well, I didn’t know it would be you, but I knew it
I have nothing else to tell you that is remotely consequential. Being home is tremendously boring. It would be more interesting if you were here. Tell me about your Christmas as well, if you’d like.
Sherlock is letting me touch him.
“Be nice to have her acknowledge my existence,” John says. Then, “Sherlock, have you been reading baby books?”
He puzzles over it all through the silent black-car ride to Mycroft’s office. The IAPHONE wireless signal. Panopticon. When she mentions Moriarty, a piece clicks into place. Two flash drives. Two phones. Whatever the phone in his pocket means, he must keep it secret. Now he only needs the password. Perhaps he’s been working too hard. Perhaps he was meant to figure it out ages ago.
“No,” he says.
He sets down his chopsticks with a decisive click. “By all means.”
“Yeah,” John said.
“Unknown Wizard,” Holly went on, “you are under arrest on suspicion of brewing illegal mind-altering potions for profit.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. Then, more sharply, “Yes. Well, it may have some bearing. We have some leads we’ll be looking into tomorrow morning. May we be shown to our rooms, please?”
“I know a fellow at Hogwarts,” he mused. “The new Potions master, since Snape died. He wrote and asked me to keep an ear open for anyone who might…well. The Defense Against the Dark Arts post is open.”
“The position, of course! Dark arts! Are you doing it?”
“I’m done with the paper, if you’d like it,” John says.
“Proud enough to try you on, perhaps,” he said.  “Too proud to run away.”
“Actually, I was wondering if you knew anything about what happened to Sherlock Holmes. Where he is or—or anything?”
“My dear,” he said, “if it weren’t for the urgency of our errand—“
“God, stop, stop,” he pants. “There’ll be a mess.”
I wish I could turn on the light and see how he looks as I do this to him, but, no. This is a shadowy thing, what I’m doing. Darkness is better.
Head spinning, I go. Sherlock’s already taken care of the problem by the time I arrive. Mrs. Hudson has real bruises on her wrists, and she’s kept the phone out of Mycroft’s hands.
“No—on my own.”
“Connections, deductions, timetables. Completely elementary.”
“Hey,” I say to him, low. He turns his starlit face to me, and there’s that openness again, that expectation. “C’mere.”
“No?”
“No I haven’t.”
“S-sorry?”
“That would be the kindest thing, surely,” Mycroft says, but he doesn’t stop the video or move in any way. I stand awkwardly for a moment, then meander around the room a little, pretending to examine things while in reality straining my ears, wanting with an unseemly desperation to know just how much the microphones picked up.
“I mean now. Now, for real.” He finds my eyes, and kisses me, and reaches down between us to rub my cock, fumbling in his urgency. “I know you’ve thought of it. Do you want to? I want to.”
“And if you win?”
“I was alone a lot, too,” he says, echoing my thought. “At first—after my parents died—I was unhappy. But I came to prefer it.”
, but he could no longer bear not asking. “Can I kiss you, Sherlock?”
“What?” John asked, his voice quiet. Intimate. They were close together.
“Waiting,” Sherlock said.  “Be patient.”
He might be still smiling, but Sherlock’s eyes are closed again, so he can concentrate on…that…spot…
“Are you all right, love? You seem a bit distracted.” Sounds of footsteps coming near, and then he opens his eyes to John’s fingers softly brushing the hair back from his forehead. “Christ, you’re burning up. Can a I get you a paracetamol? Draw you a cool bath, maybe?”
“No.”
My jumper is under Sherlock’s overnight bag, which is lying open on the chintz armchair to one side of the bed. As I pick up the bag to move it, something catches my eye. In an unzipped side pocket is Irene’s phone. The fact that he brought it here with him is enough to draw my attention, and when I look closer, I see…its twin. Two phones. Two identical Irene Adler camera phones.
I know that you’re. You know. But if the others thought—”
He was just considering lighting some candles when someone banged open the door. Stone walls, heavy wood—no approaching footsteps to warn him. John was on his feet with his wand out before he could think.
It doesn’t take long. The restaurant greeter almost drops her tablet when she sees us walk in the door, and our waiter is equally excited, though he hides it better. After leaving us the wine list he comes back to ask in a hushed tone whether we would mind if the head chef came out to speak with us. Heads are turning at the other tables. I see at least three cellphones being held at discreetly photographic angles. So. We’re having the intended effect.
, he said. Maybe he’d just as soon not have me around, putting that kind of burden on him.
“I’m sure Mycroft wishes I were,” she says. “But my contract stipulates that my involvement will continue. I’m going to be brought back.”
He opens his eyes and gives me a long, level look, then lets go of my hand and goes to rummage in the desk drawer. “We’re leaving,” he says. “Better bring the gun.” He comes up with Irene’s phone—the live one. I get the gun from its hiding place and tuck it into my waistband under my jacket. We leave the flat and go down the stairs. To my surprise, he takes my hand again in the foyer, and we go out like that, into the night.
“You were brilliant today,” I say.
Bach’s Sonata no. 1 in G minor. As I ascend the stairs, his violin stops, pauses, starts again. We understand each other. We have communicated, he and I, deeply and subtly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, thank God,” Sherlock said.
“Just asking.” He doesn’t respond, too focused on what my fingers are doing. I watch his face as I press two fingertips carefully against him, and then ever so slowly inside. His eyelids flutter shut, and then his lips part on a couple of quick, gasping breaths. Then he slits his eyes open again and watches me watching him.
“Maybe, uh…something to blow your nose on?”
“He is inexperienced in these—matters, as you know. Therefore, he is incautious. Prodigal. You could ask anything of him—he has no defenses, no reserves. Do I make myself clear?”
I lean down onto my elbows, which means Sherlock has to lift his feet right up to keep the angle, and gravity pulls me further into him. He gives a deep, unsteady sigh, and reaches his hands around to grip my buttocks. I’d like to kiss him, but the fact is, I’m shorter than he is, so my mouth ends up in the vicinity of his collar bone. I settle for kissing that.
I look up to find a woman standing nearby, wearing a belted coat, skirt, and heels. She’s smoking a cigarette. She’s tall, nice smile, dark hair filled with motion in the wind—entirely my type. My game is not strong at the moment, but I wave mutely to the bench beside me. I’m not sure whether the distraction is welcome or not.
“Mm, you should come over when we’re switched,” John said. “What we just did, Sherlock would
doesn’t think so,” Sherlock said.  “But one can march out of step with the crowd without being morally reprehensible, I should hope.”
“Sherlock.” Without entirely meaning to, I reach a hand out to touch his waist. His hand flies up to cover it, grasping my fingers.
—hand on my flies, shoving down and
“He won’t disappear,” Brook says. “He’s still here, trapped in his office—besieged, you might say. But Sherlock won’t notice any difference, because Mycroft Holmes has no choice but to keep playing his part, as long as he has any hope that we might fail.”
The next day, Sherlock had a visitor.  They were at their usual stations when the bell rang: Sherlock bent over some project on the kitchen table, John reading in his chair.  Sherlock straightened when he heard the sound, and John looked at him inquiringly.  A scowl crept over Sherlock’s face as they listened to Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, opening the door and offering to show the newcomer up the stairs.  A silky male voice declined, and Sherlock’s scowl deepened.  Before the visitor’s footsteps reached the top of the stairs, Sherlock did an odd thing: he came and sat down in the armchair opposite John’s, picking up the newspaper and assuming an attitude of perfect nonchalance.  John decided to take his cue from Sherlock, and remained where he was.
“Yes.”
His fingertips slide and press beneath the corner of my jaw. He takes my pulse. The jig is up.
Sherlock’s face crinkled up. John realized what he’d just said and suppressed a giggle.
“What do you need Mycroft for?” I ask.
“All perfectly healthy and normal,” John said, with a crooked smile. The silicon was a shade that they had laughingly dubbed “hygienic beige”. A black sex toy was
He shuts the door behind him, leaving me and Greg alone on the pavement.
“To a first approximation.”
“Enough time for what?”
John let out a long half-growl, and Sherlock knew that he was genuinely reaching a new pitch of desperation. “Please,” he rumbled, grudgingly.
“I…hnn. I just—I’m not experienced at this.”
Heat floods my cheeks. I wonder how many people heard that. “Cheeky,” I say. “All right.”
“But I was going to tell you in the morning--”
“Really? But isn’t he, like—“
“I did try to warn you. This is why we have the golden rule.” He steeples his fingers, swivels his chair away from me. “Well, I doubt it’ll go on much longer. Do you think it will work, Brook’s plan? That Sherlock will come to terms with the truth on his own?”
“Oh…kay,” John said. “Want to meet here again? Around two?”
“Not exactly,” she purrs.  “So, John, is he a good kisser?”
“Notice anything else curious?”
“Bit further,” I correct him, breathless.
Sherlock had unhooked John’s belt and was busily working his hand into John’s fly.
The curtains were heavy. The air was thick with their breath.
“I want to wind you up,” Sherlock said. “Get you so on edge, so when he touches you—“
John Watson knows I’m not a real threat.  In fact, when we met, he recognized me from my stage career, which was sweet.  It did make me feel a bit safer, considering how things went down with that first fellow, the cabbie.  John has an itchy trigger finger.  But in this case, it’s Sherlock who has the gun; predictable enough that he’d bring it with him to the pool.  He’s no fool, after all.  I’m wearing kevlar, just in case, but it sill sets my hair on end a little, having a real gun pointed at me.  Only the first of many, I’m sure.
“I just want to know if I…did I do the right thing?”
Anger rose in John’s throat. “How is that possibly fair?”
Sherlock is more than ready to have the police bureaucracy over with. The two children—rather dim specimens, really—have been treated for shock, not that they seemed to need it, and released back into the care of their supposed parents. Whom they don’t resemble, really, and in fact this whole case has been a bit fishy from the beginning. Overdramatic. Staged. He needs to think.
“No, thanks, it’s fine,” John said lightly. “I can hang around until you’re done. Tell me about the case.”
“Want you in me,” John said. A simple truth about what he liked, but his cheeks heated up anyway.
A couple of seconds later:
“Yes, yes, I’m well aware.” He waves her objections away. “I’ll get someone. You can stop worrying about it.”
“So Sherlock Holmes?”
And then Sherlock Holmes blundered out the door of Scrivenshaft’s quill shop and straight into John, sending both of them sprawling. The bag Sherlock was carrying flew out of his hand and several bottles of ink rolled out on the pavement.
and lived to tell the tale!
“Sorry, yes,” said John, taking the extended hand. “Mike, of course.”
“No.”
I wish I could see better.  I wish I could hear what they were saying, but I can’t.  All I can see is Sherlock holding up the little pill.  I take the gun out of my waistband, feel the weight of it.  The gun is real.  What else is real?
.” He exhales roughly as I lay my hand along his bare hardness, there in the close, humid place inside his clothes. Sparse hair brushes against my knuckles. His testicles are pushed slightly forward by his closed thighs, the skin of his scrotum silkily mobile under my fingertips. Sliding up, I find him uncircumcised. I give the foreskin a single roll over the head, and Sherlock’s whole body shudders.
“Yeah, fuck, shit, yeah,” John moaned, and he was losing it. Lestrade gave a hard growl and started to come, teeth bared, his shoulders like rocks. John yelped, thrashing on the invading knot, his fluid dribbling onto Sherlock’s stomach. Hardly thinking about what he was doing, Sherlock took hold of John’s hips and centered himself below John’s bouncing prick. He pressed up and, the very second there was room, he shoved in, right in alongside Lestrade’s softening cock, shockingly tight and slippery. John whined, but not in protest.
“I don’t know bloody
The restaurant we’ve chosen is adjacent to Hyde Park, inside a hotel whose name is the same as its address. It’s a French cuisine place; the website showed a long dining room with high ceilings and round chandeliers and a lot of tall white curtains. Supposedly it’s a place one goes to spot celebrities. As our car pulls up at the end of our four-hour drive, we prepare to be spotted.
They had drifted apart in their sleep. Sherlock slipped out of bed and back into the sitting room to retrieve the present from its shopping bag, and he also, quietly, got the lube out of the bottom drawer.
“Yeah. Agreed.”
“Do it.
Having no better response to hand, John set down his bag and went to pick up the object Sherlock had indicated.  It was, indeed, a branch of holly; three branches, to be exact, bound together at their cut ends by a leather cord, which also played the role of a handle.  The sprigs were lush with glossy, thorn-tipped leaves and clusters of bright red berries.
“God, you’re lovely,” John said, and Sherlock laughed at him.
Whether Sherlock meant this kindly or unkindly, John could not tell, but he took his single bag and mounted the stairs to his room. (A lot of stairs in this house, but he could manage.)  It was a small room, but pleasant, with a plain double bed, a sloping ceiling, and a fireplace in one wall, straight above the one in the sitting room.  A single tall window looked out on the street.  When John checked his view, he noticed sprigs of red berries--he didn’t know what kind--tacked up at all four corners of the window, outside the glass.  Magician stuff, he supposed.  It felt as if the room were guarded; but whether against intrusion or escape, he could not say.
“I’m so wet,” John murmured, low, for Sherlock’s ears alone. “So soppy and soft, with your come in me already. His cock is covered in it. ’S dripping out.”
“Not particularly,” I say.
I consider this, consider her. “So what are you really like, underneath all of that? Would you flirt with Sherlock in the real world?”
“Thanks,” John said.
“Please,” Sherlock says again, although
“If it’s all right with her, I will,” John said. “What’s your name?”
This is illogic, hallucination, chemical. He forces the gears of logic back into place, strains his vision past the obscuring fog of lies until he sees what’s really there: Frankland, the obsessive, the killer.
“There,” said Sherlock, a little breathless.  “That should hold for a while.  Now help me unroll the rug, if you would.”
We’re standing in front of a bank of windows in an ultra-modern loft when we get the news that Mycroft has been arrested.
It’s April, now, and a hard, grey spring is clawing its way slowly from the English earth. Like the animals, I have been in hiding. But I have not been idle.
“Mm?” He gives an impatient wriggle.
“Just left me here alone,” John said, and upstairs Sherlock huffed out a breath, fought the urge to squirm. “But I’m
“Look, what’s going on? Why’s everyone crowded up here?”
“Yeah, sure. You’re on.”
“Yes.” Relieved.
“Why was the portrait taken down?” Sherlock asks.
“Ah, this is John Watson, my flatmate. John, this is my brother, Mycroft Holmes. So sorry you don’t have time to get to him know him, but I’m sure he was just leaving.”
“He told you that?”
“Yes,” said John.
“So,” he goes on, addressing the room. “You’ll all keep playing your parts for a while longer. I’ll keep steering our boy in the right direction, and when the crucial moment comes, we’ll make sure the escape hatch is open. Meanwhile, take a good look around you at the other people in this room. You’ve all been complicit in keeping Sherlock in the dark. Now I’m asking you to help me bring him into the light.”
. It is a refinement of the ideas behind the textbook he penned some five years ago.) If it is night, they may be in bed with the bedcurtains drawn, though Sherlock, in particular, keeps odd hours; we might catch him playing violin near the window by moonlight. But usually, especially if we look in on them after supper, or late in the morning on a Saturday, we will see John and Sherlock sitting together in their chairs by the fire, reading, talking, perhaps dozing off—for though they are not yet old, they are aging. John’s grey hairs hide gracefully among his sandy blond, but Sherlock has white streaks at his temples. Their friends might charitably say it makes him look distinguished, but John assures him he looks terrifying, and he plays now and then upon his intimidating looks to get respect from the unruly Ravenclaws over whom he presides as Head of House.
“So, can I write to you?” John asked.
John,
“I’m going to start paying you rent,” he said.  Really, that was all had intended to say, from the beginning.  Sherlock was silent, concentrating once more on his experiment.  John had a moment to start feeling silly.  Sherlock’s words echoed in his mind:
He visualizes the lock screen. I AM ____ LOCKED. Suddenly, it’s so obvious it hurts.
“Holmes?” I whispered.
UV GH
“Now, listen,” he goes on. “Can we call the detective on that case? Because I really don’t want to hear that some poor brown-skinned lady is going to get life in prison for killing that girl.”
They were sorry to see him go, but go he did. He didn’t find Auror training difficult; the discipline was no worse than what he had faced as a healing apprentice, and he had always been athletic and good at Defense Against the Dark Arts. He learned more about magical law, and about tactics, and after half a year of training he went into active duty.
“If you must,” Sherlock said. So John went in and sat down across from him. Sherlock looked up at him briefly, then back down at his book.
The car takes me to a stately, old-looking building. At first I can’t fathom what’s going on, until I spot a discreet plaque mounted above the door: Diogenes. Well, of bloody course. I knock on the door, and a butler—I mean, an honest-to-God butler—shows me into a well-appointed foyer. At this point, however, the veneer of a reputable gentlemen’s club breaks down slightly, because the door to the interior is fitted with a security keypad. The butler taps in a six-digit code, in response to which a panel of the wainscoting slides back to reveal a top-of-the-line retinal scanner. He peers into it, the bluish light incongruous in the old fashioned room, and the wood-paneled door makes a series of quiet mechanical clicks, then swings open to reveal a very much not wood-paneled corridor. The right-hand wall is covered with a delicately twinkling substance that I think I recall seeing in the design section of the Times before I was cast, and the left is set with a mind-bendingly expensive unbroken bank of slowglass windows looking out on a dramatic, mountainous landscape. These panes sat for a year in a mountainside slowglass farm, absorbing the rarefied alpine sun that streams into this hallway now, striking prismatic glints from the twinkly wall. It’s beautiful. It would blow Sherlock’s mind, considering that slowglass was only invented a few years ago and hasn’t been introduced into his world.
Sherlock considered this for a moment.  “Nothing that will do any harm,” he said, then waited for John’s answer.  John rolled his eyes.
Sherlock sighed. “That would be telling, John. If I reveal too much, it will spoil the effect. It was really a very minor spell, I assure you. And you’ve nothing to fear from
So John worked, and the months passed. The Christmas Holiday came and went, with its various familial obligations and awkward moments. John didn’t bring Sherlock home to meet his parents, but he did tell them about him, and his mum went so far as to profess herself happy for him. After the holiday, they dismantled John’s nook and got rid of the extra bed. Sometimes, when John woke up alone in the bed they shared, he could tell that Sherlock had played him out of a bad dream, but the violin always switched to a more ordinary tune before he opened his eyes. They never spoke of it directly.
Her smile has that not-quite-joking edge to it. I can’t deny being tempted. A night off would suit me very well. Tavistock’s hardly London, but at least it’s real, and private. We could have a bite, a drink somewhere, and then go back to her room. She has exactly the sort of long legs I’d love to have wrapped around me—
“I do apologize, John,” Sherlock said.  “My brother can aggravate me like no one else.”
John’s protest died on his lips as Sherlock paused at a gate in an iron fence.  Beyond the fence lay an overgrown yard or park.  John had passed by it many times without really noticing it, but it did seem odd, suddenly, for such a patch of derelict land to survive in the middle of London.  As he watched, Sherlock took a key from his pocket.  He set the key in the lock, then pulled his hand back, leaving the key.  Then, with a gesture and a murmured word, he turned the key in the lock, quite without touching it.  John stared.
Sherlock goes on ahead as I get Henry settled. Knight seems genuinely shaken up, not just acting. Something about this rings alarm bells in my head, but I can’t get any sense out of him, so I leave him with “something to help him sleep”—just Benadryl, actually, since I’m really not sure what his deal is—and then I go after Sherlock
Sound of John’s footsteps. Sherlock stills himself with an effort. The footsteps stop, and he cracks one eye open. John is leaned up casually against the shelves by the kitchen door, smiling with frank enjoyment, the small black remote held loosely in one hand.
“So, what, you’re just gonna let them push you around?” I shift in my seat, wanting action. “He trusts you, you know, you could—“
I pull the pants down farther, to where they’ll stay put, then take him gently in my hand. Warm. I can already feel the shape of it in my mouth. The close, strong smell of him is as familiar as my own skin.
I need to feel his skin. I move my hand to the flat of his stomach and slide it downward, lifting the waistband again. My fingertip grazes the head of his cock.
Sherlock tilts his head in acknowledgement.
he, Mike?  I thought they lived among their own kind.  In the army I used to run into them, but everyone said they couldn’t be hired except in groups, like...families, clans or something.”
“Yeah,” John said. “Yeah, please, more, your cock—
We’d be on camera. I’m on camera now, half hard and delirious in my bed.  Whatever we started in our shared bed at the Cross Keys, we can’t continue it here, where the surveillance is seamless, where not only Mycroft but the whole world will see everything that happens. The things I want to do with Sherlock do not belong on camera, and it’s not because I’m worried about my privacy or the sensibilities of the viewership.
He gives a skeptical huff. “No it wouldn’t, you’d hate it.
“Thanks,” she says, then takes a seat, crosses her legs, and blows smoke into the turbulent air. “Lovely night.”
stay in the chair, and he squirms out sideways to get his knees on the floor, not caring whether John gets out of the way or not; he just needs to get his arse up, needs to bury his face against the (damp, omega-self-smelling) chair cushion, and moan and whimper into the shelter of his own arms. He is everywhere wet, his overflowing arse and his desperately dripping cock and even his prickling, watering eyes. He knows his hips are pumping fruitlessly in front of the chair, right there for John to see and probably John is just going to let him go all to pieces without even…even….
She frowns at him. Sherlock smiles back.
“But fingers were nicer, eh?”
Now, like any barely competent student of Potions, John had read the full recipe before beginning work on the potion. However, he hadn’t exactly committed it to memory, and he was too worried about lost time to read ahead again right now, so he simply dove into following the instructions. He was working so hard on preparing and adding the many complicated ingredients that he didn’t notice, at first, that some of the other students were leaving their benches. It was only when he reached step thirty-three, “let three gode Wyzards joyn left handes above the myxture and saye Brunhylde’s Blessynge,” that he looked up and realized he needed to find two partners.
Sherlock, I need you, I don’t think I can wait—“
,” Sherlock interjected, almost shouting now.
It was a chilly January night. We had followed a young woman, a Miss Green, whom we suspected of hiding evidence related to the disappearance of a prominent banker, down to the river’s edge. We ducked into the shadow of a coal bin to watch her movements. There was a little wooden wharf there, and she walked out onto it, a penetrating gust of wind tugging at her mantle. Holmes gripped my arm tightly. As we watched she rummaged under her cloak and took out a small object which she clutched in her hand. She extended her arm and dropped her prize straight down into the water. It glinted faintly in the lamplight before plunging below the sluggish surface of the water. Her errand done, she turned on her heel and started back the way she had come, passing within a yard of our hiding place.
“You didn’t notice either, did you?” He shoots me a sidelong grin. “Nobody did, and nobody will until the paintings expert gets to work at three o’clock. She just took in that lot of Romantic landscapes yesterday—I saw it in the ledger. There were six paintings in the lot, but only five on display, rearranged to hide the gap. I’ll bet you whatever you like that I can find the missing one before the crime is reported to the police.”
Fucking hell. I’d rather stab myself with a rusty fork than get into one of Mycroft’s creepy cars right now, but it’s not as though I have any choice. I go and get dressed, and I’m on the kerb when the car pulls up. I have the phone with me, as there’s no longer any point in pretending it doesn’t exist. For one wild moment I considered bringing the gun, but that would just give him an excuse to take it away from me, which I really don’t want.
“Wow,” I say. “That’s amazing.”
Lestrade went on talking, but Sherlock was only half listening, distracted by John. Doubly distracted, in fact, by Lestrade’s reaction to John. He kept glancing up at John as he spoke, as though looking for his approval. Sherlock might as well not have been there, as far as Lestrade was concerned. John nodded along, offering the occasional observation and sipping his coffee calmly. Only now and then he caught Sherlock’s eye, amused and…testing. Checking his reaction. Sherlock could have growled at Greg, could have reminded him with a sharp word or a shift in posture just who it was that John belonged to. But something in John’s reactions stopped him. Sherlock arched a wry eyebrow, let John see that he didn’t disapprove—and then, the next time Greg gave him one of those hungry looks, John met his eyes, and smiled, and just let his fingers wander up into his hairline, and Greg stopped talking, right in the middle of a sentence. The silence ticked on. Greg swallowed.
“I—I regret this,” he said, through chattering teeth.
“Oh. Sure.”
“Tell him whatever you like. Just make it clear that he’ll never see the woman again. If he wants to examine the mobile, let him. He’ll see that it’s wiped completely clean. He can keep it, for all I care.”
Some time later, John falls asleep in his seat on the train. Sherlock looks up from his phone when he hears the change in his breathing. Some people become more beautiful when sleeping, but John Watson isn’t one of those, at least as far as Sherlock is concerned. Bereft of animating spirit, his features are slack and plain. He looks older, not younger. On an impulse, Sherlock coughs loudly and jabs John with his elbow. John grunts awake.
“I’d have…well. I’d still have been your friend, I hope. With luck.”
“No? What do they usually say?”
“So, yes, I do get…territorial. Fiercely. And so I like the thought of other people. Touching you.”
“There you are,” John’s voice says, and Sherlock’s adrenaline spike slides away into something almost warm.
Irene Adler.  Irene Adler.  Why is this her name?  Why does she have the same name as the woman in the stories?
“Of course you matter,” I say, and this much of the truth, at least, I can tell him. “You’re brilliant. You’re so…
“Move in—? What do you mean?”
“Yes…
. It's a very useful thing!
Lestrade sighs. “I’m supposed to try and take him back to the station, keep an eye on him. Make sure he doesn’t…you know.”
And just as it does finally end, as the pleasure of the inhuman throbbing inside him threatens to turn into torture, John hits the switch and it
The helicopter banks left, and Sherlock turns positively green. Without conscious bidding, my hand creeps out onto the seat between us. Sherlock snaps it up in his and just about breaks my fingers with the strength of his grip. We go on like this for some minutes before our flight path levels out, and Sherlock’s hand relaxes but doesn’t let go.
“Oh do keep up, John. We’ve been working against Mycroft for quite some time now. Sherlock is already beginning to suspect.”
“The one who was in the gents’ with you. You must have noticed her.”
“Of course,” John said. “Why wouldn’t I?”
“I’m pretty good in Charms. Want me to quiz you?”
Sherlock thought about refusing, just to see what would happen. He dragged his feet off the desk, and rolled the chair around to the other side, next to John, without getting out of it. Lestrade thumped his coffee down on the desk with a weary sigh and dragged one of the other chairs into its place.
He seems anxious to get them out from under Sherlock’s eye. I’ve put it together of course: Uncle Billy is Billy from Grimpen, from Baskerville. “Friends in high places,” indeed—Billy must have run to Brook when Mycroft’s threats started rolling in. Or, no, he wouldn’t have known about Brook, so Brook must have come to him. The nephew’s snub nose and blonde hair make for quite a strong family resemblance, one that Sherlock can hardly have failed to notice.
I’ve thought of it. It just didn’t seem like I could…could put him in that position, before. But now…“How—how should we? Like now, right now, or—?”
We get on with the pistols. “Transparent,” Sherlock says, and solves the case by noon. As a reward, we get to try out the pistols. We each hold a toy gun at arm’s length, aiming at each other. They are tiny, extravagant little works of art covered in silver filigree and polished wood that shines like gold. My fingernail scarcely fits on the trigger. On the count of three we shoot, and two minuscule birds with real feathers emerge, bobbing and flicking their tails, whistling a mechanical duet. Even Sherlock gets a chuckle out of it. They’ll be worth even more now that he’s handled them. I wonder if Mycroft has a buyer lined up already.
if I did I wouldn’t give it to you
Sherlock wakes up on the sofa. He must have been more tired than he thought. The morning is bright and hazy, and John is in the kitchen trying to clatter the pans as softly as possible, humming something under his breath. Sherlock lies still a while, listening: John slicing bread, cracking eggs, his cat’s-tongue voice rasping around the edges of the tune. Probably doesn’t even know he’s doing it. The kettle boils.
“It’s the best view,” he says. “We  heard something was going to happen up on the roof.”
“You mean…Irene Adler.”
“Starting when?” I ask, nuzzling.
I say the first thing that pops into my head. “Tell him you’re alive.”
“Mr. Holmes, they were the footprints of a gigantic hound.”
Sherlock scowled in a way that suggested John’s guess had struck close to home.  “It isn’t like that.”
“Ah, God!” John cried. “Yeah, Sherlock, fuck, do it, I’m—“
Quite different from himself and John, already living together, already familiar with each other’s best and worst qualities.
“It’s perfectly apparent that you can’t afford to pay a fair share of the rent, which would suggest that this arrangement benefits you disproportionately.  Sherlock is not in the habit of handing out favors, particularly ones as inconvenient as I assume a mundane flatmate must be.  Therefore, I assume he gets something out of you in return.  Tell me, what is it?”
“Of course it’s
John frowned, remembering.  “It’s...sort of an animal, isn’t it?  Like when a witch has a black cat?”
“No,” Sherlock said. “He can’t. It’s incredible.” He ground his hips into John’s against the wall, let John feel how hard he was. “Do you want him, too? Does he excite you?”
Once inside, John stripped to the skin and got straight into bed, and Sherlock did the same. They fucked again immediately, though more slowly this time, and this time Sherlock wrapped John up in his arms and called him
“Wouldn’t you?”  Mycroft rounded on him.  “You’ve defiled and disobeyed enough of our customs; I wouldn’t put it past you.  Is that why you’re so anxious to protect your precious privacy?”
John climbed to the landing, where a door stood ajar.  Uncertain, he knocked.
you are too kind.
“You’re quite lucky I didn’t knock you out, you know,” said John.  “I have combat training and post-traumatic nightmares. It’s really not a good idea to wake me up suddenly.”
In the old days, it had been easy for Omegas who experienced pseudo-oestrus to track their cycles. It was rare to encounter them in public during their heats, because the usual advice given them by doctors and loved ones was to simply stay home, and they could plan ahead to get out of their responsibilities for the duration. Nowadays, it was more complicated. John had to track the number of hours he spent as an Omega, and since he couldn’t predict when those hours would fall, he couldn’t predict his heat with any real accuracy. He was lucky to work in an office with enough flexibility to accommodate his irregular absences.
“Oh my god, you’re
So Sherlock set his hand on John’s hip and drew back far enough to line himself up. He glanced down. It did look almost ludicrously unlikely, to stuff
“Because he’s
” I go on. “This is really me, Richard Brook. Well, that’s a pseudonym too, really, sort of a pun, but I’ve been using it for an awfully long time, and it’s not a character, just another name for the real, regular, Irregular me.”
The shouting crowd around me devolves rapidly into a mob. Two or three fistfights break out, I suppose between the pro-escape and anti-escape factions. A little band forms and sets about flipping over the cars that are parked along the block. The guys with the guns get into their cars and abandon the scene with all possible haste; with Sherlock gone, their job is finished.
“You’re welcome,” said Lestrade. Then he stopped to watch John take a sip. Sherlock cleared his throat, and Lestrade looked at him.
to face it, and be ready. You know, while you and I were in school, we had a different Dark Arts professor every year or two. They deserve better than that.”
I close my stupid eyes. “Ugh. Fine. Bring me my phone.”
“For sex, I mean.”
He pulls off at last, replaces his mouth with his hand, gets his other hand under my balls and lifts them to be sucked, each in turn, ticklish-deep-wet, but it’s his knuckle that has my attention, pressed up snug to my perineum, moving in little push-strokes.
Sherlock spends that night in my room. We wake to his phone buzzing: Lestrade, with a case. I’d far rather tell him to shove it and have a lie-in with Sherlock, especially as the timing is clearly intended to get us out of our nest and back into the public eye for the day. But Sherlock’s eyes light up, and so, we go.
“John, you want to bunk with me?” Greg asks, at the landing. “I’ve got a spare bed, and I’m sure Sherlock wouldn’t mind a bit of space to spread out.”
“Of course, yes. I’m counting on it, sir.”
“So what do you want to wager?” he asks. He’s in his element, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, chin tucked into the collar of his coat. I don’t actually expect to win this bet.
“Oh,” said John, and thrust harder.
“See that you do. Anthea will see you out.”
He doesn’t carry an umbrella in real life, but as he swans back out of the secure staging area, I can imagine him swinging it with overdramatic nonchalance.
John’s head buzzed with questions, but something sealed his lips--not magic, only a feeling, and not one he had a name for.  Crouching gingerly to unroll the old Persian rug, he noticed that the design--what Sherlock called a circle, though circles were only part of it--was not drawn on the floorboards, but inlaid, an unbroken strand of silver cobwebbing most of the room.
“Would you take it back, if you could?” Sherlock almost whispers.
Here, have another one.
“God, yes,” I moaned, and then Holmes—Sherlock—was stroking my cock and fucking my thighs together in a quick, sure rhythm that soon had me quite breathless. All his lean strength went into each strike of his pelvic bone against the soft backs of my thighs. He pressed his open mouth to the back of my shoulder, and I knew I wouldn’t last much longer. “Holmes, yes, God,” I panted, trying hard to keep my voice quiet. He grunted into my skin, working his hand on me in a fast, fluid motion, and I came with my eyes squeezed shut, biting back my cries as well as I could. Holmes stilled his hand immediately, but my climax seemed only to spur him onward; he gave a few final, fast thrusts of his hips, and then slowed suddenly, whimpering against my neck as his prick spasmed between my legs, his emission dampening my skin.
Woman. Story-Sherlock would be deeply saddened. So, when Mycroft offers him a cigarette, he takes it. But he also speaks to Mycroft in the way he’s always spoken.
“Mm-hmm,” Sherlock hums. John nuzzles against him, his fingers closing on a handful of the front of Sherlock’s shirt.
“Very kind,” said McGonagall absently. Then her manner changed. She folded her hands briskly on the desk and leaned forward to regard him.
“It was the girlfriend,” Sherlock said, without knowing he was going to. Greg’s head snapped toward him, as though he’d only just then remembered Sherlock was there.
John leveled his wand at the crack.
“You don’t like her plan?” I ask, after we’ve ensconced ourselves.
On November 5th, an unexpected package arrives by private courier, with no return address. It’s just a padded yellow envelope with nothing written on it at all, but the weight of it is strangely familiar. I slit open the top, tip it up, and into my hand slides the grip of the Sig. Someone has sent me my gun.
Smiling now, John broke the tape holding the box shut and tipped the contents out into his hand.
“Want to back that up with a wager?”
“Friends,” John said.
“Constantly. But in bed, I mean, particularly.”
John drew a deep, hissing breath, his cock hardening rapidly. Sherlock gave a low hum of appreciation; even for an Alpha, John was well-endowed, though Sherlock could give him some competition in that regard. His own cock was trapped hard and leaking against John’s lower back, the thick base of the shaft nestled in the cleft of John’s buttocks. John didn’t shy away from that pressure. Sherlock ground harder against him, and John pushed back into it, giving.
He regards me impassively.
Sherlock’s hand stills in John’s hair. He leans down to inhale John’s scent, subtle beneath the obvious animal tang of their exertions.
If he were the sort of person who slept, he would not be sleeping well. He’s been edgy, and not just from the nicotine cravings. (God,
Nearest the gate was a patch of old paving stones, on which he and Sherlock stood.  Only a few feet in, however, the walkway disintegrated, giving way to leaf-strewn earth.  Gnarled trees grew on every side, leafless with the impending winter, and dead, tangled vines made passage impossible.  Some of the vines were rose briars, with shriveled, dark red rose hips still clinging to the stems.  The place might be beautiful in summer, John thought, but just now it felt dead, ominous.  A raven chuckled in the branches overhead.
John asked him to explain, but Mike kept silent, taking John instead back to St. Bartholomew’s hospital, where he made his living.  But instead of the upper floors, which John knew well, Mike led John down, and down again (a slow business for John, with his cane, descent more difficult than climbing), to a basement laboratory, adjacent to the morgue, a lamplit room strong-smelling of herbs and resins.  There, gazing into a silver bowl, sat a magician.
A couple of more buzzes, John tapping away.
“Loud
And yet. He could be wrong. He feels more and more wrong with each passing day. Panopticon remains unsolved. What if there is no solution? What if Moriarty is merely toying with him, trying to make him doubt his own senses, his own sanity? What if nobody is watching at all? Or if they are watching, could they still be watching him here, far from home, out in the countryside?
, Sherlock. To me. To lots of people.”
His eyes widen in sudden realization. “That night at the pool, the explosives, were they—“
In the dark, in a strange house, alone, Sherlock is as prone as anyone to wandering thoughts. He’s already googled the developer and all of his friends. He’s already considered the case of the two women frightened to death and come up with several possible explanations. He’s already re-read the stack of notes he found upstairs. Now, in the quiet of the wee hours, with nothing to occupy him, he has little choice but to lie down and try to sleep.
“Sorry,” I say, into his skin.
But Sherlock actually cracks a smile. He meets my eyes, and the smile warms, and something bubbles up in me.
“Has Sherlock filled you in?” he asked John.
Sherlock takes me with him.
“So when we were at Cross Keys—“
“Of course,” she said, and John knew he hadn’t fooled her in the slightest. “Mister Filch will show you out.”
“I mean what I said.” He growls through clenched teeth, jabbing a finger at me to emphasize his point. “Just. Don’t.”
“I wanted to write to you,” Sherlock said. “But I didn’t know if it was safe, if I was being watched. I didn’t want to put you in danger.”
“Oh, God, you’d better—I need. A break. A few minutes, or I’ll—“
“I’m temporarily filling the position myself at the moment, so I was very pleased to receive your letter,” McGonagall said, as they passed the doors to the great hall. “You were always one of my favorite students, though you probably didn’t realize it. Hufflepuffs seldom do.”
“No,” Sherlock said.  “Competitive, sycophantic, paranoid--I’d rather have a black cat.”
He releases me abruptly, and I gasp a much-needed breath of air. While I’m still waiting for the room to stop spinning, Sherlock swings his legs out from among the blankets and starts rummaging in his bag.
We finish up soon after. Instead of bringing the bill, the waiter tells us that the meal is on the house, and fervently wishes us a “lovely evening.”  Out on the pavement, a little crowd has gathered. Not enough to block the flow of traffic, just a cluster of nervous gawkers. I spot Vanessa standing casually nearby, keeping an eye on things under the pretense of checking her phone. Nobody bothers us.
There really is something about the eyes.
Sherlock presses up even harder against me, surging a little closer with each flick of my fingertips. “God,” he says. “Yes.”
“Thanks, by the way,” John said.
He gives me such a look. He’s not ready to hear this, not really—but he’s close. He’ll get there. With John helping him, he’ll get there.
“So what—why are you telling me this? Aren’t you worried I’ll—I dunno—get up to something? Meet up with Moriarty?”
“Hm, perhaps that was a clumsy way to make my point, but then, I’m not really all that clever. Not in that way, or in Bach’s way, or in your way. I’m an actor, mainly.”
Yes, Miss Adler, it’s very amusing whenever you turn up out of the blue and turn Sherlock’s world upside down. Let’s just keep doing this every so often with no warning whatsoever. In fact, let’s have you turn up in Sherlock’s bed unexpectedly, dressed up like a vulnerable kitten. That’ll be a fucking delight.
Sherlock hasn’t eaten all day, so we get a takeaway on the way home. He settles his socked feet up side-by-side against mine under the table as we’re eating. It’s such a simple thing that it shakes me out of my gloom a little, and I meet his eyes. Smiling, he lets one toe drag along the arch of my foot.
“Yeah, no, I get the point, thanks,” I say, staying put.
“Now look here,” said John, “I’m not looking for a spell, or a charm, or--”
“Yeah, about that,” Lestrade calls out. “What have you done with my boss? Don’t you think Sherlock will notice if he disappears?”
“I’m simply saying they’re irrelevant to the present situation. Now, your leg is cured and we’re one step closer to [catching our man].”
Once inside the lab, Sherlock sends me to search for the hound while he gets on with some other business. This is fine. I’m not expecting to find anything.
I pull away from him, slick some lube onto my cock, and he spreads his knees wider, face buried in the bed.
“What’s the point of this?” I ask her, when Sherlock has gone off to his mind palace and we’re, for all intents and purposes, alone. “Why the seduction routine? You know he has no idea what to do with you.”
Then there are his usual cravings: cases, stimulants. What with one thing and another, he’s almost too distracted to notice that Henry Knight is important. He is a poor, jittery fool suffering from psychotic delusions induced by his childhood trauma. That much is clear. Sherlock is about to throw him out when he says “hound”.
Sherlock shrugged. “He told me I’d fail the class, and he was right. He usually is. But he let me in again without any problems.”
Then John’s arms wrapped down around him, tucking between Sherlock’s body and the mattress. He was still tense and shivering. Sherlock returned the embrace, pulling John’s naked weight down more heavily on top of himself.
. Sherlock twisted in his seat, stroking his cock faster. John turned over. Greg kneeled up and moved back out of sight.
over my nose?”
Actually, if you want to know something slightly more important: I was right about Harry’s girlfriend. Mum and dad didn’t react too badly, but things are a little bit tense. They don’t know that I had a boyfriend 4th and 5th year. I was kind of waiting for a good moment to tell them, but this doesn’t seem to be it. I don’t know if that matters to you, but I guess I thought you should know.
“Mm,” he moans, with feeling.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “Sorry. But, John, look at your
“All right?” I ask.
“That’s the plan. If they’ll have me.”
“Yeah,” John quavered, louder.
Of course this is nothing too far from obvious, what we’re doing here, but even so he’s—God—shaking a little, I can hear his breath shuddering as he gets back into position. He presses a kiss to the inside of my thigh, stroking down into the crease of me with slick fingers. One circling fingertip homes in, presses, intrudes, careful. He doesn’t thrust, just presses, and, God, the slow, dragging heat of it—I breathe out hard and bear down. He keeps his finger still and strokes my cock, and I’m pinned, cherry-red radiance everywhere.
“Oh, but I do.”
“I need to tell you something, John. There’s going to be a disturbance.”
he upset?
“Deduction, John. Simple observation and deduction. How long were you imprisoned? Assuming you know.”
The second will be represented by the Prison. Who goes in? Who comes out? There’s a whole datacenter devoted to this, not to mention the physical gatehouses on the perimeter. I can trap people inside, shut people out, let in whomever I please, control supply chains. Very handy.
him in a way that no one else ever has. In John’s company he feels himself peeling open, splitting layer by layer like a—well. He huffs derision at the floral images that come to mind, but can’t quite dismiss the memory of his parents’ garden, so very long ago, before they died, before he went to live with Mycroft in London. Roses, petals, bees, etc. How trite.
,” Sherlock said, sitting up quickly. He shook back his clothes and began tugging off the cuffs of his robe. He undressed while John took his shirt off. When they came back together, all naked now, John moaned at the silky touch of Sherlock’s skin. He hadn’t exactly been celibate, but it had been a long time since someone touched him like this. Not since before he was captured. It felt good. Safe.
“I know. But I can deduce the rest.” He waves a hand dismissively.
It’s pointless trying to press forward. I need another way through.
“I guess I just…I wanted to say. I’m glad to be out here. With you. Whatever it means, whatever you want. We can do it.”
Out of money, out of plans, maybe even out of hope, John had explained his situation to his old schoolmate Mike Stamford.  Mike pursed his lips and knit his brows, as though uncertain whether to speak, then said:
“Hmm, I don’t think your real name is very relevant in this context.  And I suppose you’d better call me Irene Adler.”
roger that, head firmly on shoulders
So John looked again, and this time there was…nothing. The long, horizontal tear was still there, but the blood stains were gone, vanished as though they had never been there.
“Wow,” said John, rubbing his eyes. “That was some real magic.”
“I don’t know, Stamford, do you really think he’ll do?” Sherlock said slowly, not taking his gaze off of John.  “He seems a little too...proud.”
than friendly overtures, which John did not even let himself think about….at least, not too much. Usually.
“We’re fucking great,” John said. “Please come back?”
I argue in spite of myself. “So then I’m not
“Yes what?” Heart pounding.
. Someone who was making copious amounts of money off of my brother and didn’t want to waste her golden years stuck in a dingy imaginary flat. Someone that nobody would suspect.”
“You okay?” I ask him.
“You’re saying there’s been a murder?”
The scripted scene with Mike Stamford needs a couple of takes, thanks to my nerves, but it doesn’t matter, because it’s not live; only Sherlock himself is ever shown live, and you can see that all day, every day, around the clock.  The screen only goes dark when Sherlock is doing something private—which, for Sherlock, just means it’s something the showrunners deem inappropriate for broadcast.  Most people just think it means he’s naked during those times, but nobody really knows.  Then they show an edited version for an hour every night, just the highlights of the day, together with background scenes, like the one I’ve just done with Mike (or whatever his real name is; nobody tells me).
“No time,” he said. “If the current had got hold of it, it would have been lost forever.”
an effect on Sherlock, but I focus on the task at hand.
“Well. The potion instructions call for ‘three gode wyzards’. I’m guessing that the others—the Slytherins—thought she wasn’t…”
“Oh, got a bet going have you?”
“But why me? Shouldn’t you be talking to the Ravenclaws?”
, and Sherlock wants to give it to him.
“Ask him if he wants to come over, then send him the photo.”
He’s giving me the full sociopath routine, which means he’s in no mood to listen.
He gives me a disgusted look as he hands me my beer. “Don’t go pretending. He must have you under his thumb somehow, or you’d have given away the game by now. What is it?”
An empty evening stretched before him, but Sherlock didn’t appear to own a television, so John perused the formidable looking bookshelves.  Many of the books were in foreign tongues, or were so old they might as well have been; his eye fell on a slim volume entitled “Ritual and Medicinal Uses of Herbs,” which looked reasonably modern and non-magical.  This he picked up, and quickly became engrossed in reading it, though it offered only short entries for each plant.  Rowan, he read, was for protection against witchcraft.  Curious.
As he looks at the pale, female body on the slab, a strange thing happens.  Maybe it’s because he’s not sure if it’s really her, maybe it’s because of the things he’s been reading, or that word,
“Yeah,” said John. “I’m afraid—“
“Why should I send you
A shorter, ginger-haired man wearing a chef’s jacket has come in through the service door.
me, god, yes.” A harsh whisper, his cheeks glowing like hot coals.
He swallows the tablet dry, and something cold slithers down my own throat at the same time, seeing how utterly he trusts his brother. Then he rummages in a cupboard and comes out with my bottle of Bowmore 15 (which, oddly enough, they do stock in the shops round here).
“Did you?” John parried, and Sherlock leaned down, sliding back out of John’s hand, to speak low in his ear.
I guess Mycroft must have figured out a way to incorporate the Reichenbach painting into his plans, because it ends up being the catalyst for a huge boost in Sherlock’s career. Bigger and better cases keep coming in, with never a moment between them. Somebody gives him a deerstalker, which is utterly lost on him but makes the public swoon, I’m sure. I wonder what people make of all this, out there in TV land: the little
Dear John,
me. God, Sherlock. My Sherlock. I’m done for.
“Professor, could I speak with you?” he asked.
“Why would you and I need to chat?”
“You can fuck him whenever you like,” Sherlock said lightly. (“Yes,” whispered John, in his ear.) “Whenever I’m not using him. He loves to be fucked. Don’t you?”
“Sir, yes sir,” I mutter, downing the last of my coffee. Then Sherlock comes out of the pub, and our conversation is over. We part ways with Lestrade, and Sherlock rings up his ace in the hole—his brother.
Of course I’m not a hacker, myself. Only a puller of strings, and an actor. I do love acting, and I’m quite good at it. Once my connections have done their work, I slip inside, just ever so gently, and set to work in my much-preferred idiom. Time to give Sherlock his clues. Sorry, cues. I meant cues.
Right on cue, Mycroft appears. Because he’s still a little off-balance from his bout of phobia, it takes him longer than it should to understand that Mycroft is accusing
“Ugh, bloody nuisance,” Sherlock said, not looking up from where he was carefully adding drops of brown liquid to a vial.  “They’re far too stupid to do anything really useful.  They haven’t even got hands.”
“Wait,” said John. “We’re not done. I mean, you can leave if you want to, but we could also keep going.”
Sherlock took a deep breath before answering. “I really didn’t want you to hate me.”
“And what do you want?” Sherlock asks.
“Okay,” Sherlock said, but with two fingers still inside him, he kissed John again, that same tender kiss. John welled up shivering into it, dry-eyed but cracked open, so that when Sherlock centered up and pressed into him at last, he felt pierced to his soul. He made some inarticulate noise, and Sherlock kissed him more, though the angle was more difficult.
So John set aside his cane and stepped haltingly into the pattern of silvery lines.  It didn’t feel any different, so he approached Sherlock.  He circled once, deciding where to start, then laid the bundle gently against the back of Sherlock’s shoulders, seeing dark leaves and pale skin, and thorns.
.  It wouldn’t be holly, otherwise.  Now, quickly, if you please.  It should sting, but not bruise.”
I must be so, so delicate.
Sherlock kept playing, and John listened. He
“Ah, the famous Doctor Watson.  How lovely to meet you at last.”
As the incantation drew to a close, the glowing light flared in their hands. Then, with the final flick of their wands, it plunged down into the cauldron. Unlike the usual evanescent spark that John had produced when casting the spell alone, this light coalesced into a glowing sphere that sank to the bottom of the cauldron like a large glass marble. It then began to dissolve into the potion, its edges blurring slightly almost at once.
Sherlock flashed a cool smile, then took John’s chin deftly in one hand, holding him still as he swiped the cotton bud firmly inside John’s ear.
“It’s not that I actually believe in ghosts,” she says. “But there is a history of unnatural deaths in this house.”
“Who was that woman?” I ask him.
Something is wrong. Very wrong. A new and different and awful sort of wrong.
“Mmm, wow, you’re so big,” John groaned. Sherlock bit his lip. Bigger than him? He gripped his own cock, trying to guess. It twitched as though trying to match the monster Sherlock saw in his mind’s eye.
There’s also a solicitor. I haven’t met him, but Sherlock talks to him on the phone, sometimes at great length. Sometimes these conversations leave him drained and irritable.
“Just having a little chat while we wait for Sherlock to show up.”
“Oh, yes, that,” Sherlock said. He waved a hand dismissively. “Side effect.”
And then he flips us both over with some kind of wrestling move. My head is spinning, his mouth bearing down on my mine, his—
“Are you sure you’re okay?” I say. “The gas—”
“Not now?”
“It did help.”
He looks hard at me, eyes narrowed. A flash of emotion—puzzlement, disappointment?—passes over his face too quickly for me to catch. He looks back at his screen a moment longer, then snaps the laptop shut and drops the phone back into his bag.
“For God’s sake, John,
Then we got to run around the moors. It was the most physical freedom I’ve had in months, the first time I’ve been in a truly wild place since I moved into Sherlock’s life. There’s a certain pleasure in knowing that Mycroft can’t possibly control everything that happens in a place like this. And now I’ve got my own little clue, “UMQRA”, which may be the piece that Sherlock needs to crack the case, not that it means anything to me, but I do like to contribute in my own small way, when I can.
“All right,” she says at last. “Just let me make a few calls. You can expect the stylist at noon sharp. He’ll tidy you up and give you something to wear. The driver will pick you up at half three. Shouldn’t be any trouble with the dinner reservation, but if there is, I assume cash is fine?”
is too much,” John blurted, and Sherlock finally looked at him. John pressed his advantage. “Look, Sherlock, I don’t know what happened when we cast that spell together, but you’re all I can think about since then. I mean I don’t think—it didn’t change anything, it just made me realize that I can’t just…I can’t just let you do this. Whatever you’re doing.”
“I’m…not planning on it?”
“No, of course not. Much appreciated. Goodbye.”
“It’s quite simple. Here, you can see a list of all the active image- and sound-capture devices in the phone’s range.” He taps the Blick icon. “VRS, cams, mics, etc. If you connect to the phone’s wifi network with your laptop, you’ll be able to see what each device is picking up. You simply select the ones you want to scramble, go over here to K2K, press the button, and bob’s your uncle. It can handle up to three signals.”
But surely you can’t kill Sherlock, not in this universe.
Mycroft looks very little changed.  If what Brook said was true, then he’s been more or less confined to quarters, but I wouldn’t be at all surprised to learn that he’s got a shower and a full wardrobe in here. He only looks a little more tired than usual. I wonder if he’s been sleeping on one of the sleek lozenges that may or may not be sofas.
gasping with it, sweat pricking out along his hairline, still desperate not to think. Then John leans down to reach under Sherlock’s belly, grabs his cock, and things go very fast from there, Sherlock crying out and welling up and coming hard, muscles convulsing around the hot, unfamiliar intrusion in his arse.
“Yeah, fine,” he said, getting up.  “I’ll put the kettle on, shall I?”
“Push up a bit, can you?” John says. Probably should have given this some thought after all; bloody neurochemicals clouding his thinking, now, and all he knows is that he’s going to. One at a time he gets his knees up under him. Warm brush of John’s hairy thighs on the backs of his legs. John’s cock lies heavy along his wet crack for a moment, then slides down to nudge behind his balls; then John centers himself and presses in and, oh, Christ, it is a
“No.”
“I don’t know whether he has or not, but his followers are certainly feeling bold. People are getting hurt, and it’s going to get worse. I can’t just sit here and wait for them to come to me.”
“Ah, John,” he said, seeing him, “I’m sure you perceive what we are about.”
, but he was also terrified to ask.
“You couldn’t have just sent me a fortune cookie?”
“I’d like to,” I admit. “But I could be happy other places.”
“Sherlock,” I say again, uncertain. I take his wrist to pull his hand away from his face, and his skin feels good against mine so I interlace our fingers, and then I kiss him again, or lean up so he can kiss me, or something, the great lanky idiot, and he does, properly this time, for a long, still moment. Even after all these weeks without contact, we still fit together like this. When it’s over, he keeps his eyes closed, still.
“No,” John said. “No. I think the shelves would be fine, if I’m…if we’re. Doing this. Sherlock, can I ask you something?”
“No, you shouldn’t.” He glances at me, then back out the window. “But you did, and here we are.”
Sherlock’s hand shook once, impatiently.
“Water’s hot,” John says, from the kitchen. “Care for a cuppa?”
“Oh, fuck, ’s good,” John moaned.
“Oh yeah,” John said. He petted his knuckles up Sherlock’s chest, and Sherlock positively purred. In this position, his backside was perfectly positioned to grind on John’s erection, and this he did, luxuriously. John bit his lip and pushed up into him, making Sherlock’s eyelids flutter. John took hold of Sherlock’s cock, still trapped in his pants, and squeezed and stroked it slowly while Sherlock rode him. It made a nice handful, thick and hefty. He worked his thumb into the placket of the shorts Sherlock was wearing and stroked it across the leaking tip.
Sherlock had been watching him. John looked up at him with joy, and Sherlock’s answering smile was radiant as the sun.
I am sorry I wasn’t able to write sooner. There has been a family emergency. I am no longer in Britain. I don’t know when I will see you again, but I am not coming back to Hogwarts this year.
I take his hand, his skin cool in the evening air. I kiss his knuckles, then look up to find his face so shockingly open, waiting. “I want…you, actually.” So inadequate, just put into works like that. “I wish we could just go on as though we’d been real people all along.”
“But Sherlock
“So, do you want to show me around this place?” John asked. “I’ve no idea what I can touch without having it explode.”
“Our flight’s at ten,” he says. “Better get moving.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says.
“It’s--you--you woke me up in the middle of the night to collect my earwax?”
“This?” I whisper.
“I don’t know,” Mike said. “You might like it better than you imagine.”
Opening my eyes again, I was almost surprised to find that we were still in the garret and not transported to some strange, new world. The whole affair had taken only minutes. Holmes gave two more hard, damp exhales before turning his face away from my back. I missed his mouth immediately.
“Mm, not sure,” Sherlock says. “There is…I got some. Stuff. You know.” He nods vaguely toward the bedside table. I reach over him to pick up the little bottle of lubricant lying there. “I thought you could use it on me, if you’re amenable.”
There were some rustling sounds whose import was not completely clear to Sherlock, but now John and Greg moved into view of the lens, and Sherlock was treated to the somewhat grainy image of naked Greg pushing naked John back onto the bed. They were kissing; it was something of a shock to see Greg’s face, actually—actually bearing down on John, and John with his mouth wide open for Greg’s tongue to plunder.
That’s the better part of an hour’s drive from where we are. “So why did you come out here tonight?”
Holmes was quiet after that, but I could not help but feel his eyes upon me as I stripped myself naked. I quickly lifted the corner of his blanket and slipped in behind him. His back was freezing cold against my chest and belly; I inhaled hard at the discomfort, and Holmes gave a surprised moan. I wrapped my arm around his chest, tucking up my knees behind his thighs, so that as much of our skin was pressing together as could be managed. The large, heavy blankets settled comfortably over us without needing much rearrangement. The wool was somewhat scratchy, but one could hardly ask for fine bed-linens under the circumstances. After a few minutes, Holmes began to shiver. I hugged him tightly, willing my warmth into his chilled body. His arm came down over mine, long fingers wrapping around my wrist.
“Yeah, I think that’s an understatement. But what’s that got to do with me?”
“Yes,” said John.  “May I ask what it’s for?”
“No.” He’s obviously enjoying keeping me in suspense, his eyes alight with mischief. “Someone from
“Now, the phone. Let me see it.”
“When would you like to start not needing the other bed?” I nip the skin of his neck, and his breath catches. “Because, you know…now would work, for me.”
“You can’t
“Good,” Cory said. “So, um, do you want to borrow that for a while? I made that tape for you.”
“Mr. Moran,” Anthea says. Moran gives me a cursory patdown, then nods us through. Anthea does the retinal scan and leads me into the twinkly hallway.
“What is it?”  John asked, his voice soft with awe.
“Come in,” called Sherlock’s voice, so in John went.
. Oh, no,
cab. You get the next one.”
“I’m…not sure.” I have believed it, honestly. I’ve never questioned it.
“Pull my hair again,” he said, so John slid his fingers along Sherlock’s scalp and pulled as Sherlock took him in again with a rumbling groan.
“But not you?”
He shakes his head as though clearing cobwebs away. “That’s what Sally and I call it. Mycroft is absolutely opposed to Sherlock getting into any kind of…you know. Anything too intimate.”
“Yes.”
I crawl up his body, which is all boneless now and sunk into the bed, straddling him, and lean down to kiss him, careful not to let my hips descend against him where he is no doubt oversensitive. But he puts his arms around me and pulls me down, so that I’m lying all close on top of him and between his open legs. His grey pants are still in the way, a bit, but I’m well past caring as I rub and burrow against the offered wet softness of his belly and groin, kissing him, kissing him even when it’s no longer easy, because kissing him is the one true thing, the best and most important thing. When I come apart at last, it’s with his lips under mine, his tongue at the brink of me, and I pour myself out like an offering.
Update schedule continues to be funky due my being on vacation. Sorry about this! It should smooth out again in a week or so.
He pauses as though he might say more about this, but then changes his mind.
,” Sally says, as though I’m the dimmest thing since nighttime.
. They go back to Stoke Moran and Sherlock reveals what he, of course, noticed as soon as they arrived: that only the carriage house and the old tack shed are wired for electricity, and that the locations of the female figure seen by Lady Stoner correspond to the effects that could be produced with the suspicious equipment from these two buildings. They present their findings to Lady Stoner.
couldnt hear much but so fucking adorable!!!
“Don’t you? I love it. Wakes me up, you know? I’m Julie, by the way. I’m playing Louise Mortimer, Henry Knight’s therapist.”
SHERLOCK tell me where the hell you are and what is going on.
“Jesus.”
In his bedroom, Sherlock paces, fingers pressed to lips, his thoughts racing.  These past weeks with John, he could have sworn—but no, mistaken, clearly.  He has misjudged, again,
“It’s a bit early,” I say. “You want to take a walk? Hyde Park’s just there.”
“I remember,” said John.  “There was that row over whether they were really English citizens and could belong to the EU.  I haven’t thought much about them since.”
“No,” he whispers. “Like this…oh…”
The effects of Sherlock’s earlier efforts were readily apparent. John was fairly mewling with need, a state he only ever got into when in heat. The pseudo-estrus drove him with a nearly irresistible imperative to achieve orgasm in the presence of an Alpha knot. If he wasn’t knotted he wouldn’t come, but nor could he easily descend from his pitch of sexual arousal. The physiology of the process was such that Sherlock could not always quite keep up with him, and when he failed, this was the result, John rendered almost incoherent, his skin flushed and heart racing. The sight of it now, with Sherlock unable to touch him, was akin to torture, and not precisely in the way Sherlock had anticipated. Lestrade was putting in a good effort — John’s body jolted with each powerful thrust of his cock — but he clearly hadn’t been as worked up as John and was taking his time about achieving a knot.
Sherlock’s lips twisted. “That wasn’t the reason.”
“News, what news?”
7          2       6          6         7           8      4        2        6         6
ooh lovely I like them strong and stupid
“So, how are you?” I ask him.
Moriarty—not in the abstract, not in full.  But does he believe that Moriarty’s master plan includes planting a virus on his mobile?  No.  He connects his phone to the laptop and transfers the file.  Then he undresses, showers, cleans his teeth, and curls up in bed with the phone.
, I can almost hear him say), but he does turn over, spreads his knees wide, and cocks an eyebrow at me.
“It isn’t that I don’t believe you would be capable,” she went on gently. “It’s simply that I can’t have a Defense Against the Dark Arts instructor who might respond to a stray hex by blowing something up. These are children, not trained wizards. They are unpredictable at the best of times, and truly dangerous at their worst. One needs a steady head.”
Divert his affections?  Ha.  We’ll just fucking see about that.
“Consulting magician?  I never heard of such a thing.”
Sherlock held the gate open while John passed apprehensively through, then followed him inside.  Allowing the gate to clang shut, he turned the key again, then removed it in the usual way.  John turned to look around the overgrown garden.
“Angel,” Sherlock said.  “This is John.”
John had all of half a second to gape at him before the cauldron on the fire bubbled over and combusted with a loud bang and a blinding flash of light. John dove to one side to get away from the blast, and Holly threw herself behind a pillar. Sherlock, John saw when the smoke cleared, had been thrown backward. John stood and went to him quickly and was relieved to find him still conscious. John helped him to sit up. Sherlock coughed and waved smoke away from his face.
“Fluni—fuck, seriously? Rohypnol? Mycroft gives you Rohypnol for flying?”
“You haven’t…done this before,” Sherlock says, voice thick.
As he makes his way back down the hall, a sudden movement at the top of the stairs makes him start. He could swear he heard a footstep. But—no, it was nothing. Dust motes in a sunbeam, the settling of ancient timbers. Shaking off the fancy, he goes in search of John.
“Oh, you’re clever enough, there are at least three ways you could have gotten to the jury. My bet’s on the hotel cable network. Blackmail, threats. Simple.”
“It’s all right, Watson,” he called. “It isn’t more than five feet deep.” And with that he dove down, I suppose to scrabble about in the mud of the river bottom at the end of the pier. He came up twice for air, and I had resolved to call a halt when he came up a third time and held up his hand triumphantly. “I have it!” he gasped. “Now, pull me out, Watson, if you please.”
McGonagall had given him a week to make arrangements, but it was more time than he needed, so that when he came back at the end of it, he was nervous all over again. He went straight to work in the hospital wing, and was amazed at how well Madam Pomfrey remembered him, and how easy he found her company. They saw three new cases that day: a broken arm, a pimple jinx, and a flu. John assisted with the first two and observed the third. He was also tasked with managing a steady traffic of students who wanted to visit Patience Pettibone, a fourth-year Gryffindor girl who was bedridden with an unusually severe case of Merriwether’s Mucorrhea, which she seemed to have caught on holiday. As she was quite contagious, he couldn’t let them in to see her, but he took their gifts of flowers, sweets, books, and letters, which she received from him with unfeigned delight.
So John closed his eyes and kissed him. A single, still, unbroken press of lips to lips, going on and on as the train rocked them.
“Oh, well nothing
No longer relieved. “Look, it’s not—it’s just. Adrenaline can make people do strange things.”
Mycroft’s lip curls. “You helped him.”
Sherlock was not the gift-wrapping kind.
loosening up. Sherlock paused to add more lube, and when he reapplied his fingers they slid inside with a faint squishing sound that was…well. Filthy. He moaned against the back of John’s shoulder. He couldn’t help it.
He sets the pill on his tongue and swallows it dry. He glances at his mobile, then peers up at the cloudless sky.
He’s rubbing himself against my thigh; small, slow tilts of his hips, maybe not conscious of it, just rubbing soft cotton between his cock and my skin. I think again of that little dark wet spot, and reach for him. He moans—God,
Do you have it? -MH
he now?” said Sherlock, giving John a light pinch. John gave a “Hm,” but no more.
“Are you okay?”
In my pocket, my phone rings. Mycroft. I ignore it.
She walks away, coat swaying in the wind. A few minutes later, I hear a car pull out of the front drive. I allow myself another minute to breathe, then fling myself again into the fray.
“What about Mary?” he gasps.
oh all right well done
Sure enough, most of the class was there, with Snape looking on impassively just as though it wasn’t a bloody weekend. The only person who was absent was one of the Slytherin girls, Eva Greene. Sherlock gave John only the briefest glance when he entered.
Sherlock releases my mouth to lick at my overheated ear. “Can I do this for you? Like you did—I liked it. Do you like it?”
John snorted. “I find
, like cramming an aubergine into a buttonhole. But it could be done, he thought. If he were careful.
It’s a hoax, obviously, though what it could mean, Sherlock has absolutely no idea.  Moriarty is trying to tell him something, but what?  He’s searched the internet for information and turned up very little.  Sir Arthur Conan Doyle existed and wrote a few historical and nautical adventure stories, but there’s no mention of another Sherlock Holmes anywhere.
“She’s too pretty. Tall. You’d like her.”
“…Not particularly.”
. She was holding one phone, and trying to keep the other out of Mycroft’s hands. Eventually, he got it, or so I believed. I never stopped to think what had become of the other one.
“Do you not watch the broadcasts?”
. If you want to rec this fic (which, omg, would be incredible), please feel free to reblog
“But you want to get him out of here.”
“I hope you don’t mean to make a habit of this,” John said.
“Anyway, it doesn’t matter, because you’re going to love it, too.”
, why haven’t
each other. Sherlock wouldn’t do a thing like that. Sherlock
Something gives way in me, a rusty lever shifting. I blink sweat from my eyes. Mycroft is still pale, but he looks disgustingly smug.
.  Nothing’s
“I will concede that you have been extremely foolish,” I said, though secretly I was relieved to hear him speak with some alertness.
His grip lasts only a moment, but it breaks something open in me.
Lonely.  Loneliness is a major theme of
“I’m not asking you to babysit him,” Mycroft said. “Just keep an eye out. I can pay you for it, if that would sway you.”
get a knot inside him for one fucking second—he’d be off like a shot, he’d come like a…like a…
“Yes, that’s true.”
“But you’re not,” she says.  “The other day I was watching, and you guys were, like, just hanging about.  You were having a laugh about something on the internet, not
“Of course, yeah. Of course I will.”
“I’ve been able to protect him from the worst of the bullies so far, but, of course, I won’t be there for him next year.”
“We’ll start with a review of the known facts,” he says, leaning down, and I laugh, tension unspooling. He takes my half-hard cock gently in hand and presses his mouth to the hollow of my hip, where he licks and nibbles as he squeezes and pets me to full, throbbing hardness. Then, hands on my hips, he takes the tip of my cock in his mouth.
“Mm?”
“You still crave danger.”
When Sherlock came out of the bedroom, moving more or less normally, John got up from the sofa.  His eyes flicked over Sherlock’s body and up to his face, assessing, and then for a just a moment he dropped his mask of calm and gave Sherlock a smoldering kiss. Sherlock rocked on his feet, already a little unsteady what with one thing and another, and then John pulled back, looking cool again. He took Sherlock’s elbow and steered him gently into the sitting room, then helped him to sit down in his grey leather chair.
“It wasn’t uncomfortable,” John said, automatically.
“But you were drugged nonetheless,” he says. “Were you really scared there, in the lab?”
“Oh, stop!” he cried, covering his eyes.
I palm him through the thin cotton. His breath hitches as I explore, gently kneading up the hot, hard shaft. The flare of his frenulum is smooth and warm, the tip leaking dampness through the cloth.
John sent the text. The phone buzzed in reply a few seconds later, and then again a second after that. John laughed.
John opens his mouth, probably to accept, but Sherlock interrupts.
“Easy,” John murmurs. “Easy, Sherlock.” Soothed, steadied, he finds a rhythm, finds a place where the hot throbbing of his body falls into line. On a tightrope, but steady, sustainable. “God, you’re so gorgeous like this,” John goes on. “If I were alpha right now, I’d be knotting you already. I couldn’t stop myself. Sooo lovely. Smells so good, too, even just like this.”
That might explain his mood. “But he’s—“
been thinking, and John leered unsubtly back. He knew the effect he had on Sherlock and made no secret of enjoying it. Sherlock slouched down lower in the chair, his face hot, picturing all the thousand things he would do to John as soon as they got home.
I’m glad it’s only a week until I see you again.
We catch our fake cab in the grey quiet just before dawn, and Sherlock is already wobbly when he gets out twenty minutes later. An elevator takes us to the roof of the building, where a helicopter is waiting to pick us up. I end up snapping Sherlock’s ear defenders on for him as he passes out in the passenger seat before we even get airborne, his pale Adam’s apple sticking out as he throws back his head and snores.
“You’ll know.  Take care, Dr. Watson.  The world is watching.”
There’s a longish pause while I wait, heart pounding.
“Told you,” says the boy, older.
There’s nothing I can possibly say. He looks at me with a tightness around his eyes, around his mouth. His faith in me is slipping away, and I’m powerless to stop it. If I try to go on as before, I’ll lose him. If I bring up the elephant in the room—same thing, probably.
Meanwhile, our physical experiments continue, albeit at a fairly sedate pace. Sherlock’s busy schedule goes some way toward keeping us chaste, and even when we do get a moment, the things we do are so…innocent, almost. I’m careful never to ask anything of him that he doesn’t freely offer, and his desires progress in tiny increments. He wants to be good at things, mostly, wants to perfect his ability to get me off with hands and mouth and skin, as we’ve done before. So he focuses in on details, touches me with the most exquisite care and attention. It’s unlike anything else I’ve ever had. I repay him chiefly by having mind-smashing orgasms; I can’t get within a mile of matching his creativity, so I focus on touching him in ways that have worked before, and in ways that he’s touched me, in hopes that I’m not pushing his boundaries. He seems to like it—rather a lot, actually—but I wish I could be more for him.
“Oh, stop, stop, no more,” John said, panting. “Oh, Sherlock, Jesus, it’s too big, just—just keep it there. No more than that.”
“You like it,” Sherlock said again. “All those strangers, looking at you,
His breath catches slightly before he answers, low and husky. “Yes,” he says. “Try—try moving.”
[ move to earlier]“All right,” he said at last, and put the twig into his trouser pocket.
He thought he was resigned to this plan. When the day came, he boarded the Hogwarts Express determined not to have too heavy a heart. He sat in a train compartment with Dominic Turnbull and Erica Rowbottom, two of his best Hufflepuff friends. They chatted happily for a while, but John found himself only half listening. He gazed out of the window.
He saw John immediately, and stopped.
“John, oh, don’t stop, my God,” he breathes, and oh, heaven help me, I love him. My hand moves again, and he cascades into motion, moaning aloud and curling up around his pleasure as he comes. I don’t know if he hears the little sound I make, desperate and elated, pressed up hard against his back. His cock surges in my hand, but I never feel his semen against my skin, because he’s caught every drop in his tissue.
Conversation is impossible thanks to the rotor noise, but the pilot throws a wink in my direction. I do not wink back.
not responsible for monitoring John’s mental state. Plausible deniability.
I get a bit curious when the car doesn’t head for the usual sound stage, but instead takes me to an enormous power complex on what passes for the outskirts of town. I have little choice but to go inside. I’m half expecting a film crew, but there’s nobody there. Just her—Irene.
“Maybe Saturday, then?” said John. “If it’s not too cold, we can sit outside somewhere.”
“Oh, John, that’s—“ He breaks off with a shallow gasp, bites his lip and releases it. “I’m so close, but I—it’s too—“
“Maybe other reasons, too,” John said. “So they made sure she didn’t make it. God, scary. Wow. So what’s going to happen to her?”
“Well, you can tell him I feel the same. He certainly rushed you out here, didn’t he?”
We’re just kissing. Just standing there lip-locked, and of course he hasn’t really done this. He doesn’t know—except maybe in theory—what to do next. I let my hands alight on his hips, breathe, tilt my head a little for a better angle. He counter-tilts to match and oh,
“Obviously,” Sherlock said.
“I don’t dislike it.”
When John Watson returned to London with a bad leg and a bullet wound, he wasn’t looking for charity.  Nor did he find it, though the offer of free lodging may have seemed like charity on its face.
,” John said. “I’ve got two days left. That app is never wrong, and anyway, I’m not feeling it at all.”
Sherlock shifts again. What is John doing, anyway? Rattling dishes, running water. He pours a bowl of cereal and begins eating it loudly. Dull. Sherlock shifts
, that. The knot under my breastbone unwinds, sending buoyant tendrils up through my chest. Breath. Light.
“Well, it reacts with the essence of sulphur to form a vapor which, once distilled in a tincture of wormwood, can be combined with sodium hydroxide to form--”
Sherlock huffed out a breath.  He tossed the holly onto a nearby chair, then began unbuttoning his shirt in a businesslike manner.  “As you can see, I am quite well,” he said, displaying his skin, which was, indeed, perfectly clear, contrasting shockingly with the dark purple of the silk shirt.  “As for what it does...well.  It’s rather cumbersome to explain to one of your kind, and I don’t recall that explaining my actions to you was a part of our bargain.  Anyhow,” he relented, when he saw John’s stubborn look, “I’m sure you’ll find out soon enough.  Now, the holly, if you please.”
“Yes,” said McGonagall, delicately taking her seat behind the desk, “I’m afraid he is. And poor Severus, too.” She gestured to another, more somber portrait off to one side. “A sad loss for all of us.”
I pull out of him, slowly, and he puffs out what is pretty obviously a sigh of relief. I lie down on top of him.
Absurd. But he takes out his phone and types
He frowns, considering.
John thought, but said nothing, allowing Sherlock a moment to put his thoughts together.
But tight—too tight, maybe. He makes a noise, and I slow down. More lube, maybe? His face is flushed, a sweaty tendril of hair stuck to his cheek. I force myself to hold still.
“Sherlock, where the hell did you go?” The words erupted out of his throat, much more raw than he’d intended. “Why didn’t you ever write back to me?”
The first phone, on the other hand, provides some data, though not what one might expect from the way Irene and Mycroft talked about it. The passcode is SHER, just like on the duplicate phone. There is a folder containing a few salacious photos of someone who might or might not be a member of the royal family—the face is difficult to make out with any certainty. And, although there is a wide array of black leather and steel equipment in use, the photos are not actually all that sexually explicit. In one of them, Irene has positioned herself in the shot, wearing a wine-colored corset and matching lipstick. She is bending forward to display her cleavage to the camera, grinning crookedly and holding up two fingers in an obscene gesture. Out of character. Odd.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking,” Sherlock said. “Will that bother you?”
I don’t bother to reply. We’ve had this argument at least a dozen times.
“What way?” John asked.
“Still,” John said, rubbing his eyes. “I was ready to zap you.”
“You sound as if you don’t believe they exist,” John said.
“I like it,” he says, very quiet, mouths at the side of my cock, gets his lips up on it
“Hn,” Sherlock chuckled. “Do you want me to?” He licked John’s neck.
“Why ever not?” When John didn’t reply, he looked at him sharply for a long moment, then seemed to become aware of Filch and the witch he’d been walking with hovering nearby.
“Sherlock. Why am I here?”
At Angelo’s, so long ago, I was desperate to prove that I wasn’t Sherlock’s date. Now I’m honestly not sure whether I am or not.
“A honeymoon,” I suggest. He snorts, but he looks pleased.
, just been together, with all the time in the world ahead of them. Some emotion expanded in his chest, and his conversation dwindled to monosyllables.
Instead of going home for the day, Sherlock stays to snoop around the outside of the auction house.
“I think you know very well. Mycroft is none too happy with you right now.”
“Do you still want it?” Sherlock asked, reading over his shoulder.
“Better?” Sherlock asked.
it.  You like running around, being at the center of the story.  I think you even like living with him.”
, you great berk.”
My brain feels sluggish. Oh—he means the two phones. He’s waiting for me to ask about the second phone. I open my mouth, then realize that the other phone may be a secret. If I mention it, Mycroft will know. Of course, he probably figured it out when I pushed the button in K2K, but—I can’t be sure.
And someone is watching, maybe. And John—maybe—knows someone is watching. It’s hard not to conclude that John led them to his bedroom for sex in order to avoid being watched.
That stroking knuckle slides backward, presses shallowly in. Without thinking about it, I get my knees up, my feet flat on the bed for leverage.
He can’t—not quite. But he does sleep, eventually.
Adventure I—A Scandal in Bohemia
Four smashes through him like a hammer blow and, no, he really
“There isn’t time,” Sherlock said.
“Oh,” he breathed. “Can we?”
So Sherlock pushes his feet against the floor, and tries to move his weight onto his elbows, but it’s too difficult to maintain. After a moment, he shifts again and folds his legs up into the chair, so that he can sit on his heels. The vibration in his arse is all he can think about. Eyes squeezed shut, he rocks, unsure whether the motion is voluntary or not, whether he could stop it even if he wanted to, as the toy sends shock after shock through his already overstimulated nerves. If he had a knot—god, if he could
“Yes.”
he would have to be unconscious, and the only way to knock him out without raising his suspicion would be to get him to do the deed himself. Everyone knows Sherlock is afraid of flying, but we never knew how he coped with it because the flights were always darked out.  If Sherlock were awake in the air, he would look out the window and see that the geography around his London is all wrong. He’d see the security perimeter, the artificial horizon field projectors. He’d see how his Thames begins and ends at the city borders, a backcountry stream artificially inflated to a busy urban waterway. It would give away the game entirely.
“Bed?” Sherlock asked, breathless.
John shook his head. “You’ve heard the rumors. Hell, you know the statistics. Anti-Muggleborn crimes are on the rise everywhere. More and more of our patients are victims of dark curses.”
have what? :-)
And that was how John forgot all about Sherlock Holmes for another year and more.
“You could say that,” I reply.  I’m starting to get angry.
Sherlock makes tea. We drink it in the sitting room.
He solved seven cases from his inbox before noon, and made appointments to meet with three new clients. Then he went out to do some legwork for a suspected extramarital affair. It was elementary, really, but it didn’t hurt to be sure, and anyhow, he rather fancied a walk. He’d just confirmed his suspicions (the person in question was taking patisserie classes in secret because she knew her husband would say it was a waste of money) when Lestrade texted him with a nice double murder. This took up the rest of the afternoon, and it was 4:30 when he got a text from John.
“I should hope so,” John agreed, smiling in spite of himself.  “So...am I your familiar?”
Throughout all of this, Sherlock had of course been practicing the most monstrous self control. Now at last he could get to work stroking his own shaft, twisting his hand rapidly along the full length, from the base of his swelling knot to where it terminated at John’s body. God, but he wanted to
“God,” he whispers. “Nobody’s ever—“ he stops himself, biting his lip again.
“I’ve only got one.”
“Yeah,” says Sherlock. “God, try, just try it.”
Mercury in the chocolate wrappers—jesus, weird, who comes up with this stuff? Flashing torches, a shout off in the dimness—
It’s a simple matter to pressure Dr. Stapleton into letting them use her bench. He keeps an ear cocked toward her and John while he runs the analysis. John sounds edgy, but coherent. Good enough to be going on with. He tunes them out again.
“Do you want to go first, or shall I?”
“Did you think about this as well?” Sherlock asked.
“Wh—hang on,” I interrupt. “The BBC? What plan is this? You can’t be proposing to have Sherlock…what? Do an interview or something?”
“He was older than this when I saw him—or whatever I saw. Maybe forty.”
Sherlock never really expected this: to be lying cuddled up with a lover in the upstairs bedroom, to be sifting his fingers dreamily through the soft blond hair of soundly sleeping John. The room is dim with evening, street sounds filtering up from below: a car door closing, a woman’s voice, carefree and anonymous, no doubt heading for one of the restaurants up the block. A man’s voice answers: date. They’ve come in one car, so it’s not their first, but that heightened lilt in her voice and his tense laughter suggest that they aren’t quite comfortable together yet, still trying hard to amuse and impress. She’s wearing new shoes; he can hear them.
Sherlock’s hands—big hands, hot, long-fingered—are on my skin. On my back, on my hips, pushing the back of my trousers down, nails scraping, kneading. Everything is close-warm-good, his hard cock against my thigh, smooth skin of his neck under my tongue, almost not enough air to breathe, not that I mind..
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s here,” he said. “You ready?”
“Oh yes. All of your teachers liked you. We always said you would go far.”
“Makes…people…Sherlock are you intoxicated? On your own potion?”
To whom is he speaking, now? Who is listening? Who else is playing the game?
“Well, that’s it, then. We should tell them.
“You were…here? In seventh year Potions?”
“Fine,” Sherlock said.
John whispered fiercely, “when I found you drunk off your tits on some noxious brew, cooking up poison in your secret laboratory? That time?”
They get off the train in Woking, then hire a car and drive to an old country estate called Stoke Moran, a vast 18th Century manse crouched among brooding autumnal gardens.
“Good,” John said. “Well, see you then.”
(See the end of the chapter for
This whole thing was probably a bad idea.  Probably, he should run as far and as fast away as he could.  But he didn’t want to--in fact, the very thought made him want to dig in his heels and figure out a way to stay.
“Fine,” he said.  “Fine, it was bound to come up sooner or later.  Sit down, and I’ll explain.”
“What kind of things?” My voice sounds pretty steady, I think.
“Are you tired?” Sherlock asked. “I can try to be quiet if you want to retire—“
John turned to look at the mark he’d made on Sherlock’s neck and hissed in sympathy, reaching up to stroke it gently with one finger.
The thing that found him was not what he’d been looking for, though it was something. Someone.
“A risky proposition,” Snape said. “I trust you understand that I will offer my unvarnished opinion.”
“Ah,” says Sherlock, “that’ll be her.”
“I’m speaking to you in that capacity.  I’m here because I suspected that you might find this evening’s wardrobe selection a little disconcerting in its…realism.”
“Oh, not at all, sweetie! Just need to advance the plot. And, by the way, that thing you’re feeling? Hang onto it. Sherlock’s going to need a constant in his life. We’re counting on you to be his anchor point. Now, if you wouldn’t mind? I’ve lines to deliver.”
I catch sight of a glimmer of light in one of the rooms.  Pushing the door open, I see that the light is actually coming from another room on the other side of the courtyard.  I go to the window to look.
“All right,” Sherlock said. “So, to begin with, we went to Romania.”
“You might at least knock,” Sherlock complained, laying aside in irritation the newspaper which he had been only pretending to browse.  John looked at him quizzically before turning to see who had come, then had to choke down his startlement at what he saw.  The visitor was a tall man, elegantly dressed in a russet-colored suit that looked to be at least a hundred years out of fashion.  His hands were smartly gloved in gray kid, and he carried an ornamented walking stick in one hand and a...good lord, a
“Jack, you need to tread very carefully.”
“Do you want to study together?” John asked, when he saw Sherlock in class two days later.
“Here, slow down a bit!” he said.  “I don’t walk as fast as I used to.”
You should certainly ask Snape for a letter.
“But I don’t think we need to bother with those.”
John loitered near the library entrance from four until four fifteen, but Sherlock didn’t show up, so he went inside to find a place to sit. It was only by chance that he caught sight of Sherlock, already sitting in a tucked-away corner with his books spread out around him.
I decide to let him off the hook before he gets any more technical. “Ok, yes, you’re right. I’ve never been in a relationship with a man, and I’ve never had sex with a man.”
told him?”
“Crimes?  What sort of crimes?”
So, carefully, he pressed forward, nestling his slick-sensitive glans up against the tight ring of John’s hole. He felt John brace himself. He
And then his dressing gown is on the floor, and John is—naked—yanking up the edge of Sherlock’s bedclothes, and climbing in, and before Sherlock can move or even think (
He had no fear that she would keep him waiting, for procrastination was not any part of her nature. Indeed, her owl found him the very next day. She invited him, in few words, to visit the school for an interview.
“It would have worked if it weren’t for all this pheromonal nonsense. We should try again when John’s heat is over.”
John derives some moral satisfaction from this outcome. I find I don’t much care what has happened to him, but I am glad to have the business over, especially as the closure of this final chapter of the drama of Sherlock Holmes has resulted in a slackening of the public’s fascination with us. We are still recognized, often, but people are less compelled to approach us, less inclined to effuse.
“Uh, Sherlock?”  I try.
Everybody relaxes fractionally, knowing we’re no longer on camera.  We all look at each other, trying to figure out what to do next, when Mrs. Hudson pops her head in.
We head back along the edge of the lake. It’s not until some time later, when we have to turn off of the waterside path, that I realize he hasn’t let go of my hand.
[...]
“Keep playing,” John said. “Please.”
A memory. Sherlock, about twenty years old, blue-pale and junkie thin, standing in front of the mirror, facing into the camera’s lens. He was bare chested, all tender hollows and fragile, birdlike bones, but he wasn’t looking at his body. Wasn’t looking at anything, really. You could tell. And then his eyes snapped into focus, his face crumpled, and—
“Sherlock?”
“Yeah, I know, against the rules[ retcon
“Now, I shall need you to come over here and beat me briskly about the back and chest, please.”
“How do you know that?”
“That envelope that was in her trunk. There’s another one.”
“Sorry, what?”
“But instead you got me,” John said.  It came out sounding surprisingly bitter.
“Mycroft,” he rumbled, his voice seeming to rattle the teacups in their saucers. “Get.  Out.”
Hey, folks, I'm going to slow down my updates a bit, to give myself time to make sure everything is planned out and sensical. I'll aim to post every three days or so.  Sorry to drag out the suspense (no I'm not). But, seriously, thanks for your understanding, and thanks for reading.
“Sherlock,” John said, a years-old lump rising in his throat. “It didn’t make me hate you. It made me love you.”
“I can’t deny that I—that is to say, of course you must have guessed that a man such as myself might be inclined. But under ordinary circumstances I would never presume—“
Red-faced and breathless, John replied, “We’ll take this one.”
“This one,” Sherlock said. It was one of the series where John had laid the phone flat on the bed and crouched over it. The fleshy expanse of John’s thigh took up the foreground, but up in the corner John’s hand was visible, tucked in the shadowy cleft of his buttocks, ostensibly concealing his anatomy, but with two fingers bent at the knuckle in a way that quite negated any pretense at modesty. He handed the phone back to John.
“Can I see Patience yet?” she asked, clutching tightly at a letter in her hand. She was maybe a third year, Gryffindor.
I extended the end of the paddle down to him, and he took hold so that I could lift him to the edge of the dock. He got his elbows up onto the planks and tried to pull himself up the rest of the way, but he nearly slipped back down. I scrambled to take hold of his arms, dropping the oar with a clatter in the process. When at last I had him up on dry land, he was soaking wet and chattering with cold.
Yours,
Two weeks after he moved in, John came home to find that Sherlock had rolled up the rug again, and was clearly preparing to repeat what John thought of as the holly spell.  Indeed, when John came in, Sherlock was swiftly winding a leather thong around three new sprigs of holly.  John groaned inwardly; though minor, the injuries from the last attempt could scarcely have had time to heal.  If this was Sherlock’s routine, it was a wonder that his body wasn’t covered in tiny scars.  Surely he could not go on this way for long.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
John grimaces and rubs a hand over his face. “You’re not wrong,” he says. “I just hope you’ve got Mary convinced you really need me. She’ll be livid if she thinks I’ve left her alone with the baby to take a pleasure trip.”
In the lab at Bart’s, he analyzes the contents of the kidnapper’s footprint: asphalt, brick dust, pollen, and something biggish and organic. Glycerol something. He’s poring over the GC-MS results when Molly sidles up to him.
She raps on the office door, then shows me in, but doesn’t follow.
“No, it isn’t that! It’s just—I can’t believe Snape let you in again.”
“Used to?” John said, feigning hurt.
My cheeks heated. “Holmes, you are delirious.”
Greg gets back on his mobile once Sherlock has explained the case. I stick close by him, hoping a for a moment when Sherlock isn’t looking. I finally get it while Sherlock is trying to hail a cab. Greg catches my eye at the same time I catch his. He takes the phone away from his mouth.
“Oh, I thought so, too. She had a soft spot for me, though.” His mouth is quirked in a half smile. “She sent you that gun, you know.”
“All right Watson?” he asked.
“Sherlock?” he asked, with some hesitation. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up expectantly from where he was lying on his back on the sofa.
“Oi, get out of my chair,” he snapped.
In case anybody needs it, I have posted
John followed Sherlock out of the alley onto a busy street.  He half suspected they had gone back in time[ why??], but everything looked ordinary.  No one spared a glance for the two strangers who had just materialized on the scene.
So Sherlock kept still while John reached back a somewhat shaky hand to feel the place where Sherlock’s shaft was still impaling him. John’s fingers slipped in the slick mess.
“Ready,” Holly said, and drew her wand.
“Okay,” Sherlock said. “I could—I could—if you’re—“
John smiled knowingly, but said nothing.
“I think that’s as far as we got last time,” Sherlock says, down there somewhere.
“Wait! John,” Sherlock leapt up and caught his wrist, stopping him. “I’m sorry,” he said, “I’ve made a mess of this.”
said Sherlock, running back to him. “Oh, this won’t do at all.”
Filaments of light from John’s charm were still mapping out the corners of the room, so it took a few moments for him to notice the man bent over one of the workbenches, carefully spooning powder out onto a scale and humming to himself.
Sherlock was not interested in normal.
Sherlock made his way to a corner restaurant.  It looked a dark sort of establishment, old and never remodeled, as though it were owned by an old man who only kept it because he had nothing else to do.  As though it would die when he did.
“Watson, I am sorry,” he said. “I never meant to place you in such a position.”
“Mentally ill?
“Well, nobody could say I didn’t try.” She sniffs, stamping out the tiny ember. “Good night, Watson.”
seem like alien beings, full of a raw and chaotic liveliness that stirred up in John an unexpected mixture of emotions. He tried to imagine facing a whole classroom full of them, and his stomach clenched. McGonagall knew her business, it seemed.
“Point is, if it’s okay with Sherlock, I’m…more than willing.” John let his legs fall open. In Lestrade’s position, Sherlock would have been utterly unable to resist, but maybe it was different if you weren’t the primary Alpha. He couldn’t help smiling to himself at the thought.
“Will you be staying the night again?” she asks. “It’s a long trip back to London.”
“What about Sherlock?”
“Burnt orange hazelnut.”
“You’ve been in exclusively heterosexual relationships.”
“You opened this app and pushed the button. Why did you do that?”
“Well, I knew him in school, sir. I don’t know what he’s been through since then, but he’s brilliant. Really brilliant. If he can be rehabilitated, he could be a tremendous asset, assuming he was willing to work with us.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Certainly not. The Ravenclaws are the problem.”
Updates might be a bit sporadic for a couple days, 'cause I'm at con. :-)
“Yes,” Sherlock said, and he had the good grace to look sheepish. “But you’re leaving out that time in the middle—“
The honest truth was, the students
“Got off work early, did he?”
I take the phone out of my pocket and stand up hand to it over. I watch as he taps icons on the screen.
“No. He didn’t have anywhere near the wealth or connections to pull off something like that on his own. It was my friend who masterminded the project.”
I went to the exhibit. I saw the painting: the cataract plunging into a spumy cauldron, roiling down between sheer stone banks strewn with bare, toppled trees like skeletal hands. You can hear the thunder of the falls ringing among the cliffs. I spent a long time looking at it. It’s the place where Sherlock Holmes, the original character, died, or was meant to die, taking Moriarty with him. It was only the public outcry that made Doyle bring him back. They displayed the painting alongside Paget’s original illustration of the two characters wrestling on the precipice.
“The keys to the kingdom,” he says. “Scrambling software. She was using it to move about in here without my knowledge.” He smiles thinly, leaning forward. “That is not acceptable.”
“Genius,” John says, squeezing my shoulder. “You should really take this stuff to the police, you know. It would help.”
“God, I hope so,” John said.
“You can bring your friends. Loves to be shot full of spunk. Anybody’s. Don’t you?”
The third will be represented by the Tower. What is the crown jewel of Sherlock’s London? That’s easy: information. Truth. Well, also lies and theories and garbage and everything else that you can find on the internet. There’s a whole little office Mycroft bought in San Francisco with a lot of PhDs working in it, filtering the contents of the World Wide Web for Sherlock’s eyes. Like the past version of a time traveler, he mustn’t be allowed to see himself, or to know about anything that hasn’t been invented yet. Mycroft also demands a number of other filters, the prude. If it were me designing it, I wouldn’t have let the internet in at all. I mean, why not just set the whole thing in Victorian times? But there you are.
With that slight distance between us, I have a little room to process things. He is so incredibly vulnerable, still, and he trusts me so much.
it. He bites the back of his hand for a moment to keep from crying out, until he remembers that John wants to hear him. So he lets himself gasp and moan as John’s tongue fucks him, and John hums encouragement. Sherlock lets himself relax into the attention, a little scrape of voice emerging with each huff of his breath, for John to hear. He’s so hypnotized with it that he scarcely notices the change when John probes him with two fingers, testing, but then John kneels up behind him, and Sherlock does notice that.
into my mouth. His whole long, sharp frame gets up against me. I drop the dishcloth and fist my hand in the back of his shirt—leaving a damp spot, no doubt, but it can’t be helped.
I’m not sure what exactly it is that wakes me up, but I open my eyes to find to Sherlock propped on one elbow, gazing intently at my face in the early light. He’s still got all the blankets, the untidy mass of them pushed down around his waist like draperies on a roman statue, although he is still wearing the tee shirt he slept in. His hair is wild, his cheeks still rosy with sleep. I feel small and rumpled by comparison, but he’s looking at me as though I were worthy of his interest.
“Where are we going?” I ask, as we try to hail a cab.
“Taking what?” John asked.
Sherlock is rousable, if only just, when we land at the tiny airfield that serves the village of Grimpen-on-the-Moor. A car meets us—not a taxi or one of Mycroft’s black cars, just a local lad who makes a little money picking people up at the airport. Or so he appears. He takes in Sherlock’s rumpled appearance without comment and hefts our bags into the boot.
I’ve seen Sherlock take drugs before: swallow them, snort them, inject them.  It was a difficult period of his life, and seemed to go on and on.  The public almost rioted.   Lestrade was finally cast to convince to him that he had to get sober, and he did, so far as anyone knew.  But the whole reason people were upset was that the drugs were real.  Mycroft went on late-night TV and explained.
Sherlock, meanwhile, kept to no fixed schedule.  He was often out when John got home, no matter the hour of the night, but just as often he was home and awake, working on some intricate and mysterious project.  As far as John could tell, he almost never ate, and slept even less.  He did request that John carry the rowan twig with him, which John did.  He continued to wonder what it meant, often taking it out of his pocket to examine in his spare minutes.  In an odd way, it almost felt as though it brought Sherlock’s presence with it, as though Sherlock accompanied him on his daily rounds.
It’s taken most of a year of tireless work to get me to this moment. Sleepless nights, clues found, connections made, bribes paid. Some bridges burned. But, finally, I am here. I have him.
I kiss him first, feel him shiver as our cocks rub together.
“I always wanted you.” My voice shakes, but I don’t care. “I loved you. I still love you. I just couldn’t…I couldn’t.”
I stare at the ceiling, wondering what I can possibly say. It’s all for him, all my restraint and care, so that I can stand to look my own reflection in the eye. But it’s not working.
He huffed dismissively. After a moment he turned in my arms, and I straightened my legs so that we could lie chest to chest. His front was as shockingly cold as his back had been. I suppressed a gasp as his freezing fingers slid across my ribs.
“So, why
“I’m sure
“Don’t underestimate the hunger for power,” Sherlock said. “Those who desire it would destroy anything and anyone that stood in their way. We haven’t seen the last of all that, you mark my words.”
“Do you want it?”
“So…what are we doing here?”
, or that’s how I read it.  Shit.  I have no idea how many rules I’ve just broken.
“There’s a cab waiting,” says Mrs. Hudson.  “The driver has the phone trace on GPS.”
He hangs up the phone with a gesture of dramatic weariness.
He hands her her hat and ushers her rather forcefully out the door. I think it’s only her sense of personal dignity that keeps her from physically shoving her way back inside. “Well!” I hear her say, after the door is shut. Then she stomps back off down the path to where her car is waiting.
It didn’t have much force for me, back then, but that was before…all this. Keeping my expression under careful control, I risk a glance at Sherlock, but he’s just texting away, looking  smug. I don’t know what bits of the canon Moriarty has smuggled in to him. Perhaps they don’t include
“Ugh, fine,” comes the muffled reply, and I sit down behind him, get my feet up, and hold on for dear life as the young rider watches us speed away.
