Happy brought his poker table a few times and played a few games with the three men and his girlfriend, May.
Steve’s eyes wandered around the living/dining room.  You could tell the walls were professionally decorated with art Tony didn’t even pick out.  When turned his gaze toward the kitchen, it reminded Steve of when he was making meals alone and feeling sad while Tony and he were fighting.  The memory of frantically grabbing towels to put pressure on Tony's gunshot wound.  He started to notice how cold and empty it felt in there.
That got Steve to stare back at his friend again, looking worried and on the verge of tears.  "That was a long time ago."
“C’mon...I’m sorry.” said Steve, still trying to reach for him and hug him.
just going to stay jealous until the end of time?”
"I wanted to take care of you, Buck.  I wanted us to take care of each other, which, by the way, we’re kind of doing anyway."
Bucky seemed intrigued, “I didn’t know that.  I’m sorry.”
She nodded at it, “Understandable.  What’s going on with your family?”
Suddenly he could feel Steve's breath on his face.
“No no no, my love.  He’s no problem.  I can handle myself.  Me and Scott’s dynamic is kinda fun.” she laughed, “But really, do you want to watch something else?  Do you even
He called in sick to work and changed into jeans and a soft blue sweater.
“I don’t know...” Marco said softly, “why don’t you just tell me where you are?”
He and Steve still locked eyes.  Neither man realized that they had been leaning their heads in closer to each other.
“I think Lieutenant Asshole just needs a vacation.” said Natasha.
They start making out and Steve even pulls the tablet out of Tony’s hands to straddle him and kiss him even more fiercely.
He smiled and slid in, closing the door and saying “Hi.”  “Hi, baby.” replied Tony, staring into his eyes.
Steve agreed with her and looked down at his phone for a distraction.  He sent an “Thinking about you.  I love you.” text to Tony.
Steve looked around his apartment, “Just...ya know, same shit.”
They once again turned their attention to the TV.  Steve became deep in thought.  Tony once again noticed him stiffen and asked if he was alright.
Steve arrived home around noon.  He went straight to his bedroom to grab some dirty towels when he realized Bucky was in the bathroom with the door cracked slightly.
Starting to eat, Tony glanced at his boyfriend wearing the sweater he’d given Steve as a gift their first Christmas.  “Thanks.” he mumbled around the food in his mouth.
“Oh yeah,” said Steve, taking a swig of his beer, “I was so fuckin crossfaded that night.”
“Steve, really.  I know I just made things more complicated-”
Steve nodded with a side smile and got up to get dressed in his work clothes, “It’s not cute.”
"You think I moved on?” Bucky laughed sadly, “Where am I right now?”
As the two friends sat at the bar, Bucky greeted them happily from behind it.  He introduced them to his co-workers, Koy and Scott.
Frank shook his head, “It’s a long story.” he rasped.
Steve immediately came over to see for himself.  “I thought the cleaning team was supposed to get rid of all that!”  “Didn’t catch the spatter.” Tony laughed, pointing at the top of the dining chair.
"What's up, Pep." He nodded.
After doing the dishes, Steve started to obsess about what he should wear.  It was the week before Halloween so it was chilly but he also didn’t want to make it seem like he was trying to dress up.
The waitress returned with a few bowls, spoons, and a giant pot of soup.  They served themselves and began to slurp down the rest of their dinner.
Nodding, he said “Yes.  I think that’s a great idea.”
“Get out.” he replied, looking down at the tile floor.
Bucky crossed his arms, “That is true...I’d rather listen to the same thumping rhythm all night then Bruno Mars and Maroon 5.  Even worse, those places might have KARAOKE tonight.”
“I was completely open and honest with you and you said it would ruin us. You said you didn't want me like that, not really, and we should focus on being friends."
Okoye was wearing a button down top, open and untucked with ripped jeans. She always kept her haircut shaved bald and makeup flawless.
Steve shrugged and his phone started to vibrate in his pocket.  “Excuse me.” he smiled, pulling it out and seeing his boyfriend was calling.
Okoye grabbed the cleaner and towels to wipe down the bar, “Steve, that’s right.  He definitely seems interested in YOU.  The way HE was looking at you, when you speak…”
Bucky burst into his bedroom and closed the door behind him.
“I don’t have to drink.” said Steve behind him.
“I would have considered it.” came Tony’s solemn voice, “If you’d have called me, we could have had a discussion.  I probably would have given you my blessing.  No one would have gotten hurt.”
“I guess?  I have a car and everything I own in 2 suitcases in the back of it.  I guess I was thinking about moving back here.  I don’t know.”
“Sorry we didn’t get to have the dinner you were going to cook tonight.  What was it going to be?”
Steve’s eyes glossed over, “I am sorry for that as well Buck...I love you, I don’t want us to drift apart again."
“Look,” sighed Steve, keeping his voice pleasant, “you knew he was going to come back.  He is my boyfriend.  We missed each other.”
“I remember.” sighed Steve, sitting up.  They said their goodbyes to the two women and Steve walked him out.
“It was caused by flashbacks of our time overseas...they put me in HR so that I wouldn’t be around people as much.  I’ve been doing yoga and going to group therapy with Sam.  That helps.”
An emotional conversation turned into a full blown argument very quickly.  Steve insinuated that he couldn’t be Bucky’s friend anymore now things were different, more different than they ever had been.  Bucky insinuated that he would never speak to Steve again for saying that and it was fucked up.  He told Steve that their discussion was over before they could say anything to make it worse.
The brunette man accepted it and immediately took a few sips of water.
“Good.  That’s good.”
It could be none other than “Enter Sandman”.
Avoiding eye contact again, Steve gave a sigh “Me…”
Steve looked over at him, “Are you doing better since...before you left?”
“Got sent home early.” he murmured, staring into his beverage.
“What if I find the snake before I even get questioned?”
“Oh really?” he huffed into the phone.
Bucky took his soda from him and shrugged, “If you want.”
Why did that thought make him feel relieved?
Steve nudged her and cleared his throat.
Of course he didn’t want to seem like he was trying to make Bucky look BAD, Steve just didn’t want him to jump into something new, with his friend, and break his own heart again.
With a small smile, Bucky looked away “Yeah, we got a lot in common.  She’s great.”
With a sigh, Bucky told him “Watch some TV, keep your mind off things for a little while,  and I’ll be back soon.”
“That doesn’t answer my question.” Steve sighed.
Of course Steve was afraid of rushing things back to normal when he was still in a transitional period with Tony.
The title of chapter 7 says it all.  Lemme know what you think in the comments!
“Yeah,” Steve smiled, “we’re at a hotel.”
“So do you, and quite well.” Steve breathed in his ear deeply.  He ran his hands down his legs slowly, moving toward his dick.
“It’s okay you didn’t want to tell me,” Natasha sent, “I’m just really perceptive.  Always have been.  Steve has been absolutely crushed over this situation.  He’s riddled with anxiety.  I’m not saying you should try to start over, and this was his fault too.  However, you should at least tell them you are glad he and Tony are okay.”
Steve heard the words going through his mind once again.  “Tell him.  You don’t deserve all this if you aren’t honest.”
A little while later, in spring, Steve and Tony finally had their housewarming party.  It was a nice gathering of about 35 people, therefore Steve was able to prepare all the food and alcohol himself.  Everyone was in semi formal outfits and the impressive stereo system throughout their house was able to fill the entire place with some upbeat piano music
“That’s good.” she said.
“Yeah, pretty much.  He just got a bigger one as a gift so, anyway, now all I need is like a sweet TV to mount on the wall.  We could start playing games together online from your penthouse.” smiled Bucky.
Paying more attention to Tony made Steve almost fall in love with him all over again.  It was refreshing for Steve to take care of
“Yeah?” Steve said over his shoulder.
Bucky stared out the window in the dining room.
The words made the brunette man’s bearded smile falter.
Steve looked over at him, giving him an adorable smile from one corner of his mouth, “I wanted to make sure you were alright.”
Steve gave her a dirty look and announced he is now moving on to the walk-in closet if she wants to follow him.  They both go to the bedroom and she sits on the floor while he starts to organize his clothes that were sitting in a pile on a bench.
Groaning, Bucky said “You remember me saying I won’t share you.”
“Yo.” he said, appearing obviously tipsy.
The feeling of Steve’s eyes producing more tears went unnoticed.  He only realized he was crying when Bucky rushed over to him to knock the blanket onto the floor and sit the both of them on the couch.  “Hey, wait...Stevie, it’s okay.”
Rhodey stopped pacing to look at him, “Tones…”
Being attacked while at war is how Rhodes met Carol.  That and they were both pilots.
“That’s not true.” sniffs Steve, “I’m the fucked up one.  I’m never satisfied and I’m selfish.  I just care about you.  I hate myself for doing this to you and Tony.”
The man’s face shot up and looked at him, making Steve jump back and gasp as he said “Bucky?”
He remained silent.
“Oh please, I’ve been around.”
Bucky breezed through his slow bartending shift, his head stuck on his best friend.
“What do you mean?” Bucky tested.
Getting dressed, Steve told Bucky he would bring home coffee and bagels, trying to get on his good side.  Bucky didn’t seem phased and only sent a simple “okay.”
Steve leaned up and pulled Bucky into a hug.  The brunette continued to cry, starting to apologize for it but his friend shushed him.  “I don’t want this hostility or silence between us to ever happen again, alright?” Steve said, “You’re so important to me.  I want you to be a part of my life.”
Steve took the robes out of the closet and turned to him, “Want me to help you?”
Steve realized they were going into his own bedroom.  The windows closed but the blinds were open against the sheer blue curtains, putting a frosty hue on the room.
The waitress took their orders for a large metal pot of soup and gave them their beverages.
"You do too," slurred Steve, "honey."  His hips were now wiggling while pushing back against Tony's cock.
“Great, right now.” nodded Steve, “Yeah, I feel like he’s actually starting to trust me again.  I haven’t even needed my meds over the past few months.”
“Night.” Steve replied.  Why did that sound like a goodbye?  “Is something wrong?” he asks Bucky.
“Does anyone plan that sort of thing?”
He also meets with Sam every morning once again even though he lives over 40 minutes away from their football field.
Marco looked around the living room and noticed Bucky’s own personal touches here and there.
Steve tried to avoid asking him what was going on outright.  “Well what about your family back in Indiana?  Have you thought about going to visit them?”
Steve rolled his eyes, “Whatever.”  He stood aside to let her in.
Steve scoffed, “Of course, since the whole Frank thing.  Got to do double therapy now.”
“I see...yeah it’s hard out here but I’m sure you could find something.  Maybe I can help.  What do you do normally?”
Bucky went to pull back since he was practically sharing breath with Steve and their lips brushed together.
forgiving...and I still really don’t know Bucky that well.  I’m pretty mad at him.”
“Feel okay?” asked Bucky, watching his fingers disappear into his best friend’s entrance.
Exhaling his smoke, Bucky looked confused then followed Steve’s line of vision to the man sitting to the right of him.
“Don’t have to be shy.”pouted Bucky, humor still on his face “I knew this talk was coming.”
Without seeming phased, Tony replied, “Oh c’mon, that’s nothing.  You still are very good looking.  If anything, it makes you look more tough and distinguished.”
“You take care of your buddy.  Tell me if you need anything.  Anything at all, darling.”
“Good boy.” said Natasha in a pleased Mom voice.
“I’m not trying to be mean, but I was honestly irritated with the fact that you were trying to get me to continue being your side piece.”
It was kind of like when they were in High School again, having sleepovers every night Bucky didn’t work.
A single laugh left Bucky’s throat.  His eyes darted around the apartment, “I did once, I guess.”
“Bucky!” said Steve, sounding grossed out by his words.
“No,” said Steve, looking up with worried brows, “I really am sorry for all of this...I shouldn’t have suggested it or encouraged it to go on for so long, any of it.”
“We should do this again.” smiled Natasha when they pulled back.  She kept her hands on Bucky’s arms that were still around her.
“Glad you didn’t.” he mumbled into his chest.
“Typical,” Tony smirked, “...you don’t have to always just suck it up, soldier.  You get a say in this."
“Stevie.” Bucky said again, stroking his hair to try to get him to make eye contact.  “You believe me, punk?”
“I like leftovers.” he shrugged.
“Oh yeah?  Gonna stay over then?”
A few squeaks escaped him before he was let go from Steve's arms and leaned against the counter.
Over all, the Army had decided to honor the contract and keep him as web security.  He scoffed at them, “You made me wait for weeks then come all the way down here just to tell me to keep going as usual.”
“I’ll make something up.  My oldest friend is in town.” he said happily, getting a smile back.  Steve hurried to his office and laid the package on his desk to open later then went to his own bedroom to change out of his army uniform.
“I said I wasn’t going to kill you.  I wanted to take something from you.” Frank said, looking straight at Tony with a smile.  “Just like how you took from me.”
“No, I think you were realistic and straightforward with him, Buck.”
Steve kept his calm demeanor and kept his voice as gentle as possible, "Even though you showed up at my place right after that?  You said you had nowhere to stay."
Steve glanced over to him as he plated some bacon for the two of them, “You alright?”
“I’m so happy I’ve spent the last few years with a sweet, young, gorgeous soldier like you.” Tony told him.
There was a bit of fear in Steve’s eyes as he looked up at his boyfriend.
Bucky thought to himself for a second, then chuckled.  “Right before I stopped drinking.”
"Just promise we’ll talk about furniture this week, ok?" Tony pouted.
“I see.” Bucky said, seeming impressed.  “The upper west side I presume?”
“Steve?!” Bucky laughed.
`Steve sniffed and allowed himself to be gently pulled to lay on Bucky’s warm chest.
“Just say the word when you are settled in officially.  I really want to come see it.”
“They LOVED you though.” laughed Bucky, taking a drag of his cigarette and coughing a little.
“You did, okay?  You did stop him.  I’ll be alright, I’m just never coming back there.  So you can make sure everyone knows they’ll never see me again.”
Bucky nodded, “Okay...you seemed to feel really bad about it.”
“Steve, I shouldn’t have done that.  I’m wrong, here.  Come hug me.”
“If he wants to, tell him to call me.  We’ll discuss it.”
Bucky snickered, "Indiana. It was fine."
“Oh God, the rats.” gagged Wanda.  “Yeah, I think rats are the state bird of New York.” joked Bucky.  “They can’t fly.” Happy scoffed/laughed.
Bucky pulled out his phone and so did she.  They seemed to be exchanging numbers.
Shaking his head, Steve pulled him into another kiss.
Just as he was emerging from the door to the staircase, he spotted his package on his welcome mat in the purple hallway.  However, there was also a man dressed in a black denim jacket and pants sitting on the floor, leaning against the door to his apartment.
“It’s fine...if you want to know.”
Steve hugged him tighter and groaned happily, “I love YOU.”
Steve got up from the couch and closed the door behind Tony as he walked into the kitchen.  “Need any help, babe?” he asked.
“Alright, well...maybe I’ll facetime you while I’m away this week.  I would really like that.”
Steve just didn’t want to rush his friend out.  He didn’t know anyone else in the city well enough to get another roommate.
Steve got home from work Friday afternoon to find Bucky’s shoes kicked off in the living room and his duffel bag on the floor of the hallway.
“Ya know, I remember having a talk with you sometime after Rhodey’s birthday party.” said Tony, seeming disoriented.
Steve shook his head and grabbed the toast from the toaster to butter it “I just...you seem upset.”
“I love you.” huffed Tony, no doubt upset that he had to hang up.
“We’ll talk more once you wake up, okay?” Steve said after him.
Bucky’s eyes focused on his face.  That nervous, handsome face.  He seemed small again.
They said their goodbyes and Tony started down the stairs to leave.
Bucky looked over his shoulder so his voice was better heard over the loud music, “I know you want 2 bottles of Heineken.  My treat.”
He smiled back at his new friend fondly.  “Thanks, Nat.  I just...I worry about my family and my own life and how things will turn out and I guess that bleeds into my dreams.  I’ve had sleeping issues for a long time.”
Bucky watched him cook for a second then saw a sort of realization and horror crawl over Steve’s face.
“Baby, don’t do that.  I can fix this.  Contracts are legally binding.  They can’t just throw out the one with my company.” He held both of Steve’s hands in his.  “We can fix this.”
They both sat down on the floor together.  “You know,” she said, “I have been hanging out with Bucky from time to time but I promise my intentions are friendly.”
“Talk to you lover.” Natasha shrugged with her hands full of her lunch box and lemonade.  “Just don’t forget to let me know if you can come to my party tomorrow night, alright?”
Steve screamed into his arm in surprise, later turning to moans with every stroke.
The two men untangled and laughed together.  Steve finished his first beer as Bucky snubbed his cigarette.
They hugged until Bucky was reduced to tiny sniffles.  Steve got up and sat next to him on the loveseat, “You alright now?”  Bucky nodded and wiped his face, “I think so.”  “Tony!” Steve called, hearing his boyfriend opening the bedroom door immediately.  He looked back and forth from Bucky to Steve.  They looked exactly like he thought they would, worked up and emotionally exhausted.
Bucky swallowed some food before stating, "My dad was crass as ever.  I had to put him in his place."
It had been a few days since Natasha had told him about what happened with Steve and Tony.  Now he was having dreams about getting Steve killed in Pakistan.  Even though he knew that didn’t happen, the dreams seemed so real and it always played out as if Bucky couldn’t help his friend who was pleading just within his grasp.
He made his way to the living room to witness his friend having a full on nightmare.
Steve leaned down to kiss him, “See you tomorrow.  I love you.”
Wrapping his plush bathrobe around himself, Tony walked over to his boyfriend and kissed him sweetly, “Alright then...but then...you’ll be...officially all moved in?”  He was smiling with an exaggerated surprised expression.
Other than it taking about an hour for all parties involved to show up for the meeting, it was pretty quick and painless.  Before his boyfriend dropped such a heavy bomb on him, Tony would have gone with his first plan and taken the hit in his business in order to indulge him.  Now, some of that high regard to Steve’s feelings had disintegrated.
Steve sprung awake defensively, a reflex left over from the military.  He was lying on his back and trying to sit up, but the weight of his boyfriend prevented him.
“For...almost taking advantage of you.” he said as if he should already know.
A few moments later, Steve pulled them out of the hug and looked down at the sad man in front of him.  He waited patiently for his boyfriend to speak.  Softly, Tony finally said, “I don’t know how to ever trust you again, Steve.”
They went inside and Steve turned on the light above his tiny round dining table.  He had a mostly open floor plan so the light brightened up most of his living room, kitchen, and dining room.
While his friend was out bartending, Steve got some packing done and made some digital art on his tablet.  He fell asleep in front of the TV again in the living room.
“It looks good so far.  I just got here and did a walkthrough of the floor.  I give my presentation tomorrow.” Tony told him casually.  He could hear random people in the background echoing in undoubtedly a hallway.
It would become a funny story about how Steve went around gathering all of the heat lamps in the place and put them in a circle around their table.  Tony said he felt like they were on Survivor and they couldn’t stop laughing when the waitress would come check on them.
“What?” Tony asked someone else in the background, “Yeah, alright.  Babe, I got to go but I love you.”
Tony pouted at the worried look on his boyfriend's face "Baby, I have said time and time again. Money is not a problem. My stock has skyrocketed, my investors are doubling every day. I didn't tell you this because I didn't know if it would change but...I'm officially worth 30 billion dollars right now."
It was important that Steve kept his breath quiet while he made his plan of attack.  He didn’t even close the door yet to keep quiet.  Carefully he sat down the bags of groceries on the floor and went back to watching the intruder.  Steve scanned him to notice the man was brandishing a gun.  Steve’s gun was in his bedside drawer.  All he had was his pocket knife and his reflexes.
It looked like Steve was just shaken out of his thoughts, “I know, I only care about you.”  Bucky pursed his lips, “Yes, but I’m officially telling you that you have to let me take care of myself.”
Tony sat them down on his massive sectional and sighed, “I got a very upsetting email earlier.  Apparently I need to go into the Army headquarters for an interview pertaining to...a conflict of interest case?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He got quiet and started to self reflect like he did in therapy.  So this wasn’t his business then.
“He’s a coworker?”
There was an obvious change in Steve’s demeanour.
“I never...thought of that.” said Wanda sadly, “I usually pick up people’s emotions so well.”
“I lost my phone.” Bucky laughed, “I… for some reason remembered where you lived and your code to get in and I just couldn’t remember your number.  I couldn’t even remember my own sister’s number for Christ sakes.”
Both of Bucky’s hands shot forward and rested on the top of his shoulders, making Steve sit up stiffly.
“Go.” whimpers Steve.
Chuckling to himself, Bucky thought for a second before answering.  “I guess it was the few times I ran to him after fights with Mads.  The first time, I was angry.  He hugged me to calm me down.  No one had ever done that.  It just felt good because he understood how to comfort me.   Also he saw what was wrong with her too...but still he sided with me.”
Bucky stammered, "Besides, he is in a serious relationship to a man that is literally putting me back on my feet."
Steve cleared his throat and switched his phone to the other ear, “I’m here, just seems a little unexpected.  Buck and I have been talking a lot and hanging out again.  I just don’t know why he wouldn’t mention it to me."
“Ugh!  You’re exactly what she goes for.” Wanda huffed, drinking more water, “If you find her, she’ll definitely flirt with you.  Watch.”
“We appreciate it.” said Steve.
“I just, uh...received a bad email.”
"See you tomorrow?  Or does that depend on how much you drink tonight?" Asked Tony as they got in the elevator.
“I just want to get it done.  Bucky and I will pack up some last minute things, and I’ll be right back over.” shrugged Steve.
Tony took two out and sat them next to Steve’s head where he still lay on the couch.  The blonde man sat up slowly to eat them, his blanket still wrapped around his broad shoulders.
Of Course Tony was able to charm the pants off of Steve.  When they met, he was immediately flirting with the devastatingly beautiful blonde man.  Then Tony started taking him to many fancy dinner dates since his pay grade was a bit higher than Steve’s.
“So, are you going to ignore me then flee again for a few years?”
Putting a cigarette in his mouth, stepping out with his best friend.
“I enjoyed seeing you too, James.” Marco said, adjusting his vest and turning to open the door.  He paused to face him, “Listen um...by the time I get out of this thing, it will probably be peak traffic time.  I’m wondering if it would be cool if I-”
The blonde man's brows furrowed, "What happened?"
“You guys help yourself to any food in the kitchen and the drinks are in the mini fridge under the counter.  Anything you want.” she offered, “I have to go mingle but I’ll come back and hang out in a bit.”
Tony scooted over immediately and put his hand around his lover’s tiny waist,  “You look...fucking delicious.”  He licked his lips as he smelled the fancy cologne Steve had on,  smelling like sex in a new car.
“That’s it.” Tony said.
He tried to even out his breathing and sat up a little, “I don’t know yet…”
They gossiped for a while.  When there was a lull in the conversation, Steve looked over to the kitchen to see Natasha and Bucky still giggling together.
Bucky took a sip of water and sat back, crossing his prosthetic arm and his real one.  “Alright...so basically...I was with that girl, Madison.  She got me a good job at a bar with her brother.  I was doing well as a barback...I was not even drinking because serving drunks every night kept me off of it.”
“What’s wrong?” asked Steve.
Bucky paused with a clean mug in his hand, “For what?”
“What are we doing?” asked Bucky with heavy eyelids and labored breaths.  His hands were still on his shoulders, preventing him from coming closer.
“Yeah, to him.” slurred Natasha, hooking her arm in Steves.
“You know I don’t want to do any of this shit.  I just will do whatever we need to.”
“No, it’s not just that.” said Steve, “I’ve just felt this...depression and I can’t make it go away.  I feel like I can’t sleep and I can’t focus right now.”
Bucky opens the door, says he’s sorry and heads inside.  Steve follows him, sobbing “Buck, please.  Why are you doing this?”
When Bucky woke up Sunday morning, it was from the noises and bacon smells coming from the kitchen.
Bucky hated to admit that he was a little relieved that there was no memory of who he kissed.  “Don’t even worry about it, Steve.  I encouraged you to leave after so it was all okay.”
"What’s up?" Asked Steve curiously with a mouthful of food.  Suddenly the brunette man hugged him tight around his shoulders.
He found Bucky asleep on the couch with an empty pizza box on the coffee table.
They got up and brushed their teeth together.  Bucky stripped to his boxer briefs and the two men cuddled up under Steve’s blankets.
“Some cocktails, sushi...maybe invite some people over to eat it with us.” said Tony, putting his arms around Steve’s hips, “How’s that sound?”
“No.  I promise.” she said, looking concerned.
The rising sun was pouring in through the windows.
He put the food on plates and brought it to the table.
More tears appeared on Steve’s cheeks as he nodded.
“You sure?”
“Please Buck…” moaned Steve.
Looking over him, the blonde man asked “Do you want to come to counseling with Sam and I this week?”
They shook hands over the bar and Bucky got back to work.
“Sorry.  We don’t have to talk about it.”
It had been a few months.  Tony and Steve were just moving into their new place, a lavish, modern house with more bedrooms and less floors in Southeast Brooklyn.  Steve had finally convinced him it was a good place to live.
Tony started to put in the code on the keypad to the front door, “No, he isn’t right now.  I didn’t think you guys knew each other that well.”
Finally he responded with “I’ve missed you too, Marco.”
Bucky shrugged and nodded, “Her mouth cancer...came back, so it spread...”
Tony pulled him down for their lips to meet.  This kiss was stern and purposeful, communicating appreciation.  Their lips didn’t move much, just stayed pressed firmly together for a few minutes.
“That’s not why they HONORABLY discharged you.” Steve told him sternly. “You know that.  If you are crazy, I guess I’m crazy too.”
A brief silence followed.
Frank seemed to come up a little closer behind him, “I was appointed actually to give him a gift from his coworkers.  They wanted to give it to him at the base, but he never had a last day or anything.”
“Really?”
“Then why did you text me immediately?  You only do that when you are upset.  Aren’t you happy for your friends?”
“You know, like an effortless friendship.” said Bucky casually, “That’s how it started anyway.”
“Hi Steve.” he smiled, walking to the hallway to leave them outside Tony’s bedroom.
Almost blacking out, Steve became a muffled noisy mess as his prostate was struck with amazing accuracy continuously.
Immediately Bucky put his phone on the coffee table like it was on fire and he didn’t want to touch it anymore.  When he sat back, Steve caught the way the light glistened off of tears falling rapidly down Bucky’s cheeks.
Steve’s eyes were twice their normal size as he listened to the man pour his heart out.  Bucky really had been denying himself happiness for a while.
“We’ve been hanging out.” said Steve sweetly.
“Are you...upset about that?”asked Bucky
The waitress came by and gave them the check.  Bucky did pull out his wallet but Steve insisted that he pay.  They went back to Steve’s place in silence.
Tony’s eyes finally met the blue ones staring down at him, “I mean, haven’t you thought about it?  Do you want to live where I was shot?  Where there is still blood on the placemats from a traumatic experience?”
“I got to go to work soon.” Bucky mumbled, holding Steve on his chest while the bigger man lay between his legs.
“Get her home safe.” said Bucky.
“What?” Steve asked in confusion, dropping his fork and looking up at him.
“What?”
“Yeah, me and Clint got along and your friend Coulson.  He seemed to like you a lot.”
“Because it’s boring!” Steve said, singing the last word.
They recalled memories together until Bucky had to leave.
More tears fell down Steve’s face silently as he listened.
Steve looked up at Tony to see if he heard her comment.  Sure enough Tony was staring at him  from the left side of the bed.  He definitely heard, but his face was neutral.  “If you could.  Thanks.” replied Steve.
“I’m bad news, Steve.  I’m fucked up.  I burn everything I touch.” Bucky says evenly.
Bucky pulled his fingers out and delved in with his mouth one more time, as deep as he could manage.
“I’ll think about it.” he nodded.
When the brunette man came out in the living space, Steve was sitting on the couch, using the smart remote to pick out a show.
Bucky nodded and slipped his black leather jacket on.  He pointed to the mirror, “When you move out, can I keep this?”
“I did.” he sniffed.
Bucky smiled a little, “Yeah, you’re right.”
That made Bucky’s eyes flash to his hands and start looking over his body.
They decided to meet up on a weekday when Bucky had the night off.  Pepper arranged an unmarked car to pick him up and take him in the hotel through the garage.
“We just...aren’t good for each other.”
Bucky looked over the side of his friend’s face carefully, searching for any hint of regret or embarrassment about his actions while he was drunk.  “I only reheated  meatballs.”
“You know it.  I managed to track down my great-grandfather’s metals.  They are made out of silver!”  When Steve’s boyfriend shook his head, he worried for a second.  “If we’re moving in together is that a problem that I like to research my heritage and collect World War 2 artifacts?  We could sell them to a museum one day, ya know.”
Bucky told him “You just came up to me so effortlessly.  I was unable to talk to anyone until you taught me how.”
Steve got even closer to him.
When their eyes met, Steve’s were filled with anxiety and fear.  Bucky tried to keep a light hearted tone to calm him.  “You look a bit bulkier.  You got a gym here?”
The sounds erupting from Steve were the loudest and most guttural of all.  He slipped an arm back to hold Bucky’s head in place, to his surprise, Bucky allowed it.
That made Bucky smile at him, Steve laughed all over again at his expense.  The brunette responded “I would love to, but it’s my first day to myself that I’ve had in a while.  I think I’ll just do my own thing.  I appreciate it though.”
Marco quickly asked for lube and condoms, and began to prepare himself quickly.  Bucky watched, stroking himself in awe then took over aggressively.  They were grunting and moaning gutturally like animals.
"I know we said we'd never talk about it again but, it's kind of...persistently coming back and making itself known."
“Stop being nosey.” chuckled Steve, watching her peeking into the rooms.
Steve scoffed to himself, “I know right?  I’m such an asshole.”  He drank some water and breathed deeply as he felt fresh tears start to fall down his cheeks.  All this sobbing was really starting to leave him feeling dehydrated.  His eyes burned by now.
“Sure, just text and ask if I am working.  Come hang out anytime.” Bucky said pleasantly, looking down at her.
“You gonna tell me who gave you THAT?” asked the blonde, pointing at his eye.
“Yes.” he huffed, putting his hands on his hips.  “I am...talking it out.”
Tony smirked across the candle lit table, “So, I have something to ask you...and I just thought this was perfect timing since it’s our anniversary.  Feel free to say no if you don’t feel ready yet.  I will totally understand.”
"Oh SHIT" laughed Steve, "That show was wild though."
Steve did the same.  They clinked glasses and sipped together.
“Just go do that and I will cook.” suggested Bucky.
Eventually Tony had come in the bedroom and heard him sniffing.  There was a soft knock at the door.  “Hey babe?  You alright?”  Steve cleared his throat, “Yeah, just feeling too deep in my thoughts.”  He washed his face, brushed his teeth, and stripped off his shirt so he was only in his pajama pants.  They both got in bed together and Tony pulled Steve to lay his face on his chest.
Steve took a deep breath and let it out, trying not to burst into more sobs.
“Fuck!” the blonde man sighed.
He laughed sarcastically but impressed.  “Ooh, upscale huh?  La Di da.”
Tony’s voice came abruptly yelling “Come help me.  I have one arm.”
Was Tony distracting himself because he was nervous about proposing?
He should have noticed that he had a prosthetic arm but Bucky was wearing gloves and his hair was longer and hung around his face, neatly over one eye.  It appeared he was starting to wake up.  “S-Steve?” he said, looking relieved, “Steve.”
As Pepper was getting out of the car, Tony realized he needed to talk to Steve about this and warn him about what he was thinking about doing.  He hoped Steve didn’t get upset with him and alternatively considered telling them to go fuck themselves.
“Why’d you go so hard last night?” Tony asked playfully.
He couldn’t ask Nat’s opinion because she had a complete opposite sense of style than Steve.
Steve bent down to pick up his packing and got the keys out of his pocket to unlock the door, “Yeah, come on.”
“Then what?” sighed Steve, throwing his hands up, “I just wait around to see if I’ll be discharged and Tony’s contract terminated?  Should I look for a new job?  Fuck-”  He broke into sobs and could no longer speak.
"How was Indianana?" She asked casually.
“Mornin’.” smiled Tony.
When Steve was stretched open, Tony lubed up the vibrator and slid it into him slowly.  He clicked it on to the first speed of vibrations.
"She's gorgeous, Bucky. Long silky brown hair just like you."
Bucky’s blue and grey eyes stared straight through him.  He started to notice the formation of what hit him in the bruise around his temple.
Steve shrugged, “I understand.  It has been a while since we’ve spent some quality time together.  We’ve both been preoccupied.”
Bucky sighed knowingly, “You can come back here and hang out after.”
A few minutes passed without a reply.  Bucky chewed his lip as he waited.
It really assisted their "moving on" process, since they literally moved across the city to the suburbs.  They, of course,had to talk about the affair and the invasion in their sessions. The couples therapist was an old liberal woman who did appointments from her Harlem home.
"Also I apologize for all that 'get out' stuff." whispered Tony, avoiding eye contact.
The expression on Steve’s face immediately became grievous.
It was like they were secretly playing house and just eating it up while they could with no plan of how long it would go on.
“You don’t remember working with him?” asked Tony through clenched teeth, “You don’t know why he’s upset with you?”  Steve was staring at the man in question sternly, “No.  I’m trying to think.  Other than that party, I honestly can’t place him.”
“Wanna dance?” asked Bucky, holding out his hand.  He kept his prosthetic tucked into his pocket.
Tony looks at him, then shakes his head, hands gripping at the raft.  “I-I’ll be fine here,” he manages.  While it now looks like the raft can definitely hold one person, two is a very different story.  Sure, he trusts that it can do so, because again, he’s Tony goddamn Stark, but he can already imagine trying to get on—clinging to the edge with one bad arm, pulling at it futilely… then capsizing it.  And he can’t risk that, not with Steve on it.
Carol levels her gaze at him, eyes hard.  “I think you do,” she says after sizing him up.  “And I think you two need to talk.”
"Is this a trap?" Tony asked in return.  He carefully sat up, maneuvering his injured arm down to his side.  "I say yes, you say 'aha' and claim it's proof that I'm not fit to come?"
plan of action, but with twenty-nine seconds left, it would have been nice if he picked up the pace.
Now that he knows, though…  “I should go,” he says, because right now he’s standing here and staring at Steve through the glass wall, and if he doesn’t make himself leave, he never will.
Tony spent the next few minutes going over the way the suit fit together.  They didn't have a lot of time and honestly, the level of detail he was going into wasn't strictly necessary—but it was clear Cap wanted to learn about it, and Tony… well, Tony wanted to please him.
He couldn't listen to this.  "You
So he looks.
- Tony pulled out the beige-colored shirt and pants hiding under the trench coat and held them up to himself.  The tailoring job was crude, but they fit Steve's slight frame.
“Really.”  If anything, he supposes it’d be good to meet the kind of people Tony hangs around.  “It’ll be fine.”
Tony woke up, and he was still Tony Stark.
Steve accepts the jacket, looking up into his eyes.  “You’re welcome, Tony.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
"Do what?" Steve pressed.  "Tell you the truth?  I'm not going to stop doing that, Tony."
"And they're coming back right now," Cap added, brow furrowed.  "I can hear them."
Ty poked at his cereal.  He was eating all the tiny orange donuts first.  "I'd think lunch."
He couldn't, it seemed - or at least, he wouldn't even be given the chance to try.  He graduated at the top of his class, Ty right behind him, and then he continued on to MIT.
"So, Steve, you mentioned rules in your last voicelog," Tony said once he started recording.  "And that's a - how would you put it - a gosh darned swell idea, I think. First rule: please don't use the bathroom as an excuse to escape a social situation ever again.  I just don't
Throughout the years, not a week goes by in which he’s not in the air, soaring over shining lakes and quiet lands, through glittering clouds and roaring winds.  He flies high and he flies fast.
Tony snorted softly, though he was still smiling.  "Says one of the greatest heroes of the twentieth century."  When Steve opened his mouth to protest, Tony held up his free hand.  "Sorry, but you can't fight it.  The history books have already added you."
He straightened after picking up another one to find Tony staring at him.  He'd stopped trying to discourage Steve from gathering them, but there was something in his expression that gave Steve pause.  "What is it?" he asked.
“Shh,” the person said, sounding annoyed enough that Tony could tell it was Rogers for sure.  “Stark, there’s something outside.”
It was when the row called "HARD_DATA" was highlighted that Steve made a breakthrough.  He'd hit the key labeled "enter", and the next thing he knew, the original text rows were gone, replaced with a whole new set of rows.  The first one, which was already lit up, was called "CA_forarmy.gif". Steve pressed "enter" again, which then brought up a black-and-white image of a man in some kind of full-body getup and an A on his head pointing at him and captioned "I want YOU for U.S. Army".  Another row called "CA_salutebonds.gif" revealed the same man from the first picture saluting the viewer. "Cap salutes you for buying war bonds," it proclaimed.
Steve considered it.  This was the future. The future had many new things.  Was one of those new things, perhaps, a box that could create a roast for you?
Eventually, Steve speaks again, voice low.  “Remember when you found me in the ice?”
There had to be more.
Rogers was still standing there, like he was steeling himself, limbs stretching and flexing.  Did he even have any jumping experience?  Tony was pretty sure he didn’t, since he’d been with him the whole time.  Well, that was just great.  Rogers was going to attempt a horizontal jump for the first time and it was going to happen over a bottomless pit.
"Do you see that?" Cap asked, standing close to the window and peering outside.  "There's a plume of smoke that seems to be coming a few miles off the shore."
For several moments, Steve did nothing but stare at it, dumbfounded.  Could it be? Had he not only dreamed himself as a rich teenager attending boarding school, but also nearly half a century into the future?  Maybe - maybe that explained some things. Things like the material the box on his lap was made of, or the strange smooth pens that didn't need to be dipped into ink, or the pristine whiteness of the light switches.  He'd thought, at first, that it was simply due to the fact that rich people lived such vastly different lives and had access to so much more, but it was starting to seem like it wasn't
for Captain America ever since he'd hit puberty.  The world had plenty of noble people throughout history to offer, but Cap was different.  Special. He'd been relevant in a time that was far back enough where people could romanticize him, but recent enough that he still permeated media to this day.  They made
.  Art that Steve had done of himself and Mom, sitting in a field of lavender - how'd Steve know that was Mom's favorite?
“Maybe,” Steve says, sounding contemplative.  “But I don’t think that’s it.  I think it’s something else.”
With that done, he pulled away, scanning the stadium—and there.  That was the press box, and unfortunately, it was right above the entrance the biters would soon be streaming in from.
"Check again," Steve said at the same time the first of the biters came into view from behind him—or, at least, that was what he assumed had happened, because her eyes went wide and her hand returned to clutching her heart.
Cap cupped his hand loosely, then held it out and shook it, as though he were rolling dice.  When he uncurled his fingers, they could all see it—the fragment spun around, reorienting itself on its own.
"This it?" he asked, as though it weren't obvious—it was clear Cap knew exactly what it was, given the almost reverent way he was staring at it.  Tony wasn't sure if he should be unsettled or not.
"If I die, it won't be at your hands,
The shield skidded to the ground a few feet away.  Steve stared at it, at the formerly metallic sheen now covered in dark muck that Steve wasn't even sure was blood—but that didn't matter.  What did matter was Tony kneeling in the dirt, his face paler than Steve had ever saw it.  Steve turned away from the shield, rushing over to his side and getting onto his knees as well, taking Tony's arms.  "Are you okay?" he asked again, inspecting the wrist with the missing sleeve.  It… looked okay, but Steve needed to hear it from him.
He put his hand in Steve's and squeezed.
He can’t bear to be in this room anymore.  He turns Steve’s wrist back over and straightens before heading back out to the real world, hating himself for looking.  He shouldn’t have, because now he knows—no matter how much he tries to dance around it, to rationalize it in his head, the truth remains that he killed Steve Rogers.
.  In mere hours, this is all going to be at the bottom of the ocean.  And the people on it…
"Hey," Cap said quickly, stepping forward.  "You okay?"
Cap let out a soft hum.  "So do we check it out?" he asked.  "Cut some trees down, build a raft, sail over?"
Tony looked back at Cap, bewildered.  "What?" he said.
Tony thought about it.  He was still hurting, but he felt slightly cleaner, and Rogers’ hands had helped soothe him a little.  “Better,” he admitted.  He hesitated a moment, then added, “But I think my ribs are fractured.”
There was a loud thump at the door.  Steve tried blocking it out, but then there was another thump, louder this time, accompanied by the sound of wood cracking.  "What—" he began, and then there was an agonizing pain in his neck, and he gasped, stumbling back at the same time Tony burst in, his eyes looking wild.
“Oh, Tony,” she all but purrs, rubbing his shoulder.  “When will you ever learn what’s best for you?”
," the voice said.  "That's what you lackeys do, right?"
, he tapped out.
"Okay," Steve said.  Half an hour ago, he might have gotten upset at Stark keeping more secrets from him.  But hearing what he'd gone through… it would be okay, he thought, if he waited.  "Different question, then.  That woman.  Obviously that… change triggered in her.  But she wasn't
Tony laughed.  "To who?  People like Luke and Natasha don't strike me as the kind who would be particularly interested in my… our adventures."
Steve glanced at Tony, who hesitated, then nodded.  He looked as uncertain as Steve felt.  Who needed full names these days?  The temptation to lie was strong, but he got the feeling—and he thought Tony did too—that she'd know if they were lying.  His shield already made it obvious who he was, anyway.  "Steve Rogers," he said.  "And Tony Stark."
"Answering questions about myself is a security risk."
“Right now, no, there isn’t.”  Steve gives a small shrug, looking thoughtful.  “But… you sent me an email earlier.  While you were deleting your brain, I think.  And it made me realize something.”
“That’s what I do.”  Tony’s eyes flicker up toward him, and he grins, grinding his body against Steve’s, causing him to flush and gasp.  “Hard.  See?”
The smoke thinned just as the hall split into two, and Steve held back, needing to decide what to do before he lost his cover.  At that moment, a biter tripped over him, and though Steve was quick to throw it off, it was too late—the others had noticed and were rapidly approaching.  Steve held his shield out and bowled through them, nearly running into a wall when the hallway ended.  On a lark, he went right, spotting a classroom door almost immediately after and throwing himself inside.  He kicked out blindly, and not a moment too soon—his foot made contact with the door, and it slammed shut just as the biters started thumping against it from the other side.
Steve groaned and turned to look at him, and for a second Tony feared that this wasn’t
something terrible.  Tony was almost tempted to think that maybe Steve had put two and two together wrongly, but no, Steve had never been a fool.  He was clever and smart and so, so brave, even in the face of his impending fate.
“So generous of you.”  Tony heads toward the couch, then turns back, eyes locked on Steve’s as he shrugs out of the bathrobe, revealing tanned skin and firm muscle underneath before tossing the garment aside carelessly.  Steve licks his lips.  “So,” Tony continues, looking immensely pleased, “are you going to tell me how to pose, or are you just going to stare at me all day?”
He couldn’t hear the sound of it hitting the ground.
the last person to see your injuries," Cap mused.  "They're pretty bad, you know."
When Tony finally lands in front of the hospital, he’s mentally exhausted, his mind fraught with worry for Steve’s well-being.  According to Carol’s last update, Steve’s tentatively okay, but his accelerated healing abilities make surgery more difficult than it should be.  Tony stomps up to Steve’s floor still in his suit, intent on pushing his way into the operating room and—and glaring at the bullet pieces until they pop out of Steve on their own accord, maybe.
“Can I get a rain check on that?” Tony replies, and he flies off into the air before Steve has a chance to reply.
they were captive, Steve didn't want to know—now on the loose.  He threw aside the last piece of the chair he'd been tied to, then took off running back toward the room he'd woken up in, away from the biters he could hear from somewhere behind him.  Once there, he flung both his and Tony's packs over his shoulder, hoisting his shield.  He was on his way out when he caught sight of Maya, still out cold against the ground, and despite everything, he paused—she was the one who had done this to him, but… he couldn't just leave her here for the biters to devour.
surprisingly, she doesn’t look very happy.  “We’ve been looking for you,” she says as she falls into step behind them, jabbing Tony in the back.
“Classified.”
“You won’t.  Go!”
"Thanks," Cap said politely, as though Tony had given him a more salient answer than just a shrug.  He opened the jar, pried it out of the foam, and held it in one red-gloved hand.  It looked spectacularly ordinary.
And then that was it.  One of the most brilliant, witty, caring men the world had ever known, and it was almost like he had never existed.
Tony shrugged.  "Well, we're going after this because the Nazis want it, right?  But as far as I can tell, it doesn't do much aside from act like a magnet even though it looks like a rock.  But maybe you've experienced otherwise."  He wasn't sure if this was a safe topic or not.  Cap thus far had made no comments on his affinity for it, despite it being pretty clear to at least Rhodey and himself, and Tony wasn't sure why.  He thought again of the pages of blacked-out text and wondered if he'd understand better if he'd known what it said.
Tony brought up his hands once more, but with the sabretooth moving around so much and the limited space he had from his position inside the igloo, he couldn’t get a clear shot.  “Dammit,” he muttered, considering his options for a moment before ducking his head and running out, leaving the safety of the igloo.  “To your left!” he called, and shot again as Rogers somersaulted away.
Neither of them said anything.  Tony cast around in his head for something to talk about—not
Once the stars stopped capturing his interest, though, he found his eyes drifting toward Steve’s pack.  He hadn’t really looked inside it, except when searching for something more appetizing than beans—which, unfortunately, did not yield him any particularly thrilling results.  But he was aware that Steve kept his notepad in there, and even though he knew he shouldn’t be nosy, well, he was curious and bored.  Besides, it didn’t look like Steve was paying attention to him right now.
So Steve stayed quiet, listening to Stark speak.  He told Steve about the beginning, when news reports about how the homeless dying from exposure seemed to recover and attack pedestrians started to come out at the turn of the decade.  He told Steve about the middle, when those people who had been attacked seemed to turn on everyone else, and riots swept across the nation.  And he told Steve about the end, when civilization as they'd remembered it collapsed, when the ones who'd managed to stay sane went into hiding from the ones who hadn't.  Apparently, the virus, bacteria, whatever the hell it was—it changed people who were hanging on to their last threads of life.  It took away their minds, leaving behind only some sort of primal urge to feed.  It wasn't the bite that drove them mad—the bite only accelerated their death.  The potential for madness was already there, and
As it turned out, Arnie's winking wasn't the only confusing thing.  Over the course of the day, other strange things cropped up. One of the girls in the grade below him kept turning around and smiling at him from her row, and Dougie from the grade above didn't throw wadded pieces of paper at him until
In any case, he supposed it didn't matter all that much, since it was still all just a dream.  For now, there was the mystery of these voicelogs. He was half-afraid he'd summon another racy picture once he hit enter, but his curiosity demanded that it be done.  With a glance back at the door to make sure it was still firmly shut, he took a deep breath and pressed the key.
“Stop it,” Tony says, scooting a little away from him.  Are all third-class people like this?  So—so nosy and persistent and definitely not striking a chord somewhere inside him?  “I’m going to let go.  And you’re not going to stop me.”
Tony snorts even as he obliges, picking up the pace.  “I’d reiterate the whole—ah—pushy thing,” he pants, sliding one hand up Steve’s chest as he speaks.  “But who am I kidding?  It’s as hot as hell.”
They nod and murmur their assent, then take off one by one.  Eventually, it’s just Tony and Steve left, but just before Tony launches into the air, he waves at Steve.  “Need a lift?”
Tony’s face went white, “Like a drug habit?”
Wanda smiled, “Always so caring.  Love you!”
“Steve," he gasped, "you're not even thinking clearly.  You can't be sure of-”
Tony was healed and back at work, feeling a lot better about life.  The two of them started biweekly couples counseling and cut down on their regular therapy.
Marco’s statement kept echoing in Bucky’s head
“I deserve it.” breathed out Steve, “I still love you, no matter how you feel about me.  I will always protect you.”
Steve smiled and nodded, “You’re right.  Thanks, man.”
"You should probably try and get in touch with him before they do." Suggested Bucky.
A silent few minutes later, Tony checked the antique clock on the wall and determined that Steve would be home within the next 10-15 minutes.  Frank continued to pace in front of the cuffed man and gripped his semi-automatic pistol tight.
They drank in silence.
“It’s okay, Stevie.” said Bucky softly,  “This will probably end up being nothing.  Don’t let them scare you into giving up.”
There were a few nights Bucky didn’t leave the bar until 4, sometimes 5 in the morning, but he would always try to make it home on time to run with Steve and Sam.
Steve swept him into a bear hug and tipped him backwards until Bucky was lying back against the couch pillows.  He hovered over the brunette man.
“Give me a hug.  You need one.” he insisted with a slight pout.
Steve became nervous and started to tiptoe toward him cautiously, wishing he had brought his firearm with him the night before.
“Sure, how about that leftover chicken soup I made?” Steve replied sleepily.
He started to think about what he could say to his superior when he called in.  There was no way he was going to work today.
“Hell no.  If they ask about her, I’ll tell them we broke up.  Nothing more.”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” she laughed, waving him off.
Tony absolutely worshipped him like he promised.
“Not at all.” smiled the waiter, placing their dishes dinners in front of them.
“Alright, hydrate.” said Steve.
Shaking his head quickly, Bucky said “No, I wasn’t judging or-”
“Don’t ever do that, Steve.  Please.  I don’t want that thought to even enter your mind.”
“I can’t quite pinpoint the reason,” he sighed.  They both giggled together.
“Sounds good.” smiled Steve, leaving kisses across his chest.
Bucky slipped down his own pants, “Can I fuck you, Stevie?”
He stared a second before replying, “It did at first, but I realized I just want Bucky to live his best life and nothing seems good enough for him...from my perspective.”  Steve searched his man’s eyes for any signs of anger or sadness.  He didn’t find any, so he continued.  “My friend’s had a rough life.  I just always think helping Bucky is my responsibility, but it’s honestly not anymore.”
“I don’t care, hug me punk.” said Bucky.
Natasha was flirting with Bucky and dominating their conversations.  Steve tried to talk with her and distract her when Bucky went off to work, but she would become completely distracted every time he approached them.
“Nightmares.” he answered casually.
Tony’s head popped up to attention and Frank turned to point his gun in the direction of the sudden noise.  Knowing his cover was blown, but also that the guy couldn’t see Steve yet, he yelled out “Tony, you home?”
Tony smiled and nudged him as he got another beer.
Steve shrugged, “I suppose.  It is pretty cool having a concierge service that will do all our dry cleaning here.  Also there is room service if we wish.”
“Steve,” Bucky said, “I think you should do a little investigating of your own.  See who might have it in for you.”
Nodding, Steve looked around the apartment in his own thoughts, “Yeah, I’m glad you guys got along.”
“Oh!” she said, choking on water she was trying to sip through a straw.
He still was jogging with Sam every morning and doing meditative yoga, (still not telling him what happened with Bucky) only letting him know he and Tony were having issues.  Sam thought it was normal for a couple getting used to living with each other.
“What finally broke you down to go over there?” smirked Bucky over his shoulder.
“What if I need to get groceries?”
Sam nodded at the both of them and stood up straight, “Hey.”
“See, that's amazing!  Just...” Bucky shook his head, “Why are we like this?”
There was an encouraging nod from him to indicate that Bucky could keep speaking.  “It takes two people to cheat and I definitely shouldn’t have encouraged it.  It wasn’t right to you or Steve.  I am a fucking asshole for doing that to you when you helped me so much and have been nothing but nice to me.”
Steve looked apologetic and nodded.  Bucky straightened up and continued, “Wanda needed a date to her cousin’s wedding.  She said she couldn’t find anyone else to go with.  When I agreed, we started to chat more and got to know each other.  Then we started to have impromptu dates.  It’s in the early stages but we are having a good time.  I mean, yeah, becoming Facebook official so soon was definitely her idea but...I don’t mind.  I like her.”  He kept his face neutral.
With a content sigh, Steve kissed his cheek slowly a few times, “I do have all the time in the world for you.  I’m sorry I haven’t been showing it lately.”
They groaned in unison when Bucky pushed in as deep as he could and held himself still.
“Named after a great man.” nodded Sam, “I love nicknames.  I even have one from the Air force.”
Tony made eye contact with Frank just as the man moved his gun to point it back at Tony’s head.  “Yeah, just got back.  Traffic was a nightmare.” he replied, managing to sound normal.
------------------------------------------------------
Paparazzi were constantly parked outside of the hotel where they stayed in hopes of getting a glimpse of either of the two men.  Steve’s black eye was still prominent since he had been punched directly into his eye.
Steve jumped up and got in his way, “Why are like this?!  Why is your first instinct to flee, huh?”  He was fully crying.  It felt like Bucky was trying to get them broken up as friends as soon as possible so he could get the “hurting” over with.
“Hmm?” Tony murmured, watching the show.
Oh no.  After getting him to talk this much, Steve feels like he fucked everything up.
“Actually, I never thought of that.  Sounds fun!”  He immediately pulled out his phone and began applying to every location in the city.
“Are you going to listen?”
“Happy.” he nodded.
“Then say it.  Right now.  No bullshit.” said Steve, scooting closer and getting in his face.
There was some music playing in the distance but they barely heard it over how loud everyone was talking to each other.
“I thought you were interested in Nat.  She told me she invited you to hang out.  You guys seem to be hitting it off.”
“Shut up.” laughed Steve.
Steve shook his head and then started to cry again.  He couldn’t be left at home being sad over Bucky and losing what he worked for.
Steve rolled his eyes, “What do you think?  I’m not good at letting things go and you only want people who are unavailable.”
After working out, Sam asked Bucky if he would join them for group therapy sometime.  He could only give him a maybe since he had a lot on his plate.
The hand gripping Steve’s hip was getting tighter.
“No you didn’t!” sneered Frank, rolling his eyes, “You got paid to leave then did so with all your pension intact.  You have a good reputation with the Army.  I want you to suffer.  I wanted your relationship ruined and your precious boyfriend over there to lose money.  Of course none of that happened because they didn’t want to fucking get sued!”
This was usually the part Tony gave up on their little game. He knew he had to keep playing along.
“Shit.” Bucky murmured under his breath, picking out a button down shirt and a sweater to go over it.  He put his hair back in a low ponytail at the base of his neck and went into the bathroom to wash his face.
“I knew that was going to come up.” chuckled Tony, looking toward the hall to make sure they weren’t coming.  “He’s not off the hook, alright?  For right now a few things have been put into perspective for me.”
“You’re okay with that?” asked the blonde, biting his lip.
The two men sat in silence for a few minutes.  Finally, when Tony found his voice again he said “Steve, we always,
“Okay, but you gotta heat it up and eat it in bed with me.”
They got their food, enjoying the expensive but delicious meal.  The only conversation while they ate was about the performing jazz pianist.
“Tones.” Rhodey grinned back, leaning over to hug his friend.  Carol stepped up to do the same.  “Love that sweater dress.” Tony said with admiration.  It was color blocked with blue on top, gold around the middle, and red on the bottom..
The three of them exchanged looks.
The hands gently cupping the blonde’s large shoulders dropped.
“I said, ‘Man, I wish I did.’” he smirked.
“$350 for both.  How’s that sound?”
“I love you and I love Tony.” whispered Steve before enrapturing Bucky’s mouth with his.
“Hey, if you wanna complain, I’ll take you to Evolution.”
“Really great.  We celebrated our 2 year anniversary last night.”
“Thinking about dinner yet?” mumbled Tony.
Tony just hugged him tight and kissed at his cheek, “I missed you.”
“I just said it would be alright.  You sure you don’t have to ask your BF permission?”
He kept assuring himself that this wasn’t going to be an attack or a barrage of accusations.  In no way could he let himself get emotional.  This needed to be a normal discussion about communication, not the new relationship blossoming in his friend’s life.
Steve shook his head, “You’re here now.  Stoppit.”  He kissed him a few more times to get him to calm down.
Bucky’s jaw clenched and unclenched, “That’s it?”
There was a message from Marco that read “Hey, you’re in Brooklyn?”
“Are you going to be okay?” Bucky asked sweetly.  “You’re not still upset, right?”
Tony cocked his head, “Is that...a bad thing?”
Finally Bucky sighed and stared him dead in the eye to say “Shit, I’m just...I’m sorry Tony.”
Steve shook his head, “I appreciate it, but you don’t have to cater to me or anything.  You deserve happiness.”
“No, no...I can make time.” said Steve softly, taking off his hat.  “Look, you waited for me out here.  Why don’t we go inside?”
“Night, Buck.” smiled Steve.
“I believe that you are upset about this bullshit investigation.  We all are at the office, by the way.  But that’s not what’s making you depressed, I know it’s not.”
“He didn’t tell you?” asked Steve.
Ultimately, he started to accept that his secret shame was eating him up on the inside.  It had been almost a month of no communication with Bucky.  Tony would ask why he wasn’t hanging out with him anymore and Steve said he was working too much but would admit that he missed his best friend.  Having him back in his life was so nice until he took it too far.
He took a shower and got himself together.
"Look at these losers." Bucky told him as he handed him a polaroid from a small shoe box.
Welcome to the most important and exciting chapter!  Tell me what you think!
“He stayed with me for like a week, not 6.  Eventually, living rent free like that looks like he is taking advantage of you.” he said kind of cocky, insinuating Steve was being naive.
Steve mentally told himself to slow down and gently moved the hand away that was fondling him.  “You better stop before we have to cancel the reservation.” he warned playfully.
Steve buried his face into the pillows to scream again.  He was slightly shorter than Tony but definitely thicker.  It burned in the best way.
Steve chewed his lip, “Yes.  What time?”
“No.  Between me and him.  Recently.”
Bucky furrowed his brow and glanced over at the man in question then looking back to Steve.  “Put your arm around me.”
Steve still asked to call.  Bucky said he was just going to bed.
As Steve opened the door for them, Rhodey gasped at the sight of how big of a black eye Steve was still sporting.  “Yeah,” Steve laughed, “I actually have multiple bruises healing at different rates.  The doctor said the discoloration was normal.”
“I know, baby.  Wanna g-give it to you...all the time.  Mmm!” moaned Tony, his eyes closed and his hips thrusting forward against his hand.
When Steve re-emerged in his apartment, Bucky was staring at his phone on the couch.
Steve smiled softly at her, “I know.  It doesn’t matter anyway.  You can do what you want.”
Steve interjected and started a new discussion on how Bucky should prioritize his potential places of employment.  Then Bucky started talking to Tony about his company.
“Of course he does, what’s not to like?” said Steve, amused.  He cleared his throat, “I actually...should have probably suggested she not get so drunk tonight.  I hope Nat wasn’t too embarrassing.”
Sipping his coffee, Steve sent Natasha a text, asking if they could talk.  She replied with “Is this about Bucky’s facebook?”  Natasha was always a few steps ahead of him.
He leaned in to kiss Steve rather forwardly, making the crowd whoop and holler.
It was getting more difficult for Steve to ignore the dizzy sloshing in his head.  He relied on his friend for supporting his weight with Steve’s hands atop his shoulders.
Pepper had to resort to hiring a single private driver to take them wherever they needed, constantly changing the type of vehicle so that the photographers wouldn’t notice.  The only good news that came of the incident was that Stark Industries stock was through the roof.
“I’m sure you’re gonna do great, hun.” said Steve, “It’s what you’re best at.”
“Hold on a second.” Sam laughed, running in front of him and reaching for Steve’s left hand.  “I didn’t get a call from you and...I don’t see an engagement ring.”
He introduced Bucky and she went to shake his prosthetic then made a whole ordeal about apologizing and they both had to assure her that she didn’t do anything wrong.
Jazz was playing softly in the background over the awkward silence.
"You take care of me more often." admitted Bucky, "I'm a bigger mess than you. That wouldn't have been fair. I didn't know what to do with myself then. Let's face it, I don't really know what I want to do with my life now either."
They went out to put in applications.  After a few hours, Bucky got back to the apartment with 3 interviews already lined up.  (The other places seemed wary of a one-armed bartender.)
It was the morning after Steve’s confession to Tony.
Steve arrived home with 2 cloth grocery bags full of food and went to open the front door with his key as usual.  As he stuck in his key, it was alarming to Steve that the door was left unlocked.  That door was definitely locked when Steve left and Tony ALWAYS locked it as soon as he crossed the threshold.
“Hmm?   Yeah.” Steve replied.
Tony had been avoiding Steve in the evenings by coming home late on purpose.  Steve would have to go teach his painting class and wouldn’t have time to cook them dinner.  Most nights Tony went over to Happy or Rhodey’s house to hang out and have dinner, making Steve eat alone.
There wasn’t a chance to give a response before Bucky used his hand to spread the cheeks in front of him and dive in with his tongue.
After leaving work at the Army base, he arrived in his small one bedroom apartment to ravage his closet.  It was hard for him to put together the sexiest and fanciest outfit he could since he kept second guessing himself.
He sent his friend a text while he was riding in the hired car, but he received no response.  Bucky must just need some space right now.
“Right.” Steve said, snapping out of a trance and holding the phone to his ear, “Hey!”
“I need to make time for all my friends.” said Bucky, patting his knee, “Okoye has been asking me to go dancing with her for forever and Scott has been talking to me about baseball fantasy teams for next season.  Wanda and I said we would take things slow so that’s what we should do.  Maybe slow it down more.”
Pepper giggled at him, “Now is that such a bad thing?”
The two of them sighed softly at the same time, giggling right after then locking eyes and sharing a kiss that faded back into a tight embrace.
“Yes, exactly.” Bucky said, stifling a smile.
She kept her arms crossed and turned back around.  Of Course she was in a long red dress and heels with a black trench coat and her hair and makeup looked professionally done.
“Italian.” Bucky suggested.
“At least we look hot enough not to wait.” Steve said loudly into Bucky’s ear, holding onto his belt loop as they pushed their way through the crowd of men trying to get into the bathroom.
“Why didn’t you-”
Tony settled his underwear covered cock in the dip of Steve’s hip and just pressed firmly and pulsed like he was desperate.
--------
Bucky grabbed an ashtray off of a table and pulled out his cigarettes.  He put one in his mouth and lit it.
“You just had coffee.” said Steve playfully.
“What do you mean?” asked Okoye, confused.
“Oh, you son-of-a-bitch!”  Sam yelled, trying to run as fast as Steve on the track around the empty football field.  They usually met at the track field early in the morning to train, 5 days a week.
“I want to move in, honey, I do.” said Steve sincerely, taking a few steps toward him with his arms out.
“Sure.” Steve said, shoving some fish into his mouth with a fork.
“Yeah, that way you get to live here, he has a place and can still save up for a bit, and you can take your time moving.”
“Where are you going?” asked Steve.
Bucky slid over to Steve and leaned his elbow on the bar, “I upgraded your whisky because that guy said he was paying.”
Tony noticed Bucky and Nat deep in conversation and steered Steve over to the vacant loveseat in the living room.  “He’s making friends.” he whispered to his boyfriend like they were proud parents.
“If you don’t want to see what he has to say, just delete them.  Block his number.”
Sitting back, Steve nodded to himself, feeling flushed a little at the realization.  Was it the right time?  What if Tony WAS planning to propose that night?  Great, now he is wondering if he should get his hopes up.
Immediately the two men could tell that Marco was crying and trying to hold back the shaking in his voice, “James-”
“Violating your contract, how could you have done that?  You work for HR.  You’re just a bookkeeper.” asked Bucky, getting a little upset and protective.
“Sure.” smirked Bucky.
A pouting, sniffling Steve nodded and looked away.
“Yeah, I think so.” he responded.
There is a tense silent few minutes where the air is heavy between them.
Tony nodded, “I myself have been known to flee once or twice.”
“No,” snickered Tony, “my plan is just to keep drinking.”
“I’m going to Tony’s for brunch as soon as I wake up.”
That night, Steve and Tony were in their boxer briefs, turning down the duvet and getting ready for bed.  Switching on his lamp, Tony asked “So what did you guys do over at Bucky’s place?”
Steve put down the coffee, looking concerned “She hit you?”
“I’d probably like to speak to one of you at a time, honestly.” said Bucky, “I owe you both an apology for multiple reasons.”  “Alright.” nods Tony, “Should I go first?”
"Make me cum. Show me what a good slut you are." Moaned Tony being pushed over the edge at that moment.
Steve took back his hand, “Do you want to talk about it?”
Taking a deep breath, Steve started over and went into the entire history of he and Bucky.  He even told Tony about how they slept together in High School and the military and finally, went into what happened when Tony was away on his trip.
Tony’s hands held his shoulders and rubbed up and down.  “It’s me, baby.” he whispered.
“Oooh!” she whooped when he opened the door, “You look hot.”
Steve's jaw dropped, "Sweet Jesus!"
“I’m definitely relaxed right now.” smiled Tony, tipping his head back.  Steve washed his hair, then his boyfriend returned the same treatment.  When the two of them dried off, they ended up lying naked in bed, cuddled up under the covers with some food competition show on TV.  Steve had his head resting on Tony’s pec while the older man stroked his back with his right hand.
Marco snickered and shook his head, “Hell no.”
Steve shook out of his daze and finally looked up at the lady waving her hand at him.  “Sorry, what?”
“Don’t touch me.” Peter said his spider sense going off warning him of Tony’s hand about to touch his shoulder.
“How dare you.” Ironman said smiling not able to stop the happy feeling of Tony being there take over his features. ‘I love you.’ Tony said and Ironman shook his head smiling.
“That stupid collar. He...” Peter whimpered trying not to cry.
“It’s worse than we thought Peter they say you’re in a coma” He heard Jensen say and then heard Jared beside him
The Avengers Tower was actually one of his favorite spots to perch on but it wasn’t the Avengers Tower yet and Peter sighed entering with the rest of his class. They had a routine tour checking out the lower level labs and stuff and it was cool Peter only flinching at the name of Tony once.
“Yeah I just remembered something.” Peter said and promised himself he would do some research later tonight. Wait did he even have his powers? Was he still Spider-Man? Peter asked himself and was determined to find out.
“It was just a kiss... it meant nothing!” Tony said as Ironman let him go and lied down on the bed crying.
“Leave us alone!” Tony yelled and the voice of Steve came through the door.
~~~~~~
“Fine.” Jared said picking up the last of the papers. Jared picked up the collar and Peter shook his head the sudden pressure of Jared’s hand on his throat startling him.
“Cap you don’t have to do that.” Tony said leaning against him.
“No problem Tom.” Jared said and Peter got some cereal with milk and ate breakfast happily.
“Yeah you did!” Tony said hugging him.
“I heard what Jensen was saying and if you really are listening... I just wanted to say... I’m sorry we couldn’t save you.” Richard said and sobbed holding the collar tight and crying quietly. Peter sighed sadly the pressure around his throat suffocating.
Tony fell to the ground getting out of the armor and glaring at Peter and Peter punched Tony really hard knocking him out.
“Right.” Tony said going back into the vent and working on it.
Tony got on his sunglasses and his eyes felt much cooler and he felt much better. Tony smiled putting on false happiness telling himself it would be okay. Tony knew he couldn’t change his situation so he just pretended it was okay and maybe it would be okay eventually. Tony hated it but it worked most of the time. Tony called Rhodey and they talked about anything and everything. Tony was just glad Rhodey was there for him. At least that’s what he told himself.
“Whatever I didn’t even want to be an avenger anyway.” Tony told himself.
“No problem.” Ironman said calmly not used to being called Tony.
“Peter I don’t know if you’re still here or can even here me...” Misha paused and Peter panted as Misha held his collar in his hand no longer feeling the inside of it.
“I would think it is we fight together we are a team.” Natasha said and Tony rolled his eyes.
“Y-you want me to show them?” Ironman said feeling scared.
“Sorry!” Tony said them being half and half again.
“You were going to upgrade it?” Tony said and that peaked his interest.
“Who is Ironman?” Natasha asked Tony as they ate breakfast.
“Contain him?! He is a kid!” Banner said turning a little bit green.
“Yup.” Natasha said and then walked out of the room too.
“N-no.” Peter said denying it not wanting a repeat of last time.
He wasn’t surprised to see Tony there putting the collar back on him and weirdly under his collar on the suit. Tony then took the tie from Peter’s neck and started tying it for him.
“Tony.” Ironman said noticing Tony’s shoulders slump and Tony frowning slightly. Tony looked up at Ironman and fake smiled not wanting Ironman to see how he hurt him.
“I did.” Peter said truthfully and throwing the cartridge back in the bin.
“Nice job kid.” Tony said and Peter smiled.
“I couldn’t sleep.” Mark said as he got out some cereal and milk.
“Umm, you...” Peter said calming down.
“Alexander Calvert.” Another younger looking man said stepping forward.
“Thank Steve.” Tony said falling asleep exhaustion getting to him.
“Okay.” Steve sighed and then got ready for his date with Tony and Ironman.
~~~~~~
“S-Stark... Industries?” Peter said feeling fear seep into his heart.
“Tony!?” Steve said freaked out and Sam, Clint, and Natasha just looked at them shocked.
"Tony," Cap said from off to the side.  It was the first time he'd spoken since Tony's presence was made known.  "Who is this man?"
Bucky pressed up against him, and it took Tony a second to realize that he was steering the bike back toward the plane.  "We don't stop this, the whole Eastern seaboard becomes target practice!" he shouted in return. "We gotta turn it around!"
"Yes," Tony said.  "But more importantly, they were the base of a formula that could be injected into a person, which… destroyed them from the inside.  It didn't turn them into biters, but it… reprogrammed them.  They kept their knowledge, but they lost all of their identity."
Steve hesitated, then nodded.  "Sure," he said.  His shield appeared in his field of vision, and he blinked, looking up to see Jessica holding it out to him.
He didn’t have much time.  Steve bucked, trying to throw him off as he turned and snapped his jaws, his teeth coming dangerously close.  Through some miracle, Tony managed to hang on, ignoring the searing pain in his arm as he turned around, grabbing the shield.
, Tony’s just thrown away his life for him, but his heart feels like it’s about to burst.  “You’re the most brilliant, amazing idiot I’ve ever known.  But you’re my idiot.  And I love you.”
"Because the other member of my group caught polio from you Americans," Natasha said angrily.  "I can't leave her for extended periods of time to search.  I have to watch over her."
"The Captain has them," Rhodey said.  Tony must have reacted in some way, because he continued, "Is there something wrong with that?"
Maya gazed at the syringe in her hand, her expression—adoring, it almost seemed.  "I saw the bite mark on your neck," she said.  "I've never seen anyone with a bite mark who was still in their right mind."  She looked back at him.  "Is that why you're Captain America?  Because the military found out that you had some sort of extraordinary immunity?"
Practice went terribly.
"Gee, I can't wait," Steve sighed, gripping at the bed he was sitting on.  Then Tony pierced him with the needle, and Steve hissed softly, letting out a pained grunt.  "T-think the last time I got sutures was in '43," he managed in the hopes that talking would distract him from what Tony was doing.  "We were in a factory.  Lots of moving parts.  Bucky patched me up that time."
There was a pause here.  Tony heard a sigh and what was probably the sound of Steve drumming his fingers against the laptop.  Eventually, he went on: "Anyway, I guess if you're listening to this now, it's probably after we've switched back.  And you probably know that I'm - uh, you know. Because you've known since that last time we switched, didn't you? I sure didn't know back then.  I spent so long wondering what you were going on about with all the stuff you put on my papers and on my body. Do you remember? You wrote 'I know who you are', and I thought to myself, well, I'd sure hope that you did by now.  Then a couple of years later, they came out with comic books about me, and I realized what you really meant.
, just to make sure that Steve was going to be okay, his body, apparently, was having none of that.  He found himself involuntarily collapsing onto the floor, the gauntlet slipping from his limp fingers as his vision went black around the edges.
As they continued south the next day, after they'd washed the blood and guts off of themselves and raided a department store for clean clothes, Steve realized that the parkway they were following would take them right through New York City, and that they'd be there within the next couple of days.  "Tony," he said.  "You think it's possible that maybe—if it's not too much trouble—we could stop by Brooklyn?"
Sighing, Tony erased the last bit and started over.
"Just go," Tony managed.
Voicing that observation was too much effort, though, and Tony gave up on trying, letting his eyes fall shut instead.  His arm still felt like it was on fire, but then there was a gloved hand against the side of his head, gently petting his hair and making him forget about the pain for a fraction of a second.
"Not our own transport, anyway," Tony said, clapping his hands.  "So there's going to be a lot of improv, probably.  You up for that, Cap?"
Steve exhaled softly, curling around Tony in return.  He'd missed this.  The warmth.  The closeness.  "If we hurt each other, it'll happen regardless of whether we kiss each other or not," he said.  "So we might as well kiss."
Rogers quirked an eyebrow at him.  “Why?  Because you’re still looking for your classified toy?”
Tony could almost see the pulse in Steve's neck jump when he heard that.  His mouth opened, and Tony expected to hear some level of denial, of incredulity, of rage -
Steve lay down on the bed and stared blankly at the ceiling, trying not to think about the woman's brains splattered all over the snow.  It was going to be a long, long night.
was not the right response.  But the other one…
After all these years, Steve was finally found.
He starts to draw.  His ears are still burning, but he tries to ignore it, focusing on Tony instead, on the curve of his face and the lines of his lips.  He’s never committed someone so perfect to paper before.  Tony, for his part, is surprisingly quiet—he seems content to watch Steve work, saying almost nothing at all.
Steve pulls away quickly at that, cheeks flushing.  “Sorry.  I’ll be more careful.”
"But I don't have anything to call you besides 'Cap'," Tony protested.  "That's not a quality I prefer in the people I work with."
friends, despite the thing Steve had said in his final voicelog), in the present that very much existed, while Steve was from a past Tony was increasingly starting to doubt had ever even happened.  It had been months since their last switch, and with each passing day, a thought repeated itself in his head, growing ever more insistent: had any of that been real? Because if it hadn't, if all of it had been some grand delusion Tony had come up with, then he was being a terrible friend in favor of some imagined hallucination.  More urgently, it probably meant something was massively wrong with him, though God knew if that were the case, Tony would take that to the grave.
"It's not," Stark agreed.  His voice was hard.  "The people who died during the war were still capable of missing the family they left behind."
What did Tony do in this situation, he had to wonder?  Was this something he had to deal with on a regular basis?  He'd never said anything to Steve about it, not directly, but he'd alluded to it a few times and that was enough to inform Steve that what was going on right now wasn't the first time this had happened.  Had he told anyone, or had he just… dealt with it by himself?
Tony doesn’t move.
"No," Birch said.  Tony looked back at him, and he was glad to see that Birch was no longer laughing, his pale face drawn and concerned.  "I was supposed to ruin him—ruin his future—with his own weapons—"
Confused, Steve reached down, pulling out… his journal?  That
"You're bleeding all over the place," Tony replied, voice sharp.  "We have to do something about it."  He looked up and around.  "Wait, look.  We're literally right next to a hospital.  Let's go in and I'll take care of your leg, and then we'll get out of here."
Steve shook his head quickly, pulling his hand back.  "Please," he said.  He knew it wasn't a good idea, but… "I want to go this way.  Please."
"Ah."  There was a long pause.  Eventually, Yinsen continued, "And this is what he saved you for?"
Taking a deep breath, he starts down the hall, cursing loudly as previously dry parts of him are now soaking wet.  This is awful, really awful.  But he’s going to free Steve, and it’s going to be worth it, and everything will be alright.
It wasn’t so long ago that Steve had wondered how someone could be ready to die.  How was such a thing possible?  How could someone know what was going to happen, and yet still be able to come to terms with it?
Tony nodded as he came closer, while the woman continued to linger in the doorway.  "I'll let you two have some privacy," she told them.  "Then I'll bring you something to eat and we can… talk."  Without waiting for an answer, she left, the door again closing behind her.
They fall silent then, arms wrapped around each other as they shiver together.  There’s still screaming and shouting from all around, and if he twists a little, he can see one of the officers clutching at a floating piece of debris, blowing on a whistle.  But as far as he can tell, the lifeboats are all still far away, like they’re waiting for something.  For what?  For more help?  For them to all freeze first?
As far as he could tell, he had two options.  The first one was that he'd rather suddenly developed another personality named Steve Rogers who had taken over him for a day, while he'd dreamed about being Steve Rogers in 1940.  There was medical precedent for this, though maybe not quite like what he'd experienced. But it was a
"Oh," Cap said softly.  "You're up."
“No one,” Steve replies, looking down at his lap.  “I… don’t like my words very much.”
"Stevie, no," came a weak voice that Tony was
Eventually, though, he gets curious, and so he asks around.  Father doesn’t tell him anything, ordering him to get back to his studies.  Mother, though—Mother is helpful, and she patiently explains the concept of soulmates, explaining that those words will lead him right to his own someday.  Then she shows him her own wrist, displaying the words
to be nervous.  “Mostly I just worked from place to place.  A few factory jobs, some construction ones… anything to get by.”
He let out a long breath, slurped his soup, and continued to read the rest of Steve's entries to see what he'd been up to, when the latest one - dated yesterday - gave him pause.
“Fine.”  Steve pulls them into a nearby room, which fortunately looks deserted, then shuts the door and looks at him again.  “There.  No one’s around to see us.  Now will you tell me what’s wrong?”
blood," Cap pointed out.  "And that's why you're lying in the bed and I'm not."
.  “I… I…” he stammers uselessly, not sure how to make this humiliation go away.
Blinking, Tony quickly slipped the letter back inside, trying to remember what Bucky had just asked.  "No, of course not," he answered, since that seemed like a reasonable response. "I just…" He didn't know.  Without the journal - without any personal items, period, aside from the sketchbook - Tony found himself terrifyingly lost when it came to what Steve was thinking.  They'd shared so much only to end up as strangers.
They managed to find a small pond partway up the mountain after dusk, deciding to set up camp there for the night.  As Steve went to lap up water from the pond, Tony opened the pack of black beans and ate them cold, feeling too vulnerable to start a fire.  What if pterodactyls were nocturnal?
And yet, his traitorous brain thought anyway.  And yet.
Oh, so the backpack was what Ty had been searching for.  Steve stuffed the last of his muffin into his mouth, trying to look casual.  From Ty's expression - and, Steve feared, from the bedhead he supposedly had, even though he thought he'd done an okay job at combing his hair this morning - he wasn't sure he was succeeding.  "Humor me."
Before Howard can say anything about the interruption, Sunset walks toward them, offering them each a lifebelt.  “We have to get on deck,” she says as Tony slowly reaches out to accept his, blinking down slowly at it.  A lifebelt.  There’s only one reason they’d bring these out.  “It’s bad.  We need to move.”
Cap shook his head slightly, surprising Tony.  "The artifact," he said.  "There are three pieces, right?  We have two.  It makes sense if he has the last one."
Soon enough, Steve decided he could stand reliably, maybe even walk, so he shuffled to the black curtains, pushing them aside to find that he'd been right about them covering the windows.  They didn't reveal much aside from a dusky sky and snowy grounds, but since the last thing he'd seen was the Atlantic coming ever closer to him, any sort of land was a relief.  Still, he needed more information, and so he decided to head outside, hoping to find a landmark or something to orient himself with.
“Okay,” Tony says, and as he watches Steve go, he thinks he knows what he has to do.
Steve leapt away from the blast, which gave Tony time to scramble upward again, his free hand clutching at his injured arm.  Shit.  What was he supposed to do now?  He couldn’t kill Steve.  That was an awful idea.  But he could hardly let Steve kill him, because that was also an awful idea.
"Okay," Steve said.  "And what about the other person, the one you want us to find?  'South' isn't enough to go on."
The screen turned on, showing a plain white background with a horizontal white line moving up and down.  Steve blinked at it confusedly, about to put the strange contraption away when suddenly a fuzzy voice - not unlike the fuzziness he'd hear on the radio, but stiffer somehow - announced, "Facial scan accepted.  Welcome, Tony Stark."
After what seems like an extraordinarily long kiss, Tony pulls away, looking smug as he gazes down at him, panting.  “Enough?” he asks.  “Or do you need another moment?”
—" Tem continued, but before he could finish Steve banked hard to the side, crushing Tem underneath him before rolling away completely.
"DESIGNS," read one row, but there were no designs to be seen.  Another was labeled "VOICELOGS," but again, there were no voicelogs anywhere (not that he knew what a voicelog was, anyway).  Yet another was called "HARD_DATA". Frowning, Steve picked up the box and turned it around, wondering if there were any knobs he could use to interact with the screen like he would for a television.  The search proved fruitless, though, and in frustration Steve prodded at the keys again, trying to get something to happen.
“You’re damn right something’s happened,” comes another voice, laced with contempt.  Oh.  Father.  This is going to be fun.  “Search him.”
Steve's brow furrowed.  "So… what? You just ditched the whole thing?"
- had managed to swap places with him through time for a day, which made no damn sense at all.
Tony rolled his eyes, even though Rogers couldn’t see, then pulled his gauntlets on, securing them in the darkness.  “Or we could just stay here for a few more days and hope it goes away on its own.  Come on, let’s go.”
“Yes,” Tony breathes, and he’s kissing him just as much, fisting his fingers around Steve’s lifebelt and pulling him close, like he needs as much of him as he can possibly get.  “Steve, Steve, I’m so sorry, but—but I couldn’t leave you here alone; I
,” he hisses, “do you think you’re doing?”
of the cabinet.  He definitely hadn't put it there the last time he'd used it.
No answer.  It’s okay.  He’s sleeping deeply.  They’ve both had a long day, after all.  But it’s time to get up now so that they can get on the boat, and with that in mind, he pushes at Steve’s chest a little, rubbing his shoulder.  “T-there’s a boat, Steve.  Wake up.”
“Uh huh,” Tony replied absently, turning to one side and wincing as he curled up underneath the blanket.  This was going to be a fun night.  Or was it even night at all?  It was probably the morning now.  Well, the morning could go suck itself.  “Don’t let me down, Rogers.”  He took one more deep, searing breath, and then he was out like a light.
“Yeah.”  Steve reluctantly removes his hand from Tony’s shoulder, offering him a smile in return.  “Later, Tony.”
From beside him, Rogers gave a reluctant little nod and fell quiet.
"Okay," Tony said, taking hold of Steve's wrist and trying to tug him away.  "We don't have to go that way."
, but she'd apparently felt the need to force them to do it.
Soon after, the entire row was dusted and translated.  Tony hadn't seen fit to bring the oracle bone glossary, but Pepper, bless her, had—and though there were some words they couldn't attach a meaning to, they were able to figure out most of them, and Tony thought that there could actually be a pattern.  "This is the only tile in the row that
” she calls, and then she vanishes into the proverbial sunset.
Pepper leaned closer, frowning.  "That's not Chinese," she said.
Steve groans, punching the doorframe in frustration, although he holds himself back just enough to not do any damage.  Tony doesn’t say anything, watching as his display shows Steve’s heart rate slowly, slowly lowering.  “Take off your mask,” Steve says at last.
“Howard…?” Sunset says.  Tony wonders if she ever heard of the whole Ty fiasco.  Probably not.  He’s under the impression that his father worked very hard to hide it from her.
Tony rubbed his forehead.  "I don't know," he eventually answered.  "It might have been bad luck, but there's no reason Japanese planes would be flying over that area normally.  So maybe it was him.  And if it was—then that means this guy has known where we were, fast enough to either meet us there or get there in advance.  I'm getting the feeling that hoping that he
“So,” Tony said by way of greeting as he slid into Steve’s sleeping quarters, since the door was open and really, he should have closed it if he didn’t want visitors.  “I see you still have your charming pelt there.  Any plans for it?”
“I don’t know,” Tony admitted, tongue loose at the discovery.  But it didn’t matter.  It was something.  “Whatever it is, it’s big.  Come on.”  He took off, ignoring the wheeze in his lungs as they pressed up against his ribcage, far too excited to care about the pain.
“Left!” Tony yells back, and then they’re off again.  They continue doing this for what feels like the next few hours, though in reality it’s probably much less than that—but God, walking in this is as exhausting as all get-out, and he’s tiring fast.  Finally, though, they reach a staircase, and Steve pulls him up, breathing hard as they finally reach dry footing.
,” Tony tells him, even though he’s not and hasn’t been since the day Steve died on those courthouse steps.  But Rhodey has duties, important duties that Tony
For a few seconds, they just stared at each other, Tony feeling like his heart was pumping almost uncomfortably loud in the silence.  Captain America… the hero, the legend… had just revealed himself to him.
“Where’s Steve?” he demands, because if the shield was here, then so was Steve, and if Steve’s around, then he’ll want to see Tony, won’t he?
Sunset bristles.  “Stop playing the victim,” she snaps.  “You deserve it.  Do you have
Forget saving them for the person his words are for.  Ignoring them altogether—that’s the way to go.  Isn’t that, after all, what he’d decided on so long ago when he’d been burned as a teenager?
Tony stared at the long line of letters he could see on the control panel and realized, with thirty-nine seconds left, that he had no idea what to do with this.
that a tiger circle fragment is right here in this tomb, not including the piece we brought with us.  It would make sense if it were buried with her, one of the most prominent diviners of their time."
It was a paw.
again.  “Don’t stop,” he manages.  “I can take it.”
he had to privately admit he was pretty jealous that Tony's school could afford to teach foreign languages.  Imagine! French!
"No, there's no need," he finally said.  "Unless you want to get everyone at once.  We should figure out what we're going to do in Fengjing."
Tony blinked, realizing the point Steve was trying to make.  “Oh,” he said.  “It’s not enough food for you.  Is that what you’re trying to say?”  Steve nodded, and Tony pursed his lips, thinking about it.  Steve was huge.  He was also not human.  What did sabretooths eat?  “Should we… hunt?” he asked uncertainly.  “Are you up for some dinosaurs?”
?  As fast as he can, he dashes away from the rail, running back inside and taking the steps down two at a time—and there Tony is, looking worse than ever with his arm hanging limp at his side and shirt soaked in blood, but then their eyes meet and Tony looks at him like he thinks Steve is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen and now they’re running into each other’s arms and Tony gasps, eyes squeezing shut as he holds onto him like a lifeline.
"It's strange," he finished quietly, "because I just said all those words and yet I know that none of them can ever really convey the depth of my feelings."
Tony traps him.  Tony reboots when Steve tries to bring him down, and Tony beats him until Steve’s suit is torn and his skin is bloodied.  When Steve still refuses to surrender, Tony has his guys activate their audio-blocks, bringing all the rebels down to their knees in agony.
“That was the gossip of the day, back during the war,” Steve says as he turns to raise an eyebrow at Tony, who holds his breath and prays he hasn’t been busted.  But Steve just turns away again, looking contemplative.  “But I’ve never shown my words to anyone.”
Steve looked around, half-afraid he was about to do something forbidden, then pressed down on one of the keys.
"I see it too," Cap said.
Finally he was able to get a good grip on the shelf, and he started lifting, body screaming in agony as he did.  His bad arm ached worse than ever, but he kept going until he was able to push the shelf aside with a ragged exhale, falling to his knees afterward.
Steve can feel his heart leap in his chest as he blinks slowly at him in return, hardly able to believe the words he’s just heard.  If he’s being honest with himself, well… he’d hoped for this.  Hoped that maybe Tony would want to throw everything away and just start over.  But he hadn’t actually expected it to
“I should never have let you know how much I needed you,” Tony whispers at her wake, and he feels that hole in his heart he thought he’d filled opening up all over again.
In the next instant, Steve had bounded forward to close the distance between them, hissing.  “Uh, Steve?” Tony began, backing away.  He bumped into a tree, then quickly shimmied out of the way so he could keep on backing up, since Steve was being creepy and continuing to approach him slowly.  “It’s me, Tony.  You remember me, right?  Because you have a sort of glint in your eye and it’s unnerving me just a little.  So why don’t you just—”
Tony smiled brightly again and went back to work.  Steve watched him for a moment, glad to see him back in his element, and then he got off the train, heading into the tunnel.  He'd have checked it out without Tony's prompting, anyway—if this train was functional, it should have gone somewhere, and now Steve was wondering if there was some reason it was still parked here after all this time.
There was a lot.  Their location, Stark's missing suit, who "the others" were, the way Stark had just killed that woman—who was apparently "already dead"—without even trying to diffuse the situation… among many other things.  "I don't even know," Steve said, shaking his head.  "Tell me everything."
He shrugs her hand away, staring blankly at the wall opposite him.  What… what had just happened?  He’d been so happy just a moment ago.  And then everything had changed.
He watches as his Tony—his beautiful, brave Tony—disappears into the hallway, and he wonders if it’s better or worse if he never sees him again.
When Tony finally collapsed from exhaustion that night, covered in his own writing, it was with terror in his heart because he knew, he
"How many times am I going to have to ask if you're crazy?" came the strained reply.  "I'm not fucking letting you go!"  He yanked sharply then, and after a moment, Steve found himself being pulled inside, the biter trailing after him.
"You did," Cap agreed.  He tapped his fingers against his shield for a few seconds, then continued, "What can I do?"
, they say in deep red ink, the handwriting identical to his own.
Somewhat unsurprisingly, nothing happened.
"No!" Birch repeated, his voice sharper, more panicked.  "I know the stone works!  How do you think I ambushed you in China?  How do you think I knew you would come here?  I was told by someone who could use it—who saw what you'd done before you'd done it!  I know!"
That seemed like a lot of effort, but Tony supposed he could try.  He started to lift up his right arm—well, lift it up even more than it already was, because someone had elevated it already—then immediately aborted the action because
And Tony knew that he was feeling what Tony could feel rising in himself again: there was his pulse.  There was that beat that carried the memory of Steve. It was erratic, but it meant that he was still alive.  Against all odds, he was alive.
Only one way to know for sure, and so he double-tapped the icon to play it.
Tony swallows and slowly turns toward his father.  He can already guess what kind of conclusion he’s coming to, based on how many veins appear to be standing out.
, because no one is
Tony held his arms up, charging the repulsors.  The suit could withstand bullet fire.  He wasn't afraid—not of any physical consequences, anyway.  But Birch—Birch was here and Birch hated him and Tony couldn't help but wonder if maybe he could have done something different.  Maybe all of this was his fault.  Things so often were.  "Don't make me shoot you, Birch," he said quietly.  He wasn't sure if he even could.  Birch clearly had bad intentions and evidently didn't plan on stopping anytime soon, but if Tony hurt him, what kind of stain would that make on his soul?  Even though he knew, he
“When we’re done here,” Tony says.
"You kidding?  I went there all the time as a kid," Steve said, reminiscing.  "I used to imagine that I was an officer on one of those ships.  Not that the Navy was my goal, but the ships were right here…"
She shrugged.  "That's just how it's always been, Stevie.  You don't need to worry about it."
Fengjing, unlike Yinxu, had far more greenery, and plant life was abundant as they headed further into the ruins.  There was a particularly tall structure that Tony could make out deeper in, which, given their current trajectory, seemed to be their current goal.  "Mind your step," Rhodey called back to them.  "A lot of this stuff looks like poison ivy."
He threw his shield again to knock away the biters surrounding Tony, using his legs to disable the ones that were closest to him instead.  Then the woman screamed again, and Steve turned to find that one biter had broken a window and was crawling inside, hands reaching—he pulled it out and threw it as hard as he could against a nearby building, the crack it made on contact audible even in the heat of battle.
Steve was right, though.  They definitely needed to set some rules.
He groaned, running his free hand through his hair.  Okay, yeah, magic was nice and it made his heart work and he was very grateful.  But this whole sabretooth business was almost making it not worth the trouble.
have accomplished things no other women have even dreamed of.
“Yeah,” Tony repeats, because that’s pretty much what happened.  He cracks a smile, squeezing Steve’s hand in return.  “See?  That was a completely fatal situation, but here I am.  It’s fine.”
Steve doesn’t know about that, but he’s happy to have Tony touching him this way, so he doesn’t respond—not with words, anyway.  He keeps one hand on Tony’s hip while the other one slides up along Tony’s back, feeling his muscles shift as the other man moves in him.
.  So he opened the package, then dumped the meatballs into a bowl and set them in front of Rogers, looking at them doubtfully.  Sure, he knew they were calorically dense and designed to be consumed by active men in the army, but… they seemed so small compared to Rogers’ massive size.  How could they ever fill him up?
"Damn right I do," Tony said, unable to help but feel a touch of pride.  God, he was lucky.  He hesitated, then added, "I guess you're no slouch, either."
There were stairs, and he took them down one by one, the armor clunking awkwardly with each step.  It wasn't meant for fine detail movement, but the alternatives were to either stay outside or discard the armor, and neither appealed to him.  So further down he went, following the trail Cap had left behind—a fallen guard here, a shield-edge-shaped dent there.  He wondered where Rhodey and Jarvis were.  He hoped they were alright.
"That's enough for me."
Tony's eyes went wide, and he immediately sat up in Steve's arms so he could rummage through his pack, pulling out the smoke bombs and firecrackers.  "Get ready," he said, and then he set off the first one and dropped it onto the ground next to the floor.
He was almost in when a sudden weight almost dislodged him, and above him, Tony grunted in pain, still trying to haul him up.  Steve looked down to find a biter clinging to his waist and swore softly to himself.  By now, at least, the train was going fast enough that the biter's head was lolling back a little, unable to fight the wind enough to bite him.  He kicked, but still the biter held fast, its teeth gnashing.
Steve wasn't sure if his heart was still beating.  They'd come so far.  They were days—maybe even just
I’ll be back.”  He splashes over to where Steve is standing, then kisses him hard, panting as he looks into his eyes—and Steve feels the three words he’s been dying to say right at the tip of his tongue.  But no, he thinks.  He should wait until they’re safe, or until… until they run out of time.
, Tony thinks, and he gets ready to take Steve down.
But if he closes his eyes, if he just relaxes and allows the wind to blow against his face—Tony can imagine his warm presence here behind him, one hand outstretched and telling him to
Tony managed a weak laugh.  "A shit ton of things happened," he said.  The smile faded from his face as he continued, "You… passed out.  I was terrified you were going to turn, but I couldn't just… you know.  So I just sat there and waited, and when you didn't do anything I decided to take a chance.  I broke into a car and I put you and Bucky in the back seat, and then I got into the driver's seat and drove.  For a given definition of driving, anyway."  Tony sighed and ran a hand through his hair.  Steve wanted to take this pause to ask about Bucky, but he decided Tony would get to it when he got to it.  "Gasoline degrades over time.  It's why I never suggested driving, because it doesn't work.  The car was slow as molasses and it was weeping the whole time because it was running on disgusting oxidized gas.  But it moved, and that was the important part."
He shut the notepad, quickly shoving it back into Steve’s pack and glancing over at him.  From the looks of it, Steve was still staring into the pond—he should put a stop to that, probably, and so he got up, walking toward Steve.  Once there, he took a seat beside him, ignoring his surprised glance.  “Hey,” he said.  “You want to talk?”  Steve gave him a look, and Tony groaned, rubbing his forehead.  Right.  Steve couldn’t talk.  And the reason he couldn’t talk was probably because Tony thought he was annoying.  Magic was irritating sometimes.
“Famous last words,” Rogers muttered.
"It's time to get up, sunshine boy."
“Good.”  Steve pulls Tony toward him again, eying the water as it comes closer and closer.  “So what’s the plan now?  Stay here?  Go somewhere else?”
Wasp bit her lip, looking nervous as though she didn't want to be the one breaking this news to him, but it had to be done.  "Over half a century," she said at last.
Shit.  Oh,
He groaned, putting his hands over his eyes and waiting for the dizziness to pass.  Maybe the trauma of killing Steve had driven him crazy, because he was pretty sure sabretooths didn’t talk with Steve’s voice in real life.
dystopia almost fifty years into the future, was not something he'd ever read or even heard of before.  And finally, the only French word he'd known before his class today was
Tony still couldn't tell what Cap was thinking.  "Yeah," he said as casually as he could manage—which, he had a feeling, was not actually all that casual.  "I mean—you said you enjoyed this, right?  And… and you're nice to have around.  So.  It was—it was an idea."
“What wasn’t worth it?”
"Yeah, rules like 'don't choose my senior year electives without consulting me and enrolling me in an art class, oh and also what the hell, don't throw out all my booze', right?" Tony muttered darkly to himself once the voicelog finished playing.
Tony leaned into the touch, his eyes watery as he gazed up at him.  "Thank you," he managed, voice cracking.
“My God,” Tony breathed, running over and wrapping his arms around Rogers’ neck.  He couldn’t help it.  No matter how much Rogers had grated on his nerves in the past, he’d almost
Tony looks down at himself.  “You’ve gotten charcoal all over me.”
He presses his lips to Steve’s neck and tries to push it all out of mind.
“Yeah,” Steve whispers right back.  “T-the lifeboats will be b-b-back in a moment, once the s-ship is gone…”
“Tony, then,” Steve says.  “Your lips are blue.  Come here.”  And he wraps his discarded jacket around the other man.
, this guy was happy, and then that recording ended as well.
, Steve had said.  Standing in freezing water that goes up to his thighs, Tony can see why.
Steve managed a nervous laugh.  "What do you think I'm doing here?" he said.  "Let's go."
When Steve starts putting on the suit jacket, Tony turns away again, hastily shoving everything back inside before shutting the armoire and turning toward him.  “Need help with that?” he asks when he sees Steve fiddling with the bow tie.  Without waiting for an answer, he jumps over the couch, bringing his hands up to help him secure it around his neck—and
Instead, he tried to focus on what was here.  He put his bag down, and then went over to his sketchbooks, which were sitting out on his desk - usually he just shoved them under his bed so that he could easily reach them from his bed without having to get up.  With growing apprehension, he picked up the top one and started to flip through it. What was he going to find, he wondered? Would pages be missing, crumpled, or scribbled over? It had, after all, happened before.
Steve would have protested normally, but… Luke was right.  He was drained.  "Thanks," he said, which Tony echoed.  "Wake me in a few hours, then."
Steve isn’t sure if he wants to press, so instead he says, “So why don’t you just leave?”
Dimly, a part of his brain told him that this wasn't good, that this was the wrong way of handling things.  Staring into emptiness, thinking about nothing, mind completely blank - that wasn't going to help anything. He needed a better way of processing.
"You're hurt, aren't you?" Cap asked.  He started to peel away the dressing as Tony watched.  The wound was less severe than the one in his arm, but the dressing still stuck to it, and Tony could feel an uncomfortable prickling sensation as it was pulled away.  Finally, though, it was off, and Cap set the used dressing aside, getting another wet cloth to clean it.
“Leave Ironman alone! No more questioning who he is!” Tony said and they all nodded and Tony was quick to leave only letting himself smile, feeling Ironman’s happiness, when he knew he was out of view.
Steve got increasingly worried about him and frowned as Tony was limping when he worked. Usually Tony would stand and work but today he was sitting and limped when he did try to walk. Steve huffed frustrated and confronted him about it.
‘Ironman’ walked in the room and smiled brightly.
Tony glared at Robert but hugged his Peter happily and started to drag him back through the portal. Peter looked at Tony with betrayal in his eyes and refused to budge.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked Ironman silence unusual.
“You sure?” Ironman said and Tony nodded still keeping up his act.
“Clint get out of the vents!” Tony yelled and held his hand out for Ironman to take. Ironman nodded and took his hand merging with Tony and sitting in the back of Tony’s mind. The vent fell open and Clint fell out.
“Does that mean you can feel this?” Jensen said stroking the inside of the collar and Peter shivered trying not to get flustered as he felt Jensen’s hand stroke his neck surrounding him with unusual pressure Peter never felt before but realized he had to quickly get used to.
“I’ll catch up.” Bruce said and Tony shrugged going out the door. Bruce sighed once Tony was gone and flipped the switch making the ceiling go back to where it was supposed to be.
“Because Mr. Stark it reminds me you are not the Tony who hurt me.” Peter said and Tony eyes widened.
“I love you Tony and I won’t let anything or anyone come between us.” Ironman said and Tony looked at him with hope.
“Stuck, in that hospital just wasting away!” Jensen corrected him and Peter looked down sadly.
Peter didn’t see any malice or ill intentions in Tony’s eyes so he reminded himself this wasn’t the same Tony so he calmed down.
“No.” Peter said and ran after Mark ignoring the lady’s call. Peter followed Mark as Mark went to a bar and got drunk. “Tom.” Mark called out looking at him and Peter tilted his head confused could Mark see him?
“Yinsin.” Yinsin said calmly.
“Dad, stop embarrassing me.” Tom said quietly. Robert has become like a second dad to Tom and they were close so them calling each other dad and son was common.
“You can meet everyone else later.” Misha said dismissing them and they all went their separate ways. Misha and Jared staying with him.
“No.” Ironman said finally and just hugged Steve and Steve hugged back.
“So why do you hide in that armor all the time?” Clint asked again and Ironman shivered.
“No problem.” Jensen said opening the door and going inside and taking his shoes off. Peter entered as well and closed he door behind him, taking his shoes off at the door wanting to be respectful.
“Y-you were so surprised!” Tony said between laughs and Steve looked at him upset and Tony laughed harder Ironman laughing too.
“Yes but I haven’t died yet and I like being Ironman... please don’t kick me off the team.” Tony pleaded.
“we will find a way.” Jared said and then Peter couldn’t hear him anymore. Peter didn’t know how much time passed but he heard another voice.
“I don’t blame him for it though I understand.” Peter said quietly and Tony looked at him confused but nodded anyway.
~~~~~~
“I remember.” Tony said and Peter backed up scared.
“the lab.” Tony tilted his head confused and followed them to the lab and his eyes widened seeing a panel opening up showing a small room where Ironman could keep Peter.
“No I’m not.” Steve said confidently.
“I miss you and I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you.” Misha said sadly.
“You could have chosen anything else on this desk, Peter anything else!” Jared yelled and Peter kind of felt guilty as Jared started picking up the papers.
“We are so sorry Steve.” Tony said merging with Ironman.
“They talked about... pulling the plug... Peter they are talking about killing you!” Mark said angry and Peter heart rate spiked hearing Mark so angry and using his real name, Peter panicked a little.
“But you’re not even... your still 18...” Tony said and Peter cursed out loud looking to Tony.
~~~the end~~~
“Where are we going?” Mark asked holding Peter’s collar close and watching as Peter shivered rubbing at his throat.
“Let it go! you’re hurting him.” Mark said and Misha looked at Mark with pity but loosened his hold on the collar anyway. Peter sighed and looked at Mark gratefully.
“Umm Mr. Downey who is that?” Both Peter and Tom said at the same time.
“What?” Tony asked narrowing his eyes at them.
“Well then scoot over.” Steve said and Tony nodded scooting over so they could both lie down on the bed comfortably.
“So how are you?” Tony said and Steve grimaced not wanting to tell Tony about his nightmare.
“Wanna join me? Come to the Tower and work on your suit?” Tony asked and Peter lit up.
“I can’t get it off...” Peter said crying harder as Mark knelt beside him wanting to do something to help him.
“Then why aren’t you in college what are you still doing at Midtown Tech?” Tony asked and Peter sighed.
“Nice to meet you Mr. Smith.” Steve said holding out his hand and Peter shook his hand not daring to speak.
“S-sorry.” Peter said calmed down now.
“H-hey.” He heard Tony greet him and Steve sighed okay I guess we can talk.
“Okay.” Tony said and then asked a chemistry question and Peter answered it quickly remembering he did a paper over this subject in his past life in college. Wait college... Peter blushed remembering he wasn’t supposed to know this yet as Tony looked at him impressed.
~~~~~
Steve had no idea what to think as he never saw this side of Tony.
“No, he’s just knocked out.” Peter said and checked to see if he was still breathing.
“Nah it’s alright.” Steve said leaving without another word.
“It’s okay kid, just stay down don’t scare me like that.” Tony said and then went after the jet. Peter sighed and stayed down as Tony instructed too tired and injured to do anything else.
“Are you coming or are you going to make me have to drag you.” Tony said frustrated shocking Peter again and Peter got up walking out; Tony right behind him with his hand on his shoulder, leading him out. Peter was brought out and led to a fancy car with blacked out windows. Peter got in the car Tony right behind him almost pushing him in. Peter looked out the window trying to figure out where they were going. Tony ignored him mostly throughout the trip and Peter was thankful for that.
“Yes.” Peter said and Tony whined pouting.
“The September foundation.” Tony said and Peter just nodded trying not to anger him.
“You think we can work together to get a way out of here?” Tony asked Ironman.
“I ran away once when he left me unattended I got the collar off I thought I was free.” Peter said and Tony listened intently.
“Well I was gonna offer my design for your suit but you seem to have that handled.” Tony said utterly impressed and in awe of Peter.
What he didn’t expect was for a suit in the vents to follow him and Peter sped away crawling as fast as possible out of there. Peter webbed the vent behind him making the suit slow down and Peter rejoiced as it worked and he quickly went up to the roof escaping through the air ducts.
“Because Ironman you don’t trust us and we don’t trust you.” Steve said like it was obvious and Tony growled angrily.
In the end they didn’t really have a good plan but knew that they had to keep Ironman’s identity hidden. They even fought about it.
Steve then started drawing the armor again watching Tony work on it and trying to get every single detail right. Steve smiled finishing the armor sketch.
“Good I...” Steve paused and Tony heard Steve approaching him so Tony backed up blindly hitting the counter behind him stumbling and barely kept his footing. Steve touched his arm and Tony freaked turning away and cracking his eyes open just a bit so he could run but then he felt Steve tug on his arm so he closed his eyes again.
“St-stop it.” Peter stuttered the gentle touches of Mark driving him mad. Mark didn’t stop because he couldn’t hear him and Peter whined blushing as Mark stroked the collar. Peter whimpered pathetically and fell to his knees.
“Because you didn’t-“
Peter sighed relived that Tony let him go and got on the bus with his fellow classmates heading back to school. Peter was bombarded with questions by his classmates about what happened and Peter just ignored them and stayed silent and they soon stopped asking seeing that he wasn’t going to answer.
“I forgive you.” Peter said withering in pain mixed with pleasure as Misha ran his hands along the inside of the collar again, oblivious of what he was doing to Peter. Peter blushed embarrassed and covered his face with his hands.
“It’s okay you are safe now he can’t hurt you anymore.” Jensen said comfortingly and Peter nodded trying to calm down.
“Come here.” Steve said and picked Tony up. Tony held onto Steve confused and panicked as Steve carried him bridal style down the hall. Steve opened up his door and went inside closing the door behind him. He carefully lied Tony down on the bed and then snuggled with him holding him in place. Tony was confused but couldn’t escape Steve’s grasp. Tony wriggled in Steve’s grasp but Steve wasn’t letting him go.
“Don’t worry it’s actually really cool to meet you!” Tom said seeing that this was actually the Peter he played in the movies. Peter immediately calmed down and smiled at Tony hoping this was okay with him. When Peter looked over Tony was fuming.
“Stay still.” Tony said frustrated shooting at Peter again.
Ironman went to Steve and sighed softly.
“Trust.” Steve answered looking to Ironman. Tony stood up and glared at Steve.
“Your first name. He was a very angry and mean Tony.” Peter said stopping for a moment to look at Tony who was glaring at the ceiling and then glanced over to Peter smiling.
“Thanks, for everything.” Peter said and Jensen smiled
“I don’t wanna talk about it.” Peter said coldly and then Tony rested a hand on Peter’s shoulder and Peter flinched away. Tony didn’t let go though.
~~~alternatively~~~
“The way Tony smiled after threatening us like he had another conversation with someone in his ear, yeah.” Natasha said sighing.
“Take your pants off or do you need help with those too.” Tony said and Peter shook his head taking his pants off blushing and ashamed. Tony then started the shower and Peter titled his head. Was he going to shower?
~~~alternatively~~~
“That is a child.” Bruce said sounding angry and Peter perked up smiling, maybe Bruce would get him out.
She cursed quickly realizing that she couldn’t make out any of their words and stomped away.
“Help.” Peter said and passed out. When Peter woke up again he was in a hospital the cursed collar still around his neck. Peter sighed giving up and not minding to panic just letting all his muscles relax again only hearing one thing before he drifted off again.
“Tony.” Peter said and Tony looked up at him still crying.
Ironman hated that and he wasn’t ready to meet any new people. Not yet maybe not ever.
“Tony, I know you may not see it as abuse but he is hurting you.” Steve said worried. Tony scoffed shaking his head in disbelief. Steve was stubborn and cared way to much about his well being.
“Jensen... Jared...” Peter said looking at them sadly. Peter never saw Jensen and Jared drink before.
“Yeah you better be sorry Parker.” Flash said and then left him alone. Peter sighed relived and wishing he was back in his past life where Flash finally grew up and apologized to him.
“You obviously.” Ironman said angrily and Tony winced as he felt another cut.
“I’m sorry Tony and I’m sorry Peter.” Ironman said approaching him and Peter froze his heart filled with fear. Ironman held up the collar and put it around Peter’s neck locking it and Peter panicked pulling at it and then whimpered as Ironman clipped on the chain and grabbed him by the collar and lifted him up.
“I’m sorry...” Jensen said crying.
“You know I was going to tell you but I got distracted.” Tony said.
“Well I’m just going to be here working on the armor and other things for you and the team.” Tony said and Steve nodded sitting on the couch and watching him.
“He probably doesn’t want to freak us out?” Jared guessed.
“What I want Penis is to see you break.” Flash said and Peter acted weak but just mentally sighed already knowing Flash was just taking out his anger on him. Flash shoved him into the seat and Peter didn’t fight back.
“You stupid idiot!” Ironman yelled. Tony just gritted his teeth trying to recover.
“Yes I need help catching Steve I just want to stop him from tearing the Avengers apart.” Tony said and Peter nodded.
“That’s not what I mean.” Steve said and Ironman panicked a little.
“You act like this is normal or this can be much worse.” Tony warned him and Peter nodded not wanting to be shocked again.
“I will go tell them to back off. Do you want to come with?” Tony said holding out his hand. Ironman nodded and hugged Tony for a moment before merging with him.
“Please let me go.” Peter begged crying.
“Well your cereal is getting soggy!” Tony yelled through the door.
“He put this shock collar on me and I couldn’t get it off...” Peter tried not to cry remembering that wretched collar.
“No.” Peter said glaring at Tony and immediately regretted it as Tony zapped him again. Tony sighed as Peter started crying no longer fighting him. Tony then stuck the needle in Peter’s arm and took some of his blood.
“Who is it?” Tony called out trying to wipe away his tears and look presentable.
“Don’t worry just one more day I will try to keep Tony from hurting you.” Bruce said and Peter nodded just closing his eyes trying to forget what Tony did to him.
“Jarvis told me.” Tony said and Ironman nodded.
“He he’s been crushing on me?!” Steve said flustered and Tony chuckled softly smiling at how cute he was.
“Okay...” Clint said confused and frowned at Ironman.
Ironman was in the armor alone as Tony worked in the lab. Ironman walked in the living room and was surprised to get hit with an arrow denting the armor slightly.
“Umm well it’s just... how?” Clint said staring into Ironman’s eyes.
“It’s okay I know you could never hurt me.” Peter said smiling and Tony rested his head on Peter’s shoulder.
Peter finally got feeling back in his limbs after Tony beat him and left drunkly. Peter winced the pain getting to him. Peter pulled the EMP out of his pocket and stood up. Peter closed his eyes trying to get enough strength to escape but his body was hurting all over. Peter stumbled falling to the ground in pain. Peter put the EMP back in his pocket knowing he wouldn’t be able to escape tonight. Peter sighed in defeat lying down on the cold hard ground. Peter fell asleep still nursing his wounds.
“This is the only way.” Ironman said as they turned upward going strait through the huge wormhole in the sky. ‘Woah’ Tony said seeing all the aliens. ‘It’s alright Tony I’m here.’ Ironman said feeling Tony panic. ‘There are so many.’ Tony said about to cry. ‘And we defeated them.’ Ironman reminded him as they saw the bomb blow up. ‘We are gonna pass out.’ Tony said and Ironman said
“Care to tell me Mr. Parker why you were sleeping?” Tony asked and Peter half expected to get shocked right then and there and instinctively put a hand to his throat reminding himself he didn’t have the collar on.
“Tony! I thought we talked about this.” Ironman said turning back to his normal self.
“Well you remember when I was in Afghanistan and I got blown up by a bomb...” Tony said hesitantly and Pepper nodded urging him or the other him to continue.
“I can’t believe that actually worked.” Peter whispered to himself catching his breath. Peter tugged at the cuffs and broke them easily. Huh Tony must of thought he starved him enough to be weak. Peter then started working on getting the chain off and that was a little harder.
“How are we going to keep this a secret from them?!” Ironman said stressed running his hands through his hair.
“Did this happen because we borrowed your bodyguard? Was he not there for you?” Steve asked and Tony shook his head.
“Well I’m glad you got out of it. What kind of ‘bad’ was it?” Jensen asked and Peter looked down gritting his teeth not wanting to talk about it.
“You still haven’t put it together yet from last night!” Ironman said and Tony smiled guiltily.
“What’s wrong?” Peter asked getting to the point one day as Tony again avoided eye contact and looked away from him.
“Whatcha watching?” Tony asked entering the room.
“Let’s go find you something to eat, Jensen said you skipped breakfast.” Jared said and Peter smiled blushing embarrassed that he walked out on Jensen.
“Not until you tell me.” Tony said and Peter whimpered.
“You can’t just steal my intern! This is not okay! Peter we are leaving!” Tony yelled angry that these strangers who were from an alternate universe got Peter’s attention. Peter was his and Tony didn’t want to share him.
“I just don’t have the resources.” Peter said and Tony lit up.
“Love you too Tony.” Pepper said kissing him and Ironman backed away confused and surprised.
“It was just a nightmare.” Jensen said again and Peter started to cry.
“It’s okay and I will protect you he won’t ever get to you again.” Jensen promised and Peter calmed down feeling safe in Jensen’s arms. Peter let go of Jensen and Jensen backed up a bit.
“I... sorry I can’t do this.” Misha said leaving and Peter sighed mentally.
“Told him if he tried anything he wouldn’t get far.” Bruce said smiling and holding up the remote.
“You have to get it out of me and destroy it.” Peter said desperately and the doctor sighed but did it anyway. Once the tracker was out Peter destroyed it and then sighed sadly.
“No I want their honest reactions.” Ironman said confidently.
“Who hurt you?” Peter heard Tony whisper and Peter held his tongue and tried to calm his breathing.
“Tony?” Steve said confused.
“Tom...” Jensen said seeing how broken he really was and looked down at him sadly.
“He can’t hurt you anymore.” Peter calmed down trying to think of his memories with Jared, Jensen, Misha, and Mark. Peter calmed down sighing in relief and then opened his eyes and almost panicked again.
“No, Tony I won’t leave you.” Peter said and Tony closed his eyes.
“Okay.” Peter said and then destroyed the collar breaking the lock.
“Y-you can call me Tony if it makes you feel better.” Ironman said smiling at her hearing how his name made her feel awkward.
“Okay Shell-head.” Steve said and Ironman smiled the familiar nickname making him smile.
“No Steve. April fools!” Tony said and Ironman smiled.
“Of course can’t have my bodyguard being upset because he thinks the guy he’s been crushing on kicked him off the team.” Tony said smiling knowing exactly what he was doing.
“Uhh... I got to go.” Tony said quickly walking away his neves getting to him.
“Shhh, It’s okay.” Tony shushed him putting his finger on Peter’s lips. Tony then kissed him slowly and Peter tried moving but he couldn’t. Tony nipping at Peter’s neck and ear kissing him softly. Peter whimpered trying to move but whatever drug Tony put into his system paralyzed him and his metabolism wasn’t fighting it off fast enough. Tony took his time just kissing him roughly, enjoying Peter’s sounds of struggle and pain. Peter yelped as Tony shocked him again for no reason other than for Tony’s enjoyment. Tony smiled biting his neck enjoying Peter’s pain. Peter closed his eyes refusing to look at Tony while he withered in pain.
“Y-you were adopted?” Tony said confused remembering the file on Peter and how his real parents died and was living with his aunt May.
“Jarvis mute us” Tony whispered quietly so the speaker wouldn’t pick it up.
Steve sighed looking at his drawing in puzzlement. Tony looked good in the armor and he noticed that Tony practically fitted the armor for himself. Steve looked up at Tony and saw him put one of Ironman’s gauntlets on. Steve noticed it was a perfect fit and smiled.
“Hey.” Rogers said not looking at him and back getting something to eat.
“Thanks.” Tony said ignoring how his eyes burned. Tony closed his eyes trying not to grimace in pain as his eyes burned hotter.
“Have fun trying to get out of that.” Tony said smiling and Peter tugged on it trying to break it.
“S-sorry.” Peter said again and Tony looked at him sadly.
~~~~~~
“Thanks Tony I don’t know what I would do without you.” Ironman said gratefully.
“Come on Spider-Man there has to be some way out.” Peter whispered to himself looking around carefully studying the room he was in trying to figure out how to get out. Peter heard someone enter the room and looked to see who it was.
“Or I might drive you insane more.” Tony said chuckling and Pepper kissed him and Tony missed this kissing her back happily.
“We good now?” Tony asked and Peter nodded getting up.
“Did she kiss you?” Ironman asked almost in tears.
“Because if you did then we would have some problems.” Ironman said his eyes glowing brighter and Steve backed up.
“Really why couldn’t you just use the new suit?” Tony asked looking a little impatient.
~~~~~~
“Yeah that would be great.” Peter said and stood up as Mark started walking out of the room. Peter was quick to follow him.
“You really are protective of him aren’t you?” Clint said as Ironman backed up realizing Tony must have told him to stand down Clint tilted his head puzzled.
~~~~~
“Is he going to be okay?” Steve asked Ironman and Ironman frowned.
“Later first we have to plan.” Tony said and Ironman smiled at him.
“I read a lot.” Peter said and Tony sighed.
“Who are you making a sandwich for?” Steve asked confused.
“Okay.” Richard said and then looked at all the empty glasses.
“Ironman?” Steve asked seeing him in the familiar armor.
“No we have to keep going.” Ironman said holding Tony up.
“Bruce Banner?” Peter asked and he looked at him betrayal in his eyes. Not only one but now two of the people he used to look up too had him caged and were going to experiment on him.
“Tony this has to stop!” Steve said angrily.
“Tony What happened why are you hurt?” Steve asked upset.
“Oh...” Jensen said dumbly his drunk mind not quiet understanding yet.
“Gg.” Ironman said gleefully.
“Hey this time I promise I will come back right after my mission.” Clint promised.
“What have we here?” Tony asked as his suit fell down and Peter panicked grabbing it and hiding it in his laundry basket.
“I will protect you.” Steve said and Tony tilted his head puzzled at what Steve meant.
~~~~~~
“Make your move reindeer games.” Ironman said threateningly. Loki stood down and Ironman smiled.
“Supernatural.” Peter replied simply watching as The Men of Letters came in and Peter winced remembering how he was there in his past life with them.
“Shhh.” Tony hushed Ironman trying not to smile.
“J, activate protocol dark.” Tony said and Steve freaked out as all the lights went out and the windows were sealed off blocking out all light in the room. Tony gave Ironman control and his eyes glowed in the dark creating a light source for Natasha and Steve to see.
“No problem.” Natasha said and Ironman smiled.
“No problem.” Peter said smiling.
“Thanks.” Steve said and sat down on the couch Tony had in there.
“We’ll put you to rest soon I promise.” Jared said and Peter nodded feeling a little sad that he won’t be staying.
“Yeah we’ll protect you.” Misha said and Peter looked at him confused then a bunch of other people came into the room.
“Thanks?” Peter said chuckling softly.
“Take off your shirt.” Steve demanded and Tony sighed but reluctantly followed his directions and let Steve patch him up.
“Tony it wasn’t your fault it was mine.” Ironman said and Tony looked up at Ironman feeling betrayed. Peter looked to Ironman and freaked out hiding behind Tony.
“This is an EMP use it at night and go through the door open it it’s electrically locked the vents aren’t safe.” Bruce whispered to him slipping him the EMP and then pushed him to the ground. Peter looked at Bruce confused and quickly pocketed the EMP hiding it from Tony.
~~~~~~
“See you soon.” Bruce said packing up the med kit and standing up. Bruce left Peter alone and Peter cried again wishing he could just leave.
“How about we become one.” Tony said and Ironman looked at him confused.
One question he still didn’t get answered though. What about Fisk? Peter tried to get information about his question but came up with nothing. Peter deflated realizing he didn’t have his place in the tunnels yet and Ned and MJ still didn’t know he was Spider-Man. Peter sighed sadly and then remembered there field trip tomorrow so he went to bed.
“You deserve better than Ironman.” Steve said and hugged Tony and Tony almost cried while he hugged back.
“What was that?!” Clint said freaked out.
“Ironman you have to know that I want to tell them too but you know why we can’t.” Tony said sadly.
“Of course we would like you.” Clint said not wanting Ironman to feel unwanted.
“Don’t tell aunt May.” Peter warned and Tony nodded.
“I didn’t mean to.” Tony said after a while of silence and he started crying too.
“They, Tony and Ironman. You seem to forget that Ironman and Tony are in a relationship.” Natasha said and Steve blushed feeling a tiny bit jealous. He wanted Ironman to be his or maybe Tony, he had a crush on them both and it was not working out well.
“The collar is killing him we need to find a way to take it off!” Someone said he couldn’t tell he just drifted back to sleep dreaming of nothing. He regained consciousness again and saw Jensen sitting beside him holding his hand.
“I can’t do it anymore Tom I can’t.” Mark said still crying and Peter knew what he was going to do.
“Oh really.” Ironman laughed.
“I already have some designs I wanted to eventually make.” Peter said getting out his notebook and handed it to Tony letting him see all his designs.
“Woah.” Steve said looking at Ironman’s eyes.
“Who are you?” Steve asked Ironman.
~~~~~
“We see how he ticks we do a few tests first. Come on Bruce you can’t tell me you aren’t just a little curious.” Tony said and Peter backed up feeling more scared his breath quickening as Bruce agreed reluctantly. No! This couldn’t be happening! He buried his face in his knees as he sunk down to the floor crying. He looked up angrily determined to escape and get away from Tony and Bruce.
“Can I have five minutes with him?” Tony asked and Peter tried not to freak out as they walked to his room.
“You can see in the dark?” Tony asked tilting his head adorably.
“I hate you.” Ironman said and Tony smiled.
“I will make you armor, that’s better, that you can live in, so you can be normal and you don’t have to use it but it can make you feel calm and safe. You can even help me make it.” Tony said imaging what it would be like. ‘Thanks Tony this would be awesome.’ Ironman thought happily picturing himself in the armor and then the build of the armor and what it would be like.
“Can I see it?” Jensen said and Peter shook his head as Jared handed it over. Jensen didn’t touch the inner part of the collar and Peter was eternally grateful for that.
“I can’t I got school and homework. Plus my part time...” Peter said and then shut up remembering he didn’t have a part time job yet.
“Tony What happened are you okay?” Ironman asked locking the lab once he got in.
“I know I love you but it’s kinda hard to protect you when you keep making me smile.” Tony said adoration in his voice. ‘Sorry I just love how protective you are of me.’ Ironman said happily loving every second he had with Tony.
“You want me to destroy it.” Mark sighed sadly watching as Peter followed him.
“What are you doing?!” Peter said feeling a bit scared.
Ironman was falling Steve started to panic as he saw that he wasn’t using his thrusters. He was free falling! Thankfully Hulk caught him. Steve stopped Thor from revealing Ironman’s identity and hoped Ironman would just wake up. The Hulk roared and woke him up thankfully
“Underoos!” Tony called out and Peter flipped in stealing Cap’s shield and landing perfectly.
“I touched a photo.” Steve admitted guiltily still having the photo in hand and handing it over guiltily. Tony snatched it from him and put it back where it was supposed to be.
“fine.” Clint said walking out of the room.
~~~alternatively #3~~~
“Yeah remember when you applied? I approved. So now we’re in business.” Tony said and Peter agreed  reluctantly just wanting Tony out of his house.
“How old are you again?” Tony asked and Peter sighed
“I see you want another beating.” Tony said glaring down at Peter and Peter just glared back.
“Do you have Tony in your ear?” Clint said angry. “Is he making you keep your identity a secret?!” Clint said sounding mad.
“Why did you have to be Spider-Man.” Tony said angrily and pushed Peter up against the wall.
“Do you really want to be with me?” Ironman asked Tony and Tony stopped, trying to figure out what Ironman was saying and feeling.
“But you did...” Ironman said sobbing. Tony hung his head guiltily and cried.
“Okay that’s fine you don’t have to.” Tony was quick to comfort him looking into his glowing eyes. Ironman nodded and looked to the others to see if they agreed. To Ironman’s disappointment they were all looking at him skeptically and some angry only Thor looking at him in understanding.
“Okay Ironman let’s make you a suit!” Tony said stepping away and smiling at him.
“I didn’t mean to wake you.” Peter said and Jensen sighed.
“It won’t kill him.” Tony said and Bruce sighed.
“Nah it’s alright.” Tony said and hugged Peter and Peter hugged back happily. Peter felt the arc reactor and let go trying not to freak out Tony’s hold a little too familiar. Tony noticed Peter tense up. Tony frowned at him.
Tony sat next to Peter confused and frowned seeing that he was having a panic attack.
“You don’t have to be sorry Tom, it’s not your fault. It’s okay you’re safe now.” Jensen said protectively and Peter smiled up at him.
“At least he is being useful.” Tony retorted defending himself.
“Hey it’s okay he won’t hurt you anymore.” Steve said and Peter tried to calm down hugging Steve.
“Sorry, That was awkward...” Steve apologized. “I should get back to work.” Tony said going back to work on the armor. Steve sighed knowing he messed up and grabbed his sketchbook and left.
‘This is crazy!’ Tony said as Ironman guided the bomb.
“You’ll be alright, it will get better.” Jensen reassured him and Peter nodded smiling at him. Jensen stood up and began to leave and Peter called out to him.
“I don’t know.” Tony said taking a bite of cereal.
“Because Steve I can’t let you know who I am.” Ironman said grinning slightly only feeling a bit sad that he couldn’t reveal who he was to the team.
“You want to die!” Ironman said angrily at Clint.
“W-What do you- you mean?” Tony stuttered surprised.
“No problem Ironman.” Steve said glad to cheer him up. They sat on the couch watching TV together Ironman out of the armor and lying on top of Steve. Steve happily wrapped his arms around Ironman to comfort him. Tony walked in the room and Ironman sat up glaring at him.
“No there was some interference with my suit.” Ironman said mentally glaring at Tony. ‘Sorry’ Tony said again feeling guilty.
“You know it’s dangerous to sleep in trees.” The stranger said and Peter chuckled.
“Why am I here then?” Tony asked sighing tiredly.
“I think I’m You.” He said confused.
“Why do you care about what happens to me you barely know me...” Tony said after a bit of silence.
“What happened to your family?” Tony asked.
“Yeah, I’m more than alright.” Peter said happily almost crying out in joy.
“Hi...my name is Peter... Parker.” Peter said waving a little and getting flustered from the attention of Robert and Tony. Peter swallowed nervously and hid behind Tony, scared of Robert and Tom. Robert’s gaze softened and smiled at Peter. Peter smiled back and stepped forward again.
“So Tony, what’s first?” Bruce asked and Tony handed him the vial of Peter’s blood and then brought up some files on him.
“What am I doing?” Jared whispered to himself holding out the collar and staring at it. Jared pulled out his phone and looked at the reminder he left himself again.
“Somebody please give me something to get this collar off please!” Peter said desperately looking at Mark who was standing beside him. Mark got out a pocket knife and gave it to Peter. Peter then tried the lock again the way he did before but it wasn’t working.
The elevator opened and Peter felt himself being pushed by Tony forward so Peter walked forward. Peter looked at the Avengers trying to cry out for help with his eyes and then spotted Bruce and froze but Tony shocked him lightly and Peter looked down not trying to look at any of the Avengers anymore.
“Why won’t you just run away leave me alone?” Tony asked crying now.
Tony was in every way Ironman. Not only did he make the armor but he had an arc reactor in his chest keeping the shrapnel out of his heart. His eyes burned bright blue just like the armor did sometimes and he could even shoot small repulser blasts out from his bare hands.
“Sorry Peter.” Tony said going back to his table of tools and high tech stuff.
“Well that’s her problem now give me some cereal.” Ironman said grumpily.
“Tony please stop.” Peter pleaded.
“You come here to experiment on me?” Peter asked angrily starting to cry again.
“It’s not your fault it’s okay.” Tony said and rested crouching down to Peter’s level.
“Steve let me go!” Tony yelled turning towards him and almost glared at him but kept his eyes closed tightly.
“Meet my new pet Spider-Man or Peter.” Tony said and Peter backed up a bit seeing Steve approach him.
“You already made the collar.” Peter said holding it up and Tony flinched crying and feeling so shameful.
“Thank you for saving my life.” Tony said and Ironman smiled.
“Don’t put it on.” Tony said and Peter put it down.
“Tony... Ironman...” Steve said making Tony stop in his tracks and look at him.
“It’s over Peter you can’t get out.” Tony said and Peter growled stepping towards him and stopping where the invisible barrier was.
“Well Tony used to have feelings for me before Afghanistan and I thought since he still does that you did too...” Pepper said hesitantly.
In chemistry class Peter got out his notebook and was filled with relief seeing the formulas for his web fluid. Only on 2.5 though hmm he needed to change that. Peter nodded and looked in his hidden draw seeing the chemical mixture for his webs.
“I guess that makes sense.” Jared said still puzzled but went with it.
“Hey!” Tom and Robert said at the same time. Tom struggled a bit but couldn’t get Tony to let him go so he gave up and decided to have a staring contest with Peter instead.
“I told you Peter you can’t get out.” Tony said looking down at Peter sadly. Peter looked up at him with disbelief, fear, and sadness.
“Alright I’m sorry.” Peter said and Tony sighed stressed.
“I wasn’t aware that Peter was my son in this universe?” Tony said glancing at Peter then at Tom Holland.
“Yeah I’m really good.” Peter said hugging him and Tony freaked out not expecting to be hugged.
“Okay let’s talk.” Ironman said and hugged Tony.
“I’ve got it!” Jared said stepping back into the room and Peter smiled.
“Why do you hate yourself?” Peter asked putting a comforting hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony started crying and hid his face in his hands.
“There was this guy who looked like you who abused me.” Peter said and Tony nodded silently urging him to continue.
“Oh the things I could do to you.” Tony said feeling Peter and kissing him roughly Peter whimpered and hated each second of it. Tony then pulled away satisfied for now and cleaned himself as well. Tony dried Peter off and then put the collar back on him shocking him once again and Peter yelped in pain.
“But we’re not together.” Tony said back starting to cry again.
“Germany?” Peter said puzzled.
“Yeah.” Tony sighed and Peter smiled at how protective Tony has become of him.
“It’s okay Tony I forgive you and I’m not mad or disappointed with you okay.” Ironman said smiling and snuggling back.
“I know.” Steve said sighing in defeat.
“It’s alright I wasn’t asleep and I’m sure Dimitri told you one hundred times over that it’s okay.” Mark said and Peter chuckled blushing embarrassed.
“I’m sorry I just wanted to know who he was.” Steve said trying to defend himself just a little bit.
“My friend saved me.” Peter said remembering how Mark cried over his dead body.
“Yes now tell me why!” Ironman demanded putting his hand on Tony’s neck but not applying any pressure.
“I want to.” Steve cut him off and Tony nodded going back to work.
Tony sighed angrily calming down the flames in his eyes going out and his palm returning back to its regular color. It wasn’t fair but he had to live with it.
“Tony Stark... Who are you?” Tony asked.
“Come on Bruce let’s go.” Tony said and Bruce shook his head.
“Don’t try to escape.” Tony said and Peter looked around more carefully. There was a invisible barrier probably electrical Peter then noticed Tony putting something around his throat.
“I know.” Ironman said stopping and Tony put his head down looking to the floor sadly. Ironman stepped towards him brushing his hand against Tony’s arm.
Steve came into the kitchen. He couldn’t sleep another nightmare from the war. Steve walked in the kitchen and just barely noticed Tony there heading strait to the fridge for some food.
“Yeah I really like.” Steve said hungrily, holding Peter in place and running his hands down Peter’s body and lifting his shirt to see his abs. Peter shivered feeling violated.
“Tom?” Mark said looking at Peter’s hand and then at Peter directly.
“Well I called out to him and he knocked over the glass to probably tell me he was there.” Alex explained and Jensen sighed.
“Yeah.” Ironman said with his half of the body then hid away inside the mind letting Tony take over. Tony watched as his skin turned back to its normal color when Ironman went into their mind hiding away.
“I already told you Steve he isn’t abusing me.” Tony stressed trying to get Steve to stop thinking that.
“I forgive you.” Ironman said hugging back.
“What did he do to you?” Steve said quietly checking Peter for any injuries and was horrified to find out he had bruises from being hit by Tony all over his body and the skin around his neck was darkened by the electrical shock from the collar.
“Stop telling me to stop!” Tony said pushing Peter against the wall again.
“It’s vibranium the strongest metal in the world.” Tony said standing up and Peter pulled harder but still the metal didn’t budge.
“Tony! Get it off!” Peter yelled out and Tony just smiled shocking him again and Peter withered in pain.
“I just came to apologize for our reactions.” Steve said and Ironman snuggled closer to Tony upset.
“Help me how do I explain this to them Tony.” He heard Bruce say and then Tony cursed. “How did they find out?” Tony asked
“I’m so sorry Ironman.” Clint said hugging him. Ironman didn’t respond and just hugged back. ‘It’s okay Ironman’ Tony thought to him mentally hugging him.
“I’m Ironman.” Ironman said. At the moment Tony was still working in the lab so Ironman had to handle this by himself, but he sure wish Tony was with him right now.
“Now!” Tony said and Peter shook his head. Tony sighed and hit the button again and Peter tried not to yelp in pain. Peter then approached Tony holding out his hand.
~~~~~~
“You guys remember why Jensen sent him here.” Misha said and everyone nodded.
“Who was that?” Steve asked and Tony shook his head.
“Leave it alone.” Jensen said seeing Peter freak out.
“P-Pepper...” Tony stuttered seeing Pepper walk in and look at them shocked.
“I had a bad dream. It was about my crazy ex coming after me.” Mark said opening up to Peter and Peter nodded relating to him slightly.
“Geez Cap calm down.” Tony said and then took the helmet off.
Peter returned to Avengers Tower as Spider-Man and just perched on the rails of the roof looking out at all the city.
“No problem.” Steve said chuckling oblivious to the pain Tony was in. Tony sighed finally getting his eyes to turn back and smiled feeling relieved.
“I got to go.” Tony excused himself quickly not wanting to hear anymore.
Peter looked at the time again and just started getting ready to go to school with his signed permission slip. Peter got to school and greeted Ned happily trying to forget everything they have been through in his past life.
“I don’t know what to say.” Jared said putting the collar down.
