“I’d have thought that after so many years of police work, you’d be well accustomed to the absolute absurdity of crimes of passion.” Sherlock arches an amused brow.
“For the millionth bloody time,” Lestrade throws his hands in the air, letting out a squawk not unlike that of an indignant pidgeon,
And when did those find their way back onto Sherlock's bed? John could have sworn he’d tucked them away in the upstairs cupboard, after laundering them within an inch of their lives. And now they're covered in Irene Adler’s scent.
Ah. How embarrassing; apparently she’s misinterpreted the admiration in his gaze for something else entirely. Just as he’s about to take a broad step backward and politely reject her advances
His stomach swoops in an entirely different manner than just moments before, and he goggles at Sherlock in total disbelief.
He's always known about the biological reactions of physical intimacy; the fluids, orgasms, the rush of endorphins. But, until now, he’d never realized how
Lovely John, with his warm jumpers and steady solidness. His incredible, completely inexplicable, talent for filling Sherlock’s head with his presence.
It’s been an age since he’s had any reason to venture up into the teaching labs, and he loiters by the doorway when Mike shepards him inside, marveling over the gleaming worktops and high-end equipment. There’s a posh young man stood at one of the worktops to the side of the room — a graduate student perhaps — who glances up briefly from his pipetting as they enter before returning his attention to his work.
“Well, that's completely rubbish,” John shakes his head and looks down at his lap and running a hand through his hair. Sherlock hums in agreement and John turns his gaze upward to meet Sherlock's again, his eyes soft and questioning. “And that’s… obviously
“Well his eyes and nose are hardly going to do him any good if I ensure he doesn’t have an opportunity to use them, now are they?” Sherlock hisses impatiently back.
“Oh my god, you ridiculous creature,” John's calloused hands cup his face and drag it downward, where chapped lips are waiting to press against his insistently. After a moment he pulls back, combing his fingers through Sherlock’s curls as he peppers lingering kisses along edge of his jaw and down the length of his neck. “I don’t think I
Once they’ve gotten their hands — and mouths — on one another, they just can’t seem to stop. Sherlock would be inclined to say that it’s an entirely untenable state of affairs, but… it really couldn’t have come at a better time. With the onset of his second trimester, the less than pleasant effect of morning sickness finally subsides, and in its place he feels increasingly, well…
“I'm going to shower,” Sherlock announces abruptly, tossing aside his periodical and vaulting from his seat. His brother smiles snidely as he sweeps past, the gleam of triumph in his eye bright and undisguised
At the conclusion of the meal, Sherlock is summarily dismissed, whilst John is near-frogmarched down the hall to the Duke’s private study.
What’s left of the daylight filtering in through the windows has grown dim, though it’s not yet dark enough for the streetlights. He’s warm and a tad sweaty, but the sheets feel blissfully cool and crisp beneath him. He listens to John bustle about the kitchen, putting away the shopping, and tries to identify the items based off where John puts them and the order in which he’s done so. He’s reasonably sure he’s succeeded with at least a 92% accuracy, but his mind is appallingly lethargic. It should alarm him— the very idea of it did, earlier— but he’s far too comfortable to find it in himself to be overly concerned at the moment.
, arching his back and spreading his legs unconsciously wider. John lights up with a self-satisfied grin. “There we are! Vestigial prostate.”
“It’s commonplace for alpha’s attempting to seem more authoritative to use scent enhancers. When it’s applied heavily it’s mistaken for that, and disregarded without further thought. In the unlikely case that they
he has his own flat. Possibly a penthouse, more likely a high-end luxury unit in one of the newest towers along the Thames. If nothing comes up under his name, check the company’s holdings,” he suggests pointedly to Lestrade, who’s now frantically scribbling notes. “These types never like to pay tax if they can help it.”
“You can still see him afterwards,” Molly frowns in confusion. “I mean, then he's got no limit. He's full-time, permanent San Juniperan.”
John wakes up, sore and sticky, to find that Sherlock’s heat has finally passed. He rubs his eyes groggily and rolls over to find Sherlock still asleep, snuffling softly into the pillow next to him. Twisted up in the sheet, his skin mottled with whisker burn and bruises, and hair a riotous cloud, he still looks a vision. John allows himself to a moment to enjoy the sight; quietly ignoring the strange, tight feeling growing uncontrollably in his chest. And then Sherlock stirs, blinking those pale, verdigris eyes muzzily up at him, and he realizes that he has absolutely no idea what to say.
“You’ve really got to stop hacking into my email,” Lestrade informs Sherlock as they stand on the pavement outside the Cavendish house, watching as one of the officers steers Edward into the back of the waiting panda with a guiding hand on his head. “I’d rather not be made to look like an idiot in front of a suspect.”
Come evening, he’ll take Sherlock back to their new home at Baker Street; a generous wedding gift from Sherlock’s brother. It’s fully appointed and prepared for their arrival, and as his fiancé has all the restrain of a nesting magpie, already comfortably cluttered with an odd assortment of curiosities.
about you,” Sherlock argues with a confused frown, as though John has just suggested something entirely preposterous.
Two hours later finds him encamped in the loo at Baker Street, biting his thumb anxiously as he awaits results of his own. John arrived home no more than a half hour ago; worriedly inquiring after his well-being through the door.
He hands over the cash for his pint and draws the pair into a bit of affable small talk. They play into his hands flawlessly: cheerfully informing him all about the dangers of Baskerville and the surprisingly fortuitous appearance of the mysterious demonic hound.
raised in a manner entirely typical of any Omega,” Sherlock announces abruptly when he re-enters the kitchen clad in his pyjamas and blue dressing gown. “As I indicated in the taxi, Father firmly believed that an Omega’s place was in the home, and under the careful supervision of an Alpha Familiae or Maritus”
Sherlock turns to him finally, flipping his bow and avoiding John’s eyes. He finally fixes John with an especially cryptic look once he pointedly begins to play. John settles silently in his chair to listen.
“Oh,” John blushes at the vehemence of Sherlock’s denial and smiles sheepishly. “That’s good then.” He nudges Sherlock light-heartedly. “Were you hoping to keep it to ourselves until the baby just falls out from beneath your jumper, then?”
Neither of them are getting any younger, and life with Mary is as close as he’s felt to normal since he was a boy. Before Dad’s drinking grew out of control. Before Mum got sick and died, and Harry starting following in their father's footsteps.
“Oh,” Sherlock releases a quiet breath of relief. “Ground rules are… acceptable.” He can hardly argue against John looking after the baby’s health and wellbeing after all. “What do you have in mind?”
For once he and his inner Omega are entirely in agreement, and it’s all that he can do to keep himself from panting with lust. It’s truly a wonder he doesn’t spontaneously combust; if he weren’t already pregnant, he’s fairly certain that the level of arousal would easily have sent him into a faux-heat, suppressants or no.
It seems to be off to a brilliant start; Sherlock praising him exuberantly for making a rather simple medical deduction when, in the midst of it, something…changes.
He forces himself up out of bed, removing his soiled pants with a grimace. He kicks them in the general direction of the hamper and pulls on the dressing gown that had been draped over the chair in the corner. Cautiously, he pokes his head out the door, keeping an ear out for any sign of John.
“You left it in the pocket of your second-best dressing gown, you clot.” She reminds him with a tired chuckle, resting her head in the cradle of her palm. “I managed to sneak it out when they thought I was having a cry.” He gives it a jaunty toss up in the air as he thanks her, then slips it into his pocket.
In the end, he settles on nearly the same outfit as last week; a simple, trim button-down- light blue this time- and tailored black trousers. As a finishing touch, he shrugs his black overcoat on over it, and gives himself a nod of courage in the glass before heading out the door.
He regrets it almost immediately; even as he squirrels it away beneath his pillows. There are few better ways to give away his pitiful longing than being caught
A silver car-like vehicle creeps up slowly alongside the kerb beside them, it’s doors sliding open to reveal it’s driverless interior. The nurse takes the man’s cane as he climbs in, gingerly easing himself into one of the passenger seats. She passes it back to him once he’s seated, and he smiles gratefully as she plunks herself down next to him.
He releases the breath he didn’t realize he was holding, and lets the the tension drain from him. Wherever they are, whatever they’re doing, at least they’re not here, flaunting their infatuation in front of him like a red flag in front of a bull. He turns to climb the darkened stairway up to his own bedroom.
He’d choked down some toast for breakfast, but then the smell of John's bacon had turned his stomach so thoroughly that he hadn’t been able to keep it down. Fortunately, he’d managed to suppress the urge until he was safely ensconced in the bathroom, the shower running to disguise the sound.
“I could prescribe you some maxolon for that, mate,” John jokes cheekily in reply and Lestrade throws back his head and laughs.
“I believe you have something that we want, Mr Holmes,” the Alpha cocks his head, unmoved by her tears.
“You’ll have a matching set of black eyes for a day or two,” John observes as he releases Sherlock’s chin, then settles back into his own chair, “but it should heal up just fine.” He blows at his tea before sipping from it, keeping his eyes trained on a unremarkable spot on the rug somewhere by Sherlock’s feet. “So then… your upbringing, it was, uh… unpleasant?”
“If I wanted to look at naked women, I’d borrow John’s laptop.” Sherlock counters with deliberate disinterest, stepping away from her with averted eyes to instead discreetly examine the mantelpiece.
“Likewise,” John chuckles gently, as he grasps Sherlock’s fingers in his own. As soon as they let go, Sherlock ducks past him and heads out into the street, mindless of the drizzle dampening his curls.
“Oh.” John hears himself utter, as if from a great distance. The bottom of his stomach feels as though it’s attached to a lead weight.
” John mulishly announces as he steps out onto the doorstep, clearly having made his way down whilst the two of them were bantering. He ambles down the front walk to the kerb, pulling on light jacket as he goes. “As in;
“You haven’t been here long; in St. Juniperus,” Sherlock clarifies. “Only a few months. Three or four?”
“She seems… a bit unimpressed with us, doesn’t she,” John observes with a sidelong glance at the woman as she departs their suite, having spent the last quarter hour banging about with a disapproving glower.
She’s playing directly into his hands. He’s perfectly amenable to explaining the case for her in detail in the meanwhile; she’s certainly bright enough that she’ll be able to keep up easily. Whatever keeps her focus on him, and not John. He’s vaguely aware that it’s a strangely irrational urge that’s suddenly gripped him, but he prefers John as far away from her lacquered claws as possible nonetheless. In fact
down,” John chuckles. “Well, I can’t say I’ve been to many slumber parties like this.” He grins cheekily, fishing over the edge of the bed for the long-forgotten duvet with one foot. He hooks it and drags it back up onto mattress and over himself triumphantly, holding up the corner for Sherlock expectantly.
. Very, very close; but no.” Then, with a brush of his hands over his knees, he rises from his seat to tear her world apart.
“Your scent is thoroughly agreeable,” Sherlock finds himself murmuring across the strikingly paltry distance between their faces. “I’m always aware of it, of course, but it seems especially pleasant in this state. Like tea and woodsmoke, and biscuits.
“Just follow my lead! Copy me.” John shouts to be heard over the music, beaming when Sherlock attempts to shuffle his shoulders in time with John. “You got it!”
The cab comes to a halt, their destination easy to spot from across the street, with the police tape and flashing lights of panda cars.
If Sherlock knew what he’d been thinking just now- even for so much as a moment, even unconsciously… He’d be disgusted. Or horrified. Or both. An anxious swell of nausea rises up inside him. What if Sherlock
“Oh,” John blurts softly with surprise. He stares at Sherlock intensely for a few moments, eyes dark and unreadable in the dim glow from the fire. Sherlock stares back, willing himself to keep any hint of his thoughts from his own eyes.
A quick phone call to Donovan has a team moving ahead to secure Edward’s flat and Marie along with it. Lestrade hands Edward off to be taken into custody by the two uniformed officers waiting outside, with instructions for the collection of a DNA sample upon his arrival at New Scotland Yard. The Alpha goes without a struggle, subdued and defeated-looking as he’s handcuffed and ushered from the house.
“Waiting for someone?” She fishes with a winsome smile. John looks up and runs an assessing glance over her form before he shrugs casually.
When he arrives at the address in question, however, he's thrown off guard by the bubbly older woman who greets him at the street door and directs him upstairs. He doesn’t quite know what he was expecting, but she most definitely wasn’t it. Far and away from some looming thug, she puts him more than anything else in mind of his Great Aunt Kitty.
“I can tell you it’s a young person.” Mycroft concedes with a displeased frown, and John merely sips his tea demurely, as though butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth. “A young
“No, absolutely not,” Lestrade interrupts, clapping one hand down on Sherlock’s shoulder when he goes to rise. “
While he cannot boast Sherlock's intellect, even he is well aware that the founding tenent of their friendship is one of equality. He's not oblivious to Sherlock's gender, certainly, but he's always maintained staunch control over his alpha instincts. Sherlock trusts John to see him as more than an object of lust.
“He’s not my Alpha,” Sherlock answers nonchalantly, pleased with how well he manages to keep any note of longing or discontent from his voice. “But then, you knew that already.”
thorough. Recalling Mycroft’s smug little jab at the Palace, he peers curiously over his shoulder to read his brother’s reaction, and is surprised to confirm that Mycroft truly
so, to ensure that neither he nor John can see the keypad. Four soft clicks later, the phone beeps warningly.
Sweat dampens his hairline while the sound of his own harsh breathing, and the faint squelch of his fingers working his dripping wet entrance fill the quiet room. It’s a memory of John, flushed and breathless, peering up at him with lust-darkened eyes, that finally pushes him over the edge. He bites into the pillow with a cry as he comes, liquid heat spilling out of him to dampen the front of his shorts, and internal muscles clamping down around his fingers. Once he’s ridden out the aftershocks, he slides his hand out, and rolls onto his back to sprawl bonelessly for a moment, panting heavily in an attempt to catch his breath.
“Well, originally, I wanted to be a pirate,” Sherlock confides loftily, and John favours him with a belly-laugh. He joins in with a chuckle of his own, then chews his lip thoughtfully before continuing on more seriously. “But... I think I would have liked to have been a Consulting Detective.“
“Well, now that I’ve shared my banal little narrative, it do believe it’s your turn. That is how these “sleepover” engagements work, is it not?” He demands impatiently, and John starts a little, turning to him with wide eyes.
He frowns at the large gas canister against the wall thoughtfully as his muscles begin cramp up again. Now, before he gets rid of her, surely
“I should probably go. Do you need anything? I think we haven’t much in, but I could pop out for you.” He rolls away and swings himself up to get off the bed.
Apparently there’s only one female Beta cabbie in all of Central London, if the age that he’s been waiting is anything to go by. If the bloody taxi doesn’t arrive soon, one of Mycroft’s black sedans will, complete with some besuited lackeys ready to spirit him off to his brother— with or without his consent. Given the location and angle of the CCTV camera, he has one more confrontation with fellow pedestrians before Mycroft knows the exact nature of the muddle he’s unintentionally landed himself in this time.
“Know it all.” John snorts, smiling in that fondly exasperated way that he saves just for Sherlock. The expression never fails to light something warm in Sherlock’s belly, but more so now than ever before. “And yet you deleted the bit about suppressant withdrawal. Brilliant. So what you're trying to say, in your incredibly roundabout way, is that I’m drunk off you.”
He claps his hands together delightedly and swoops around the sofa to plunk himself down next to John. He takes his yet un-touched tea in hand and belatedly joins the conversation.
“You are!” John crows, climbing back onto the sofa and crowding close on his knees. Sherlock studiously ignores the way that the playful sudden proximity sends his heart racing. “Look at you — you’re pouting!” John teases with delight. “Why are you embarrassed? What, you don’t want people to know that The Great Sherlock Holmes is just as susceptible to his baser nature as the rest of us?”
“Go on. Impress a girl.” Irene says, leaning over Sherlock’s shoulder to press a kiss against the perfect curve of his cheekbone.
“I confiscate it.” Sherlock counters, as though that settles the matter. And for the moment it does. Completely inexplicably, Irene begins to question them about the death of hiker, leaving Sherlock uncommonly flustered, and before long, John is being ordered from the room.
The next few weeks pass sluggishly. The morning sickness comes and goes in waves throughout the day, making the consumption of anything more substantial than toast and tea
“There’ll be more of them.” Sherlock ignores the question, trotting out of the room and out the front door. He can’t relax his guard quite just yet. “They’ll be keeping an eye on the building.”
Sherlock is a thirty-two year old man who delightedly dives into the underbelly of London on a near-daily basis; not some sheltered Omega boy just out of the schoolroom. Admittedly, the Alpha-Alpha dynamic is somewhat interesting at least. John certainly seems to agree, if the way that his eyebrows have flown up into his hairline are anything to go by.
And if the realization that Sherlock’s trust fund can accommodate the bribery of dozens as John’s pocketbook might the purchase of an icelolly is hardly
Thankfully, all it takes is a few summoning calls, and the man himself appears in short order; though not before Sherlock manages to accidentally tumble out of bed and onto the floor.
The sudden silence hangs heavy between them, only the harsh sound of his own breathing and the crackle of the fire in the grate filling the emptiness. For a beat, he’d like nothing more than to lay into the detective; to vent all his anger and frustration, to demand
He enters the pin into the real mobile as he walks back toward the table, then stops and stares incredulously as the phone beeps in his hand just as the dupe had. He raises his eyes from the screen to find Irene smirking triumphantly up at him with crossed arms.
“I’m consulting,” Sherlock clips. “On a case. Surely you don’t expect my brain to have ceased to function simply because I’m expecting.”
“Text me when everything is in place!” He tosses back over his shoulder, looping his scarf about his neck as he swoops away, before either of them can question him any further.
of which could have easily been avoided had Edward shown some mettle, and risked disinheritance in order to file a preemptive
Sherlock rises smoothly and crosses the room in three long steps; pulling John into his arms, and pressing their lips together without hesitation.
particular condition has proven relevant enough to crime to escape deletion,” he chuckles. He takes the the maid’s statement from Sherlock and places it on the desk, dragging the print-out of Marie’s personal agenda next to it.
“Yes, you are,” she announces dismissively as she taps away at her mobile. “There,” she declares, as she turns her phone to face John. “I’m not dead. Let’s have dinner,” She recites, then presses the send button as John turns away from her with a shake of his head.
“Ah. Well. I suppose that may have been worth retaining.” He grants begrudgingly. It’s a rare occasion that he regrets deleting wholly uninteresting data, but he admits that perhaps, in this case, it may have been somewhat imprudent.
“No! Nothing so sordid as that, thankfully. It was only ever one person. And it started prior to the development of my… habit.” Sherlock grimaces at the thought of the potential scenarios implied. “I may have managed to somewhat evade Mycroft’s interference during that period, but
“Despite your original disapproval of the situation, I hardly think that you would like to risk any harm coming to your future heir now that you’ve acclimatized to the idea. And that will be regrettably unavoidable if I am forced to depart from the vehicle whilst it’s still moving. So, in short;
Much later, once he's done dealing with Lestrade, and the American brute has been carted off in satisfyingly damaged state, he rejoins Mrs. Hudson and John in the cozy warmth of her kitchen. His stomach grumbles demandingly as he wipes his shoes on the mat, and he immediately goes to raid the fridge, unable to ignore the gnawing hunger pangs for another moment.
, in any Alpha’s within close proximity. While sensationalized film and literature would have us believe that affected individuals swiftly devolve into mindless beasts, incapable of denying their animalistic urges, in reality the resultant hormones merely lower social inhibitions. Similar to the effect of moderate alcohol consumption. Hence the term. It's really only at the climax of intercourse that the physiological urges are actually anything approaching impossible to resist. And that stage of events, I'd think it's a rather moot point.”
”There’s no need,” Sherlock informs him dismissively as he hangs his coat and scarf. ”We’ve had one for ages.”
“Of course,” John agrees, forcing a smile of his own as his traitorous mind immediately drifts back to the garden, and the thoughts of Sherlock that had flashed through his mind.
. He moans before he can stop himself, turning his face to nuzzle blissfully against John’s palm. He keeps his eyes shut, but he feels the tension snap into place beneath John’s skin.
“Of course,” Edward smiles in assent, “though please, call me Eddie. ‘Mr. Cavendish’ makes me feel as if I should be in my dotage.” He steps forward to offer his hand to John first, then turns to Sherlock and freezes, nostrils flaring. “Is this your Omega Dr. Watson? Rather unconventional of you, bringing him along,” he inquires of John, tilting his head with curiosity. He pointedly doesn’t offer his hand, but instead runs his eyes appreciatively up and down Sherlock’s form. In response, Sherlock merely raises his brows in cool condescension, and makes no move to bring his own hands out from where they’re folded genteelly behind his back.
“But you’re the only one who knows!” Sherlock snaps back. “They can hardly discipline you over something they aren’t even
“I—” he licks his lips and tastes Sherlock on them, and something clenches in his gut. “I’m so sorry, but I can’t. I’m married.”
“Bloody hell,” John curses and presses the heels of his palms into his eyes. “I was trying to be a little less…
Sherlock doesn’t look up, positively transfixed by the tiny infant cradled in his arms, but he leans into the touch nonetheless. The baby squirms inside his swaddling blanket as John slips a diminutive curl around the tip of his pinky finger, admiring the fluffy miniature of Sherlock’s own coif. Despite his somewhat squashed appearance, he's the spitting image of his Omega father; though there’s a hint of John about his eyes and dainty chin that makes Sherlock’s heart clench tenderly.
“You had no right!” Sherlock thunders as he bangs into the flat, John close at his heels. He snatches his scarf from where it hangs around his neck and whips it furiously across the room at his chair. “None whatsoever, interfering like that!”
“Mr. Holmes is actually our foremost consultant,” Lestrade informs Eddie with a hint of reproach. Sherlock continues to say nothing, inspecting the room indifferently all the while.
“That’s brilliant; it really is. You never cease to amaze me,” John comments as he rolls down his window. The crisp countryside air is an immediate relief from both the overpowering stench of Alpha and the retroactive, protective anger simmering inside him. He sucks in a deep lungful of it gratefully. “But did you have to use so
“I’ve missed something, haven’t I?” John cuts in suddenly from the doorway, and his reappearance thankfully saves Sherlock from having to dignify her aggressive overture with a response. He also, quite conveniently, serves as a perfect, guileless standard against which to compare Ms. Adler's exactingly controlled veneer. Sherlock flicks his eyes between the two Alpha’s, and an increasing sense of unease builds in his gut.
only to correct the television,” John declares to the room at large as he executes a slow turn, to better examine the entirety of the space. “I’d say he was heartbroken but, uh, well, he’s Sherlock. He does all that anyw-”
“No!” Sherlock yelps, unintentionally loud, and John flinches like a kicked dog. Sherlock flushes scarlet and takes a hesitant step forward, lifting his hands plaintively as he scrambles to explain. ”I meant— I don't want you to control your… feelings. Toward me.” He licks his lips anxiously. ”I would, in fact, very much like for you…
As quickly as that train of thought begins leaving the station, Sherlock curbs his Omega before it can get carried away and make a scene. He does, however, grant it a small morsel of satisfaction; leaning in close to John and summarily deducing each of them in turn within an inch of their lives.
Sherlock's expression is endearingly bewildered; eyes blown wide and fixed in on her as though John doesn’t even exist. The Alpha inside of John positively seethes, and it takes everything he has to keep it hidden below his surface. He makes some childish quip about
He rolls his head back onto the chair cushion to stare up at the ceiling as he considers it. While he may be loathe to admit it, his brother has long been his unexpected champion. Excepting his interference during the years of Sherlock’s addiction (which was admittedly fair— not that Sherlock will ever admit it aloud) he’s always granted Sherlock an unheard of level of freedom. As if Sherlock were a beta rather than an omega.
He hasn't pulled rank in ages, and it's just as much of a rush as he remembers it being. Better even, because he's never done it in front of Sherlock before. He's man enough to admit he feels a little thrill of Alpha pride; showing off for
All in all, it’s an interesting social experiment, and regardless, the Omega in him is thrilled, as always, to be mistaken for John’s mate in public.
And of course, Sherlock suddenly solving the mystery of the little girl’s missing bunny-rabbit is a delightfully surprising turn of events. It’s always endearing to glimpse Sherlock’s well-hidden softer side, and the way he pulls clues and a solution to the mystery out of thin air like… well, a rabbit out of a hat, is nothing short of marvelous.
, as you so charmingly put it,” Sherlock elaborates, “John and I. These cuts here,” he points, “they were caused by a saw — manual, not electric. The rest of the lacerations remain consistent with the use of a small, sharp-edged blade, just like the last one.” With hardly a pause, he switches back between subjects. ”We weren’t doing so before, and haven’t since the heat during which we conceived.”
He knows he’s said just the right thing when a bright smile blooms across John’s face, and he basks in the glow of it like summer sunshine.
Much later, he’s nursing a bruised cheekbone and failing spectacularly at not fixating on the recalled sensation of John’s body draped over his back again, for the first time since his heat five weeks ago. John’s hardly touched him since the incident, and it’s absurd how desperately Sherlock’s found himself craving any sort of contact. John had him in a
He tells himself that it’s a sort of inoculation against the dreaded eventuality of Sherlock bonding with another.
He’s determined to stick it out anyways; part sheer stubbornness, part desperation. If he isn’t given to making crap choices, after all, then his name isn’t John H. Watson.
“Uh, yeah, sure,” he accepts, just barely managing to keep the disinterest from his tone. Oblivious, she gestures for the bartender and slides onto the stool beside him.
As predicted, the trip to the chemists is exasperating in the extreme, but with his ire preemptively stoked, delivering a thorough tongue-lashing serves more as a release than a chore. Regardless, the endeavour leaves him feeling drained, and by the time he finally arrives at New Scotland Yard the idea of installing himself in one of the plush conference room chairs for the rest of the afternoon is unquestionably inviting. Though he’d sooner gnaw his own hand off than admit as much to Mycroft, the creep of exhaustion
At that very moment, the library door swings open unexpectedly. John rears up in horror as the Duke of Westminster himself enters, in the company of two other gentlemen.
John’s contrived playfulness, of course, would be entirely more convincing had he not already posed the very same question twice already that morning. And if the ceaseless, repetitive drum of his socked feet against the floor wasn’t liable to wear a hole through the sitting room rug sometime in the near future.
As expected, Sherlock’s comfortably ensconced in front of the crackling fire in the hearth, staring contemplatively into the flames as he cradles a tumbler of amber liquid. John settles into the vacant armchair alongside the preoccupied detective, and sets to filling him in on Henry's well-being (not that Sherlock gives a damn), and the mysterious morse signal that he’d spotted earlier on the moor.
“You know how I feel about such drivel.” Sherlock smiles tightly, folding himself down onto the bench beside John.
“They say you go mad if you have too much,” she remarks nervously. “That you don't leave your seat. You disassociate body from mind.”
“How very uplifting,” Mycroft retorts. “But then you weren’t the one who had to deal with his overdosing on a filthy mattress in a some squalid drug den, now were you?” His eyes fall shut for a moment, as if recalling that very occasion, and Sherlock narrows his eyes in surprise at uncharacteristic display of emotion. “No, even disregarding any health concerns, Sherlock
“She’s tired of working as a secretary and wrongly assumes that, as a doctor, you must be well enough off to keep her. She also happens to be carrying on a rather lacklustre affair with her married boss and resents the amount of time he spends with his wife, so either way she’ll happily take you to bed if only to get a bit of her own back,” Sherlock clicks his tongue sharply on the final consonant, and stares up at John defiantly.
“I got it when I went away, to University. I suppose it’s a…” He hesitates, searching for the right words, “…comfort thing.”
Alfie.” John states firmly, ducking down to nip at the hinge of Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock gasps and leans back, stretching out his neck invitingly for further attention.
John pauses and pulls back just enough to lap at the head of Sherlock's cock as he asks teasingly, “You sure? I could stop.”
In concession to the change of eras, he switches up his wardrobe and appearance slightly. The wool trousers swapped out out for close-fitting dark denims, and his shirt for a more casual striped cotton number, the first two buttons undone. His hair he wears shorter; the better tamed curls giving him an oddly boyish appearance.
Mycroft holds his stare unflinchingly; his only tell the minutest narrowing of his eyes. “Oh, how delightfully comedic,” he simpers. “If you ever tire of being a detective, perhaps you should consider becoming a comedian instead.” Sherlock throws himself back in his chair in delight as Mycroft pauses to take a bracing sip of his tea. “What I was referring to, of course, is that I do believe you've been on a high dosage of suppressants for well over a decade. Do please forgive my confusion over this unlikely turn of events.”
What he’d always thought would be horrifying instead fills him with wonder and affection. No matter what happens, he and John will always be connected to one another by this thread; this new life that they’ve created together.
are still very much so considered property; and there are any number of financially crippling civil suits that can be filed in regard to any perceived ‘interference’.
His Omega thrives inside of him, relishing the sudden increase in contact with what it considers to be it’s Alpha. Given the circumstances, he can’t be bothered to discourage it, and instead chooses to allow it greater reign.
“Ah. Perhaps I neglected to mention,” Sherlock elaborates with a smirk as he sets to tuning the strings, “my brother is rather... shall we say,
and we wouldn’t have gotten anywhere on this without him, so we might as well get as much out of it as we can.”
“Alright. You have five minutes,” Molly peers at him nervously, holding up five fingers in an adorably mild attempt at authoritativeness. Leaning on his umbrella behind her, Mycroft rolls his eyes.
He quiets then- for long enough that Sherlock thinks him finished- until suddenly he continues. “I was in love with her. I really
He frowns back at her in response. He’s doing precisely what she asked; obviously she hasn't quite caught up yet. “No, no. Looking takes
“What do you mean?” John asks innocently as he packs up the remaining take away. “It’s only a matter of time before anyone will be able to tell on their own. It’d be nice to tell people before that.” He gathers up their dishes and the boxes and disappears with them into the kitchen.
It’s with no small amount of relish, then, that he informs John of the jumper’s fabricated demise, in an experiment testing the level of protection provided to human flesh by the natural fibers of wool against various acids.
“Well, if you insist.” John buries his fingers in Sherlock’s riotous curls and pulls him down to suck his lower lip into his mouth. “I suppose I can oblige.”
All in all, it’s quite the change from lonely mornings shivering on the bathroom floor, trying to suppress or disguise his condition as much as possible. Within a matter of days he honestly doesn’t know how he ever did without.
uch later he marvels over the evening’s events in wonderment as he rides back to his rooms in the Duke’s own curricle.
Once they'd made their announcements to Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, John had promised that everyone else could wait to find out until the matter was well and truly obvious to all— and he’d stayed true to his word.
of Mycroft in here. You’re just having me on, aren’t you? I swear to g-” He stops abruptly as he turns toward the driver’s side, nose twitching mere inches from Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock’s smirk widens into a grin. “It’s you!”
He freezes as his eyes adjust to the dim light provided by the smouldering remains of the fire in the hearth, and he realizes the identity of the intruder.
John bops about to the rhythm in sync with everyone else around them, and Sherlock just watches, as his heart begins to try and claw its way up his throat. When John finally releases his hand to execute a turn, he seizes the opportunity and makes a break for it. It’s short work finding his way to the exit, and he bursts out into the alleyway, then sags back against the brick. It takes him a moment to realize that it’s raining, and he stares up at the sky, mesmerized. He’s in the midst of reaching out a shaky hand to feel the droplets against his skin when John appears in the doorway.
but only to study something appropriately genteel; Art History, or Music, or the like,” he waggles his fingers vaguely and turns his eyes back to John’s pointedly. “Something to ensure I was cultured and polished; a better ‘prize’ for my future bondmate. ”
” He bobs his head about as he sniffs, trying to pinpoint the providence of the scent. As he turns toward the driver’s side, the abrupt realization of just
Despite having expected it, Sherlock squirms a bit in his seat with apprehension. He isn’t sure whether or not he actually wants to discuss this. One one hand, he
He gives himself a hard inward shake as he realizes what he’s doing. The angry Alpha entitlement he’s allowing to simmer away below his surface. He’s no right to put any of this on Sherlock. He’d warned John, that very first night on Northumberland Street, that this sort of thing wasn’t his area. And the mystery of Irene Adler notwithstanding, he’s certainly never given John any reason to believe otherwise.
After John’s knot had finally receded, he’d clambered out of bed to retrieve both the agreed upon condoms, and a damp flannel for Sherlock to clean up with. Sherlock hadn’t protested in the slightest, his limbs by that point quite uselessly numb from the pressure of John’s body on top of him.
“Before,” John shifts above him and ventures hesitantly, “in the kitchen, when I touched it… you seemed fine.”
“You’ve spent the last five years fighting on the peninsula; a world away from the townhouses and assembly rooms of London. Were it not for my slight… misadventure, had I come out when I was meant to, our paths might never have crossed that evening in the library.” His mouth quirks into a crooked little smile. “I find that I cannot bring myself to entirely regret my actions, given the outcome.”
At that, John stands and collects both Mycroft and Sherlock’s mugs, giving Sherlock’s forearm a reassuring squeeze as he does, then strides away into the kitchen.
Obviously it’s one of those rhetorical questions John’s so fond of, so he says nothing. John never likes it much when he answers those.
“I had all this stuff; never knew what to do with it.” Irene continues, undeterred, rising from her chair to saunter around to the head of the table. “
He wanders into the bath and twists the taps to start up the shower. The old pipes groan over the task, and he leaves the water to run for a few minutes to heat up. As he waits he relieves himself, then moves to the sink to wash his hands and to retrieve his toothbrush. Leaning over the sink, he catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror and scowls darkly at the sight of smudged lipstick mark to the left of his mouth.
When he can’t take any more of Sherlock’s silent composing and mournful violin, he makes his escape; only to be snagged at the doorstep by one of Mycroft’s beautiful beta lackey’s, and bundled off to the empty husk of Battersea. Despite himself, he can’t help but be entertained by the latest of their increasingly ridiculous meeting places.
Sherlock searches John’s face intently— he can still manage that thankfully— reading his expression as easily as writing on a page. What he finds there surprises him.
John presses Sherlock down against the mattress, nipping at his plush lower lip and Sherlock spreads his thighs apart instinctually, to make room for John to press closer.
knew how to properly bring up an Omega. But once he died and Mycroft became your Alpha Familiae, he spoiled you
to tell John; to share with him anything and everything he desires to know. To bask in the focus of John’s attention.
I liiiiive! My sincerest apologies to for the extremely late update! I'd expected I was going to be a day or two behind thanks to Canada Day, and the craziness of my new position at work, but then my Mum landed herself in the hospital on top of it all. Needless to say, writing has been the least of my worries lately! I've been plugging away whenever I've had the chance (or the energy), but it was embarrassingly slow going. Thank you to everyone who's been commenting, leaving kudos and subscribing!!! I logged in for the first time yesterday to find that this has more than 100 subscribers now, which sort of blew me away. You're all wonderful and I appreciate you joining me on this little experimental venture of mine and hanging in there with me while life made it's own plans!
, or the like. Liam and I got into a punch-up, and our flatmates had to break us up, Tisha crying and carrying on the whole while.”
. Of course, once I was clean, I realized that it had far more promising applications for my work. Mycroft positively
He expects John to tire of their newfound bed habits as he grows larger and more cumbersome, but the Alpha surprises him. It isn’t until late into his sixth month, and a murmured conversation while they’re in the midst of making love that he finally realizes just what it is that’s going on.
” Sherlock cuts off his own mincing speech with a startled squawk. His eyes snap up to gape at John, utterly appalled. “
“Some data is always recoverable,” Mycroft argues in reply, and Sherlock marvels at his brother’s ability to keep any element of desperation from his tone.
“There you are,” he announces in a deep baritone as he plunks himself down next to the blonde man from outside. He lowers his voice significantly to ensure that only the man-
“Well, it’s hardly his place, is it?” Eddie replies incredulously, an agitated flush beginning to creep up his neck in reaction to the scent of a hostile fellow Alpha within his own territory. “Surely you don’t think that it’s
“You know exactly what I mean,” John contends. “Go sit and hold this to your nose. I’ll bring you your tea in a bit.”
“Oh,” Sherlock flushes, casting his eyes toward the waves, “I’d purposely indicated a time for you to visit when she wouldn’t be on shift to avoid that.”
Much later though, once John is snoring peacefully and Sherlock’s regained his mental faculties, he turns the words over obsessively in his head.
The next half-hour at Lauriston Gardens is like something from a film; Sherlock plucking a series of details about the victim seemingly from thin air. And then, just like that, he's gone; ranting wildly about a pink case that he'd seen in his visions and leaving John awkwardly loitering about an active crime scene. Thankfully the disposable blue coveralls allow him to blend into the bustle of the scene for the most part, but he discreetly absents himself before anyone thinks to question his presence.
“Are you absolutely certain?” Sherlock asks, and once again, it’s as though he’s opened a dam; another flood of anxious prattle suddenly spilling from his lips unchecked. “I know that it’s
“I don’t care what it’s called!” Sherlock grumbles, but his body belies his protests, writhing up against John’s lips as he works his way down. When he stops to lap and suck at pebbled nipples, Sherlock
is clear. Could be a date, if she’s followed day-month-year convention, though it’s highly unlikely. Regardless of permutation, none of the numbers with obvious oil deposits correspond easily with any date that one might reasonably extrapolate for a woman of her age range. He shares his reasoning with her in a subtle play to fish a clue out of her, but she doesn't bite.
As he watches, John wrestles open the fly of his jeans, impatiently pushing them down his hips. He only manages to work them just past his pants, before the fabric bunches, clinging frustratingly to his thighs. With an impatient huff, Sherlock unceremoniously shoves him backward. John hits the mattress with a bounce and comedic expression of surprise; a startled ‘oof’ of air escaping him. Sherlock grasps both the trouser hems and toes of his socks and swiftly
The reproductive organs of an Omega in estrus require little to no preparation prior to intercourse. You
certain things he positively will not abide by, like what I told you about my days at University. But, on other points
He isn’t sure whether he’ll find Sherlock in the library, or if he’s waited too long, but sure enough, he finds the omega sprawled lackadaisically on the divan, absorbed in a book that appears to be — he squints at the spine — in
She clutches his hand to her shoulder and laughs heartily as she strokes it. John's outrage melts away immediately in the face of her delight, and a soft smile slowly creeps across his face. The sweet, domestic affection warms Sherlock to his very core. He allows himself to bask contentedly for a short while, carefully committing every detail of it to his mind palace.
.” John raises his eyebrows and tilts his head as he stresses the last word for emphasis, but Lestrade just shakes his head, offering a tiny grimace of incomprehension. John sighs heavily and pinches the bridge of his nose. “A baby, Greg. We’re
Of course, for all that it's fulfilling and awe-inspiring it’s also marvelously uncomfortable. More and more so with every passing day; the discomfort expanding in direct proportion to his waistline.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock readily agrees as he blows on his drink to cool it. “But I’d prefer to tell him myself, rather than via a medical report appearing on his desktop.”
“Oh yes,” He surprises himself with how level he manages to keep his voice. He doesn’t break eye contact with John for so much as an instant as he coolly recounts the decision that catastrophically upended two years of his life. “He developed a proclivity for it during the course of our relationship, through the influence of some of his fellow upperclassmen. He surmised— quite correctly— that I too might enjoy it’s effects, and subsequently acquainted me with its use. An action that rather spectacularly backfired on him, I should think, given its incidental effect on my libido.”
,” she hisses, and her Alpha nods absently, even as he throws a glance back over his shoulder. Sherlock rolls his eyes as he lights his next cigarette behind a cupped hand— typical ill-mannered Alpha swine.
” John cuts himself off abruptly, eyes tracking back to Mycroft with a sudden mortified awareness as he realizes what he’s saying. His cheeks bloom a particularly lurid shade of scarlet, and Sherlock lets loose a low rumble of laughter.
Between the adrenaline of watching John's scuffle with a killer, and the time that’s passed since he last applied it, his neutralizer is well on its way to wearing off. And no one would assume a pregnant omega might be unbonded when they’re out in the company of an alpha. Between that and him being all bundled up the way he is, scarf disguising his lack of a bondbite, there’s nothing else to disabuse her of the notion.
John gawps at Sherlock in utter shock, struggling to reconcile the sweet, soft omega, who’d crawled beguilingly into his lap scant minutes ago with this steely-eyed creature. A startling realization breaks over him and he looks up at Sherlock accusingly.
By the time John’s draping his legs up over his arms and pushing slowly inside, Sherlock feels as though he’s been writhing and begging for
With that in mind, he may as well indulge himself and savour every moment he has left with his Alpha before he’s gone.
Irene avails herself of their shower once Sherlock gently shakes her awake. He loans her his best dressing gown while John hangs her damp clothes up to dry. It’s decidedly the least threadbare, and he’d prefer to go without another display of her… assets.
“That shouldn't be difficult to justify,” Sherlock contends, “It would be rather remiss of Scotland Yard
.” He sneers at her, in a deliberate attempt to provoke her baser nature; that instinctual Alpha drive to impress an Omega, regardless of her personal proclivities. Anything to get her to really
this morning,” he shouts after them peevishly, then pauses to take a quick drag. “And specifically what sort of exercise led to that pattern of distinctly finger-shaped bruises along the back of his neck.” He turns away without waiting to see her reaction, but from the ensuing commotion behind him, it seems to be a poor one.
” Lestrade fumbles in his pocket for his mobile, then sets it on the desk and fiddles about with it to start it recording. “Christ, this is going to be a proper mess isn’t it? It always is with you posh types.”
The baby quiets as John’s hands join Sherlock’s, blanketing the expanse of his tiny back, and he snuffles down contentedly against Sherlock’s skin. John leans in close over Sherlock’s shoulder as they rub his little limbs gently, murmuring to him in calming tones and breathing in lungfuls of his delicate newborn scent. After a handful of minutes, John is invited to the other side of the divider to cut the cord, and the moment of quiet bonding passes. Hamish lets out an unholy screech of protest when the nurse bundles him away for a more thorough check-over and cleaning, and his fathers share an exhausted laugh over his indignant expression.
Once Sherlock sets the bow back against the strings, he finds himself playing a soothing Brahms sonata, rather than his earlier cat-scratch.
Mike introduces him to Sarah the very next morning. She takes one look at his cane and lifts an eyebrow, but doesn’t comment on it.
“Bit odd, meeting us at his dead brother’s house when he has a flat of his own though, isn’t it?” John observes, folding his hands behind his back and casually rocking on his heels as they wait. Lestrade quirks a knowing smile his way just as the door begins to open.
the child as well, but that certainly didn’t make any difference, now did it?” He looks pointedly to his brother’s swollen midsection and the nurse blushes scarlet.
“Mike says you're a winder." She says instead, leaning on the outer edge of her desk. "That's a rare one. I imagine that's useful for catching those little cock-ups that really bollocks everything up every now and again.”
“Okay, that was ridiculous,” John gasps for air when they finally retreat back to the safety of Baker Street. “That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“Yes,” he pulls his brows together thoughtfully, “Disregarding the physical discomforts at least. It’s provided me a wealth of data that I neglected to record in my youth.”
“Yes, quite.” Mycroft agrees, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. “And you, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft turns to John expectantly after a few brief, contemplative moments. “You're amenable to go along with this, frankly, preposterous idea?”
“Suppose we should start thinking on who else to tell,” he announces offhandedly as sets his plate atop of Sherlock’s and wipes his mouth with a napkin. “Now that the hard bit’s over with.”
“Sherlock, wait!” John clambers back up onto the bed fully, throwing an arm out over Sherlock to prevent him from rolling away. He looks down, bracing himself over the detective with one hand against the duvet next to Sherlock’s shoulder. “Don’t, I- Yes! Of course I’ll… ” He closes his eyes briefly and inhales deeply through his nose as though steadying himself. “
with The Woman, he's still feeling awful- worse actually. He was sick again in the morning, and even now that the nausea has abated he feels terribly drained.
standards amongst their staff. The same, however, was by no means a guarantee if he climbed into the back of just any taxi that happened by.
understand the hurt he causes, to some degree, because he falls silent for a few moments, staring thoughtfully out at John across the space between them. When he gives a small cough and picks up again, it’s endearingly clear he’s chosen his next words with more care.
“London,” John smiles and nudges against Sherlock again pointedly.“So come on, I showed you mine. Where are you? You know I can just look it up.”
“No, unfortunately not. If you’d have started back on your pills as soon as the preheat symptoms started, or had even gotten a high-dose suppressant shot a few days ago, maybe. But this far into a heat? Anything would be incredibly dangerous to your reproductive system. You're just going to have to… ride it out.”
"Which bits," John repeats. "You said you see bits and piece the rest together," he elaborates, "which parts did you
“Oh.” Sherlock blinks rapidly in response, awkward silence stretching out between them as the minutes tick by without him saying anything further. John's just beginning to seriously contemplate throwing himself out of the moving vehicle and making his own way back to London when Sherlock suddenly breaks the silence with a sudden flood of words.
,” she adds offhandedly as she finally reaches back to accept the Belstaff, then turns away from John to shrug into it.
It’s better than cocaine, than heroin- than anything he’s ever done before. If he had any lingering doubts left as to his…
In the end, he’d resorted to fleeing the flat with some flimsy excuse about a nonexistent case, to prevent himself from starting a row.
“Ugh,” Sherlock twists his face in disgust, “what the hell am I supposed to say to that?” John chuckles heartily in response, and Sherlock pointedly redirects his attention to his plate and the telly, inviting no further discussion of the matter whatsoever.
“Cheers,” John salutes him with his glass in reply, and Sherlock takes a sip of his own, coughing slightly with the unfamiliar taste of gin hits him. John frowns at the reaction.“You never tasted it before?”
"Come,” he beckons, pulling John backward toward the bed with him. When the backs of his legs bump up against the mattress he drops to sit, and John steps into the welcoming vee of his legs seamlessly. He pulls John down for another kiss, as his hands creep between them, setting to work on John’s belt. When he finally pushes aside the files of John’s trousers and palms the growing erection tenting the front of the plain, serviceable cotton pants beneath, John pulls back with a hiss.
When Sherlock peers up at him expectantly, he realizes he’s in no way acknowledged Sherlock’s momentous announcement. With a pained swallow, he licks his lips and mumbles the obvious:
The days crawl by with little more than a few brushes of lips, passing touches to his belly and a brief clasp of fingers between them.
You're growing our baby.” His hands smooth reverently over the hard mound of Sherlock’s stomach and his eyes darken as his pupils dilate. The air in the room seems to transform; growing syrupy thick with arousal, and Sherlock shivers beneath his palms. “
a doctor. Sherlock…” John rubs his eyes in an agitated but exhausted manner and sighs heavily. “I wouldn’t just
“Sorry?” John blinks dazedly while Lestrade chokes on the water he's chosen an inopportune moment to sip.
He's deeply immersed in the the printed record of several months worth of text messages between the chief suspect and his erstwhile mistress, when the ache in his lower back reveals itself to be something significantly
“Ah.” John sheepishly hauls his laptop forward from the coffee table, single-mindedly fixing his eyes on the screen in order to better avoid Mycroft’s. “Please, um, forget you heard that.”
“What's going on out here?” Lestrade cuts in suddenly as he appears in the archway that leads out to the sitting room. He looks between John and the two PCs, raising his eyebrows pointedly at his men. The Beta, at least, has the grace to look abashed, casting his eyes downward and shuffling his feet.
“You don’t think it was murder?” She asks dubiously, and he sighs heavily, which makes John smile in amusement.
“Yes, well, that is generally how pregnancy works,” Sherlock snipes in reply, self-consciously tugging the edges of his coat together over his bump. “Don’t worry — you can go back to being the fat one soon enough. ”
“Really?” Sherlock falters, his elfin features taking on an adorably perplexed cast as he enfolds John’s fingers in his own for a firm shake.
“What?” Sherlock demands, propping himself up on his elbows in eagerness. His unbuttoned shirt falls open completely as he does, but the cooler air against his skin provides more relief than the exposure does self-consciousness.
“Still your usual charming self, I see,” Mycroft sneers, reaching into his breast pocket to retrieve his mobile and return his attention to whatever political crisis is currently brewing sight unseen. Sherlock pulls his own mobile from his coat to entertain himself with as they travel in silence. A text alert pops up and he sighs.
“Times two,” John insists firmly to the bartender, then leans on the bar and drags his eyes slowly up and down Sherlock’s form.
“I was married to a woman,” John starts hesitantly. “A long time, I was married. But I always knew. I mean, I'd be attracted to other men. Co-workers, friends, some waiter that served me. I fancied them.
," Sherlock spits the word from his mouth with great offense. He snatches the phone back from John's hands hastily.
Despite everything, the rules- as Molly so aptly put it- are still the rules, and it’s not until Saturday night that John is allowed to log in to the system.
“Hamish.” Sherlock announces offhandedly, and John scrunches his face in surprise as he shrugs out of his own jacket.
bedroom now that there’s no need for the pretence of going to the one upstairs. Sherlock shifts on his feet as he watches him go and grimaces when he feels a trickle of fluid creep down his inner thigh. He opens his mouth to announce his own departure to the bath just as his eyes alight on his brother’s face.
“Thank you, Mr Holmes.” The American commends politely behind him before commanding him to open it. Sherlock glances back discretely at Irene as he twists the latch, and is rewarded with a minute jerk of her head that confirms his suspicions.
Sherlock scrabbles at his pocket in a desperate bid to preemptively silence his mobile. He just manages to fish it out as John speaks up again from the other side of the pipes.
Understandable, considering the general unlikelihood of an unbonded Omega being in the company of an
“No right?” John growls back. “I’m sorry, did you forget the small detail that that is, in fact, my child that you have in there?“ he shouts, stabbing an accusatory finger in the direction of Sherlock’s midsection. “I think I have somewhat of a vested interest in your safety!”
“Quite.” Sherlock agrees with a smirk. “Well, that's all for now,” he declares with a decisive clap of his hands. “I'm off then.”
” he flips over the printed still of Eddie in the window to reveal the one of he and Marie carrying Philip’s body, “proves rather a lot.”
“Mm,” the Alpha hums in agreement, “wouldn’t be much of a chore bending him over and showing him his place. He isn't hard on the eyes
, without having to give up the case entirely. “You also need to secure warrants for their mobile records, and the entirety of the Cavendish home, including any security footage of the premises.” He pauses in the doorway, and turns back waving his gloves in a pointed gesture of recollection. “Oh! And a warrant for Edward Cavendish's flat as well.”
but yeah, it’s um, preferable.” John agrees, reaching over his head to yank his jumper off. Sherlock carefully undoes his cuffs and pushes his shirt off of his shoulders, tossing it over the edge of the bed to drop on the floor. John huffs a laugh as his head reemerges from the bottom of it and he launches the jumper across the room before starting in on his shirt buttons. “Neither of us knowing what the hell we’re doing makes me feel a bit like I’m sixteen again; skiving off school to have it off with Hannah Davies while my Mum was still at work.”
know that your Alpha was already dead when his brother arrived at the house. Curious that. I also know he had abnormally high levels of zopiclone in his system, petechial hemorrhaging consistent with smothering and postmortem lividity along his back. Given the location of his body’s discovery, I’m sure that wasn’t the intended outcome. So what was it? Did Eddie slip Philip the pills while they were out, or was that you? I imagine the plan was for his death to look like an unfortunate accident. Rather inconvenient all this.”
“No, he most certainly did not,” John grants with a terse nod of his head. “He said he was just visiting.”
“You have a passcode to open this,” Mycroft’s states calmly before his tone drops, taking on the menacing quality of barely contained Alpha threat. “I deeply regret to say we have people who can extract it from you.”
?” She reiterates, her gaze intently focused up at him and the first hint of irritation creeping into her voice.
“He’s my friend,” John notifies her brusquely, “I haven’t seen him in a while, and he’s sick, Sarah. Like, ‘six months to live’ sick-”
up the duff!” John whisper-shouts with more than a touch of hysteria. “Oh christ,” he leans forward, clutching white-knuckled at the lip of the table, and hisses: “Do you think he’ll have me
John’s form is sturdy, and well-muscled, with a bit of soft padding over his middle that only serves to make him look all the more pleasantly touchable.
John’s words die on his tongue when a figure emerges from the shadows amongst the control panels, and Sherlock feels the bottom of his stomach drop away.
“Oh my,” she frowns, her free hand coming up to flutter against her breast in disbelief. Like her husband, she recovers quickly. “Well! If that’s the case, leave it to me to be your first line of offence,” she smiles and winks, “I’ll lead you safely into battle.”
growing inside of Sherlock; one that’s a combination of the both of them is absolutely… well, he never knew that was something he wanted, but now that it’s happening he wants it so much it’s a little terrifying.
“John,” he groans. “Please don’t be tedious. Just because I haven’t shared a heat before, I’m hardly a
“Yes. Well… um,” Sherlock shifts in his chair and takes a shaky breath, “I have reason to be more concerned for my safety than I used to be. I may have neglected to…”
Whew! Everytime I attempt to write smut, it’s like mental gymnastics— where are all the limbs? Is everyone staying where they belong or have they magically materialised somewhere they shouldn't have? How’d that hand get there? (Am I the only one who has this bizzare hang up?) If you read this and thought something seemed off about the *cough* mechanics, it might be because of my personal take on Omegaverse. If you’re especially particular, or are interested in that sort of thing, you can read all my ridiculously over-thought worldbuilding
your pardon!” Another, decidedly feminine, voice chimes in affrontedly from the window of the ground level flat.
chose not to stick around… So now it's me. And I'm passing through. And before I leave, I'll have a good time. I'm just going to have a good time.” A single tear rolls down his cheek to the tip of his nose, and Sherlock reaches out to brush it away gently with his thumb. With a sniff, John peers over his shoulder to check the clock on the bedside table.
how many cases of chlamydia I’ve seen,” he snorts. “But otherwise, battlefield first-aid doesn’t exactly transfer well to runny noses and the like.”
Logically, he’s aware that John’s never exhibited any interest in a fellow Alpha; female or otherwise. But he’s also never met
“Where’s the body?” Sherlock prompts hurriedly, casting a quick glance back over his shoulder. Perhaps if they can move things along before John finishes paying the cabbie, he’ll forget about his plans entirely.
“Yes, I did,” John replies firmly. “I don’t care if you’ve heard it before or not. You shouldn’t have to hear it at
It takes a few instances for John to notice, given Sherlock’s mercurial nature and absurdly inconsistent attention span. Every so often, (generally following another failed attempt on John’s behalf at addressing the mystery of Irene Adler) the detective turns his eye on John rather intensely before making as if to announce something. John always braces himself for some cutting remark, or wildly offensive diatribe, only to be left entirely flummoxed when Sherlock instead flushes and stammers some obvious last-minute fabrication, instead of whatever it was he’d
“Don’t be ridiculous John,” Sherlock huffs, burrowing deeper under the afghan to hide his struggle to keep a straight face. “I never wear
. Her heat came on a bit early, and well… Once we started, we couldn’t stop.” Eddie drops back down to the sofa, dropping back onto the sofa once more, bowing his head to cradle it in his hands. “The baby… it was an accident. We always used protection, but she couldn’t go on a proper contraceptive suppressant. Anyone would have been able to smell the difference in her scent, and report back to Philip. Still, somehow we managed to avoid it for years…” He looks up, eyes watery and bleak and huffs an unamused laugh. “I suppose our luck ran out.”
John opens his mouth as if to say something, and Sherlock lowers his bow expectantly. He braces himself for something cruel and biting. Something to help snap him out of this pathetic infatuation.
“I'm so sorry John,” Clara sighs into his shoulder as she gathers him close for a hug. “She promised she wouldn't, but you know how it is.”
He’d attempted to brush it aside as he did the various irritating demands of his transport, but it had hatefully persisted until he’d finally grown agitated enough that even
“I’m assuming I missed something.” The Alpha informs him curtly. “From your reputation, I’m assuming you
For the past six weeks, there has been a bundle of cells growing inside of him that is an amalgamation of himself and John, and that’s…simultaneously the most terrifying and strangely
John stifles a laugh. Of course he had. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his own mobile; the new one that Harry had insisted that he accept. He limps the short distance across the across the room with his cane to offer it up.
“Yes, thank you John. I’m well aware of that,” Sherlock feigns ignorance of John’s obviously imminent panic. His lips twitch as he struggles to maintain a neutral expression.
Another reminder of what happens to those who don’t follow the rules and abide by their proper place in the world. He fishes his own mobile from his pocket and dials Mycroft immediately.
“You needn’t concern yourself Captain,” he cuts off John’s spiraling thoughts. “I’ve not touched the concoction since. Mycroft has banned it from the premises of our household entirely.”
“Rest assured John, in this day and age, no one is going to assume that Mycroft tied me to the bedposts and let you have your way with me. He’s not
“Mary,” John states, as if that remotely answers Sherlock’s question whatsoever. “That's... My wife's name was Mary,” he elaborates, staring out across the beach at the water. “She died just two years ago. So we had the opportunity to stay, in St. Juniperus. Pass over. She didn't take it. Didn't
And with how long you’d been on suppressants for, the odds of us conceiving were downright infinitesimal.”
why people tell everyone,” John explains as he as he falls back, the distance between their bodies yawning as he props himself up against the opposite arm of the sofa. Sherlock feels a momentary twinge of disappointment, but then John stretches out and amiably tangles their feet together, and the sight of the two smaller, sock-clad feet nestled between his own warms him from inside out. “At the very least,” John continues obliviously, “we’ve got to tell Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade. I suppose I should tell Harry, but… “ he trails off, plucking his beer from the coffee table to take a long pull off it.
Finally, John slumps on top on of him, face buried in Sherlock’s neck and chest heaving from the exertion. Sherlock lets his legs go slack about his waist, but leaves his ankles crossed loosely, to avoid jostling them where they’re joined. John’s somewhat heavier than expected, but Sherlock finds the warm weight pressing him down into the mattress to be oddly comforting rather than stifling. He hums contentedly and absently rubs his palms over John’s back.
And so Sherlock finds himself sat between Donovan and a young PC whose name he’s already deleted, smouldering with discontent in the back of cramped van in Tottenham, when the call comes crackling through on the radio.
“This doesn’t exactly seem your era,” Sherlock muses aloud, surveying their surroundings dubiously. His eyes narrow when John’s gaze darts away guiltily. “You hid from me,” he accuses.
He’s saved from having to elaborate any further in their current, awkwardly semi-public setting when the cab comes to a sudden halt, pulling up to the kerb. Taking a closer look at their surroundings, Sherlock’s startled to find that they’ve arrived back on Baker Street without his notice.
“Well, I’m not twenty anymore. Twisting about like that to talk to you is murder on the back.” As if to prove his point, John wriggles a hand beneath him to rub briefly at his waist with a wince. His body arches with the motion, inadvertently drawing attention to the as yet unacknowledged, but apparently very persistent erection straining the fabric of his jeans. The sight brings the warm thrum of arousal back to the forefront of Sherlock’s mind. He allows his gaze to linger, peering surreptitiously through his lashes while John resettles and folds his arms up beneath his head.
two Omegas grappling about, pulling each other's hair and the like? Like something out of a porno that was! Don’t tell me it didn’t make things a bit tight in your trousers.” Sherlock hears the Alpha PC guarding the front door of the flat comment lewdly to his Beta partner with a chuckle. He blanches, pressing the cloth tighter against his nose as if to hide behind it, and curls his shoulders forward defensively. Thanks to the angle of his head, he isn’t entirely sure if they’re just oblivious to the fact that he’s well within earshot, or if they just don’t give a damn.
“Dr. Watson!” Sherlock beams as he looms over him, hands stuffed in the pockets that dramatic greatcoat. “Excellent, I was hoping to find you here! I was looking for Dr. Stamford, but he wasn't in his office.”
well, it was entirely possible that it he would be discomfited enough by it to move out. And Sherlock would do anything to ensure John’s continued presence. He’d decided then and there that he would carefully archive his newly collected data regarding sexual desire and copulation away in his mind palace, and immediately resume his appropriate suppressant dosage. That would resolve the matter neatly, and keep John where he belonged: at 221B.
All the activity in the room screeches to a halt as every officer turns to gape at the two Omegas grappling on the sitting room rug. In an unanticipated show of strength, Marie viciously twists one hand in Sherlock’s curls, and yanks upward before shoving back down again, slamming his face against the floor.
”I was meant to have my coming-out last season, you know,” the omega confides off-handedly one evening, as he engages in one of his impromptu ‘experiments’. John hums absently in response, carefully monitoring with a mixture of mild concern and bemusement as Sherlock kneels alarmingly close to the hearth of their current haunt, iron poker in hand. He’s not sure what relation Sherlock’s belated entrance into society has to this latest caper; and given that Sherlock is often given to wild non-sequiturs, he’s far more preoccupied with ensuring that his madman doesn’t inadvertently set himself alight.
“Oh,” Sherlock blinks against the sudden prickle of moisture in his eyes. Just like that, the enormous weight he’s been struggling under for the last several weeks drops away from his shoulders, and he feels light enough to simply float away.
“Whatever for?” Mycroft questions incredulously. “Surely Detective Inspector Lestrade isn’t allowing you to traipse about crime scenes in your condition.”
He generally tries not to think about the drugs; to picture Sherlock as one of the sad, desperate junkies he dealt with in A&E during his residency. Thankfully it doesn’t come up often, despite his and Mycroft’s established protocol for ‘danger nights’.
“I do believe that was implied by my hesitation to inform you. It’s a marvelous scientific opportunity that should no
It preens delightedly when a pretty Beta woman sizes John up admiringly, only to frown in disappointment when she notices Sherlock. The disbelieving looks and head-shakes that two separate Alphas and one burly male Beta direct at John following their interested leers at Sherlock on the other hand, leave it puffed up with indignation.
“Well, out with it then. So you’ve… y’know...” John abruptly shatters the comfortable silence and Sherlock freezes in the midst of folding an arm beneath his head.
club- for lack of a better word- on the farthest outskirts of town. It’s grotty and dark, housed in what appears to be a disused power station, and filled to the rafters with people in various states of undress; most of whom are sporting some kind of fetish accouterment or other. A litany of moans and cries, just barely detectable over the thumping bass of music, greet him when he steps inside.
He was the worst sort. No better than any of the over-bearing, entitled Alphas he’d spend his whole life detesting.
” he gestures at the swell of his belly, “became obvious, it's become utterly tedious going anywhere, or trying to
doing here? Still running around making sure to rub your unnatural life style in the rest of our faces?”
On a plane full of corpses parked on a tarmac at Heathrow, Sherlock is sideswiped entirely by the mortifying realization of just how thoroughly Irene has used him to betray his own brother. Though he’ll never openly admit it, Mycroft’s plan had been entirely ingenious, and it pains him to have ruined it. Somehow worse is his brother’s disappointment, and
Sherlock sorts through the stacks of documents, bagged evidence and photographs cluttering Lestrade’s desk, slowly building up a picture in his mind. Philip Cavendish; Alpha, forty-five, overall good health, died of asphyxiation sometime around midnight, prior to his body being discovered on Monday morning. Relatively high amounts of zopiclone in his system, in addition to a blood alcohol level a mere hair below that of legal intoxication. Bonded to Marie Cavendish, Omega, thirty, for the past nine years.
To assist me with this sort of thing. It occurs to me that you are, without question, the most dependable person that I know. My closest and most trusted friend. And I find that I would not be adverse to- that is to say, I was wondering, if you would possibly be amenable to…”
“I will?” Lestrade fixes Sherlock with a wide-eyed look of tentative hope, and Sherlock huffs in amusement as he shrugs into the Belstaff.
sensation, the last time they found themselves in bed together. He grimaces and nods, rubbing his fingers over the smarting nub. The unpleasant ache beneath his fingertips brings him crashing back to the reality of his changing body.
. But he was weak and sloppy from the pills and the drink, and it was so easy to just climb on top of him and press the pillow to his face, until he stopped struggling.”
He stops only when John returns home a few hours later, stomping up the stairs and coming to a stop in the sitting room doorway.
“Can we have a moment alone?” The nurse nods and quietly absents herself, easing the door shut behind her as she leaves. “Look Sherlock, I won’t sugar-coat things for you. The doctor met with Mycroft and I while you were sleeping— ”
“You’re the first person who’s truly enjoyed my company, rather than just tolerated because of my station, or bloodline, or fortune. I’ve found myself experiencing… feelings of late. Of the sort that I’ve never felt before now. Toward you.”
“No Sherlock. These feelings… it’s biological, just as you said. They’re very natural, and there’s nothing wrong with them, but they would be better suited directed toward someone else.”
"Who cares about decent?” Sherlock happily dismisses the notion as he slips his sunglasses back down over his eyes. “The game, Mrs. Hudson, is on!" She titters girlishly and shoos him playfully, turning away from the window and disappearing back into her flat, just as the front door swings open.
“Deduce that, did you?” John laughs drily, but with no real bite to his tone. As he speaks, his brings both hands up to ruffle through the hair at his crown in a rough, self-conscious manner. Sherlock watches the action from the corner of one eye, and finds his own fingers twitching with a sudden desire to slide through ashen blonde strands. Instead, he presses his left hand tight against his thigh and keeps his eyes trained intently on the ceiling above them as John continues. “That’s one way of putting it. I got in after a late lab to find her and one of my flatmates, Liam O’Donnelly, shagging each other blind on the sofa of the shared lounge.”
“Well, if John isn’t allowed to stay than I won’t either,” Sherlock huffs, attempting to lever himself up from the mattress.
He’s ruined this opportunity; showing his hand and making John think he’s just a desperate, needy Omega after all. John catches on immediately, clambering back onto his knees quickly and framing Sherlock’s face soothingly between his palms.
“Well, after Fairfax bit me, Victor insisted on seeing me to the nearest Urgent Care centre. And then he wouldn’t leave until Mycroft arrived and ordered him off. He found out where I was residing and started showing up at my rooms the next day, constantly bringing me food and trying to usher me to my lectures. It was all horribly aggravating, and I tried rebuffing him, but he remained determined to befriend me. I discovered over the next several weeks that— despite his irritating persistence— he was actually remarkably intelligent, and-” He frowns as John cuts him off with a sharp bark of laughter.
“Five was a nice touch,” the young man inclines his head and gives a wry chuckle. “Made it seem more believable.”
Then Sherlock tries tricking her with a dupe camera phone, which doesn’t fool her for a moment, and he gazes down on her in captivated admiration as he hands her the real thing.
by John's suggestion. Perhaps he's concerned that John disapproves of- of- whatever the hell it is between he and Irene. The unease on Sherlock’s face is not unlike a slap, reminding John of his promise to himself, and he forces a smile up at Sherlock in reassurance.
“You wouldn’t have,” Sherlock argues, making no move whatsoever to move out from beneath John’s thighs as expected. “Even asleep, you’d subconsciously recognize my scent.”
They continue on like so, gasping against one another’s mouths when they no longer have the coordination to kiss properly.
, come on,” the woman jogging along after him implores. “We've only got a couple of hours... let's use it!”
John frowns consideringly, then begins nodding slowly in agreement. “That… actually makes a lot of sense.”
.” John scoffs coldly. “When she was dying, and they offered her this-” he waves his arm in a gesture encompassing their surroundings. “You know, when she was dying, Mary said to me when they offered her this, to pass over, pass through, spend eternity in this fucking graveyard you're so in love with, she said, ‘How can I? When she missed out, how can I?’ And so she went. And I wish I could believe she's with her now, that they're together, but I don't. I believe they're
When Sherlock finally flops down into across from him at the breakfast table, John freezes; jam dripping slowly from the knife in his hand as he scents the air with a strange, seemingly unconscious, fervour. Sherlock sinks further down in his chair, sulkily burrowing into the sheet still wrapped around him in anticipation of John’s next words.
By the time that John rolls Sherlock onto his back and spreads his legs anew, the omega is fairly vibrating with want.
“Of course not. Don't be ridiculous,” he dismisses the wildly unacceptable suggestion. “I'm in the middle of giving birth to our child, and I’m not above admitting that it’s a— “ Another contraction hits, surging through his body like a wave, and he pauses to pant through it. He crushes John’s fingers with his own, only letting up as it retreats. “Deeply uncomfortable experience,” he continues as he catches his breath. “So, I would much prefer you carry on exactly as your doing. I don't give a rat’s arse what she thinks.”
It isn’t until he gets up to his room that the violin starts up again; soft, and achingly beautiful this time, instead of the discordant screeching of before. He tries desperately to cling to his anger and resentment, but his resolve quickly melts away under the warmth of the unspoken apology carrying up the stairs.
“It’s largely due to marital practices of the elite— traditionally we were essentially sold off to the highest bidder. Being that the gene is recessive, it was only a matter of time before Omegas were largely bred out of the lower classes and into the upper. Even today, working-class Omega’s are essentially guaranteed an advantageous union without any sort of real effort, if they so choose. Financial security in exchange for our fecundity. Given our lack of independence, it’s a sensible trade.”
Sherlock looks to Irene desperately she glances downward pointedly and his brows pull together. His Alpha’s
“Come on.” John grabs hold of Sherlock’s coat sleeve and gently tugs him in the direction of the bar. He waves down the bartender and holds up two fingers. “Gin and tonic times two!’
His Omega settles happily inside of him with a pleased huff, and he gives it a perfunctory roll of his eyes, before neatly pushing the entire affair aside in his mind and refocusing on the case at hand.
“There’s no misunderstanding,” the nurse interrupts waspishly. “Mr. Watson, you need to leave immediately. And
“Tad bit, yeah.” John giggles, scrubbing a hand over his face. “It turned into a scene straight out of crap telly.
The rest of John’s statement is thankfully far simpler. They are, completely inarguably, engaging in exactly the sort of ineffectual activity that one might describe as ‘faffing’. And the bedroom has indeed grown dark with the setting of sun. The light spilling in from the kitchen and the dim glow of the streetlamp beyond the undrawn curtains lending them just enough light to make out one another's features, but he will allow the technicality to pass.
