“It’s late and there isn’t any take-out in the fridge so I’m guessing you haven’t eaten. You want a pizza?”
“My brother was really sick when he was a baby, he was born with a defect that affected his whole system.” Dean heard himself say. “Most of my childhood and Sammy’s was spent in hospital while they carried out endless tests. He’d had more surgeries by the time he was ten than more people have in their lifetime. He’s still on daily medication. That added to my dad always working in the ER meant I grew up in the hospital. I guess that made me want to be a surgeon from a really young age.”
“Very funny Dean…I was actually texting Ruby.” Sam said blushing even more to Dean’s glee from the huge grin spread across his face. “And I’m now regretting telling you that because no doubt you’ve never going to let me live it down.” Sam added rolling his eyes. “Charlie’s going to order the pizzas so if you have any preferences then just yell them.” Sam said hurrying down the hallway before Dean could say anything else about him and Ruby.
"Yeah there is, I just put the pot on. Hope you like it strong though, my mom only gets Italian Roast strong enough to make the heaviest trucker jittery." Dean said nodding over to the coffee maker on the kitchen counter top. He opened the nearest cupboard to him and handed Castiel a large mug very much like the mugs they had in Castiel's own house. "She doesn't buy small mugs either." Dean said shrugging his shoulders before going over to a basket of what looked like fresh washing. Castiel turned back to concentrate on pouring his coffee but clearly he didn't take long enough as when he turned back to Dean as the other boy was still shirtless though a tattered looking t-shirt was in his hands.
“Ow! Fuck!” he cursed bring his hand to feel where his forehead had connected with the metal. Being the unhelpful asshat that he was Cas just lay there and laughed loudly at Dean’s pain. “Oh you think that’s funny?” he jibed.
“Is it bad that I’m excited?” Dean responded. Cas shook his head. “Good…’cause I know I should be nervous but damn this is going to be huge for Krissy. She’s hopefully not gonna be sick any longer and she can go on to kick ass on the volleyball court.”
“I get that you’re pissed about Haniel and Zaphkiel but I spoke to Raphael while in Heaven.” He said almost accusingly.
“Wow, I really hope you fall on your smug fucking face sometime during today.” Dean said rolling his eyes. “Then we can all give you shit about your wedding and people can stop shitting over mine.” He added, more to himself than to Jimmy. Before this week any talk about Cas, his marriage or his divorce had been a no go area. Just because he and Cas were slowly getting on some sort of track didn’t mean that Jimmy could piss all over his drunken, Vegas wedding.
The air was thick with the unmistakable aftermath of a recent battle. The smell of freshly spilt blood clung to every surface which would have unsettled the stomach of a human yet no humans were present. With a ruffle of wings, feathers askew from close combat, his hold on the blade in his hand relaxed as Dean let out an exhausted and remorseful lament.
“Forget it Luke, just forget it ok?” Castiel said turning on his heels and marching out the room towards his own to get changed out of his clothes.
"Ellen Harvelle would whoop your ass clear across the state without even breaking a sweat." She said grinning brightly. As he watched Jo smile and order two more shots Dean felt the weight in his chest lift slightly. Moving away and accepting this job had changed a lot of things and it had ended a relationship but it all seemed for the best even. Sure Dean was still convinced that Castiel Novak was plotting his murder, along with Adam’s seeing as the charting was never done on time, but Dean had friends and a job he actually loved so maybe, just maybe things were looking up for him.
“It really does take work to be this happy. It’s not just about eating well and working out. Putting pine nuts on your salad doesn’t make you a grown up.”
He quickly worked Cas over until they were both on the brink, clinging to the edge before anything had really happened. They hadn’t been together like this for days, work and Dean’s parents visiting stopping them from doing more than make out or quick fumbles in the shower. Dean had missed the feeling he got when he was with Cas, that feeling of being completely whole. He’d missed how their bodies pressed together like they were made for one another, just one another. As Cas’ breath became more and more ragged Dean slicked himself up and gently pushed himself in, making sure he didn’t go too quickly. Cas bit down on his shoulder as a small sob escaped his lips and that nearly Dean over the edge there and then. Dean’s hips snapped as his rhythm became more desperate, he needed to feel closer to Cas after everything that had gone since the night before. He needed Cas so much it was terrifying.
Dean could barely contain the smile that spread across his face as he took in the quote and moved on to read Castiel’s note.
The arch dissection went without any problems. It had been a long surgery and Dean’s legs were protesting from being made to stand for so long so sitting in a bar with a beer in his hand sounded like a great idea. Like the last time, he and Castiel grabbed a booth away from the bar though they both agreed on drinking far less than the first time they’d gone to the bar together. They were halfway through the first round when Benny Lafitte came walking through the door and gave Castiel a curt nod.
“That was the environment I grew up in. When I went away to college I found a lot more freedom and, I will admit, went a bit wild.”
“Ok man, you’re in the ER tonight according to the rota,” Adam said. “Good luck man, you’ll probably need it.” He added giving Dean a clap on the back before trailing after Jo.
The ingredients needed were all stored under the false bottom of Castiel’s trunk. They had never been needed to be used before but Anna had always said it was useful to keep them in the car. Castiel couldn’t help but think about how she had been right in the end. Burying them in the dirt Castiel’s breath stalled as he waited.
“Now, not in five minutes.” Novak snapped walking away before Dean could say anything else. Dick. Dean ground his teeth together to stop himself from yelling after Novak but when he caught Dr Lafitte’s smirk he felt slightly better.
“Cas. Jimmy’s brother. In case the whole identical twin things wasn't damn obvious.” Cas! That was it. It was short for something religious but Dean remembered that Jimmy’s twin brother went by Cas. jimmy had said that Cas hated his full name. “Jimmy said he was gonna be here. Do you know where he is?” Cas asked. "I've driven all the way from fucking Washington to help you idiots move in and now Jimmy's nowhere to be found." Damn, Cas must love his brother if he'd driven all the way from Washington to help Jimmy move in. Either that or Cas owed him.
“I’ll never really understand you Castiel, Jimmy is so straight forward but you…you really are something else entirely but I love you.”
“I’ve been saving up you see…you know, my money.” Luke said quickly and that stopped Castiel because he always assumed that Luke just frittered his money away except for when it came to his car. “I’ve been picking up more shifts at the bar and I’ve been saving up to move out, get a place in Minneapolis or somewhere like that, but Dad’s frozen my account because he thinks I’m going to do something stupid with my money and it’s was probably Michael’s idea to begin with and-”
“You’re a lightweight.” Sam muttered but he still helped Dean up out the bar booth. True he wore a smirk while doing it but at least he was being helpful. “I’m going to tell mom you were drunk before your first day of work.” He added with an honest to God childish snicker. What a little shit.
“I…I don’t really have to eat anymore.” Dean said with a shrug of his shoulders and he saw Castiel’s eyebrows knit together with concern or maybe it could have been wonder. He wasn’t quite sure. “It’s something I miss. After hunts my dad and I would always stop off at some greasy diner to grab a burger or slice of pie. It seemed so silly back then, doing something so normal after ganking a ghost but looking back…man I’d give anything to just sit in some crappy diner and inhaled a burger.” Castiel looked at Dean, his eyes filled with concern, and gave him a weak smile. “I’ll try half a p-b sandwich though.” Dean added trying to make light of the situation. He took a generous bite of the sandwich and stopped for a moment to savour the flavours that erupted over his tongue.
Downstairs, Cas could hear the sound of laughter and clanging pots. He was warm and cosy in Dean’s arms but if he didn’t get downstairs soon then there was a high chance something would catch on fire. Careful not to wake Dean, Cas slid out of bed and dressed in a simple sweater and pants combo. From the bed Dean let a contented sigh, smashing his face into one of Cas’ duck feather pillows. Cas smiled to himself as he looked down at Dean. Even after all these years Dean really was the most beautiful person hee had ever met. Another loud clang from the kitchen pulled Cas’ focus from him. He prayed that his kitchen was still standing as he hurried downstairs.
He was screwed. This wasn’t just some small crush he could pass off in a few days. He was beginning to realise that he had real feelings for Cas. It wasn’t just because Cas was incredibly handsome. He was smart and funny, even when he didn’t mean to be. Cas was a unique guy and Dean was utterly helpless to stop his feelings from growing.
"God Charlie, do you want to slow down?" Jess asked between sips of her own drink. Sam, who was sat on the stool next to her, just snorted.
The next time his brother came to stay Dean was keeping him as far away from Ruby and her creepy, totally inappropriate intentions.
“The family fortune goes hand in hand with the dead parents. The perfect recipe for being jaded.” Bela shot back.
“I’ll be fine; the main thing we have to worry about right now is Gabriel. Anna is right, the longer he goes on thinking I’m still in Hell the worse it’s going to be when he finds out I’m alive.” Castiel said pulling an old t-shirt over his head. If he went to sleep now he’d get a good few hours before they hit the road to find Gabriel. “Samandriel please.” He said pleadingly. “I don’t want to argue, I just want to find Gabriel and have everything go back to normal.”
“God, they let you back here? Are they out of their minds?” Cas said as Meg pulled him into a crushing hug. It had felt like years, instead of months, since Cas had last seen his best friend.
"What's Sam talking about?" Dean asked, looking back and forth from Sam to Jess. “What the fuck did Michael do?”
“No, I’m going to just ‘leave it’ because you’re clearly upset about something,” Cas said trailing after Dean.
When Dean woke the next morning it was to the distinctive smell of waffles and the even more distinctive sound of Claire laughing. Letting out a small groan, Dean tried to move but found he was being held in place by the arms, and legs, of one very naked Cas Novak. Ah yes, how could he have forgotten about Cas’ obsession with wrapping himself around Dean like some kind of octopus?
“You ever feel like your whole family is plotting against you?” Dean asked, showing Cas the screen. “Those kids are seriously doing to be the death of us if they’ve roped Eileen, Sam and Gabriel into this.”
"Has it ever occurred to you that I can’t let you just run off because I actually do love you? Stop being an asshole and let me go, you’re hurting my damn arm." Dean snapped. “If you would just listen to me and stop being such an ass maybe you would get it into your thick head that I don’t want to lose you at all. You’re my best friend in this damn place and more importantly you’re my boyfriend, no matter how fucking annoying you are, and I’m not just going to let you give up again. Now let me go.”
"Yeah, he does. I guess he’s kinda nervous but he's got no reason to be though. He knows everything but even the best of residents can fail their boards sometimes.” Dean said. There was no chance of Cas failing though, he had been studying non-stop for weeks and weeks. “He’s going to fly through them though, he’s too much of a perfection striving genius to fail the boards.”
He told Mary everything in the end. From how he first met Cas to how they finally got together and all the worry Dean had felt once he’d realised that he was developing feelings for his resident. Mary listened intently throughout the whole story, offering sage advice here and there while she regularly made Dean fresh drinks.
“And I’ve said I’m not leaving again. I’m never going to leave you. Are you still scared?” He asked.
“The whole ‘divorcing Dean out the blue’ thing?” Dean offered. Anna pursed her lips. “This is a massive week for Jimmy, I’m not going to do anything to fuck it up. I’m his best man, it’s the best man’s job to make sure nothing goes wrong.”
“I can't tell you. It's not my secret to tell. For god sake! My brother loves you, Dean! Loves you! Do you have any idea how big a thing that is for him after everything he’s been through? He fell in love with you and for what?” she screamed from between Sam’s arms. “Let go of me Sam, I need to find Cas. Let me go!” she snapped, ripping Sam’s arms off her and hurrying down the stairs.
“Love you too dad.” The twins said in unison. Dean grinned at them as Cas also wished the twins goodnight and headed to their room.
Mary cocked an eyebrow while Dean stood expectantly, waiting to see if she would rise to the challenge. Mary entered the studio with a smile, one of the first smiles Cas had seen from her since arriving in Kansas and pulled out a pair of soft shoes from the cubby against the wall.
"Mom loves Cas." Dean pointed out. Mary did, she loved both the Novak twins. She'd always doted on Jimmy and now she accepted Cas easily, even with all his weirdness. Cas had a lot of weird qualities as well.
“I am happy.” Castiel said though he wasn’t sure if he believed his own words and by the looks of it neither did Jimmy. “Jimmy I’m
“Gabriel...tell me what happened.” Samandriel said as he closed his eyes to prepare himself for whatever Gabriel was about to say.
“Damn, we know how to pick them.” Josie said as Anna glided towards Castiel, her smile lighting up the whole screen. “Give me the stats Winchester!”
"Ruby Dawson-Masters?" Castiel asked Charlie. Charlie shrugged her shoulders and glanced back at Dean.
“Here’s hoping,” Cas said hoping that the attention would fall on someone else. Anything to stop everyone from looking at him.
“Ok…Cas.” Dean said, the name feeling new and strange on his tongue. Calling Castiel anything other than ‘Novak’ or ‘Sir’ was going to be difficult. Ok it wasn’t as Dean and the other interns had several unkind nicknames for the cardio surgeon but Castiel didn’t need to know that.
Dean stared down at his skin, his heart racing as he realised what he was seeing. Before he would have seen the deep black curling under his skin like smoke, his soul so darkened by his life that he could barely stand to look at it. Now instead of pitch black smoke there was the slightest of grey rippling under his skin like paint stained water. As he continued to stare the grey seemed to ripple with the palest of blue.
. Six more months of having to guide people over and tell them it would all be ok when Dean knew that to be complete bullshit.
“So basically you have a crush on her but you’re too much of a pussy to do anything about it?” Cas asked turning around to look at Sam.
"That's why I'm here," Charlie said grinning brightly. “Things with Cas will work out, I promise you. He’ll see how sorry you are soon enough.” She added positively and Dean really hoped she was right. “I better get back to work, I just thought you could do with a muffin.”
Once again green eyes flashed in Castiel’s mind and the nineteen-year-old man posing as a police officer came back into Castiel’s mind for the second time that day. Had it happened that night? A chance encounter between two people that could have become more? Had Castiel let it slip by all those years ago when he had let the man leave and not call?
didn’t have to TP her cabin. And ok, she maybe had gone too far when she, along with her cabin buddies, egged Jack’s whole cabin but sticking the two of them in isolation was going a bit far.
“No one can begrudge you for that.” Castiel said looking over at Dean with a smile. Dean found it impossible not to smile back. Maybe picking up Castiel was going to be one of Dean's better ideas in life.
“Oh I know that you’re doing this all for your little brother’s life, your precious brother’s life. It is the most important thing in the world to you and you’ll fight for it until the very end. Castiel Novak a dedicated family man even if his family or loved ones are constantly leaving or dying on him. Fearless to all Hell’s creatures, a ruthless killer and a ready-made little warrior.” With a sickening smirk the demon looked up, her red eyes meeting Castiel’s blue, and tilted her head. “You know I think you’ll fit in
She rammed her feet into a pair of sneakers, gave both Dean and Jo a scathing look and marched out the room.
“But her father died,” Sam said. “You were friends with her right? I mean you talked about her a few times and she’s in photos of you and Michael. You’ve gotta feel something about it man.”
Apart from Sam, the only person Dean really wanted to talk was his mother. As he walked around the quiet streets he called his parents’ house back in Lawrence.
“Ow, you’re such a jerk. I’m going to stay in California the next time I have some time.” Sam whined.
“I am sorry. How did you become in charge of a garrison? You said your leader built the cabin.” Dean was right, this was definitely going to be a long night.
Whenever anyone asked him what it was like, what it was like to die, he always reassured them that it was simply like falling asleep but those people were always strangers, people who hadn’t changed Dean’s life in the ways Castiel had. Dean couldn’t lie to him.
"Nothing, it's just easier sometimes sleeping at the hospital. I'm there for rounds first so I can get on the good cases which will help once I'm taking my intern exam." Dean said as the microwave pinged loudly telling him that his dinner was ready. "And since when did you talk to Jo?" he asked while plating his food up.
He looked over at Cas and gave him a small smile. He knew that Cas was thinking about their own wedding as well. It wasn’t that they were selfish, they both knew this was Jimmy’s big day, but so much had happened between them over the years that it was impossible to not think about their relationship. Cas returned the smile as Jimmy and Amelia spoke the words so many had spoken before.
“What? What’s going on that brain of yours?” Dean asked but he followed Cas’ direction and pulled into the nearest rest stop. Dean shot Cas a quizzical look. Cas leaned in close, his hand reaching up to cup Dean’s jaw, thumbs running gently across Dean’s cheek.
“Good thing you’re not on a date with one then, isn’t it?” Jess shot back before climbing out of the car and striding off towards the house.
"Yes Cas, I'm with you." Dean said and the way he said made it clear he wasn’t just talking about Castiel’s explanation.
“Crazy ‘bout you, Dean Winchester.” Cas shot back. Dean snorted loudly and laced his fingers through Cas’. The two of them walked slowly back to the apartment they shared, laughing as they went and occasionally stopping to exchange kisses. “Did you ever think we’d end up like this?”
The pool of heat in Dean's gut was threatening to engulf his whole body and make him admit something akin to feelings so instead of saying anything he pulled Cas into a wet kiss that left both of them gasping for air. Cas' hand slipped under the waistband of Dean underwear and with a swift pull, his underwear was pushed down to his knees. He kicked the fabric away until he was completely naked and actually gasping for Cas to touch him or taste him. His hips rolled as Cas' hand grazed his hips and dug into the flesh. A frantic gasp escaped his lips and he might have even let a moan. Cas caught his lips in a frantic and hungry kiss, biting down on the bottom lip but not hard enough to break the skin. Cas kissed a long line from Dean's lips to his jaw then up to the small space under his ear.
“Novak needs to take the mom into surgery. She has some cracked ribs which came up on the Lodox scan but then Novak did a cardio scan and it turns out one of the ribs splintered and nicked the heart. He has to repair the heart before permanent damage is done to it." Jo said in a low voice.
“Fuck…I’m going to college.” Castiel groaned raking his fingers through his hair. He was going to be going to college.
“Their kiss won’t end in divorce.” Anna quipped. Anna always knew the fastest way to piss Dean off and that was by mentioning the divorce. Cas glared over at Anna but let it slide because in that moment it wasn’t about them, it was all about Jimmy and Amelia.
“Bela I haven’t a freaking clue what you’re on about but I don’t have the hots for Novak. The guy is an asshole. And as for Michael…just tell him…just tell him you saw m and that I’m doing ok…it’s kind of weird texting him but I’m trying ok? I wanna still be friends with him. I haven’t moved on but we ain’t getting back together.”
"I don't know how to navigate myself through this. I haven't allowed myself to feel this way since I was at university and I'm finding myself at a loss here."
Without giving it another thought he took Dean's wrist, hurried across the ballroom and outside onto the terrace before crashing his lips to Dean's. He’d been dreaming about this for six months and finally, Dean was here.
"No, it cost me a fuckload of gas the last time." Dean quipped and both Sarah and Charlie's responses were heavy rolls of their eyes. "Come on, I learnt my lesson the last time, it took nearly two months for Cas to forgive me so I'm not about to fuck it all up again."
A surge of energy that Dean knew was coming from his grace ignited inside of him as he heard heavy boots against hard wooden flooring. A voice called for someone called Samandriel to run, hide and not ask any questions. Dean turned to the sound of the noise as a man ran into the room, gun in hand, and stopped once he saw the woman on the floor. He looked up over to Dean was a furious expression and as Dean’s eyes met the startling blue of the man’s he was taken back to that moment in the Pit when he pulled Castiel from Zachariah’s clutches. Castiel Novak.
Cas pulled out his phone to check in with Jo and Charlie when, with a jolt to his stomach, he saw a missed call from Dean. Walking across the balcony so he was out of earshot, Cas quickly dialled Dean's number.
“Thanks…” Cas said warily because even though he liked Inias, the boy was still friends with Hester. “Where are Hester and the others?”
“Are you saying that because I’ve come jogging with you?” Dean asked. Castiel chuckled loudly. It was one of the first times that Dean had seen him genuinely laugh. “What about you?”
“Yeah, well you look like you need it so don’t start bitching about it.” Dean said. Bela snorted, still managing to sound full of grace as she did so, but wrapped her arms around Dean and hugged him back. “You don’t have to be worried, Dr Novak knows what he’s doing.” Dean added.
“Fine. If that’s how it’s going to be.” Cas said turning around once again to look at Sam. “I might be in love with him still but Dean was the one who kissed me right before we met up with you.” He said sounding incredibly smug. “Tongues and everything.” He added while Sam looked scandalised. “We’re probably going to fuck by the end of the weekend.”
“You never told me that you were supposed to kill him.” Sam said accusingly. “You were supposed to kill him, not bring him to the only safe place we have on Earth” Sam warned.
“No, I was one of the only ones determined to get you outta there.” Dean said and Castiel fell silent again. Dean wasn't really sure if that was a good thing or not.
“Darling, so glad we caught before you fled,” Amy said with a smirk before kissing Cas on the cheek.
“Oh Jesus.” Dean muttered at the same as Cas. They both glanced at one another for a moment before Dean turned his attention back to Claire. “You. Car. Now.”
“She’s my best friend. She’s my best friend in the whole world. I remember her very first day. She practically flew into the studio, hair all over the place and wearing this beaten-up leather jacket. She wasn’t wearing regulation tights or anything. You could just
“Must be why my room looks like a shit storm.” Castiel said. Dean chuckled and shook his head at Castiel’s remark but didn’t say anything so Castiel took this opportunity to look round the room some more. A small bookcase next to Dean’s bed was full of books, graphic novels and ‘Making Of’ or ‘Art Of’ books from various films. Castiel also noticed several art books he had at home. The most well-read looking one was a book on the work of Da Vinci. As Castiel picked up the book he could feel several loose pages and noted how the spine had been broken over and over again. “Da Vinci?” he asked in surprise.
“You seem obsessed with bringing that up.” Cas said with a roll of his eyes. “I had a lot of friends that went to Yale School of Art and they were pretty liberal. I had never put a label on myself as a person, sexuality wise, and wanted to experiment. It helped me discover that it’s people I’m attracted to, not genders. If I find people attractive for their mind, personality and occasionally physical appearance. I don’t care if they identify as a man or a woman.” Cas said before taking a bite of food.
“That’s good man, Jo would eat you alive if you tried anything. You should have seen her pretty much body block this drunk guy in the ER the other night. The dude was twice the size of her and she took him without breaking a sweat. I think Adam was planning a proposal there and then.” Dean said with a snort.
“Fine…shit…I was born in Lawrence, Kansas and lived there until I was four. My…my mom died you see. She was killed by a demon and it burnt our house down.” Dean breathed in deeply as he remembered the smell of smoke. He glanced over to Castiel expecting him to look shocked at the mention of a demon but he just stared back and nodded, encouraging Dean on.
“No you shouldn't have but I don't want to start another fight, mainly because Anna and the others have told me that I shouldn't.” Dean said as he threw his clothes from earlier that day onto a nearby chair. “I guess we should actually try to talk now, without yelling.”
, we can’t all have biblical names.” Dean said. Cas looked at him with a surprised expression. “Yeah that’s right.” Dean said smugly. “I read. I know my shit.”
“The author has ten planned out," Dean said. “I’m hoping for more though, there’s a shit ton of questions that need answering,"
"You look as though you’ve been driving non-stop to get here, have you had any sleep at all?" Mary asked inspecting Dean's face closely before she pulled him into the house and all but dragged him into the kitchen.
was gutted, she was my girl." Dean said. "So as she and Tyler are saying goodbye they take their mics off."
“Talk? You come in here after nearly knocking the place down, knock out my friend and you want to talk. Who on earth do you think you are?" Castiel asked shaking his head.
Dean couldn’t think about Castiel right now. Yes, it was selfish as the only reason he was here was for Castiel but there was something inside of Dean that was blurring the lines that had been created all those years ago in Boston. It didn’t matter how much he forced himself to ignore it, those lines were still blurring. Dean had to think for himself for a moment even if it was completely self-centred.
“You have more tattoos?” Dean asked. Castiel nodded but didn’t elaborate. Dean arched an eyebrow but Castiel merely gave him a wicked looking grin.
“I am assuming that ‘sometimes’ means ‘most nights’.” Castiel said with a knowing look. “Clearly I was right by naming you Budweiser on the very first day even if it did incur your wrath.”
"Starting early aren't you son?" John asked. "Not that I'm complaining at all, it's good to see you working so hard."
“Good morning Mr Novak-Reeves.” Castiel’s assistant Hannah said sounding much too happy to be in the office on a Saturday morning.
“Castiel.” He said quickly correcting Dean. “Castiel. Did you know that no one calls me Cas apart from you? Everyone has only ever called me Castiel…apart from
"I don't know...I don't care what you say." Castiel lied and he expected Dean's face to fall but instead his face was full of steely determination that made Castiel knot his brow in surprise.
"So, dumb question but what made you want to become a dancer?" Dean asked after a few beats of silence.
“I’m sorry Sammy.” Dean said, sliding into the Impala, Cas sat in the passenger seat and looked like he was about to throw up.
Dean looked over towards Cas, hoping not to see a look of disappointment. A calm and openly friendly look greeted him but it was still slightly unsettling. He hoped that Cas would understand why he wasn’t able to really introduce him to his parents.
“Dean! What the fuck is taking you so long?” Sam yelled. Dean groaned loudly. His brother was such a pissy bitch.
Cas looked on in awe. Mary hadn’t danced for several years but she hadn’t lost the grace of a dancer. She still held herself like the prima ballerina she was.
“Jo you might wanna do this when there are fewer people here,” Adam said placing a hand on Jo’s arm.
“March? You’ve known about this since March?” Castiel asked. Anna bit her lip nervously but then shrugged her shoulders.
For the next hour, because the live finales were always far too fucking long, Dean watched as both Anna and Amelia talked about their love for Cas, them both getting ready to walk down to the lake where Cas would propose to one of them. Dean snorted at how fucked up this whole thing was as he poured himself another drink, draining the glass in one go.
“The one with the son?” Dean asked. That would surprise the fans of the show. From the reaction on social media when the cast was announced many liked Lisa. She was also one of Balthazar’s girls and Dean knew he would be pissed if one of his girls left first.
“Please, it might help in waking me up,” Cas said groggily. He pulled himself up off the couch and Dean winched when he heard several bones pop. “You weren’t joking when it came to that couch. It’s a menace on the joints.” Cas declared.
“I’ll grab us some drinks, wait here ok?” Dean said, squeezing Castiel on the arm in a reassuring way. Castiel watched him walk away, instantly losing him in the crowd.
“This lifestyle isn’t exactly legal most of the time and none of us can afford a criminal record. Plus the federal badges mean we can access crime scenes that citizens aren’t privy to, that helps with cases.” Castiel explained. “The credit cards help to back up the various identities.”
"I was having a Community marathon and Skyping my friend back in Kansas." Charlie said with a shrug. Well that proved that Castiel had indeed been right. "Now why were you sneaking out my brother's room?"
“Dean you did everything you could and if you hadn’t of tried to find a way to save I wouldn’t have found you like this, this wouldn’t have happened.” Castiel said moving ever so slightly so he could look up to Dean. “I was just beyond saving.”
Castiel stayed silent throughout the detention despite Dean trying to catch his eye every thirty seconds. His phone buzzed countless times with either text messages from Dean or Anna. In the end Castiel switched it off and stared out the window. As soon as they were free to go Castiel grabbed his bag and hurried out the room, jogging down the hallway and hoping he had enough change for the bus home.
“I don’t agree with her that much but I have to go with her seeing as she’s my ride.” Charlie said giving Dean an apologetic smile before she left the locker room.
“Go, I can do this by myself. We’re nearly got everything anyway.” Josie said. “Don’t get too wrecked, it’s an early start tomorrow.”
Without making any noise so Sam wouldn’t wake up, Dean grabbed his things and hurried out the front door of his small but homey apartment. As he walked towards his car he took his cell phone out of his back pocket to check the messages he hadn't read the night before. Several were from friends he had made in med school all wishing him good luck for the next day, there was one from his dad and another from his mother and finally one from an English cell phone number judging from the area code. He knew it was a douche bag move but he locked his phone before reading the message and shoved the phone back into his pocket. He just couldn't deal with that this early in the morning.
“Anna will be with them as well,” Cas added reassuringly. Dean still didn’t look convinced but he nodded. “Should we say good-”
“I didn’t hear any of it, I just heard you shouting and that’s all.” Dean said. “That was your brother right?” he then asked.
“Actually don’t answer that.” Cas said, giving up on finding a shirt and opening up his walk-in closest. Maybe he could just hide in there and leave the whole thing to Gabriel. Then again Gabriel lacked the emotional maturity to handle something like this. Maybe he could leave the whole thing up to Claire.
“Dean…Dean I did it…I passed my boards,” Cas said in a small voice, it was almost as if he couldn’t even believe what was going on. Dean was out of their bed before Cas could say anything else and took Cas’ face in his hands. He pressed his lips against Cas’ with a tender kiss, one hand slipping ever so to cup Cas’ jaw.
very hard for you. But the next time you storm a PTA meeting crusading for kale in the cafeteria or whatever it is you rich white kids complain about, ask them why they can’t get any books written by a black dude.”
"I'm not but when you're stuck between Mr Health Freak Sam Winchester and 'Don’t Eat That Damn Doughnut Dean, I'm On A Diet' Josie, you have to suck it up. She's always like it around this time of year, what with Emmys coming up." Dean said with a roll of his eyes. Last year Josie had actually tackled him to the ground so he wouldn’t eat a burrito in front of her.
The short slender girl stood in front of him without a weapon, at least a weapon Dean could see, and seemed to be almost shaking with fear. Her previously pristine outfit was covered in dry dirt and a dark red stain that looked suspiciously like dried blood. The religious cheerleader wanting a better life had certainly fallen far from the pyramid.
“Dean you walked out and drove clear across the country without telling anyone where you were going. You turned off your phone and wouldn’t let your brother tell Jo where you were. You disappeared on us all. How can I trust you not to do that again?” Cas asked. “How can I know you’re not going to leave me?”
“You have no idea," Cas said as he shook his head. “Come on, I need to shower then we can grab some food before we meet up with the others,"
you so,” Claire said almost smugly. “If you don’t listen to me then listen to Dr Model, he went to medical school after all.”
?" Dean asked in utter shock because the last thing Dean thought he’d hear was Jo referring to Adam as her boyfriend.
"Ok...what the fuck did I miss while I was Kansas?" Dean asked, staring around the table in bewilderment.
"You're really thinking about going aren't you?" Dean asked. Cas didn't say anything, he just chewed on his lower lip. "Shit...have you accepted the position?" Once again Cas didn’t say anything and continued to chew on his lower lip. “Cas have you accepted the position?”
"No it’s not my meds at all. Things…they're not fine but they're not bad, are you satisfied? Michael, Luke and Gabe were fighting again once Gabe came back home and it just pissed me the hell off. I couldn't get to sleep after that." Castiel explained. After Castiel had walked out of the dinner Michael had been in a foul mood but that mood had worsened when Gabriel didn't even come home until past eleven o'clock at night. Their argument had raged until the early hours of the morning and Castiel couldn’t drown them out despite trying to do so with the music spilling out his headphones being turned up to an incredibly high volume.
Naomi leant over and whispered something into Balthazar's ear while Dean walked back to Cas. Cas knew what she was thinking. Dean’s technique was completely different to what Naomi knew and loved but there was no denying Dean’s talent.
“And there was me thinking I’d get it all to myself this year," Cas said. “My roommate from last year, Jimmy Novak, left at the end of the summer," Cas explained to Dean.
“I’m sorry about walking out again after I said I wouldn’t…” Dean said feeling like utter shit because
"Not as important as this," Dean said, kissing along Cas' neck with more concentration than he's ever given anything.
book was pretty much dedicated to his cranky ‘the world is against me’ moments." Charlie added lightly. "How did Cas react when you finally got home?"
Technically Cas should have been friends with them, they were all from the same old New York families who ran in the same circles. Instead, Cas 'slummed' it with the likes of Meg Masters and Jo Harvelle. He knew it irritated the likes of Hester and Rachel.
“It’s fine Castiel, you know you’re welcome over here anytime you want.” Mary said as Castiel gave her a polite smile and hurried out the kitchen.
“I don’t believe you one tiny bit and I’m getting sick of having this conversation. Just grow a pair already and admit to him that you like him.” Anna said bluntly. “Now give me a hug before I feel like a complete bitch then for the sake of everyone please have a shower because it smells like you used vodka as a face wash.” Anna added. He rolled his but Castiel still hugged Anna goodbye because even if she was pissed off at him, and knew full well that Castiel would have kissed Dean the night before, she was still his best friend.
“Congratulations you’ve managed to find your way here even if you are two minutes late.” Novak said acerbically not even looking up from the files in front of him. “Pick up a phone number list, trauma protocol book and a pager. That pager is now your life force. If it goes off you answer the page right away. I don’t care if you’re asleep or skydiving, if the pager goes off you answer it or you’ll find yourself on scut duty for a month. No exceptions.” Ok correction, the guy was a giant jackass. “And whoever smells like a brewery did a piss poor job of showering this morning.” Dr Novak added shooting the five people stood in front of him a hard stare. Jo snorted loudly as Dean felt his face redden. Yeah, Dr Castiel Novak was a jackass and Dean was stuck with him for the next year…fan-freaking-tastic.
“I was actually being sincere; I guess the seductive powers of the sarcastic side of the force are just too strong for me to ignore.”
you scared the crap out of me!” the blonde snapped with a hoarse, sleep heavy voice. “What the hell are you doing skulking around in the dark?” she asked angrily flicking on the light switch and filling the hallway with light. The blonde Dean assumed was Jessica stood in front of him wearing just a pair of short pyjamas and a furious expression. “Who sneaks into an apartment in the middle of the damn night?
He would wake up after a few hours’ sleep, take his morning dose of medication, meet up with Anna, always with coffee from The Roadhouse, and they would drive to school just like always. That part of his routine would not change but it was once he got to school when things would start to change. Once there he’d socialise slightly with Charlie who he didn’t actually mind the company of unlike most people he knew.
"Awesome. My mom wanted me to stay until the New Year but I told her that I needed to rehearse. One day she’ll understand how demanding this whole dance world is.” Adam said.
Honestly seeing Cas wearing washing up gloves had been the highlight of Dean’s evening. He was tempted to take a photo.
"Oh, Lucky Charms." Dean said and Castiel shuddered. "Hey! Don't bad mouth the charms. They are the greatest edible thing created by man after apple pie." Dean said looking thoroughly affronted at Castiel distaste.
It was that small head shake that broke something inside of Dean. Only a few minutes ago Cas had been so proud of him and now he was looking at Dean like he was a small petulant child.
“You do that, I’m going to have a lovely catch up with Sam because he hasn’t done anything to irritate me.” Anna said shooting Sam a smile.
“Huh, that was our wedding song.” Cas said before walking back into his closet. “Wait.” He said, sticking his head out the door. “Does your father do that a lot? Not that I care, it’s just…I’m-”
Castiel eyes travelled down Dean’s face, stopping for a moment to look at the freckles littering Dean’s cheeks, until his focus was drawn to the smoke filtering out from between Dean’s lips and the way those lips were slightly curved up in a relaxed smile despite Castiel’s bitter comment. Everything about Dean Winchester seemed calm and above everything else; he practically radiated nonchalance and maybe that was why Castiel was so reluctant to get closer to Dena despite the pull he felt deep inside his chest whenever he was around Dean. Dean was so self-effacing, the polar opposite from the complex emotions constantly running through Castiel, and it was so refreshing and yet terrifying at the same time because someone so humble couldn’t be around someone as tempestuous as Castiel without being hurt in far too many ways. That was just one of the endless problems with having the constant thoughts that Castiel owned. Those drowning thoughts of despondency; being close to a person was always a danger because you could easily make them drown alongside you and that was the last thing Castiel wanted for Dean. Dean didn’t deserve to drown at all.
“She has a point; he knows that a lot of pain would come his way if anything happened to that car.” Samandriel intoned.
Dean's snark directed at the London train system is 100% justified. I was once on a train that was delayed for 45 minutes because of
“Ugh.” He coughed out. Real smooth Winchester. “Thanks for that Cas.” He managed to stutter out. Actually, stutter. He was never telling Sam any of this because his brother might send himself to an early grave from laughing so hard.
“Thank you” Dean groaned out sleepily. “Man I see what you mean about my couch, yours is like a freaking cloud.” He added as he stretched out.
“Um...yeah Krissy Chambers has woken up and paediatrics is asking if you can do a quick follow up to make sure everything is ok,” Dean said remembering why he actually sort out Cas in the first place.
“After that, we’ve got our whole lives together.” Cas said, his voice ringing with sincerity. Dean smiled at his husband and dragged him into the bathroom. They shared a steamy shower, swapping soapy kisses and blowjobs with Dean marveling his husband’s body. He was still getting used to the idea that he would be spending his life with Cas, spending his life with this beautiful man whom he loved so much.
“Trying to have sex with my brother is not ‘getting ready’” Anna said. “You two have the weirdest relationship ever. I don’t know if I prefer you two yelling at each other.”
“It’s not so shitty.” Dean said before thinking. Josie’s eyebrows raised in surprise. “I mean, it’s shitty but not as shitty as I thought it was going to be.” Dean said hastily. Before Josie could say anything else the door to the control room opened. Sam, Jess, Adam and Charlie all came barrelling in.
"Dean I'm fi-" he tried to say but Dean was suddenly kissing him again but with what almost felt like anger this time. It was clear that this kiss was to shut him up.
“Fucking hell.” Dean said. He’d been on the JV football team in high school but that was it. How the fuck did Cas have time to do all that and get into Yale? “When did you have time to sleep?” Dean asked. Sure he had worked hard to get into college but clearly not as hard as Cas.
“Don’t ever change Dean Winchester.” Castiel said, resting his forehead against Dean’s as they swayed in time to the music.
“I’m glad you’ve finally come to that decision.” Cas said. "Dean got into NYU." He said after a beat. Jess just looked at him and smiled knowingly, as if she just knew what Cas was thinking about.
"Probably, I'm not a rabbit." Dean shot back. Josie just rolled her eyes and drained the last of her coffee.
“Try not to move too much, you might mess up your wires,” Dean said moving Krissy’s pillows for her. “Did Dr Novak come and talk to you about the surgery you need?”
A flash of red hair came from the side as a knife was swiftly held against Dean's throat. Without even thinking Dean twisted the woman's wrist round behind her back and placed two fingers against the woman's pale forehead. She fell to the floor, the demon knife in her hand clattering to the floor. Dean looked down at the ornate blade and smiled for a moment at the thought that the Novaks were experienced enough hunters to not only know of the demon blade but have one in their possession.
Dean sliced along Zachariah's shoulder ignoring the agonised screams coming from Zachariah's mouth. "I said
By the time they got to Zachariah's house, the party was in full swing. Dean parked the Impala slightly down the road, ignoring Jess’ protests that she couldn’t walk far in her heels.
“He started it!” Cas said sounding like a small child. Dean actually pulled his eyes away from the road for a second to stare at Cas. He was a fully grown man. A fully grown man with stubble, thick muscles and tattoos yet he was, fucking sounding like a petulant four-year-old.
“Yeah...we’re sure. Camael killed them with his own hands. We saw it happen.” Adam said. Dean looked up and saw Sam's face had turned almost ghostly pale. “According to Raphael they were the main traitors and he ordered Camael to kill them.”
“Right, let us grab some stuff then we’re coming with you," Bela said to Cas. He instantly shook his head.
“Yes because every family needs the hard-core nerd.” Castiel said finding himself smirking. Charlie laughed loudly and threw a handful of popcorn at Castiel as she shook her head.
Castiel. Shock of my life when I did meet him, I mean I knew they twins but not almost completely identical. Back then they were easier to tell apart though. Castiel had this whole ‘struggling artist’ look going on.”
“Dean Winchester is joining us from The Royal Ballet School in London and I hope you all give him a warm welcome,”
"Oh please call me Amy, Meg and the others certainly don't call me Mrs Milton," Amy said with a laugh. "Richard!" She called back into the house. "The kids are here with Dean Winchester. Meg and Ruby are here too."
“Are nothing but people that know each other.” Castiel said too quickly. He could tell that he’d said it far too quickly just by the look on Anna’s face.
“Gabriel are you there?” He said when he realised that Gabriel had yet to speak. “Gabriel?” He pressed. This was not good. Something had to have happened. “Gabriel say something.”
“If any harm comes to that car then you are going to buy me a new one.” Anna snapped pointing a finger at Dean's chest menacingly.
“I’m here for your soul Dean, I’m here for you.” She pressed. Dean recoiled in horror as Tessa’s words sunk in. This was it…he was…he was dead and stuck ‘in between’. How could he have fucked up this badly? How could he leave Sam and his father?
“I hate that fucking speech.” Anna muttered shaking her head. “You’re an idiot.” She added with a snap. “You’re a fucking idiot.”
“You don’t have to tell me that twice,” Dean muttered. Jo grinned smugly, showing a mouthful of damn cookie. “Very attractive Harvelle.”
Dean smirked at the memory of that evening, well what he remembered from it anyway. Michael had actually carried/dragged him to the car and Dean had woken up with one of the worst hangovers of his life. Sam left the room and returned a minute later with a pair of sweat pants and a t-shirt.
"Oh believe me, Anna is not the person I'm angry with at this moment." Castiel said through gritted teeth. “Fucking hell…” he groaned running his fingers through his hair furiously
“That’s genius,” Dean said with a smile. “We can just stay here and not bother with trying to find cabs and shit to go around the city.”
“Yeah, I can see why you needed the bat now. Sorry I interrupted you passing out on the couch or whatever you were doing.”
In all honesty, John Winchester intimidated him. He was a powerful-looking man. Cas might have rubbed shoulders with the most important and powerful people in the ballet world but he doubted that would impress John Winchester. Before Cas could say anything else Anna appeared at his side, her deep green dress suiting her pale skin and red hair perfectly.
The main part of the apartment was full of people, a mix of friends and family and co-workers from John Hopkins, and that meant one thing; Dean needed to find a drink, not made by Joanna Beth Harvelle, and his friends before he was forced to make small talk with people.
He wondered about the people caught in the sudden downpour of rain. There would be so many different kinds of people all brought together by their sense of desperation over either finding that elusive umbrella they could have sworn they’d brought with them or discovering a nearby coffee shop to shelter in. Businessmen, shoppers, tourists and people simply walking for the sake of walking would all be hurrying through the rain-soaked streets in search of somewhere dry. Castiel wasn’t sure why but it made him sad that he wasn’t down there, he honestly would have rather been running through the rain than sat in a dry board room pretending to listen to a dull conversation while he drank yet another cup of coffee.
“Ever smoked before?” Dean asked with a voice heavily draped in scepticism. Maybe the college student Dean met in Boston would have smoked but the clean cut man in front of him really didn’t look like much of a smoker.
Cas sighed. He would always be grateful for his family but sometimes he wished that there was less drama surrounding them. While Inias was talking Dean’s phone beeped with a message.
Fergus Crowley had been a famed surgeon in England before he moved over to America and became Chief of Surgery in Chicago and even after being in America for over ten years, his accent was still strong.
Maybe Bela was right all along, though Dean would never tell her so. Maybe Dean was moving on with his life.
“At least they’re going to see me on stage. Have fun watching the show from the wings," Hester snapped back glaring over at Meg. There was no lie that Hester and Meg had never liked each other. It had only gotten worse over the years.
“Fucking hell Jess!” Michael groaned as he grabbed at his crotch. “So I paid Trailer Trash to take out your brother, did you really need to do that?”
“Jo you look…you look really good,” Dean said smirking when Jo blushed furiously. “I mean it, you look good. Adam’s not going to be able to string a sentence together.”
did they do to Charlie? Where is she?" Dean asked looking around the room as if to find Charlie. The blind panic in his eyes made Castiel’s heart actually ache because Dean was such a damn good brother it was unreal.
They moved together, dancing and ducking from swords for over half an hour until sweat was pouring off them. Dean gave up on wearing a t-shirt entirely. He peeled it off his sweating chest and threw it to the corner. Cas tried not to stare. He really did try. It wasn't easy. Dean's skin glistened and every muscle was perfectly toned from a lifetime of dancing. His occult looking tattoo was stark against the freckled skin of his chest.
"Please, give me some fucking credit Dean Winchester. Like I could have fucked an ass better than yours." Cas said. There it was, the famous dirty Cas mouth. "No, I think I left because I was scared. I heard what you said to your father then I thought about it, I realised that the last crazy thing I had done had been marrying you in Vegas. That had been two years before. Two years. It shook me up. I panicked."
"Take me to bed Cas." Dean said, his voice wreaked with desire. A gasp escaped his lips when Cas gripped onto his thighs, expertly lifting Dean so he could wrap his thighs around Cas' waist.
“No thank you, I’m ok.” Castiel said politely and he couldn’t help but smile when Mary gave him a warm grin.
“You fuckers, I wish I could go.” Jo whinged. During the summer Jo was going back home to help out at her mother’s bar. Whenever Jimmy or Dean brought up the trip she would get pissy.
“Come on then, there’s somewhere I want to show you.” Castiel said as he led Dean over to a sleek black car. Dean let out a low whistle.
“Anna I don’t like Dean like that, I don’t even like him in anyway.” Castiel said quickly looking away.
"Very much so." Castiel said trying to sound convincing though by the look on Charlie’s face she really didn’t believe him. Castiel really wished that people would stop looking at him like that. Instead of saying anything Charlie just threw several pieces of popcorn into her mouth and settled herself down back into the couch
“Jimmy, pass your brother the coffee pot and if anyone else interrupts my reading the news I will be most put out.” Naomi said, still not tearing her eyes away from her paper. Jimmy gave his mother an exasperated look but passed over the half-full coffee pot.
“Jess, just go on your date and be grateful that dad is letting you go, ok? Please, just leave me alone. I’ve got work to do.” Cas said with a sigh.
“I know, it’s sometimes a problem,” Charlie said smiling weakly. “Thanks for cheering me up…I know Jo, Sarah and I have given you grief over the past few weeks but you’re a good guy and I won’t tell them what you told me.”
He had been dreaming about this since he decided that he wanted to become a surgeon. He’d been dreaming about stepping foot into an operating room as an actual doctor, scrubbed in and ready to witness a lifesaving procedure. True he wasn’t actually going to be cutting into anyone but just the thought of being in an operating room was enough to fill him with a sense of wondrous joy. Yes, the hours were going to be brutal, there was a strong possibility that his resident might kill him and Dean was sure he’d screw this up in some shape or form but right then he wasn’t thinking about that. All he was thinking about was the lifesaving surgery about to take place.
in the mood to piss about right now.” Luke snapped before walking out the kitchen without so much as a look back towards Castiel.
“Ok, let’s get this show back on the road. Cue limo!” Josie yelled into her mic. The limo housing Dean’s girls drove up the driveway. It came to a stop not far away from Castiel, who still looked incredibly nervous. “This is opening night! Let’s give them fantasy, love and…I don’t know, a glitter unicorn and magical fucking vaginas.”
.” Adam said firmly. “She’s our family Sam! She’s our family and not just in the bullshit angelic terms either. She fought alongside us for several millennia. She mourned with us during every heartbreak we had to go through. Who gives a
"You know what I mean. Charlie is…well she wears Doctor Who sweaters and looks like she’d happily live at Comic Con whereas the detention crowd...well they seem more like your kind of people even if I don’t like it" Anna said with a slight smirk. "Hey I'm not saying it’s a bad thing that you’re friends with Charlie, she seems nice enough-"
“Since when has he been ‘Cas’?” Charlie asked smiling through her tears. “Sorry, I won’t mock your friendship.” She added quickly.
He did have a point there. The school thrived on gossip and drama, the senior class were already talking non-stop about Dean.
“I didn’t have much of a choice Castiel!" Anna yelled, her face growing red with anger. "Gabe went missing and you were
“Because we're friends and I care about you,” Dean said. He'd definitely drunk too many beers as he'd clearly lost the filter between his brain and his mouth either that or he no longer cared about what he said.
“Did he tell you his name?” Castiel asked as he wondered who on earth would want to speak right now. Everyone who worked for Castiel’s father, well technically now it was Castiel, was at the party thanks to Naomi.
Castiel watched with captivation as Dean added a slight amount of shading to the mug and the concentration in his face reminded Castiel of the zone in his own head that he went to when sketching. Dean’s brow was furrowed and he even began to chew on his lip as he squinted his eyes clearly looking for an imperfection even though there wasn’t one, the sketch was perfect.
“No, the point is that you’re trying to get into Novak’s pants,” Jo said gleefully. Dean glared over at her but didn’t say anything because no matter what he said Jo wouldn’t listen to him. “Sam you can keep watch tonight, if your brother tries to lure me up to the roof you can tackle him to the ground.”
“Shush and just drink your tea.” Amelia said. Jimmy sighed and went back to drinking what smelt like peppermint tea.
The Novak family had many, varied and sometimes not exactly moral, talents. Subtly was not one of them. As soon as Castiel walked through the back door, his running shoes caked in mud from his run, and into the kitchen on a Saturday morning he knew something was up. For starters his father was sat at the table eating breakfast which was a miracle in itself as their father was never around on Saturdays. Secondly both Michael and Luke were sat at the table and they weren’t fighting. The final thing that proved something was up was that Gabriel was smiling broadly and handed Castiel a full mug of coffee as soon as he kicked off his running shoes. A pool of fear settled in Castiel stomach because something had to be wrong, it was his family after all and something was always wrong.
“Oh suck on it Winchester,” Bela said snippily. "Cas, can't you work some of your Milton nepotism charms and have your mum call Balthazar?"
“I don’t think either of us are trying hard enough. I know I should be thinking about how to save myself but my head is just caught up in things that happened years ago or things that just don’t matter.” Castiel explained. A faint flicker of green shimmied under Cas’ skin along with the pale grey but Dean wasn’t sure what it meant.
instead of the version on TV ‘to get the full experience’, to Castiel when the front door banged loudly and a small red-headed girl waltzed into the sitting room before throwing her full looking messenger bag to the floor.
"Oh you're here!" Jimmy called as he burst through the doors. "I couldn't find my keys then got stuck in traffic. Everything ok?" Jimmy asked looking between Cas and Dean.
“Yeah he picked me up from the comic book store and everything!” Charlie called throwing Dean a smirk of her own.
"You're infuriating Dean Winchester," Cas said placing a kiss on Dean's shoulder. "What on earth do I see in you?"
“You really haven’t changed at all.” Dean said shaking his head. “I’m going to get dressed and find Jimmy.” He said. Cas huffed loudly. “What?”
“Dean you can’t do this. This has been your life for eight years and you’re just throwing it all away for someone you just met?” Sam asked. “No offense Cas, I think you’re a good guy but-”
“I can tell.” Jessica said with a smug smile. “Cas...can I ask...were you ever going to tell anyone about Michael? Would you have told me?”
"Do you want to go back to the house?" Castiel asked. "Because if not then there's one stop I want to make."
! This is a dance class, not a stud show!" Gabriel called out. “One last go at the adagio then I’ll throw you to the wolves," Gabriel added.
“Sitting on the couch?” Dean offered. Cas continued to frown. “You mean here as in my apartment or here as in our relationship?” He asked.
"Um...yeah...yeah I have,” Dean said feeling heat run up his neck. “I didn't realise it when I saw Bela but now...yeah I've met someone."
“When I woke up it was the name I heard.” Castiel said cagily though he hoped the Dean did not pick up on that. The full truth wouldn’t make sense.
“The chocolate is questionable but the caramel rocks,” Dean said. He’d seen Jo eat enough of those damn pudding cups since he started working at the hospital to know more about pudding than he wanted to. “You do realise that you could go into surgery anytime soon and so you’re not allowed solid food?”
Warily, though Dean wasn't really sure why, Castiel walked slowly up the walkway until he was stood behind Dean. Moments before Dean had lit a cigarette and the smoke lazily curled upwards and the familiar smell filled his nostrils.
“It is possible to have a friend that's a girl Dean,” Sam said with a heavy roll of his eyes. Why was it that everyone close to Dean felt the need to roll their eyes at him?
John seemed to accept this, even if he did frown for a moment, but from the look Mary gave him Dean knew that he wasn’t fooling his mother at all. He would have to get her on her own before they left and explain something…anything.
“I have no idea.” Cas said with a laugh. “That night, when everything went to hell, I wanted us to just go to New York and do whatever we wanted. I’m hoping that’s what you still want.”
Anna rolled her eyes and clambered out of the car, swiftly followed by Ruby. Meg shot Cas a wink before following them.
“Oh shit, it's not just sex is it?" Jimmy asked when he looked at Dean's flushed face. "If it was you would have told me. God,
His night had been one of restless sleep. After just a week he had grown used to sleeping next to someone once again, he had grown so used to that warmth that the other person radiated and the way that Cas’ arms held onto him so tightly almost as if the man was terrified of waking up and seeing that Dean wasn’t there. Sleeping alone in his own bed for the first time since he had started seeing Cas caused Dean to find it almost impossible to drift off to sleep for several hours. He just knew the day was going to be one filled with endless cups of coffee.
“You’re a real softy, you know that?” Jo said. “I wouldn’t have pegged you for the mother hen type.” She added with a smirk. There was a question in her eyes, probably asking what made Dean like this but he wasn’t going to get into it with someone he’d only known for a few hours. “Come on, we better hurry up before Novak scalpels us.” Jo said shrugging her shoulders as they finished scrubbing in. With a hesitant sigh, Dean waited for the door that led into the OR to open.
“That sounds really good to me Charlie.” Castiel said and the smile that Charlie gave him could have brought freaking dead puppies back to life as it was that bright. “What time would you want me round?”
“Oh fucking hell. Will you just cut the bullshit already? There is something going on and I want to know what it is because I really did think we were friends until you went back to treating me like I was fucking invisible half the time. I really don’t get how you can treat people like this and not have it affect you.”
Being alone was never an option but the unbearable sting of loneliness hung over every marred soul like a ghost slowly tearing away at the flesh and the soul until both were left raw and ruined.
“Dean I’m your mother, this is what mothers are here for,” Mary said fondly. “I just wish you had told me sooner about Castiel, he seemed lovely when your father and I met him.”
“I would if I knew but I don’t, Josie Sands hasn’t told me who it is yet. I might not even know until all the interns know.” Cas said.
“A lot of people on this show have very generic names.” Cas said. Several interns snorted. They were probably remembering the Year of The Britney’s.
The first rehearsal for Romeo and Juliet was brutal. Even the basic parts of the choreography seemed demanding and complex. The cast had barely got through the warm-up before Charlie looked ready to pass out. Thankfully, Jo swiftly grabbed her water bottle and was on hand before she crashed to the floor. Cas’ feet burned as Gabriel worked them through the first scene. Sweat clung to his vest and he was half tempted to throw something at Gabriel’s head. Still, the feeling of really being back at the academy was like a drug. Ballet was his whole life and a contract with ABT was worth all the pain.
Friday nights for Castiel were usually spent doing whatever he could do to feel…something, anything. Meg Masters’ parties were always a good distraction from whatever was going on in Castiel’s life at the time. Castiel was about to tell Charlie that he would probably be busy when he saw the hopeful look in her eyes.
quotes and the perpetual sense of freedom. It was almost ironically funny seeing as how Dean had only just been thinking about that rain-soaked evening nearly ten years before.
“I just…I woke up this morning and I wanted to paint. I didn’t care about going into the office or answering calls, emails and text messages…I just wanted to paint.” Castiel explained as he moved towards the canvas. “I can’t seem to think of anything to do so I can prove I deserve to live…I can’t…I just can’t anymore.”
"Fuck... you're really serious about this aren't you? Like it's not just some drunk thing that you two are regretting?" Dean really looked at Cas. Yes, he was scruffy and blunt, he said things he probably shouldn’t and he had more tattoos than his parents would ever deem acceptable. Dean loved him though, he really loved him.
Slowly, as the job of being a reaper consumed him, Dean began to forget that cold and rain soaked evening until he had been thrown back into Castiel’s world with the worst news anyone could receive. Because at the end of the day that was why Dean was here. Yes he was trying to prove to Tessa that Castiel deserved to live but if he couldn’t then Castiel was going to die. Dean was going to have to take his bright, bright soul from this world.
“Excuse me but you can’t go in there!” Hannah snapped from her desk outside of Castiel’s office. Both Dean and Castiel looked up as they heard Hannah’s chair being hastily pushed out from under her desk. “He’s in a meeting right now and doesn’t want to be disturbed!” She added frantically. “I said you can’t go in there!”
Castiel barely spoke to Dean all week though that was quite difficult as they sat next to one another in art. At several points during the week it had been clear that Dean had tried to talk to him but Castiel kept his earphones in his ears and had his music up as loud as it could go. After some of the drunken memories from Meg’s party returned to him Castiel found it nearly impossible even look at Dean without remembering some of the more embarrassing things he said or his face reddening. If there was ever a reason for him to quit getting drunk then those drunken rambles would have been very good examples.
“I look forward to it Dean, thank you,” Castiel said and damn if Dean didn’t spend the whole time thinking about Cas’ smile when he was signing charts.
“At least this isn’t your whole world.” Dean said as they made their way over to the large staging area set up for the ceremony. On a table, there lay fourteen roses. All the contestants were arranged on a raised area.
“I don’t think that.” Cas finally said after a few moments of silence. “I’m ready for everything to go back to how it was before.”
“Wow, you really have issues with your family don’t you?” Dean asked raising his eyebrows. Castiel just shrugged his shoulders and turned to head off towards English. Castiel’s issues with his family could have been logged down in a book that would rival the Bible on conflicting issues, preachy summons and a guy called Michael being a douche. To be honest it would be the kind of book that Oprah would love for truly terrible reasons.
"Mary, stop crushing the poor boy, he can't operate with a collapsed lung," John said from where he was stood next to Mary. Mary let go for Dean, somewhat reluctantly, as Dean looked over towards his father. "It’s good to see you, son," John said pulling Dean into another hug which was thankfully less bone-crushing than Mary's.
The halls of the Novak-Reeves mansion were endless. How Castiel and Jimmy didn’t get lost as children was completely beyond Dean as he walked down a hallway not really sure whereabouts he was going.
Mary convinced Dean to stay for a while, though he really didn’t need much convincing, and after Dean had taken a well-needed nap slowly they worked out what Dean could say to make it to Castiel. Just like Sam, it was clear that Mary thought Dean just needed to man up and go back to Chicago. He needed to hash everything out with Cas and apologise for walking out before the situation because even worse than it already was.
“Gabe we don’t have much time.” Castiel said hastily as he helped Gabriel up. “Can you stand?” he asked as Gabriel winced again.
"Because knowing what to do if a pancreas ruptures doesn't mean I know how the fuck Skype works." Dean shot back feeling like that was a small victory.
“Dude, you’re gonna be told what to do a lot of the time. If you don’t want to do it then simply don’t do it.” Dean said. It would piss Josie off so much but Dean was willing to say anything if it meant Castiel staying on the show.
"Do not tell mom or Arthur." Dean as Sam raised his beer bottle to his lips. Sam gave him a wary look as he lowered the bottle.
Dean shot Cas a smirk then nudged him. Balthazar was walking into the centre of the room and clearing his throat loudly. The room fell silent almost instantly.
“I could put my shirt back on and go to find something to do that doesn’t involve taking any item of your clothing off,” Dean said while Cas continued to chuckle.
"Just Gabriel, Anna, Balthazar and Hannah. Gabriel splits his time between New York and LA. Anna lives in London. She works at the V&A museum. Balthazar is travelling the world and sends amusing postcards every other week. Hannah is still back home in Belfast but she's planning on moving to London soon."
"Well, thank fuck that's over with." Josie said as she held up her glass. "To a surprisingly hot date in a library." She toasted.
"Jess got me into drinking them, there’s this little coffee shop not far from her place that does about twenty different kinds of tea and it’s pretty damn great.”
“Novak went with the ICD and he got us to scrub in! My second shift and I’ve seen two heart surgeries! Two!” Jo said grinning from ear to ear. “He totally went with the idea and he let us scrub in!”
“Yeah, you’re more likely to hear The Clash in here than Tchaikovsky," Cas said. Gabriel was notorious for playing warm-up music far too loud. It would irritate Naomi to no end as it could be heard from the other studio. “When he’s in a really good mood he’ll bring out the Led Zeppelin," Cas added. Dean looked like he was about to pass out with excitement.
Huge thanks to all the love this fic has been given over the past week, especially for the Ballet Fam. I love writing them so I'm so glad you all like them. As always, huge amounts of love to my wonderful beta Cilla for all the editing work she does.
“What is it Castiel?” Luke snapped sitting up. Castiel gave him an affronted look and made to turn around and walk away because he wasn’t going to stand there and be snap at when Luke groaned. “Castiel don’t walk off, I’m sorry ok?” Luke sighed. “It’s just…Dad’s fucked me over again and no doubt Michael-”
“Why don’t you go and grab a drink? Talk to a few more girls.” Dean pressed Castiel. He looked like he would rather be fed to the wolves but he nodded. Dean watched as he made his way across the patio and picked up a glass of champagne. Almost instantly one of Balthazar’s girls, a woman called April, pounced on him. Dean counted to thirty then deliberately caught Ruby’s eye. He motioned over to Castiel. Ruby gave him a nod, knocked back the rest of her drink and marched over to where Castiel and April were stood.
“You can’t go in there!” An RA shouted. “This is the girl’s floor! It’s past curfew! None of you should be here!”
“You paid Dean?” Jessica yelled. Wait, if Jessica didn’t know that then why had she kicked Michael in the balls? “Oh my god, you’re an even bigger asshole than I thought!” Jessica then yelled, kneeing Michael once again and punching him in the face for good measure. “I
“Good, you can’t wreck a 1966 Buick Rivera Boattail without getting an ass kicking.” Dean said rubbing the side of his head where it had hit the glass from Anna’s sudden braking of the car. “If you’ve made me bruise Red then I’m gonna be pissed.” Both Castiel and Samandriel turned to stare at Dean in surprise. “What? I’m like a million years old; I know one or twenty things about cars and that car is a beaut.” Dean added by way of explanation much to Castiel’s surprise.
He’d thought about it at night when they exchanged tired but heated kisses. Dean’s hands roaming over the planes of Cas’ body, unravelling him and making him feel like they were the only two people in the whole damn world.
to me for a minute. Please.” Cas begged as he grabbed hold of Dean’s arm. “I told them that I couldn't leave here without knowing I was doing it for all the right reasons. There is a job opening for a first-year resident, mainly focusing in cardio with the option to work on a groundbreaking cardio research program, the program I would be heading up."
“Yeah, I’ll speak to you soon mom.” Dean said before giving Mary his love and hanging up. Speaking to his mother had made Dean feel slightly better but he still couldn't shake that horrible aching feeling in his chest whenever he thought about Cas.
“Because it’s late and you can’t drive throughout the night when you’ve been driving all day.” Cas said.
"Cas I told you, I don't care that you're broken. All I care about is that you're here, I care that you're not pushing me away." Dean said gripping onto the sides of Castiel's face and bringing their foreheads together. "There will always be a part of you that is flawed but I love that part about you, I love every single part of you that is broken or scarred because those parts make you 'you'. Please don't give up on us because I don't know how I would cope if I lost you."
After Dr Sands congratulated him and the patient was taken into recovery Dean scrubbed out and hurried out the OR to find Cas. He was rounding the corner of a corridor when he nearly bumped straight into Ruby of all people. Dean would have apologised but it was Ruby after all.
“Don’t give us that shit, we already know you’re both naked.” Came Sam’s voice. “Jimmy texted Anna about his emotional scarring.”
“No, if it had been the Impala then I would have thrown her fucking body into Camden Lock. It was still my 1975 Jensen-Healey," Dean said but he still sounded mad. Cas had zero idea of what that meant.
“Danyael.” He whispered as the name came flooding back to him. It had been there like fog in his brain for days but now it crashed against his skull like a fierce wave. Zachariah had called Dean by that name, Castiel was only remembering that now, so the name had to mean something.
“It disgusts me that I now know you call my twin brother ‘babe’” Jimmy said, sounding pretty nauseous.
"Good 'cause I hate it when interns give me shit," Benny said. "But you and Novak...there’s somethin' going on between you two isn’t there?" He asked
By the time the meal was over Dean could tell that Cas was desperate to talk to him. Jimmy and Amelia whirled their way through their first dance. Dean knew that Jimmy, who had been born with two left feet, had spent the last six weeks taking dance lessons so he didn’t fall flat on his face. Amelia’s smile was so wide Dean was amazed her face wasn’t in pain. Dean whirled around the dance floor with Anna, Jo, and Jessica. Amelia cried through the dance with her father while Jimmy barely managed to keep up with his mother. Finally, once all the fuss had started to die down and a slow song came on, Cas found Dean and dragged him onto the dance floor.
Claire?” He asked the girl. She nodded her head, suddenly looking nervous and Cas’ heart just gave out completely. He’d last seen his daughter when she was barely six months old and now here she was. All grown up in beat up boots and a flannel shirt that looked like it was really Dean’s. “Oh my god.” Cas said, pulling Claire in for a tight hug.
“You value your parent’s opinion a lot, don’t know?” he asked and Dean knew instantly what he was getting at. Cas hadn’t missed how Dean had skirted around introducing him to both John and Mary.
“I suppose not.” Castiel said. “I never really did though. I mean, I was friendly with my fellow interns but we could never be classed as friends.”
“Plus this way I get to fuck a board certified cardiothoracic surgeon,” Dean said with a smirk. Cas’ reply was a heavy roll of his eyes and Dean couldn’t help but laugh as he led Cas back towards their bed. “Come on, it’s getting late and we both have work tomorrow morning.”
“What?” Dean asked as his stomach dropped at the mention of Jo’s name. There had been a time when Zophiel and Jo had been close but that had been before…before everything.
"Excuse me but the ratio of cereal to marshmallows requires complex precision." Castiel said while Dean chuckled devilishly into his neck. “I might find them the perversion of the cereal world but I’m not about to fuck up the science that is the perfect bowl of Lucky Charms.” He added causing Dean to chuckle again, planting a small kiss on Castiel’s bare shoulder as he did so.
“She did. That asshat Crowley brought him back.” Dean said. “Josie is sorting it out though. I won’t have to see him again.”
“Terrified, this is probably the craziest thing I’ve ever done in my life.” Dean said with a laugh. “Probably not for you, Mr College Orgies.”
“Implantable cardioverter-defibrillator. I remember reading about them back in med school. Has Novak thought about it?”
“I get that this is a hard time for you but I have a question for you,” Jo said as she grabbed a beer for herself. “How stupid
? The resident Jo jokes about you...” Sam trailed off and let out a frustrated groan as the most comical look of realisation came across Sam’s face. “Oh shit Dean, you didn't, did you?” he asked.
Dean had barely got his keys in the lock of the apartment door before it was ripped open and Dean came face to face with blue eyes ablaze with utter fury. The whole drive back to Chicago had been leading up to this moment but now that he was here Dean wanted to be back in Kanas or California.
“It means a lot that you’re all here.” Mary said “You know, together as a family. I know we’ve had our...well…”
“Got the wine!” Gabriel said, strolling back into the kitchen holding two bottles of red wine. “Where’s Thing One and Thing Two.”
“A spare cigarette.” Hot Sweary Priest said as he walked over towards Dean. He hadn’t even realised that his first move had been to light a cigarette. No doubt Arthur would say something about that.
“Fine.” Castiel said. Dean slowly walked over and sat down on the rock, right next to Castiel. “Want one?” Castiel asked holding out a crumpled packet of cigarettes. “I rarely ever smoke but this seemed like an appropriate time.”
Dean groaned as he told Sam about John and Mary’s visit, about how he wasn’t able to introduce Cas to them as his boyfriend and how it had hurt Cas’ feelings. Sam listened intently as he made Dean another drink, after all, they’d both been raised by Mary who had the assumption that the world’s problems could be solved with hot drinks and soothing words.
She was probably going overboard seeing as she wasn’t the one who was going to be in the OR with Castiel and several very sharp medical instruments.
“Well yeah, I’d like to meet someone,” Dean said looking away from Cas because if he didn’t then he knew he’d blush bright red. “I guess if it happens then it happens.” He added with a shrug.
Sam was indeed back by eleven and from the hollow look in his eyes, the test had been a bitch. Heck Dean had sat through enough tests trying to gain his medical degree so he knew that empty look far too well. Without even having to say anything Dean handed Sam a large mug of coffee, two sugars and French vanilla creamer, and gave his younger brother a sympathetic smile.
There was nothing but panic as Castiel, followed by Dean, raced down the corridor and into Krissy’s room. Monitors were beeping loudly and the blaring of a code blue siren could be heard even down the hall. Krissy was lying completely motionless in her bed as the crash team came running past Dean and Castiel. His breathing grew shallow as Dean watched the crash team whirl around the room.
He still hadn’t told Dean about MCAD and it really was starting to eat away at him. There were times when it nearly fell out his mouth at the most random of times; one of the mornings when Dean had driven him to school, sat in the Roadhouse eating burgers or on one Saturday when Dean had actually joined him for a run. Castiel knew he needed to tell Dean soon before the truth tumbled out of him at the worst possible moment he just sure of when to tell him.
“Hey I get that. I got daddy issues coming out the wazoo.” Dean said. “But you ok? Gabe is going to announce you in a minute then you have to go out there a schmooze.”
"Yes sir, I am. For a very brief moment in time, I planned on being a beekeeper but decided that ballet was safer." He said, trying to ease the tension in the air.
“Were you asleep?” Dean asked, his voice quiet so Cas wouldn’t be woken. Cas was a grumpy asshole when woken up for anything other than sex or coffee.
"Yeah 'Cas', she can take care of herself so just walk along." Alistair sneered in that haunting voice of his.
He really hoped that they could work something out. That would be hard though. Cas had spent that last two years wandering the globe, hopping from country to country. He hadn’t even been back in the States before the week of the wedding, as far as Dean knew anyway. How could they even try and sort out their fractured relationship if Cas wasn’t even near Kansas? Dean’s whole life was there. He would be starting work with Jimmy once the summer was over and he had firmly planted roots in Kansas. He couldn’t up sticks and follow Cas around the globe.
“Oh yeah?” Gabriel asked raising an eyebrow suggestively at Castiel. “Let me guess, he’s one of those achingly arty types that you just can’t keep your eyes off; all coffee habit, jeans so skinny they restrict movement and those God awful thick glasses all the ‘hip’ kids are wearing.”
“You don’t know where he is?” Castiel asked with concern. The thought of Gabriel being out there by himself doing God only knew what terrified Castiel more than anything he’d experienced in Hell. Apart from the few months they’d been apart, Gabriel had gone around Europe after high school much to their father’s annoyance; Gabriel had always been at Castiel’s side. Knowing he was out there alone not even speaking to Samandriel or Anna and still thinking that Castiel was in the pits of Hell sent Castiel into a wave of panic. “Do either of you know where he is?” Castiel pressed.
“Sam let’s just leave it. You both said shitty things to each other and I’m sorry. We really don’t have to talk about it.”
“He’s studying at The Art Institute Anna, I think you could easily find one subject to talk about.” He said. “Jo agrees with me you know, she thinks you should say something to him.”
"I didn't realise that we were friends." Castiel said bluntly. When he really thought about it what was Dean? Castiel was too brash and harsh to let Dean become his friend, he could handle then being something less than friends so hearing Dean refer to them as being friends made Castiel nervous. He didn't do well with friends apart from Anna and maybe Charlie. Anna always said she was his voice of reason and Charlie…well Charlie was bright and funny with her endless culture references and different way of looking at life. She was one of the sweetest people he'd known and it was clear from today that he would do anything for her. Being friends with them was easy but being with friends Dean something Castiel doubted would work. It wasn't possible to have the thoughts Castiel had been having and still just be friends with someone. Wanting the physical contact, needing the physical contact, meant they couldn’t just be friends and Castiel didn’t think he could live with ever just being friends with Dean.
“So…we haven’t really spoken much over the past few weeks…” Dean said sounding accusatory. He probably had a right because they hadn’t spoken much because Castiel had tried to keep their conversations brief and about light subjects. “Are things ok at home now…you know with your brother and all?” Dean asked and he had every right to seeing as though Castiel had spent two days at the Winchester’s before packing a bag and going to stay with Anna. It was probably the last question he wanted Dean to ask him because he found it difficult lying to Dean, he would have to tell Dean the truth and the only other option was to walk away and that was the last thing Castiel wanted to do right now. He actually wanted to be around another person and that person was Dean.
"Right. Gabriel! You and your awful shirt can intro him, talk about the trip and have Castiel say a few words about New York." Josie said. "Cameras in position! And we're a-go people!" She yelled before motioning Dean to follow here.
"Not these people you ain't." Dean muttered. "I'll wake up Red here while you grab the person I’m guessing is your youngest brother from upstairs because even though his anti-demon sigils are airtight they won't do squat against half of what's after you." Dean said. Castiel finally lowered his gun, clearly he’d decided to trust Dean for the time being. He gave Dean a long hard look before quickly leaving the room and Dean heard him running upstairs. Dean let out a relieved sigh before turning to revive Castiel’s friend.
“Working on my lame ducks in the studio, no big,” Meg said, shrugging her narrow shoulders. “Chill out Clarence, I was being a good girl for once.”
“What? Oh yeah…” Dean mumbled as he sat down and reached for the coffee pot. “It was great…thanks for letting me crash.”
Sam hit the play button on the machine and Dean stopped in his tracks as the apartment was filled with a very familiar smooth voice.
Part of Dean, the part with the terrible willpower, wanted to just say ‘screw it’ and go back to Cas’ apartment but he knew he couldn’t. The longer that Sam and Benny knew about him and Cas when Jo didn’t, meant the louder she would yell when she did find out. Dean had faced many things in his life; his brother’s illness, bullies in school and the freaking MCATS to name a few but he found nothing more terrifying than when a woman yelled at him. He could probably blame his mother and Bela for part of that but Jo was worse than both of them put together.
“Fine, I can act like one as well but that’s not what I’m talking about here Cas. You kissed me back, you admitted to kissing me back and now you say it was because it was me?”
“We’re still going to ask you. You’re our producer.” Anna Milton said. She was pale and willowing with long red hair. From her file, Dean knew she was also a lawyer. It was a surprise to have so many smart women on one season. Maybe Josie was trying a new thing. That thing being women with an IQ above double digits.
“Good, she could probably find a way to kick my ass even if she is over in England,” Dean said with a chuckle. “So how are the wedding preparations coming along for Naomi?” he asked and it was Michael’s turn to laugh loudly. “That well huh?”
“You’re up late this morning.” Naomi said without even looking away from her newspaper. Scratch that then.
Despite having nearly the whole couch to sit on Cas sat as close to Dean as he could without being in his lap, which Dean really wouldn't have minded actually. The two men settled into a comfortable silence as they worked, the only sound coming from the stereo which was playing Zeppelin's
?” Anna snapped glaring furiously up at Castiel. Ok the chick was pretty scary when she glared even when she wasn’t holding a weapon. “Do you really think that I could make Gabriel do
“Yeah because I still see you guys all the time. I talk to your mom every few weeks if I can manage it. Cas hasn't spoken to my parents in two years. He doesn't have a right to know shit about them.”
With a shake of his head Dean was back in the kitchen with Castiel who was watching him intently. Dean placed his half of the sandwich back onto the plate and rubbed his eyes with fatigue. He wasn’t tired in the physical sense, it had been so long since he’d felt the need for sleep, but emotionally he was exhausted. The day with Castiel had taken it out of him and so had the never ending thoughts of how the hell he was even going to save Castiel in the first place.
“I’m so glad that Dean’s settling in here and that he’s found some good friends. We certainly hated it when he was over in Russia and England. It’s nice having my son back in the States.” Mary said.
“Ok, ok. Enough about the music.” Dean said when Jack’s complaining got to be too much. “We got a long drive ahead of us and I’m sure you have questions. Not gonna lie, I’ve got questions too.” Dean said. Jack let out a long sigh, clearly gearing himself up and Dean braced himself.
He'd come all this way to talk to his mom and as soon as he'd seen her he had known that she would give him either touch love or advice he could actually use...most likely both.
if Raphael is there? She’s our family and we love her, we can’t leave her there just because this might be a trap or some shit like that.” The look Adam then threw Dean was one of fierce determination. “If you don’t save her Dean then I’ll go. Raphael doesn’t want me dead half as much as he wants you dead. I’ll go and save her if you won’t!”
Dean blinked in surprise but pushed it aside and ordered a black coffee. Maybe if he tried again in a few minutes he’d be luckier. He’d probably have to flirt a little but that usually worked. The girl handed Dean his coffee, a frown still firmly set on her face and took his change. Yeah, Dean was definitely going to have to try the flirting. Dean drank his coffee quickly as he looked around the room.
“Yeah…sorry about yelling at you like that. I mean I know it was like a month ago and I was really pissed but yelling at you in the OR wasn’t the best thing to do.” Dean said. “But you could have picked a better nickname, Budweiser is the shittiest of beers.”
“Here’s hoping, the guy was a dick. I know you were all set to marry him but he was a dick.” Sam said.
“Meg offered and it’s Christmas so screw it.” He said. “I don't always have a pole stuck up my ass.”
“Dean I’m close…fuck, I’m really close.” Cas moaned. Dean dug his fingers into Cas’ skin and he could feel the muscles tightening. Cas was biting down on his lip, so hard it could have drawn blood. Yeah, he was definitely close. “Fuck, fuck Dean I’m really close.” Cas’ pace quickened and Dean could certainly fell that he too was at that point. “I’ve missed you so much Dean… so fucking much.” Cas said with a cry as he, along with Dean, rode out his orgasm.
"Charlie said something last night about how she was amazed that you didn't mention she was adopted." Castiel said.
“Is he still on about that?” Sam groaned. Just out of view on the screen, Eileen signed something to Sam. He groaned and signed back.
Maybe being friends with his resident was a bad idea. It blurred the lines whenever they were in the hospital and Dean spent more time defending his friendship with Castiel than actually being friends with the man. He wanted to be friends with Cas, he really did. Once he’d chipped away at the cold exterior Dean had found that Castiel was funny and even smarter than he’d originally believed. He wanted to be friends with Cas but clearly, he couldn’t be friends with Dr Castiel Novak.
“I’m here to do my job Dean. Josie might have fired me but I’m back, I am here to do my job.” Ryan said trying to square up against Dean. It didn’t work seeing as Ryan was a good few inches shorter than Dean.
"It’s not working though, both of them are already too drunk to care. Plus Balthazar said that the holidays are not meant for talking about the school.” Inias said before taking a long drag of the joint between his fingers. "Want some?" He asked.
“Just peachy Mrs Milton,” Meg said, her fake smile still plastered across her face. “Are you here to help Cas and Anna settle in?”
“Ok Dean.” Cas said, shooting him a smile. “I’m sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable. I’ve been told by friends that my sense of humour is quite strange.”
“What’s going on? No bullshit.” Sam said. Dean laughed, trying so desperately to seem casual. Sam’s frown deepened. “Dean, what is going on?”
“Not everything is about religion.” Castiel shot back as he handed Dean a cigarette. “Can I ask you a question?”
"Spectacular." Dean muttered sarcastically. Cas shot him a look that Dean pointedly ignored. Hey, if Cas was going to suggest that Dean was fucking Anna then Dean was going to be a sarcastic jackass.
“No, of course not. My mom wouldn’t mind at all.” Dean said. Castiel noticed Dean did not mention his father and he knew from his own experience when it came to talking about his mother that asking questions about the parent not mentioned was never a good thing so instead of saying anything Castiel just nodded his head and he was grateful that Dean seemed to take this as a whole sentence.
“With great difficulty.” Castiel said as moved around his room picking out a pair of sneakers and a hooded sweater. “I’m guessing that you want to leave the house.” Castiel pulled on his sweater. “I can’t blame you at all, I could do with some time away.”
Back in medical school one of Dean’s teachers had told them how surgery was like a battlefield. It had nothing to do with the pain, or the trauma or the blood. She had said that surgery was like a battlefield because of quickly things changed. One moment you are standing the middle of silent calm, a swell in your chest from knowing how you had conquered that which tried to destroy you; then, like the changing of a rapid tide, a gunshot would ring out across the expanse, pain ripping through your chest and blood spreading across your chest like ink running across a blank page.
“Winchester!” a furious sounding voice boomed down the hallway. Shit, it was definitely not Jo. “Winchester! What you did in there was completely out of order and insubordinate.” Dr Novak snapped catching up with Dean.
“Jimmy wasn’t forced into this like I was mother. I never wanted this, Jimmy did so I’m giving him what we both want.”
“I never say no to a well-made cookie,” Cas said before taking one of the coffees. “Thank you for this Dean, it is much better than eating a bag of stale potato chips from the vending machine. Though if you get any kind of sauce on those files then you’re redoing them for me.”
"Thanks." Castiel said taking the drinks back to the table where Anna was sat with several of her textbooks littering the table. "Extra shot of vanilla from your cappuccino Casanova" Castiel said placing Anna's drink in front of her. Anna looked up and when Castiel nodded over to the counter where Inias was stood Anna blushed furiously as she glanced over. Inias gave her a small smile before going back to stacking mugs or whatever is was he did when he wasn't making coffee or cow eyes at Anna. Anna's head dipped down and she became incredibly focused on pulling a stray thread from her thick green cardigan. “Are you thinking about maybe starting a conversation between the poor guy before he goes insane?”
“Dumb luck?” Dean guessed. “I just needed a job and somehow I got an intern gig here for Josie. I managed to survive being her intern and she took me under her wing. She gave me a chance and offered me a producer job. I’m good at it, I’m not gonna lie. I can make shit happen. If I didn’t have Josie’s back, and if she didn’t have mine, I probably wouldn’t still be here.”
“I’m impressed.” A female voice said from behind Dean. Both he and Castiel turned around to see Amelia stood there. “It took me at least six months of dating Jimmy before I realised how crazy his family is.”
“I do.” Amelia said. The look Anna was giving Cas and Dean was bordering on threatening. She mouthed ‘I’m warning you’ as Amelia said her ‘I do’.
He wasn’t sure how long he spent sitting on the bench, sporadically drinking his beer and looking out across the skyline, but it helped. He helped calm whatever feelings were swirling around inside his body and threatened to spill out. How could he be so
Cas chewed the inside of his cheek at Bela’s words. “The girls are ready, are you ready?” he asked Dean. Dean gave him another mocking face before shrugging. “Is that your ‘I’m very excited for tonight Cas’ face?” Cas asked with a smirk. Dean flipped him off as Cas fired back a text to Bela.
Cas’ pants soon followed along with their underwear. Thank God for locks because if anyone was to walk in on them they would have seen a lot of naked skin. The kisses between became more frantic, Cas’ fingers digging even harder into Dean’s skin and Dean was soon reaching into the pocket of his pants for his wallet. Yeah, it was stupid to keep condoms and lube there but where else was he going to freaking keep them when he was at work?
Castiel sighed heavily at Anna’s question for what felt like the millionth time. “Fuck sake Anna, no matter what I say you’re going to twist it to make it Dean’s fault at the end of the day, aren’t you?” he asked resignedly as he looked down at the coffee mug in his hands.
Sam was right, damn Sam was always right in the end, but that didn’t mean that Dean wasn’t scared shitless of what state Cas would be in when Dean returned to Chicago.
Cas returned his phone to his pocket with a smile before walking back to the others. Meg was still on the phone, muttering away in a low voice, while the others all sat around watching the snow falling lazily down. There really was something magical about New York at Christmas time.
“Bet you…five dollars and…ten…no, twenty cents that he doesn’t die," Charlie stammered as she rummaged through her pocket.
“Fuck…this place is huge.” Dean said looking around the room. He couldn’t see the walls for space taken up by canvases or bookshelves. Dean couldn’t help but notice just how
Like Dean had done when he was preparing to move away from college, Sam had been working steadily to help with paying for the rent. John and Mary had been all too happy to help out, plus there was the scholarship Sam had received, but Sam had still been determined to partially pay his way. The apartment building was small, nondescript but looked inviting as Dean drove up and parked in one of the few spaces available. According to Sam most people walked or cycled to the campus so the spaces were rarely filled with cars. When Sam had come to visit Dean in Chicago he’d given him a key to the building in case Dean ever needed it. Dean counted now as a time he would need to use it.
After the meal, Meg and the others were hanging out upstairs on Cas’floor, while Cas helped his mother clear everything away. Amy gave him a grateful smile as the two of them cleared the kitchen.
“Yeah, just the one though. Sammy, he’s just started over at Stanford.” Dean mumbled absentmindedly as he glared down at the coffee machine which had clearly decided not to work. If Jo had been fucking about with the settings again Dean was going to make her sleep in the bathroom. He gave the machine a hearty whack and nearly cried with relief when the pot slowly started to fill up with dark brown liquid.
“Well I wanted to see if you would tell me about MCAD first but also because I wanted a few days for it to sink in…me going to college and all.” Dean said. “I haven’t told Sammy, Charlie or my mom yet…I wanted you to be the first person I told.” Dean added mumbling the last few words.  "It's all because of you really." Dean explained. "I would have given up after the first few classes at school if it weren't for you; I mean you helped me put the portfolio that got me in together. It's all thanks to you and so I wanted to tell you first.”
"Since when are you in a good mood?" Castiel asked. True Gabriel was the jokey sibling but he also had a temper that could rival Michael and Luke's, recently that temper had been shown more often thanks to the rising animosity between Luke, Michael and their father. “Did they finally discover a make of candy that doesn’t cause diabetes?”
When he thought about the electricity, Castiel smiled even in his sleep. It was dangerous, maybe even impossible but that electricity was present all night as he slept, the sizzle soothing his jagged mind for the first time in weeks.
"Yeah...even harder than I was after our encounter in the library." Dean said cheekily. Cas let out a chuckle, his eyes never leaving Dean's face. He pulled Dean in for yet another kiss and Dean wondered if he'd ever tire of the jolt his stomach gave when Cas kissed him. He hoped that he wouldn't. With deft hands, Cas made short work of removing Dean's shirt and kissing him fiercely as they tumbled down onto the bed. Dean gave up trying to gain control, he knew from their moment in the library that Cas knew damn well what he was doing. Every kiss between them was heat-filled and so fierce that Dean could feel his skin aflame with need. God he needed Cas so much he could barely stand it. This whole thing was going a million miles an hour but he just didn't care. He
“Will you shut up and stop mad mouthing my car? It got us here so leave your comments to yourself.” Anna snapped at Dean. “It’s your car Castiel.” Anna said by way of explanation as she nodded over to a motel parking lot. Sure enough there was the dark grey Buick that Castiel had driven since he was seventeen years old. Gabriel must have taken it the night Castiel died because there was no other way it could have ended up in a crappy motel parking lot. “Gabriel’s here alright, he might be a flighty bastard but he’d never leave your car.” Anna said as she gunned down on the car accelerator and swung into the parking lot. Once again Dean swore when his head bashed against the window.
His time with Dean, his time at home with Dean, was numbered. He was going to college halfway across the state and he had no idea where Dean had been accepted because Dean hadn’t mentioned it. Dean still didn’t know about MCAD because Castiel was scared of telling him and he hated that he was scared because he shouldn’t be. He shouldn’t be scared because Dean had told him that he loved him.
“Spiral into an endless pit of depression, lock yourself away from the world for two years, ruin every single relationship in your life then fall in love with an Irish priest. Face it, Dean, your life is fucked.”
“What the hell is going on here?” a voice rang out as Alistair threw another punch to Castiel’s face. Ringing filled Castiel’s head and he could vaguely hear Charlie shouting something before a hand grabbed a hold of his arm and dragged back towards the school.
“Bela stop looking at yourself in the mirror, this is a studio, not a changing room!” Naomi snapped. Bela stopped looking at herself, her cheeks flushing.
The next morning came far too early. As his alarm blared throughout the room, Cas seriously contemplated just going back to sleep. He couldn’t though, he needed to practice the adagio for the audition. Realistically he should have gone to sleep a good three hours before he had, finally dragging his tired body to bed way past midnight. It was all Meg’s fault. It was always Meg’s fault.
“Cas?” Dean called out as he unhurriedly walked into the studio. He stopped in surprise when he saw a huge stretched canvas, at least six feet high, propped up against the farthermost wall. A riot of colour spread across the canvas, giving of a sense of rage that Dean could practically taste in the air. Dean was so focused on the sight of the canvas that he nearly missed Castiel sat on the only piece of furniture in the room, a long couch, with his head in his hands. His chest was rising and falling rapidly as if he’d been crying. “Cas?” Dean asked though this more apprehensively.
“Shit, I have to get back; my brother’s accepting me at home for dinner.” Castiel said leaping up from the couch.
“You better or I’ll be the one driving to Chicago and whooping your ass. I might be smaller than you but I could still take you.” Mary said with a grin that Dean couldn’t help but return before he pulled his mother into another hug. “I’ll see you soon honey, I hope everything with Castile works out.”
“You’re finally admitting that you like him then?” Jo said and Dean blinked back in confusion. Seriously when was the woman going to start yelling at him? “It’s about freaking time, I knew you couldn’t carry on living in denial for that long. Your brother agrees with me by the way.”
“So listen…you’re probably the only person that has been remotely nice to me at this school since I came here and I’m normally pretty bad at making friends and such so…well I was wondering , do you wanted to come over to my house tonight if you’re not busy? We can watch cheesy sci-fi and fantasy films and eat too much popcorn.” Charlie said stuttering every now and then. “
"If you drop me, I will shatter every bone in your body." She snapped to Inias, who rightfully looked terrified.
It was probably a bit pathetic that the first real words he’d spoken to his brother were about a damn bowl of fruit but Sam would only bitch about the lack of healthy food on the table. Sam didn’t say anything, he just nodded his head, but his small smile told Dean that things weren’t entirely fucked up between them.
“Butthead.” Castiel heard Sam mutter. Smirking Castiel walked round the sleek looking car until he got to the passenger’s side and was surprised when he saw that the door was already open. Dean was leaning back over towards his side of car and as Castiel slid into the seat he gave Dean and questioning look. Dean just replied with a slight smile and an unhelpful shrug of his shoulders. It was the first time in a very long time that someone had opened a car door for him and it was surprising that the person to do that would be Dean Winchester. True Castiel did not know much about him yet but Castiel would have thought that old fashioned manners weren’t Dean’s forte, clearly he was wrong.
“She’ll be ok but we need to take her into surgery.” Dean said. Ben seemed like the kind of kid that would want to know everything he could and Dean wasn’t about to treat him like an idiot. “During the crash, some of her ribs cracked and splintered. Her lungs are ok but one of the splinters nicked her heart and we need to do a quick repair. Don’t worry though, we have one of the best cardio surgeons in Illinois.”
Dr Mosely had been at the hospital for years according to Cas and Charlie, she was practically an institution within the walls of the hospital. She was tough but still caring with a sixth sense when it came to children’s illnesses. Basically, she was the best paediatric surgeon in Chicago and she was impressed with Dean. If he wasn’t so freaked out by the thought of a sixteen-year-old girl’s heart failing he would have been pretty proud of himself.
He sucked a deep bruise onto Cas' collar bone. Gently biting at the skin until it was red, before making his way down to the other man's stomach, peppering kisses down his chest and then his well-defined abdomen. The breathless gasps for air Cas let out nearly sent him over the edge. Dean had no idea what actual sex with Cas was going to do to him. Thank God Cas was a cardio surgeon because Dean was convinced his heart was going to give out at some point during the evening.
got Romeo?” He asked, staring at the list. “Holy fuck…I owe Sammy $50 now," He turned to Cas with a surprised look. “I bet him that you’d get it,"
“Hey…aren’t you in my English class?” she asked. Castiel had to rack his brain because he really didn’t pay attention in English class at the moment as they were studying a book Castiel had read more times than he could count so he spent most of his time trying to drown out people blatantly missing the whole point to the novel and most of the characters. “You sit at the back of the room I think. I’m near the front, they were only seats open.” Charlie added if that was remotely helpful. After looking at her more closely Castiel realised that Charlie was in his English class and seemed to share the same views that Castiel had on the rest of the class because he had noticed Charlie rolling her eyes at the other students almost as much as Castiel did.
“Yeah you’ve said you don’t really do the whole friendship thing.” Dean said acrimoniously as he looked away from Castiel and flicked his nearly finished cigarette away from him. Castiel wanted to explain, he wanted to explain so badly why he couldn’t really be friends with Dean but he knew he’d never be able to fully explicate it, there was no way of telling someone that the hopelessness you felt on a daily basis caused you to not want to be close to people. He couldn’t say without Dean wanting to run a mile and no doubt call him a freak or something worse. “Look I get it…I just don’t understand why.” Dean muttered. The hurt look on his face was just too painful and Castiel knew he had to get away as quickly as he could before he ended up saying something that he couldn’t take back.
The guest room was larger than any of the crappy motel rooms Dean crashed in when out on the road. In fact it was probably the largest and nicest rooms Dean would ever sleep in. Once he was able to sleep again that was.
“I got Sammy out, he was only a baby at the time. After that we lived on the road, we grew up in motels and in the Impala. Sometimes we’d stay with our ‘Uncle’ Bobby in South Dakota but then Dad would come back and we’d be off again.” Dean heard himself say. “When Sam reached high school age I made him stay with Bobby. I’d dropped out of school and was hunting with my dad full time. The night I met you…we were hunting the thing that killed your friend. We found it and it…I…”
“And you’re not mad I got Romeo are you?” Dean asked warily. Cas snorted and shook his head. “I mean I know how everyone wants the best roles. You’re one of the best dancers here and everyone talks about how much you want a contract with the company,"
Dean prayed to God, or whoever was up there, that Jo had gone out for the evening as he practically dragged Cas into the apartment and pushed him against the nearest wall. His lips hungrily found Cas' moments later and the moan that escaped Cas' mouth should have probably been illegal because
"Just like that.” Dean said clicking his fingers. “I still don't know why he did it. He just cut us all off. Up until this week I hadn't spoken to him in two years. Jimmy didn't speak to him for six months after the divorce and Anna speaks to him even less. He never told anyone why he did it."
"You sure?" Dean asked. Castiel nodded. "You're a better passenger than Sam or Charlie. They complain bitterly whenever I play Asia or about the fact that I still have a tape deck." Dean added.
Inside of her office, Becky Rosen was frantically typing away at her laptop. A huge thesaurus lay open on her desk next to four half empty cups of coffee. Becky didn’t even look up from her laptop when Castiel knocked on the open door.
“She what?” Dean asked and that was finally when Dean looked at the kid. Really looked at him. “Wait…Jack? Jack, is that you?” Dean asked looking down at the kid. The kid’s face broke out into a nervous looking smile. “Oh, holy shit.” Dean gasped out because of all the people he was expecting to see today, Jack was not one of them.
“In case you didn’t realise it, I like you too.” Dean said. “I’ve been trying to ignore it but I can’t. I can’t just ignore my feelings for you.” Cas’ grip on Dean’s hand tightened. “But…fucking hell Cas, you have contract obligations. You signed on for the show.”
“Dean?” Dean’s other garrison member Sam asked appearing at Dean side. “It’s happening again?” he asked again with alarm.
“Oh, you bastard.’ Cas groaned after Dean had finished on a pretty impressive looking hickey on Cas’ neck, one that would be impossible for Cas to hide with his scrubs or white coat. “You fucking bastard,” Cas said with a chuckle. “Everyone is going to know where that came from.”
“I’d like to remind you that I was the one who said that skipping dipping was an important part of any road trip.” Castiel said with smug justification.
“Tell me if I hurt you,” Dean whispered. Castiel snorted and crushed his lips against Dean in a hot, wet kiss full of desire.
Dean. Dean, who didn’t have faith in God or himself but had some faith in Cas. Dean, who wanted to pray for Meg despite the two of them not having the greatest relationship.
The sketch his hands were flying over was still not working no matter how Castiel looked at it so after several minutes he pushed the sketch pad away from him with a slightly annoyed groan and decided to focus his attention on the poster in front of him. Jo looked up from the book she was reading and gave him a sympathetic look as she witnessed many an art related fit when it came to Castiel. Just as he was about to say something to Jo the chair next to Castiel scraped against the floor, this had the same effect on Castiel as fingernails on a blackboard and caused him to shudder. Ripping out his earphones he turned to who it was that had pulled the chair out to glare at then until he realised that it was none other than Dean Winchester. Dean gave him a mocking grin before he threw himself into his seat strangely full of refinement for someone so tall and broad looking. Castiel raised an eyebrow before placing his earphones back in and returning to his task of staring at the poster in front of him that depicted the reproductive cycle of bees.
After the conversation about Castiel’s pendent the following hours spent driving towards the motel were in near silence apart from several of Dean’s ‘helpful’ comments in regards to Anna’s driving skills or her lack of taste in music. Castiel watched as Anna’s face slowly went nearly as red as her hair and it wasn’t until she threatened to kick Dean out the car that the comments stopped almost all together.
“No, I’m listening,” Dean said leaning forward because he honestly was interested in this Castiel Reeves. John would chastise him for this but for that brief period of time Dean forgot about his father and did something for himself. Castiel Reeves was intriguing and Dean had always been inquisitive.
Dr Castiel Novak didn’t look like the kind of guy that could make a woman cry or terrorise interns. In fact, he looked more a freaking librarian, a scruffy and kind of hot librarian but a librarian nonetheless. Ok, so Dean was going to ignore the ‘hot’ part because that was clearly from the lack of sleep and the several beers Sam had piled on him last night. Either way, the reputation Castiel Novak had was probably just speculation because the guy didn’t look that-
“The past few years have sucked, really sucked. I missed you but I was so angry that I didn’t want to miss you.” Dean explained. “But I have missed you and maybe we can work something out.” He said.
Dean's fingers ran feather light touches along Castiel's arm; the feel of Dean's fingers on his skin caused an eruption of goose bumps along his arms and a desperate need for intimacy pooled deep within Castiel’s chest. It had been so long since someone had touched him like that, Castiel almost craved for the cool touch of Dean's fingers along his skin.
“I thought our story was over. Done. Book closed and the shitty film based on it in production.” Dean said. “Then you waltzed back in gave us all a sequel we didn’t think was gonna happen…”
“It’s pretty damn different. I mean New York is different from what I’m used to. I’ve been in London for the past few years and got pretty used to the place. Course’ I’ve been to New York before but it’s totally busier than I remember," Dean said. “To be honest I’ve kind of been in a daze since I got here. My flight from London didn’t get in until late so I just crashed at a hotel last night, I think I’m still on London time, to be honest. Jet lag can suck my dick,"
“I appreciate the space. Thank you.” Castiel said taking in the room. A record player with a large box of vinyl records sat in the corner along with a small bookcase packed full of books, many of which Castiel recognised from Anna’s house. The room felt like it had been lived in for a long time, it felt like a home.
“I think I am too drunk to drive my car.” Cas said blinking his bright eyes several times in Dean’s general direction. “I shall have to sleep in the on call room, thankfully I have spare scrubs in my locker.”
Dean swatted him playfully as he untangled himself from their embrace. He grabbed his discarded shirt and moved across the small space to his front door. Cas pulled his own shirt back over his head.
“Thanks.” Castiel called back with a small smile. He took a cautious sip and was met with the rich flavour of strong hazelnut coffee. He took another sip while the helicopter landed on the helipad. He followed Amelia as she hurried towards the helicopter and opened the door before she could reach for the handle. Amelia rolled her eyes but smiled anyway. Naomi and their father had been sticklers for Castiel and Jimmy being raised with manners and respect.
The half eaten peanut butter sandwich was left forgotten as Castel walked out the kitchen only moments after Dean. He wasn’t sure where Dean had gone, it could have been anywhere seeing the size of the Novak-Reeves mansion, but he was sure that Dean wanted to be left alone. Castiel couldn’t blame him at all.
“You’re such a fucking asshole,” Cas grumbled but the insult was lost as he let out a sensuous sounding moaning as Dean gently washed his hair.
but if he's the reason you're acting like this then I'm not." Anna shot back. "I mean he is the reason isn't he? You were ok up until you started hanging out with Dean and Charlie."
“Probably for the best… we do have a wedding to go to.” Dean said pulling himself away from Cas. “We’ll talk about this later ok?” Dean said because he wasn’t just going to ignore all this shit going between him and Cas.
“She’s not your mom Ruby, she’s going to get better and kick ass next year," Cas said. Ruby still looked fearful. Cas had never seen her like this before.
"You got into medical school and passed all your exams with stupidly high marks, how can you not get Skype?" Sam said shaking his head in disbelief.
Jo and Meg were waiting for them outside the studio. As soon as she saw Dean, Jo gave him a huge smile and hug. The pair started talking right away about their parents and life when they were kids. Meg just rolled her eyes as they walked through the main corridor and out onto the steps. Bela and Charlie were already sitting there with a large take out tray of coffee and boxes of salad.
“I do apologise Winchester.” Castiel said smiling himself. He looked a lot less pale now that he was out of the hospital which was a good thing.
Her parting words were sharp and short. “Make sure you look presentable.” Dean bristled at her words, he always made sure he looked ‘the part’ when he had to guide a soul even it had now made him hate wearing suits.
“Dean…I’m not going to run ok? I’m not. I just don’t have a set plan for my life yet. I didn’t even apply for MCAD, I wasn’t even planning on going to college but it’s happening and so I’m going to let it happen. I don’t plan things…my life doesn’t really have a plan.”
“Well yeah, I’d prefer having a friend live with me and like I said, this frees up Dean’s spare room for his brother now. Plus you did only say that living with Dean was a temporary thing.” Charlie said.
Cas smiled to himself as Dean opened up the studio, the early morning sunlight lighting up the space. Their light footsteps barely made a sound on the hardwood sprung floor.
"Nice of you to join the land if the living." Dean smirked as Charlie slumped into a kitchen chair and practically clawed at the coffee pot. "What no witty comeback?"
“Seriously Jess? After what I told you? Did you do this just so you could go to the fucking prom? I always defended you when people called you a vapid bitch and this is how you pay me back?”
“No…I just wanted to see if you were ok but just forget. If you’re hungry later on then they’ll be food downstairs.” Luke said before walking out the room and slamming the door shut behind him.
The house seemed empty when Castiel returned home. Both his father and Michael would be at work and Luke would be wherever Luke felt like being on a Friday afternoon but that certainly wasn’t at home seeing as his motorbike wasn’t on the driveway. Castiel let himself into the house as Anna drove off towards her house and he was only placing his keys into his back pocket when Castiel heard Gabriel’s voice coming from somewhere in the house.
“She letting Jimmy marry you, I think that proves that you’ve passed her test.” Castiel admitted bluntly. If Naomi had hated Amelia then there was no way they’d even being having an engagement let alone an engagement party. Amelia rolled her eyes and Castiel’s remark and soon the conversation about the party and dates was dropped.
Saturday always meant a new filming week. Two episodes would be filmed over the course of the week. This meant several groups dates, one-on-one dates and two rose ceremonies. The first few episodes would always feel awkward for the cast but the episodes to come were where relationships were formed. It was all hands on deck.
"She's alive," Amy said as relief flooded through Cas' body. "But they found huge traces of oxycodone in her system along with Vicodin and Adderall. For
They lay in bed for another twenty minutes exchanging sleepy kisses before leaving the warmth of the covers. The rest of the house was silent, which wasn’t too surprising given how early it was. Both Dean and Cas dressed in comfortable clothing, Cas having to borrow a worn hoodie and sweatpants from Dean as he hadn’t packed any other clothes.
the thoughts inside Hester and Hael’s minds when she came into the room," Cas said, his voice soft and wistful. “She...she sat herself down next to me and said ‘Well hey there Clarence’ and that was it. I had no idea who Clarence was until Christmas that year. The night before Anna and I went to Russia to visit my grandparents we watched
that you’d been sent home for punching Alistair in the face? If Meg hadn’t of told Ruby for her to tell me then I probably wouldn’t have heard about it for hours! What the hell happened?”
.” She added pointing her finger menacingly at Castiel’s chest. “I hate yelling at you but for God’s sake you are
Both Dean and Sam piled out the car without a care in the world and after breathing in carefully for a few moments Castiel followed because it would have looked strange to just continue sitting in the car. Dean strolled up to the front door and opened it before calling out “Hey mom, we’re home!”
"Yeah...a week ago. I've been with my family in South Dakota. My brother finally got married to his girlfriend Jess and I think slept for about four days straight." Dean said. "It's weird...I got so used to how they all looked...I got so used to how you looked and how it's changed. It's quiet as well, real quiet." Dean added. “It’s weird to see you without all the colour…”
“Dad, it’s four weeks. Not four months. Besides, you said summer camp would be good for me!” Twelve-year-old Claire Winchester said with a roll of her eyes. “I know the truth though.”
“She’s lucky to be alive. If you hadn't found her...god, I can’t even think about that...but we think she’s going to be ok.” Cas said. All the adrenaline that had been coursing through him since they found Meg had left his body, leaving him utterly shattered. “We’re...we’re gonna try and sleep for a bit. If I get any updates I’ll text you all, ok?”
The dark, smoke-like, soul that simmered under his skin rippled almost angrily and Dean was sure that Tessa noticed it. Her eyes narrowed so Dean swiftly made sure the look on his face what that of steel-like resolve.
“No, it’ll take ten minutes to get away from everyone. Seriously, the cab is here and Bela wants to go.” Meg said. “Come
“Kitchen, now.” Jimmy snapped pointing at the door. Dean sighed, rolled his eyes and stubbed his cigarette out. Picking up his cocoa he walked back into the kitchen with Jimmy. Cas was stood by the coffee machine waiting for it to beep.
“It’s not too bad, the first book was better though,” Jess said with a shrug nodding once again at her book. “Sam said he would be back by eleven by the way. I have a lecture then, I’ll be out of your way to talk and whatever.”
Every year since they moved into the dorms with Jimmy, Cas and his friends had snuck up to the roof on the first night of a new term. When they were younger they'd just drink soda and play cards but over time the soda turned to alcohol. Playing cards stayed the same with dashes of gossip about other academy numbers.
“Are too.” Cas shot back. “Either go back to sleep or do something other than stare at me.” Cas said, finally opening both eyes to look at Dean.
The empty guest room felt unnaturally cold when Dean opened the door. The Novak-Reeves mansion may have been vast but it had yet to feel cold. Maybe it had been the nature of his conversation with Castiel that had chilled Dean to his core. Dean could still smell the musk of cigarette smoke and the tangy water from the lake. If he looked out the large bay window of the guest room he might even spot the small lone figure of Castiel still sat on the dock of the lake.
for Anna. In Chicago, Amelia introduced Cas to her family and her young daughter Claire. Cas was a complete hit with Amelia’s family and especially Claire. The viewers at home would eat it all up but it made Dean feel utterly worthless.
"Yeah sure, come in," Jo said opening the door even further. Dean followed her into the main room where Adam was sat. “I thought you were with Cas tonight," Jo said as she walked into the small kitchenette and grabbed a bottle of beer from the refrigerator.
"I do like a tall woman." Charlie said, grinning at Sam's terrified expression. The rest of the crew burst out laughing as Dean felt the phone in his back pocket buzz. Glancing down the screen he saw an unfamiliar number.
"You got in? You got in!" Anna then screamed flinging her arms around Castiel's neck and hugging him so tightly that all the air rushed out of him. “Rachel! Rachel! He did it!” Anna practically screamed into the house. It would have been better if she hadn’t of screamed right by Castiel’s ear because he was almost certain that he was now partly deaf. “Mom, Rachel! Castiel did it!” she cried again as her sister Rachel and mother Amy came hurrying into the hallway both still in their pyjamas.
“She’s an amazing but frightening woman.” Amelia said with a small laugh. “So…have you found someone to bring with you?”
." Castiel said pushing Dean away and breathing in heavily. A crushing weight was pressing against Castiel's chest and everything inside of him was telling him that this was both the right and wrong thing to do. Inside he was ripping in half in the most violent way possible; one half of him needed to be as far away from Dean as possible but the other half was desperate to never leave, desperate to keep clinging to those tiny fragments of joy between them because those tiny fragments showed Castiel he could feel genuine happiness and something almost akin to love.
“Well, that time it was with a pool cue, once she hit one with a drinks tray,” Dean said with a fond smile. Jo’s tales of growing up in a bar never failed to make Dean laugh. “Dude stop trying so hard with her, just act like you do when you’re around here. She’s a damn good surgeon who once kicked a guy for calling her ‘blondie’. There’s really no need to act like an awkward idiot.” Dean said.
“It’s better off if you don’t know that but I promise you that I am not a reporter,” Dean said wanting to kick himself for how quickly this situation had turned. Castiel’s face hardened even more so and Dean could tell that many people around them could sense the tension between the two men. “You saw the thing that killed your friend, imagine much worse things being out there and then you might understand why you’re better off not knowing,” Dean said lowering his voice.
“You knew that it was Dean.” Castiel said trying to hide his blush. The night he told Jimmy about Dean still fresh in his mind despite the alcohol he’d drunk at the time. They had been out in the city with Amelia, Hannah and a few others who worked with Castiel. Castiel hadn’t meant to drink so much and it ended in him telling his brother all about that night in Boston.
"In other words, the day to cure a hangover," Cas said. All of them had been using fake IDs since they were sixteen so going out after the gala had been a thing for the past few years.
“Samandriel go to Anna’s car now.” Castiel said looking between Anna and Dean. Samandriel looked at his brother with fear filled eyes.
With The Avengers to mask the sound, Claire and Jack sat in Jack’s room as they called their Uncle Sam. After a few rings, he accepted the video call. Grinning at the pair of them with a warm smile.
“Yeah that was Gabriel; he was just ringing about last night.” Castiel said. Dean gave him a sympathetic look which Castiel wanted to hate because the last thing he needed was Dean Winchester’s sympathy but instead he found himself oddly drawn to it. It was strangely comforting.
“Time’s run out Dean, today is your last day. Castiel is gone tomorrow.” Tessa said still sounding far too nonchalant. Dean ground his teeth together as Tessa’s eyebrows raised. “Run out of good ideas then? I told you, his soul is too tired and broken.”
"If I get a contract with the company I want to get it for my dancing, not because I was pals with the staff." Dean said. He must have realised what that sounded like because he suddenly shot Cas an apologetic look. "I didn't mean it like that." He said quickly. Cas waved him away.
It was nearing ten o’clock at night. The smell of the dinner Anna had cooked still lingered in the air. Castiel and his family were probably sat somewhere in the cabin either reading or slowly going insane over not being able to leave. Dean couldn’t really blame them; he was slowly going stir crazy from not hearing anything from Sam or Adam and if it went on any longer-
“Christ.” Charlie muttered while Anna and Ruby snorted. “Come on, we’ve all got to get to sleep.” She added as she finished her beer. One by one they all said goodnight to each other. Dean was heading back to his trailer when he heard his name being called. Cas jogged up to him, a smile on his face.
.” Dean said. Cas smirked at Dean’s use of his new surname. They had decided the day after the drunken wedding that Cas was going to be a Winchester and every time Dean called Cas a Winchester Cas would smirk an adorable little smile.
“Dude, you’re a human being. I can’t make you do anything you don’t want to do.” Dean said. “So, can I sit? I promise I won't try to make you go back there.”
"And live my life like it was a lie?" Cas asked with a frown. "I would have thought that you, of all people, would get why that is a stupid idea." Damn, he had a point. Dean had been out and fucking
“I seem to be the only one who is doing so.” Dean pointed out. Adriel snorted loudly as if the mere thought of Dean storming Hell was laughable. “You make it sound like I’m powerless, like I’ve never even held a blade or fought in a war in my life. I’ve seen more wars than you could think of.”
, he watched me be torn apart by hell hounds. How could you just leave him alone?” Castiel asked. The main thing their father had taught them growing up was that they needed to watch over one another. The notion that Samandriel had left Gabriel alone after what had happened was not a notion he wanted to think about at all. “How could either of you just leave him?”
