Sherlock had stopped dead in his tracks, causing Mrs. Hudson and John to collide into him.
He reached over and retrieved his mobile. Fortunately it was still in one piece. “You failed,” he informed the older woman in a hushed voice. “Those girls were
“Apologies,” Violet flushed. “I must confess my motives were not purely selfless.
“Oh,” Mary closed her eyes. She stayed silent so long, Sherlock worried he had overplayed his hand. But finally she said “Yes, of course. But,” she opened her eyes. “I don’t know where to start looking for those reports.”
Sherlock reached into his pocket, pulled out a memory stick.
OK... so... I know I have thoughts and feelings about the Series Four premiere! :^O
“We’re going to have company,” Chibs ignored Stirmon’s jibe. “Who’s making the sacrifice run?”
After a minute or two (a minute or two too long in that spooky gloom in Violet’s opinion), her prepaid mobile vibrated. Violet took it out of her back pocket and read the message:
“No,” Green said. “She’s outlaw.”
Lestrade opened his mouth to call him, but Violet clasped his upper arm. “He doesn’t want things to be awkward,” she murmured, “Since both Molly and Henry are also here.”
“Why can’t she ask me herself?” Sherlock put his tea cup down, placed an ankle on the opposite knee and pressed his fingertips together.
If anyone is curious, below is a link to the tango "Por una Cabeza".
Sherlock’s desperate voice sounded muted to John… like he was underwater…
.” He jabbed himself in chest now with his finger.
Worried about Molly and Lestrade.
“Oh my God.”
Sherlock made himself look at Molly’s baby bump, to really look at it, observe it for the first time. He had always averted his eyes from her growing abdomen after she had dropped the baby bombshell on him. “You’ve been traveling down this same road yourself, I believe.”
In the last box, Violet had found a hand-written note from Rucastle reminding her to wear the scarf he had given her. He had assured her that all the blouses would match the scarf nicely.
“Oh no, please stay,” Harry insisted with a cackle. “Please stay so I can entertain you with stories about ickle Johnny when we were kiddoes. Oh the
“So what happened?”
But Mycroft insisted the engagement  become more… permanent.
ipso facto
He closed his eyes, puffed out a breath, and got to work.
Just as he decided he was going to throw himself in front of whatever she had planned for Sherlock, Violet closed her eyes and lowered her arms, holding them to her sides, as if in military formation.
“… don’t want to be married anymore, I don’t want
“Why not go back to your hotel?”
Violet rolled her eyes and shook her head, “Since the day before you left.”
“In this charming bistro in the
“Premeditated?” Violet politely queried. “Funny, John always told me what a terrible shot Sherlock was. I mean… you’ve seen the bullet holes in the walls, right? Uneven? Random? When Mycroft didn’t answer, Violet prattled on. “Anyway, John told me this story about how they were hunting down an assassin, the Golem, I think he was called? Anyway John said Sherlock had a clear shot and missed. Twice,” Apropos of nothing, she added, “Ever notice how every single picture in 221B lists just a bit to the left?
“It’s fine, John,” he said in a wooden voice as he swung his legs over the bed. “You said so yourself. Personal space and all that…I need to… go through Kitty’s devices and…”
“That he had intercepted his top secret intelligence that could start World War Three. Then he had supposedly told her it had been stolen, but he was going to get it back and look like a hero, get a big promotion, get a pay-rise. If he hadn’t told her his name was Fourange, I would have sent word to her to laugh it off. But because I knew who he was, really was, I knew she was in grave danger. Her own fault, really for not keeping her mouth shut. “Irene rolled her eyes again. “But instead of going to New York like I arranged, the silly cow went and contacted him to come fetch her from Rome. I had no idea she hadn’t gone to New York… but I’m getting ahead of myself,” she took another drink of cognac. “Two weeks ago, a woman approached, oh, I’ll call her Elizabetta. She carries out my decisions, runs the actual house in Rome and no, she doesn’t know what I look like, by the way. Anyway, Elizabetta was approached by a woman, blond. British. Wanting to buy me out, made a reasonable offer. It was an offer not so high that I wouldn’t be suspicious, but high enough to make it worth my while.”
“I’m going to take a shower,” John threw the duvet completely off him now, nearly hitting Sherlock in the face with it in the process. “And for the record, I wasn’t dreaming about Harry, so there. You made a mistake.”
Handing the paper cups to Violet, he put the phone on speaker so Violet could hear. He knew the peons wandering though this charade of Goodwill towards All Men would not be paying a jot of attention to them.
“Walter who?”
“If you would observe instead of assume, you would clearly see my pupils are normal dilation for this level of light. I am speaking in coherent sentences. I am mindful of my personal hygiene. You don’t need to check my arms for track marks.”
John shut her up with a kiss. A long, hard, deep kiss while his fingers threaded through her hair. With a self-satisfied grin, he led her out of the kitchen, still limping slightly from his injuries. But as he guided her from the kitchen, he started removing her clothes, starting with the grey cardigan. Then his t-shirt followed. Then his shirt and her bra. A trail of their clothing followed them up the stairs.
. You left those voice mails on Sally Donovan’s phone, trying to warn her about Moriarty. You were the one who rang me after The Fall, telling me how badly The Met had botched the abduction of ambassador’s children and how Moriarty had set Sherlock up. How you had a murder weapon, a knife, with Moriarty’s fingerprints on it, which definitely proved that Richard Brook was rubbish and Moriarty was real.” He advanced on her. Sherlock tried to grab Lestrade but the furious detective inspector easily pushed Sherlock away. As Violet backpedalled, Lestrade demanded, “Care to tell me who Cyril Morton really was? And why Jim Moriarty killed him?”
“Could be fun,” a ghost of a smile appeared on her lips.
Anthea bent down, “Sir, I must insist you go home. We can handle things from here.”
Dupin puffed out his cheeks and glanced at the clock.
Heart in his throat, John desperately ran down the terminal, feeling the shock of the cement floor radiate up to his knees as the soles of his cheap Oxfords hit the floor. He ran down the stairs, taking them two at a time, quickly apologizing to the people he ran into on his way down.
“Oh no, but some company would be lovely, John,” Mrs. Hudson beamed. She peeked out of the kitchen door, smiling as she watched Sherlock fussing over his sheet music. “They really suit each other, don’t they now?” she sighed happily as she filled the kettle.
“So I bolted, like a coward. I don’t remember if I told Molly if I was leaving, but one of Mycroft’s spooks found me outside, trying to hail a cab. I told him to bugger off, but he offered me a ride home. I gave in but I made him stop at an off-license. I bought a bottle of scotch, planning on drowning my sorrows.”
But the bells continued to ring and ring.
“You really want your personal life splashed out in the tabloids? Your childhood?”
to anyone.
Her knee and hip burned, her head thumped and blood oozed down her face. She felt the flat soda she had been drinking slosh in her stomach. She wanted to puke then lie down.
Julia pointed the same Smith & Wesson 9MM she had trained on Irene Adler. She gave Violet a smug little smirk. “You sure you want that snap as a souvenir, Agent Hunter?”
Gladstone responded with a reassuring
John returned to kissing that incredibly responsive spot behind his ear (
She looked up after popping her mobile into her Chanel handbag.
A beat, then sheepishly she said, “Hey John. You mad?”
A player says "j'adoube" as the international signal that he or she intends to adjust the position of a piece on the board without being subject to the touched piece rule. The local language equivalent, e.g. "I am adjusting" is generally acceptable.
“The FBI, CIA and Homeland Security are very aware that you are alive and well. Regrettably, so does what’s left of the Red-Headed League...”
Taking advantage of the chaos, Violet shoved her shoulder against the emergency exit door and twisted the handle. It screeched open and she hurried out, slamming it behind her.
tell him
Moriarty regarded Sherlock from where he stood. He kept Violet close to him while blatantly ignoring Lestrade. Moriarty’s coffee brown eyes lit up and his lips quirked up into a genuine smile as he greedily appraised Sherlock from his expensive shoes up to his wind-tousled curls.
Dupin did not mince words, “Trouble,” he grunted as he reached for the crystal ashtray on the lovely silver coffee table. “Forgive me mademoiselle, but I am very anxious and this is the last vice I possess.”
He suddenly remembered Dupin’s disgusting flat, how he and Sherlock had stayed in a guestroom that had not been turned into another glorified skip for Dupin’s rubbish. How Sherlock had started prattling in his sleep, tormented by a PTSD dream. A nightmare triggered by John nearly perishing in the Catacombs earlier that night…
Sherlock dug into his trouser pockets and pulled out his mobile. He showed her Gordon Fowler’s mug shot. “You weren’t sent to my flat by this man?”
Green walked around the table and slouched down at the head of the table. He pointed at Bevington then at a short, beefy man named Stirmon. “You two, find her. Drag her back by her hair if you have to,” he picked up his gavel. “The rest of you, out. Not you, Vibart.”
“Yes,” Dupin nodded. “Adapt to your situation instead of trying to bend it to your will.”
“How do I look?” Molly Hooper Lestrade whispered to her mother fretfully as she smoothed her ponytail down one more time.
“Yes, you did, my clever girl,” Sherlock purred. “Well done. Were you careful?”
He thanked God she didn’t say anything trite like “It’s God’s Will” or even worse “It’s not your fault.” Instead she just said “Shit happens sometimes, John and it’s just not fair.”
when he finds out we’re leaving him in the dark again.”
Violet put her torch and gun down on an antique sofa and then looked around. She couldn’t help but be impressed by the massive library. “Fits his profile, this room would feed his need to look and feel powerful. Plus, it’s familiar, more than familiar. It’s his home. Mycroft is just as attached to this place as Sherlock is attached to 221B.”
Happy Sunday everyone!
John wasn’t sure if that was good or bad.
“Oh but that was dreadful,” Mrs. Hudson cringed. “I scolded him soundly for that one.”
Mycroft made a tut-tut noise. “Your poor face.”
John rolled his eyes, realizing that Sherlock was being lazy, refusing to get up and walk the three steps to retrieve the file where John had left it. Still, with a magnanimous sigh, John took the three steps to retrieve the file and brought it to him. He glanced at the file label: MI6-0522 The Scowrers of Gilmerton, Lodge 341.
“That,” John panted afterward, still gripping onto to the wall of the cubicle he and Mary had been occupying in the women’s lavatory, “Was… I think… the dirtiest sex I’ve ever had.”
“Yep,” Lisbeth sighed, eyes glazing over in boredom.
“I’ll fix it,” Mary promised her husband. “I promise. We’ll sort things out while you and Sherlock are in Paris. Do you know when you’re leaving?”
William shone the light on the cover. “
He thought finally telling Mycroft off would make him feel better.
All over London but here is the interesting bit I’ve learned. Sarah Cushing and Alec Fairbairn lived in Westminster. Sarah shared a flat with her boyfriend and Jules had a bedsit that was basically a cupboard for his clothes and instruments between gigs. Paganini and Aldridge did not have proper homes, but they often stayed in the Passage House homeless shelter in…”
He wanted to find the insurgent and thank him for shooting John, who provided the bullet that had changed the trajectory of John’s entire life, leading him into Sherlock’s.
“Jim needed the information Irene possessed on her camera phone decoded. Jim’s objective was carrying out an act of terrorism. He was paid by terrorists to blow up that plane,” Sherlock muttered with distaste, as if he had bitten directly into the lemon slice instead of dunking it into his tea. “Richard’s objective was… me, to possess me one way or the other. He wouldn’t want me to have been… distracted… by The Woman’s… charms.” Sherlock flushed again, suddenly becoming very interested in his tea. “Richard wanted me all to himself.”
John heaved a big breath as Sherlock turned his back to John and Dupin again. “Sherlock,” John struggled to keep his voice calm as Sherlock drifted towards the window as if he were back at 221B Baker Street and he was about to take up his violin. “I know you think you’re protecting me by staying silent. But you’re not. You’re really not, so how about… how about we pretend it’s the way was before The Fall, when you used to trust me and tell me everything.”
John goggled at Marie for a good minute, his eyes nearly bugging out. Then he slammed his mouth shut when he realized how stupid he must look. “Right, so, you’re the one.”
His eyes flew open as his breath hitched. He forced himself to slowly inhale and to relax as he surveyed his surroundings, taking comfort in familiar things despite the dim light.
“How did you take out this one?”
“Oi!” a voice on the other side of the stall wall yelped, “D’ya mind? Trying to see a man ‘bout a dog in some peace, yeah?”
“Stay with Mary,” he ordered Violet, in English now.
Sherlock pushed the door open.
“Endanger my… oh look who’s talking! Pot, kettle,
Lady Hilda rose, “Thank you for your time, but I must go,” she checked her expensive watch. “Tree will start to wonder where I am.”
Also, a past event comes back to bite everyone in the butt...
It didn’t, of course. Soon, she was on the motorway, back towards the city, back towards her modest terrace home and small garden and ugly, lovable dog and new foster daughter.
Then she slammed her foot on the gas, hard.
Violet, like John, was also remembering a previous conversation. One she had with Sherlock:
She hadn’t liked the way his leather glove had felt on her bare hand.
“No,” he said coldly to himself as he walked to the lift. “Some things
The wintery chill helped rouse Violet from unconsciousness, but not completely. She felt foggy, disjointed. Completely unable to string a coherent thought together, the only things she could clearly perceive was that she was outside in the cold and
“Maybe take a shower?” John’s large nose crinkled, making him look like a bemused Labrador. They had been wearing the same clothes now for the past two days. They hadn’t even cleaned their teeth properly, much less taken a shower. “Or you could multi-task and think in the bath?”
Sherlock shoved the girl off of him and stalked away as his face broke out in a cold sweat.
Then he had been found inconveniently dead in his flat in Brook Green, windows and doors locked from within.
“That we get to find, lucky us,” John snapped back.
her.”
“What happened? Is it the boys? Did something happen to John?” Violet couldn’t think what could rattle Mary this badly.  “Please, sit down, you’re scaring me.”
Mary was already on her feet, “Do you have your gun? Mine’s in my handbag.”
, not
She placed her hand over her belly, where a baby should still be growing.
nutter at that. She wasn’t fired, but she almost wished she had been. Not only did Lestrade treat her with a professional coolness that bordered on disdain, but she now found herself an office pariah, even by those who still hated The Freak.
“Molly told me to get my arse down here and help you catch the bastard,” Lestrade didn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes. He cleared his throat and pointed at the map. “They were heading east on Oxford, then CCTV crashed. Then we lost contact with Violet fifteen minutes later.”
His eyes burned again with tears.
… I was getting poisoned? You… you…”
John schooled his face to look neutral. Sherlock had been laying  the “Jeff is my BFF” act on
“And the zoo?”
She hadn’t expected him to remember. Why would he? Thanksgiving was not a British holiday.
“Hi, good morning,” John had said, trying to be cheerful and polite. When Anthea ignored him, John muttered. “Right, OK,” and turned to stare out the window. Except the window was so darkly tinted, he couldn’t see anything. So he had pulled out his own mobile and tapped on the app that opened up a poker game. He had always loved playing cards, even as a boy. As an adult, poker, blackjack,
) so it insulted him whenever one of his partners suggested some sort of “bedroom aid”, claiming that it would be “fun.”
It wasn’t always fun, not existing.
“I don’t think she knows.”
“Got a warrant out for Jimsie, won’t take long to find him. Gordan General completely ratted him out,” Lestrade swallowed another yawn. “Look, before I collapse, I just want to say… I know neither one of you have any reason to help Sally. So… thank you.”
John tilted his head to the right. Wiggins nodded and led the way, John hopping along right after him. They had made it to the hallway and were about to turn towards the door that led to the basement when the upstairs lights suddenly turned on.
“So what’s this shit about sending in women to do a man’s work?” Violet glowered when she reached Brother Morris, resting the barrel of the shotgun over her wrist.
He found the light switch and flipped it on.
“My mind doesn’t wander.”
Mary nodded. “This is what I need from you…”
“Immunity?” Mycroft sounded amused.
He fingered the small vial in his trousers pocket.
“He’s not going anywhere, I need him,” Sherlock spat at her.
“Yeah, I think that sums up the situation perfectly.”
Mycroft turned his head, “Mitton?”
“But France doesn’t have a monarchy,” John had said when Sherlock took a break to stretch his fingers and to get another cup of coffee.
Molly smiled more widely, as she tended to do when she felt nervous. Her eyes became wet and she started blinking very rapidly. “I mean… I don’t look too fat, do I? Only like a hippo and not a killer whale or anything,” she tried to lighten the mood.
He wondered if he should share his suspicions regarding Violet’s health with John now.
“Lies,” Jim purred. “You live for them. You’re alive because of them. If I hadn’t sent out that broadcast on New Year’s Day, you wouldn’t be here.”
Sherlock didn’t smile back. He really didn’t feel like smiling at the moment. “It was right after Moriarty came back. Mary had lost the baby and John wasn’t handling it very well. I was trying to distract him the best way I knew how, just like I did when he first moved to Baker Street and had been struggling with his PTSD. But I was hunting Moriarty at the same time with the knowledge that you, Molly, Mrs. Hudson…and John… everyone I am… fond of… was going to be his target, Moriarty’s. All the work I was doing, it was staggering. Hunting Moriarty while taking care of John and still consulting cases
Happy Tuesday Eve!
“If we’re late,” she stood ramrod straight, arms crossed, “DI Lestrade will petition to have you demoted to meter-maid, do you understand?”
“We must,” Sherlock continued to study his mobile. “Can’t really back out now. The game is on.”
Dupin gave Sherlock a pointed look. Sherlock pretended to ignore him but by the mutinous look on his thin face, John could easily imagine a six-year-old Sherlock sticking his tongue out at Dupin when his back was turned. The very idea made him grin a little.
With that, both men threw their coats and scarves on and raced down the seventeen stairs, taking them two at a time. They rounded the building to where Mrs. Hudson’s car had been parked after Molly brought it back to Baker Street after the explosion at the clinic.
“That’s not all…”
… shortly after William started therapy. The therapy that there were absolutely no written records about. That started up after that mysterious fire at the family estate. Which coincidentally occurred at approximately the same time the Earl, known as Master Heath back then, had been in a dreadful “car wreck”.
Keeping her gun fixed on Sherlock’s head, she turned her head towards Jim. “Well, can you?”
!!! UPDATE !!! REPOSTING: MOVING TO VEGAS 1/19/16, NEED SHARE FOR GAS, MOVING VAN, DRIVE, GAY MALE OR STRAIGHT FEMALE PREFERRED. !!! UPDATE !!!
“John, I pay attention to
“Then you went to Paris,” John said.
“There’s no smoking in here, sir,” the driver informed him timidly.
“What is this?”
221B Baker street
“We do need allies. Especially since you and I know very damn well Sherlock’s big brother’s no minor bureaucrat.” Watching what little color Mary had in her face drain away, Violet whispered “That man could have us both killed-” she snapped her fingers in front of Mary’s face. “-like that.”
And his unfortunate setback last January… which led to him showing up at Molly’s door step and… well, he didn’t remember much of that night…but he could clearly see the consequences.
“Yeah and don’t talk if it hurts. Jesus, you sound awful.” John sat down on the bed next to Sherlock. “You look awful too.”
Sherlock smiled. It was the most terrifying sight Victor had ever seen..."
“You think that if he knows that we got together, like he kept saying he wanted us to, it would get weird between you two?”
to take the case.”
“Ford,” she said again, sitting cross-legged on the floor, surrounded by all the books that had fallen on her. Talking out loud to sort out her thoughts, she studied the photograph again “Was there an older brother? Maybe a stepbrother, wait, no, this has been a first and only marriage for their parents… what did I miss?”
He tucked that thought away for future contemplation as well.
“Nonsense,” Violet said firmly but kindly. “No one just jogs past this block of flats. The only address more famous than this one is London SW1A 1AA.”
John often had to remind himself he was not on holiday.
Then he started walking with Peters to meet Professor Moriarty.
Wiggins turned to her, his look of disappointment turned to confusion, then deep misgiving when he recognized her. “Mrs. Watson?” When she nodded, giving him a smile, he didn’t smile back “Err, Hello.” He looked around, squinting, “But where’s Shezza?”
Inside the jar was yellowing formaldehyde and a head.
.” He uncrossed his legs. “I need to change,” he looked down at his yoga bottoms and soft, black cotton vest.
5:50 AM
revival this coming Sunday…”
Even Anderson, who had been her staunchest ally, had started up a
“Orphaned at a young age, you were made a ward of the state. You went to work for the KGB, but at the first opportunity, you defected to the United States, using the novel concept that you should be considered an American citizen due to your mother’s nationality. The CIA readily,” he smiled coolly. “Hired you on but became quite irritated indeed when you started freelancing on the side. Then approximately eleven years ago, Mary Morstan moved to London, got her certification in nursing and,” Mycroft spread his arms out. “Here we are.” He looked around the terrace house. “Bit anticlimactic, really. Playing the role of the devoted housewife and nurse, how boring it must get.”
Only hate the road when you're missing home
He decided that no matter what Violet was diagnosed with, he would be there for, as John put it, The Long Haul, for the simple fact that she would for him if roles were reversed.
After Sherlock paid the delivery men and the piano tuner and they went on their way, Mrs. Hudson clasped her hands together and said “Violet, play a tune, why don’t you.”
“Apologies for the delay,” Sherlock kept his face hidden in John’s chest, his voice muffled as he spoke into John’s white button-down instead of looking at him. “I, ah, broke a string when I was loosening them and, err, I… I wanted to take care of that right away. Before I forgot… you see. Plus, I had to tend to Gladstone. Let him outside to do his business then feed him and whatnot.”
He had offered to do the cooking and shopping but Mary said no. She had found a grocery store that delivered and gently reminded him that his cooking was, well, shit.
“Understandable,” Dupin murmured, his eyes locked firmly in front of him. “As well as admirable. I felt that way about my partner, my best friend, when I still worked for Interpol.”
John thought as he opened his kit and pulled out a thermometer. Completely aware he was about to break the law, John gently shook the girl awake, “Hey, I need you to open your eyes now.”
“Your choice, run and let the girl die.”
“I’m not… stringing him along!”  John spluttered, nearly catching Gladstone’s tail in the crate door. “Sorry, mate,” he muttered at the dog then he slammed the Land Rover door shut hard.
an escort service in the West End – JW
.” John commanded as Mrs. Toller smirked behind him.
Violet wasn’t sure if that was a good thing, but she kept that thought to herself..."
10:39 AM
The “film” started jarringly, with a shot of a neat but very sparse lounge. The room didn’t seem to be English. The wall was blindingly white, as if someone had used a cheap whitewash to paint them with. Hanging on the wall was some sort of surrealist painting, all splashy colors, bright reds, fiery oranges and electric blues. Also hanging on the wall was an enormous crucifix with a decidedly un-Anglicized Jesus suffering on the cross. No blue eyes, blond hair on this Jesus, this Christ was almost as black as night and the expression on his face seemed to be more accurate to his circumstance rather than the dignified agony the white Jesuses express.
Spying an empty loveseat, Violet tried to give her pink blouse and boring FBI-standard black blazer a discreet tug. Nothing fit anymore. Ever since she had transferred from doing field work in New Mexico to a more research based position in DC, the pounds were starting to pile up. She winced as the waist band of the last pair of nice black dress pants she owned pinched her waist when she sat down. She made another mental note to start hitting the gym on a more regular basis.
“Sweetie, c’mon, lovie,” she crooned to the disfigured bulldog. As she opened the backdoor to the pathetically small garden, she looked down and said, “Hey, there’s a huge parcel here.”
Dupin found a backdoor and jimmied the lock open. He jerked his head, signaling Sherlock and John to follow him. They run up the stairwell at a clip. John kept the gun barrel pointed down, but his finger stayed on the trigger.
“I will get everything sorted out, I promise. You will not have to marry me. No one should be subjected to a lifetime shackled to me.”
“I’m the invalided little solider with PTSD,” John bit his lip and shook his head. “I’m the one they can push over the edge, is that it? Kill his best friend from the Army. Try to blow up his surrogate mother and sister. Shoot his sister… take his…” now John’s voice cracked. “My daughter” he wiped his eyes with his pointer finger and thumb. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he asked Sherlock, “Violet with Mary then?”
“No.”
She tried not to vomit. She remembered That Voice from her childhood.
He held out the pack, “I know you used to indulge.”
Alex pursed her lips but as usual, said nothing. She knocked on the door. Dimmock opened it. “Thanks for coming,” he held up the police tape for them. “Oh… and you brought backup,” he added, warily eyeing Gladstone, not noticing Violet’s injuries at first.
“Go for the Grand Gesture.”
“Oh, do sit down,” Irene flapped her hand at her, pretending not to notice Violet was having trouble standing up. “No reason to get your knickers in a bind. In a way, we’re sisters, you and I, having shared the same man and all.”
“Violet,” John grabbed her by the crook of her arm. “Wait.”
But they didn’t go to 10 Downing Street like he thought they would. Instead, when the car had come to a full stop and John got out, he found himself inside some grotty old indoor car park.
“You just showed your hand, Mr. Holmes,” Violet clung to the railing as she found a toe-hold with her right foot. She swung her other leg over before Mycroft could reach her. “You already told MI-6 and the FBI that I had the code and was going to hand it over to you, didn’t you?”
, as she would call it) that his big beautiful coat was essentially his security blanket. It was just as much  armor for him as her dyed hair and cosmetics were for her. A shield against the world.
“It better be important or I may strangle him yet,” John grizzled.
5:35 PM
“Leave him be. Harry, take John and go to the Staffords.
“He has two cases going on at once at the moment,” Mary said thoughtfully. “That might be enough to distract him for a little while. I just don’t want to get John’s hopes up in case I’m wrong or,” her voice started to wobble again, “If she’s really dead.”
Then Sherlock would see John on the roof, kneeling down behind Moriarty. Not standing below, safe on the ground, on his mobile, begging him not to jump. But here on the roof, on his knees, hands on his head, starting to say his name: “Sherlo-”
“I’m sorry,” Siobhan whimpered. “It’s just that… I do care about you, Harry, really. I want to be friends, but I met Georgina at the club and… and I started fancying her, I didn’t mean to…”
“Sort things out with Mary,” he commanded her. When she made a noise of disgust and made a move to get off the piano bench, he grabbed her arm and held her. “We need to stay on friendly terms with her, Violet.” He then reminded her. “I have the scars to prove what can and will happen if she becomes emotionally unstable.” When Violet still balked, he asked her softly, “What do you think would happen if she fell out of love with John?”
Marie Devine could speak perfect English with only a trace of her Russian accent. However she played the accent up as “Mrs. Fraser,” the recently widowed housekeeper who had come over to America with her husband years ago. After losing her husband, she moved from St. Louis to the suburbs.
“Had a conversation with the night manager who checked Violet into the Best Western she hid out in while federal agents lost their minds, thinking she was actually stupid enough to flee to New York City.”
Next to her, Gladstone nuzzled her and whined.
“We adore her,” Violet said, sitting in John’s chair, taking minuscule sips of tea. “We wouldn’t be able to find our socks without her, would we Sherlock?”
,” Mary murmured, pulling her sleek little Beretta out of her handbag.  With the police dog’s assistance, she carefully prowled through the flat, searching for subtle signs of a break-in or struggle.
She felt a mobile placed against her ear. She followed their instructions to the letter. She gave the performance of a lifetime. What choice did she have? So she gave the proper signals to Missy Stroper that everyone was A-OK and she was safe and sound.
Ninety minutes and an entire pot of *fancy pants* tea later, John slumped back into the sofa. “Great, so we’ve narrowed the search down from 151 possible funerals a day to… 70.”
A bored, female, American voice droned in his ear. “Fowler and Rutledge Management, how may I help you?”
force anyone against their will!” Sherlock charged towards Lestrade until the desk was the only thing between them. Even so, Lestrade backed up a bit, surprised by the sudden fire in the detective’s eyes as he continued to shout: “How dare you accuse me of doing something so foul to someone else, especially who is important to me, who matters to me. You must be a bigger fool than you look to believe I would be capable of such atrocities. And I would never ever hurt Molly like that,
“Did you honestly think trust would automatically be rebuilt in a day or two?” John demanded incredulously. “For God’s sake, Mary, other men would have divorced you or turned you in.”
She was dangerously close to overloading on secrets today. And it was only a little after one.
, she reasoned to herself.
John tried and tried to keep calm but as the time stretched on, his resolve started failing him. Panic spread through his chest like a raven stretching out its wings, preparing to take flight. There had been more than one time he had nearly become undone but he had swallowed hard, vowing not to cry like a big girl’s blouse in front of these bastards.
As the violin and piano dueled with each other and danced with each other, John realized why Sherlock had shut down emotionally on the roof. He had closed himself off to John because he didn’t need John as a confidante anymore.
“I told him he needed to leave at once, but only after he and Dr. Watson left did I realize I have no way of stopping the blackmailer from forcing me to do something else, maybe something even more damaging.” She puffed out a breath. “I need Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson’s help. I know they have been hired by the government to find the missing letter. I would like to hire them to find the blackmailer as well.”
She decided it was probably both.
“I mean,” John looked up at the stone pillars welcoming guests into the cemetery. “This is something I’d wear when mowing the lawn or pulling weeds out of the flowerbed in the back garden. Do Americans really dress like this or are you taking the piss out of me?”
“Why?”
“I don’t know,” John breathlessly admitted as he tugged on Gladstone’s leash. As the Alsatian bounded in, John added, “But I really think we shouldn’t leave Susan alone with Sherlock.”
She interrupted his musings when the waiter left. “That doesn’t fit the timeline.” She then whispered, “Your brother captured Jim, I mean Richard after the
Sherlock scratched Gladstone’s pointy ears, pondering.
“You’re definitely hiding something, Miss Smith,” Donovan murmured, as she studied the blurry pictures of her that had flooded Twitter and Tumblr over a year ago, when she fell off the Wobbly Bridge and Holmes jumped into the Thames after her.
“The underworld believes the code went with you thus diverting the target from Sherlock to you,” Mycroft nodded in approval, seeing the good sense of this move. “Anything else?”
Violet experiences her first few days on the job at the Rucastles.
“What else did eye-witnesses say? That’s not in the official reports,” Donovan knew full well that the minute Jim Moriarty revealed himself in The Plaza on Oxford Street, MI-6 immediately swooped in and declared bagsies on jurisdiction.
“Besides,” Sherlock plucked the police file from out of John’s hand. “The more work they send me, the less time I have to be bored. If only all our cases were like the Copper Beaches,” Sherlock flipped the folder open and started reading. “Mmm although, this
The lights from St. Paul’s Cathedral and the gently cascading snow turned the sky into an eerie orangish-grey colour. Violet cradled a Styrofoam cup in her gloved hands. She took slow, careful sips as she looked over the railing and down at the Thames, the water blacker than the actual nocturnal sky. The coffee was quite terrible, but Violet ordered it for the heat and for the caffeine. She stomped her feet, uncomfortable pins-and-needles sensation surging through her feet and calves again, but chalked it up to the cold.
“Err… alright.” Violet smiled on the outside while she squirmed on the inside. She was almost immune to Sherlock’s “Under the Microscope” stare. It was unsettling to receive it from someone else, especially when that someone else looked like someone’s kindly old granny. “Is this the ‘What are Your Intentions with My Son’ talk?” Violet attempted to joke.
The door was incredibly flimsy. Two strong kicks and it all but flew off the hinges. John stuck his gun in front of him, pointed it. Behind him, Sherlock stood scanning the room with his sharp eyes. John checked the room as well. It was a sad, grey studio, perhaps an artist’s garret once. Now, just a dirty room with a sofa and a mattress with newspaper littered all over the grimy floor. Tattered drapes fluttered in the breeze as an open window like the rain and the wind in.
The old man took off his tortoise-shell spectacles. “Are you questioning my judgment?”
Sure enough, they arrived at a police barricade. A man in Army fatigues stopped them, told them to turn around but Sherlock barked at him, “I’m Sherlock Holmes and this is Captain John Watson. Let us through, they are waiting for us.”
“Oh, Jimsie got rid of the lot,” Marion clumsily tucked a hank of dishwater blonde hair behind her ear. As her dressing gown sleeve slid down, Mary also observed several finger-shaped bruises on her thin forearm. “Sold her clothes and laptop and things but… I managed to save a few things from the car boot sale.” She slowly hoisted herself up with a grimace of pain then toddled towards the cardboard table that apparently doubled as the dining room table. Next to it was a Zimmer, held together by duct tape.
In a fierce voice, Lettie said, “Call Alistair, but tell him he’s paying for William’s counseling sessions as well, for as long as it takes to heal him from this nightmare. And we didn’t find the therapist through the NHS either.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Present company excluded.”
“It is,” Mycroft assured him stoutly.
Both men glanced at each other then back at her. Studied her stance, the way her feet were splayed, how her shoulders were squared.
Mycroft studied his bandaged palms with interest until the mahogany doors to his inner-sanctuary burst opened. Sherlock strode in, wearing a black pea-coat instead of his usual Belstaff. It suited him. Following closely on his heels, was the young butler pushing an elegant, old-fashioned silver tea service.
John meets darling little Edward.
However dreadful this chintzy, rent by the hour, “no-tell motel” was, the location couldn’t be better. The ocean was within walking distance.
. I don’t care if we have to break into the Diogenes Club and beat it out of Mycroft. I want my daughter back.”
Doyle, A. C., & Morley, C. (1930). The Problem of Thor Bridge. The complete Sherlock Holmes. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday & Co.
Sherlock had not commented on Dupin’s reticence. He had been, however, venting his spleen upon the young Canadian medical student ever since they all saw the blond boy waiting for them at the
John cleared his throat again; still worried he might yet weep. He crooked his arm out and Molly placed her free hand through it.
“What’s a Morning and Afternoon Constitution?” John had asked.
She sat on his sofa, looking slightly green. Gladstone sat next to her, his furry body pressed close to hers, as if he was either protecting her or comforting her. Or both.
“Again.”
“You’re a terrible liar. That’s why there’s no challenge in playing cards with you.”
He was glad he had taken a cab ride. His stomach threatened to eat itself by the time he had reached Baker Street. He was glad he’d had a chance to get some food into him.
12 August 2015
“What do you remember about the accident?”
“Pity, I thought you said you were going to get to the point?” Sherlock drawled, “How disappointing.”
Violet thought with a touch of irritation.
“Did she die?” Susan whispered. When John nodded, she swallowed and fiddled with the garish rings on her fingers. She sucked in a deep breath, gathering her courage. “I want to stay. But, you see, errr… well, I know that you and Mary have been… um, I mean, I try not to listen but when Mary is yelling at you on the mobile…”
“Come on then,” Victor barely could control his voice as he started walking away.
to be tonight. I’m scheduled to be on the next plane back to London tomorrow morning, the Iceman’s orders.” She produced a thin little smile. “He doesn’t trust me.”
“Darlin’, you asked that five minutes ago,” Chibs crossed his arms, the leather of his kutte crinkling as he moved.
“Mary,” his voice was rich, warm and inviting.
As much as he desired to see and to touch John, the need to talk to him was far more vital. In order to begin the endgame, he needed to fill in John completely on what had happened to him and to Violet while they were in America. John would not be able to assist in the final stages of the plan if he didn’t know what was going on.
“Miss Smith,” he said, solemn for once. Macpherson had replaced Philip Anderson after he had died, or more accurately, when Anderson’s family had finally decided it was more merciful to pull the plug instead of keeping him in a vegetative state.
Then the plane exploded.
He came to later, lying in his bloody T-shirt and jeans in an unheated, damp cellar of some abandoned building. Obviously they left him to die. They left him because they
He felt the cotton sheet and linen duvet lift then fall as she slid into bed next to him.
Mary tapped the screen. The video froze.
.” When Donovan didn’t reply, only stood stock-still, utterly gobsmacked, Janine ordered her, “You better go now. Don’t ever come back.” She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. Then she re-opened them and calmly told her, “Yeah, I left London because of Sherlock Holmes, but also for loads of other reasons. My life is here now. It’s quiet, it’s boring and I like it that way. So please, go home.”
, Violet thought. She kept her face a smooth, calm mask. “Mr. Rucastle, I’m sure we would all love a tour,” Violet simpered.“Your home is so lovely.”
He kept his eyes averted, very unlike himself. But he nodded, exhausted etched into the lines of his face. Then he closed his eyes, but his face did not smooth out in relaxation. Rather, his brows beetled together and his mouth twisted down.
Violet unbuckled her seatbelt, looked out the window then slowly got out of the car, ever vigilant now. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end as she warily walked around the car to retrieve the luggage. She felt especially vulnerable since she had lost her gun to Moriarty before he had strapped her to that horrid suicide bomber’s vest. Mycroft had oh-so-regretfully declined her request to get her a new one, citing England’s stringent anti-gun laws.
Unlike her fiancé, she also pointed her gun. The bike screeched to a halt.
Sherlock couldn’t speak, couldn’t
Over the years, Sherlock gleaned from various observations and deductions that Ford had ended up in MI-6. Eventually he had mended fences with Mycroft and had recruited Mycroft into Britain’s shadowy secret agency.
22 July 2015
“Mm,” Green eyed the tall, thin man interacting with the Sons.
Ralph had been her father’s name.
“I know, I know,” John said hastily. “It’s just that… seems a bit mean.”
“What are you going to do when your daughter leaves for America?” Sherlock asked idly as he continued to peer out the rear window of the van.
“That’s quite enough,” Mycroft restrained himself from striking his brother. How
“But Sherl-” Mary started to protest.
“Look,” Lestrade snapped. “I know none of you give a shit about Donovan and I can’t say I blame you. She’s the one who fucked everything up. If she hadn’t made assumptions when Ambassador Bruhl’s girl screamed at the sight of you, then Jim Moriarty-”
She also hoped Sapphire would stick around.
“Clara,” Harry dragged the name out, infusing two syllables with hatred. “Come to have a go at me, eh? Come to laugh at the wash-up? Breaking up with me wasn’t enough?”
way. A lesson had to be taught.
As the van, with a new tire and new license plate, drove away, Violet studied her left hand.
“I knew what he liked,” she purred.
“True,” Sherlock lifted a long finger, “But obsessive-compulsive disorder does fit the profile of one of the accomplices if it is accompanied with other psychological disorders, including severe psychosis. Also, people with obsessive-compulsive disorder can fixate on thoughts of violence or hurting loved ones. May I remind you, my dear Agent Hunter, that the villain Simon Mitchell, the young man posing as a Mormon evangelical who was poisoning women once they let him into their homes, had obsessive-compulsive disorder. He had to have the same brand and color of shoe laces,” Sherlock tented his fingers together. “Our culprit fixates on roasting the body once the murder is complete.”
26 November 2015
Violet kissed the top of Gladstone’s furry head, right between his docked ears. She whispered to the Watsons, “Mrs. Holmes and Molly were also targeted. We have to go back to London.”
, John wearily thought. “Sit down,” he took his feet off the poof.
, I’m no lady, Mr. Holmes.
“Yes,” she looked at Sherlock dead in the eyes.
John squared his shoulders and adapted his “Captain Watson” voice. “You’re not going anywhere. Sherlock and I actually had a long talk about this very topic the other night. We both agreed that right now, it’s in everyone’s best interest I stay with Mary.”
“You never do.”
She couldn’t make out the words, but she could hear indignant tones of what had to be the vicar. She lolled her head towards the right, as if that would help her hear any better. She still couldn’t make out the actual words, but she still could more angry voices, mostly female now, protesting the interruption. Then there was another voice, male, graveled, authoritative, ordering everyone
In fact, it was several hours later when Sherlock looked up from his computer, noticing Violet sitting in his chair watching late night television. As if noticing her for the first time ever, he asked, “What are you still doing here?”
The trio stood there silently as the tension mounted. While brother gazed at brother coolly the woman continued glaring at Mycroft. Every muscle in her body was tensed, fueled with adrenaline, as if she readied herself for the precise moment when she could leap forward and kill Mycroft with her bare hands.
“At that
Still, he only slept with the top sheet. The duvet had been neatly folded last night and placed on the floor by the foot of the bed. Currently it provided a dog bed for Gladstone, who was still snoring, dreaming about chasing rabbits and biting criminals.
“And how are you feeling?” John asked.
. “Right,” her voice was faint with weariness and fear. “I can be ready in twenty minutes but I’ll need a ride.”
The man had one gloved hand pressed down on his ravaged thigh and the other over his shoulder. “Please, gov, I’m in a lot of pain.”
Violet hesitated before hugging her again, wondering if it would be breaking the “Miss Smith” character. She decided it would not, but she gave her a brief, gentle “Miss Smith” sort of embrace as well as a prim peck on the cheek. “You would have done the same if roles had been reversed,” Miss Smith said, elegantly ending the embrace but keeping her hands on Molly’s shoulder. “Please don’t weep. Everything is going to be alr-”
“How? Your feet
“A chance to even the score,” Mary told him. “As well as a chance for revenge.”
Sally considered his request. He wanted to protect Mrs. Watson’s privacy apparently. So if the
“I’m sure your colleagues are aware of that.”
“Hey,” Violet leaned again the doorjamb. “What’s happening to The Shrine?”
For Sherlock, that was a relief. Nowadays, when he fantasized about kissing, it was John he thought about, not her…
He observed there was no evidence of a female occupying this space. Or a small child.
“I shall relay the message,” Mycroft hooked his umbrella over the crook of his elbow.
Violet twisted Anthea’s hair more tightly  in her fingers. “So you know I couldn’t give two shits whether or not you die. You’re only alive right now because of the British Government. He would track me and her,” she tilted her head towards Mary, “down in a heartbeat.” She let go of her hair and backed away from Anthea. “But doubtful if he could stop Sherlock Holmes. You also know he blew Magnussen’s head off last Christmas too, right?”
She wasn’t a sad little ghost anymore, haunting the Watsons. Her name made her real. Maisie was out there… separated from all the people who loved her the most…
“Over where?”
Anyway, enjoy!
Violet gave Rudy a look that would have sent Medusa the Gorgon running and screaming. “Your voice and face is putting me off, please leave at once.”
Saturday night
Before Sherlock could answer, the door opened again. This time it was an older woman with squinting blue eyes and barely any hair, greying stubble really. She wore a black suit one size too large for her and sensible black ballet flats.  “I’m Agent Althelney Jones,” she held out an almost skeletal hand to Sherlock. “How can I be of assistance?”
; Violet didn’t bother suppress her evil delight.  “I thought it was clever, naming a mission after the German lieutenant general who helped the Duke of Wellington defeat Napoleon, seeing how Sherlock always called Magnussen “The Napoleon of Blackmail.” Oh, of course, von Blücher’s proper title is
“Hello,” Violet went straight to her default Miss-Smith mode, extreme politeness. “You must be an old friend of Sherlock’s. How nice to meet you, I’m Violet Smith.”
“Tuesday,” Sherlock started to reach up to rub his chest, the old bullet wound, as he had unconsciously done in the past when he worried about Mary. Since John had informed him that it was a tell of his, Sherlock had worked on ridding himself of that habit. Resolutely, he jerked his hand down. “There’s been a change in plans. Instead of a fortnight, I need you and John to leave for Lausanne immediately. Friday… Saturday at the latest.”
“John,” Sherlock felt a lump swell in his throat when he noticed John was holding his blue-and-purple checkered scarf in his hands, the scarf marked with John’s blood.
Hope decided the conversation she was about to have with her husband required cookies.
“Sherlock?”
Doña Nalda let rooms out as well as running her
“Couldn’t or wouldn’t?”
“No,” John had said, leaning back in his chair. “Surprisingly enough, he’s more concerned with Victor Trevor than he is with you, although I’m supposed to give you a message.”
Gang He held out his hand. “Come along and I’ll show you, Mrs. Watson.”
“No,” Violet shook her head. She yelled into John’s ear “Stay. Have fun with Mary. I’ll find him.”
“Unless it is necessary for them to commit the crimes for their own self-preservation or amusement, as it was usually in Jim Moriarty’s case, for the fun of it,” Sherlock pushed the French pastry away from him. “If they took the letter, then they needed it.”
He screamed in his head.
Mrs. Holmes spied the lift and trundled towards it, feeling the familiar arthritic ache in her knees. Again, she wondered what had happened, when did
He also hadn’t wanted to leave John after dropping such a bombshell upon his best friend. Indeed “shell-shocked” would be the best word to describe John’s condition as Sherlock had pressed a glass of whisky into his hands.
Victor ignored his comment. “Believe me Miss Smith, Alice does quite well for herself. Plus when she married my wife’s brother, well,” Victor shrugged. “What’s his is hers and vice-versa. My wife’s family is considerably well-off, to put it mildly. So when I said ‘Money is no object,’ Sherlock, I meant it. Alice will pay whatever outrageous price you quote.”
“Let’s get to work then, Mrs. Watson.”
“It’s from the scrapes,” she mumbled, wanting to believe her own lie.
After all, Mary had been pregnant at her wedding too.
Violet had rung off when Mrs. Holmes entered, wearing a brand new scarlet dressing gown that had been a gift from Mycroft. Violet had an inkling that Anthea may have picked it out. Mrs. Holmes wore matching slippers and carried two wine glasses filled with  warm, honeyed liquid. An orange slice and a cinnamon stick were floating in the mulled wine.
“Please,” Dr. Sodhi gestured for Mary to follow him.
“Working.”
she thought viciously.
“Why would Peters be in St. Louis?”
“You will,” Mycroft struggled to sound calm. “If not today, then tomorrow or the next day, there is a price on her head now. The only way we can guarantee her safety is to send her back to America and place her in the Witness Protection program. But she must leave
Friday afternoon
, Victor thought, shame sitting heavy in his gut, like a bad, cheap meal. The crack. The frisson. The chink in the armor, the intellect and reason with which he shielded his heart .
She tossed his Smartphone back to him. “Pickpocketed your mobile, found Clara’s text that included Harry’s new girlfriend’s mobile number. I texted her for the entrance code,” she then laughed at Sherlock’s pouty face. “Don’t sulk. Serves you right for trying to show off.”  She then grabbed the sleeve of his Belstaff. “Come on,” Violet Hunter whispered. “John needs you.”
“Apparently.”
“She isn’t coming,” Mrs. Toller said briskly. “She is unwell.”
The cab stopped in front of her block of flats. She paid and got out. She trudged up the stairs, weary to the bone. Humiliation started to penetrate the guilt fogging her brain.
“And you’ve done that,” Peters snorted. “How?”
Chapter Seven: Mysterious Rook Move
“I do,” Sherlock admitted and immediately started worrying she was far too drunk to try any sort of waltz or tango. Plus this didn’t seem to be the type of establishment that encouraged ballroom dancing. Didn’t need to be a genius to observe
Mrs. Holmes completely ignored the joke. “I shudder to think what on earth he tells her about us. She probably hates us as much as he does.”
The Royal Hospital of St Bartholomew
“Too right,” Violet agreed.
The engravers had asked if they wanted a picture etched into the stone, an angel or a teddy bear perhaps but both John and Mary vetoed that notion immediately. Bad enough they were burying a child that never even lived. A tacky etching of a child’s toy or religious symbol was not going to make that wound hurt any less.
“Then what do we do?” Julia demanded. “Look, my people still want the merger to go through. We can’t proceed with MI-6 and Interpol breathing down
However, one could not be best friends with Sherlock Holmes without picking up a thing or two. John did observe how Sherlock no longer looked like the ageless seraph he had met all those years ago at St. Barts. Back then, John couldn’t tell if Sherlock had been twenty-five or thirty-five. Now, John knew Sherlock stood on the very precipice of forty. Pain and exile had taken their toll on his face. Maybe Sherlock could hide his feelings, but he couldn’t hide the creases starting to show along the sides of his mouth. John didn’t know what to call those. They sure as hell weren’t smile lines. But the crinkles that appeared around his eyes when he actually produced a genuine smile didn’t smooth away when he stopped. Most disturbing of all, there were always faint lavender smudges under his eyes, tell-tale signs of sleep deprivation.
“You’re going to break her heart Sherlock.”
Last but definitely not least, stood Jim Moriarty, apparently engrossed with something on his Smartphone. Underneath his heavy overcoat (similar to the one Richard Brook had worn on the rooftop of St Bart’s,) he wore a sleek oily black suit paired with a midnight blue dress shirt and black and blue tie. His shoes were shined to a high gloss. His hair was also carefully combed back and he was now clean-shaven. When he saw Sherlock and Violet enter, he cackled with glee and tucked his mobile into his trouser pocket.
“Sherlock Holmes starts seeing you then only a few months later your boss is dead, shot through the head. Not even three months after that he starts seeing Violet Smith. Then her boss is found dead, shot through the head and her entire office was blown up by terrorists. Now, Violet Smith is missing and you’ve gone to ground here in East-Bloody-Nowhere-Sussex.”
, Sherlock,” John hissed.
Happy Sunday :^)
He didn’t see much blood though… John dared to hope…
His partner, naturally, started leaping to conclusions.
, thank you very much!”
Gang He finally entered the correct code. The garage door rattled as it rolled up.
“Oh,” Victor’s eyes lowered. “He thought he could pray away the gay. Then he thought he could beat it out of me. Now we just don’t talk about it. I act straight. He acts like he believes me.” He shrugged. “He’s an old man. Dad’s loads older than Mum. He’ll die soon and good riddance.” He smiled at Sherlock. “You’re shivering. You’re freezing to death.”
“Profile,” Violet corrected Sherlock.
Friday
“It’s the hint of the invitation, the tease,” Sherlock said, settling back into his chair.
, you will never worry about him or Mycroft ever again. You will be King of England in all but name.”
that John believed his best friend was dead.
“He wanted to dismantle the NHS and install privatized medical insurance because it has worked
“Same difference, really. I’ll ring Will tomorrow. Ask him to put us in touch with Mrs. Hudson.”
“Don’t judge me,” he snarled. “Violet told me it wasn’t worth watching after Season Four, but I have to disagree.” He pulled the ear buds out, his eyes locking on the file under John’s arm. “Case?” his eyes lighting up with interest.
“Afraid so Miss Sm- I mean Violet,” he corrected herself “Again, I do apologize for dropping in on such short notice, but next week is booked solid between work and house-hunting and finding a suitable school for Leigh, my daughter,” he explained.
Mycroft rubbed his temple, appearing to count to ten. “We have substantial reason to belie-“
Instead of answering him, Sherlock said, “Kitty lost everything when we won the libel court case Mycroft insisted on pursuing after I officially returned from my Great Hiatus. She got sacked and no other media outlet would touch her. She had no money, lost her flat and had to move back in with her parents. She became desperate. So she started stalking me in order to get a picture of me and Violet together, to sell it to the tabloids in order to recoup her financial losses.” Sherlock shook his head and stuffed his mobile back into his coat pocket. “Stupid, repellant woman, she lost more than her flat and life savings because of her folly, she lost her life.”
“Hollywood,” Dupin said promptly, only he wasn’t talking about the American city were dreams of stardom were usually obliterated. He was talking about the young black British man who was a member of his
“Stop forcing yourself to stay awake,” John sat up. “That won’t do, especially after having a PTSD nightmare.”
Sherlock smiled, “Is that the question you really want to ask me ? Or would you rather ask me about Victor?”
she had said to her boss, Section Chief Robert Carson, nicknamed “Bear” for his appearance resembling a grizzly bear as well as his gruff disposition.
A guest who had bolted from his seat on  the sofa and cried out delightedly “Sherlock!” and now was hugging him around the waist.
Sherlock flounced out of the flat.
,” he intoned.
“Can’t. Material’s not strong enough to support my weight. It would rip.”
“I needed someone to pick up John. Cab fare out here is astronomical.”
Studying Mycroft’s beady eyes, thin lips and narrow face, his tight composure, Violet knew control to him meant more than anything. Even more than it did to Sherlock. Based on the profile she had been building on Sherlock since she first heard his name nearly eight years ago, she knew Sherlock welcomed a little chaos in his life. Despite his lamentation for the lack of logic and order in the world, Violet knew he secretly believed a bit of a mess was fun. Sherlock was like a tectonic plate, content to lay dormant most of the time but happy to shake things up once in a while, just for kicks and giggles.
Some doctors, like Bodley, stubbornly clung to their papers however.
Out of habit, she tugged the hood of her coat back over her head, wearily remembering that Mycroft probably witnessed her wild ride from Baker Street to King’s Cross.
Violet jumped about a foot and whirled around, gripping the counter behind her. She saw the outline of Sherlock sitting at the scrubbed kitchen table, his feet on the table top.
“I know,” Anthea did not offer excuses or invite pity. She also did not apologize. Mycroft felt another bubble of pride expand his gut.
Nearly.
“Sneak up on me.”
But the Earl remained a threat.
he scrubbed at his eyes. “Don’t get your tights in a twist.”
When the disgruntled security guard approached him, ready to tell them out for stopping in a No Parking Zone, Lestrade pulled rank, pulling his badge out of his back pocket. Showing the guard his identification, he ordered
“William…?” Violet Smith started to say but the name died on her lips.
“Why the fuss?” Mitton interrupted her as she sat down. He took the proffered glass from her with a genuinely appreciative, “Thanks,” and took a long drink. After wiping water from his lips with the back of his hand, he said, “Because it was supposed to be a covert mission, of course. Sherlock made a right dog’s dinner out of it. Cost a fortune.”
“No,” Violet did not quail under Chibs’ interrogative glare. “I’m no angel, but I didn’t kill anyone.” She frowned, then shrugged, conceding, “On American soil anyway,” she mumbled on purpose, waiting for the reaction. When she was sure every Son and MC stared at her in disbelief, she added blithely, “Besides, even if I was stupid enough to kill a US congressman,” she covered her right hand over her left. “I can’t. I’m…”
“Wait, you knew about the
“Different side of the same coin,” Lestrade rolled his eyes. “Evil fucking psycho, po-TAY-to, POH-ta-toe, my point is, you blame Sally as much as you blame Jim-Richard-whatever’s-he’s-actually-called.
John lifted his big blue eyes up at Sherlock. He looked about twenty years younger. “Hey.”
“Shouldn’t we get Violet to a hospital?” John still didn’t like how pale Violet looked.
Sherlock’s voice again, sounding more anguished and desperate than ever.
With trembling hands, Victor put the receiver of the telephone down.
“What if I told you that someone’s safety is absolutely dependent on your leaving it alone?”
Stunned, Violet could only stare at Mary. She tried to form words and failed. So she only nodded, letting Mary go.
the one who’s famous, not Dupin.”
“Understood,” the man nodded then took Irene away. Her long black hair fluttered like a veil as she was carried off.
“I really don’t have much of a choice, do I?” John looked at his puffed-up-ankle.
As the tango reverberated throughout the flat, Violet opened the cupboard and started taking Sherlock’s tea service out, cup by cup. “If you could switch the kettle on, that would be great.”
“You’re still bitter about that?”
“Ah, yes.” Sherlock draped his coat over his arm. Running his hand over the material, he added, “Of course. I’ll… I fetch the spare key,”
Happy Sunday :^)
But Molly managed to retrieve her sweet with the minimum of awkwardness. Munching her chocolate, she made her way to her office.
Dupin shook his head. “They separated the minute they stepped out of the tavern. We would have had to split up, which is exactly what they wanted. Divide and conquer. So we gave them,” He gave John a wide, know-all grin, “Exactly what they wanted.”
He went to Johnny’s door next. He paused, listening. He could hear some God-awful rock song playing on the other side of the door. Jack grimaced. The kid was beginning to acquire horrible taste in music.
“It would solve a lot of problems if John came with,” Sherlock said, “Violet too.”
,” John pointed out.
“There is,” Mycroft leaned slightly forward. “The FBI is offering Witness Protection if you testify in front of Congress the transgressions of Senator Josiah Woodhouse.”
What the hell…?
John would have to wait.
“My brother, of course,” Sherlock poured himself another cup of tea just as the waiter returned with their meals. Sherlock wrinkled his nose as the waiter set Violet’s plate down in front of her. He really wished Violet hadn’t ordered the
The kettle whistled as Sherlock gave John a withering look. “I think you and I are used to dangerous women by now, don’t you think?”
“Bloody pissing match between the Holmes brothers,” Lestrade toed off his shoes then shrugged out of his coat. When Molly furrowed her slender brows in confusion, he explained, “Sherlock and Mycroft aren’t speaking again. So Mycroft, instead of being an adult and picking up a phone, sent a rookie agent to bug Sherlock’s flat. Scared the piss out of that street kid that’s been staying with him, poor mite,” Lestrade plopped onto the sofa with a satisfied grunt and put his arm loosely around Molly’s shoulders. “John and Mary took her home tonight. The lounge is a bloodbath, after Gladstone got through with that sorry excuse of an intruder.”
He arched an eyebrow at her, his fingertips grazing hers.
“Oh, I don’t give a rat’s arse about that little bastard my father got from Trixie Holiday,” Alice snapped coldly. “That tweaker’s brat can be a ward of the state for all I care.”
11 August 2015
“Still?” Victor laughed, shaking his head. “Lord some things never change.”
“Clearly the mobile towers have been sabotaged.”
“Christ, Lettie, that doesn’t matter. The world believes you’re a mathematics professor who retired to take care of her children. The press would have a field day to learn a schoolteacher was really a code-breaker and spy. What if they find out what really happened to Heathcliff, what would they say about William then?”
The realization jolted John out of his stunned inertia.
Everything had gone straight to hell the minute the police officer found John’s gun. Despite following Sherlock’s strict instructions not to resist, the police manhandled John anyway. The handcuffs were just tight enough to be uncomfortable, but not tight enough to completely cut off circulation. The two police officers frog-marching him out of the holiday flat had made sure that John stumbled and bumped into every protruding surface possible.
“By Moriarty’s people?”
But she wasn’t really committed to Sherlock. It was just a prop in an act.
John swiped the message open. He slumped back into his seat in relief, his itchy wrist forgotten.
Anthea closed the gap between them. “Violet Hunter,” she roughly grabbed her shoulder and spun her around. As she began fighting her, Anthea snarled, “You are under arrest,” as she pulled out her handcuffs while forcing her to the pavement.
,” she told him and then said to Mrs. Holmes, “It’s alright, he likes his ears scratched. May I offer you a cup of tea? Or coffee or…?”
Apparently, she didn’t seem to care. Violet now fisted the lapel of his suit jacket while she beseeched him to call it off.
“The Earl is still abusing little boys, to this day. He buys them from human traffickers. Sherlock wasn’t the only child he hurt. He was just one of the first.”
“Yes, and grandparents like old-fashioned things like thank-you notes.”
Texting you address in a bit
“Exactly, Dr. Watson,” Dupin unlocked the passenger side door and opened it for John. While Dupin walked around the front of the car, John reached into the backseat for his parka. He awkwardly pulled it on as Dupin got in and started the ignition. “In an imprecise science, such as profiling, you need precise methods. I can see why Sherlock is fond of you, Dr. Watson.”
“Oh, but we never talk anymore Sergeant, I’ve missed you,” Sherlock drawled as he tried to light a cigarette. His hands shook too badly. “These little chats of ours…”
Victor gaped at him, looking very much like one of the koi fish Violet had vehemently complained about.
“How so?”
“Put the gun down, lad,” Chibs drawled laconically but there was steel in his eyes, “We all know how huge your cock is now.”
“That’s not sleep. That’s passing out. And all your problems will still be there in the morning.”
“I tried to tell you,” Mycroft gave her that infuriating tight little smile again. “But you were too busy trying to run me off the road.”
He wasn’t indulging in his usual daydreams of Victorian England (when people had manners and one was not a social pariah due to his brilliance.)
“Yes.”
“America,” the Professor said promptly. “Salt Lake City to be precise, a closed adoption, unfortunately, but with the Moriarty Code, I can crack that wide open. Nothing would give me more pleasure than to return your little girl to your loving arms.” When neither John nor Mary budged, the Professor wheedled, “How many times has Sherlock promised to find her and has failed to do so? How many hollow reasons has Mycroft given you why he can’t exercise the power to bring a British citizen who was illegally adopted by an American family back to her home country and reunite her with her natural parents, hmm? Sherlock only cares about his image and getting his next fix, be it drugs or the thrill of the chase. Mycroft only cares about keeping the power he has and obtaining even more; for him it’s all about control. I care about you. I care about everyone involved in my business. Happy workers are productive workers. And I need practical busy bees in my hive. Think about it, won’t you?”
“Really? Mary, that’s… that’s great.”
The Copper Beaches
“It’s not a Yes either,” Janine scooped up her keys.
“It is.” He reached for her other hand. “It was against your will. Therefore, it is the same thing.”
She did not sit back down. She stood at her massive office window, staring out. Staring East.
In the end, it didn’t matter… or so it seemed. Violet had been clear across on the other side of the city when Sherlock fell. She found out just like everyone else, through the news.
“I will. I never stopped. Looking, that is.”
, Violet flipped through the yellowing pictures like a deck of cards. They weren’t all of Ford. Some of the pictures were of Sherlock’s ex-boyfriend, Victor Trevor, who actually was a completely selfish bastard. Violet’s nose crinkled whenever a picture of the smiling golden-haired young man appeared.
“Maybe I should have left you in Prague,” Victor spat back as he jerked his coat on. “Oh, and Bruce Willis is one of the dead people the kid sees.”
“You changed your mind… you want to call off the investigation? You want to fire Sherlock Holmes?” Victor ran his hand through his hair, mind whirling now.
No one is as smart as you, Holmie – VS
He crossed his arms over his waist.
Russian. I’m not anymore.”
The second file was much fatter. Violet had been right, the third burned-up body found in the West End had been ruled a homicide. Fortunately, this was not DI Dimmock’s case. Normally it would have belonged to Lestrade, but as he was on his Sex Holiday, it had been assigned to Detective Inspector Walter “White” Mason. If Lestrade had started going grey prematurely then poor DI Mason must had been born with white hair, hence the obvious nickname.
“Oh God,” John grimaced as Violet made a gagging sound and stuck out her tongue.
“Why?”
… but he did catch Anna making cow’s eyes at Susan a time or two, so….. who knows?
I need a shower,
Once she had left, Mycroft reached for a biscuit. Munching, he texted back:
“Shit,” she sighed. “OK, then we’ll just have to admit we talked to Mycroft about Victor. If we don’t tell him before he deduces what we did, he’ll be livid.”
“Dear, no one really knows what they’re doing the first time around, do they now?” Mrs. Hudson looked at Mrs. Holmes and Mrs. Hooper with a knowing smile.
Sherlock did not sit either but stood at attention on Chibs’ left while Chibs sat at one end of the table and Green the other. Vibart sat on Green’s left, Trager on Chibs right. Rat Boy sat next to Trager.
After only a few minutes, Sherlock quickly hit the stop button, as bile crawled up from his gut while tears pricked his eyes. He locked the screen. Still holding the mobile, he pressed his knuckles to his mouth. He tried to control his breathing. He willed himself to hold onto his gorge.
“You have no idea,” she drawled...."
And fresh hell had broken loose.
The London cell is rebuilding.
John’s brow had furrowed “What is that, that wire behind her teeth?”
“But you just said you don’t know me, so why would you…”
Assuming she had stayed in England, of course.
But the bells couldn’t be un-rung and now the two people he held in the highest of esteem and closest to his heart were in mortal peril. Violet forced to leave his side, his life while John shared a bed with a killer.
“Well, I would. Go get your old mother another cuppa since you’re apparently incapable of saying “No, thank you,” like a gentleman.”
Sherlock ignored her jape. “You and I will go to Rucastle’s house at once. I do not wish to delay this any further. We must investigate. The more and more Rucastle tries to ingratiate himself to me and to attempt to intimidate and control you with his ridiculous schedules for the boy and the subtly sexist clothing he forces you to wear, the more I believe he is hiding something.”
“Richard.”
“Hello,” she whispered, focusing on keeping the consonants sharp and the vowels rounded, just like she had back when she was first teaching herself to master the accent. “Fine, thank you,” she rasped out, feeling her legs starting to shake.
He was surprised by the sound of silence. Usually he could hear the wail of a violin or an explosion of an experiment gone horribly awry. Or, in the more recent past, Violet Smith shrieking at Sherlock for something he did that was Not Good while Gladstone barked.
and yes, there will be loads of people there, some of them are even in this restaurant, even though I haven’t received their RVSPs yet!” he raised his voice slightly.
The flat had become so silent the drip from the kitchen faucet had been audible. Sherlock had taken a breath, tried to speak but his powers of speech had completely deserted him.
“Just a moment,” she said in her best ‘Miss Smith’ voice as she placed her finger on the trigger.
“Thank you John,” Violet said archly. “That’s
Mary nodded and slowly opened the massive door.  Violet crossed her wrists in classic, standard police procedure, gun in one hand, torch in other. She shone the light through the room, inching inside. She checked her blind spots, checked the room again. Then she announced in a normal voice, “Clear.”
The little girl approached her but stopped abruptly. “Mummy said I can’t crumple your dress.”
Violet’s jaw dropped open. Swiftly she shut her mouth.  “You riled me up on purpose.”
Violet waggled her left fingers. The light caught on the diamond, sparklingly brilliantly.
“A bit, yes, I suppose so,” John muttered.
“Your fake British accent still irritates me.”
case.”
“Then I do believe everyone best pay Mrs. Lestrade her winnings.”
“So, I’ve been swotting up a bit,” she hugged the book again. “Trying to see how much I’ve forgotten before I enroll. And…” her eyes sought his. “I don’t want to be alone tonight, John. Not after this morning. Even if it means me sitting by myself on the sofa while you watch the news, I don’t want to be alone.”
But he only stared at her in open admiration. Then he laughed. “That’s why I said
Mycroft’s nostrils flared. “That won’t do.”
her for making decisions without me. And even though yes, I probably would be an awful father… she denied me the opportunity to
… Tears pricked her eyes.
“It did not make you bisexual,” Victor told him firmly yet patiently.
And Wiggins liked to deal… just not drugs anymore.
“Right, let’s get to it then,” Sherlock inhaled and then in his usual crisp, detached manner, explained their predicament.
. You of all people know that.”
“Sounds like a monsoon out there,” John cocked his ear towards the windows as the rain pattered against the glass panes. “Got indoors just in time.”
how much was
“S-A-R-A. G-O-V-M-U-X,” he grunted as he started fiddling with the lock. Then there was a loud click and Sherlock pushed the door open.
“Right,” Mary chewed her lip. “Where’s Violet then? What room is she in?”
This was more than a fix. This was the equivalent to a speedball.
Holmes,” Gagnon’s promise did not sound helpful at all.
“Promise?” William’s little birdlike voice was still unusually croaky. “You won’t tell the police?”
“I told you I’d handle the elder brother, you were supposed to handle the younger,” he spat into the mobile.
“Three,” Violet, on the other side, sounded a bit blasé.
The smile faded her face. She looked as she had the past few weeks, a tired, ill woman who had endured too much for too long. Suddenly John had a very, very bad feeling. This story did not sound like a break up story.
Violet slathered the cream on his knuckles. “Haven’t I proven myself?”
“Please,” said the man she knew as Officer Collins, Billy knew as Mitty and Mycroft as Agent John Mitton. He flipped the hood of his black jacket down so they could see him better. “Sherlock told me to come here,” he added, looking at Mary, or rather, her gun.
“My father is the same age as your father and he never once laid a finger on me or judged me for being different.”
“For you to own a handgun?” Lestrade pressed his forehead against Molly’s, wiping her tears away gently with his thumb “No. Of course not. But we’re not buying you a gun, are we? I just want you to be able to shoot mine in case for some reason I can’t. Because I’m telling you right now Molly, if I came home and I saw that bastard Moriarty in
She nodded then laughed, “Go on, you’re dying to go down and look at all those old tombs, those old bones and skulls. Bizet, Chopin, Molière… Jim Morrison.” She then quoted the rock star: “
you might say?”
case, remember that one? That had nothing to do with national security or Mycroft. You didn’t tell me that the boy, Jack Ferguson tried to kill you, with a poisoned dart though a
. Except this particular conference room had caterers (or John had assumed they were caterers) putting the final touches on a buffet-style breakfast spread out on a long, white, plastic-looking folding table. There wasn’t even a proper table cloth.
Chicago…
“We make a new plan,” Sherlock said.
“Oh for pity’s sake, don’t be silly,” John shucked off the oversized dressing gown and slipped underneath the duvet. “This doesn’t bother me one bit.”
Honestly, the best custodian of the Moriarty Code really was Violet. She had no emotional triggers, not like his anyway. She had a solid sense of principles yet wasn’t so rigid that she wasn’t willing to compromise if and when necessary.
Josie gave Violet a bewildered look and Violet smiled encouragingly. So Josie slid off the chair and sat on the floor with Sherlock.
“Yes,” his face now twisted into the very picture of misery. “She died, you see. Suicide.”
“Since I’m using my real accent instead of the Brit one, yeah, Captain Obvious, I do.”
“Don’t we?”
“What about you? Don’t you deserve…” Sherlock spread his hands out then let them fall helplessly. “Don’t you want to come home?” He swallowed hard and added, “With me?”
Additional notes at the end... and thanks for reading! Will respond to comments tomorrow! So! Many! Exclamation! Points!
“So not only were Victor and Sherlock trained in how to sky-dive, but also how to react appropriately in an emergency, like, for example, if the chute doesn’t open. That’s a handy skill to have, to know how to position your body during freefall so you minimize damage on impact. Of course, by-standers said they heard bones crunching. Everyone assumed it was his face and neck, but it was probably his pelvis and wrist breaking they heard. He still has problems with his left wrist from time to time, did you know that?”
“Tell MI-6 I thank them for the stay of execution even though Her Majesty’s Royal Secret Service had issued a license to kill for Magnussen long before I had pulled the trigger.”
“I am not John Watson, I am not going to bow and scrape to your every whim.”
“Just remember what I said,” John growled. “If I don’t hear from you on a regular basis, I’m going to hunt you down and drag you back to London.”
Violet always carried the stolen Sig Sauer with her at all times. Strange men were always sizing her up. Strange women kept staring her down, wondering if she was after their man or the street corner they worked.
Yes, everything had been going according to plan… until two days ago.
“Thank you,” he accepted the outstretched glass and flannel.
She had found it difficult to carry on at what was left of Magnussen’s empire. She had found it even more difficult to find new employment. No one wanted to hire the former PA of that “creepy fucking Dane.” She couldn’t figure out why until one of her former colleagues finally showed mercy and shared what was being said about her behind her back. Since she had admitted she fucked the Freak Holmes, it was being assumed she fucked the Monster Magnussen as well. “They think you like ‘em freaky and pale,” her colleague explained with just a bit of smugness.
She had left the ringer on her mobile on. She just had a feeling she was going to a get a call, as her old boss and friend would say, her “spidey sense” was tingling…
En route to John and Mary’s residence
“They won’t stop,” she whispered as real tears filled her eyes.
Mycroft closed his eyes, feeling a headache coming on. Since John Watson couldn’t be here physically, he had hoped at least to have him on speaker phone.
Difficulty walking, tripping
But the stench from the rubbish and the corpse put John off of the idea of lunch… or eating ever again, actually.
John’s jaw dropped when the bottom of the wine bottle popped open but no liquid gushed out.
London cell as well as the Dublin and Belfast cells has not only bought you time, but spared your life. The wealth of information we discovered at the London cell alone has made it crystal clear to MI-6 that the decision  not to have you immediately killed after you had terminated Charles Augustus Magnussen had been indeed the correct decision.”
Ever since that revelation in Dupin’s spare bedroom, John hadn’t trusted himself to speak at all. Fear paralyzed his tongue.
Green took a step back, balling his fists in frustration.
The CCTV couldn’t even locate him.
She looked at herself in the mirror she had hung over the chest of drawers. Studied her face, making sure it showed no trace of tears.
You said you would! You
shrine
“Of course I don’t want my father to be involved!” Violet muttered, turning to face the sea and the pending storm again. “If my dad was involved in something as terrible as chemical warfare, that means he wasn’t a good man and I
Sherlock and John looked at Dupin’s bare feet then at each other, but they weren’t the only ones. Several tourists gave Dupin sidelong, confused glances. One tourist even said “
was the driving force of their very existence, their reason for living?
. Not. Good.”
“Will you take me home then?”
“She’s alive because she’s smart and she has Sherlock on her side.”
Violet silently congratulated Mycroft, recognizing the simplicity and the genius of his plan. He must have built this garage over the original exit of the tunnel. The tunnel takes him straight to his escape vehicles. A Range Rover, a boring non-descript sedan, a couple of bicycles and a pair of motorcycles that reminded Violet of the dirt bikes she and Michael had ridden for fun when they had lived with their grandmother on her farm.
this, don’t
Against her better judgment, cradling her bleeding hand, she went to consult The Binder.
Extremely Interesting Fact: Mary had attempted to hide her involvement with Maggie’s abrupt sabbatical from Pediatrics when she reported to me what she had learned from Molly. Mary’s voice had pitched up one-quarter of an octave as it always does when she lies.
“I can’t shut my mind on and off like a tap, Victor,” Sherlock flared. “Before I started on the morphine, I had been awake for three days in a row. I was desperate.”
As the color drained from her face and her pupils constricted into pinpricks, Violet tapped out a text and superstitiously slid her mobile towards Sherlock to read:
Bill scrunched up his face, “You sure?”
“Sherlock,” Irene gasped as Dandruff Boy grabbed her roughly by the crook of her arm.
The sixth file was the Copper Beaches Massacre.
He just needed something to
Even though Sherlock hadn’t said it out loud, John could hear the snotty
“You mean, like white noise?” Molly sounded hopeful and looked desperate. Desperate for any solution and hopeful that Mrs. Holmes’ suggestion would actually work.
So, Johnny had nicked it when the old bat wasn’t looking. Then he had nightmares about Nazi Germany for a week after reading it, but he still started his own journal anyway.
“John,” Violet sounded very patient, more
“Oh, well excuse me all the way to hell for not wanting to enable your drug addiction!” Violet put her fists on her hips.
“… I think this is his new security system,” Sherlock whispered.
“Don’t you even consider that for one minute!” Mycroft exploded “Mummy and Daddy will never forgive you if you do. Plus, how do you plan on getting a decent job without a degree?”
“I know the measure of my brother’s help,
The inscription on Oscar Wilde's tomb is from his poem "The Ballard of Reading Gaol" - http://www.poets.org/poetsorg/poem/ballad-reading-gaol
Both Mary and Violet did their best to look awed.
“Sherlock is helping you find him. Or her.”
this entire time?” His face became mottled with rage. “How do we know she’s not going to rat us out?”
"Violet stepped into the doorframe. “Oh my God,” she gasped before she could help herself.
“That’s why he tried to go for the mobile when I was at Susie’s mum’s flat,” Mary rolled her head back in realization. “Stupid me, I thought he was just being spiteful.”
, Violet sighed as she checked her watch, a cheap thing she had picked up in Walgreens. The pretty gold wristwatch she had received from her brother Michael she wore as a bracelet on her other wrist. Once again, it was useless. She had dunked it in a cup of coffee after she had left the MI-6 hangar. It was the only way she could think of to disable the GPS tracker Sherlock had installed in it.
“I never got the chance.”
“Would you be interested,” Violet gave Mrs. Holmes a beatific smile, “In meeting one of Sherlock’s good friends? I know for a fact she’s home. I was planning on dropping by; would you like to accompany me?”
Sherlock’s eyes blazed as he quoted John’s own words back to him: “You two share a last name and parents, but that’s it. We’re your family now. All of us. Mary and me. Lestrade and Molly. Mrs. Hudson. Even Violet. OK?” Then Sherlock dropped his gaze and finished quoting the rest of John’s speech in a softer voice: “We will always find you. We will always protect you. We will always believe in you. We’re the ones who love you, never doubt that.”
evil.
Mrs. Holmes suddenly missed the smell of
It had saved her life too many times to ignore it.
Sunday morning
He looked up when he felt John touching the top of his head. “Lie down,” he ordered him with a predator’s smile, his voice a force of nature, voracious and dangerous.
He frowned.
Let’s have dinner. XX
Lestrade rubbed his eyes. “Sherlock… why didn’t you call me? I told you, time and time again, you could always call me if you had a craving.”
This is where I got the idea of the three cataphiles painting a picture of The Great Wave off Kanagawa in the Catacombs:
Chapter Fifty-nine: Absolute Pin
?” Lestrade struggled to keep his voice down. “Molly dated that bastard before we realized what he was. What happens if that kid is born looking and acting like a mini-you instead of a mini-Molly? Then what? How are you going to protect her and the kid?”
Dupin didn’t deign to give Sherlock a reply, just pulled out a pack of Gauloise cigarettes that Sherlock looked at longingly. But to his credit, when Dupin offered him a fag, Sherlock had just crossed his arms and huffed a very surly “No, thank you,” and slouched down in the passenger seat.
Both Sherlock and Violet looked at each other. “Can’t he catch a break?” Violet rasped.
“Returning to the important subject,” Mycroft snapped in a heated voice. “I’m right, aren’t I, about the Trojan horse ruse?”
Mary wanted to vomit when she finally realized how badly they had all underestimated this man.
, Violet thought as she patted Molly on the back, hoping Molly would pick up the hint that she needed to stop strangling her.
The purpose of the fake crown was to actually smuggle sensitive financial information out of France. The information had been stolen from
“Shame they lust for my clothes instead of my mind.”
he felt safe, here he felt secure. Here he felt like he knew who he was.
, Peters pulled out his iPhone as he waited for the monorail to arrive. He thumbed an app and MapQuest opened. He quickly tapped out the address, typing as fast as an adolescent texting. A cold, cruel smile appeared on his lips when he saw that St. Louis was only four hours away from Chicago.
