# # #
"The car accident." Sherlock sat on the floor and pressed his forehead to John's good knee.
A slow grin spread across his face. So much for ambiguity.
He knew what his younger self would have made of a man like him: middle-aged, wedding ring recently removed, too carefully shaven, clothes too carefully chosen, too nervous. He'd never gone home with that sort of man, never wanted to be somebody's bit on the side. He'd had the luxury of choice, back then.
"Indirectly," he muttered. Was that a bubble?
If that was the case, why wasn't he in the hospital records?
in a stretch of days crammed full of pent-up frustration and fury.
Boxing Day brought a tolerably creative ritual killing. John unexpectedly contributed to the solution when he mentioned an aspect of Zoroastrianism that accounted for the bull's horns.
Presumably Mycroft's fictional disapproval would have been justified had John been a plumber, then. Interesting.
Having a who-can-be-silent-longer contest with Sherlock was like trying to stare down a cat: you only won if your opponent became terminally bored. He cleared his throat. "I would
# # #
“Sherlock. It's just you and me in this room, so who are you trying to convince—”
Caught you out, you wanker, he thought cheerfully. I'm not as dim as you like to think.
There was no sense wasting a kidnapping that included a free car ride when there was heavy shopping to carry, after all, John thought. Besides, it was just a little hard to walk this morning.
# # #
"That was good, figuring out the lip ring was a trophy," he said as the kettle heated.
"Ah, good, you've eaten," he said, and brusquely tipped John forward in his chair, yanked off his suit jacket, thrust the cardigan he'd managed to locate in one of the clothespresses into his arms, and headed towards the bathroom.
“And you can make a career out of that. Amazing.” John licked his lips. “So, um, your rates weren't listed on the website. I was wondering if you had a, um, sliding scale, perhaps?”
In the explosion of controversy that follows for weeks, Robbie can't help but notice that in all the footage, Holmes keeps looking sidelong to Watson for approval and Watson stands like a man who's been mortally wounded but refuses to show it.
Shit, he thought. We're out of milk. And bread. And bacon. I'll have to fetch something for breakfast.
, who continues to make this story much better than it would have been otherwise. All mistakes are entirely my own.
Supper was rich and comforting. He sat across from Greg and counted down the mouthfuls until he could press himself close, soak up that warmth and easy sensuality. He thought about the lube and no condoms on his nightstand and had to take slow, deep breaths.
People in severe sleep deprivation have involuntary microsleeps. He knows this; it's fact; combat medics see it all the time. The mind flickers off and on, trying to snatch sleep in dribs and drabs in order to keep functioning. And that's what had happened to him: he'd fallen into a microsleep in the barber's chair just as the man was wetting down his hair and woke as he was being toweled.
So he had intended to return to the flat five hours ago but never arrived.
Sherlock's generous mouth sliding down John's abdomen meant,
There was also the added complication that some unobservant idiots—and it has been established that John is often an idiot—might think the young man bears some slight resemblance to John's flatmate. It really would not do for John to come to this erroneous conclusion. It might make things...awkward. Sherlock had grown accustomed to a high degree of ease between John and himself, and refused to allow anyon—any
—the man's fingers were
The two men in his office now were his best chance to do so, and anyone who wasn't frankly terrified by that wasn't sane.
Sherlock slid into the seat beside him, Tobin at his heels. The door shut and there was no more sound from within. John watched the estate as if he could stare through the chassis by force of will alone.
"It's not particularly thrilling to watch you lie there and think, Sherlock."
John's head was spinning a bit. Helen had been telling him about Maxwell's knack for picking slow horses and how somebody named Robbie (whom she seemed to think he knew) had been in Greece recently "for the obvious reasons" when from behind his left shoulder had come That Voice.
“When it was over, I found out the kid had disappeared. They said they’d turned him loose.”
Everything had been all right after that, until they'd been eating and John's eyes lit up as he talked about the
and John told him so over and over. He couldn't even imagine what it was going to be like when the man had more experience. Probably fatal for John, but what the hell, it was a good way to go.
"You didn't." Sherlock's hand rubbed circles over his abdomen. "Sleep. I'm keeping watch."
Damn the arrogant bastard.
As it turned out, Helen knew
Back in his car, Greg turned the ignition and then sat for a couple of minutes, considering what he'd just left and what awaited him at home. If he was ever lucky enough to have someone look at him the way John Watson looked at Sherlock Holmes when he wasn't hiding anything, he hoped he'd be brave enough not to give a shit whether it was a man or a woman either.
# # #
he recalled from the doctor's therapist's notes. He closed his eyes.
"I apologize. I'm afraid I miscalculated," (and oh, John would never know how difficult it was to say that so lightly, as if it were nothing of significance), "pushed him too far and panicked him into this. I don't imagine you were prepared to deal with such a declaration at this time."
“I don't need you for this. Go back to Mycroft. You're useless to me here.”
“I would prefer you stayed closer to the Heart Centre.”
# # #
"—structure of the garden is a nod to Oudolf's early work. Mycroft must have followed Piet's career from the beginning."
# # #
John remembered their first time, very like this. How much of what he'd thought was Sherlock's impatience with foreplay had actually been inexperience? Nearly all, he decided, shucking his clothing and lying to press skin to skin, given how devoted he'd been to exploration and greedy for touch ever afterwards.
John had been gone for days, light and dark following light and dark, and he wasn't sure how many it was because he'd lost count after the second morning when he'd decided to start licking the nicotine patches because it was a more efficient delivery method. If John couldn't be in his blood then something needed to fill that emptiness and nicotine was the least terrible thing that might do it.
# # #
he whimsically imagined assuring them.
“I'm not,” he agreed. “I like it and you never tell me not to do it again.”
"Oh, God, I am
He jerked awake and heaved breaths in through his nose, stripped off his sweat-soaked shirt and pressed his forehead against his knees. He was glad Sherlock was wherever he was out of the room so there were no witnesses to the shameful whine he couldn't seem to stop.
His wife should have understood.
“Waterhouse has the drive with the evidence. Tobin was a witness. It was the best I could arrange under the circumstances.” Sherlock leaned close and said softly, “What happened?”
So, with their eyes locked, he shook his head fractionally and felt the fragile, newborn rapport between them flare and die. Face tight, Sherlock shoved open the door and kicked it shut behind him. Footsteps pounded down the corridor, and all the oxygen in the room drained away.
looked at twice. And everybody would admit that after a few pints with friends, yeah? Everybody's done
# # #
He stiff-armed the door open and strode off down the corridor, coat swinging, calling behind him, “Well? Are you coming? I'm sure they'd let you keep his feet warm if you'd rather stay here.”
"Ooooh," said John.
# # #
"If you two could be bothered to remember that we are dealing with a case of possible
He stayed high as often as he could.
Shit.  Decision time. Continue to follow the mad genius with a tendency to risk his life to prove his cleverness who was currently headed into enemy territory with no other backup, or follow said genius's urgent instructions (no punctuation or capitalisation—therefore very bloody urgent) and turn back to protect a high-ranking member of the shadow government who was, incidentally, his brother?
A punch in the shoulder spun him around, and he was falling, falling. Murray was shouting,
“How far?”
wear one."
Once he saw the evidence, Sherlock would know who in Mycroft's household could be trusted to detain Fitzhugh, and Mycroft's phone would give him clearance to place the orders to do so.
# # #
It ought to have felt a lot stranger than it did. After all that time, all the wondering and worrying, it shouldn't have felt so easy. Maybe it was because he'd learned in Afghanistan to take what each day offered that he was able to simply let go and move his hands to Sherlock's own buttons.
My beloved beta
"Right. Mind putting the cheese and the milk over there, thanks? That one's got bread and eggs in it, so keep it on the top and don't let the cans roll over on it, yeah? And don't shake up the beer."
So John just brought his clean hand up to stroke the flushed face next to his, and if there was an unusual amount of sweat trickling down Sherlock's temples and John's throat was too tight to speak, well, neither of them would mention it afterwards.
"I'm adding a coda to the agreement. Do not go to Mycroft for anything, do not exchange favours with him, do not take gifts from him, do not do anything he tells you to—"
He takes a deep breath. Right. He's not going to judge. It would be hypocritical, just the sort of thing the know-nothing dicks do to his dogs. He won't be like that.
was instrumental in making this a far better story than it would have been otherwise.  Cover her with rose petals and gold and precious oils, for she has earned it.
She kept her eye on the road and said evenly, “Knew you wouldn't want it, sir.”
He sucked in a breath to—what? Protest? Beg? He honestly wasn't sure. Then Sherlock rolled his erection into John's groin, ran his palm up across a nipple, and groaned into John's mouth, and the last coherent thought John could remember at all was,
Sherlock was closer to Mycroft. “Pull out that IV!” John ordered, already executing a rugby tackle on Banks that he would certainly pay for tomorrow. “Insulin—pull it out!”
He glanced at her, snorted, and skimmed his eyes away. Stopped. Thought. Noticed how he kept
Greg had lines of pain and weariness around his eyes when he stripped off his overcoat in the foyer, and the hitch in his movements suggested recently strained stitches. The tired, bright smile spreading over his face when Mycroft traded him whisky for coat set Mycroft's stomach fluttering.
Don't do that, John. Don't. Don't." And the hands gripping John's hateful jacket had pushed him against the wall, dragging his body upward, and this time it wasn't for the sake of John's fantasy but because Sherlock wasn't frightened anymore, he was
Sherlock raised a miserable face and John could have laughed but it was too heartbreaking. "I'm not leaving you. I just...don't know if this is the right thing just now. That's all. All right? Please use your voice, I'm worried I've scared you mute. I'll get struck off for that."
That was not acceptable at all.
"John." Sherlock had turned to put a shoulder on the brick and was looking at him with peculiar intensity. "The case is over now."
reacted to John as well, which was not at all acceptable. Since Mycroft had forcibly separated them early in the event and blocked his every attempt to make his way back to John's side ("He has a job to do, Sherlock, and so do you. Please try to remember that."), he had worked out all sightlines in the room and positioned himself to scowl unblinkingly at the women attempting to be inappropriate with his partner. This invariably drove off the interlopers within minutes.
"You've had two knocks to the head, then?"
John dropped his face into his hands, the lines of his body speaking eloquently of despair, of mourning, of
"What?" he snarled, immediately returning his mouth to—how had John's shirt become unbuttoned?
"Surgeons."
"—and the geckos are hanging right there at eye level, just
John lifted his head in time to see Lestrade look as though he'd just swallowed a tarantula. Not meeting Sherlock's eyes, he muttered roughly, “You want a ride or not? This is coming out of my sleep.”
He ran through the possibilities swiftly. "If I hadn't eaten the curry, it would have gone off anyway and you still wouldn't have had any," he said defensively. "You were asleep and not eating it and I didn't want to get up. It was a bit dodgy as it was."
Seconds later, his incredulous brain further noted,
And so when the car parked on Baker Street Sherlock ended up lagging behind for a moment whilst John went upstairs to pack a few things. "I must apologise," he said and then turned away, flipped his collar up against the wind, and opened the street door, leaving them open-mouthed.
Some time later, the all-but-inaudible sounds of surreptitious and rather bitter masturbation.
Mycroft was brilliant, properly brilliant, and he never tried to make Sherlock dull or treated him like a weak, pathetic alpha to be sequestered away for his own protection, and Sherlock was going to be just like him and they would be amazing together.
"The thing is," John said thickly, not raising his face, "the thing is, you don't think you've done anything wrong. That's what really scares me. You genuinely don't understand consent, and that is truly frightening."
“What did you think?”
The phone pinged softly.  John glanced at the screen and blinked at the message sent from his own mobile.
Mycroft."
“Yes, it’s mutated. But—” John sneaked a glance out of the corner of his eye to find Sherlock staring rigidly at some point over John's right shoulder. “—but it survives. It is not what it would have developed into without disruption, but it is capable of all the necessary processes of life: it respires, it eats, it excretes, it's even capable of reproduction, which is a luxury process.”
John had spent the last eighteen hours giving orders and being immediately obeyed without question. Sherlock's legs folded and his arse hit the plastic seat as if his strings had been cut.
"Anthea will ring you with the address. Is an appointment this morning acceptable? Very good. In return, I wonder if you would be inclined to do a small favour for me? There's an event tomorrow evening, a gathering of new-media users like yourself, John. I understand your blog has a small but devoted following. I would be interested in knowing what you think of the presenters. Your new suit would be acceptable attire."
# # #
“It's nothing.”
Everybody send love and affection to
to do and these imbeciles won't give me access." John winced when a fresh bloom of blood appeared on the formerly white shirt as Sherlock threw his limbs about.
“Right, that's torn it.” Greg hauled Sherlock up by the elbow—oh, fucking hell, his
“No.” John quickly turned before the glow could dazzle his vision.
Mycroft continued, "You would of course wish to begin making connections, talking to parents about school choices and the like, planning for the future."
# # #
The two men bristled at each other for a long moment before Sherlock wordlessly, contemptuously,
It was efficient; it was elegant. Sherlock, the Work, and John. Yes. And John would like it. He would see how very clever the plan was and shake his head admiringly and say, "Brilliant!"
John wasn't ever clear afterwards just what had been done by whom, but when he came to his senses some moments later, his shirt was untucked, Sherlock's hand was underneath it and roaming freely over his nipples, there was a purpling love bite below Sherlock's ear, both pairs of trousers were tented (definitely ruining the line), his hands were on Sherlock's arse (not wearing pants), and he thought he might have a concussion from inadvertently smacking his head against the wall. No question about it: that was definitely a come-on.
The trousers wouldn't come down far, not with Sherlock's legs spread wide enough for John to kneel between, but it was far enough for John to get his hand in and Sherlock's cock out, to press his forehead to a too-lean belly and pull the foreskin up over the glans with his lips until he could play with it with his tongue. Honest to God, he didn't know how Sherlock was staying upright, and the way his hips jerked would surely mean a lumbar sprain but no, no, they were
# # #
The blip on Mycroft's phone led them to an abandoned car on a spur of road behind a hedgerow. After some investigation they found John's mobile switched off and wedged deeply between the seat and backrest on the passenger side.
(See the end of the chapter for
#                    #                    #
John didn't even have to think very hard to spot the loophole there. He remained standing and only looked longingly at the food once.
Sherlock tucked the skull onto the mantle, shifted it six centimetres to the left, one and a half back to the right, rotated it twenty-six degrees anti-clockwise, and then took his hand away even though the skull wasn't optimally positioned because he
he muttered around a mouthful of yeasty sugar, and delicately spat out another currant.
Sherlock snorted inelegantly. "Ashton. I suppose that amused you."
Now they were on the bed and John didn't know how that had happened or where their clothes had gone and he really, really didn't care because he'd kept hold of the lube, which was the important thing. For a bloke who had never given nor received a blowjob until three weeks ago, Sherlock was bloody
"Difficult marriages are nothing new, John. People find ways of coping. When the union is not what one had hoped, there can be other compensations. Children, for example. Arrangements could be m—"
"But you
like one of those bloody vampires on telly, making Harris jump, and said, "I'd like to speak with your employer. Now that my brother is out of the way, I believe we can negotiate mutually satisfactory terms."
7.) Because it did not matter what form the brilliant, incandescent, attractive force that was Sherlock wore. The heart within that body had been calling to John's since the beginning of time, and he could no more refuse it than he could ignore gravity, and with the same consequences.
“A medical air-evacuation for two was ordered at Mycroft's.” To Tobin, in the driver's seat, he said, “Hoxton. Gopsall Street. Come on!” John's shoulders smacked the backrest as the car leapt forward. “John, phone Bill Murray and ask what's happened to Mycroft.”
But he couldn't speak because he couldn't breathe. If he could just speak he could make John understand. John would see how ridiculous it was to fuss about this like Mrs Hudson fussing about the walls.
Exciting, that: his new flatmate. John Watson was a locked-room murder, an undiscovered poison, a hidden motive, and Sherlock would be living with him, able to observe closely and tease out all his secrets. He shivered with anticipatory delight.
Sherlock's nose wrinkled. “Reverting to barracks vocabulary. How attractive.”
expect fidelity, John. Do remember what I said about corpses."
“You're not wrong.  What's your name, by the way?”
Several minutes later, his heart at last slowed to a mere gallop and he regained sensation in his extremities. His sense of hearing appeared to be returning as well, because he could finally make out Sherlock bitching at him.
they will find the fucker who did that to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I didn't." Jesus, but Donovan was like a bloody terrier with a chew toy. Greg just wanted to enjoy his coffee in peace, not go over her new favourite topic yet again. He wished he'd never left that damned paper on his desk yesterday, although if it hadn't been his copy it would have been someone else's. There was never any chance the Yard wasn't going to hear about
"Do you trust me?"
fling it at his unrepentant, foolish head. At last he blew out his breath and said, "I can't fix this one for you, Sherlock. I could have made the register entry disappear but too many people have seen the announcement. He will find out. It will be much worse if it doesn't come from you first." He rapped the pages of the report square and dropped the folder into his briefcase. "You have until tomorrow afternoon. That's when we three will be hosting a small luncheon, ostensibly to introduce John to the people you'll be investigating. Someone is bound to mention it to him then."
Murray rose and nodded to Sherlock—and just how
He slammed the refrigerator door shut, clapping a hand over his mouth and trying not to breathe through his nose.
It was bloody hard to look into a stranger's face and shoot him. How much harder was it when you knew the man you were shooting?
# # #
By the time he admitted he needed more data, John had left the flat again. Sherlock frowned. Why was he still doing that? They had an agreement.
When he gets home that evening to start his leave, he finds that Casey has quietly and—he knows this is the truth—
The car had stopped on the way here. The blip on Mycroft's phone had shown the stationary car and then Sherlock had texted him and told him to go back to Mycroft. The text hadn't been in his usual style at all. Was that a clue? Had he been forced to send it? Had Harris searched him whilst Sherlock was driving and discovered the mobile? How would he even have done that, the way Sherlock was driving? And why leave it in the car, in that case?
"Not important," Sherlock said hastily. "I place myself in your capable hands, Dr Watson."
Once upon a time, before he'd met the Holmeses, he'd been considered a reasonably clever bloke. He doubted he'd ever feel that way again.
"Who's that?" Across the room, John's head lifted hopefully.
But then, John had texted him to come out to the pub a few days ago, that day he was dealing with paperwork up to his bloody eyeballs and hadn't even left the office until half eleven. Maybe he'd been going to tell him then.
Pleased with himself, he'd started to describe the technique to him over lunch, the first meal of their day because they'd slept until early afternoon. Before he'd even explained the injury, Sherlock had abruptly declared "Boring" and pushed away from the table. John'd sat until his soup was cold, then had left his food on the table, taken his coat, and gone walking.
# # #
"John. Have a seat, we may be here a while."
“We are running out of time,” Holmes is snapping to Lestrade when Robbie gets there. “He wasn't killed here; that's a false trail,
"I swear to God, he hasn't had any amphetamines. He's just like that this morning."
“Sherlock.” Five strides carried him across the open space, close enough to slide the fingers of one hand into wet hair and close the other in the cotton of a tight-fitting shirt.
"Until recently, Sherlock's abilities have attracted only passing interest among certain of my peers. His little cases had been local in impact and no official notice had to be taken of an eccentric younger brother with a drug problem who dabbled in solving crimes as a hobby. His involvement with Jim Moriarty changed that. His lifestyle and talents have come under close scrutiny and there is going to be increasing pressure to bring him into the fold and under someone's control."
got Mycroft out the door in a towering snit and was feeling positively triumphant until the arrogant prat paused on the threshold.
Sherlock was silent for so long that John started to get up, only to hear him say, low and rough, "I kill you, you know. In my dreams. You die because of me, because I didn't keep you safe, because I wasn't clever enough or fast enough and I didn't see the danger in time. You die and I follow."
The phone was a cheap, low-end model with little memory. Clothing good quality but outdated, likely from a consignment rather than charity shop, and slightly loose on his frame despite having been recently purchased: money problems, more than just the difficulty of affording London alone on an Army pension. Gambling, not for money but because he was bored and chasing a thrill. Oh, this man was
He sent the text, counted to ten, and nodded to Tobin, both of them ducking inside. A quick scan told him Sherlock had no immediately obvious injuries, thank God, but he was less than pleased to see them.
The suit
# # #
What did he do?" he asked the bodyguard.
“Thank you, that won't be necessary,” Sherlock said. “We'll make our own way from here.”
“I'm not leaving you alone with them. Tobin might not—”
about
he'd ever pulled, not yet understanding about himself, not yet knowing he could like both tits and cock, but knowing he wanted
"Hello, we haven't properly met. I'm Sherlock."
"Not enough data. Well co-ordinated attack,
Apparently not unforgivable after all.
The alley smelt of piss and fermenting rubbish, rain drummed on his face (he deliberately did not think about what it was probably doing to his lovely suit), and he slumped against a wall and heaved with breathless laughter. Right there, on his left side, close enough to feel the warmth shimmering off his lanky body, Sherlock tilted his head up against the brick, feral eyes glinting, dark curls plastered to his forehead by rain and sweat. John raised questioning eyebrows, and by way of an answer Sherlock opened his hand to display a small electronic prototype bagged in—yes, that was one of John's socks.
"Of course I was. Why would I ever have bothered with it before?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John snorted good-naturedly and pushed at his chest until his head rested on the pillow. "Let me do this."
The man was vaguely familiar, but John couldn't quite—“Stamford, Mike Stamford,” he said, offering his hand, and now John could place him. “Heard you were abroad somewhere dry and sunny. Why on earth did you come back? Come on, come on, get out of the rain. I'll buy you lunch and we can catch up, if you've nothing on.”
In addition to caring, it appeared trust was essential.
“Well, we'll just prove that now,” Lestrade says steadily, and Robbie and Ava go to work.
John's appetite evaporated.
"Nothing. Well, nothing much; it's annoyingly heat-resistant. I've only been able to melt the pull on the zip so far, although I have hopes for the explosive antimony if it's concentrated on—"
"—and he's never met Mr Holmes the younger, Sir, so naturally he thought that when you had visited them that day it had been to attend the ceremony, and as a result he classified this as low priority."
The man turned from hanging up his suit jacket and came to the bedside, where Greg had been invited to sit but was standing instead. “There are condoms and lubricant in the nightstand,” he said, not touching yet. “I must insist—”
"Oh?" He glanced up and wished he hadn't; Sherlock had come still rumpled from bedding his partner, hoping, no doubt, to provoke a reaction of disgust. He refused to allow the childish tactic to succeed. "Am I wrong? Had he said yes to you in the half hour between when I left the flat that day and when the car came for him? Was he so overcome with the need to be yours he couldn't wait until he'd returned? Then tell me why he wears no ring, Brother, because if John Watson ever made that commitment he
"I'll be just a moment."
To tell the truth, he'd been a bit hesitant to call Sherlock out for this one. He was pretty sure it was a case Sherlock would consider dull, dull,
Mycroft squinted at him, blinking rapidly. “Pass.”
John looked down at the very, very pink corpse. “Why am I here, exactly?”
“Yeah, all right. I remember what you told me. I won't leave him.”
“You know I can't confirm or deny that,” the colonel replied with heavy irony.  “But until I receive other orders, I'm following the last one I was given.”
"Don't ever keep something like that from me again."
He pressed the package back into her hands. "Why don't we keep this for later and surprise John? Perhaps Christmas?"
Then they'd been tearing at each other's clothes and Sherlock had wrestled a naked, aroused John into his room and thrown—
“I saw her name in the casualty report.  I sent you my condolences.”
When he could speak again, he rolled his head to look at an unbearably smug Sherlock. "That...was amazing."
A round of applause, please, for
"Standing right here," said John, "and able to speak for myself, thanks."
He hadn't realized until Sherlock had flounced off just how much he'd looked forward to his approval, how much he'd counted on being able to share this with him, how hopefully he'd waited to see that mouth curve into a slow smile and silver eyes shift towards green at a lazy "Good, John, very good." Because who else could he tell? Stamford would understand the challenge, but John couldn't talk about it with him or anyone else who didn't have proper clearance, and "anyone without clearance" was everyone John knew bar the Holmes brothers.
John drew it out as long as he could, until the pleasure was so sharp he was nearly blind and he needed to come so badly his balls ached and Sherlock was thrashing beneath him. Then he made himself stop. He pressed Sherlock's hips still and curled over him, straining for breath, gasping, “Wait, wait, not yet, I want more. God, make it last. I want you, I want you so much, I want it all.”
Another pause. "Let me guess. This agreement, it's convoluted and offensive and involves you getting to order me around."
Jason tells her to find death-scent. It's the hardest one to teach; you can give a dog blood or bits of grey matter to explain what you want him to find, but explaining you want
Any other time, John would have been stunned enough by that word from Sherlock to leave him open-mouthed, but the body beneath him spasmed and he was lost. He doubled over, drove in hard enough to shove Sherlock across the blanket on the floor, dug his fingers into bony shoulders in a desperate search for leverage, and came so hard he saw stars.
# # #
"Let me explain this to you another way. You, hmm,
"Still," he ordered again, and Sherlock fisted the sheets into knots trying not to buck his hips as John adjusted them both, licked his lips, and slowly lowered himself onto Sherlock.
“There's a different department for that.”
Greg told himself.
Robbie liked dogs. He understood dogs. Jamie had been the best cadaver bitch he'd ever been privileged to see work, the reason he’d gotten onto the Dog Unit to begin with. An absolute bloody genius of a nose, but she got sod-all respect because know-nothing dicks got weirded out around dead things.
He and Natalie haven’t been doing well for a while. Robbie knows a lot of that is his fault. He's not good at talking, never has been, and Natalie needs words. He tries to show her in all the ways he does know but it's not working. He's afraid to say anything these days for fear of making things even worse, but the silence is doing just as much harm, it seems. This is the most important relationship he's ever been in, he's fucking it up, and he doesn't know how to fix it.
Or, well, no, because that would be hard to explain no matter what. But the
interesting."
# # #
"It did, actually."
"Mycroft would prefer it not be treason. That's always messy."
He supposed he should have been offended to have his person used to slake desire engendered by a bovine dairy product, but John was becoming pleasingly skilled at fellatio and it gave him a chance to reacquire his phone.
Mycroft rose and stood nose to nose with his brother. "John is not Victor, and because he is not, I am making him a different kind of offer. And for your sake I kept that young reprobate out of prison, if you recall. For
as the worst that potential flatmates should know about each other.
To every single person who commented, subscribed, left kudos, and lurked: Thank you for taking the time out of your day to engage with this story. I'm deeply grateful that you chose to do so.
Harassing the swans. He was going to get another ASBO, and it was going to be for harassing the bloody swans that had knocked him near-senseless. He glanced again at the calendar of John James Audubon prints hanging behind the constable's desk and knew he had no chance of getting out of this one. His requests to make a phone call had been punted into administrative limbo and he was certain that if he tried to make an issue of it the constable would find a reason to leave him sitting in his wet pants for another three or four hours.
, so please send her virtual biscuits and hugs. All mistakes are my own.
There was a long silence. Sherlock kept his eyes closed even as John fought an internal battle between handing Sherlock his own laptop and punching him in the testicles.
“You'd been an idiot and gone to work for Mycroft despite all the times I'd warned you not to have anything to do with him! He was sending you away. You'd let him get his hooks in you and he was sending you off to
"He doesn't esteem the institution in itself, no, but he does understand it has meaning for
The case was only a 7, but Sherlock ranked it as Significant and filed it in a prominent place in his memory.
“I have realised that, yes.” But the annoying child had been holding him back when he needed to get to John. That Army thug had pinned John against the wall with a forearm against his throat and John had been struggling reflexively, his eyes seeing mountains and sand and knives and
“That's...weirdly romantic.”
The tyres scraped along the low wall of the kerb and he jerked the steering wheel sharply, rocking the car on its shocks.  The idiot in the other seat squawked and Sherlock vindictively bumped the tyres again
“What is it you hope to accomplish by killing me? You can't possibly avoid capture. You'll be in custody before morning.”
"Hmm." It was not agreement, and John noticed. "Peace, John. Surely you can't deny me a brother's concern?"
"Send it back. You're not taking anything from Mycroft, I told you that, it's in the agreement." Sherlock reached for the hem but John snatched the jacket close and cradled it like a sleek black impact-dispersing infant. Turning his back to Sherlock, he held it up again by the shoulders and just gazed at it. The thing was designed to trigger every masculine pleasure receptor in the human body. It made John want to retire to a closet with it and—
“Useless, you're
was that with Sherlock, the explanation could be literally anything, and you just absolutely never knew when it was the obvious thing and when it was something...else.
"Then don't pull."
it, I knew you weren't listening to me. I told you in any military society technologically advanced beyond swords that wouldn't—no. No. This won't work. I'm not falling for it. I'm not arguing with you and I'm not leaving. And what did you do to your thumb?”
Desire was a slow burn, stirring embers rather than a conflagration. The mouth against his was soft, the hands moving over his back deliberate, their breathing deep and relaxed.
"You appear to be the easiest target," he said, "the least well guarded and the one most likely to talk without realising what you've revealed. We'll let them come to you."
"Security, John," he said gently. "I have a safe-house being prepared for you but you will not be permitted to leave the grounds until it is ready and you certainly will not go on foot. Walk in the gardens with me." He added, "He won't be there. You won't see him."
Sherlock tossed him an unfamiliar dressing gown and tipped his head towards what John assumed was an en suite bathroom.
Mycroft said it aloud for John's benefit. "Catch the spy and we'll have his master. Tell us everything you remember about the conversations you had today."
He rolled his eyes. "We only need the
Good. That was settled, then.
Wait. Why had John asked Mycroft about a suit? In fact, why had John asked Mycroft
Robbie liked Holmes, too. People who meant one thing but said another troubled him. When body language and words weren't congruent, he was always waiting for the stab in the back that was surely coming. Dogs never did that, never pretended to like you when they didn't. When Holmes didn't like you, he said so. You knew where you stood with him. Also, Holmes had the good sense to smell things as well as look at them, which just showed he was less of an an idiot than most humans.
who beta'd this and made it better than it was originally. All blunders are my own.
“Evening,” Greg said, and wished like hell he could think of something else to say. “Uh, buy you a drink?” Damn it, wrong way 'round, and he inwardly winced and kicked himself.
It took him a long moment to puzzle out what John meant, but when he did—
Mycroft was the best and most wonderful brother anywhere, ever, and possibly the best and most wonderful
"No," said John.
"It...wouldn't have to be false. We could..."
They met in Mycroft's sitting room afterwards to share information.
"No, no, it was perfect. Now he can't—"
Greg set the bag and coffee firmly on his desk. “Let me save us some time. You don't need money and I haven't got any anyway. I won't compromise an investigation and I won't lose evidence for you. Whatever you think you can blackmail me for—”
# # #
But while Mycroft Holmes could personally wrap the entire British government around John Watson to protect him, he could not promise he would not someday require the man to be sacrificed for the greater good, could not promise he would never use John to force Sherlock's hand, and if that day came he would do what he must without hesitation and without remorse. And he would not lie to his brother. At least he would not do that.
Mycroft did not make a sound. He nodded. Stood. Collected his coat. Paused on the threshold. Cleared his throat twice. Said, “Agreed,” and walked away.
"What?" he said as Sherlock bit at his throat and bucked his groin hard against the hand pressed between them. "You want it rough? Okay."
"Well, I'm hardly doing it on purpose. I'd rather like to avoid being coshed in future." He flipped the phone over. "Ha! Twice the memory of the old one. Thank you, Mycroft; Harry will spit when I tell her."
Later that night, hours after John had pulled a bloodied set of cufflinks from his flesh ("I knew this would happen.") and serviced an exceptionally demanding lover, Sherlock perched on the back of his chair and glared at John's new armour hanging on the door. That wild, mad feeling rose in his chest again, the one that made him shake for a cigarette, for cocaine, for heroin, for anything to be numb again rather than deal with this sensation of impending loss of something vital when he looked at the jacket and translated Mycroft's primary message to him:
"He refused to be treated until he could see you, Sir," the bodyguard offered with an air of a man ensuring that responsibility for possible gangrene would not fall to him.
"John. Just let me—"
It was a large picture frame, pink and gilt, with garlands, bluebirds, rosebuds, interlocked rings and love hearts. There was
Any potentially awkward question about who would sleep where later that night were answered when Sherlock collapsed shortly after orgasm, sprawling over John's mattress and burrowing into the pillows. Whatever he'd been doing the night before, it clearly hadn't included sleeping.
A sound like a slurred lisp had Sherlock bedside in an instant. Mycroft's eyes slitted open and his fingers twitched. “Fit. Fitz,” he managed.
to walk you through that deduction?” He huffed. “Most people checking for concussion just ask who the prime minister is, but I suppose in your family that's never mattered much.”
# # #
# # #
Even as he was jerking upright, trying to kick free of the blankets and roll, Sherlock's voice was saying, "Car, John, backfire. Just a car." Sherlock's arm was still flung over his waist where it had been when they'd fallen asleep, but wisely he had not tried to restrain him.
"Not my problem."
had horrified him. Yes, horrified. That was a terrible, awful thing. Very bad. And he'd left his dogtags at home and Mycroft surely locked his office.
What could he say but yes?
Tobin was between him and Harris. “Go and watch the door.
"I assure you that
He scrubbed at his face with his hands. "Assume I haven't heard anything you've said for the last five hours."
He felt the fingers of his free hand pried open and a small vial set into his palm. “You still think I'll get bored and leave you. Why can I not make you understand? I use simple words, but you don't understand. Your grasp of science is deplorable. You're
"Oi! What the hell do you think you're doing?"
Sherlock's mouth twitched. "Bravery."
Mycroft regarded the document in his hands. John Watson was a man of exceptional talents, it seemed, including the ability to be in a Dublin surgery and a London registrar's office at the same time.
Intriguing. Why would John Watson be in need of a good suit? Besides the obvious fact that his current clothing was beyond deplorable, he was rarely in circumstances that required one. Mycroft observed more closely. Oh.
He was right, though. He'd been right about quite a lot. Maybe he was right about the limp, too.
John laid the back of his hand on the seat. “They can't have got far,” he said, ducking back out of the door and turning to scan the edges of the field through the drizzle. “Seat's still a bit warm. Key's in the ignition, so either someone's planning to come back or they've ditched the car.” To himself he breathed, “Where
"Yeah. He's off looking for the lips now."
Oh, Christ. Please, God, not that, because last night had been far from John's best performance and how rubbish would that be for anyone's first time?
"You get to have sex with me. It's a fair trade."
Keeping his eyes fixed on the ornamental pond barely visible through the murk, he said, "You've met Sebastian Wilkes. Imagine a group of young men like him: boys of privilege from families with the influence to make youthful indiscretions disappear, raised with a sense of entitlement and the knowledge there will be no consequences for their actions. No responsibilities, no obligations, no purpose, unlimited wealth and with it the means to assuage boredom in whatever ways they please, all of them urging one another to greater and greater excesses. Can you imagine a more fearsome pack of wolves? Sebastian was not by any means the worst of them. Victor outstripped him by orders of magnitude."
"My apologies." Mycroft tipped his head but his eyes never shifted from the angry pale ones in front of him. "If you agree, we could use you today, as soon as you can be ready to travel. A rather delicate situation involving reconstruction in a dominant hand; an excellent candidate for experimental surgery, I am assured."
thought John.
It was the kind of madness John had never expected to have in his life again.
# # #
"Here, call him. I'm going to get your scan set up."
to be here.  You can stop waving that thing in my face.”
John frowned and squinted at him. “You have a black eye.”
"Shut up." The handcuffs had been right there on the nightstand, where Sherlock had been practicing picking them before John had left, and Sherlock had straddled him, clamped his heated, struggling body between his thighs, and cuffed both of John's hands to the headboard.
John was sitting on the edge of the bed, elbows on his thighs, head low, staring at the floor.
# # #
Sherlock had kissed him hard and John had pulled back, gagging and spitting. "Jesus, what the hell have you had in your mouth?"
John twitched interestingly before considering and finally pronouncing, “No.” A comprehensive search of John's possessions moved from number 8 to 3 on Sherlock's list of priorities. John adjusted the pillow behind him and continued, “Looked up your blog last night.”
“Mrs Hudson, why don't you leave now before John scalds himself further with that tea? The next injury may occur in his lap.”
When he came home, just pissed enough that he couldn't take any of the effective painkillers but not enough to take the edge off, there was a box on his bed, right in the centre where he couldn't possibly miss it. It was a measure of his life as it currently stood that he wasn't actually surprised. Even braced as he was, when he lifted the lid he couldn't help recoiling at the contents.
John might have had a little too much to drink. He might actually have had a little too much to drink two or maybe three glasses ago. He wasn't sure just when he'd crossed the line between
“I heard Crombley didn't have any accidents on the way to his cell, after all the excitement.”
John looked at him uncomprehendingly and it slowly dawned on him that—
If anyone had asked him, Robbie could have told them the way they were handling Holmes was all wrong. They were giving him lots of attention for behaviour they didn't like, and for a man or dog as lonely as Holmes, even negative attention was better than being ignored.
I swear to God, give me a bottle of wine and my mouth just runs on its own. Let me start over. Hi, I'm Helen Blaketon and I'm not actually as big an arse as you might think if you'd met me a few minutes earlier."
Love and adoration to
with track marks up his arms (who had incidentally pointed out three small but really sodding important clues his team had missed at the murder scene) behind to live or die. Didn't understand why he'd wrapped him in a spare jacket, bullied him into the car and driven around with the heater all the way up until he'd stopped shaking so hard Greg could hear his teeth chatter. Didn't understand why he'd later nearly force-fed him a hamburger with chips and three cups of hot coffee and watched him eat with the manners of a bloody earl, had even later shoved him into the shower at his own flat and pretended not to see the flicker of relief in those strange eyes when he'd told him he'd be sleeping on the sofa.
# # #
# # #
, for God's sake, and...okay, strike that one.
John stumped through the park, hard and fast, driving his cane into the pavement with every step, perversely satisfied with the shots of pain each jolt sent through his shoulder.
why did people have to be so consistently boring? Nearly all of them were vastly more appealing with railroad spikes through their cerebella.
Mycroft shifted, trying to ease the pain in his ribs. "If I can't prove that he can be useful to us, that he is a unique, irreplaceable resource worth the trouble he causes and the concerns raised by his violent allergy to authority, I don't know how long I can shield him. He has to be valuable enough to us to outweigh the risks of his potentially being used against us. This investigation is an opportunity the likes of which may not come again. I can't afford to let it pass by."
John was tense as he undressed, still vaguely ashamed, exposed and unsure of what was coming. It was all utterly absurd and Sherlock had told him so but annoyingly his tension persisted. Sherlock even had to yank the sheet out of his hands and shove it to the foot of the bed. "I want to look at you," he said exasperatedly. "I like watching how you respond." John blushed deeply at that but stopped trying to hide.
"I have
Sherlock held his face in both hands and kissed him. "Up, my John. You were shouting my name and what we've been doing is too obvious for even a copper to miss." He slung John's arm over his shoulder and heaved. His ridiculously pleased expression grew when John's legs buckled on the first go.
“Whereas those things would not have happened had we continued engaging in hostilities, of course. Your favoured approach has never worked, Fitzhugh. It has never resolved anything. Isn't it time we try a different approach if we are to hope for a different outcome?”
With hand and facial gestures they attempted to get a look inside without getting their heads blown off, but Tobin was not Special Ops and the Army was not in the habit of sending surgeons out on search-and-rescue missions. They both knew not to pull any of the action-movie bullshit, of course, but John couldn't help thinking that inside that cabin was Sherlock in God only knew what state, and the temptation to kick open the door and go in guns blazing was much, much stronger than it should have been.
The photo.
Sherlock threw his head back, exposing the length of his throat as his hands clasped John's and came up slowly beside his head, sprawled softly, vulnerably. John thought he'd never seen anything so erotic as that trust and abandon. Then Sherlock rolled his hips and made a wanton sound that was so sweet and so filthy that—oh, God, he wasn't going to last long now. "Love," he whispered, and he felt the jolt run though the body around him, "come on, love, come with me, let me see you, I need you, come on."
What had followed was breathtaking.
There had to be a trick to not choking on it, John thought sleepily a little while later, still lying on the floor. There were bound to be websites. He'd look it up in the mor—
Mycroft was an omega. Omegas were the best to be. They ran everything and they could go anywhere they wanted and whilst Sherlock did not understand the appeal of copulation and bonding, if one
“Quite right,” he replied.  “Good for you.”  He slid to his knees and smiled mirthlessly.  “I see you drank the brandy, though.  You'll be here when they...come for you.” More crushing pressure banded his chest and he vomited, which did quite terrible things to his ribs.
“I'm sorry.” Mycroft was already paging his driver. “Please avail yourself—” he made a gesture encompassing the house and environs as he left the room. “It's the least I can do.”
Sherlock stilled, his head close enough to John's that he could feel warm breath on his face. “Oh,” he said, in tones of revelation.
“You've got a lot to learn about working as a team.”
Sherlock's faint winces every time the trousers pulled across his bum at the scene the next day kindled something warm and slightly disturbing in the pit of John’s stomach. As there was a lot of bending over to examine the pieces of the body, there were a lot of winces, and John had plans for what he was going to do as soon as this case was over. God, let this be a quick one.
"I believe his motivations were more complicated than that. It's likely that he didn't fully understand them himself. Relationships are not his area." He smiled wryly. John didn't.
John shrugged.
Abruptly, John knew what was in that closed hand. “Oh, fuck.”
—and after a dozen bloody texts gone unanswered by you two—thanks very much for that, by the way—I get a call on my mobile from an untraceable number telling me to come here and tell the two of you it's all over the news, you can go home now. Whatever the hell that means. And I'm to fetch you myself because God knows the Met has nothing better for me to do than save you cab fare. And what the bloody hell happened to your faces?”
Privately John thought the garden reflected Gertrude Jekyll's influence—Gran had been an admirer of hers and Mycroft was clearly a traditionalist—but he grinned bashfully and said, "Ah, don't know much about gardens, I'm afraid. Well, except for a bit about allotments."
They were still finding the ways they fit, in terms of desire as well as mechanics. Sherlock's mind had to be either fully engaged or else overwhelmed with sensation; anything in between risked overriding his body's response in favour of cataloguing the response. John needed to hear the sounds of pleasure, the cries and hard breaths, the wet slides of mouths and hands and shafts.
"Verisimilitude. We're supposed to be lovers; you should look as if we have sex often." John couldn't tell if he was kidding or not. The nips under his ear convinced him he didn't care.
“Hmm? Oh, right.” Eyes closed, he held out an expectant palm. “Your laptop.”
He ate a sandwich in four bites and absently hooked the headphones over the antlered skull.
Sherlock snatched up the nearest phone—his own, as it happened—and began tapping furiously.
All of this offered to him, to be his, now.
He thinks if he understood why this reminds him of Casey, he'd be a wiser man than he is.
He stepped into the hallway to phone his brother. "Stay at the flat and don't go haring off," he said. "I may have located him and it would be beyond ridiculous to miss him in passing. Furthermore, you and I are going to discuss revised security measures because this absurd series of coincidences could be deliberately manufactured with remarkable ease."
"Christ, you're cold and wet and now so am I, you inconsiderate git. Yes. When it was hit it felt like a bomb."
“Fuck.”
# # #
of Mycroft's that he had clearly enjoyed very much and wanted to do again, and all Sherlock could think just then was
John'd thought things would be better the next day, but despite sex that left them both shaking, sweaty, boneless, and nonverbal, they were still on edge with each other.
"Well, let me look at your arm and then maybe—"
"You don't have a stable of your own doctors?"
Afterwards he offered himself shamelessly, begging loudly, silently damning the layer of rubber between them. The pillow smelt of cologne. The hands on his prick and in his mouth and deep up his arse were soft and fine and none too polite after all, and the man fucked the breath out of him with a thoroughness bordering on greed.
It was coming on Valentine's Day, and the jeweller's box for his wife in Anderson's pocket undoubtedly had a lot to do with why Donovan had been exceptionally vicious at the crime scene that evening. It had been all John could do to bite his tongue and not escalate matters to the point where Lestrade would have had to get involved, because that wouldn't have ended well for anyone.
"Then for God's sake just let it sit in front of you."
Both Greg and Sherlock regarded the unsteady doctor, listing noticeably even whilst standing still, and came to the same awful realisation simultaneously.
There was a cabin ahead of them with the faint blue glow of a mobile screen showing in one window and at the sight of it they both quieted and slowed, creeping forward warily.
, his mind chanted as he scrubbed and gowned, and then he had to put it all aside and concentrate on the damaged body in front of him. He was very good at that.
He's been working on the Dog Squad with his new partner for over a year when he gets a call from DI Lestrade: can he
Author's note: Everyone please send love, admiration, and white-chocolate raspberry truffle Haagen Dazs ice cream to
# # #
# # #
Sherlock tugged at his wrist. "I want to hear you."
“Right, then.  Sitrep:  One civilian hostage, assumed clueless, absolutely not expendable, and an unknown number of armed hostiles in occupied territory.  Oh, and I can’t let my backup get himself shot, either, so keep your head down, eh?”  Tobin's grin flashed in the darkness.  “Can't believe they
He briefly imagined Mycroft's face if he were to show up at his office with curry and beer. It didn't bear thinking about.
"Shit, shit,
hadn't figured it out yet. If this is the effect sexual activity has on your observational skills, you were right to avoid it."
"You could read. I packed that horrible novel you were reading." John was going to refuse until Sherlock added, "And maybe you could stroke my hair?"
The jacket hit him in the back of the head. He shook it off and reached for the copper. John snatched up his old jacket from the front room and moments later Sherlock heard the street door at the bottom of the stairwell slam.
# # #
delivery." The sound coming from John started deep in his chest and was the sort of vocalisation normally reserved for sustained prostate stimulation.
“Fifth row, third slate; fifth, third...got it.”
“I know.”
“I know,” Sherlock said. “I know. I just....” He slid his gaze from over John's shoulder to his face, and there was something in his expression that John wished he could place because it was important, he knew it was important but he couldn't pin it down. “Mycroft never got to you.” His mouth twisted into a hideous parody of a smile. “I managed this all on my own.” He stood. “I just wanted.... Goodnight, John.”
“'Inconvenient'.”
Tobin clattered up the stairs before John answered. Sherlock would have been considerably less distracted over the next few hours had John said yes.
He had the Dower House closed up again once it seemed John Watson would not be moving from 221B after all. He could only hope John was attempting a reconciliation rather than just waiting to leave until Mycroft was recovered enough to deal with his brilliant, self-destructive little brother in the throes of heartbreak and despair.
Sherlock made an agitated, abortive motion.
thought John, because even as his gut twisted with fear for Sherlock, even as he acknowledged he could never hope to match wits on equal terms with the men playing this game of little kings and kingdoms, even as he checked his gun and accepted that someone might die tonight—himself, Sherlock, the colonel, some other man by John's own hand—even so, he felt the bright thrill of excitement and pure joy that right now, whatever came later, at this moment he was alive and fully engaged and his world was not boring at all, not in the slightest.
As if it physically pained him to say the words, Sherlock choked out, "Cabled ones." They both winced.
The first time Robbie meets John Watson he thinks
"I was waiting for you to apologize."
he added maliciously, and Sherlock flinched.
5.) Because he doesn't want to be Harry. Harry's life is a shithole, with the drinking and cheating and lying, and who knows where it all started? Harry walked out on Clara, on the best thing that ever happened to her, and John doesn't ever want to be stupid enough to do something like that, to have fucked up his life that badly, and who knows how much like Harry is too much? If Harry is a drunk, John can't be. If Harry is faithless, John can't be. If Harry is gay, John can't be. He can't.
John really couldn't blame the man. If their circumstances had been reversed, he'd also have threatened to sit on a patient with double head injuries only hours apart, one of which had occurred in an auto accident, unless said patient agreed to be seen by a doctor. A doctor who was not sharing a concussed brain with the patient.
With this hangover, sirens would
John was supposed to have said, “Staying isn't hard, you great git.” He was supposed to have brought a mug of tea to Sherlock, let his thumb run over Sherlock's knuckles as it exchanged hands, and smiled his warm, slow smile. Then everything would have been all right.
# # #
Fifteen minutes later, showered, shaven, and dressed in the suit that had been hanging just outside the bathroom, John found a breakfast tray set up in the bedroom. Mycroft was there, Sherlock was not.
Sherlock flung some bills at the cabbie and dragged John up over the kerb to the door.
capacity. It's not just for my benefit, but yours as well. Despite his hopelessly obnoxious manner, I believe you've found him quite useful at times. In fact, as you are aware, his unacknowledged assistance with several difficult cases may have been instrumental in your possible promotion, Detective Sergeant. You're up for review shortly, are you not?”
# # #
Sherlock actually looked up from his newspaper and beamed at her. “Quite right, Mrs Hudson. You see, John? We should talk.”
# # #
# # #
There was some awkwardness as they tried to work around various injuries old and new until John became so frustrated with Sherlock's refusal to stop bearing weight on his injured arm that he barked, "Lie
, he told so many people.
Holmes starts showing up in the papers and on telly. Robbie thinks it's a bad idea; generally, the best working dogs aren't the ones suited for community work. But Watson seems thrilled that his flatmate (and no-one will ever convince Robbie they're not more than that, not with
" he groaned, flopping backwards on the bed. "She must have heard a rumour about this stupid party and thought she had to get us a gift. We can't keep it, Sherlock, we have to tell her to cancel it, we really do." John sounded somewhat less than convincing. "We can't accept it under false pretences."
“You'd better not say what I think you're about to say.”
# # #
She frowned. “Ooh, that looks like one of those horrible, what d’you call them, scold's bridles. We learned about those in school. Nasty things. Well, that's hardly the way to deal with problems in a marriage, shutting the other one up, is it? No, it’s always got to be talked out. Never let the sun go down on an argument, my mum used to say.”
"It isn't that you're attracted to Mycroft," Sherlock said as he walked back into the bedroom, towelling his hair. "You're aroused because he's very dangerous and you think he might kill you for buggering—"
"Don't try lying, John, you really are terrible at it and it's ghastly to watch. You need a proper painkiller. Paracetamol isn't enough."
Sherlock sniffed. "I don't take relationship advice from you, Mycroft."
that his genes had cursed him so.
He'd been doing so well. He had the cocaine and the little flat on Montague Street and a man on the Met who was starting to pay attention when Sherlock told him things. Life was not terrible. Mostly. Certainly not as long as he had the cocaine.
On Monday morning he walked around the hall corner to his office, already thinking about the good coffee and the breakfast sandwich he'd splurged on at the shop to make the morning paperwork a bit less miserable, noting absently that the hallway was unusually quiet, when over the aroma of sausage he smelt a familiar cologne.
Sherlock, even if you don’t give a damn about what happens out there, one day those soldiers will come home. And when they come home, they will bring all that wrongness back with them.”
had to find the quickest way to get yourself into enemy headquarters, what would you do?"
They spent a long time kissing softly, the sounds mingling with the sleet and that strange, otherworldly light. They hadn't spent much time kissing each other before except as foreplay and it was deeply arousing and comforting at once to take his time, to hear the small sounds that pleased him so much, to be aware of his half-hard cock and enjoy the desire without urgency. Sherlock cupped his head and breathed a tiny whimper into his mouth; John's hunger rose sharply and his fingers tightened in dark curls momentarily before he forced them open.
, who made this better than it was.  Without their help, you would cry when you read this and not in the good way.  As always, all errors, blunders, vocabulary choices, lapses in sanity, and spells of contrariness are my own.
# # #
He needed to see Fitzhugh's glass.  There was no help for it now; he was going to have to turn around and face him, and Fitzhugh was going to see that he was...diaphoretic and...dyspneu—no, dyspnoeic.  That was the word.  “But this is really about the drone systems.  You aren’t going to stop with control of the foreign—” Nausea made him clench his jaw and swallow hard. “The foreign—”  He doubled over, right hand clawing involuntarily at his chest. The pressure was
Sherlock ran possible scenarios in his mind's eye. "It accounts neatly for everything..." It also provided the perfect social barrier to oblivious idiots who would otherwise make entirely inappropriate advances towards his John.
Another surge of adrenaline made his heart slam.
look what you've done," he snarled at Mycroft, and went out after John.
The drip from the tap was the only sound for long moments.
“Such noble sacrifice.  Naturally this has nothing whatsoever to do with my being the only person who knows you're trying to reverse-engineer the codecracker device that would give you full and free access to military drones.  You intend to use them first to re-ignite hostilities and make void the peace treaties I've negotiated.”
“Tobin implied some things.”
Greg indulged in something dangerously, embarrassingly close to cuddling as their sweat dried. His arse burned and tickled with lube. He stretched and sighed, debauched and contented, drunk on touch, and ruffled dark, damp hair affectionately before the man rolled off. “Thanks for that,” he said. He could feel himself smiling, feel peace and optimism settle over him like golden light. “For all of this. Thank you.”
"Good to see I've still got it in me," he rumbled, and Sherlock replied, "No, I think you'll find it's all over my chest" which set them both laughing breathlessly.
It's occupied.
"In case anyone cares what I think, I am opposed to this idea."
Things were not settled, but they were getting there. John made risotto and Sherlock ate. John watched telly and Sherlock mostly refrained from rolling his eyes. Sherlock snuck his hand under John's shirt and John let him. John complained about Sherlock's cold feet and Sherlock pretended not to hear.
Eyes closed, John pursed his lips, took a deep breath, and nodded. “Right. First thing,” he said, “no killing the neighbours.”
“God forbid we should upset
Damnably hard to breathe.  He really couldn't keep this up much longer.  “You were quite useful, you know, in the negotiations.  Your vehement outrage over our fine young soldiers smeared to a red paste—aren't the media convenient?—allowed me to argue that the insult to our national honour would result in a nuclear option if accords were not reached at the table.”
"Yes," he said, "all right," since that seemed to be important.
that boy had tugged Greg into the dark, empty place under a pier and sucked him until Greg had been sobbing, shaking, coming with a fist shoved into his mouth, wiping tears from his eyes afterwards, and that posh voice had whispered filthy, filthy directions as Greg clumsily returned the favour. That memory had fueled many of Greg's favourite wanks for years afterwards.
Author's note: References to M/M sexytimes, so if that's not your cup of tea you'll want to go put on the telly and ignore the subtext in all the best shows.
# # #
“Oh, God, the irony,” John muttered, planting his foot firmly on Harris's spine. “Are you listening to yourself?”
“Not at all.”
# # #
There was so much he wanted to do before then.
"God, are you great in bed. Except, y'know, the time you tried to shove—"
How long had Fitzhugh been drinking in the sitting room?  Long enough?  He couldn't keep stalling much longer.  He couldn't keep
John smiled. “Brilliant,” he said, and Sherlock twitched.
"No, Sir. Mr Holmes says to remind you that you don't want your new mobile to end up in the same condition as your old one and you are therefore to leave with me now, Sir."
"You're doing
John licked his lips again. "It's, um, it's sudden. Honestly, I'm worried this is...it's common, you know, with your first lover, to think—"
"Fine. You?"
.  Sherlock's plan, whatever it was, assumed that John was with Mycroft now and that Mycroft had his own mobile back.
# # #
(See the end of the chapter for
"Possible, but unlikely. Perhaps someone who is not as clever as they think had decided taking the initiative might be rewarded."
#     #     #
to John, you can't take it, he needs it, it needs to be here when he gets back, you don't understand, don't
No. No. Now that image was in his brain and it was never going to come out.
# # #
—Mycroft Holmes (The Thing Is)
As John strode away and slammed the bathroom door, Sherlock stood bewilderedly looking after him.
Sherlock had spent the last forty-five minutes not thinking about how very badly things might have gone had the major not been briefed that John was a recently discharged veteran, had she not known his relationship to Mycroft and Sherlock, had she not reached the room swiftly and ordered her men to stand down and stop hurting him before the situation escalated further and terrible accidents subsequently occurred. He had not let himself think about that because it
It's painful to see. The magnetic pull between those two is just as present as it always was, but Watson holds himself tightly apart, stiff and brittle, and Holmes—well, Holmes looks like a dog who's been kicked and starved for the last three years, desperate for kindness and scraps but no longer believing those things exist.
with cheese straws and praise. This would be an entirely different story without her. You have no idea, truly. As always, all blunders are my own.
# # #
intel. Not many people would have been able to connect Mycroft to the codecracker, even fewer would have been able to reach him. But what were they after, exactly? He doesn't have the device, that's long gone, and the people who came after us wouldn't expect us to have it any longer either. What else could it be? That one's easy: information. About
"Your face," John started, and bit his lip hard enough to bleed trying not to just
It was highly unlikely John could achieve orgasm or even full erection again tonight, given the refractory period required by his age and intensity of recent climax, and manual stimulation would probably be uncomfortable. Sherlock was careful to keep this in mind as his hands nudged a thigh up to give him better access. John's breath stuttered as a slick forefinger circled him delicately.
The toff made a perfectly lovely noise when Greg told him that.
Because Mycroft employed very intelligent and experienced persons who were extraordinarily good at their jobs, he was notified that there was a crisis before John had left the house and was therefore able to arrive at the gate in time to forestall a greater crisis.
# # #
He must have been quiet too long or maybe missed a question, because Sherlock was looking at him oddly.
#                    #                    #
Given John's vehemently expressed opinion on the matter, it was probably best if Sherlock didn't mention that with a bit of help from the registrar who owed him a favour, he'd forged John's signature in the marriage register eight days ago. Sherlock was always very careful with his catalysts and there were hardly ever unintentional explosions.
we're screwed."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “But it’s
"Pick something else, anything, I don't care. But I can't carry that off."John stood, dropping the cardigan into the just-vacated chair, crossed to the door, and marched away down the outer hallway.
"Look out, look out, look out!" he shouted, urgently waving the colonel away from the gate where he was reaching for the override button, racing across to pull him out of the way of the careering car that clearly wasn't stopping for them. Tyres squealing, it sideswiped the gatepost (acquiring a bare-metal gash along the length of its left side), accelerated, and made a hard right, bouncing over the lawn and onto the street, not quite on two wheels but as close as a heavy, low-slung car could come to that.
"Right. I'm still not quite clear on what I agreed to. Or when. Or—"
# # #
“So I'll give this to you. You'll put it somewhere; I won't try to find—well, yes, I will, because that's how I am, but I'll leave it alone. I've left it alone for years, I never touch it, I just need to know it's there, but I'll never use it. And you—I'll have my—our solicitor draw up papers. I'll sign them, you won't, and we'll leave them with the solicitor. You'll know they're there, if you need them. But you won't ever sign. You see? It fixes everything.”
"She told me that the caterpillar spins a cocoon, and then...turns to soup, as she put it. Dissolves. That before it becomes a butterfly, it has to become a cocoon full of goo."
Consistently.
“Oh, it's fine, dear. I suppose it's only natural he'd have that on his mind, especially with your jaw still being so sore.” She trundled down the stairs and called back something about returning with a good fry-up as their refrigerator was empty but for the flatworms, and Sherlock watched John try to convince himself she hadn't just alluded to multiple sex acts.
Sherlock just looked frustrated. "We could add a catalyst—"
"Take my bed."
# # #
“I've never asked.”
John's taste. John's warmth. John's body and his ridiculous, easy affection, given so freely
"It won't be interesting; it will be stultifying. You haven't said, by the way."
# # #
# # #
"Certainly, Dr Watson. I know just the place. Excellent quality, surprisingly affordable." Since Mycroft would end up subsidising the lion's share of it, it certainly would be. In fact, any of this particular tailor's other patrons would be very surprised indeed if they ever discovered the pittance John Watson would actually be paying himself. "And might I inquire if you will be needing the services of a jeweller as well?"
"Of course."
He'd very nearly died thrice in the span of four hours, they told him. He'd been shot, suffered a myocardial infarction, and then been poisoned.
There was a pink suitcase; an extraordinarily awkward conversation in a restaurant that turned into an abduction right in front of his eyes; a breathless, aching, limping race after a murderous cabbie. He shot a man through two windows with a street full of police below; scrubbed residue off his skin; hid a highly illegal handgun. Fifty minutes after that, he walked to the Imperial Dragon restaurant and ate the prawns Sherlock kept absent-mindedly dropping onto his plate as the suicidal madman expounded on the parts of the case John hadn't been there to see and gesticulated with chopsticks so enthusiastically that John feared for his eyes.
“Let him come up.”
# # #
This conversation was not going the way he'd expected.
Greg stripped off the condom and flipped him onto his belly, smearing the fine sheets. “Let me fuck you,” he said, and it came out less commanding and more pleading than he'd intended. “You can manage twice tonight, yeah? You can have me after,” he promised, and shuddered because oh, God, yes,
“You shouldn't have tried to punch that corporal.”
"It doesn't have to be like this. Not Mycroft."
Her lovely, lovely face pinches, lips going tight, and oh, hell, he'd really liked this one. But better to find out now—
Arms tightened around him wordlessly.
it, all of it, loved surrounding hard, hot flesh, loved the whimpers and shouts, loved the way semen would drip down his thighs when he pulled the orgasms from his bedmate.
He wonders how a partnership rebuilds trust when it's between two humans, without a dog to be the first to forgive and just love again. He's never managed it himself, but then he's not very good with people anyway.
Mycroft shattered a brandy snifter in the fireplace and shook with ridiculous, irrational, impotent rage.
"Your bedroom?"
The bedsit was cold and damp, so he climbed into bed under the blankets with his laptop and searched out everything he could find on Sherlock Holmes. The Science of Deduction was...well, it was either sheer genius or the biggest load of bullshit John had ever seen. He was leaning towards genius, but honestly, left thumb?
They stared at each other in mutual astonishment, John's mouth slightly open, Sherlock's cheeks pinkening. It had suddenly become difficult to swallow.
Harris wasn't trigger-happy, which was a damn good thing because otherwise he'd have pissed away what was probably the biggest break he was ever going to get in his career.
are perceived to be among my people, Brother. Now hurry and get him out."
There was a woman. Nothing at all stood out about her. Average looks, average dress, average manner. She would drift into a group of people, there would be conversation for a bit, then the group would disperse and each member would go separately to a different cluster of people. Later the pattern would repeat. Four times, now five. The group she approached had a different combination of people each time, but it was always the same set of people moving from cluster to cluster, and the pattern always started with her.
John. I'd like to offer you a job."
Something was odd.
He made a dissatisfied noise but John could see the wheels already turning at the challenge. "If your grandmother taught you entomology, why did you call my insects 'bugs'? Only a third of them are."
"This is not a secure line. Get in the car, Doctor." The line went dead and John stopped worrying about being obvious and just ran.
“Are you on painkillers? I mean, should you be drinking, if you are? Or, you know, leaving the flat? At all? Maybe this isn't a good idea. Forget it.”
“I don't have rates. I take cases that are interesting. Sometimes people give me money or,” he waved vaguely, “tie pins or body parts or deals on the rent.” Flashing blue light from the street pulled him to the window.
Sherlock nodded. “Of course. If he appeared likely to die without...outside assistance, there was a better chance Fitzhugh's people would wait and see if an assassination attempt was really necessary,” he said coolly, but John saw the way his eyes scanned his brother's pale and clammy face, the IV taped to his forearm, the nasal cannula.
Very few persons knew the contingency plan.  Fitzhugh thought this was the endgame, then, to tip his hand so obviously and thus sacrifice his mole.  Good.  Mycroft's lure had proved too tempting to resist.  At least something was still going according to plan.  He would have preferred to do this under more advantageous circumstances, with a dry suit at the very least, and preferably without broken ribs making it so damnably hard to breathe, but one had to remain adaptable.
When he was high, he had no libido, no chinks in the armour, no handle for an omega to grasp and pull him this way or that. When he was high, he could rise above his instincts, could be a mind instead of a cock to be ridden, could be a
# # #
If they weren't, he made all of London and half the world his funeral pyre.
"There's something that's been bothering me." John shifted in his chair. "The car that whoever-it-was was going to use to snatch me. A yellow car isn't exactly inconspicuous; you'd be able to track a car like that easily. So somebody wanted people focused on the car, right? No-one would pay much attention to what the people in it looked like, not when the colour's so distinctive."
“I've sent a car. The menu tonight is beef, by the way.”
“A favour, but it's got nothing to do with my job even though you're in my office. Right, sure.”
“Moriarty got to me through you. There will be others. It is not at all safe for you, and I...dislike having such an obvious vulnerability. It tells my enemies where to aim.”
"I might have preferred that particular announcement to have been something more than a point in that bloody game of yours. And for you to have waited until I'd actually said yes."
"Lestrade," he said. "Come with me?"
"She wants to know what to do with the pint that arrived today. Oh,
When Sherlock actually did so without argument, John upwardly revised his estimate of the severity level.
“Here, use mine,” said the stranger, and that spoke of either stupidity or a love of risk-taking, given his friend's emphatic refusal. Stamford would never have brought someone stupid to him as a potential flatmate.
"Sherlock." John appeared at his side. "Who is that woman? Brown hair, green dress. Do you know?"
The suit had sauntered halfway out of the warehouse, twirling his umbrella, before he called over his shoulder, “Oh, and Captain? Your service sidearm really will not suit. You can do better than that.”
In mid-January, the night before he would be leaving to perform surgery in Bruges, John came to Sherlock's bed for the first time in weeks and slept with his head on Sherlock's pillow. He woke to long, splayed fingers on his abdomen under his shirt, and he thought his heart would break when Sherlock noticed he was awake and looked as if he didn't know whether he could leave his hand there or not.
"We neglected to fulfil the requirement that we be unknown to each other."
Sherlock strode into the Heart Centre as if he owned it, which, for all John knew, might have been the case. At this point, he wasn't discounting any possibilities. They hadn't made it far past the entrance when they were surrounded by very serious people who were
The colonel said, “You realise we're headed into a trap, right?  How full is your clip?”
There was no way to make up for nearly three months in a night, and they didn't try. It was more important to find the way they would be with each other now. But they let their bodies say all the things they couldn't put into words, and that went a very long way towards healing the wounds they would never acknowledge aloud.
particular tone was a conditioned reflex inculcated by drill sergeants and senior surgeons the world over, but he was still annoyed to find that his legs had carried him over the threshold without conscious decision on his part. He went far enough from the cabin that the noises from within wouldn't mask the sounds of anyone approaching, although the rain was still falling steadily enough that they'd have to be in a Humvee for him to hear anything until they were right on top of him.
Harris followed him like a puppy. There was no bloody way a kid this limp had taken out a Grenadier colonel so something more was going on here and he'd better figure it out fast.
# # #
His heats had stopped.
He agreed with John; they were pretty sure Sherlock wasn't interested in painkillers, but why tempt fate?
He managed to shuffle back on his knees just before Sherlock's legs collapsed entirely and he slid down the plaster to land with a thump. Breathless and panting, one hand still buried in John's hair, he cracked open unfocused eyes and pulled John in for a sloppy, awkward kiss. “Sorry,” he said insincerely.
Use the passcode when you're challenged; they'll stand down.”
The cabbie stuck her head back inside. "Just the frame," she told him. "We're fine. I'm going to try to shift—"
"It's all right. Shh, shh. It's supposed to feel like this. Keep your eyes on me. Keep looking at me." Soothing hands ran over his ribs and back to his shaft as John kept his slow rhythm, kept claiming the body beneath him with long stokes, kept refusing to let Sherlock look away.
Christ, how green are you? You realise there'll be an automatic alarm when the second scheduled patrol misses check-in? We need to get out of here now." He rummaged in Mycroft's suit pocket. "Got it. Let's go, fuckwit,
"John," he'd said, and he'd replied, "Are you over your sulk n—"
John's blood was singing, wild and mad and
Eventually the door opened and the two men emerged. “An ugly business,” said Waterhouse, who was now holding the backup drive. “To think that one of our own.... I'm sorry to hear about Mycroft. I'm sure you'll want to be with him now. My gentlemen will take you there.” It was clearly a dismissal.
John stood rigidly as the lab door slammed shut, the words “Oh, and the impotence is just a post-traumatic symptom, like the limp. Nothing to be concerned about. I imagine you'll begin having spontaneous nocturnal emissions a few weeks before achieving voluntary erections, so watch for that, if it's of any importance to you” hanging in the air.
Dear readers, we owe
that he might want to hurry because Sherlock was doing truly terrible things to his violin, which John could hear only too well for himself. He'd stopped sawing at the poor thing and was staring pointedly and haughtily out the window with his back to the other occupants of the room when John came in.
happen, regardless of what it takes to prevent it." John was a soldier; he would understand that was permission to use deadly force if necess—
And if Fitzhugh was in Mycroft's sitting room, he wasn't in Sherlock's way.
"You think this...process of ours could be disrupted?"
"Sir, he has a gun."
The codecracking device they'd snitched a little while ago was at the heart of it. He got that. Certain groups thought the best way to it was through Sherlock and John, who had taken it. He got that, too. Somebody else'd had the idea to go through Mycroft, and that was where things got interesting because the number of people who could possibly reach Mycroft was quite small and most of them were supposed to be on his side.
John nodded acceptance before the phrase sank in. "Have we started setting watches, then? I haven't stood one."
They made it through the weekend without strangling each other or doing irreparable harm to the structural elements of the building (although John's stove kettle had to be replaced with an electric one and there would need to be a minor replastering job) mainly because Sherlock took a case that kept him out of the flat for a day and a half. John suspected the case hadn't been all that interesting and Sherlock had taken it because his lizard brain had warned him he was in imminent danger of death if he didn't stop stringing yarn cat's cradles three inches off the floor when John's ability to hop over tripwires was severely impaired.
“Details,” John repeated.
He left a message on Sherlock's mobile as well as notes in the kitchen, bathroom, both bedrooms, and on the sofa, and took a taxi to and from the shop, expense be damned.
# # #
yourself of your virginity when you were fifteen—"
"I need to think. Go away."
"Don't be ridiculous."
You all have no idea how much you owe to the beta-ing skills of
he imagines telling Natalie, lips twitching. He'll tell her about the detective who self-rewards, God help everyone, at crime scenes, in defiance of common sense and common decency, and how he likes the man anyway. He'll tell her, and maybe she'll wrinkle her nose and smile. Maybe she'll laugh again. It's been too long. And maybe they'll start feeling out the way back to each other even if it takes a while to get there, because the separation hurts more than the fumbling, clumsy knocks they may give each other as they try to work it out.
"Idealism is all very well, but we are living in the real world, where compromises must be made. Can you honestly tell me you could bring yourself to leave him for good, even now? Ah, excellent, you are at least that self-aware. Do you think that perhaps we should be practical and begin to plan how to make a place for your happiness amidst the inevitable disappointments and shortcomings, or is it somehow nobler to—"
“Kid gave them the information they wanted to hear. Yes, the insurgents were hiding in his village, just like Tiger—the Colonel—thought. Yes, there were a lot of them, at least fifty. Yes, he himself was being trained to be a suicide bomber—he’d have said
Right. So, as he understood it, there were three main factions among Mycroft's cronies: Waterhouse's, Fitzhugh's, and Mycroft's. Waterhouse seemed the most likely candidate for the attack, but for precisely that reason Sherlock would be concentrating his attentions on the other two (since even Mycroft's people were not above suspicion) whilst not ruling out the first.
Then in one of those typically Sherlockian about-faces, he'd pressed John up against the doorframe of the kitchen in Baker Street and slipped his hand down his trousers until John had begged him not to make him come with Mrs Hudson hanging around the foot of the staircase lest he never be able to look his landlady in the eye again. As it was he'd had to position his suitcase to conceal his raging hard-on and the bottle of lube in his trouser pocket as they left.
“There was no reason for you to know. As long as Mycroft did—”
Instantly John's hand was brushing sweat-matted curls off his forehead, slipping down to stroke his cheek. "Look at me. Come on, look at me," he whispered, and Sherlock could deny this man nothing, no matter the cost. John smiled approvingly as Sherlock met his eyes, rewarded him with a deep kiss and the slow press of a slick finger into his body, and swallowed the sudden cry of hunger with his warm mouth.
"I hope not, I have milk in the car."
When he eventually spoke, John said quietly, “I didn't realise it was still so hard for you,” and Sherlock's heart gave two great, sickening pounds and then clenched tight and small beneath his breastbone.
Things were not settled, but they were better and he didn't ache as much.
He let one side of his mouth quirk upwards. “Too true.” Was it Not Good to hope for just a
Cigarette smoke.
The best course of action was obvious. For John's own good.
Mrs Hudson wittered from the threshold, “There's an upstairs bedroom if you're interested, Dr Watson. Just step right up this way...”
With a sound of disgust, Sherlock extinguished the torch and flipped up the helmet visor. "Not hot enough. It'll have to be the antimony next."
"Sherlock."
work, the kind of work that meant there was a man who would be able to use his hand again because of John, and he had something to be proud of. Sherlock could understand that. Sherlock would know what that was like, to have work that meant something.
"And destroy himself to get free, yes. He has done once already, or nearly so. I know you've little reason to trust me, but we are on the same side in this matter, you and I. I'm not a villain, John, despite what Sherlock thinks, and I cannot abide the waste of human potential."
Then Lestrade was there with a serial suicide and a note, and Sherlock had been in a cab for ten minutes before he thought of John Watson's questions again.
"John—"
"Are you hurt?"
"I heard it crack. Wrist. Tried to catch myself."
Mycroft blinked and was very glad Sherlock could not see his expression.
Okay, so now he had the brother. He didn't have the other Holmes, but that one was dead so he couldn't do anything about it, and he didn't have the phone but Watson would be taking the credit for that anyway. If he brought the brother in by himself, without the other two along to steal all the glory when
Well, that made sense.  Mycroft was unimaginably important and Sherlock—
“What makes a case interesting?”
, he thought, because twice in one day really was just too much, and snapped, “Get to the point. Why am I here?”
"If you ask me—"
# # #
Fitzhugh, then."
It was Sherlock who finally inhaled, dug his fingers into his arse, and groaned, "Oh God, John, get on with it." He drew up his knees and John said, "Do you want—?" and Sherlock said,
When he was high, he didn't care about pleasing omegas. When he was high, Mycroft couldn't compel him to do anything at all.
Somehow he’s become the handler DI Lestrade prefers to work with, which means that eventually he and Ava work on a case with Holmes again.
"I see," the doctor said cautiously. "And will Sherlock be going?"
knew the plan."
# # #
Sherlock had once accused Mycroft of indulging in the delusion that he was a medieval lord with vassals and minions at his command. He'd scored with that hit, but not for the reasons he thought. Fealty ran both ways, and to the extent Mycroft was able, he protected his own; failing that, he made their deaths useful instead of empty and pointless.
Apparently John was chatty when he was high.
position, cocking her head to say,
“John,” he said on hitched breath. His hands were splayed against the wall, and he pressed into them to hold himself up as he bent his knees and slid down a few inches to give John better access. John's thighs burned sympathetically but he was not stopping. Not now.
"Is it a decent one? Relatively speaking, I mean. It's not like I can afford
"You know, I half-expected to find you sniffing my hair in bed this morning."
"Huh," he said, scrubbing at his eyes and wincing at an unexpectedly sore cheekbone. He was finally starting to feel warm, which meant he'd been in the cab a lot longer than the trip should have taken. Oh, right—blocked streets.
He could not imagine what the admission had cost the man.
Mycroft was shooting him tight-lipped warning glances but it was
day we'd have made a fuss about it, reception and rings and such, but then in my day the two of you couldn't have—well. Very small gathering, was it?"
you're gone sometimes. Did you think that doesn't affect me?"
"Because he's an arsehole."
"I find it disturbing that your mind turns to him when I refuse you sex."
John shifted uncomfortably in his chair again, carefully replacing the ice pack. “I forgive them the jaw,” he said lightly. “I was chewing on the bloke's wrist, after all. The sodding kick to the kidney was just retaliation, pure and simple, though. I expect I'll be pissing blood for a while.” Sherlock must have looked quite alarmed because John hastened to add, “It's normal after that sort of trauma.”
Once he had it in hand he stood carefully. “On your stomach, face to the wall, arms and legs spread. If you try to stand, I will shoot you in the gut and then both knees. Understand?” Harris nodded, pale and obedient, and turned over.
There was something niggling at him, something to do with abduction and a car and—
“Sherlock, Jesus, what the hell are you doing? The slates are iced over, for God's sake!”
Metamorphosis. Really, John got such odd ideas in his funny little brain sometimes.
“Then you sat down at a table with her murderers and gave them food and schools.”
Shit.
# # #
He'd been warm and relaxed, his mind a perfect blank, dove-gray haze behind his closed eyelids. Big hands had rolled his head gently from side to side, rocking his body in the nicely supportive chair. Then fingers had run through his hair, and he'd taken his first peaceful breath in
Astonishingly, the frame was not the most horrifying aspect of what he now held. That distinction was reserved for the newspaper page matted beneath the glass, a newspaper page on which, under "Public Announcements," it was printed for all the world to see that amongst the other noteworthy events of the day a civil union had been contracted between the parties of—
# # #
Sherlock examined the wood grain of the table. John sighed. "You're not going to make this easy, are you. Why do you want this? The truth, please, and all of it. I deserve that, if you're actually asking and this isn't some ruse for a case, and I don't think you'd have mentioned a solicitor if it were that. So why?"
"So you'll need to keep him focused, John."
It was one of the unfair cruelties of life, John reflected, that his status as a supposedly engaged gay man was currently netting him more feminine attention than any single thing about him had previously. He smiled, took another sip of wine, listened to the sixth woman to monopolize his attention this afternoon—this one with a lovely set of breasts that he was trying very hard not to notice—and thought
"I think that's between me and Sherlock."
John's nose wrinkled again, but evidently the advantages of an affordable flat in central London outweighed the durian. He dropped gracelessly into the chair facing the window. “I met your brother yesterday. At least, he said he was your brother.”
He lay there for what must have been hours, tracing lines of light and shadow over the body next to him, pressing soft kisses to warm skin, memorizing every dip and bony prominence while Sherlock slept like the dead, as always. When he couldn't keep his own eyes open any longer, he tucked his nose against Sherlock's bare neck and simply breathed him in until everything slowed and stopped.
In the middle of the next week, they had bad sex.
At night, when he couldn't sleep, couldn't focus enough to read, couldn't get up to pace around the empty house, he found himself twisting pinches of the sheets between his fingers and silently begging John:
“Uh, hi, Sherlock. This is Bill, Bill Murray. Um, our bank called to say that a rather large deposit was made into our account today, and I wondered if you'd done that? Because like I told you when we talked about it, I was there as a favour to John, you know, no payment necessary. Although it's very much appreciated; the roof's needed a bit of work and that would, uh, cover it. Also our daughter's just been given a scholarship to a public school and, you know, new uniforms and such, it all adds up. Yeah. Well. I just wanted to say thanks, if it was you, and, um, say hi to John for me. I hope his kidneys are better soon, and that you two are very happy together. Congratulations, by the way, in case I didn't say it before. John's a good man to have at your side. You won't find better.”
But nobody thought to ask, because a quiet man with a North Country accent clearly wasn't very bright, and anyway they'd already made up their minds about Holmes.
John's hand crept down to stroke dripping curls. "Better now?" Sherlock nodded against his leg. "Good."
The boy's body swayed toward John. His eyes followed John instead of the projectile. His posture mimicked John's so closely they all but breathed in tandem. In about twenty minutes, he was going to ask John home. And because John really could be spectacularly
Sherlock briefly contemplated John's state of mind upon waking with a hangover in the bed of an infatuated young man who had offered his body on the assumption John shared his sentiment. It would be Spectacularly Not Good.
He slammed the gearstick into first from third and then into neutral without touching the clutch.  “You're right,” he said over Harris's vehement but unimaginative cursing.  “You'd better drive.”  He stepped out of the driver's seat and tripped awkwardly, catching himself with an outstretched hand and scraping it badly on the wet pavement.
love, can't take more, I'm done, I can't."
"Married," he said slowly.
Oh, no. No, you don't. You're changing the subject, I know what you’re doing—”
“A day after that, I got shot. What I need to know is, did the Army order that, or did Colonel Moran? Just how deep is the shit I’m in, and do I have any chance of surviving?"
right now, in this moment, over a
"It's only—"
Four long heartbeats, and then John's grip changed, helping to push down the fabric.
“For fuck's sake, pull over and let me drive.”
# # #
A hiss of indrawn breath. "How
There had been a slight miscalculation with the durian, which had not at all been Sherlock's fault. “Nice, yes. Yes, I think so. My thoughts precisely, which is why I went ahead and moved in.”
3.) Because he was in the
Mycroft hadn't planned for John to shoot him.
Yes. Oh yes. Please.
Minutes later she plucked it back out, smoothed it, and put it away in her keepsake drawer. She would throw it away. She would. Just not yet.
"God damn it, Sherlock, these things can do nerve damage. Not my
Sherlock regarded him shrewdly. “That's not all you're concerned about.”
But there were no data from which to form hypotheses, and no mind, however brilliant, could deduce from thin air.
“I'd appreciate knowing any information you have about what we're headed into.  I can do my job better with more intel than less, and I'm flying blind right now.”
We are now 20 chapters into a fic in which two men have been shagging like ferrets every chance they get. Honestly, if I have to mention to anyone that
# # #
Sherlock had said, "You
"You maintain there's some expression of truth in what bodies do, how they respond to each other," Sherlock said, breath hot on his neck and hands fisted in his shirt. "You need to be sure of it all, you said, of what you're getting. Then come to my bed."
Some stupid prank, he'd thought, swapping out all a bloke's clean shirts with sweat-filthy ones or the like. Young male soldiers were given to all sorts of idiotic behaviours to stave off boredom and sexual frustration. So he'd only made a token protest, a half-hearted “Oi!” when Marshall had burst into the bunk and yanked John's damp t-shirt off over his head before bolting back out with a shit-eating grin.
else as he did when Mrs Hudson came cheerfully up the stairs with that bottle. John thought of being with Sherlock as
They meticulously search the whole house, and when Ava finds nothing, Holmes flings up his hands and complains, “What did I say?!” as Lestrade punches at his mobile.
"Mmmm, right
2.) Because John is a doctor and knows about these things, and having an erotic dream about your flatmate does not make you gay.
And as the alphas matured and were removed one by one when they were no longer able to control themselves around the opposite sex, the rugby teams became all-omega, and he loved that too.
head injury, just enough to cause retrograde amnesia of, say, twelve hours? It probably was.
Sherlock flushed, but whether from embarrassment or anger, John couldn't tell.
two days ago was now attempting to destroy his body armour in a petulant hissy fit for God only knew what reasons but probably Mycroft and Dublin and the pub were involved. And he was possibly poisoning himself at this very moment, or no, probably not, because Sherlock looked neither alarmed nor curious and observant. But still.
"You've been asleep for three."
John was taking an unusually long shower. Masturbating again? No, washing his hair repeatedly. Possibly the product contained lacquer that had hardened and needed to be softened with a hydrophilic until it dissolved.
The colonel punched in the gate code when they heard the car start.
"You?"
Whereas John was not dull. And if Mycroft would just bugger off, Sherlock could secure John's agreement to his enormously clever plan and they could start testing the hypothesis right away. He bared his teeth at Mycroft and hissed in annoyance, which led to more pointed umbrella thumping.
"No names. Where is he supposed to be?"
“Sherlock.”
he didn't say, because his brother would never let him into his life that way again. Not after Victor.
They both stared at the glittering starburst on the pavement.
He just hoped like hell Mycroft's people would get to Fitzhugh before he did or he probably wasn't getting out of this alive.
Sherlock turned his head to throw him a withering glare, the tyres briefly riding up the kerb to smack back down onto the street.  Harris yelped and reached for the wheel with his free hand.  “I would be insane to let the man poking a gun into my side divide his attention like that.  Now
# # #
Harris turned the gun on him and barked, "Hands up."
“Mr Holmes,” said the elderly man in a nondescript grey suit sitting in the car next to theirs. “I am Charles Waterhouse. I am told you desired a meeting with me.”
.  I've said it before:  this would have been a completely different story without her, and a poorer one.  If you've enjoyed this story, you owe her more than you know.  Kiss kiss, sweetie.
Life was
Sherlock made predictably snide comments about his weight until John said,
"That shot was you?" the colonel asked.
"Well, of course he has. He's certainly not foolish enough to leave it with my brother." Mycroft was very careful not to touch him, not to move into his personal space. "John, walk with me."
Sherlock sprang to his feet, alarmed. "What? What are you thinking? It's not anything good—"
Third, John had developed an as-yet-unconscious attraction to Sherlock—
—I was right, I was
"I haven't got a basis for comparison."
And the answer had always been
John tipped his head, conceding the point. "Um. So what happened, that was," he said carefully, looking into his tea, "a...transaction?"
“Sherlock, you took something that mattered to me. When I wouldn't give it to you, you
“Beer's a diuretic; it'll be good for my kidneys. And seriously I can't take Mrs Hudson’s comments one more bloody minute. You'll be doing me a favour. Be there in twenty.”
He gave his How Can You Possibly Expect Me to Clutter My Hard Drive With Such Inconsequential Trivia shrug.
On his slow perambulations along the bleak garden paths—exercise had not grown any less hateful since he had last resorted to it—he often wondered what might have been.
So, the data thus far:
#                    #                    #
"What's going on?"
John jerked upright in a bed on Baker Street. A dark shape perched much too close to him on the edge of his mattress, and he recoiled so fast he cracked his skull against the headboard and was blind for a second.
It wasn't long before Sherlock came out. Without preamble he jammed his hand in John's trouser pocket and pulled out Mycroft's phone, immediately tapping at the screen. “Is yours on?” he said absently.
"Yes, yes, I've got it," John said. "Scuff marks."
happened for some time now, a fact which might account for John's increased irritability and masturbatory frequency). And now John had a different and highly attractive hairstyle and had been on the verge of going home with a man for the first time. Granted, he'd thought he was going to kip on his friend's sofa, but he'd never done that before, and really, even someone as oblivious as
Sherlock hadn't planned to use the handcuffs. He'd stood up to face the stairs when he'd heard a key in the door, and when his fierce, stubborn John had come over the threshold and dropped his bag against the wall Sherlock had just stood there, breathing more rapidly than usual because he'd been sucking on the latest patch to soothe his anxiety but instead it had only been getting worse.
John shook his head. “They move a bloody cardiac unit to Mycroft's house in a matter of hours and somehow keep up the illusion he's a minor bureaucrat in—transportation, is it?”
"Said what? Speak up, I've got the tap running."
Except. Except this was
Sherlock scrambled across the rooms, dressing gown untied and flapping around him, and interposed himself between John and Mycroft, bun forgotten and dangling in one sticky hand. "Remember the coda, John," he said, staring down Mycroft, who looked understandably puzzled at this cryptic statement. Bitterly he went on, "Oh no you
“Stroke?” Sherlock quickly asked.
"It's on the website, isn't it?"
"It would be best not to raise your blood pressure."
When John's shirt was unfastened, Sherlock paused and then tentatively ran a forefinger down the line of exposed flesh. John sucked in his breath and shivered, watching it move. Pale hands slipped beneath the sides of his open shirt, gliding over his ribs, running up the long muscles of his back. One ghosted over his shoulder, and he said, "Just a little tender. It's fine." Sherlock grunted disbelievingly but dropped the subject. "Weren't we going to talk about this?"
"How do you?"
Sherlock's words came rapid-fire and he chewed his lips nervously. “The roof was the best place; could never get sniffer dogs up there, the pitch is too steep. But you need,” his respiration was elevated, and John stepped close, puzzled and concerned, “you need to know I understand.” His pale eyes speared John to the spot. “You don't intend to leave. Not ever. You don't intend to do it, but you need to know you
“Christ, Watson, enough. Let him up,” Tobin said sharply. “That was an
The kids are the worst. The kids are the worst and he doesn't have the luxury of getting angry. His priority is Ava.
"Congratulations, John, you've not attended a single forensics course in your life and you've just surpassed Anderson's observational skills, although really that's faint praise as the same could be said of a hydrocephalic lemur. Now you know how he got out, Lestrade; even you can take it from here. And Lestrade?" Sherlock openly raked his eyes over John's arse behind the doctor's back.
“Are you staying?”
“He does, but that's not as reassuring as you might think.” He held up the mobile. “I'll text him we're coming in. You get the door; I'll take care of Harris.”
should have been mentioned along with
He ran through the facts again.  Mycroft hadn't planned for John to shoot him.  Mycroft had indicated John had clearance to use deadly force but hadn't intended it to be used against him. Mycroft had been wearing hidden, bespoke torso-armour since the—oh.
And Moriarty was still out there somewhere.
Inevitably, Sherlock slammed the door as he stormed out.
Sherlock's breath came faster. “You’d ride it at extremely unsafe speeds and come home excited, smelling of petrol and wind. Would there be boots?”
“I swear to God I wouldn't have hurt him,” Harris said. “Watson, I swear I wouldn't have hurt him. I just wanted to be the one to bring him in, okay?”
# # #
Sherlock rose to his feet. Shoes had never looked so ominous. "You're very eager for us to reconcile. Not long ago you were trying to steal him away."
Why did John keep going on about that?
“You even burnt a fucking Windsor Blue Menthol. I think they violate international bans on biological weapons.” John paused, eyes narrowing as he sniffed, reflected, and soldiered on resolutely. “But the thing with the left thumb—”
"No two of us would have done it quite the same way."
He cleared his throat. “Didn't get to thank you the other day.”
"Positive reinforcement."
M/M sexytimes herein. If you have read this far and still think you don't like that sort of thing, I don't know what to say.
He shifted to stretch his shoulder and Sherlock's arm tightened around him until he lay still again with an aristocratic nose pressed behind his ear.
"You appear to require it."
"Not now."
Mycroft nodded—this was nothing they hadn't considered—but it confirmed that the person they were searching for had military command experience.
The streets to the hospital were remarkably clear of traffic. Sherlock had turned his head away and stared out the window into the night. Neither of them spoke. What, after all, would they have had to say?
visibly armed and armoured. He and Sherlock were scrutinised by an unfamiliar major who spoke briefly into her headset and then waved them through to the elevators together with a new escort.
or I am leaving and your colonel can just shoot me. And if you'd stopped to think about it for a minute you'd have realised how tasteless continuing that comparison would be since consent is rather the point of both acts."
“Oh, absolutely. I'll just pop inside so you can run off to the car, shall I?” John stepped in close and stated flatly, “I'm not as clever as you, I know that. I’m not going to argue with you. I'll just break your bloody metatarsals so you can't outrun me.”
Three days later, John returned to the flat in the small hours of the morning to find that Sherlock had neither eaten nor slept since he'd left, and had apparently spent the entire time pacing, licking nicotine patches, snapping at Mrs Hudson, and blowing up all their tea. John changed his long-standing opinion that night and decided that yes, rage sex
Sherlock jackknifed upright and snarled, “I’ll take the bloody case.”
. Why would Sherlock hide his phone in the car? And why on the passenger side, when he'd been driving?
had to be aware on some level that the man had found him sexually appealing.
John in Bruges. Greg in Sherlock's black books, and vice versa. Mrs Hudson unable to rein in his high-strung brother at the best of times. And Mycroft
“Which is...brilliant. My God. Talk about thorough.”
In short order, John had been scanned, physically examined, cleared to leave, and given a painkiller for his knee. He had declined to take a prescription for the same back to the flat.
said to surrender to get to enemy headquarters. Patently wrong.” Sherlock had started tapping again.
Sherlock had him up against the bedroom wall before the door had finished slamming shut.
When he finally woke up properly in the late morning, the shower was running and a new woollen jumper sat on his chair. Propped on it, easily visible, was a note:
It matters to him for that reason."
Thank you from the bottom of my heart, every patient saint of you who waited, encouraged me, and responded to this fic during its very long hiatus. My gratitude is humble and endless. I am deeply sorry to those of you to whose comments I have not yet replied, and I am slowly attempting to catch up whenever life allows.
“Sherlock? Got your text.”
"He certainly will," Mycroft said with absolute truthfulness.
Sherlock said from doorway. “Mink frog.”
"Well, if you ask me, they only did it so they couldn't be forced to testify against each other."
Not acceptable. John never answered texts during coitus and it was simply intolerable that he might miss a case because he was thus occupied. No. Sherlock needed John; the Work needed John. Otherwise there might be Anderson. Not acceptable at all.
“...Ah. I'll have cleaners out in the morning, shall I?”
taken the matter out of Robbie's hands.
He resolutely did not think about how
you understand? Tiger’d been waiting for an excuse for two years and now he had one. He took volunteers into the mountains and they wiped out the kid’s village, every fucking thing that moved, down to the
Moments later he heard shattering glass, a shrill alarm, and then shouting. He had the car in gear when Tobin yanked open the back door and Sherlock flung himself in, arms wrapped around what looked like a backup computer drive. “Go, go!” Tobin shouted to John, landing half on top of Sherlock and slamming the door shut. He heard bullets hit the armoured side of the car and stomped on the accelerator.
little brother lost John Watson and if they were all very lucky, he only spiralled into ever-increasing doses of cocaine until one day he found the dose that burned out his heart.
"Dublin." Mycroft broke eye contact to collect his coat and umbrella. "We'll need an answer in short order, please; we'll arrange a cover story if you decide to accept the offer—attending medical conferences and the like, I suppose. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have another appointment."
"Right, I can tell you're not even listening. Just...would you just apologise? When we get out of the car, would you just take one minute and apologise? Because yes, I know it's their job and yes, I know Mycroft would have them killed if they
"I had noticed that about him, yeah."
It took only a few moments for a black car to stop at the wide end of the alley. By then all garments had been tucked, buttoned, straightened, or—in the case of John's tie—located in a pile of unidentifiable alleyway horror and left to dissolve. The lines of their trousers had returned with remarkable swiftness, for which they had Mycroft to thank.
"Lestrade, come here." Sherlock pointed to a spot on the ground below the railing that looked like every other spot beneath the railing. "John, take a look."
Sherlock flipped a hand for him to continue.
“You started it.” He was treated to the sight of a bright flush moving across Sherlock's naked skin.
Mycroft shoved the arm off, his breath hitching as the hand slid roughly along his ribs, and rolled onto his side, coiling his body around the injury. "Get the evidence," he said between gritted teeth. Neither his dentist nor his physician was going to be pleased. "Get me enough to take down Fitzhugh. Figure out what we need to do it, Sherlock, so we can get John out of there as soon as possible."
"Touch the jacket again," he snarled, "and I will let Anderson take a sledgehammer to the bloody skull. I will
Banks was in motion, headed for the door. He twisted as John landed on him, squirming like an eel and catching John in the abdomen with a knee, and that was the
John thought,
“Cigarette smoke,” moaned Sherlock rapturously.
Greg thought he should be recording this. He could play it at the next post-case pub meet.
Author's note: Please thank
He lay still, wondering why every bloody morning in London was overcast except the one when he had a hangover. The early morning Saturday traffic noise drifted in from the streets below, and from next door came the unmistakable sounds of Mrs Turner's married ones engaging in enthusiastic weekend marital relations. John was on friendly terms with the couple, had eaten lunch a time or two with them at Speedy's, and found them to be generally good blokes, if a bit dull, but at that particular moment he hated them with spectacular intensity.
"You figured that out from practically nothing. That's
(though that was there, of course) but rather
The look John shot him had made mere corporals piss themselves. With a glance at Mrs Hudson, he pressed his lips together and popped open the flaps of the box. The card on top of the gift read,
He was going to have a damned good career: he was going to be a surgeon, which meant he could heal people for a living and God, that would be brilliant too, almost as brilliant as sex. It was the best part of sex, actually, aside from the orgasms, of course: the warm satisfaction when a desperate, shaking alpha put himself in John's care, letting John make it better—that was healing, that was what he craved every time he steadied an alpha's hands on his hips and shoved himself onto a lovely swollen cock.
"Dead or wounded, then; no backup from him. Would he have trusted Malcolm Harris if he'd come to the gate tonight?"
It was
John made a sharply aborted motion towards the house.
"We shouldn't have this conversation right now because Mrs Hudson is going to interrupt us, but we shall have it, John," he said reprovingly. "You haven't been honest with me."
Sherlock kissed his thigh and lifted his face again. "Everything," he said hoarsely. "Don't keep anything from me."
Not exactly the talk John had been planning to have with him today.
John wiped his watering eyes and wet chin on the posh shirt. “No, you're not.”
“Yoo hoo, boys, your milk's come, and one of your papers. Oh, and Mrs Turner's married ones have sent you a wedding present.” She offered it to Sherlock, who waved it towards John and took the paper instead, snapping it open to read the headlines and ignoring John's tightly furious expression. “The way you boys went about things, we didn't have a chance to throw you a proper reception. Of course you have everything you need, I suppose. Not like you need another toaster or a set of monogrammed towels.”
“Well then, clearly what I should have done was send in brothers, daughters, husbands, fathers, nieces to die as well, senseless death after senseless death for vengeance's sake.” Mycroft had always received high marks for oration.  He didn’t usually indulge, but the rhythm mirrored the sudden pounding of his heart and the inexplicable flood of adrenaline in his veins.  “How many do we throw into that maw, Fitzhugh?  ”
"Give me your phone," he ordered. The poof dug into his pocket and came up with an expensive black one, which Harris threw into the shrubbery because he wasn't stupid. "Get in," he said, gesturing with the gun to the driver's seat. "I'll tell you where to go."
M/M sexytimes herein, darlings. If you've read this far and are still telling yourself that kind of thing isn't for you, please research the phenomenon known as "denial."
The response was everything he'd hoped for, although he pulled a muscle in his neck avoiding a broken nose when Sherlock's hips bucked a bit too enthusiastically. He sent a silent apology and heartfelt thanks to every woman who'd ever gone down on him. Moments later he realised it wasn't all one-sided pleasure as Sherlock's hands held his head and traced circles in his hair while he made small, shallow thrusts into John's mouth and much to his surprise John's spent cock twitched.
John made a pained noise, and Sherlock realized blue eyes were looking at his own reflection in John's window. The man turned and examined his face, then said, "Shit," and slid his foot over to rest against Sherlock's. "Stop," he said. "Whatever you're thinking, stop. I didn't say no."
Right. Right. He could work this.
John really didn't need to make the second call, because he already knew. He knew but he had to hear it just in case he was wrong. He wanted so much to be wrong. Please, God, let him be wrong about this.
"One thing. I had one thing to give you. It meant something to me. My choice to say yes was the one thing I had to give and you took that and made it meaningless. Saying yes was the whole
Sherlock was watching his face closely. "You said yes," he stated, not quite questioning but not quite certain, either.
Robbie wasn't currently on the Dog Unit (or the Dog Squad, as they called themselves, never mind the bloody public relations). He'd transferred back onto the street eight months ago, after some lowlife piece of shit hiding a meth lab had set a bear trap under snow and Casey'd lost the lower half of his leg and been retired.
“It gave you some slight measure of protection. Mycroft can't do anything to you that he can't do to me. Of course, you've seen what he can do to me.”
John felt very, very drunk all of a sudden.
# # #
Yes, he could imagine it only too well.
# # #
# # #
if you really have to someday, you can. If it's just...too much. The option is there. Yes?”
But he didn't. He didn't because Sherlock had gained nearly four pounds and had lost the frightening grey undertone to his skin and the ketones on his breath. He slept, sometimes—still not nearly enough, but he did sometimes sleep instead of falling into an exhausted stupor, and Mycroft knew with absolute certainty that there were no needle marks on him even in the hidden places. He would keep his mouth shut and buy John Watson a new suit every damned day of his life for the nightmares he was no longer having about getting The Call, the one that stopped his heart: not the one that said, "A pinpoint nuclear bomb has been detonated at Whitehall" but the one that said, "Sir, we need you to identify a bo—"
When teasing and worshiping turned to urgency and fierce joining, the words these two could not say, might never say, burned between them and left them shaking.
The visitor was one of Sherlock's homeless network with John's waterlogged and thoroughly ruined phone, which Sherlock exchanged for a wad of bills and (at John's insistence) an address with a hot shower and change of clothes waiting. Sherlock extracted the chip and John spent an hour researching replacement phones and wondering when he'd be able to limp out to the shop.
He didn't. He remembered rounding the corner, seeing Crombley's shoulder move forward and back, feeling the knife point bang down ribs on its way to his stomach. He remembered Donovan skidding around him, slapping Crombley's wrist from below, forcing it up. He remembered Crombley kicking her in the face. He definitely remembered her punching the bastard straight in the bollocks, and would probably see that in his sleep for months to come. But he didn't remember much afterwards.
"Bloody good observation, that."
“It's likely I'll need to make some adjustments in my habits. Inconvenient, as I said.”
Because alphas did have a rather shitty lot in life, and John couldn't do much about that, but he could make sure any alpha he shared a heat with was safe and respected and really, really well fucked by the time he was finished. It wasn't like it was a bloody sacrifice on his part. And he loved it, oh, he
"Oh, there's an idea! I'll just tuck this back—"
Sherlock frowned. "Have I given you any reason to doubt it?"
Things were not settled, but they were better.
"Hmph." John read over his entry so far and backspaced over everything but the title.
in his thoughts as he ran his thumb over the edge of the dogtags, and didn't think about desks at all.
"I've had three hours of sleep in the last two days and I was in surgery for most of one of those. Could I at least have coffee and toast before you start in on me?"
he wasn't going to lie still as ordered, how could they have expected him to do when he thought he was fighting for his life? His John would never lie still and let anyone kill him quietly.
"Oh, God, I want a hot shower. I want, wanna put my feet right into the fire. That would feel so good. And dry. I remember dry. Dry was nice."
Holmes clearly hates it, but he looks to Watson for reassurance and does what Watson wants him to do, and when Watson beams, Holmes breathes a little easier and struts a little more.   Robbie thinks,
# # #
"Thank you, my loyal John."
John would apologize soon and then everything would be better. He had a great deal to apologize for but Sherlock was prepared to be generous.
Oh. Right. He really should have seen
“Just the two of them, single room, no hiding places. Harris is on the floor and Sherlock's got him covered. Does he know how to use a gun? His grip's odd.”
"We got it," he gasped, grinning foolishly with adrenaline and oxygen deprivation.
There was something lost there, he thought, lost forever, and Sherlock understood that only too well even if he still didn't understand why.
"It's all right, Colonel. Captain Watson and I will—"
# # #
“I set Lestrade's flat on fire, so he'll need to stay here until he finds a new one,” Sherlock informed him. Mycroft noted the absence of the word “accidentally.”
"Jesus, there you are. Have you gone into witness protection?"
“John, oh God, you're being ridiculous. We'll do it again, as many times as you want but don't
“There are a few perquisites to go with the annoyances.” He toyed with a stoppered flask of—oh, that was where the chlorine trifluoride had got to. Best set that aside. “Mycroft's penned us in. We've come to the attention of influential people now, and we'll need him to keep them off our backs.” He drew a breath. “John, I know—oh, bloody hell,
A little while later, when the lights were off and Greg was drifting in a pleasant fog of relaxation, Mycroft said, “Another time, one without asparagus, I would—if you like, I would be willing. It was only that particular taste.”
“At least eight, then. Severity?”
They were both stunned when Sherlock's muscles instantly slackened and he dropped bonelessly to the mattress.
# # #
"You sleep better with someone alert nearby."
"Mycroft." Sherlock floundered momentarily and then straightened with a sly expression.
# # #
This thing—whatever it is between us, it's in a—a formative stage."
“They wrapped my shirt over his face and told him they’d give him to me. I was—I was just starting to go into heat, my shirt reeked of it, and he was
Christmas was wretched.
The evening had suddenly become far less dull.
Now Sherlock did turn around, and he dragged his eyes across the floor, up the line of the desk, to Mycroft's face. "Sometimes he wears cardigans."
"How many surgeons could have performed that operation?"
It started to rain, the slow, steadily increasing sort of drizzle that meant it was settling in for the day. Again. London had not had one full fucking dry day since he'd returned. His shoulder would ache tonight, what with the weather and the pounding he was inflicting on it. His bedsit already reeked of damp and depression and pain-sweat even to his sorry nose, and this wasn't going to help matters.
"And watch it explode. Stop pushing this and start using that massive intellect to figure out how to give ourselves time and still solve this case."
Then shot him in the chest.
"Apparently you got here three hours ago."
"And John? If you ever touch someone else that way, I will do bad things, very bad things, and Mycroft will cover them up."
Greg's mouth quirked. A moment later he pulled out his mobile. That one was too good not to share.
"I wondered if I might ask a favour." At Mycroft's inquiring look, he continued, "I wondered if you could recommend a shop where I could get a good suit. Something in my price range." He was gratified to note the man was not naif enough to think he did not know what his price range was to the penny.
The total
They check for brain-scent next. She investigates the stones, the wall, the street. She's thorough and focused, attention slipping only once when a baby with a ripe nappy goes by in a pram, which is good for her age. After fifteen minutes she's given them no positive response so they conclude Holmes' skull hadn't cracked open when he hit and call her off.
"No. No, he saw it as a choke-chain, to force me to stay. It's not something that matters to him."
To every single person who read, subscribed, lurked, gave kudos, bookmarked, and commented:  Thank you.  No fanauthor writes in a vacuum, and the feedback and encouragement you provided was essential.
He was surprised; he'd thought he'd be out of the information loop after the surgery. He skimmed the notes, pleased to see the prognosis for a return of at least moderate function in the hand. Considering the injury, Mycroft's agent was lucky not to have needed a prosthetic.
"Harris? Ah. It
John loved the soft-eyed willingness of alphas, loved the way they squirmed and shivered and let their mouths fall open to scent him better. He loved being able to pick the Jammie Dodgers and Frazzles from the lunches they instinctively offered him. He loved the way they let him crowd them in dark corners, let him press back into them, breathing heavily, begging
He turned from the window at the annoyed tone and regarded the figure in the doorway. "Oh, you're angry."
They hadn't told him why they'd wanted the shirt.
"No, no, that's...fine. I could sleep through Guy Fawkes tonight, I think. I'm not kicking you out of your bed, am I? I can make it up to mine."
“Yeah, well,” John ground his heel between the C4 and C5 vertebrae, to Harris's pained hiss, “if you have—if you've hurt him—” His foot pressed down harder and Harris gasped but didn't dare struggle. Soldiers' dark humour, the ditty everyone knew about injuries:
# # #
“Gertrude Jekyll. What happened?”
Voice, the one John had heard most recently whilst listening to the sleet and watching Sherlock's eyes shift from grey to green to blue as the sweat had dried on the body beneath him. He'd tried not to swallow too conspicuously as Sherlock smoothly extended his hand to Helen.
John scrubbed vigorously—Jesus Christ, how was there curry in his bloody
A sharp rap at the door preceded the appearance of a stocky man in a doctor's coat, who seemed surprised to see John and Sherlock there and surprised again to see Mycroft alert. He said with a sigh, “If they let you on this floor, there's no point in my saying you shouldn't be disturbing my patient because I won't be able to throw you out. The lads outside have been over my security clearance so I suppose you'll be wanting to grill me on my medical credentials.”
“Switch it on. I'll text you with the information for Mycroft when I have it. Take the car with the scrape; tell Mycroft—”
His civilian doctors had recommended lifestyle changes for the betterment of his health.
Too old to stitch, it turned out once John had a look at it, and full of debris, mostly fibre but glass flakes as well. "You should have had this cleaned at once," he said, knowing he might as well have been scolding a houseplant for all the notice Sherlock would take. "It's probably going to scar. Is this some kind of twisted apology?"
"Here," said Sherlock, suddenly shoving John hard against the alley wall. John was still searching for the threat when he realized Sherlock's hand was protecting the back of his skull from the concrete and then a tall coat-wrapped body was slamming against his own. Hit from behind, John thought, and got ready to fight, but Sherlock was biting at his lips and palming him roughly through his trousers, and this wasn't the urgent, heated groping of lovers but something darker.
body language) is finally being as admired as he ought to be.
The rest of the cab ride was less terrible.
He ought to have been shaking. Any normal person would have been shaking right now, and instead his left hand was rock-steady. There was something wrong with him, deep-down wrong, to get steadier in the face of awfulness like this.
Sherlock was, as expected, obnoxious, obstreperous, and thoroughly vicious, and Mycroft would cheerfully have stabbed his ferrule through the little bastard's foot a hundred times over the next nine hours and sixteen minutes had Sherlock ever come down off the furniture.
“This is it. Get out.”
The problem with living with Sherlock, John thought eventually, attempting to ignore the increasingly urgent pressure in his bladder as he lay very still, was that you never, never, ever knew the significance of anything. With some other person—some average, ordinary,
Author's note: M/M sexytimes herein. If that's not your cup of tea than I don't know how you missed it in the previous chapters but you'll want to be going now.
Once, long ago, a rugby ball had hit John's solar plexus very, very hard. For some reason, he remembered that now.
John had so far been irrationally resistant to Sherlock's suggestions that he dispense with the social niceties of courtship and simply hire a professional when he felt the need (which would accomplish the same goal but take up far less of John's time), insisting emotional connection was integral to his enjoyment. Sherlock had very nearly questioned how John's masturbation fit into this frame, but a certain tightness about John's jaw suggested his mind had already beaten Sherlock there and Sherlock's kidneys would become intimately acquainted with John's boot if those words were ever uttered.
He wanted to hear the sounds he'd made coming from Sherlock's throat.
Sherlock huffed but agreed with an exaggerated eyeroll. It was probably best to concede the small points to put John in a more compliant mood.
That pitiful, needy whining noise was most certainly not coming from
John lathered his hair a fourth time and told himself he was making sure all the trimmed bits were out, which might have been more convincing if any of his hair had been longer than two centimetres.
"Bully for you; I was eight and I wasn't, so she explained it in a way I could understand. She said if you shook up a chrysalis, you'd disrupt the process and only ever have a cocoon of goo. She also told me that when the butterfly hatched, I couldn't blow on its wings to dry them faster so it could fly sooner, because it took time for them to straighten out and they had to stay moist until then or they'd be deformed."
"If the house had been breached, there would be unmistakable signals." John motioned him to silence. Out in the darkness there were soft footsteps on the gravel pathway. One person.
John shook his head and continued to scowl out into the night. Dear God, trying to talk with the man was even more tedious than arguing with Sherlock.
# # #
It would be the formal sitting room for the confrontation, of course.  Very dramatic stage-setting there, all the trappings of power and status.  Likely Fitzhugh had already started on the brandy, confident of his victory.
"Just had to stop thinking with the wrong head."
"I'm...glad to hear that, glad I could help." He couldn't help shooting a sideways glance to see if Sherlock was listening, but all he could see was the bow tapping against the fingers of his free hand behind his back.
8.) Because at the end of it all, if Sherlock were a woman, John would love her still.
Sherlock, I bought it and don't you dare go tossing it out because I'm not spending a couple of hundred pounds every time you—what are you choking on?"), for her expression to settle into a polite, distant mask, for the conversation to trickle off as she made her excuses and glided away to talk to someone with more potentially useful connections.
# # #
"Oh, all right. We can talk in the car."
Oh Jesus Jesus Jesus let him be right about why Mycroft was still stiff when the treatment for cracked ribs wasn't binding them, not anymore, so there was another reason and oh Jesus fucking Christ let him be right. He aimed for the heart because if he was right—
having this discussion with you."
"I have contacts—"
"Moriarty?"
Most particular thanks to Pat_is_fannish, ancientreader, and AxeMeAboutAxinomancy, for friendship above and beyond.
You don't have your bloody armour and we won't have time to carry you if you get yourself shot, the window of opportunity here is too short for that. You're a liability and I need you gone so I can concentrate. Go and plaster Mycroft's knees; it's all you're good for now. Your grasp of military tactics is abysmal, by the way; it's a good thing they never let you lead a squad.”
"I can't work without data—"
He couldn't bring himself to look at John directly, but the window made a perfectly adequate mirror. He noted the stress lines around dark eyes, the tension in the set of the unshaven jaw. Impossible to miss the rigidity of the spine, the fixed stare out the window. Sherlock still had enough self-control not to actually cringe but something under his sternum clenched and made itself into a small, tight ball.
Mycroft unsteepled his fingers, opened his eyes, and said, "Have Lestrade of the Yard sent to UCH to look for John Watson. Tell him not to rely on admission records; physically search for the man."
"I would also," he said, voice rising even though the smarter part of his brain was now jumping frantically up and down and waving warning flags,"like it quite a lot if you could manage to
# # #
he thought, almost fondly. “Don't know that I'm in the mood for bee—
He woke on a narrow bed with the softest, crispest sheets he'd ever touched. Right, then. He was in the safe-house Mycroft had insisted on. A very, very posh safe-house. Sherlock was pacing and messing about with his phone on the other side of the room instead of tearing around London, so they must still be in lockdown.
"Yeah," said John. "It was. That unbelievably stupid arsehole with delusions of grandeur has Sherlock, who is a genius and a loose cannon and
It wasn't at all what Sherlock had thought power would feel like.
"Here we are, now. I thought you boys would like a keepsake. You kept it so quiet! I understand not wanting a fuss or a crowd but I thought you'd at least tell—well, no matter. Young people these days! In
# # #
Greg had absolutely no idea what was going on there, but the temperature in the room rose about twenty degrees and John's ears flushed pink. He resisted the urge to loosen his collar, mainly because any action that led eventually toward having fewer clothes on was disturbing. He really wouldn't have minded having an encounter suit on hand just then, as a matter of fact.
him exactly, because they weren't introduced, but was in the same room at the same time—DI Lestrade's people had found the body in the wall just where Holmes had said it would be, and the man had spun triumphantly on his heel and laughed.
dropped him dead. And whilst Harris could imagine being pissed off enough to kill somebody you knew, there was something more than a little scary about watching a bloke do it so calmly. He tried to imagine doing that to his girlfriend's brother and thought he couldn't, not without being really drunk and really angry. Couldn't do it in cold blood.
This is Victor all over again. Not this time, Mycroft. You're not the only one with influence anymore."
"Oh, Dr Stamford came by and I made him a cuppa since you weren't here. I have to say, John, he was a bit put out that you hadn't told him, seeing as he'd introduced the two of you, but I explained about Mycroft and how none of us were invited and I think he understands."
"Suck up," Sherlock supplied helpfully.
On second thought, it
Sherlock lowered his paper a few inches and glared over the top. “You're having salacious thoughts about something that isn't me. Direct violation of our agreement. Stop it.”
Sherlock was still asleep when he returned, for which John was unspeakably thankful because that meant there was a chance he'd never find out what the married ones John had run into at the shop'd had to say about John's apparent...talent, going by the screams coming from 221B the night before. He'd thought his blazing ears might actually set his hair alight when Liam had calmly reached into his basket and pulled out one of the three bottles of lube John had placed in there. "Not this one, love," he'd said in a brotherly fashion. "You need extra-thick if you're going to go at it like that." He'd tossed in a different brand with a slap on the shoulder that made John pray for the earth to swallow him.
Sherlock bit his earlobe and he made a garbled noise that certainly was not "stop." God, it was
leftover takeaway box he'd opened faded before he tried eating. There would have to be another talk with Sherlock about labelling. The contents had been...vivid. And squirming.
John woke the next morning to discover Sherlock had curled himself on the sofa like a greyhound and again wedged his knee into John's crotch. He had a moment of nostalgia for Afghanistan, when all he'd had to worry about were scorpions, the occasional lion, and being shot at. Things were simpler then.
Mycroft remembered Montague Street, remembered hunching over his brother's body and hyperventilating as he dialled 999, silently begging
"M'gran grew them. Won prizes. Highly competitive, those dahlia growers. Downright cut-throat."
Not knowing who to trust meant no backup, either, beyond the colonel whose name he didn't even know, much less what his background or skills were or, for that matter, if he was actually Mycroft's man for certain, although it looked that way.
John slowly lifted his foot and stepped back. Harris coughed and rolled up to his feet beside Tobin, the sane one, his new best friend.
A person did not live with Sherlock Holmes without picking up something of his methods, something of his instincts, if not his mad genius.
“And I'm coming back.”
The car stopped in front of a building on what John assumed was Gopsall Street. Sherlock had the door open whilst the car was still rolling. “This way. No, not you, John, stay here. Trade phones. Don't
Thanks are also due
"If you're trying to bribe me into staying in a sham marriage by offering me children I swear to Christ I will put my fist in your throat. Neither a marriage nor a child is a bloody
But John didn't leave, and Sherlock clutched that to himself like a talisman.
# # #
"You never asked if I could drive," Sherlock complained, using his elbow to bat away the revolver shoved into his ribs, "you just told me to do it. I complied. Now remove that before we hit something and you shoot me by accident and have to explain to your employer why both Holmeses are dead with nothing to show for it."
He hates that she doesn't laugh much anymore.
She made sure he saw her tick “severe” on the tablet. Eliza had an eidetic memory and Mycroft's record would be wiped before she left the building, so the gesture was especially pointed.
, without whose help you would all be cringing as you read this.  All blunders are my own.
John was quite familiar with all flavours of the You Are an Idiot looks and had no trouble recognising this one.  “Protect this family.  In the national interest.”
And all John could do was to brace his hands on the counter and breathe and breathe and breathe.
Sometimes he fantasised about leaving off the condom, letting his ejaculate soak his partner's skin, triggering the mating bond, feeling the knot rise for him to clamp down on. He thought about how he would finally feel full. About how he would finally never again feel alone. About how grateful his alpha would be that John could make it better, so much better. Mostly, because he was in his twenties and randy almost constantly, he thought about how incredible the orgasms would be, orders of magnitude more intense, the result of alpha hyperejaculation. Someday. Someday.
# # #
suggestive that a flat in a prime area of central London—specifically, 221C, a terrible security risk if occupied—remained unlet and empty, damp notwithstanding? Or that Mrs Hudson had ceased to receive bills for any utility at Baker Street since Mycroft's brother had moved into her building?
# # #
All Sherlock had ever had to do was indicate somehow that yes, I suspect, John, that I may be interested in you as well. He'd have known the feeling was mutual and he'd be risking nothing. Instead, the man had been sneaking around getting
He drank in the sight of his John deep in passion, chest flushed, hips rocking, throat working around low, earthy moans. His phallus stood to attention between them, proud and wet with arousal, and Sherlock reached to glide his fingertips over the head in small circles. The moans turned to shuddering cries and he found himself driving up into the body clenched so wonderfully around his own, wanting more, more,
bring Ava to St Swithin's after nightfall? Robbie's stomach sinks, because Ava's a cadaver specialist, not their best live tracker, and this means they think that missing boy was murdered.
"You keep
"John's to be your brother-in-law.
“Oh my God.” John sat heavily on the bed. It was that or the floor. “That's—that's
"We met each other's needs. You've done as much with people you hardly knew and you didn't find that distasteful. Why should this be?"
"You're dripping down my legs. Get under the blanket, y'idiot. Stir up the fire first, would you?"
"This is your lucky day; I'm a doctor."
position over the flagstones again, looking for approval, and before Robbie has to point it out to him, Jason realises he's being an arse and calls her off.
#  #  #
Some acts can be learned only through experience. John had not yet been the receptive partner during intercourse, given their mutual inexperience with that configuration; Sherlock's tentative advances in that area now were well received. Fingers were familiar, and John's body readily accepted them as he moaned and spread his thighs shamelessly. Neither of them was prepared for John's involuntary clench upon phallic penetration, nor for Sherlock's resulting involuntary buck. John's fingers closed on pale hips so hard they left purple marks blooming beneath the tips and he choked out "Wait" with watering eyes.
Sherlock sprang up and paced agitatedly. “You keep saying that. What had we not already given each other? Was there anything that wasn't just a formality?” He whirled, placing his hands on the bed on either side of John and leaning intrusively close. “We kept
Mortified, Sherlock froze, whispering urgent apologies. A moment later John opened damp lashes, grinned, and said with somewhat forced cheerfulness, "Let's try that again, why don't we? A bit slower this time."
“Good.” He threw the phone back to John and turned his attention to the one in his lap.
“Yes, Murray! I'll explain later, we haven’t
Although, really, it was hard to see how it could get much worse. Tomorrow he'd see about finding a place to stay for a while, until he sorted things.
# # #
John's world had been a very different place ever since the tailor Mycroft had recommended had discreetly murmured that Sir would perhaps find pants ruined the line of his trousers and that this had been taken into account in the structural details. John's mental faculties had immediately short-circuited whilst trying to remember if he had ever, ever, ever noticed VPL on Sherlock's arse. Oh, God, was he seventeen?
Clearly his hair was too long, so he'd gone to the barber that afternoon.
# # #
His lips were numb. His tongue was thick and uncooperative. “All you've done is replace one addiction with another. He's got to be something more than your new habit, Sherlock.” His hands were all pins and needles. His heel throbbed. He fumbled with the car door and clambered through, slamming it behind him.
Tobin had crept beneath the nearest window, head pressed to the wall in an attempt to hear via conduction, gesturing for John to stay back. He crouched to peer in a corner of the window, backing quietly to John after a few moments.
My long-suffering beta,
When he noticed Sherlock had taken his phone in exchange, he shook his head and grinned to himself in a way that made Adrian Jameswood blink, give him a second look, then rejoin their conversation with considerably more interest.
"John—"
This fell under the category of a Bit Not Good at All.
The man started to go to his knees, but Greg wanted male musk and body hair and a fat prick on his tongue, wanted to remember exactly who he was with. He drew him up and pressed him towards the bed. “Let me.” His voice was much rougher than when they'd started, and he liked the way the man's eyes went wide and dark.
got one up on
After a moment, John said, “Can't help but see that bit as a very significant aspect of the metaphor you're creating here.” He put the lid back on the box and sat on the bed.
He likes her so much he feels giddy.
time when I threw the whole thing out and rewrote it (and never once offered to turn me into shoes.  Not within my hearing, anyway).  And as ever, my deepest gratitude to every single person who commented, gave kudos, subscribed, and/or lurked.  Thank you for engaging with this story.
John didn't see how it happened, but by the time they arrived at Moorgate there were six heavy black cars surrounding their own battered one, and he was politely but insistently edged out of his lane and onto the side of a road that was utterly deserted. Tobin made two more calls and exchanged three more passcodes before he holstered his gun and told John to unlock the doors.
# # #
# # #
to disrupt that.
When he woke, he was alone. There was a blanket over him and the Union Jack pillow under his head, but when he called blearily, "Sherlock?" there was no answer. He slept again.
A word, if you please,” and jerked his head towards the doorway.
"John, no! We have an
“What the hell was that about, you nutter?!”
"All I'm saying is that it might be a good idea not to piss off the blokes whose job it is to take a bullet to save your arse."
There's a big splash in the news, of course, when word gets out. St Swithin's is crawling with reporters and rubberneckers the next day, making it three times as hard to search the woods for more bodies. Robbie and Ava sit quietly by the police van as the constables herd people out of the area. He strokes her ears and watches Holmes and Watson.
Author's note: M/M sexytimes herein. If that's not your cup of tea then boy are
"Okay."
Sherlock told himself shakily, after a long moment.
# # #
When at last the ambulance had arrived at the hospital, John had walked from it under his own power and apparently of his own free will. His limp was considerably worse. Probably legitimately seeking treatment, then.
has my undying gratitude for squeezing this in amongst a plethora of more important doings.  Wail and gnash your teeth with envy, for she is mine and
My God, he'd thought, blinking in astonishment. I can look like this? I've never looked like this. I could go clubbing with hair like this. And they'd
The bed was warm and soft and full of Sherlock, and for once John didn't have to hurry off to the toilet. He left his eyes closed and pressed a kiss to the skin under his lips; Sherlock drew him in closer and sighed deeply.
"Although this comes very close to swaying me.
John's outraged “Me?!” was overrun by Mrs Hudson's, “Are you two having a bit of a tiff, then? Well, with all the gadding about you boys get up to I suppose you haven't had time to settle into your new life as you ought. It can be a bit stressful, you know. All that change. You must remember to make time just for yourselves, especially at the beginning. That's one of the secrets of a happy marriage: making time.”
Sherlock was still sleeping when John had made dinner and washed up, so he left a wrapped plate on the nightstand and slipped into bed next to the long, sleek form that was now as necessary to his happiness as breath.
And Robbie falls helplessly, hopelessly, utterly arse-over-teakettle in love.
# # #
Sherlock took the stairs two at a time.
Well. That tone was...stimulating.
"I don't eat when I'm on a case, Mycroft."
There was an unmistakable scent lingering in Sherlock's room when they settled John into the bed, although the sheets were freshly laundered (and Greg hated himself for noticing that, as if it mattered, as if it were any of his business).
of cold laptop dropped on Sherlock's abdomen, followed by John's footsteps again, this time on the stair to his bedroom.
Sherlock sighed. "I'll see you at the flat."
# # #
“I won't even try to run.”  That was a lie and they both knew it, but there were rituals to be observed. Kabuki theatre, stylisation and set form, with hyperbolic oration added for good measure. “I'll be sitting right here when they come for me.  Someone has to stop you and I am the only one who can reach you.  I'm willing to pay the price.”
Mycroft stabbed his umbrella spike into the pavement outside that squalid little flat and reminded himself his dentist had warned him not to grind his upper molar lest it crack. Damnable, irresponsible
“So I got the kid patched up and then my heat came on. Wasn’t due for another two days; I had arrangements to meet a friend in Kandahar and spend it with him, but...but the kid brought it on sooner and...I had to get out of there, get back to my own tent, at least. Alphas aren’t deployed into warzones, so I was alone. Bill, my medtech, he tried to help, but he’s human. Christ, it
lie to me; you're absolutely shit at it and I won't be coddled.”
Obeying
John rubbed gritty eyes and wished he'd had a cup of coffee before his shower. He was sure he wasn't up to this yet, whatever it was going to be. He opened his mouth to refuse.
Sherlock grunted. He had his own nightmares about bombs now.
"What would you prescribe for yourself if you weren't living with a junkie?"
Applause, please, for
, who figured out why this chapter was kicking my arse, and
"The patient sends his personal thanks as well, Doctor. He understood the risks and is happy with the results."
"Three
Well, he certainly wasn't up to that before he'd had some tea. He'd pop down to Speedy's, come back for a shower, then go to the supermarket.
“God, I needed that,” he sighed, stretching his stockinged feet towards the fire and splaying out his toes. “I don't even want to think about what's in my bedroom, given the fridge. Something awful, I'm sure; he was right pissed off.”
Any plan he could come up with, Sherlock would see through in minutes, so—yes!—he needed a meta-plan. That was good. What if...there was no pattern for Sherlock to deduce? What if John just did random odd things, things he wouldn't normally do, and let Sherlock try to string them together?
“And what,” Sherlock drawled sardonically, “did you do in the name of this battlefield morality, Doctor?”
# # #
# # #
No-one could tell him how much functionality he might recover, or when, or if. He'd clearly never be a surgeon again, but he hoped he might one day be able to zip his trousers with his left hand and walk without a sodding cane. But hope—well, hope was the most dangerous emotion. Hope made soldiers and patients fight losing battles as if they could win. Better to know from the outset if there was no hope, and plan accordingly.
By then he'd seen so many people make the same recalculation regarding his social status that he could anticipate every glance, every mental shift.
Once again,
"So I would imagine."
Late that night, after the strategical discussions were over for the day and after Sherlock had brought him to a throat-shattering, messy orgasm over the side of the bed (whatever the hell had gotten into him, John hoped it stuck around for a while), John dreamt of chasing a traitor through a dark and crowded Underground, his Browning in one hand and a chrysalis in the other, trying to run fast enough to protect Sherlock without jostling the fragile life inside the cocoon and failing at both.
# # #
# # #
# # #
the insufferable shit.
"Didn't think you'd want this, with a case on."
Somehow the man managed to swagger whilst sitting down. The sheer masculine pride radiating from him nearly gave John sunburn.
“Yeah—“
"That was good, John, very clever, good reasoning." He was repeating himself but his mind seemed to have developed a stutter now that John was pressed to him, his intoxicating scent rising from the open collar of his shirt. "Very good." He let his hands slide up from hips to shoulders, lifting the body more tightly against him. John's breath, broken and hot, caressed his neck, followed by small, maddening nips.
"It...matters."
# # #
"Is this..." John was rarely hesitant. "Is it all right if we do this now? If it's...more than sex, when you have to be sharp and brilliant and on your guard in just a little while? Would it, um, be a distraction?"
"You can imagine his reaction if I tell him he needs to prove himself to my peers."
"Two twenty-one Baker Street," he told the cabbie, and the woman said, "Can't go straight there, mate. Accidents everywhere on this ice, blocking the roads. I'll have to take you by side streets."
"No, I really don't think I did."
“Even if this were a good time—and it's not—after the beating I took yesterday, I'm not in any shape to have sex.”
Another humiliating gush pulsed down his fingers, no different at all than pissing himself. He pressed his face into the pillow and waited for it to be over.
, like Harris wasn't pointing a revolver at his fucking face, and flipped his wrists out as he put up his arms. Then he stood there looking ready to die of boredom.
he wonders again. They managed somehow, and if they did it, he could too, maybe, if he just knew how. It's so much easier with dogs.
's way, because not only did she beta this sucker (she probably regrets ever having offered, but I'm holding her to it because she's really good at it) but I made her Google something terrible and it was traumatic. She was expecting cake. She was so wrong.
He had to swallow repeatedly until the nausea receded. “You know how it is when your heat’s coming on, how you want to protect them, make them feel better, make them feel safe.”
learned to be polite about that.
“In exchange for what?”
John thought.
They made meaningless small talk for a few more minutes, John so distracted by Sherlock's tapping that he could not have said later exactly when Mycroft left. He could hear the popping of the logs in the fire, the patter of rain against the windowpane, the hiss of car tyres outside.
Author's Note: While things won't really get going until the next chapter, the story starts earning its E rating here. If M/M sexytimes are not your cup of tea, I don't know what on earth you do with your spare time but you should go do it now.
# # #
# # #
“Four,” he admitted.
I took your vial. That's why you panicked. I should have
# # #
. Breasts had a profoundly detrimental effect on John's already strained thought processes and Sherlock took it upon himself to provide the optimal working conditions for him to gather information without distractions.
“This is boring. It’s nothing but an assassination. You already know the motive is to cover up the incident; it’s only a matter of which level it’s happening on.”
“And that makes it all better, does it?”
So far, Sherlock had managed to keep John from being chatted up by several entirely inappropriate individuals and prevented his coming to the attention of three minions of Mycroft-equivalents in hostile governments. The evening was not as boring as he'd predicted after all. But Mycroft could bugger off if he thought Sherlock would search for that damned codecracker just because he was here. He wasn't Mycroft's trained monkey and John had done that hair thing and seemed to have forgotten all about their agreement so Sherlock was busy with other matters and Mycroft could go—
“That came later.” John's expression indicated this was not a winning strategy.
Harris's mobile was cracked from its fall but still functional. It would be pointless to try to get information out of Harris without any way to verify its accuracy—the reason torture was useless as an interrogation technique—and Sherlock doubted he could win his trust and co-operation after threatening to pop the man's eyeballs out. He needed Mycroft's resources now.
He poured himself another whisky after supper, with an eye towards loose-limbed relaxation and slightly delayed arousal. Greg nodded at his inquiring eyebrow, and sipped his own refilled tumbler with half-lidded eyes and a flattering fullness beginning to press at his fly.
“You shouldn’t be here,” he objected, pacing and wheeling agitatedly. Tobin's eyes widened and he instinctively shifted to stay away from the muzzle of the alarmingly mobile gun. “You're supposed to be with Mycroft! Why aren't you with Mycroft?”
“You should look in on him,” John said quietly. “He's your brother. You should be with him now. I'm fine here.”
"Oh, for God's sake," Sherlock said impatiently, grabbed John's head and pulled him into a kiss.
Sherlock, of course I'd try. I just...I don't think I could be convincing and we really need to carry this off."
When he could bring himself to stumble downstairs to make tea and search for ibuprofen, he found Sherlock, exhausted and disheveled, in his chair pulled up to the fireplace. He stood wordlessly, followed John into the kitchen, watched as he filled the kettle and set it to boil. And when John turned at last to meet his eyes, he shoved up his sleeves and spread his arms for inspection and said, “I didn't. It was hard for me, John. As hard as staying is for you.”
“Hm?”
John focused with an effort and jerked his chin to the camera on the corner of the building. "I think your brother's watching."
Sherlock choked out, and took both hands from the wall to wrap them around John's head. “God, yes, anything you want, but
All right, my darlings, the chapters from here forward are not going to come daily, as I have to write them in full, not just tweak and polish.  All is well and the fic is continuing; it's just a busy time of year on the farm.
"That," he said acidly, "is your area.
"Sherlock? I'm not packing for you, you know. If you want anything from your room then you'll need to get your lazy arse up here and get it yourself."
"Of course you are."
Dawning horror broke over Sherlock’s face. “Heat."
Oh. Not a spider. Sherlock's nose.
And then,
He had, abruptly, a full-colour flashback to Sherlock, clad in a dressing gown and holding a currant bun,  planting himself between Mycroft and John and triumphantly declaring,
Treacherous hope.
It'd been years and he choked at first until his body remembered and he got the knack of it again. Then he was able to lose himself in the scents, the painfully tight grip in his hair, the hips moving under his fingers, the drool on his chin. The quiet, shuddering sighs above turned sharp when, after what seemed like hours of sucking and licking, he brusquely slid his forefinger straight into the nob's spit-wet arse and the man gasped, thrust hard for a few throat-bruising moments, and came.
He shuddered and drew John's knee closer.
On his better days, that was likely true.
It was sheer chance that the mirror usually over the fireplace was propped on the floor at an angle that showed him Sherlock, weariness in every line of his body, hanging up his coat and pausing for the smallest moment to rest his head against the wall before settling his spine back into the familiar arrogant carriage and schooling his expression to indifference.
“Impressive deduction,” he ventured for the fourth time. John had not registered any of the previous three. “How did you come to your conclusion?” He paused, prepared to go on with a different topic if John's gaze remained unfocused—well, not so much unfocused as focused both inwards and quite far off simultaneously.
“Good evening.” The voice matched the cologne, and when Greg turned around, the clothes matched everything. Wet-fox hair, sharp features, high hairline that would be receding in a few years, lovely soft hands.
Not a hard choice.  He closed the message.
He leaned his head back to stare at the ceiling and willed his morning erection away before Sherlock woke. An expedition into the cushions for the source of his lower back discomfort turned up the fork from last night's dinner. Further exploration located the plate under Sherlock's shoulder. The food appeared to have been eaten. That was good, because cleaning fish curry out of the sofa was not an experience John cared to have more than three times. Also, it explained why his stomach was growling.
In the car, he switched on his mobile and ignored the 113 text messages from Sherlock. They would all come down to "Get your arse home and entertain me" and "We're out of milk" and were pointless since he was on his way home without any sodding milk.
"A cover story? No, because people will treat us differently and it will affect how we are with each other. You think it won't matter, but it will. It's jumping about six steps ahead of ourselves and that won't lead anywhere good. I know you want to skip the boring bits. I know you—we both know...Sherlock, we both know neither of us is ever leaving. But that doesn't mean we're ready to be...bound together."
Sitrep: Sherlock. Plasma arc torch. Smoke. Svalinn jacket.
“No, you did. You don't remember?”
# # #
Shortly after Lestrade had gone, a package addressed to Sherlock arrived from Mycroft.
You all have
# # #
He looked up to see Sherlock and Mrs Hudson exchanging knowing glances.
"Off." Sherlock pulled at the cloth roughly and John was naked on the floor of the front room except for the socks he hastily shoved off with his toes. Sherlock swept up his new shirt, trousers, and the jacket hanging over the back of the chair, opened the window sash and flung the clothes into the bins below.
lock, dear, just a moment, I have something for you. Well, for both of you, of course."
When he was high, he didn't wake from dreams of lying on his back, wrapped in an omega's embrace, enveloped in wet heat, squeezed and squeezed and squeezed until his orgasm was pulled out of him and he could come apart, held safe inside a strong body, held safe within a strong will. When he was high, he didn't dream of surrender and submission and wake to a puddle of semen and a cold, empty ache in his chest and
#                    #                    #
"Considerably less if the registrar owes you a favour, as it turns out."
"I see. I'm not the world's only consulting detective, I'm not
“I'm...not sure. I'm not a cardiologist, Sherlock, I might be wrong. I'd like to talk to his attending physician, though.” Was the beta-blocker dosage high? That might be masking symptoms. He looked up at Murray. “Fetch Dr—” he flipped through the chart, “—Banks at his earliest convenience, would you?” Murray scrambled for the door.
. Specifically, information you, I, and Mycroft would all possess. Not about the device, but about the maker of the device. We've all seen her. Obvious."
Sherlock's dressing gown fluttered as his sides heaved. The movement was visually disturbing. Mycroft averted his eyes.
He gulped deep breaths and smelt wet wool, spilled tea, a ghost of fish curry. It was the lingering aroma of bacon that brought him fully back to England and Baker Street, and he puffed out his cheeks, blew a couple of times and gingerly sat up. "Jesus." His shoulder was going to hurt like a bastard once the adrenaline wore off. "What was that about?"
He wished he had something for this headache. He needed to get home. He'd told Sherlock he wasn't leaving. He'd been gone for hours now and he really needed to get home. The milk was going to go off.
# # #
He was on the verge of shoving Mrs Hudson's herbal soothers up Sherlock's aristocratic nose with a pipe tamper when Lestrade rapped hesitantly on the door.
Once he'd wriggled free of the knots—ridiculously easy to do if one was willing to dislocate a thumb and lose a few layers of skin—it was child's play to work free the Christmas cracker he kept secreted in the inner pocket of his coat (one never knew when small explosives would come in handy) and snap it, then leap on Harris, kneeling on the man's brachial arteries and pressing thumbs—one abused and throbbing, but serviceable for this purpose—into the ocular cavity, feeling the orbs give under pressure.
