Sherlock sighs.
John raises his eyebrows at her. He sees she looks sad.
"Come here.  Why do you look so worried?"
__________
Phillip cringed a bit, then put a hand on John’s shoulder.
“There have been more women than men, that’s true.  But I don’t think I connect with them the way I connect with men.  And if I’m being honest…I’ve not connected with anyone the way it is…with you.”  John clears his throat and adjusts his body under the sheets, feeling vulnerable.  That just won’t do.
“Yeah, yeah I did,” John replies.  He’s laughing now, and he’s afraid, but that’s okay.
“We left the window open all night,” John says, and walks over and releases the bee out into the thrumming London below.
“How does it feel, to be in bed with me?” Sherlock asked.
Being content would have made much more sense.
“We’re not a couple.”
“Yeah, I suppose I am,” she says, then raises her eyebrows in anticipation.
Sherlock cleans their plates when they finish and sits back down on the sofa.  His ankles almost overlap with John’s but he is careful not to let their bodies touch. There was a time when their bodies would touch easily, a shoulder against a shoulder, ankles overlapping, knees brushing, and Sherlock being completely anchored.  But now it’s not like that.
“Fair.”
“He says he’s doing fine.  I know he’s lying.”
“I don’t want to screw it up.”
__________
John would love very much to simply fall asleep, instead of staring at walls, at the petty images his mind brings into focus, the ones he plays with: it’s like playing in his own blood, picking at a scab.  It’s morbid and stupid and very awful.  Very Not Good.  He hates how pathetic he is, isn’t sure going to see his therapist is better or worse, but it needs to be better.  He hasn’t told her how much he’s been drinking, but he wonders if she can see it in the way his hands shake.
“Say that again,” John says, with such a confused expression on his face it breaks Sherlock’s heart.
“You have to come to Baker Street immediately.”
But it ended up making all the difference when he met John ten months clean.
Sherlock had been completely unprepared for Magnussen.  Watching John humiliated, knowing the only way to repair his idiocy.  He took the gun from John’s side and shot Magnussen at point blank in the head, destroying that beautifully chaotic brain of his.  Now Magnussen couldn’t threaten John.  And, Sherlock would finally leave John alone.  Maybe he could just be happy now, with a wife and a child and no freak junkie to keep an eye on.
I don’t care, I’m in love with you.
“Of course. I’m glad I was able to get your message. My roommate is very easily distracted, as you witnessed.”
“Do you remember the last time we were handcuffed?” John mumbles, feeling sleepy.
John saw the woman in the hall the next day.  Shook her hand, nodded.  The first man when he was coming back with the shopping.  The other two as he was unlocking the door.  He made a point to shake hands with each of them.  They should know: John Watson wouldn’t allow it, John Watson knows you’re here.
That’s all it says, and John tries not to be disappointed. Sherlock is sending reminders to John.
He wakes on Harry’s couch, mouth sticky and sickly sour from the wine.
Sherlock had asked if John was interested in taking a case.
“Been with anyone.  It’s been months,” John replies.  He continues his scrubbing while watching Sherlock in the mirror.
“God, I love you,” John says.
What had there been to be afraid of?  Sherlock on the tube, listening to the sound of the train rattle and rush past underneath London.  The train is almost completely empty except for the couple on his left, in the corner.  The man has his hand on the woman’s thigh, rubbing his thumb absent mindedly.  She looks up at him from under her blond hair and smiles.  He smiles back and they look so content Sherlock has to turn away.  He gets off a stop early just so he doesn’t have to look at them, into the early morning light of London.
People were yelling, raising their hands, trying to get the attention of Sherlock. Sherlock had a mediator who was answering most of the questions. Sherlock meanwhile seemed to be nodding in agreement with everything he said. Hands reached to the sky, and the mediator pointed towards the middle of the room.
Evan moved across the room to John’s corner, put a hand on his cheek. He bent down but. But. John moved away. He didn’t know what was happening, but he wouldn’t do that. Not to her.
The first time John blacks out again, it is a bit like a false memory.   He hadn’t blacked out since the early days of Sherlock’s death.
His heart leapt in his chest. Could Sherlock really be coming downstairs? John calmed himself, then called out a soft “Hello?”
John is tempted to put his hands on Sherlock’s, just to stop the raw nervousness but he doesn’t.  He places his hand on his shoulder instead.  He pats it once, then pulls away.
“I’m in love with you, by the way.”
When Moriarty comes back, Sherlock gives him a look.  And John knows, and he nods.
“I didn’t, though.  I’m here.”
Sherlock turns to look back, and John walks towards him, pulling him into his arms.  He puts his mouth near Sherlock’s neck and kisses it tenderly, hoping he will understand.  John pulls away but only just so to whisper into Sherlock’s ear.
“John,” Sherlock says softly against his mouth, and he sounds so small it hurts.  Sherlock maneuvers himself into John’s lap.  His hands are wandering now, and his breath is hitched.  He rolls his hips down onto John’s and moans into John’s mouth.  It’s amazing.
“It doesn’t need to be any one thing though, does it?” John says.  He cups Sherlock’s face in his hands and brushes his thumbs over the tears.  “I’m right here, and you’re here with me.”
"I was always different, might as well have tacked on my preference for men to cast me further out of normalcy."
“Could anyone tell me which way the bathroom is?” Sherlock asked.
__________
Once they reached the hotel’s doors, Sherlock turned to John, suddenly serious.
“Do we need to go over the plan again?” Sherlock asks abruptly.
Later, after having his arm put in a cast and being fed chocolate, John heard his mother talking to his father in hushed tones.
Sherlock gave John a tight smile. “No.”
“Hi. Hi it’s. Um. It’s John. John Watson. I own the…bookshop?” It seemed that John had suddenly forgotten how to speak.
“Finally,” he whispers, lips against John’s jawline.
“Hi!” Sherlock said from behind John. His voice was overly friendly and clearly sarcastic.
“I’ll get coffee and breakfast later,” John says, and then kisses Sherlock again.
“Do you need me to walk you across the street?” As soon as he says it he realizes what it sounds like. He bites his bottom lip.
“Oh, hello there.  How are you today?  Haven’t seen you in a bit.”  Sherlock makes a non-committal-humming noise.  “And on the left, you said you were wondering about bruising, so I saved him for you.”  Sherlock doesn’t bother with a thank you, he just nods and turns towards the body.  He decides he’ll get another coffee before he starts in.
“So you’re unattached, like me.  Good,” John says.  He is smiling slightly, and the light is hitting his hair in such a way that makes it golden.  It’s been a long time since someone has flirted with Sherlock but he knows what it sounds like.  He knows what it’s supposed to sound like and look like and he’s about ninety percent sure that John is flirting with him.  Sherlock narrows his eyes trying to focus and then lets the realization set in.  This could be amazing.  He knows he shouldn’t enter into this.  He knows he’s an addict and can’t be trusted to not completely and utterly fuck this up.  But God, does he want.
“I don’t want to say, in case I’m wrong,” John replies.
“Good night, Sherlock,” John says.  He lifts his hand and brushes Sherlock’s hair out of his face, then quickly moves his hand away, nervous.
John and Sherlock got married on a Saturday afternoon in September. Sherlock had always wanted a fall wedding. He was not partial to the heat, and refused to get married on a beach somewhere. After all, they could have spent their entire lives on a beach had they wanted to.
“You’re really not getting the hang of this game are you, Sherlock?”
The reality hits and Sherlock is stunned immobile, right hand clutching at the door frame for support.
“Yeah, how’s tonight for you?”
“For God’s sake! Don’t touch me!”
“You really didn’t know he had a girlfriend?” Greg asked.
“No.”
"But I do want to, I do," Sherlock says earnestly.  John has never seen him look this way.  "I have thought about it so many times."
“I don’t think this was ever going to end well John,” Greg continued, doing his best to look apologetic. “He’s a bloody genius, extremely famous, and has a brother who basically runs the country. This is what happens when mere mortals play with the Gods.”
He remembers the way John’s face had looked upon seeing his body.  He remembers the empty gravestone, the little speech.  But it’s been half a year and John is nothing if not capable and although sometimes there were glances, sometimes words had fallen out a few times, a few gestures, (like the time Sherlock had pretended to be asleep on the floor when John had come downstairs for water and John had run a hand through Sherlock’s hair a bit too slowly to be platonic) but then Sherlock reminds himself of who he is, and though people have wanted to touch him, none have loved him, and John is no exception.  Exceptional, of course.  But not in this case.
Mary has been gone five months.
He is about to go pretend to still be in love with someone else.
“Oh, please.  You don’t want me to go away at all,” Pretend Sherlock says, and he’s right.  He’s always right.
John shakes his head at himself, pondering himself and the way his hand had come up to his mouth; he almost feels innocent.  In a way, he is dying next to Sherlock, just very slowly, very softly.
The third (and horrifyingly his ultimate favorite, he will admit to himself sometimes) is that John will strangle him to death against a wall in 221B Baker Street.  The intimacy of the idea of this act leaves Sherlock dizzy.  When Sherlock came back from the dead and John pinned him to the ground and wrapped his hands around his neck, Sherlock thought, for the briefest of moments that all of his most secret desires were about to come true.  Sadly they did not, but Sherlock has filed away the feeling of John’s beautiful fingers against his throat, in hopes, with patience.
“That would do,” Sherlock said. “How about tomorrow morning? Let’s say ten?”
John offers to patch up Sherlock’s bullet wound, and Sherlock accepts, though a bit hesitantly.
“Please sit. I’ll keep my visit brief.”
“I seem to have the opposite problem,” John says, licking his lips.
“Okay. Um. I’ll go in now.” She’s practically whispering. She looks so hurt at his rejection, but that only means someone else hurt her much more recently.
John goes out into the hall and he sees her walking towards him.
“Of course I want to find her, I NEED TO FIND HER SHE’S PREGNANT WITH MY CHILD!”
John does indeed get coffee and breakfast later.  Sherlock eyes the eggs that John had fried up and eats one and then leaves the other.  He has never been one for breakfast, mostly just cigarettes and coffee, though he’s been trying to quit and failing miserably.
“How did it feel?” Sherlock asked.
“I loved you on my wedding day.  And I loved you every day before, and every day after.”
“Those aren’t staying there, put them in the crisper,” John says, not once tearing his eyes away from Sherlock.
His hands shake as they fist the bedding, his fingers scratching at the cloth feels strange.  He’s half hyperventilating half screaming into his pillow.  He doesn’t want Mrs. Hudson to hear.
Sherlock sighs and rolls his eyes.
“Is on!” He replies, fully pleased with himself.
Sherlock sits up, his eyebrows furrowing.
“I didn’t want to die,” Sherlock says carefully, rubbing his hands together like he used to when he got nervous.
“I’m full of surprises aren’t I?”
“Oh, John, I’m sorry,” she says, and laughs a bit.  This can’t possibly be what it looks like.
He’s fairly certain the pit of his stomach will feel like this for a long time.
John waits outside of Sherlock’s operating room.  He shuts himself down.  He doesn’t let himself imagine the worst.  He doesn’t let himself imagine relief.
Sherlock walks out then back in, carrying a blanket.  He wraps it around John’s shoulders.
“What? How is that even possible?”
"Yes.  I immediately regretted it," Sherlock says.
John sighed as he placed two pieces of bread into the toaster. He turned and leaned back against the kitchen counter, folding his arms across his chest.
John smiled in spite of himself and nodded. Sherlock was handsome, looking so ordinary with just a t-shirt on, a stark difference to the swish of the Belstaff and designer silk.
“It was just the one,” Sherlock replies.
He drags the man’s limp body into the car and waits, anxious.
“Me too,” Sherlock finds himself saying.  It comes out quiet and almost inaudible, but John hasn’t missed it.  The look on John’s face changes completely and his mouth goes soft.  John places his drink on the floor beside him and then places his hand on Sherlock’s knee.  He licks his lips and clears his throat.
Sherlock would laugh, if he could.  If he had the ability to do anything besides suck in air like a dying man and stare at John Watson.
They make it back to the flat and up the stairs and John closes the door behind them as he brushes his jacket off.  Sherlock has sobered up a bit from the walk, but not much. John is rummaging around in the kitchen and he comes back with a bottle of fifty year old scotch that Sherlock had stolen from Mycroft and two glasses.
__________
At twenty six, John trained for everything.  He entered residency training in India with Queen and Country alongside him.  He was sent all over that country for five years.
“Yeah.”
Sherlock’s mouth goes up to John’s neck and then to his collar bone.  John’s breath shakes but he feels amazing.
He pulls away, only slightly.
__________
“She was here?”  John asks.  He wonders what his face must look like.
“Today was good. Given the circumstances I’m impressed that I was able to act normal at all.”
“Don’t think so,” Sherlock replies, and he can feel his mouth forming into a grimace.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says, eyes wide.  He turns away.
His counselors told him until he was a year sober he’d have to stay out of romantic relationships.
to be quiet.
John was suddenly much more alert, eyebrows furrowed together as he remembered the smile, dark hair falling into the eyes.  John could almost feel a blush coming on.  He’d called.
John had said yes.
It just isn’t going to.
He arrives at Bart’s Hospital more because he has an in here and hasn’t the slightest idea what he’s meant to be doing with himself.  He knows he can get body parts and more equipment in this lab because the young woman who works here likes him.  Like most things he had sort of stumbled upon the lab and Sherlock really has always just sort of done whatever he liked.  He was a graduate chemist after all and so he’d set it up.  And now he had Molly to help him do whatever he pleased.
“Well. He is someone who can’t be mine and it’s as though I’ve taken love heroine and nothing else will ever suffice. Do you know what I mean?”
it’s bullshit.
He is certain he didn’t do it himself.
Sherlock gets rid of the last of the flame, and coughs a bit himself.
“Uhm…” John trailed off. He was too shocked, and could hardly speak.
At the time it had been humorous.  No one had ever loved Sherlock and no one would, as far as he could tell.  It hadn’t weighed on him in the slightest.
“I suppose I’ll take this one after all,” Sherlock said. It was the book with the vines on the cover. John knew Sherlock was just being kind but rang him up nonetheless and waved him out. As soon as the door closed John let out a breath he hadn’t realized he had been holding and then put a hand to his mouth. Of all the people to walk into the shop today.
“I helped.  You’ve been doing nothing but plan my wedding, idiot.”
John sees the moment when Sherlock thinks it’s him, that John is the bomber, and it breaks his heart.  Sherlock is stopped dead, so confused.
“You only will until the baby is born.  John, look at me.”
His first instinct is to say no.
John looks at the bomb, where it’s been turned off.  It’s stopped.
“What’s going on?”
John looks straight ahead, the wind blowing his hair in all directions.
Sherlock breathes softly on the sofa.  It’s three a.m. and John had come down for water.  Only the desk lamp is on, and in the soft glow Sherlock breathes softly, a book on his chest.  John walks over, takes the book away (but saves the page) and pulls a blanket over his chest instead.
John snorts, smiles, shakes his head.
He puts the cigarette to his mouth, takes a long drag, then blows the smoke out through his nose.  Sherlock has not stopped watching him for a second.  His mouth is agape just slightly, and John smirks to himself.
John smiles.
John stands outside the door for a moment.  He closes his eyes and imagines crawling into bed with him, and falling asleep with him, their breath turning slow together.  He imagines gently playing with Sherlock’s hair as he sleeps, just watching him.  He goes upstairs.
John had typed up their latest case.  Sherlock had fumbled around with a blowtorch for most of the day, a bit of his left eyebrow singed off in the process.
“Morgue,” Sherlock replies, then throws a plastic bag of thumbs into the middle of the table.
“Yes, yes he did.” John almost couldn’t believe the words coming out of his own mouth. “It was sort of sweet, really. I know he’s famous and probably knows how to act for the press, but he said that he was just as famous as he could be but also that he was just a boy….standing in front of another boy, asking him to love him.”
“Oh! Lovely! Could you bring me up some really cold white wine?”
John is positively exhausted after he knows.  They’ve been standing in the same spot, staring at each other in disbelief, kissing in between breathes.  The afternoon is glowing, and John isn’t sure what he looks like anymore, all he knows is that his entire body is tingling, and he just keeps smiling, staring up at the love of his life.
“We’re here to discuss my brother.”
She squeezes his hand and then gets her keys out of her bag.
John greets her, unsure of how to approach her.  The USB in his back pocket feels heavy.
“Yes, and you’re still at…” John’s voice trails off, not really wanting to say the name of the hospital Sherlock threw himself off.
“So there have been other men?”
This was better and worse all at once.
“You had absolutely no idea?”
So, although Sherlock shouts out his High-Functioning-Sociopath excuse whenever he’s out of his depth with social interaction, John knows better.  He is a doctor, after all.  He knows the signs (Sherlock’s turning and fidgeting being obvious stimming) and Sherlock’s intense and quick annoyance with anyone less intelligent than him (taken as rude, but really just exhausting.  The point of idle small-talk isn’t something that makes sense, no Sherlock, no one actually cares about the weather), and the way he keeps his friends because of the role they play (Lestrade for cases, Molly for the bodies, John can only imagine at what strange role he might play, most likely just there for rent).  John knows these signs because he’s a trained doctor and did in fact have to take these courses at University.  Neurodiversity isn’t uncommon, and neither is it uncommon that someone as brilliant and clever as Sherlock Holmes would end up somewhere on the autistic spectrum.  High Functioning as he was, he was not at all a sociopath.  It was an easy, make-shift wall he put up, and though the show was pretty good, John is not as stupid as Sherlock might think he is.
“I love you.  I tried not to but I fell in love with you anyway.  And I wasn’t quick enough.  But I’ll still be here.  Whenever and however you want me.”
Being kidnapped had not been how John imagined this going.  Being kidnapped by Molly’s very possibly gay boyfriend was an even bigger twist.  Realizing that Molly’s possibly gay boyfriend was in fact the bomber they had been looking for, well, that just took the cake.
“Sherlock, JESUS!” John yells.
John can feel the pain directly from these words.  He doesn’t want to look at Sherlock at all and yet that’s all he wants to do.
“What are you going for? This doesn’t exactly shout romance.” John said, sipping his coffee. Phillip nodded and went back into his bedroom as John’s toast popped up. Phillip came back out wearing a wrinkled but nicely neutral button up.
“Hello,” Sherlock said, and somehow he sounded nervous. “You disappeared yesterday.”
“I can’t think of anything to say,” John says.  He can think of many things to say but none of them seem correct.  How do you tell the love of your life that you are sick of their narrow escapes of death and you wish they would just sit next you for a while?
Charles Augustus Magnussen is one of the foulest creatures that John has ever had to meet.  Possibly worse than Moriarty.  Moriarty had been an evil that was chaotic, and simply did not care what was left behind.  Magnussen was far more personal.  Though Moriarty had been personal with John, he hadn’t been with everyone he terrorized.  He hadn’t wanted power.  He’d just wanted destruction.
John reaches over and takes Sherlock’s hand in his.
John had never seen his mother’s face quite like this. He picked up his work and went down the hall to his bedroom, closing the door behind him. Somehow, he knew to close the door.
“I actually think it is,” John admitted.
“In a moment.”
"It really really did," John replies.  "Especially when I thought you wanted to marry her."
“You love me?” Sherlock asks, his eyes wide, face crumpling between John’s palms.
And John, left with nothing.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything to this.  He blinks entirely too rapidly instead.  He doesn’t even seem to be looking at John anymore.  More likely he’s inside his own head.  He stays this way for over a minute.
“You know, I’m always amazed,” John begins, turning his head towards Sherlock, “that after everything, we’re still here.  Back here.”
__________
“Should of gone with them,” John says.  “People will think—“
“Well of course,” John says, then gives Sherlock a small smile, quickly covered by his own glass of scotch.  “Cheers.”
“Will you pardon me, for just one moment?” John asked Sherlock. Sherlock raised his eyebrows and shrugged as John turned away.
“You’re right,” John says, and Mary opens the door.
“I don’t know what came over me, I just kept talking as he was unbuttoning his trousers. He had to tell me to leave.”
Sherlock slung his coat over his arm and then sat down on John’s sofa. He looked as though he were trying desperately to curl into himself. John thought Sherlock should never look this way, so small and tired.
Sweet, sweet Molly, whom Sherlock had no idea what to do with.   She clearly fancied him from the get go and he wasn’t sure how to get around it.  He’d tried just about everything.  He’d been overly sweet to see if that would throw her, which it didn’t, it only excited her.  He’d tried being completely rude but then she’d just sort of gone with it, though he couldn’t understand why.  He’d even tried upping how overtly gay he was, gesturing in more feminine ways, raising the tone of his voice, giggling.  She’d clearly not gotten it, which was truly incredible given that he’d thought he was fairly obvious to begin with.  Now, he has settled finally for pretending to not understand her advances.  It seemed the least cruel way to go about it and it wasn’t as if he was
John watches them, and feels faintly ill.
“I’m sorry.”
.  Sherlock doesn’t really drink.  He’d preferred different addictions during his earlier years, but he supposes a…beer will be fine.
“What is it?” John asks.  He’s been with her three months and he wants to tell her everything.
“No,” John says at first, then, “Wait.”
John has always done this.  Used alcohol as a way to be brave and talk about the things he doesn’t talk about.
John had medical and military experience, and a bullet wound in his left shoulder. After returning from his military service John had been unable to work as a surgeon (given the bullet wound) and he had far too much PTSD to be any help to others. So John had opened a bookshop. John had all of these things. What he didn’t have was much purpose. John tried to pour himself into his little stories and his little shop, but he didn’t feel strongly or passionately about either. The shop was good. His friends were good. Life was mostly okay. But that was it. It was just okay. If John was honest with himself, he missed the war. He missed saving lives. But he couldn’t go back to either.
“Thanks.”
John scoffed, not believing a word of it.
“If you are staying,” she says, “we are going to need more…”
Once inside Sholto’s room, John puts a hand on James’ shoulder.
“You’ll care if they thought you were stupid.  Or wrong.”
“That’s incredibly easy for you to say. You’ve no idea what it’s like. Like I said before, I never wanted to be famous. Everything I do or say will come back to me whether it’s tomorrow or in three years. People do not forget your mistakes. People like me do not get to make mistakes, mistakes like the ones I made last night. Moriarty has already taken just about everything from me, I really don’t want to add you to that list.”
“No, no.  Don’t you dare do that.  You left me first.  And she got me over you.  And then you came back.  And I wasn’t over you at all.  So don’t you dare.”
“Because I watched you promise forever to someone else, I was there in case you had forgotten!”  Sherlock has turned sharp.  His breathing is heavy, and he stares at John truly expecting a reasonable answer.
Ellis shared a knowing smile.
John sits down next to him, folding his hands on the table.
John laughs and clicks his tongue.
“Hello to you as well,” Sherlock said, and extended a hand.
He’ll want to live in a standstill and watch Sherlock speak in his sleep forever.
It’s only been about an hour when John is about to turn off the light and looks up to see Sherlock standing against the door frame.
“Thought it could work.”
__________
“He was a bit too wild if you ask me, like he would shoot holes in the wall if you let him,” Mrs. Hudson said, nodding her head.
“I didn’t DO anything, you’re the git!” John said sternly back, his eyes never leaving hers for a moment, those stupid muddy brown eyes. Susie’s curls were falling into his mouth, and John moved his hands to get her hair out of his face when he suddenly felt the softness of it, and stopped moving his fingers. John stared up at Susie, who had the oddest look on her face.
Sherlock turns to look back, and John walks towards him.
“I’m not going anywhere.” Sherlock curls an arm around John’s waist under the silk sheets. “I’ll probably never go anywhere ever again. I’ll handcuff myself to you.”
“How could you?  She’s your wife.  The mother of your child.”  Sherlock looked away.  Saying those words, out loud.  The real history and meaning behind them.  They hurt much more than he had anticipated.
It doesn’t make sense, though nothing in the last twelve hours has made much sense.
Don’t go after him, let him come to you.
“Why would I need to tell you?”
It’s an hour later now, and Sherlock comes marching out of his bedroom in his blue robe, snatches John’s novel from his hands in a nearly violent way, tears out one of the pages, picks up a pen, and writes in big, bold letters across the page:
“Come to bed,” John said.
John’s wife, now in a prison cell, her child with her real father.
John knows Sherlock doesn't know what to say.  They don't normally do this.  Instead, Sherlock kisses him, and John kisses him back.
He is happy here.
Proper coward indeed.
Sherlock dying again would not be worth anything in the world.
John smiles down at him.  He looks so small, and young.  Here, Sherlock is his own.  John dares to run his hand over Sherlock’s hair just once, then goes back upstairs, forgetting what he’d gone down for in the first place.
John could feel himself leaning forward. He thought for a moment that he would get up out of his chair and sit down on the sofa next to Sherlock, throw an arm around him, and kiss him. However, he got the chance to do precisely none of that.
good news is, i have now graduated from undergrad so i get four months before i start graduate school, free for me to write whatever i wanna.  i will have so much time to finish this now, and will actually regularly update, wowee.
He bursts through the doors, trying to take in his surroundings, his gun resting in his hand.
John can feel his eyes glaze over as Magnussen flicks his face, over and over and over.
“I’d say so.”
John had never believed Sherlock to be a sociopath.  Still didn’t.  But the fact that he had come back like that?  It wasn’t Good and it wasn’t on at all.
“Nothing,” John replies too quickly.
“No, I wasn’t.”
“Okay,” Sherlock repeats.  Then, slowly, Sherlock takes a hand and places it over both of John’s, folded together on the table.  It’s a gentle touch, but it’s warm and steady.
Suddenly John hears a faint whistling.
“Molly Hooper,” John says, forcing a smile and then nodding.
They rode up to the third floor in relative silence. Greg commented on the weather. John wanted to say more, to not be impolite, but he was already so nervous he could hardly concentrate. When they left walked out of the elevator Greg followed closely behind John. They reached the door that John was certain Sherlock had told him, and John tried to feel only slightly embarrassed.
When Sherlock feels particularly morbid and self-indulgent he pretends that John really struggled when he thought he’d died.  He knows of course that John must have struggled a bit.  He knows he cried.  He knows that John had been angry.  But Sherlock likes to pretend with something more raw and tasteless.
John had no response to Sherlock. He only felt a quiet panic rising within him. John felt so in love he was dizzy, but he made no reply. He only nodded at Sherlock, knowing that he couldn’t be wrong about his decision. Sherlock was famous, and a genius. John would never be able to measure up.
Sherlock wants to say that he’d do anything to make John stop being so sad but he stays quiet.  They’ve always understood each other in ways no one else has, and yet Sherlock has never been able to say the right thing to John.  It’s infuriating.
__________
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes.”
“I mean, when all is said and done he’s nothing special,” Harry said. “I almost witnessed him take his trousers down and it didn’t look like anything extraordinary was happening down there.”
In the mirror, inspecting, he looks old.  He’s found a few grey hairs on his blond head, and the wrinkles around his eyes have grown more noticeable over the last year.
John looks up again.  Today it is coffee, not tea.  He looks up at Sherlock and the leaves are almost the same color but quite.  John shaved.  He’s wearing the navy button up.
“I know.”
It’s painful now, this wanting.
“I don’t know.  I’m so tired.  I missed you for a long time.  Sometimes I think it isn’t over and I miss you still.  I miss you right now,” Sherlock says, barely audible.
John wakes in the earliest hours of the morning, the bedroom still mostly dark.
John shook his head and then turned momentarily, only to see a man on the shop’s security camera with wild hair and a disheveled suit shoving a book down his trousers. John swore under his breath.
“Oh,” Sherlock whispers.  His eyes are wide and shining.  They remind John of the moon.
“I love her, I’m sorry,” Harry said, then coughed.
Sherlock reaches across the table and puts his hand on John’s forearm. It’s warm. His hand swallows up John’s arm. John has forgotten how tall Sherlock is. The bathroom light goes on all on its own and John looks behind him. When he looks back Sherlock is gone. There he goes, always disappearing.
“Fine, for God’s sake just do it,” Sherlock replies.  He takes his shirt off and presses it into his lap.
“Right…”
“A little.  Yeah.  But, only because…I haven’t dated in a while.  And, obviously, you’re far too good for me,” John replies, lifting his beer, then motioning for another round.  Mary laughs and it’s adorable.
Sherlock got on the plane, and as soon as he sat down he gasped and put his head down in his hands.  He let his shoulders shake, he let the moans come out.  He knew it’d be the only chance he got.  And then he took a deep breath, carefully pulled himself back together, and closed his eyes.
“Sherlock, do you understand what I’m trying to say?  I love you.  I loved you for a very long time and death did nothing to change that.”
“Fuck,” Sherlock mutters under his breath.
“Breathe,” John says.  He smiles at Sherlock.  “Just breathe.”
“We have enough evidence to put him away for a lifetime,” Sherlock said.
“You like doting on me.”
And then they meet in the middle.  John groans into Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock gasps.  He runs his hands through John’s hair and truly, utterly, can’t believe his luck.
The waiter is chattering in their ears, talking about champagne, and John would have been angry except that Mary is covering her mouth trying not to laugh and so he just shakes his head and grins—until.
“Because you want me to be here.  And…and I said I’d never let anyone hurt you and you are hurting you, so I’m stopping it.”
John’s mother lifted him in her arms and cradled his head. John kept his eyes shut, letting the salt water fall into his mouth and down his cheeks, face burning red all the while.
“Good morning John.”
“Hey Sherlock,” he hears himself say from somewhere far away. “Stop me if I’m wrong, okay?”
He stands in the shops with one object in each of his hands.  A tin of tomato soup and a bag of crisps in the other.  He can’t recall if he does in fact enjoy either one of these particular foods but he decides he must if he’s holding them.
John opened his door and thought for a moment that he must still be asleep on Greg’s sofa. Sherlock Holmes was standing in front of him, his coat collar pulled up high around his face, hands in the pockets of his Belstaff. Sherlock gave him a stiff smile.
“Alright.”
“I love you more than anything.  I’m not going anywhere,” John says, and suddenly Sherlock is kissing him again, hard, Sherlock’s hands in John’s hair.  Sherlock has never been this demanding before, this desperate.
“For how long?” John asks.
“Fine. It’s been…good. You know you don’t have to do that Mrs. H.”
The question is wholly unexpected.  John hasn't thought about it in so long.
It seems this small black object holds his life in place.
“Yes?”
“I never want to leave here,” John said.
“You got room service, what did you want to order?”
How will he approach him again?  Quick and (hopefully) painless seems the only option.  To storm into John’s life just as he stormed in at the very beginning.  To demand entrance.
He sucks the man off in the French man’s tiny flat and thrusts into his own fist, pretending he’s with John.  It doesn’t even come close.  John doesn’t speak French and the man keeps mumbling filthy things.  Sherlock wishes he’d keep his damn mouth shut.  After the man comes, Sherlock follows shortly after, John’s name falling out of his mouth before he can stop it.
“You know I thought you were just going to be helping me pay the rent.  Turns out you are helpful in more ways than one.”
“I don’t know. I don’t think I deserve anything particularly.  I would love to have you and not worry and believe that it was going to be fine.  But I know me and I’ve never been very good at this.  I’ve hardly attempted it really.  All I know is, I want to be better for you.  I want to be better because of you.”
Sherlock orders lo mein and doesn’t touch it.  He feels John’s foot hit his ankle.  It’s glorious.
“Alright. Dazzle us.”
“Am I…pretty?  This,” John says, pointing to his forehead.
“A bit,” Sherlock replies.
“Yeah?” John asks. He’s fairly certain if he had to move much from this chair he’d vomit, and that would be quite embarrassing.
my hand slipped and i really made john super duper sad. anyway, here's wonderwall.
“It’s two am,” John points out.  He has his hand resting on his fist and he looks very handsome.
“No, not this time,” Sherlock says.  He laughs a little, and now it’s scary because Sherlock Holmes is on his knees, and he’s begged for forgiveness.  He’s begged for mercy twice.
Sherlock looks at him, hair wild and eyes soft.
“His name was Victor.  He was from India.”
John has never seen him quite like this, Sherlock openly letting himself be seen in such a raw manner, with a nose red from crying and shaky breath.
He knows he’s done now, even if they do get out of here alive, Sherlock will know now.  But that’s okay seeing as he’ll probably be dead soon.
Being with Sherlock kept him younger, it would seem.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, and the expression was so familiar John couldn’t help but smile.
“I can do this you know,” Sherlock says.
“That was beautiful.  You’ve been composing.”
“Where are your friends?” John finally asks, when she doesn’t immediately go away.
John takes Sherlock’s hand again and squeezes.  Sherlock feels his face go completely hot.
“What floor?” John asked, smirking a little.
John mulls it over, and looks past her; he really should give her more credit.
“Can you please finish?” Sherlock asks, and his voice is so quiet that John doesn’t ask any more questions.
John left the shop that evening feeling rather odd. Something felt off, like he had unfinished business. On the way home he decided to stop for cup of tea and a cheese danish at the coffee shop across the street from his flat. He didn’t like to spend the extra money too often, the army pension only offering him so much, but figured he deserved it today. He had survived meeting someone who was essentially at movie star status without making a complete arse of himself.
“No, no.  This is just another one of your tricks.  You just want me to say something nice.”
Sherlock is proposing to a woman for a case.
Always frightened of getting what he always wanted Sherlock had simply said it was fine and played violin for John and now he’s holding a fucking tin of tomato soup and a bag of crisps and he can’t recall anything else.  Maybe he dissociated again like he did often in his early twenties.  Maybe he’s so in love that he can’t see where he’s going.
“And where will you sleep?”
John laughed at that, it sounded familiar.
The three men laughed at their own jokes, and John felt anger well up inside him. The men had no idea what they were talking about. Sherlock was absolutely brilliant, and sitting not three feet away from them.
“I know it’s supposed to be the right thing to do. I know it’s the good thing to do.  But do I really have to?”  John asked.
Being home is good.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says.  “You had a future…with Mary.”
“You’re not sad about Mary?” Sherlock asks.  He sits up slowly.  He’s shaking now, and his nails are digging half-moon shapes into his palms.  It’s almost two in the morning and it’s cold and John isn’t sad because of Mary.  He’s been sad because of something else.
“Don’t look at the USB,” Sherlock replied, raising his own glass to his lips.  It wasn’t what he wanted to say, or even what needed to be said.  It just seemed the correct thing to say to John.  If Sherlock had his way, he would watch the USB with John on a screen as tall as Big Ben, just to be one hundred percent sure that John would never love Mary again.  However, Sherlock also thought about the look on John’s face that would most likely surface after a viewing of the USB and it didn’t seem worth all that trouble.
“I won’t know what I’m doing,” Sherlock says quickly and quietly.  “I’ve never…had anyone like this.  I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
“I’m sorry dear. I know you and I know that love is not easily found. I just couldn’t help myself.” She then stood on her tip toes, kissed John’s cheek, and left the book shop.
“All right?” John asks.
“All right?” John asks against his ear.
__________
Sherlock turns and sees Stamford…Stamford something.  Matthew?  Michael?  The latter seems correct.  Sherlock gives him a thin lipped smile, nodding.
Moriarty steps closer to John, then puts one palm very gently on John’s face, smiles with no teeth.  John flinches to pull away, but then steadies himself, unsure of the consequences.
John clenched and unclenched his fist, then called out to Mrs. Hudson. He rubbed at the back of his neck, the tension there growing, and tried not think about Sherlock Holmes.
“Then what are you doing on the sofa?”
“Ready?”  Sherlock’s eyes stay on him, and he does indeed look a bit nervous.  Sherlock swallows, then blinks several times.
John didn’t know why but as he left Evan’s room, he felt frustration rise in him. He felt trapped. And it continued.
He feels like he is going to die or shake terribly until he shatters into something ugly and unkind.
“I’m fine.  Ah, just thought I’d give it a go I guess.  How’re you?”
__________
“Phillip please come downstairs,” John begged, his horror mounting.
“Who did this?” John asks.  His voice feels raw.
“No. I like it only being you that knows I’m alive. At least for another day.”
“Fine,” John replies, and takes a sip of his beer.
It lasts all of five seconds before Sherlock pulls away to push his nose into John’s and sigh shakily.
They won’t allow John in the back of the ambulance, so he takes a cab.  It seems to take far too long. He calls Mary on the way.  She answers, and says she’ll be there as soon as possible.
John knows that it’s true.
“Fine, and you?” John says.
John takes the bow out of his closet.  He never gave it to Sherlock because it had seemed too intimate but now he doesn’t care much.  He wants him to have it.  It’s still wrapped.
“Don’t think so, I’m a doctor.  I’ll be doing it.  You’ll botch it up.”
It was as though Sherlock read John’s mind. The next thing John knew, Sherlock was kissing him. It wasn’t aggressive or filled with passion. It was soft, and sweet, and shockingly chaste. John was in too much shock for it to be anything but chaste. His hands stayed on his own hips for the duration of the kiss, and God did he want to kick himself for that.
“Turn around.”
Three days since it has been worked out.  Handled.  Tucked away.
They dry off, and Sherlock, in the full light of the bathroom, is too thin. John will have to fatten him back up. He looks forward to it.
“Well where is it then? Your flat I mean.”
“You had a crush on James Bond?”
When John wakes up the bed is empty and he tries very hard not to panic. He swallows down his immediate horror, and opens the bedroom door.
“Really?”
Sherlock turns to him, cracking a smile.
Sherlock pushes his face into John’s chest and holds him around his waist.  John presses his lips to Sherlock’s forehead.
“Are you okay?” John asks.  His voice is concerned, and Sherlock supposes he should actually look at John or nod or something but the weight of it all suddenly hits him.  John loves him back.  He’d said
Mrs. Roberts is no longer simply passed out but is also convulsing on the floor.  The nurse gets on her knees, trying to open Mrs. Roberts eyes.
“Good.”
__________
John thinks, but doesn’t say.
“Oh, I know,” she says, and grins a bit at John.  He chuckles a bit.
see, like, i AM planning to finish this okay i'm really sorry i'm so slow, but i really do plan to finish it i have a big plan for it i have each chapter mapped out omg believe in me!!!! (i'm so sorry!!!)
John wants to take Sherlock’s hand in his own and kiss the knuckles, but instead he digs his fingers into the fabric of the sofa.
“A little.”
Maybe someone or something is watching me,
“First day then?”
Sherlock felt some type of quiet, raw panic.  He flung his entire body out of the bed in one fluid motion and headed for the bathroom.  He began to rip off his clothes before he even closed the door.  He turned the shower onto the hottest setting and gripped his hair so tight he thought he’d make his scalp bleed.
When John finds that Irene is in fact, not dead, he is angry.  He imagines Sherlock, composing sad music and sulking around the flat.  He’s miserable, and John has hated every moment of it.
“Leave it, I’m not going to lecture you, not tonight,” John says.
John laughed. “Funny, I didn’t peg you for someone who enjoyed art.”
“We’re having a girl,” he replies.
__________
He plays it again when he gets out of bed.  He’s torturing himself, he knows it.  It’s a lovely way to die really.
Despite all of the chaos that is living with Sherlock, and his growing irritation with not only Sherlock but himself being pulled in (cancelled dates, falling asleep at work, eating out far too often, not sleeping for days at a time (perhaps he’s becoming too much like his flat mate)), John can’t help but love it here.  He loves the rush he gets when he’s dodging bullets, beating rapists over the head with the butt of his gun, or simply knowing that at any moment, Sherlock will be the cause of some immediate danger.  But more than that—much more indeed—he enjoys Sherlock’s company.  John has found a friend in London, and one whom he thinks actually understands him, that doesn’t mind when he doesn’t answer, and doesn’t question John when he wakes up from naps on the sofa screaming from a PTSD-fuelled dream.  Only asks “Alright?” as John responds with a huffy “Yeah.”
Sherlock’s face looks contorted, not right.  John sits down slowly.
“Okay, my turn.  Am I a woman?”
John can’t hear anything, he’s gone all white, and everything is like the first time they met only playing in reverse.  John has been rescued instead of Sherlock.  John’s gun lies a few feet away, now a murder weapon.  It looks clean, brand new, as if it hadn’t been used before.
The man is small and about three years older than Sherlock, but he looks older than he is because of how sad he is.  Sherlock sees the tan line as the man stretches his hand out to give Sherlock his phone.  War veteran, doctor war veteran.  He wonders what his mother would say.
“You heard that did you?”
John falls asleep again, or not again, he’s not sure, against Sherlock’s side.  It is warm and steady unlike everything else.
“No, but I’m here to see Sherlock Holmes.”
“I will burn the heart out of you.”
“I wanted to come home as quickly as possible, I didn’t really think about it.”
The second floor has 217 rooms.  This is the amount of eyelashes John has on the upper lid of his right eye.  Redbeard is on this floor, and so is Moriarty.  He has to keep them somewhere, after all.  This floor often floods, and after it is cleaned out smells like John’s shampoo.
Sherlock continues, and John simply says no.  How could Sherlock think he didn’t believe in him?  It’s absurd really.  Of all the cases, how they met, the little things he would pull out of nowhere just to show John.  When you live with someone for two years you can’t keep up an act like that.  He knows him, and he loves him.
Sherlock looked up from his shirt for the first time and his eyes met John’s. They were a lovely color, and John had to refrain himself from telling Sherlock so. John was sure he probably got that type of comment often enough, Sherlock really didn’t need to be told he had nice eyes from the man who had just spilled hot tea all over his shirt and coat.
John went inside the hotel and used the bathroom. He looked in the mirror, and straightened his shirt, and then ran a hand through his hair. He looked fairly good. He took the elevator up to Sherlock’s room and then knocked, the butterflies in his stomach running rampant.
John turns to go back towards the kitchen, but Sherlock grabs his wrist.
He knows this is not enough of a statement, given who he is.  She’s Sherlock Holmes, he thinks about everything.  At least a little.
Sherlock isn’t sure what he expected but it isn’t this. He knows he has walked in on something so private and he feels dirty for coming upstairs at all.
“Where are you, Sherlock?”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, that’s the whole of it, if you were looking for baby names.”
“Christ, I’m so sorry,” Harry said, covering her hand with a mouth. “I just want you to know that I absolutely adore you. You’re the most handsome man in London, and I do think we could be best friends.”
The night before he left for Afghanistan John took the prettiest girl at the bar home with him and fucked her until she moaned his name into his pillows.
It’s been a long time, but this isn’t something one just forgets how to do.  And John has thought about this many times.
John finally chanced a look at Sherlock and his eyes were wide, and his mouth was hanging open slightly. He was just as much stuck in disbelief as John. At least there was that.
He sighs.  He turns back to Isaac and hulls him off of the mattress.
__________
“Yeah, I guess I did.”
“So what’s the problem?” Greg asked.
“You know…how I’ve been,” John begins.  He’d told her about Sherlock’s death, how his best friend had killed himself in front of him, how it’d messed him up more than he could have imagined.  “And, it has been a long time, you know.  I really like you.”
It’s his wedding day.
Clara left before Harry, saying she had to drop by on her mother.  Harry took her place at John’s kitchen table and lit a cigarette, ashing into one of his new mugs.  With one addiction, others will follow.
“I’m here,” Mary replies.
“Hello,” Sherlock says, and realizes he’s shaking.
“Yes.  I’m sorry you had to see that.”
It’s heartbreakingly wonderful.  But it’s also tainted with too much.
“I was caught.  They nearly chopped off my fucking hands.”
He goes downstairs, and into the kitchen.
“Good.”
Moran watches Sherlock from where he’s sat on the floor, against the bed.
Instead of answering John drags Sherlock down for another kiss, and it’s glorious.
“Of course!” John said in a rush, then opened the door fully. Sherlock stepped inside. There was something off about him. His bottom lip quivered, and his eyes looked red, as though he had been crying. When Sherlock removed his coat John saw that his hands were shaking. “Sherlock, what is it?”
“John, you really don’t need to look so nervous, honestly,” Mary says quietly.  “I really like you, I’m not trying to move too quickly you know.  I just…like you.”
Once he had made it to the top of the tree, he settled down between two branches and looked at his surroundings. He could see every house on his road from here and as his eyes searched the lawns and picket fences, his eyes fell on a boy in his form, Marcus. Marcus lived two houses down and was barely older than John, though much taller. John watched the other boy from his perch, and felt his face warm. Marcus was lying in the grass, looking up at the sky. He reached his hand up, as if to touch a cloud and then slowly and gently brought the hand back down to his chest. John swallowed, and allowed his own hand to reach out.  He lost his balance and as John fell down onto the grass he wondered why he had done it, reached out, wanted to touch.
John braces himself.
“It’s all true,” Sherlock continues.
__________
John orders a beer and half of it is gone quickly somehow, Mary’s drink refilled, and they’re laughing about one of the night nurses which may not be very kind but John has never been very kind and it is genuinely funny.
“That means no, why would you think that was even remotely possible.”
“Don’t think about it,” John said, and put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders. “We’ll get it sorted.”
“It’s right there, the one with the red door,” John said, pointing across the street.
This time, she really is dead, and Sherlock takes the phone.
She starts talking about making coffee and the diner downstairs.  John can’t really hear her.  His head is pounding with the sound of his heart.
“Well, seems it could be dangerous. Are you uhm, worried about that at all?” John said, turning to Sherlock. Sherlock leaned back against the sofa and grinned, a mischievous glint coming to his eye that was absolutely endearing.
“Nothing.”
John bucked and then moaned, and Sherlock wore himself out.  Sweat matted Sherlock’s curls to his face.  John brought a hand up to touch Sherlock’s lips.
“Good.”
“Dammit,” John says, and gets up to shower.
“Then why didn’t you say something?”
“You heard that did you?  The first night I came back.”
“I am a friend, I’m not just…looking for him.”
Mary shoots Sherlock and he thinks this might be deserved, as he probably should have stayed dead anyway.
At the clinic, he’s doing a routine checkup when a nurse comes in.
It started when his plane landed in America, at LAX, and the first thing Sherlock had done was chain smoke nine cigarettes on the cab ride to the safe house.  He would only be in Los Angeles for one week (thankfully) but in that time he would have to find three of Moriarty’s men.  At least that was the plan.
Sherlock also has a hand thrown around John’s hip.
“Sometimes I think everyone in London wants me. The things that have been said about me. What I must be like in bed. People say these things about me as if they know me. Was I like what you thought I’d be like?”
“Thank you,” John says to Sherlock as he moves to leave.
“Of course,” John said, and moved to take the dishes away.
He takes out his most comfortable sweater, jeans.  He looks decent.
John moved to start setting the table with Harry.
“That’s not what people normally say.”
John tried not to panic immediately. He coughed into his fist and nodded.
He’d been caught three months ago and right now he’s fairly certain he is going to die and it will all have meant nothing.
Phillip came rushing down the stairs.
Sherlock nods and then rolls his eyes.
“Alright,” Sherlock says.
As Sherlock spoke, a man entered the room. He was dressed in a three piece suit and had his hair slicked back. Sherlock rolled his eyes as soon as the man opened his mouth to speak.
“Can I stay here for a while longer?” Sherlock asked.
“Very, very good.  But I don’t want to go much farther if you’re—“
It isn’t easy when Lestrade asks them if they want to join him for a pint.
“Well, you did fine.”
“Is your sister really in recovery? Maybe we can exchange sobriety tokens.”
Greg sped to John’s flat and everyone piled in.
“I’m sorry. But at least I didn’t let you think I was dead.”
“At the bar on sixth?”
, John thinks.  Those who are dead, those who do not exist.  He thinks of Tessa, the nurse.  People fall in love with ghosts all the time.
His ankles feel heavy.  He opens up the new book he’s been trying to sift through.  Something in him wants to reach out and pick up one of Sherlock’s chemistry books, but he knows Sherlock’s handwriting will be there, and it’s all still so raw, two months later.  John won’t remove any of Sherlock’s things, he doesn’t want to touch them because that would seem rude, Just In Case.  Mrs. Hudson has stopped asking.
“Yes.” Sherlock steepled his fingers at his mouth and then pressed on, despite how pained he looked. “I have to leave tomorrow. But, I was thinking. If I didn’t have to leave, would you let me see you? A little or, a lot?  We could see if…if you could like me again.”
Sherlock’s voice is warm and deep. It’s positively lovely to hear. John thinks about reaching out and touching Sherlock’s shoulder, but then remembers he can’t do that. He thinks back to his last days with Sherlock, before the madman ran off without him. What was it that Sherlock had said, the thing about the man that got shot in front of them?
“No. No, I’m definitely not one for playing it cool. Certainly not under these circumstances. My flatmate. You might recall. He never gave me the message.” Sherlock hummed into the phone, almost agitated but John pushed through anyway. “Perhaps I could pop round for tea later, or something?” John asked hopefully.
“Okay.”
Hours later, with self-sewn stitches itching his calf, he goes out to a bar, gets a little drunk, and finds a man who looks a little like John and who could never come close.
It was a stupid case anyway.  It was all very silly given the fact that the suspect had already been identified and it was easy to find him at the drug den, but he wasn’t so easily caught.  The man was thin and small but very fast.  He was of course caught in the end, but not before he kicked John in the ribs and broke Sherlock’s nose with one forceful punch.  John ended up circling on him and punching him so hard he went down, but still,
John laughs, leaning against the sofa.  He doesn’t know how much he’s had to drink.  He won’t remember this conversation.
Right now, he looks to Sherlock, who is smiling but looks devastatingly sad.  John looks away.  He can’t try to understand what that look means, because if he knew what it meant, it’d ruin everything.
“What doctor, tell me what I’m doing that’s so wrong?”
John tries to remember that he is indeed over the forty year mark, but at times it’s hard to recall that number, when just last night he was running across London at four o’clock in the morning and it felt like nothing at all.
__________
Sherlock only smiles in response and kisses John.  He figures they can sort it out later.
“What happened to him?”
Sherlock is beginning to get worried.  Has he done something wrong?
After the whole kissing in the hallway incident, John found himself looking up Sherlock Holmes and the hundreds of success stories and solved cases thanks to the great detective. It was honestly daunting. The man had been working with Scotland Yard long before he had done the whole saving royalty bit, and he also had a website that listed all of the cases he had solved outside of the Yard as well. The website was a bit pompous as well as silly. Sherlock listed his solved cases right alongside an essay on over two hundred different types of tobacco ash. John chuckled to himself as he read the through, amazed that such an intelligent man would think that anyone would find this remotely interesting but was entirely endeared nonetheless.
Mycroft stood up from John’s desk, picked up his umbrella, and walked out of the shop. John sat in the office for a few minutes, trying to compose himself. He was going to see Sherlock again.
“Yeah, that’s enough I think,” John said standing up.
Sherlock pushes his nose into John's cheek.
When John wakes up in the morning, he’s in Sherlock’s bed, curled around a pillow. It smells like Sherlock’s shampoo.  John touches the pillow gently as the morning light comes in through the right window.  He can’t tell what time of day it is from this room, but he’d wager it’s early still.  He doesn’t remember putting himself in this bed.  He feels he’s contaminated it, now it smells like the both of them.  He’s rumpled the sheets, they’re different from now from how Sherlock left them tossed about when he woke up the day he died.  Did he know that would be the last time he would rise from this bed?  John tries to desperately remember the last time they both went to bed, fell asleep, and woke in each other’s presence but he can’t be sure now.  He does remember, however, the last time he saw Sherlock wake up in this flat.
Sherlock huffed. “Sure. Why not?” He grabbed a pen off the counter and spun around until John handed him a piece of paper out of a spare notebook. Sherlock nodded his thanks then quickly scrawled a message onto the paper. “What’s your name?”
Sherlock takes it.
“Obviously, yes.”
“Yeah, well.  You had at least three cigarettes on the way here,” John replies.
“He was very good to me.  I wasn’t very good to him, in the end.”
“I’ll be back shortly.”
“Yeah, but am I a pretty lady?”
“You just let him into your home?”
“Yes, well, like I said. My brother is not knowledgeable in all subjects. With regard to relationships, my brother knows very little. I know my brother very well. I know what he’s like, and I have never seen him be the way he is now that he has met you. Do you see what I’m saying?”
“So who was it, a decade ago?  If you don’t mind me asking,” John says.  He says it quietly and carefully, seeing if anything is overstepping.  It isn’t.  John could ask anything and Sherlock would answer.
Sherlock is standing on the coffee table. His sleeves are rolled up to his elbows and there’s a cigarette tucked behind his ear.
__________
__________
“Yes, of course. John, I wanted to apologize.” John swallowed hard and tried to gauge Sherlock’s expression. He did not seem like a man who apologized often. “I kissed you. Out of nowhere. I wanted to be sure you were alright with the whole thing.”
"He was very good to me. Much better than I deserved."
John makes quick work of cleaning Sherlock’s face, and when he’s finished he puts his palm against Sherlock’s cheek, which Sherlock cannot help but lean into.
“Do it in your room.”
Sherlock wraps his robe around himself and huffs off to his bedroom.  John shakes his head and makes milky tea while he waits.
John rocks back and forth on his heels, head down, heart pounding.
That’s as far as he pushes.  But he’s rejected anyway.  It stings, probably more than it should.  But it had been so long, and he was hoping.  So he lies.
__________
John kisses Sherlock’s cheek, then the side of his mouth, then lets out a breathy sigh.
“Christ, Sherlock.  That’s not the first time is it,” John says, shaking his head.
John woke up early, after a night of tossing and turning, as he had every day for the past six months. Since he had returned from Afghanistan he’d hardly gone a full night without waking up a handful of times. The dreams were hard on him.
Sherlock nods and extends his hand for the glass.  John pours him a decent amount and Sherlock thinks he should probably not have quite this much but hell.  There’s a beautiful boy in front of him after all.  John’s eyes are bright and his hair is a little tousled from the wind but it looks good.  He’s watching Sherlock from his chosen chair, and he puts his feet up on Sherlock’s arm rest.  Sherlock had sort of thought he was done with things like these.  He is still fairly young but it hadn’t really seemed possible.  And certainly not from someone so bright, like John.  So bright and radiant, brave, mad.  Mad like Sherlock.  Mad like adrenaline and bullets and blood and doing only what comes naturally.  Doing exactly what you like.  Sherlock realizes he’s utterly fucked, watching John back.  John is the most fascinating person Sherlock’s ever met with hands that heal and kill with the same finger tips.
Sherlock finds him, of course.
To counteract this fantasy is also the one in which Sherlock and John have exchanged roles, but John is vicious.  Sherlock has to be told to breathe every morning or he won’t.  He’ll turn blue before he lets that happen.  In this fantasy Sherlock happily strips down for John and lets John have his way with him.  It is always delightfully painful, and his eyes water when John pulls his hair or chokes him with his cock shoved down his throat.  He has no qualms with any of this.
“Oh please, I wouldn’t hurt you before he got here, that would ruin the fun.  No, no…I’m trying to figure out why he likes you so,” Moriarty says, his voice low.  He nods a bit.  “I’m really not sure.  You look ordinary to me.  Are you hiding something from me Doctor Watson?”
John can’t help but laugh.
“So know this: today you sit between the woman you have made your wife and the man you have saved—in short, the two people who love you most in all this world.”
It’s cold against my back.
Sherlock turns his head and sees John in the doorframe, in just a white t-shirt and pants, on his way into the bathroom.
“You know, to celebrate the case.”
“Normally I would, but this is not something for the shop. This is something for
“Oh, right,” Sherlock said. John bolted up at the sound of his voice.
“About what?” Mary asks somewhat cautiously, smiling just a little.
“That was brilliant you know,” John says, sipping his beer. “The gardener, really?”
“John that’s the stupidest thing you’ve ever said.  After everything…  I’m so in love with you sometimes it just feels like madness.  It’s made me sick.  It scares me, what I feel for you.”
“I’m completely mental I know.  I’ll be a mess, I mean I won’t know what I’m doing.  I’ll be a disaster, probably.  I’m too much most likely and I’ll ask too much of you.”  Sherlock is drunk but he’s trying to be kind.  He should probably warn John at some point, before he gets too attached to the tiny soldier who tastes fantastic.
“Of course it is. No one should let Greg within a ten foot radius of a stove.”
When a rather sharply beautiful woman is naked in front of one, one is usually pleased with the recent turn of events.
Sherlock laughs a little, then a lot.
Sherlock laughs a little.
“Yes,” John confirmed. A headache was already starting to form.
“Moriarty wanted Sherlock destroyed, and you have given him the perfect ammunition,” John says, then gives Mycroft a stiff smile.  The ones that happen when he’s wickedly angry.  He stares him down as Mycroft sighs heavily. Mycroft apologizes, and John laughs in his face.
, John thinks.
John is going to be married in two weeks.  John has fallen asleep on Baker Street’s sofa.  Sherlock had been playing the violin for him, and he’d turned, and John had been asleep, the Union Jack pillow under his head.
John scoffs and shakes his head. He still wants to punch him a bit. Or kiss him so hard it bruises. Either one.
“There’s just…this boy,” John started.
John licked his lips, and swallowed hard, trying not to let the words mean too much. John then shook his head, trying to shake it off.
“You know why she won’t prescribe you the Prozac, the Xanax, the Zoloft, the Praxil, you bloody.  Idiot,” Sherlock says slowly.
__________
There are a few times Sherlock feels this with John.  When he sees him across the restaurant about to propose to a stranger, when he moves back into Baker Street after said marriage ends.  And when they meet.
“And for the record.  It’s all gone.  Including the thirty year old scotch I stole from Mycroft.  He’ll be happy to know it all went down the drain.  Neither of us will be drinking anymore.  I probably shouldn’t have been in the first place you know, addict and all,” Sherlock says as he takes his seat across from John.  John nods.
“Why might that be?” John asks dryly, getting tired of where this is going, where he goes with himself nearly every night.
“Boys, you’ve got one!” Mrs. Hudson calls.
“I just wish I could have been there to help,” John says after taking too large a swallow. Sherlock instantly begins to shake his head.
“What do you mean?”
“I think so,” John said, wanting nothing more than to see Sherlock and hold him.
"I don't know about all that.  Why didn't you ever say anything?  We both know I was clearly hitting on you the first night at Angelo's."
When John gets home, he pours himself a drink, and he tries.
John made his way into the elevator and to his shock Greg Lestrade was there. John hadn’t spoken to Greg in about a week, and Greg looked just as surprised to see John as John was to see him.
But he knows he can’t say that at all.  He knows that isn’t the appropriate answer.  He knows he is supposed to say Yes.  He wishes he could say yes and mean it but he can’t and he is done lying to John.
“Not now, I’m reading,” Harry replied.
“We could
-Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient
“Oh dear,” Mrs. Hudson cooed. “Would you like me to make you a nice cuppa? Ease the pain a bit?”
They had tied him up to a chair and locked him in a basement.  It was terribly hot.
__________
The man looked utterly confused but left all the same.
Sherlock’s heart decides to try to fail again.
. John kicks the books away and throws the rug over. Nothing. John goes to the sofa next. He pulls the cushions off and then dives underneath. Nothing. He goes to the kitchen. He pulls open every cabinet, every drawer, searches the crisper behind the thumbs he never threw out. John runs to the bathroom. He accidently spills his aftershave on the tile. He opens up every bottle of hair product, just in case there’s somehow something hidden inside the smell of mint and lavender. Nothing.
“Not right now, no.”
They fall asleep, quickly and easily.
Sherlock’s breathing becomes heavy, and he breathes through his nose.
The last line on the postcard is sloppier than the other two. Like it was more rushed. He wonders if Sherlock is in pain.
As they began the short walk over to Greg and Molly’s place, Sherlock lit up a cigarette. It was a nice night out. There was a slight breeze, but the spring air felt nice on John’s face.
“I’ve miraculously never been shot. I’ve been shot
“Please don’t stop,” John says, so quietly it’s almost missed but it’s heard and it only urges Sherlock forward.  He’s helpless in his ache.  Part of him hurts, part of him is happy.  He’s been cradling his self-control for so long.
,” Sherlock replies before he even understands what he’s just said.
Sherlock returns the favor happily.  He imagines how John would taste.  He imagines licking John’s cum off his own fingers, John whispering “You’re just obscene right now, look at you.”
John tilts his head up a bit, keeps his mouth firm, eyes locked on Sherlock.
“Certainly not.”
Sherlock falls asleep with all of his clothes on, his shoes leaving dirt marks on his bed sheets.
But John had immediately wanted to return when it was all over.  Sherlock hadn’t anticipated it.  He had expected John to be angry.  He had expected John to grieve the loss of a child that was never his to begin with.  Instead he had asked Sherlock, so hesitantly, if he could come home.  As if the question ever needed asking.  As if the answer could ever be no.
He’s laughing, really laughing.  And it’s all too much.  He’s so happy he’s going to die.  And there, his cane, being handed to him after he’d forgotten.  The tightening of his chest when he looks to Sherlock, who is standing against the wall, beaming at him.  God.
“You’re thinking too loudly, what is it?” Sherlock asks, his thumb tracing circles on John’s palm.
“God, do you know how gorgeous you are?” John mutters.  Sherlock pulls him back up to kiss him.  He wonders how far he would be comfortable going in this moment and realizes that despite the fact that he’s not done this in ages he’s ready to do just about anything.  The man in front of him killed a man to save his life the first day they met.  Sherlock feels ready to do the same, and that, that’s utterly terrifying.
"In case what?"
In another universe, John calls out to Sherlock.
“Sherlock, that is really not fair,” John said, his own anger beginning to grow. Did Sherlock really think so little of him?
“What is it?” John asks.
“How do you expect me to believe that?” Sherlock asks, and his voice catches and cracks, just a bit.
“I don’t think so at all,” Sherlock says.
“Oh, well, maybe you didn’t understand the first twenty times I told you:  IT’S FOR A CASE!” Sherlock yells in the back of the cab.  John had insisted on taking him back to Baker St.
“I’m sorry I took so long.”
John strokes Sherlock's hair, kisses his forehead again.
He thinks something inside snaps.  Somewhere inside one of his lower ribs, and it makes him gasp.  For a rather humiliating moment he thinks he will fall over, but John pulls him closer and holds him steady.
When Sherlock was small, before he ever knew about the joys and mercies of destroying his body with drugs, he would put his energy into creation.  He had always needed something to obsess over.  Science did just fine until it wasn’t enough. Cigarettes were fine until they weren’t enough. Helping solve crimes was fine until it wasn’t enough.  Coke was fine until it wasn’t enough.  Morphine was fine until it wasn’t enough.  Laying on shower floors unable to speak wasn’t necessarily fine but it happened often enough when Sherlock would go on a bender.  It wasn’t until rehab when someone asked him why he’d do it that he was forced to view the fact that he’d been trying to die for the past three years.  He wasn’t sure he had been aware of how sad he’d been always, it had just sort of grown into him and planted roots in some part of his bones.
John throws up scotch in the kitchen sink, rolls down the cupboards.  Sherlock has to take him by the hand to pull him into bed.
“Yeah.” John lets out a laugh. “Even now, you utter bastard.”
They go to Angelo’s and it briefly reminds John of the first day they met.  Sherlock looks so different now.  Perhaps it is because John knows him now, but it’s also definitely because of the way Sherlock has aged in the last five years.  It’s been a rapid aging for the both of them.
“I would have you here until you begged for mercy twice.”
They’ve been going on dates at least once a week. Sometimes when Mary is off, she’ll get lunch with John on his breaks, and she’ll laugh into her coffee, the cup stained with pink lip marks.  She’s been kissing him on his jawline, and he’s been sighing into it, growing used to it.
“More than anything.”
John is actually nervous.  He fiddled with the ring at least twenty times during the cab ride down and it has been only a short time with Mary—just six months—but it still feels correct somehow.  This is what he should be doing.  He was frightened of the idea at first, but now it feels like sanity all finally coming together.
__________
He’s always been sure about everything. So sure.  This is no different.  It might have happened when John got angry at the papers for being bigots.  It might have been the time John pulled Sherlock back by his shoulder before he could fall flat on his face, tripping over his own feet on the way out of the pub, too excited about the chase to take a moment.  He hadn’t usually been so clumsy.
John doesn’t say
“Because I’m afraid.”
During the first raid, John saved three lives, and lost one.  With blood up to his elbows and a corpse on his operating table, John walked out of the tent and into the showers, turned on the water as cold as it would go, and sat down encased in tile with his entire uniform still on.  Major Sholto had burst through the shower doors, much to John’s dismay, and had dragged him up by his wrists and had slapped him across the face.  Not very hard, but hard enough.
The violin triggers something inside of him that now only reminds him of his lowest points.  He had used the violin as a means of escape too often when John was away.  He had been forced to use the instrument for John and Mary’s wedding.  After he had poured his entire being into this instrument, letting the notes take over.  At times it was all he knew, the composing.  He would wake as if from a trance, face wet with tears, and then see that he had written a song.  This kept him from going over other edges that he has decided not to think about.
Mary leaves.
“You nearly died.”
Once inside the room, John realized he was surrounded by other members of the Yard. He had spoken with most of these people before, some of them he had seen at a party Greg and Molly were throwing. Greg made his rounds and began making small talks with the other investigators. John stood in the middle of the room, confusion clouding his every thought. John tapped the blond woman on the shoulder and she turned to him.
It’s mostly trash and bills, but he sees the postcard sticking out between two envelopes. It’s a painting of a little girl looking nervous. Her hands are covered with her two large jacket sleeves and both hands are held up to her face. Her hair is falling over her face. There’s a black and white town behind her. A painting of a painting. John turns the postcard over and reads:
“Mrs. Roberts, can you hear me?”
So Sherlock looks for an excuse.  He texts Lestrade, saying he’ll take any cases outside of the city, preferably in the middle of nowhere.  The last time they took a case way out of the city was just before Sherlock had to go away, the case with the fake hound and Baskerville.  During that case was possibly when they had been the closest, when Sherlock had thought that maybe something more than friendship could have happened between them.  But that’s over now.  He just needs to get John out of London.
“Yeah?  Do you mean after or before you came back?”
“Of course.” John nodded again, then looked to the papers in front of Sherlock. “What’s this?”
"Yeah, I do.  About a million.  I want to know everything I don't already know about you."
He learned in rehab that he’d always have addictions.  They would simply manifest in different ways.
Sherlock aborts his love and leaves it in the tips of his fingers as he grips John’s hand, bare skin to bare skin.
He expects Sherlock to get in easily with a plan.  He always has a plan.
“Yeah?”
“Damn, I was hoping it was my brother,” Sherlock says.
“You did what now?”
Content.  John in his dark blue robe, looking at him softly, asking him if he’s eaten.  Inspecting a bruise on his cheek from the Americans after Irene Adler.  Smiling at him, with him, for him.  So unlikely now.
“Do you want to go grab lunch now, new shift on, I think we deserve it,” Mary says, her dark blue eyes staring at him.
“Great, perfect. Thank you all.”
They take the elevator to the seventh floor, and she unlocks the door, throwing her coat off and onto her couch.  She immediately goes to the kitchen to put on the kettle.  John looks around.  Her walls are yellow and orange, autumnal.  She has a picture with herself and a bunch of her friends sitting on a side table.
Hair blurs vision, maybe I am here.  Maybe I am not.
“And what do you know about relationships? You’ve not been in a real one in ages. And I’ve seen you run away from your feelings for the last two years with that flat mate of yours.” She raises her eyebrows and smirks. John feels his face go hot.
John lets out a light chuckle. He can feel himself blushing harder still, as if that were possible. Just him and Sherlock. Like before.
He doesn’t even mind, in a grim way.
“Not a word.”
“I’m not ready to sleep,” Sherlock says softly.
“I love you,” Sherlock says against John’s neck.  “I know it doesn’t matter that I’m saying it here and now, because I’m going to die, but I love you.”
John holds his breathe for what feels like hours.  If it is what he thinks it may be, he almost doesn’t want to know.  How could he respond properly?  It would not be what Sherlock deserves.
“He gets all his brilliant ideas from a needle if you ask me,” one of the men said, and another round of laughter went round their table.
John kneels, sees the wound.
“John, really, there’s no need,” Sherlock began, but John was already off.
“But that would be a luxury,” Sherlock replies.
Sherlock had thought (foolishly) that John was just on another date.  Then, when John had gripped his throat and fallen down on top of him, he’d felt the box against John’s left breast pocket.  It all made sense.  The restaurant, the champagne selection, the realization feels like burning.  Suddenly the pit of Sherlock’s stomach feels raw and tight.  Every noise he hears makes his entire body jerk.  He knows the feeling, even if he hasn’t felt it in years.  Anxiety attack.  He’s on the ground and he’s letting John bleed him dry.  If John choked him to death right now it would be amazing and a release not unlike climax.  He doesn’t mind, so long as John continues to touch him.
“You say that, but it is hard to tell with you sometimes.”
“It was supposed to be given to you a long time ago but better late than never I suppose.”
“Then I suppose you’ll just have to be convincing.  I’m sorry there doesn’t seem to be another way.”
“You want to come to my sister’s birthday party?” John said. “Just clarifying.”
“Drink this, it’ll help,” John says.
__________
“Admit it,” Sherlock says.  “You have missed this.”
“She will because she’ll want to believe you.”
“Oh,” Sherlock says.  “Well.  It’s been, let’s see…nearly a decade for me?” Sherlock says, more talking to himself than anything else.  He shrugs at his reflection.
He drinks from his glass and thinks about dying again, but he really doesn’t want to add a new routine to the scotch.  It’s nearly comical, but John has had enough sense since Sherlock died to take his gun apart, and keep each part in a different part of the flat.  He still knows where they all are, and he could put the gun back together by sheer muscle memory alone, no matter how blind drunk he were, but it’s also true that he wouldn’t go to all the trouble to kill himself at that point, he would more than likely just fall asleep on the floor.
It continues in Nigeria.  The heat is unbearable and Sherlock sticks out like a sore thumb.  He has tracked down a money launderer and as he cuts off the other man’s airways it suddenly seems too intimate.  The man chokes and falls to the ground.  Sherlock decides knocking him out with a nearby brick is easier and he does so.
“Fuck,” John says, feeling crazed and dizzy. “Sherlock. Fuck.”
“I’m glad. You’re the best thing to happen to me too,” John said as he twirled Sherlock to the left.
John felt it trying to fall asleep in room adjacent to Evan (only a plasterboard wall between their beds), he felt it in class, in the library, at the bottom of beer bottles. He sometimes felt in between his legs, his hand there. He felt it and he hated himself. He rightly hated himself. He was afraid to see her, see Amelia. How could he be afraid to see her?
Their car pulls up to the tarmac.  Sherlock is waiting, standing with Mycroft.
“Man,” John says.
John wishes he could say yes, we are, in some small way, perhaps.  But not that way.  He wouldn’t want me that way.  He may not want anyone that way.  He doesn’t feel things that way.  He feels, so much.  But, not that way.
He saunters in, binning his now empty coffee cup.
“What is it?”
“Hey, John,” she says quietly, so as not to disturb him.
“Not know what?”
“Mr. Holmes is leaving tomorrow for a very important MI6 mission,” the mediator responded, and John’s heart leapt. That wasn’t Sherlock’s choice, that was Mycroft. “Which is why we need to round things up, final questions now.”
“A fraud,” John finishes.  He hates the words coming out of his mouth.  He doesn’t want to worry Sherlock, but this is what’s happening.  Moriarty’s plan.  Sherlock surprises him though.
“You were very drunk last night,” Sherlock commented, avoiding John’s eyes.  Sherlock was now fully dressed and drinking coffee.  He could pretend that nothing happened.
Sherlock lunges forward.
“You’re back,” John says. “Where have you been?”
The man pulled a book off its shelf and opened it. He rolled his eyes, huffed, and then spun to the shelf to his right. As he did so, his coat whipped around him, and it was this gesture that made John realize just who he was looking at.
The problem had been the after.  Once it had been a year Sherlock didn’t try to go back to that first night at Angelo’s.  He didn’t try to recreate the image of John looking at him like he wanted him.  He’d been too afraid.  And it had always been so stupid.  The difference fifty two days can make.
After a pause, John speaks again.
“He’s pulled through.  Just barely.  But he’ll be okay.”
John responds in full, letting his tongue brush Sherlock’s bottom lip.
“Well, what are you doing?” John asks the bee.  He moves to put a hand over the bee to cup it between his hands.
John hung his jacket up in the back office and Mrs. Hudson came through the back just as John flipped the sign in the window to “Open.”
Sherlock laughs again, and then puts his mouth on John’s neck, and kisses his way back up to John’s lips. John hopes he never stops.
“All my things are still here.”
“Is dinner still on tonight, eight, yeah?”
She sits down on the sofa, watching John.
__________
“That was very stupid, I hope you know.  You just willingly were going to take that pill.  I know I said it earlier.  But…you really must be mad.”
“I’ve been right here,” Sherlock replies. He smiles wide and toothy.
John doesn’t say anything for a moment.  He stares up at the sky and simply admires.  The brightly colored leaves are out there somewhere, falling and changing.  John lets out a sigh, then turns back to Sherlock.  The small back porch light gives Sherlock just enough light to see that John is smiling.
__________
“Are you okay?”
“Twice.”
The case was supposed to be barely a four, something that in the past Sherlock wouldn’t have even left the house for, but he’d been so desperate for cases to keep John occupied that he took it anyway.  And now he’s been stabbed by the drunk angry soon to be ex-husband of their client.
His phone rings.  It’s Mary.
“What are you doing?”
“Of course,” John says.
“No, no.  We’re doing this right and we’re doing this slowly.  I want to take you apart.  I want you to feel amazing.”
“You started this, not me.  You finish it.  This is your decision.  She’s your wife.  You came to me, this is on you.”
“Well it was rather odd. And it all came off a little rude if I can be honest. But he said ‘Hello, it’s Holmes. Call me at the Ritz. Then called himself a completely different name. Said his name was Basil. Very odd.”
Sherlock leaned down and kissed the scar. It made John feel over exposed and very raw. He hoped Sherlock would never do it again and at the same time he hoped he would do it every day for the rest of their lives. And that was a frightening thought.
John hears a knock on his door.
to do it.  And you like that I’m doing it too.”
“Look just leave it, I can do it.”
“What is it?” John asks, a smile hidden behind his glass.
And now Janine was wearing it.
“You did?”
John puts both hands on either side of Sherlock’s face, and then lets his mouth slide into Sherlock’s.  He breathes deeply and God, he’s trying so hard to keep himself composed.
__________
Tamil Nadu is a fantasy of a place.  It’s unbearably hot.  He feels ill with how much he misses.  He can’t help but wonder what John is doing at this very moment.
Sherlock brushed his jacket off and placed his hands on his hips.
“Happy birthday.” Sherlock handed Harry a small box.
They eat in a relatively comfortable silence.  In the moment, John is content.  He wonders what would happen if he tried to relive their first time in this restaurant.
Moran scratches his face, makes it even bleed a little.  Moran pulls at his hair, but the pain is meaningless.
John stares at the notecard. It’s yellowing around the edges. John inhales sharply. This has to be from a month ago. This can’t be a coincidence. The first one John had believed regardless, but now he’s really sure. He realizes his heart is pounding. April sixteenth is a week from today. He might never have found this note. He wonders how many others might be around the house. The notecard falls from John’s fingers and he turns quickly and his eyes dart around the flat. He lunges at the desk and opens it. Nothing. Only the usual. Paper clips and staples and Bic pens Sherlock has chewed on. He leaves the desk and goes back to the bookshelf. He pulls every book off of the shelf after shaking each one thoroughly. Nothing. The books are scattered across the rug.
Of course he knows.  He always knows.
John knows he isn’t sure, but will he ever be?  He doesn’t mind it so much, being unsure, with her at least.  And he is sure that she wants him, which feels fantastic.  He is suddenly not so afraid anymore.  This doesn’t feel like a Too Late or a Waste.  This feels wonderful, her light breath, her hand in his hair.  John pulls away just enough to look at her face, see the flush there, the slight smile.
“Just to clarify, he said he wanted to be with you?” Greg asked.
“Sherlock, it hurts,” John whispers, more into his glass than to the outside world.  He’s talking to no one, he should go back to his therapist.  Talking to someone should help.  Talking to the walls is making nothing better.
He’s in love. And the man he’s in love with is missing. So John gets drunk about it. It’s a bar three blocks from the flat. He’s been there in the past. Numerous times in fact. He used to go there when Sherlock would frustrate him. When Sherlock was being a complete arsehole and John just needed to grab a pint. Like a bickering old married couple. John laughs lightly into his sweating beer glass. He shakes his head, bites his bottom lip.
“Not really you tend to rub them up…” John pauses, then laughs at his own slip of the tongue. You tend to rub them the wrong way.”
“John, I—” Sherlock began, but was cut off by John’s mouth.  This time, Sherlock did not hold back.  He was fairly sure this was how he was going to die, heart frantically pounding so hard inside his chest that it would finally burst and rip his entire ribcage apart.  Sherlock’s fingers gripped John’s shirt, tugging desperately in an attempt to pull him closer.  John’s arms slid around Sherlock’s waist, his fingers slowly pulling Sherlock’s shirt off of him.
Sherlock lets out a little chuckle. John can feel the vibration from the laughter against his thighs. Seeing Sherlock so relaxed and happy warms John’s heart. His mouth feels dry and he worries he might cry but John doesn’t, he tugs on Sherlock’s hair instead and Sherlock whines a little in response. Sherlock opens his eyes and then rolls over to his right, pushing his face into John’s stomach. Sherlock takes John’s shirt in balled fists. John rubs Sherlock’s back. His entire chest hurts, it feels heavy and painful and completely overwhelming. Sherlock is so absolutely present after so long, John isn’t sure what to do with himself.
“Wow,” John whispered, running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
It was meant to be a joke.
“Are you free tonight?”
“Yeah, I mean I’ve seen a lot worse of course, just she was fine and it sort of spiraled quickly.”
“Give Mary my love,” Sherlock says.
“I may have recognized you, at the diner,” John said.
John can’t be certain but he’s fairly sure that Sherlock has pushed their chairs closer together over time, like they were on John’s stag night.
“Mary never did like it when I drank this shit,” John says. He smiles at Sherlock and takes another sip of his drink. He scoffs and shrugs. Sherlock says nothing.
“Oh, all right,” Sherlock says, unable to think of something better to say.
“I need to go home.” John gives her a tight lipped smile. He feels like he’s cheated. Sherlock isn’t is boyfriend though. He never was.
“I don’t think so, you’re probably very sore.”
John had been watching him from over his tea, trying to shift his eyes, really.  Not wanting to be obvious.  But he always was, (at least he assumed) in the end.  He wasn’t exactly awkward but he wasn’t exactly fond of people either.  So, when he was fond…well…
And then John wakes up.
“In fact I did.”
It was dark and Sherlock didn’t really want to think about Victor Trevor, who ended up hurt because Sherlock had a little cocaine problem.  It was awful to think about and so he rarely did.  Still, he wasn’t sorry.  How could he be when he had something much more incredible in his bed?
It isn’t like anything Sherlock ever expected.
The use of the word home had been so shocking that it had knocked Sherlock’s world off its axis.
John’s hair is flat on one side and there is a line across his chin from the sheets.  Seeing him this way, still a bit groggy, still waking up, soft and rumpled, makes Sherlock’s heart flutter.  He wonders if Mary bought the robe that John is wearing, or if John picked it out himself.  He thinks if Mary had picked it then John wouldn’t still wear it but John has always been full of surprises.  He tries to think about something else, like the way John is giving him a half smile, almost smirking at him.
Sherlock wipes off the stupid mustache and looks handsome as ever, is suddenly very himself, and makes a fucking awful joke.  A joke so god damn stupid it hurts like hell, it feels like a slap because this is How He Comes Back?  John isn’t sure how he’s on the floor, on top of his ex-nothing, throttling him, but he is.
“I was supposed to meet Lestrade today but I can’t look at him, he allowed me to consult when I was just starting and he brought me to so many cases. His reputation is in danger too, he’s the one who let me…” Sherlock trailed off, ran a hand through his hair, and for a second John thought he might throw something across the room. “I never wanted to be famous John,” Sherlock said, his mouth a hard line and his eyes so distant. John had never seen this look on his face before. “It was all a favor for my brother. Then somehow the media got a hold of the story. I didn’t want this. I was perfectly fine solving crimes without anyone ever knowing my name, without anyone paying me a cent. I didn’t want this. I love solving crimes. I adore the thrill of the chase, the endless possibility. I loved running around London. It was perfect. This is what I’m good at. I don’t want to stop. But now someone is trying to ruin my reputation. My career. My name. All of the hard work I’ve put in. All of the energy spent. It won’t matter, because now when people see me they will only see a pathetic addict who can’t even keep his own past in check. No one is going to take me seriously. Everyone will assume I’m untrustworthy. I’ll be…nothing again.”
One night John had come onto Sherlock, after eating dinner, he had nearly taken Sherlock right on the table with leftovers still lying out.  Then, suddenly, John had stepped away; something he hadn’t done since the beginning.
Sherlock is panting, but his face is calmed.  He blinks a few times.
“Sherlock Holmes!” she shouts. “Young man what are you doing in my kitchen!”
"If you've loved me for so long, tell me why you got married," Sherlock says.  He's looking away and John knows he didn't want to bring it up, didn't want to ask but just has to
“So there’s really been no one else?”
“I’m here alone.”
John almost laughs.  He does not feel that he exactly needs to be protected.  After all the danger he has willingly put himself in with Sherlock at his side, getting hurt seems like nothing.
“How…How do you know about Ellis?”
Sherlock Holmes.  Right.
“Good, this shit will kill you,” Sherlock says, taking the cigarette back from John.
“What did he say?”
They go back to sleep.
John had said “Sherlock, can I come home?”
John leaves the bathroom and walks into Sherlock’s bedroom, rummages around and comes back with one of his soft sleeping shirts.  Sherlock keeps his hands on his ice and John begins to undo Sherlock’s cuffs and then the buttons down the front of his shirt.
“I did it, I admit it. John, dear, Mycroft Holmes is in the back office.”
“So, Three Continents Watson?
“Fine just do it.”
“Yeah, must’ve been.”
Still, he survives.
“You’re a proper coward.”
__________
Two weeks later, when John is finally employed, he wakes up at 2 in the morning to use the bathroom.  When he turns on the light switch his heart clenches so quickly he gasps and he nearly falls backwards.  Sherlock is in the tub, fully clothed, with no water.  He has a piece of paper he’s writing on against the tile.  When the light comes on his head turns sharply and he meets John’s gaze.
He does not give him the bow.
“How did you sleep?”
Sherlock nods then laughs with him.  It’s a deep laugh.
Eventually, they parted to sleep. John walked Sherlock upstairs to his bedroom. At the doorframe, Sherlock stopped.
John who had called with his hesitant, slow, quiet voice and had asked to come home.
“They could have.  I wish I hadn’t been so angry.”
The bartender brings them shots, Sherlock is fairly certain it’s whiskey of some sort.  John passes his over to him and Sherlock stares at it for a moment, grimacing.
They make it to the sofa, and it’s a miracle they’ve moved at all.
John has been licking his lips so much that they’re chapped and hurt but it doesn’t matter.  He feels brave tonight.
“Did you drug my pregnant wife?” John demands as they make their way outside.  John had been under the impression that they were to just sneak out of the house and make off with Mycroft’s laptop.
“John…what the hell?”  It hurts, it really does.
“Use your mind palace!” John yells.  And Sherlock tries, but he doesn’t know, truly.
This, the re-creation of his mind palace, is one way in which Sherlock could explain to John how he cares for him.  This might be enough to make him start to understand.
When John got to the venue’s doors, a security guard stopped him.
The months pass. And John doesn’t hear a word. The want grows to be a dull ache like there’s a hook in the left ventricle of his heart. It hurts but he grows used to it. It’s a constant reminder. John should have known all those months ago, when Sherlock jumped: he was never going to move on. Sherlock was simply it.
__________
“I gave you my number!  Thought you might call,” Moriarty says from behind John.
- Sierra Demulder
Sherlock’s face collapses, and his eyes catch fire.  He knows exactly what John means.
The worst part was John found out he had been an addict shortly after.  The worst part was he became fucking obsessed anyway.
“It was so good to meet you. I actually still can’t believe it’s you but nonetheless. It’s terrific to meet you.”
because he can’t put that into past tense without lying, and he doesn’t want to say the words out loud to her, they don’t belong here, in Their Bed.
“Yes, Lestrade, in fact I do.”
So John does.  Sherlock is starting to feel the alcohol.  He feels warm and smooth and watching John is lovely.  Sherlock can feel his eyelids getting heavy and he feels the desire to reach out and run his hands through John’s hair.  It looks soft.
“For starters, you and I both know you can’t afford a nice phone, and for another thing, Clara and I are getting divorced.  I don’t want it.”  Harry flipped her long blond hair over her shoulder after another long drag of her cigarette.  “Honestly, John.  Please take it.”  She has pleading eyes, and her hand holding her teacup is shaking.  It would do no good to ask why they were getting divorced.
After nearly breaking Sherlock’s nose, John all but stomps to the side of the road to get a cab and immediately gets in.  He calls out for Mary, and she comes to him, sliding into the cab.
The fight is intimate heavy.  It’s grotesque.  Sherlock can see the sweat drip down between Moran’s eyes and he shoves his thumbs into Moran’s throat just a bit tighter.
“For God’s sake. They found me. And they got a photo of you dressed like that.” John looked down. He was in a shirt and pants but nothing else. He nodded. “And a photo of me dressed like this. In your clothes.” Again, John nodded. “I’ve got to call my brother,” Sherlock said, and pushed past John.
Sherlock glares at the phone until it finally stops its yammering and then picks it up and sends a message to his annoying git of a brother.
It’s only a matter of a few hours until John gets the phone call.
John wants nothing more than to pull Sherlock to his chest, but he knows that would be a terrible idea.
“That’s a crock of shit and you know it.  You’ve saved my life.  You’re amazing.”
“I’m going to work.”
Every day ended with sand in his every crevice, between his toes, and in the already developing wrinkles in his eyes.
The next raid, John doesn’t lose anyone.  Nor the one after.  When he does lose one again he blinks, nods, straightens up, and buries another.
He remembers fantasizing: Sherlock moving his palm from John’s face to his hair, pulling lightly as John kisses his neck, leaning in when John kisses the side of his mouth, opening his mouth to let John in.
“Look at the cover, it’s got vines, flowers, and rose bushes all over it!” Sherlock said, flicking his wrist and waving the book away. John inspected the cover closely and then scoffed.
He wasn’t in today, though.
“Okay well I’ve got to piss so…” John trails off, and crosses arms in front of his chest.
There are a few seconds of silence.
“The forever part, too?” Sherlock asks.  He looks coy, resting his long fingers against his left cheekbone.
__________
“Shut up I don’t snore.”
He acts sad though. Not all the time, but every once in a while. Everyone believes Sherlock is dead, so that must be what Sherlock wants. John has folded the note up and placed it back inside his dresser.
“Alright?” Ellis asked, as he took a sip from his own large pint.
“John, John, John,” Sherlock repeats, voice barely a whisper, nearly unheard over the sounds of traffic coming from the road.
“What do you normally say?!  You’ve texted him a lot!” John shouts, breathing through his nose, fists balled up.
“You could,” John responds, and Sherlock lets out a shaky laugh.  John’s feet feel numb, as do his hands.
“Please.”
He wretches into the toilet and lets himself sit on the cool tile for a while.
For a week Sherlock is nervous mess.  He knows John likes him.  He likes John.  He more than likes John.  He wants to know everything about John, and Sherlock has no idea how to make a move.  He has done this before but there’s something about John that makes this far more difficult than it should be.  Sherlock thinks that if he doesn’t do things properly he’ll regret it every day for the rest of his life.
John looks up to stop the waiter, to tell him to leave.
“Just come lay down.  We’ll sleep it off.  Can’t be worse than my stag night.”
John pulls on his own jacket.  They head towards the door.  John puts his hand on the doorknob, and looks up.
John has attempted to calm down, and it has sort of worked.  He knows somewhere he’s going to break into sadness and defeat more than anger but right now it’s just anger and he is so thankful for that.  They’ve been kicked out of three places already, and as Sherlock dabs at his busted lip he says the words John cannot hear right now.
“Hello John,” Sherlock said. “Can I come in?”
“What do you want?” John asks, his voice rough from not being used.
“I’m not tired,” Sherlock says.  John smiles at him, then kisses his forehead.
__________
John dashed out the door and headed towards the theater. He paid for a ticket in a rush and met Sherlock inside, holding a package of candy and smirking at him from the middle row.
Then, later, Sherlock saves Sholto’s life which is far too much for John.  Just seeing them both in the same room made him feel strange yet content.
The seizing suddenly stops, and Mrs. Roberts blinks rapidly.
She changes the conversation though, and it’s a good thing his pint is still half full, ready to be consumed.
“Sherlock, you have to take your shirt off so I can…” John says, unsure of how to ask.
John stirred pasta noodles while Greg put a salad together. John didn’t love the idea of leaving Sherlock alone with his sister, but he also thought he might scream at Harry if he had to listen to her interrogate Sherlock within an inch of his life.
“God, yes.  I missed you so much.  I still miss you now sometimes.”
It has been three days since John’s phone call.
“And he’s in your bed? And you get on well?”
“You thought I was a slag.”
“It’s Moriarty’s file. I’m trying to distract myself.”
There are footsteps, and then a familiar voice.
He makes it back to Baker Street.
“Only for a few moments,” John says, and smiles.  His heart feels full and he can’t stop smiling.
John laughs.
“Don’t worry. I wouldn’t dream of telling him. I’ll keep this to myself and honestly, I probably won’t believe myself half the time.”
John wakes up late on a Wednesday morning.  He rubs at his eyes and then looks at his phone.
He’s overwhelmed now.
“I’m…yeah well. Sorry.  Just, the circumstances…” John trailed off.  “Did we sleep in the same bed last night?”
“Yes.”
“Yes. I didn’t plan to but it just sort of happened.”
__________
John was riddled with nerves as ten am approached. He thought about bringing Sherlock flowers or chocolates or something but the whole idea made him feel a bit childish. And besides, Sherlock did not seem the type to enjoy played out sentimental gesture. John thought maybe a pack of cigarettes would be more appreciated. Perhaps a very strong cup of coffee?  John threw away the idea of bringing some token of appreciation all together.
“Later,” Sherlock says.  His face has changed, it’s darker now.  John licks his lips and smiles softly up at him.
“Too complicated. What are you doing in the morning?”
“Yes. It feels like what contentment should be. Floating through a dark blue sky. With a goat, playing a violin.”
“What are you on about?”
“That’s it, I’m calling the police,” the landlord says, despite Tessa’s protests.
Sherlock just stares at him blankly, blinking a few times.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, a smile tentatively forming. “Both would be perfect.”
“I was just wondering if, it turned out that this person uh…” John trailed off.
They both come out and Sherlock looks less beautiful now, more like confusion and denial, more of what he looked like when he came back from the dead except that just makes John feel like a horrible person because why shouldn’t Sherlock be happy?
“Yes. He was sitting perched and smirking when the police found him. He had just stolen the crown jewels, but he didn’t make a getaway. He knew what he was doing.”
“You’re coming back to me, do you understand?”
Or perhaps they’re both afraid that when they wake up, the other will be gone.
He comes into his own hand, alone on the blue rug.
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Sherlock mutters.  Sherlock fixes the door handle.
He isn’t sure how he got here though.  With the tin and the bag in each hand, it’s hard to recall how he ended up in the shops in the first place.  He can hear rain pounding on the roof.  Thunder.  It’s rained every day for the first half of November.
John leans back in his chair and looks sleepily to Sherlock.  They’re both incredibly wasted and Sherlock keeps rubbing at his eyes.
“Don’t talk like that,” John says.  “Please.”
“You don’t understand.  I lost my nerve.”
as if Sherlock hasn’t been back for well over a year.
Janine would be pretending that she had had sex with me the night before?
Harry rummaged through her purse, then pulled out a cellphone.  “Here,” Harry said, “I know you don’t have one yet, and I want to keep in touch little brother.”
On the other side, there’s a message. It’s in that stupid scribbly loopy handwriting.
John goes to the lab and sits down. He props his feet up on a second chair, folds his arms across his chest and waits.
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock says, and then takes his hand away.
John comes round the next day.  He calls Sherlock “Mister Holmes” and it’s too strange.  Lestrade finally pulls through and gives Sherlock a new murder.  It’s the third in a set and the best part is that Sherlock can see that John is intrigued.  And John follows, which makes him ten times more interesting than Sherlock had originally thought.
They walked around in the soft grass for hours. The only sound aside from their own voices were the crickets chirping in the distance. Even the hum of London traffic was blocked out by the trees surrounding them, and John had not felt so content since he had been holding a gun in the desert. It was a completely different kind of content, but it was a contentment he felt nonetheless.
Mycroft shows up after six months. John comes down from his bedroom to see Mycroft sitting in Sherlock’s chair. Mrs. Hudson has made tea. John gives her a look as if to say
“Wasn’t working,” John says sternly, trying for
John walks into what used to be his own flat for the seventh time since Sherlock had returned and he didn’t even knock. He had the first time, and Sherlock had laughed and said “Why in God’s name would you knock?” so he hadn’t after that.
John sits up with his glass of scotch, and wonders if he should still give Sherlock the Christmas present.
He doesn’t get a reply, and that really is too telling.  But perhaps it’s also telling that Mycroft didn’t ask for any proof this time.
“How in the world did you--” Stamford begins, but the elevator is already opening and Sherlock walks out without looking back.
“Am I your doctor or not?”
After a few weeks of this Sherlock couldn’t take it.  John tried to kiss him, and for the first time Sherlock pulled away.
She hands him her past in the palm of her hand.  It’s a USB.  It’s supposed to tell John who she really is.
They arrive at Baker Street and Sherlock puts John to bed.  He falls asleep quickly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock knew he hadn’t felt this high in years.  He wondered what John would think, if he told him about his days in his small apartment, on the cold tile, sweating out drugs he didn’t think he’d ever be able to fully quit.
short n to the point cause the next one is gonna be rough lmao.
She does look sad when he walks past her.  Their shoulders brush momentarily.  So informal for someone so intimate.  He follows Sherlock out the door.  He does not look back at her.
The television is on and it’s quiet.  It’s a western.
“Wait, what?”  John side-eyes Sherlock and then spits and rinses his mouth.  “That can’t be right.”
“Moriarty is playing with your mind too, CAN’T YOU SEE WHAT’S GOING ON?” Sherlock yells.  He’s scared.
“Unfortunately no, because we only sell mysteries here.”
“Oh, my God,” John whispers to himself.  He thinks about assaulting the fully grown five year old laying on the couch, but instead walks up to his bedroom and locks the door.
It had been nice.
"Sherlock, I'm never leaving you.  I've been without you far too many times.  So long as you want me I'm not leaving."
Once outside in the brisk February air, Sherlock pulls his cigarette pack out of his pocket and lights one.
“Phillip, he’s in trouble right now would you just go back to bed! I’ll talk to you in the morning.”
Around three months of John’s continued stay at Baker Street, Sherlock decided that John must have been using his unlikely body to numb the pain.  Sherlock kept chanting unheard prayers to himself, thinking
Sherlock never actually says yes to being Best Man, but it’s evident that he’s agreed.  Sherlock quickly teams up with Mary and somehow ends up planning half the wedding himself.  John isn’t sure how to feel about it.  Mary tells him that Sherlock is scared, that he’s planning it all out so intensely because he just wants it to be over.  John says “Scared of what?” and Mary doesn’t reply, only gives him a knowing look.
Sherlock pulls his shirt on, buttons it quickly.
“All the time.  And, now, listen.  I know he isn’t there.  I know that he isn’t there at all and it’s just me making it all worse but he’s there and I’m not sure I want to be rid of him.”
“You invaded Afghanistan.”
“No! No no no not you! Sorry, I thought you were my flatmate.”
John sits next to him on the floor.  Their knees touch and Sherlock feels like he’s going to need to swallow all his organs back down.
“Christ,” he mumbles to himself. He thinks about nine hours ago and gets up to shower and brush his teeth. When he comes out of the bathroom he sees that Mrs. Hudson has left him tea and toast. She’s playing radio and washing dishes downstairs. He eats the toast and gets dressed. He goes to Tesco and buys shampoo, laundry detergent, and oranges. He takes the tube back and checks the mail on the way in.
John pulls Sherlock’s arm over him, and gets him to bed more by throwing him than really placing him down.  He puts a hand on his shoulder, as if he just could not resist, and then heads for the door.
“I’m not sure anymore.  I miss…the idea of her.  How could I miss her though?”
“Hello Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock says quietly. He actually looks nervous. Mrs. Hudson wipes her hands on the apron she’s wearing and John sees they’re shaking.
Molly is standing over a body, taking notes in her dainty, flowery scroll.  Sherlock likes her, despite how he acts.  She’s genuine, and smart, and too kind for her own good.  Sherlock knows he doesn’t deserve her affections, however misplaced they may be.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, and joined John on the sofa.
“No, I don’t think so.  I’m the one who feels like a slag.”  John laughs lightly at himself.
“Okay, that is getting a bit scary now,” John says.
“You.  Flirted.  With Sherlock Holmes.”  John’s head falls to the side, partly out of anger, partly disbelief.
About three minutes passed, and that’s when he heard Harry’s shouting. She was crying, screaming, incoherent. Just outside his bedroom door John had heard the most pleading voice, it didn’t seem to be real.
that was a doozy, woop.
“Yes Mycroft, the press found me. My brilliant plan was apparently not so brilliant. Will you please just help me?”
Sherlock shrugs.
“Why?” She’s too young to be in a bar filled with men, completely alone. Or maybe John has just had a little too much beer.
John has never seen Mycroft in such a non-composed state.  Sherlock bent Mycroft’s arm back, and it would have been humorous if Sherlock wasn’t high out of his mind.
“Please don’t take her from me,” Cecelia  said. QuiteQuiet, tearful, but trying to be strong.
John leans forward, just a tad too far, and lets his hand rest on Sherlock’s knee.  He lets it rest there.
She orders a sandwich and coffee and is sarcastic and witty the entire time, and John thinks he could be friends with her at least, someone who doesn’t fake the whole of human emotions.  She isn’t trying to be nice to him, or friendly, she’s just talking.  She talks about her last job outside of the city, her recent ex named David (only briefly), she shows him where she burned her hand two days ago from the oven, baking homemade bread.
Molly and Greg went to bed shortly after they finished cleaning the kitchen, and John made himself a bed on the sofa. He had stayed over enough times over the years that he knew where everything was. He had hoped these dates would make him feel better, but they had only left him feeling hollow, trying to chase that feeling of excitement and adventure that Sherlock had left with him. Sherlock had seemed to understand John immediately, and it drove John made to know that more than likely he would never see the man again unless his face was plastered on a magazine.
“See, look, I’m fine,” John says.
“Hey Sherlock,” John says out loud, surprising himself. He clears his throat and continues. “I always knew your bed was soft, but I didn’t realize just how much of a posh arsehole you were until now.”
“Yeah, I will.”
“No, relatively speaking.  Much more recent than the first and only other time I had a cigarette.”
“That’s fair.”
“Why not risk it?”
It seemed that every time Mary brought up a new baby name it drove John crazy.  Which, did not make any sense, of course.  Perhaps it was because he couldn’t seem to imagine this child actually existing.  He couldn’t seem to grasp the idea that his life was changing so drastically.  His life had been at a standstill for so long before he had met Mary (and in so many ways) that somehow having what he supposedly wanted and needed was far too overwhelming.
“We should go ge--” John starts, but Sherlock cuts him off.
“Why?” Sherlock asks, and it’s genuine.  He looks up from the paper with a clearly confused expression on his face.  He looks manic, and he’s barefoot.  For a moment, John wonders if Sherlock even knows where he is.
John hears the text alert, and his heart somewhat shatters.  Sherlock heard that.
“Yeah,” John said, licking his lips. Sherlock smiled wide again.
“What?”
The flat is very clean.  There is no clutter, all of Sherlock’s papers stacked and placed in a proper order.  It’s almost unrecognizable with how utterly polished it looks.  John suspects there are no body parts in the fridge.
Then Sherlock lets out a small laugh with no humor.
.  It’s preposterous really.
__________
He doesn’t know what he expected.
“I suppose it is.”
It comes like a heavy wave in a long and terrible storm.
“Fine. Very…very good.  So did you want to grab a pint sometime or something?” John felt as though he were fumbling with his words.  He also figured this couldn’t be much different than chatting up a girl.  Or at least he was hoping.
“Why didn’t you tell me?  I mean I thought…I thought you were just off without me and you didn’t care whether you came back or not,” John’s throat constricts, and he tries clearing it.
Waking up is even harder.
“Med student.  Thinking about um…enlisting actually.  Army doctor.  And then you know, finals.”
thank you to everyone who commented, gave kudos, and bookmarked.  it rly does mean the world.  this piece is intensely close to me.  it was something i needed to write, so thank you.  ur all wonderful.  i sort of wanna cry.
Mrs. Hudson dotes on John constantly. She brings him tea in the morning and afternoons. Sometimes she brings up sandwiches too. She goes around the flat picking things up and dusting when there’s no dust left. She does the dishes all the time, tells John not to worry about a thing. The problem is, John isn’t worried. He isn’t even sad, and all of her doting makes him feel guilty.
“Nice eyes,” Anna says, pointing at his face. She’s drunk and giggly.
“I got shot and lost my job six months ago. Like, I literally got shot and couldn’t be a surgeon anymore. I nearly died and now I’m useless. Please give me that slice of cake immediately,” John said, and everyone laughed mildly. This was how their group had always handled unfortunate circumstances. They just had to be open and laugh about everything. John leaned forward to take his reward.
“You want me writhing underneath you, don’t you?” John asked, his smile taking on a dark quality.  “Well fine, then.”
“I feel very lucky. Why?”
“I’m so lucky,” John says, raising his eyebrows.
“Really?  I’m pretty angry right now, I think I would do just fine.”
“Hello Mycroft,” John said, and did not extend his hand. He could tell there was no need for formalities.
“Yes, I’m sorry.”
“It isn’t because of lack of willing parties,” Sherlock says, feeling the need to defend himself.  “It’s just that, most people are fairly boring.”  He rinses his mouth and places his toothbrush back in its holder.
“No,” John says at first, then, “Wait.”
“You really think so?” Sherlock asks, as if he doesn’t already know the answer.
“You don’t really believe that,” Sherlock says, all lidded eyes and heart pounding.
John got to the bar first, which of course made him feel exposed.  He quickly ordered a pint, and tried very hard not to be nervous.
“No, no, take all of those off but one.  Sherlock that’s not okay.”
Sherlock stood up, and swallowed hard.
“It was harder than I thought.” Sherlock’s voice is hardly above a whisper. John has never seen him so…timid.
It wasn’t easy when John burned his wedding album and didn’t tell Sherlock he’d done it.
“You’re going to get shot.”
Outside, Sherlock is speaking in circles, until suddenly, he’s not.
"Good because I have questions too.  Ask away," Sherlock says, matter-of-fact.  Sherlock has never been shy, why should this be any different?
Dying feels just like this.
Just as Mrs. Hudson headed to the kettle, the shop’s door opened.
“Do you trust me?” Sherlock asks.  He sounds nervous somehow.
__________
“Sherlock, I love you.  I don’t care who knows.  I want everyone to know,” John says across the table.  Sherlock clears his throat, then reaches for his water.
“You didn’t leave,” Sherlock whispers, and shuts his eyes. John massages Sherlock’s hairline.
He remembers: Sherlock’s open palm on his face, calming, soft, warm.  Beautiful.  Sherlock looking down at him intensely, sitting on the twin bed, in his pajama shirt, white and thin.
Sherlock is standing at the counter, tea into a teacup.  Breakfast has already been laid out for him.  He knows Sherlock cooked it himself because although he feigns helplessness he can make a fine omelette.
John wakes up in the middle of the night. The small of his back is damp, and so is his neck. He rolls over onto his back and then sees a shadow in the doorway. A tall and too thin shadow with a mop of hair.
.  So he left it.  As John walked out he turned to see the window, expecting disgust to be apparent on the waiter’s face when he saw the receipt.  But what was there was confusion, and then a lip bite.
Sherlock won’t leave bed in the morning until he’s kissed John.
“Oh.”
“She told me she did it as…retribution. Her last name isn’t Romans.  It’s Moran,” Sherlock says.  John finds he’s staring at the mantel.  He isn’t sure how long he’s been staring at it.  He’s tired, and he can’t feel much of anything yet, but he knows for certain that in time, he will.
He has one more cigarette before going into Bart’s.  He takes the elevator and then heads towards the lab, looking around to see if Molly is in.  He doesn’t avoid her, he never avoids anything besides his brother, but it’s good to know what type of day it’s going to be.
“I told you the first day we met though.”
“Do not let her know that you know who she is.  You can’t.”
“Nothing just…experiment.”
Magnussen is knocked over, awry on the floor.
“Yeah well, you seemed rather preoccupied with conspiracy theories at the time.”
John pushes the sheet aside and sits up slowly.  Eating seems unimportant at present.  It had seemed unimportant for the last month.  He’d gone back to the clinic after two weeks, simply because he couldn’t afford not to.  It was a job he’d done on auto-pilot, not looking any patients in the eyes.
It takes John a minute, but he does get there.
“Sherlock, you’d better get up and follow me.  If you don’t I’ll just come back in here and drag you out myself.”
“I know.”
“You will just have to kill me.  I won’t tell you anything,” Sherlock had replied calmly.
“Oh no, no, just someone I knew from university,” he lied.
“Can I touch you?” Sherlock asks softly against John’s mouth.  John can feel his heart hammering as he nods his head.
Greg came back from the kitchen with a towel over one shoulder.
“I think goodbye would be appropriate,” John said, then made his way out of the hotel room. Fake girlfriend or not, he clearly wasn’t welcome anymore.
He takes a drag off the cigarette, fingers shaking.  It’s everything he’s wanted but he knows himself too well to be able to happy.  And that makes it worse.  If he doesn’t do the right thing in the next forty eight hours his entire life will be different.  If he screws this up, it will the ultimate in things he will never forgive himself for.  It’s
Sherlock had lied to him, and left him alone.  Had let him grieve for two years, grieve like he’d lost a lover because how would Sherlock have known?  But he had left him.  He had left him to go finish the Moriarty job, and John hadn’t been allowed to come.  Why?  Because Sherlock hadn’t thought him up to it?  That had never been a problem before.
Now that it’s too real and too vivid, it all seems to want to come out.
He looks up at the man, unsure if he should be apologetic.
__________
John let out a laugh, wishing that Sherlock were any other person. If he were anyone else, he could simply ask him on a date. But that wasn’t the case. If he asked the great Sherlock Holmes on a date it would appear as though John wanted to date him
“Fine. Good. Might as well,” Sherlock said, throwing his arms up in irritation.
The first time John Watson looks at a boy and feels his face flush, he breaks his bones.
“Can you hear me?” Sherlock asks.
“You will,” Sherlock replied.
“Well that’s good news,” John says, trying to make his brain catch up. “Excellent news. I love you too, git.”
“Good.”
He takes the taxi home, unable to go through a huge crowd again.  He can’t believe Stamford now.  Another brilliantly mad person.  Could it be true?  Another brilliantly mad person?  Well, Sherlock is brilliant but he’s also absolutely terrible.  Wretched even.  But this man.  Maybe he could be good for Sherlock.  Sherlock does what he always does and overthinks everything.  He smokes more out of his bedroom window and pesters Lestrade for some sort of case, anything, even a two, but apparently all of London’s criminals have gone on vacation.  He finally falls asleep around four a.m. with his shoes still on in the living room.
But truthfully, the Major liked John because he was hardworking and a Very Good Doctor, from this liking they grew a mutual respect, and John’s attraction to him may not have gone away, but he let it reside next to his guilt about Ellis.  He was good at repression.  Very good in fact.
He does the only thing he knows how to do, the only thing that even remotely has a chance of saving him: he enters his mind palace and searches for John.
“I thought maybe it was a lot all at once, sorry,” John says, but Sherlock kisses him again.
“Of course. Let me go get them.”
“Well wait, what about me,” Sherlock said, taking a drag off his cigarette. Everyone was silent, unable to fathom what Sherlock would come up with.
“No, really, she’ll understand.”
“What happened?”
He finally is able to get his depression under control and be a person at 26.  He decides after months of being in a high blur, being homeless, being nothing, that he has had enough of cocaine.  Enough going out and doing whatever he can not to feel anything.  But being sober is boring when there’s nothing to distract him.  He falls off the wagon four more times before meeting John. It’s only by luck that John meets him when he’s sober a full year, that he can pretend to be a person who isn’t so terrible after all.  And that is the funniest thing.  John makes him want to be so much better than he is.  Less cigarettes, less manic episodes, someone who doesn’t have a quiet breakdown about not doing enough in a day, about misplacing specific beakers, about not getting a shower in. or having a shower, or about someone looking so familiar and not being able to place them.  It’s torture.  Someone who doesn’t want something to take the edge off at the end of the day and God does he know John would understand it better than anyone.  But he wants that part over and done with and tidied away.  That’s why it’s so heartbreaking every time he even thinks of using.  Once you’re an addict you’re always an addict, you don’t ever get to stop being one.
“Since…my time away,” Sherlock replies, trying to keep it light.
This is normal now, the way that Sherlock speaking to him in his head is normal, even though he knows, rationally, it isn’t real.  He can’t believe his mind is even clever enough to torture him in this particular way, but it is a kind torture at times if nothing else, and John is not proud to admit that he indulges in it (not often, but often enough).
“Sherlock, what is it?” John asks, putting his hands in Sherlock’s curls, coaxing him out so he can look at his face.
“I’m real,” Sherlock responds.  His mouth hangs open a bit, and he’s very close.  They’re on the sofa, and Sherlock’s coat is draped around him.  John realizes that it will be Sherlock’s birthday tomorrow.
Sherlock looked down at his shoes for the briefest of moments. He almost seemed embarrassed by the compliment, which only made John blush harder. John gestured towards the door and Sherlock followed.
John would have thought Sherlock to have thought the same though: Janine being a bit much.  She was bubbly and giggly and Sherlock was anything but.
John wants to run to him, and begins to do so.  Irene puts a hand up.
John thinks about telling her. She’s looking at him with such concern, and he hasn’t been able to talk to anyone about this. But he thinks of Mycroft, and he worries that saying something to Harry will put Sherlock in even more danger. So he finishes his drink and bites his tongue.
He sends the text and then goes off.  Sherlock realizes half way through his dramatic spiel that he’s trying desperately to impress the small man in front of him.  He moves to walk out the door so that he doesn’t get too caught up in any of it.  He feels that the tiny man who is a fucking sun will swallow him whole if he looks at him much longer and so he tries to leave as quickly as possible.
The kettle is going off in the kitchen. It’s whistling and shrieking and John turns towards the stove. When he turns back to the coffee table, Sherlock is gone again.
__________
“That was not a good night,” John replies.
“I loved you on my wedding day.”
In the month before John got married, Sherlock taught him how to dance.  Sherlock had had his hand in John’s, the other on his shoulder.  He’d been in his pajamas and he’d been wildly telling John the steps.  John hadn’t gotten the hang of it very well.
“Why?”
“I couldn’t tell you.  I’m just his flat mate really,” John replies.
"Oh...you would be with her...if you loved her."
Now, he was beautiful because of the lines at his eyes.
“Thank you,” John says.  He smiles at Sherlock, and Sherlock smiles back.  It is so beautiful.  John wonders what would happen if he made the small distance between them disappear.  If he carefully placed a hand on Sherlock’s cheek (to ask: is this okay?), and dipped his head down to kiss him, softly, leaving plenty of room to be pushed away.
The next few days at the bookshop seemed to drag by. John grew quickly frustrated by customers. He even had a few that seemed to not have read the sign out above the shop that read “Mystery Book Shop.”
“Any messages today?” John asked. Their flat had a landline that Phillip insisted upon. He was part of so many bizarre clubs and neighborhood watches, and he felt he needed multiple means of contact.
“I can’t believe you didn’t introduce us,” Phillip said.
__________
“Good morning.”
John held out a hand and Sherlock shook it. Sherlock’s hand was warm and steady and John had a brief and wild fantasy of pulling Sherlock closer to him. But he didn’t. Instead, John opened the door for Sherlock and Sherlock walked out. John shut the door with a definitive thud, and felt as though he were shutting the door on an entire future.
They go slow with each other.  Sherlock arches under John’s hands, under his mouth.  John revels in the small noises Sherlock makes until he comes with John’s name in his mouth.  Sherlock moves down John’s body carefully and John fists Sherlock’s curls, then finally is able to catch his breath.
“What happened?” John asks, moving his eyes over to Sherlock’s face.
John took a few moments to respond.  Then, slowly, he nodded.
“So you think you know how Moriarty got all of his information about you?”
_________
“Yes and no.  Not differently in the way you think.”
John even skips his shift at the clinic calling in sick. He sits and waits in the flat. He reads and does the newspaper’s crosswords. He cleans the flat, knowing that the tub had gotten a little out of control over the past month. He stays up until midnight and Sherlock never comes up the stairs. Twice he thinks he hears footsteps, but it’s his hopeful imagination at work. After midnight, once the date is no longer the anniversary, John realizes Sherlock isn’t going to come home. Or if he had planned on it, that plan was no longer in action. John pours himself a whiskey and sits down in his chair. He opens his blog and after four fingers of whiskey starts typing. He hasn’t typed up anything for the blog since Sherlock went away.
“No. It was horrible. I hated every moment of it. She just flew in. I had no idea. She’s obviously not actually my girlfriend. It was a mutually beneficial arrangement. She was with me so that she could get famous and I was with her because she had information about a previous case. We knew we were using each other. It was fine. In fact she knows I’m gay. But sometimes she likes to put on a show if she thinks we’re being watched. She didn’t know who you were.”
“That is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“Yes it is,” John said from the stairs. Phillip promptly opened the bathroom door again.
“How are you?” Sherlock asked. The fact that Sherlock of all people was attempting small talk made John know that this visit wasn’t an ordinary one.
John turned to look Sherlock in the eye, and the detective’s face was so serious John grew worried.
“You were wrong.  You have never been more wrong.  I don’t want you to be her.  I want you to be you.  How can you not know?” John asks, his expression begging to be understood.
“Sherlock, stay out of here for a few days, okay?” Angelo said, his face sympathetic but firm. Sherlock nodded his agreement, but was also smiling like a loon.
John recoiled, then mumbled his apologies again, his horror mounting. He tried to hand Sherlock the napkin, but he was ignored in lieu of the damp shirt.
a lot. But nothing’s hit. I’ve always wondered what it would feel like.”
“You know I wouldn’t.  I think about it but I already know I won’t, I’m too much of a coward.  Unlike you,” John replies.  He doesn’t know why he replies.  It’s not there.  He’s talking to the breathing walls, the untouched microscope slides, the pages of ink on many shelves, notes from old cases stuffed inside at random.
“Hello,” Sherlock said, and he smiled at John. John had no idea what his face was doing, but he assumed he was smiling like a loon.
“And you didn’t even tell me.”
“But, I mean.  Look at you,” John says.  He looks genuinely confused as he crosses his arms across his chest.
“I knew I had to die so that nobody else would.  So Mycroft and I planned it.  I went to Japan first.  I was there for three days,” Sherlock says.  He pauses, then looks up from his hands.  “I missed you,” Sherlock whispers.  He looks down again.
“Why have you been standing out in the cold?”
Dinner went as well as it could have. Harry talked too much and when she pulled out her cigarettes Sherlock’s eyes lit up. Harry lit one for him and John was fairly certain it was the happiest moment of her life. Sherlock had a total of three glasses of wine and his cheeks were flushed red which was utterly adorable. Greg and Molly smiled at each other the entire dinner. John wondered how it had possibly taken them so long to get together.
"As I had said, I'd never actually go through with all that," Sherlock says, voice dry.  John knows what he's getting at.  He knows he'll answer all those questions soon enough.
Everyone turned to Harry and she laughed hard, nodding. “I am an alcoholic lesbian whose wife left her and is currently unemployed. Hand that slice over!”
“Yes,” Sherlock says.  He means it so deeply.  His heart is pounding and he’s fairly certain he has a dopey look on his face.
“Okay.  Goodnight,” John says, standing to go.
“Well,” Sherlock said, taking a deep breath. “I’m a recovering cocaine addict. I used to live on the streets because of it. I’m so single that I haven’t dated anyone since university. I absolutely loathe getting recognized on the street as it puts a real damper on many aspects of my career. For the last year every news outlet has been trying to know every aspect of my personal life and has been making up stories about who I am, almost all of which are false. I currently am fearful that an absolute maniac is going to do something terrible at any moment and I’m the only one who can stop him. So yes John, I do believe I deserve that slice of cake. So if you wouldn’t mind?” Sherlock held out a hand for the plate and John scoffed, shaking his head.
second, hahaha i'm so bad with the angst i'm sorry.
he’d said, and John couldn’t deny Sherlock anything. It’s surprising though, and lucky, that Mrs. Hudson hasn’t come up yet.
“I think it’s best if you don’t mention what just happened to your flatmate,” Sherlock said.
__________
He wonders a lot about what John did while he was away.  Besides falling in love, obviously.  That much was obvious.
"I was going to tell you. On the tarmac. But I decided not to at the last second. Just in case."
“Have you eaten at all today?” John asks from the sofa, closing his laptop.
In the morning, he would have thought it was all a dream if he hadn’t seen the folder waiting for him on the night stand.
__________
“You spoke to Mycroft?” Sherlock said, and pulled John away from the security guard and away from the doors.
It is the dead of night.  Around the time of night when John used to wake up screaming and then hear soft violin coming from the floor below.
John’s embarrassed somehow.
“For God’s sake, what is it?” Sherlock demands.  Ever impatient.  John smiles fondly.  It may be the last time he gets to.
“The answer is never.”
“Oh, sorry,” she says softly, and then gets a look that Sherlock’s seen before, from Molly.  “Let me buy you a drink.”
“Of course. That’s quite a history.”
No.  Not again.
“You’re shaking,” Sherlock says.  He takes the wool blanket off the back of the lounging chair, the one that Mary had picked out, and throws it over John.
Sherlock will be home later and he will unbutton his blazer and hang it up and sit down across from John and every moment he isn’t kissing him will feel like a lie.
It’s funny, because he’d do it again.  Over and over.
“I don’t know.  Maybe.”
Sherlock winks, and can’t believe he’s done it.  Then he leaves the room and then he nearly trips over himself heading toward the elevator.  Once the elevator doors close he lets out a shaky breath.  Sherlock is annoying himself.  The stumbling, the shaky breath, the sigh he lets out.  It’s all so…plebian.  Pathetic.  He hasn’t felt this way in ages.  Somewhere his brain brings Victor Trevor out from its deepest depths.  That was university, that was a decade ago of nervous kissing and wandering hands, a time so long ago he almost forgot, or chose to forget.  And he’s met this man three minutes ago.
Sherlock shrugged at the answer and sipped his wine, seeming content.
“Do you have a press pass?”
__________
He felt trapped, he felt smothered, he felt confused, and he had no right to be with anyone. So he ended it. There was no explaining it to Amelia that was the worst of it. He couldn’t explain it because that would make it worse.
John begins to worry. It’s been nine months and he still has no idea when Sherlock is coming back. He doesn’t even know that Sherlock feels for him what he feels. Before Sherlock left, John had given up on dating. But that was when Sherlock was around. Now, with Sherlock gone, it sort of feels silly.
Sherlock would like to know what John sounds like when he screams so loud and long that he cannot speak afterwards.
Of all the times John imagined, fantasized, dreamt, of Sherlock coming back into his life, all he had ever thought he would do is kiss him.  Kiss him until all of his breath was gone and then he would hold him, and whisper to him, sweet, insipid words.  It should have been like coming home and it just hurt.
“I know it’s fine.”
“Okay” John said, and lifted himself from his chair, pushing the back door open.
After only twenty minutes, he’d feel the scotch start to kick in, everything sort of getting fuzzy after that.  It was a blessing, this.  He’d never sleep if it wasn’t for the scotch.  The oldest medicine, really.
The ride seems to move at a glacial pace.  They end up in the country side and trees brush past his view.  When he can stand the silence no longer, he speaks.
“Like I said, I assumed this would all be over. But I’m glad you’re here.”
“NO, YOU’RE MORIARTY, YOU WERE GOING TO BLOW ME UP.”
“Yes, you’re home,” Sherlock says quietly, his eyes still shut.
at times.  And he knows he’s been stuck in his own head completely for the last three days.  Sometimes that’s the only place there really is.  He’d needed blessed silence for a short vacation.  Something like that.   A way to tidy out everything in his head.  Delete some remainders, things unneeded.  And yes, of course, he can recognize just why his silence can be worrisome.  But it’s been almost a year now, Mycroft really should give him some credit.  He even went to a couple of the meetings, for God’s sake.
Despite the slip of paper, Baker Street still feels empty. It feels like it can’t be true. John thinks about showing the note to Mycroft, but then he thinks about what
"Sherlock, I'm sorry."
loopy scrawl, there’s no doubt about it. At first John thinks it must be a mistake. Something
John is trying to be cautious, worried.  He doesn’t want to offend Sherlock.  Sherlock tries not to have his hopes dashed immediately.  It was stupid to have had these types of hopes in the first place.
“No, I don’t. I don’t have a book shoved down my trousers.” The man spoke quickly, his eyes bugging out of his head. John smirked at him, nodding as the man eyed him up.
John ties his robe tighter, breathes deeply and makes his way to the kitchen to put the kettle on.  Sherlock sits at his microscope, his phone somewhere off to the side, dinging.
John had said “I’ll bring my things over round noon on Friday” and here it is, noon on Friday, and Sherlock’s hands are shaking.  His mouth is dry and he can’t help that his heart is racing in such a sickly fashion.
“I should be getting to bed,” John says, though it isn’t very late.  Sherlock doesn’t mention it, only nods and watches John walk away up the stairs.
“You saw Mycroft Holmes on the street and he just gave you his phone number?”
“Sorry I just figured.  You were, dunno,..” John trails off and licks his lips.
“Oh, thank you,” Sherlock says.
__________
“No. I’m glad you came here.”
“I’m glad.”
“She’s DYING.  YOU MACHINE!” John yells.  He leaves, lets Sherlock
John thinks of all the times that Sherlock played him lullabies when he was having nightmares. It seems like nothing.
“A six?”
“Obviously not, I got shot.”
As if John could forget.
then tacks it to the wall where his current case is spread out.  John has no idea what it means.  He doesn’t ask either.
Sherlock picks at his food, and they both only half watch the game show that’s playing, Sherlock only making a few off hand comments.
Whenever he opens the door to this room, John will turn and look over his shoulder, mouth neutral, but with his right eyebrow cocked, as if he doesn’t know who is entering.  His hands are always clasped behind his back. Then, he turns the whole way around and sees Sherlock, and smiles gently, no teeth, just a thin line.  The room is white, and bright, and completely cleansed of anything but John.  This room is perfect.  Sometimes (being a total of three times (twice while he was away destroying Moriarty’s network, the third the night of John’s marriage), when Sherlock is alone and feeling particularly horrible because of it, he will arrange the night sky above them, and they will lay underneath it.  Nothing else has ever entered this room.  John is always wearing his maroon cardigan with the plaid underneath (he looks most handsome in this).
“Alright.  Are you okay John?  Really?”
Sherlock never expected to love so fully.  Then again, it makes perfect sense.
He turns on the television at six o’clock and tries to concentrate on what he is watching.  On his fourth drink, he’s already properly drunk.  The show he’s watching is absolute rubbish.
“Why are you so keen not to?”
John’s heart was hammering in his chest. He felt as though this was a dream, surely he was having some sort of vivid hallucination. But then he recalled the day before. Sherlock hadn’t even wanted him there yesterday. What had changed in twenty four hours? John felt confused beyond belief, and he was hurt too, if he was honest.
“SHERLOCK!”
“Okay John, this is me, remedying my mistake,” Phillip said from the back, then climbed over Harry’s lap and out of the car. He walked directly into London traffic, and began directing cars. John started to laugh, not really believing that Phillip was in the middle of the road, nearly getting hit every ten seconds because he was trying to help John. Phillip put a halt to traffic, then gestured for Greg to hit the gas. Greg didn’t waste a second and took off. John stuck his head out the window, and waved out to his flatmate.
“We’ll be handcuffed together again,” Sherlock says.
He realizes he’s at a rather ridiculous angle.
They made their way into the flat and Molly greeted them. “The sauce is proving a bit complicated.”
to move on. That’s the real problem.  And Sherlock keeps saying
“Good night, John,” Sherlock replies.
Sherlock is shaking terribly, and he can’t seem to stop.  He wishes he could, that he could seem a little normal.
The look on John’s face is magnificent.  He’s trying to hold in a huge smile and so Sherlock stops trying.  He lets out a small laugh and then beams at John.  He can’t help it.  Sherlock can feel himself blushing.  It’s all horrible and fantastic at once.  He thinks he should possibly be embarrassed but can’t bring himself to feel embarrassed at all.
“Didn’t matter.”
Sherlock leaned back into his chair, letting his arms fall over the sides, categorizing the memory of John’s tongue tracing his bottom lip, his mouth burning holes in his throat, just to make sure that he would never forget exactly how John tasted.
“You’re fine, you’re right here.”
In one universe, John calls out to Sherlock.
So John goes with Sherlock easily to try to break into Magnussen’s place of work.
“What do you mean?”
“No, no, I’ll just get Mycroft to send me a car,” Sherlock said under his breath. Sherlock pulled his cell phone out of his coat pocket and then swore under his breath. “Dead phone.”
They had gone inside together, and John had sat back down into his chair when his mother had looked at him sternly and said “Go to your room, John.”
Finally, he goes to Sherlock’s bedroom. It’s hard to be in here. It smells like Sherlock. John goes to fling open Sherlock’s dresser drawer but then stops, suddenly hesitant. It feels too personal. But he forges ahead. He needs to. Seeing Sherlock again depends on it. He opens the drawers. Sherlock’s sock index stares back at John. John pushes the socks away and finds nothing. The next drawer is starch white t-shirts and things he used to wear to bed. The third drawer is more of the same but there’s no notes. No secret messages. Of course.
“What game?”
John discovered during their first week together that Sherlock loved for his neck to be kissed.  John does this now, and Sherlock bucks into him, a small whine coming out of his mouth.
“You won’t even look at me.  You won’t look me in the eye.  If I get too close to you, you pull away.  I understand how you must hate me.  Everything terrible that has happened to you has happened because of me.  And I know how sad you are.  From the first night you got back. But I just wish that you could at least look at me,” Sherlock says.  He is pulling up clumps of grass with his bare hands.  They are cold against the dew but it’s fine.  If he doesn’t pull up the earth with his hands clenched into fists then he will cry, and he absolutely can’t do that.  During his time away he learned that the people of India pour water out onto the ground to stop their tears, if they are close to bursting.  He has no extra water, no extra energy with him now.  He almost hopes it will rain.
“No really it’s okay, I’m sorry,” Evan said.
Sherlock leaves to go outside with Mycroft for what John is sure is a cigarette and he knows he has to go to Mary.
“Okay Harry, perhaps we--” John began but Sherlock cut him off.
“No, it couldn’t have.”
John smiled and looked down.
He thinks of John, alone in 221B.  The flat quiet.  Perhaps John is running his fingers along the spine of a book, turning a page.  A mystery novel.  Is it possible that John would be thinking of Sherlock at all?  This image hurts.  It’s been eight months.
They were almost completely back to where they were before everything had gone to hell.
“You’ve loved me forever, haven’t you?” John asks.  His voice seems raw and there is a confused pressure inside of it.
John said his goodbyes to Molly and Greg and walked home in the morning trying not to feel too sorry for himself. He got home and showered, shaved, and prepared to open the shop. He was about to head out when his doorbell rang.
“Okay, let me just get dressed.  I’ll tell Mary.  I’ll be right over.”
“I get to hear about all the gory details.”
“No, you’re being ridiculous, I’ve stitched up far worse.”
“What is it?” John asks.
“Right. Okay. I’ll go out,” John said, standing up from the desk. He shook his head as he walked to the front, thinking he was going to make Mrs. Hudson go on a biscuit run shortly.
“Oh my God,” John whispered against Sherlock’s throat.  John backed away for a moment, then he shoved Sherlock backwards in the direction of his bedroom.  They watched each other for a moment.
“I know,” John replies.  “I know.”
Feeling very pleased with himself, John writes ‘Sherlock Holmes’ on the piece of paper and presses his fingers against Sherlock’s forehead.  It’s smooth and warm, and John fights not to let his fingers slide down to Sherlock’s cheek.  Sherlock writes something on his own paper with his tongue sticking out just slightly, then sticks the paper onto John’s head.
“Happy Anniversary John.”
“Sherlock, I’m fine,” John says.  He makes sure his voice is steady and firm.  “It looks worse than it is.
John is crying.  It is not loud but it is not quiet either.  Sherlock can tell from the sound that John’s body is wracking with sobs.
Everything becomes clearer and one hundred times worse all at once.
“It’s fine, I can just reset it myself I’ve reset it half a dozen times--”
“How were we both so stupid?” John whispers to the sleeping figure next to him.
“Right.  Well, and of course…enlisting.  A bit of a hero complex on you?”
“Right,” said the man. “What about Tolkien?”
“I found the charger on the way to the bathroom. A car will be here in a few minutes.”
“I gave you my bed, your leg hurt,” Sherlock replied.
It’s almost always in large crowds. Sometimes John will see the sweep of a long coat or a head of dark curls and think it’s him. Just for a moment. It’s always quick and John knows it’s nonsense but his heart speeds up every time. His mind is playing tricks on him, he knows, but it’s painful all the same.
“It says Dear Arthur, you belong in jail.”
John sighed as Phillip walked away. Only a few moments later John heard footsteps once again and John groaned into his pillow.
“Yes I can and I fucking will.  Sit down.”
John had only ever needed one word, and he never would have strayed in the first place.
first of all, sorry, unedited yet again because i'm trash but it will be!!
“Okay, am I a human?”
“Sher--” John begins, but Sherlock cuts him off.
“I miss him.”
“Why did you think I was with someone?” John asks, genuinely curious, half afraid of her answer.
“No?” Sherlock replies, eyebrows raised.
“Hold on a sec, I don’t know where we’re meeting, I don’t know a thing about you, I don’t even know your name.”  Sherlock feels a smirk fall over his face.
Their day had been filled with tea, lunch eaten with all the windows open.  A thousand tiny kisses, noses rubbing together awkwardly yet wonderfully.  That had been during the waking hours.
“It’s fine, I had my sister help me.”
“I know,” Mary repeats.  John smiles at her, of course she already knew his name.
“What happens next in the dream?” Sherlock was completely composed, his eyes impossibly bright and beautiful, his hair messy and perfect with the infiltrating sunlight.
"Once, for about twelve hours."
“I’m just…I’m just sorry,” Sherlock says, and walks farther down the corridor.
He stays as long as he has to.
“You know, I haven’t decided,” he replied, pointedly not looking at John.
“Sherlock darling, c’mere,” Janine said, and put her arms around Sherlock’s neck. She then kissed him hard and hummed into the kiss. John held the dirty plates in his hands, unable to feel anything but a dark embarrassment. Then she asked, “Sherlock what are you going to order?”
“We’re going to dinner,” John says.  It will get them into proper air conditioning if nothing else.
“Absolutely not,” Mary replies.  John moves his mouth down a bit, toward her neck, and Mary inhales sharply.
John tries to imagine Sherlock’s rage, Sherlock’s discomfort, Sherlock’s rejection, by far the worst: Sherlock’s pity.
“That’s a pretty okay garden,” John said as he caught his breath, then kissed Sherlock again.
He watches him from across the police tape.  When their eyes finally lock, John can’t help but smirk a little.
“It’s too soon.  I know it is.  It’s fine, forget it,” Sherlock says, and he realizes his hands are shaking.
“Pity?  Is that what you think this is?  Are you not listening to a God damn word that I’ve said?  I’m in love with you, you bastard.  I love you more than I have loved anything else in my entire life.”
When the plane takes off, Sherlock gives himself a full minute to fully sob.  He presses his palms into his eyelids and thinks of a quick death by firing squad.
“You’ll have to prove it,” John said. “After all, this is a very delicious slice of cake. You’ll have to fight me for it.”
In those words.
Sherlock is currently hiding out in Kazimar and it feels wrong to be making this kind of arrest in a holy place.
“Oh lovely, it’s you, you absolute git. Do you want some wine?”
Sherlock nodded and held out a hand. Molly took it and immediately turned beet red.
“Do you really?” She asks with a giggle.
A muscle in Sherlock’s cheek twitches, and then a smile blooms across his face.
“What?!” She growled.
The next day, John opened the shop like usual. During his lunch hour he began cooking the books, and tried not to stress too terribly that the shop was definitely down for the month of April.
__________
“Do be aware that Sherlock has had this criminal on his radar since he was a child,” Mycroft said from the corner of the room. He was sorting through papers. John wanted him to leave immensely.
“Because you’re fantastic and I didn’t want you to run away.”
It’s as if John senses his eyes suddenly.  He looks up, and a look half dazed half amused circles his face.
How can John not know?
“He was a friend. We are still friends, I hope.”
“There you are, one arm at a time,” John says.  Sherlock feels a bit like a rag doll but John’s hands are warm and gentle so he doesn’t mind much.  “I can’t believe how hard he got you.  I’m glad I at least got him back.  Pretty sure I may have fractured his jaw.”  John smiles at this thought and Sherlock hums.
“I was starting to get worried,” Mary says.  She leans into his touch.
.  I don’t think he’ll be very happy to see you here…with all that Semtex….”
“Yes.”
“Let’s go,” she says softly. John pulls a few bills out of his pocket and gets off the bar stool. They cross the street to her flat, narrowly missing a cab. John pulls her out of the way just in time. She puts a hand on his bad shoulder and giggles again.
"I've always understood it to be that sex is a normal part of most relationships and I
“Me too.”
Sherlock is kissing him, and it has happened so quickly that John doesn’t even get a chance to react before Sherlock pulls away, looking frightened.
“It does matter.  It matters very much.”
Sherlock used to play for John all the time. He used to attempt to keep the nightmares away.  But he can’t do it now, he is too afraid that he will pick up the violin and he will begin to wail and collapse as soon as he does: reminded too quickly that he has always been unwanted.  He fears that if he picks up the violin to play for John he will crumble, and the façade he has worked so hard to keep up will be over: he will be forced to admit.  And John can’t know Sherlock loves him in this way.  In the way that most of the time feels as if nothing good could come from it.  In the way that Sherlock would rather cut himself into pieces than watch John suffer.  And John is still suffering.  The truth of John’s wife and child is still etched into every line of his face, in every silence, in every moment John will not look Sherlock in the eye.  The problem being that Sherlock is afraid it will never stop.
“No.”
“He never falls, what happened?” His father asked.
“Well let’s see you do it!” Sherlock says, and is smiling the entire time.
“Yes, so?”
John has to pull him out of the cab and pay the fare, it isn’t the first time and he’s sure it won’t be the last time.
“Fine, then I’ll tell him.”
Just down the street from his little flat in London, John Watson owned a small but very endearing shop where he sold mystery novels. He loved mysteries best, and in fact had tried his hand at writing some of his own stories, though they hadn’t proven to be fruitful as of yet. He lived with a very erratic and strange little man named Phillip Anderson who was always going on about conspiracy theories and was so paranoid John wondered if he should perhaps try to find help for him at times. John had a sister who was recently divorced and recently out of AA. He had a friend named Molly who worked in a morgue and who was married to one Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade of Scotland Yard, and they both provided wonderfully gritty details for John’s stories.
Sherlock follows John inside. When they get into 221B John hangs his scarf up, forgetting what he was even leaving the house for. Sherlock stands in the doorway of the flat, looking hesitant to come in. Like he’s out of place walking into his own home. John raises his eyebrows and Sherlock finally walks through the doorway.
“No, I suppose not.”
After about an hour of John having his ear talked off the blond woman showed up at his side again and led him down a different hallway. “He wants to speak with you again,” she said, and John assumed he had misheard her until he was once again alone in a room with Sherlock Holmes.
The mediator went to speak but Sherlock tapped him on the shoulder and shook his head. Instead, Sherlock spoke with his hands neatly folded in front of him.
But nothing else happens.
Sherlock felt warm.  He felt his face burn with a blush he loathed.
Finally, Sherlock’s eyes catch John’s and they watch each other for a few tentative moments.  John’s eyes are blue as ever, and they look dark in the dimly lit room.  They look dark and suddenly so impossibly sad.  Sherlock can’t bring himself to look away but John breaks their contact.
There is a day in August where London becomes unbearably hot. Sherlock lounges in his pajamas all day, alternating between complaining of boredom and complaining because of the heat.  When it becomes unbearable John tells him to get dressed.
“What?” Sherlock asks, doing up the rest of the buttons.
“Shit,” John mumbles, and then picks up the shopping and goes inside. He shoves the postcard in the back of his top dresser drawer, along with the two other notes. He isn’t crazy, Sherlock is out there somewhere, and he cares enough to send messages.
“Why don’t you go shoot up about it mate!”
“Maybe.”
It’s Sherlock, wearing an old hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants.  He needs to shave, and there’s dirt smeared across his face.
“She doesn’t need to know, John. This isn’t about her…” Evan trailed off. John knew somehow that he was right, but also knew it would feel all wrong.
He felt outside of his body.  Watching himself have one realization after another. One idea after the other.
__________
“No. I didn’t even think he was the sort to want a girlfriend!” A jealous rage came over John at the memory of Janine kissing Sherlock in front of him and he wanted to bend his fork in half. “Did you all know?” he demanded then, looking around the table. No one would look him in the eye, and Harry bit her lower lip. “Christ,” John said, putting his head in his hands. “My life is in shambles because I wasn’t caught up with the Daily Mail.”
Sherlock looks at him, then away quickly.  John is afraid to meet his gaze as well.  It feels like so much.  His heart is pounding and there shouldn’t be any reason for it.
Sherlock continues his blank staring for a few more seconds, then finally gets himself in order.
“You can tell him…I’m fine. You can tell him…” John trails off, then clears his throat and tries again. “Where the hell is he?” John hisses.
“This was different.”
“Sorry, I don’t have mine on me.”
“Los Angeles, last I spoke to him.” Mycroft crosses his legs. “You seem angry.”
“We need to get you to an A&E,” John says as they stumble into Baker Street.
John puts his head in his hands, pulling at his hair.  He isn’t sure how hard he’s pulling, he can’t feel anything anyway.
John ran down the stairs and back into the flat. He dialed the Ritz on his mobile and bit at nails, nerves taking over. He tried to rationalize: he’d dated plenty of men and women throughout his life. Many very beautiful, very smart, and very kind people. John tried not to be intimidated to no avail.
Sherlock slips his shoes off and climbs the stairs as quietly as he can, he doesn’t want to wake John.
The nurse tells them a story, though John can’t be entirely sure what of as he’s half asleep, possibly snoring even.  He wishes he cared.  Sherlock’s arm is around him at one point, of that he’s certain because it’s all he can concentrate on.
As much as John would love to go back to sleep, to possibly not wake up, he knows sleep now would be impossible.  It’s been hard enough getting to sleep each night; that’s how the drinking started.  And God, if he hadn’t gone straight to the hard shit.  Beer took much too long.
John does his best nonchalant face and shrugs.
They finally make it into the kitchen. John makes coffee while Sherlock watches, still in his wrinkled button up from the day before. He looks rough, rough like John feels. They bicker a little about how much milk to put into the coffee and as Sherlock is about to make another overly-dramatic point Mrs. Hudson walks in with a tea tray in her hands. She sees Sherlock and immediately drops the entire thing onto the wood floor. John sighs and Sherlock bites his bottom lip as he cringes.
He leaves, and John is left standing in the street, confused as ever, wanting just to touch him.
“No one could fake being such an annoying dick all the time.”
It is a new violin bow, and it had seemed a fairly innocent gift when picking it out, but now it felt too intimate, giving Sherlock something he would use so often, and so delicately.
“Gee, wonder why?”
“Alright. Yeah. Okay,” he whispers to himself. John swallows hard. His mouth is dry.
“Yes, in fact I did. Recall how you didn’t realize Sherlock Holmes was in your home a few days ago? Yeah, well now I need my wallet because I’m somehow going on a second date with him and as you can imagine, I would love it if it went really well.”
“It’s fine.  I know you didn’t mean it.”
“She’ll be fine.  Besides, how else did you think I was going to get this?” Sherlock asks, gesturing to the laptop.  John throws his hands up and follows Sherlock, as always.
After removing the bandage, John inspects.  This feels strangely intimate, and invasive somehow.  But he knows Sherlock won’t have anyone else do it and he’s still too sore to do it himself.  It’s only been a week.
This time when Sherlock woke to John lying next to him, he was not the first one up.  Sherlock opened his eyes to see John watching him as he slept.  John smiled at him.
“It is self-explanatory though yes?”
“I’ve been waiting for you Mr. Holmes.  I wondered who had been taking out all my men.  Now I suppose I will have to take one of yours.”
When they reached the Savoy John jumped out of the vehicle and made his way to the front desk.
He hadn’t already forgotten, not in the least.  It had all just felt like a dream.
“I’m so damn close,” Sherlock is muttering under his breath.
"It was...maybe four months after I had left.  You were getting on the train."
“What can I get you? Tea? A hot bath?”
John looks around the room until he finds scrap paper and a pen.
“Sherlock?” John asks, his head tilting to one side.
“Sure, says the man who consumed nothing but chocolate croissants and caffeine last Wednesday.”
“I was. Now I’m not.”
They look at each other seriously after they have composed themselves, realizing what they have revealed.
“Happy Christmas,” John says, holding out the bow.  He feels only slightly self-conscious.
“Sherlock,” John says loudly, firmly.
John has a fleeting moment of wondering what that coat would feel like against his own bare skin, and then kneels down next to Sherlock to check his pulse.  Sherlock is passed out, but his breathing is normal.  John gets him home with the help of Lestrade.
John goes to Mycroft.  It seems the only thing to do, given the situation.  He needs help. They both do, and if Sherlock won’t go to his brother then John will.  And the other, more itching problem: Mycroft knows how this happened.
“Say something,” John says, and his voice is so quiet it breaks Sherlock’s heart for the hundredth time.
It’s just Sherlock.
“Of course not. No.”
__________
“No, you think?” John says. He drums his fingers against his thigh. “He made me watch him die and then he runs off on some adventure without me. Utter bastard.”
“Sleep in my bed, that way you won’t have to take the stairs,” Sherlock replied.
John finished breakfast and pulled his jacket on. The shop opened at nine every morning and closed at seven every evening. He ran the shop with the landlord of the property, Mrs. Hudson. She was a very sweet older woman who often treated John like a son. He was very lucky to have found her. The real problem was that the shop hardly made any money. John didn’t know how sustainable the shop really was, but he would deal with that when he had to. For now, John took everything just one day at a time.
“Well, you are a complete smart arse but lucky for us I find it endearing.  For the record, I was sort of hoping this wasn’t just friendly anyway.”
There’s a note.
“Yes, I suppose I did,” Sherlock says, staring at the screen.
“I’m fine.  I just had to get over the initial shock.  It’s been a lot.”
“What, too posh to do a shot?” John teases.  Sherlock snorts at the comment.  Of course he’s not too posh for shots.  He’s been high in alleys before, sitting on the ground near skips.  Of course, he doesn’t tell John that.
Now there is nothing but anticipation.  Now they know each other's truths and want nothing but to know it
way. Turns out that’s the wrong train of thought. Thinking about Sherlock in that way makes John cough into his fist and adjust himself on his barstool.
“I would have done anything for you.  I would have followed you anywhere.  I would have gone with you and taken care of you the entire time.  I wasn’t exaggerating when I said one word was all I would have needed.  I would have waited for you.”
“Good, because I love you too.”
“What the hell happened?”
“Oh…” Susie trailed off. She then very suddenly picked herself up off of John, scrambled onto her feet, and swiftly turned away from him, walking quickly towards the swings, hands balled into fists at her sides. John felt his face go warm, and he laid his head back down on the grass, eyes closed, thinking about brown for the several more hours.
“No one knows what happened just yet,” John said, trying to stay calm.
“Alright,” John says.  At least he knows now he isn’t barking up the wrong tree entirely.  “Do you have a boyfriend then?” He continues.  “Which is fine.”
“Ah. Thank you. I was just doing my job. But thank you.”
The blond woman comes back and bumps into Sherlock again.  He’s got less self-control.
“Now,” John said, trying to regain his dignity, “What is so special about this garden that all of that was worth it?”
“What are you saying, she’s still working for Moriarty?  He’s dead for Christ sake.”
“Me too,” he says quietly across the table.  He can feel the choke in his throat trying to come out but he won’t let it.  He isn’t sure that would be correct.
“I’m not sure,” John says.  He’s wary of himself, not willing to mess this up.  If he still feels so damn sad, how can he move on?
“Yes,” Sherlock said, and he smiled at John, though that seemed like the last thing he wanted to do. “Of course. I’ll just leave now. It was so nice to see you John.”
Sherlock takes another drag off the cigarette, then puts it out.
“You aren’t exactly trying to get better,” Pretend Sherlock says.  “Look at you.  You’re a drunk!” Sherlock yells.
Sherlock can’t help how worried he is.  It’s been a month and John still won’t look him in the eye for longer than five seconds.  John is still going to bed earlier unless there’s a case, which Sherlock has been desperately trying to round up, bugging Lestrade constantly.  And they certainly don’t discuss Mary, though that part Sherlock supposes isn’t a surprise.  John still looks sad all the time.  He’ll get lost reading the paper or typing up a case.  It’s painful to watch because Sherlock has felt it too.  It feels hopeless, trying to get John to just stop being sad and Sherlock knows first-hand that that isn’t how it works.  No one just stops being sad.  It takes time.  It hurts but then it gets easier, over time.  Sherlock keeps thinking it will all just take time but he feels like he’s been waiting forever.  It’s frustrating and seems like nothing all at once because for John, Sherlock would wait forever.
