“Yes. They will protect you and your skills would be most welcome amongst their ranks.” He watched her as she nodded.
Frozen there in their grief all they could do was watch as the sun washed over John’s body. Slowly the blood turned black and John and Moriarty’s bodies turned to ash. Eventually, George had to practically carry Sherlock away from the scene, while Gregory directed Mycroft. They sat in a heavy silence in the main room of their floor in the hotel, Sherlock muttering to himself and tugging at his hair as he did. Mycroft trying to look stone-faced and be strong for his Coven, and Gregory trying to keep an eye on both of them. George and Anthea stood to one side of the room, consumed by their grief and yet, as always, ready to help their family if need be. Time ticked away slowly and at noon they were all startled out of their thoughts by a loud knock on the door.
"Moriarty's plan - it's being controlled by someone who would not waver from his instructions no matter what. Someone who was inspired to loyalty by him, a loyalty like yours except that it was likely built off lies and falsehoods. The cat with the spiders web."
"M-Mycroft..." Sherlock whined, panting for breath. Mycroft smirked and moved behind Sherlock, pushing his fingers in deeper. "Oh my dear God, brother what are you doing? " He panted incredulously, gasping as Mycroft stroked that bundle of nerves.
"Well it's... Been awhile since I had the luxury." John's voice was almost a whisper. Revealing how Sherlock unmade him against his own will. He blushed, shyly looking back into those eyes, so like the sea the morning after a storm. He knew that Sherlock was watching him, taking in every movement, word, and motion like he was drawing in his breath. He blushed more deeply, the intensity of focus on Sherlock's face making him feel as if he was already undressed and at his personal disposal.
“No John…” Sherlock’s voice broke and he turned to his brother to solve the problem. Mycroft’s eyes were dark with fear and he turned away from his brother.
"You… Oh… Right, I forgot." John whispered with confusion. He had forgotten about that part of the plan. He tried to say something else but Sherlock gently placed his finger over John's lips.
"On the couch in one of his brooding positions. He looked to have been there for some time. He responds to no one. I am afraid John is lost in between, he seems to have tried to mind link with Sherlock." She forced out in a breathless voice.
“We will find him. I swear it to you. Please John, let me heal you.” He pleaded, clinging to John. John went limp, utterly exhausted and broken, tears falling faster and faster as his hand fell open and revealed Sherlock’s ring. Mycroft gently took it and tenderly held it as he watched John sink back into the darkness of his exhaustion. “Rest now love.” He whispered sinking down and vowing not to leave John’s side. “He is going to England and I will not rest until he is back in our arms.” He promised in a soft whisper.
"Why should I allow that?" He accented each word, looking over his brother with interest. "You have never wanted a pet."
"Oh, John!" Lestrade said suddenly, turning to look at him. "How are you feeling?" He moved into the kitchen. Sherlock dropped into John's chair, throwing his legs over the arms and continuing to flick through his book, continuing to appear busy.
“Well at least we know he pays attention.” Sherlock smiled and sat down next to Hamish, gently rubbing his back.
The morning of the wedding came and with John still refusing to attend, Mycroft was forced to leave his grief stricken mender at home and attend the ceremony with a pretend sentiment in his heart. While Mycroft and Gregory were pretending to be happy for Sherlock and attempting to find an opening to get him away from James, John quietly packed a bag and left the coven house leaving behind only a simple note.
Sherlock's entire body went rigid and Mycroft's attention snapped to him in just that moment, but he took off out the door. Mycroft excused himself and was right behind his brother. They immediately began to jog towards the house, slipping slightly in the still slick grass as they did. Sherlock's eyes could see that the door to the house was kicked in and as soon as he saw it panic bloomed in his stomach and his gut instincts told him things were bad, very bad. As if to confirm that deduction his phone rang, it was Greg. Sherlock hit the call button as he broke into a full run.
"Would you like some tea or something to eat Molly?" John asked quietly, coming to kiss Hamish on top of the head as he snuggled into her.
"Yes, my love." Sherlock smiled enjoying John walking through the change aloud. "Your senses are far beyond that of a mortal now. Tonight you will take your final drink from your Sire and when you awaken after that you will be a full fledgling."
"For two days I have tasted, touched, and explored you anew. I am ready now Sherlock. I am ready for more. I want it. I
"Oh... Oh!" Their eyes met. "Sherlock, are you feeling ashamed?" His voice was so gentle. So very accepting but it made Sherlock tense as his defenses flared. He looked angry, rage sweeping through his features as he turned his entire body to face John.
"Thanks, very kind of you. Thank you for coming and airing my entire life in front of two of my closest friends." John retorted, anger clear.
"You are the most utterly confusing and arousing person I have ever known." John laughed quietly but was stopped from his thoughts when Sherlock kissed him. Suddenly John was back against the wall and the two of them were all mouths and heat. The frantic passion lasted for a long time before Sherlock finally broke away from the bruising kisses to catch his breath, his face still close to John's.
“I know not, however I bid you come at once. She is not well and I fear we are losing her to the darkness.” She pleaded, she was worn and there was blood on her apron.
"You realize," John said as he felt the envelope in the chest pocket of Sherlock's coat, "That we still have a lot to talk about." His voice was soft, but not timid.
“It is more than that, my beloved.” Mycroft said quietly. “They haunt me, both of them. I feel as if John is so close I could touch him. I have not felt something like this for so long…” He trailed off, staring at the wall.
"I tried to find out how I could get your father to relent Sherlock. I thought perhaps if at least your father would allow contact Georgina and I could arrange something. Your mother wrote to me once, informing me of the immense change that summer had wrought in you begging me to do something to get Marcus to relent but it was for naught. The Order was furious about Marcus' supposed purging and they refused to allow us to have any further contact with the Holmes. Marcus' hateful actions broke a bond that went back ages. It was a shame as your grandfathers were fast friends at University."
"It does, because it helps you when you can't say the words yourself. We'll get Hamish to the dentist tomorrow and then I'll see if Greg or Molly can watch him for a few days. We can take a holiday..."
"You've never wanted this much contact on a case." He replied, almost breathlessly. "I'm not complaining..." He spoke quickly but Sherlock smirked.
"I am quite sure, brother. I would give anything to simply sit near to him and whisper words of encouragement, however he denies me even that small joy. You may rest assured that if John never wanted to claim or be claimed, to hug or receive a kiss, or to even feel the caress of my hand against his cheek again for all of eternity I would bear that burden simply for the sake of cherishing him as he deserves. Elizabeth's cruelty has returned the insecurities and darkness of his childhood, those dark feelings his family inspired in him and no amount of reassurance from my lips benefits him. I would bleed myself dry to simply hold him in my arms again and promise him that he is worthy, special, and wonderful. I feel as if I am dying when I consider he shall never seek that comfort from me again. I cannot bear it. I cannot at all and that is why I must go." His voice was earnest, his eyes dark.
"I'm so glad you're alright." Georgina said softly, hugging them all in turn. "You've done it, you've finally solved this mess and put it to rest." She gently touched John's cheek. "My poor Johnny. The things that man's hate has done to you. James would be so proud of you my lovely nephew. I'll come by to check on you. Please call me if you need anything." John blushed and smiled as she kissed his cheek. She did likewise for Sherlock before sweeping out to the main house. John and Sherlock both moved to sit, Sherlock stretching out on one couch and John settling down on the other.
"Alright Sherlock, I get it. You don't have to be a bloody jerk about it. I'll have Sally look into it." Lestrade turned and strode out of the flat.
"He is in the Gardener's thatch." George said darkly his arms crossed. "Which is where he has stayed every fortnight when he is rejected." George had been with Mycroft, planning the travel preparations for the impending wedding.
"Greg!" Mycroft demanded, following in behind his brother. He moved over and started to check over Greg's wounds.
"I could have however no one ever notices me. I wanted to understand." He urged as his voice betrayed his passion. "I wanted to understand you. You were so weak that day in the market, so different than when I saw you at the balls..." He looked down.
"He's come for you John. He thinks that your history with women makes you easily swayed. He thinks he can save you from your 'wicked nature' and he intends to force you if you don't listen. He will hurt you if you're not careful." Jacob warned.
John turned and surveyed Sherlock's eyes for a long, silent moment. Sherlock was holding his breath, waiting for the answer he hoped John would give. His eyes eager for it. John licked his lips slightly, looking confused and concerned as he searched Sherlock's eyes for the answer to so many unasked questions. The ring box was heavy in John's pocket, a weight of shame and doubt that felt like it was only growing heavier with each passing moment. He reached up, two fingers gently touching Sherlock's cheek - as if once again seeking proof this was real. Sherlock responded in kind, two long fingers gently exploring and stroking John's cheek.
"She was part of his detail for awhile after your… After St. Barts. She volunteered for it, actually." Lestrade said quietly.
Irene had just walked out the door and the two of them were alone in the steadily increasing vacuum of the living room. John could feel how Sherlock's body had tightened, read in his face how utterly helpless he was feeling in the moment, and understood in that instant no matter what they both lost. He'd taken a deep breath to strengthen himself before he finally pried his voice loose of his throat. They were both in complete shock over her sudden arrive and departure.
Moran bit harshly into James neck and drained him to the point the man was hardly able to hold himself upright. Moran scooped the fledgling into his arms as if he were made of air instead of being a solid person. His eyes cold and hard as he carried him from the manor and to his waiting carriage. Sherlock pulled John out of the room, keeping his grip firmly on his husband. He left Mycroft to attend to the Duke and took his mate home so he could properly grieve.
In the end it took both brothers pinning John between their bodies for hours to finally exhausted John enough to see him spent. The effort of which left the three of them utterly exhausted and worn. The two brothers collapsing exhaustedly beside the panting mender before the three succumbed to sleep. It took several days for the trio to recover their strength and once they had John renewed his efforts to research a cure for the herb. While he toiled away in the library the brothers met in secret and created a contingency plan for the next bout of arousal, something that would allow them to fully enjoy the benefits without the excessive exhaustion. John spent days on end in the library pouring through his books (recovered from his parents home) and those of the Holmes' to try and discover an antidote or some cure that would at least pull the herb from his system. So far however his efforts had been limited, succeeding only in limiting the episodes to one a month. Though the fact he was able to make any progress was astounding as he was more often than not pulled from his work to attend to Elizabeth's constant requirement of his presence as he assisted her in the planning of her wedding to James Moriarty.
"John! Stop! I cannot hold back!" Sherlock demanded, trying to get free so he could pound into his husband.
"Mycroft as much as it pains me to say this, you were right. Baker Street is no longer safe for John." He tried to keep his temper from his voice.
. I owe you a grave debt, John. You still seem not to grasp that I would have lost my entire coven, my whole family. Thus far you have refused every method of repayment I have offered. And though I believe all means I have at my disposal are not enough to repay the debt owed to you, I believe I have finally found something you will accept. I have spent many a night wondering what I may offer you, that you may finally accept, and this is the solution. I am quite certain you will accept this offer." He slowly reached into his coat and slipped out a parchment envelope, sealed. He held it out to John, "Give this letter to your clan father, to Lord Mycroft. It is an offer of truce between our clans, guaranteed so long as
Sherlock strode into the living room his body tight with purpose as he moved. His entire attention was focused on John and it took the breath right out of John's lungs. He went red as he realized that Sherlock may have heard the entire conversation he'd just had with Mycroft and fear gripped his heart. Mycroft smiled however and turned his focus on his brother.
“Sherlock!” A woman’s voice called, causing him to stop and turn. An older woman stood outside a small café with a broom, clearly having been sweeping up the small sidewalk where some chairs and tables sat. “Oh, it is you! It is so good to see you!” She exclaimed, just barely stopping herself from hugging him.
"Oh!" Hamish gasped in awe. "You're the Captain!" He made a little salute and the three men giggled. Sherlock jumped up, Hamish tightly held in his arms before he set him down and bent low so his eyes were right in front of Hamish's. Hamish had the little toy sword around his waist and the eye patch on his head.
"It's the other arm. You got shot in the left shoulder in Afghanistan." He put his hand on John's and the effect drew John's attention. "This will heal."
"You're late." She sang at him. "I thought you weren't going to come at all, it was going to be ever so disappointing." She giggled, standing up off of John. John didn't turn to look at Sherlock and Sherlock kept his gaze focused on Kitty. He sneered slightly as he realized John's ring was bloodied and slid over Kitty's right thumb. She twirled the scalpel and giggled again. The woman was completely deranged, her eyes wild and crazy as she approached Sherlock.
"I'll murder him if he comes here, John. He'll never see you again. I'm going to fix this for you. You've always followed the wrong path, letting your soft Uncle influence you. I'm going to make this right, you'll be happier than you ever were with that man."
" John's voice echoed as he appeared next to Sherlock in a long hallway in his mind. Sherlock smiled and looked at John standing beside him, the only other person to ever have access to this portion of him was his brother.
"Is that some sort of promise?" John said quirking an eyebrow. He was amused by what felt like teasing between them. He lay back as if content in some victory he believed he'd gotten.
“I know that, however, we face strong enemies and the path to defeating them may be more difficult than we know. I want you to understand how much I care for you.”
- Irene's voice fluttered through Sherlock's mind. He furrowed his brow as he thought back to the pool.
The group disbanded a short time later and though it was early in the day John summoned a tray of blood wine for their room and ordered everyone away. He smiled as Sherlock tried to deduce what he was planning and pulled his love to him when they were finally alone again.
"The letter?" Sherlock demanded, turning to look at Mycroft with an almost angry expression. Mycroft barely registered a shift in his expression, merely tightening his mouth with displeasure.
it's ten times more powerful than it would have been for anyone else." He raised his glance again, but almost shyly.
" Mycroft's words echoed in Sherlock's mind as he stood and gently came closer. He caressed John's arms, their bond forcing him to relax more into Mycroft's touch.
"James was gay?" Sherlock asked softly, furrowing his brow the way he always did when he was presented with something he'd missed.
They passed the day unpacking lazily before heading out to some restaurant that John would never had stepped foot in before. It was definitely expensive and John blushed at just the thought of Sherlock planning out the dinner ahead of them. The whole event had been a sort of secret, only half a secret because Mycroft and Lestrade had demanded they be let in on what was going to happen and Sherlock knew he needed a place they could trust to meet uninterrupted. He also knew he was expected to take his fiancée someplace special to celebrate their engagement. This dinner would allow him to do both and if he was lucky would let him try to resume some sort of normal life. Once he had forced John into a suit that John was quite sure he hadn't owned just the day before (during which Sherlock had laughed himself silly watching him get dressed) he wrapped John's coat around his shoulders and fixed a scarf around his neck before leading him out the door. A private car took them to the restaurantno doubt the one that Mycroft, who'd spent at least three afternoons discussing their deplorable reliance on cabs while they were away, forced on them. So he'd "given" them a car, which basically meant he and Sherlock had shouted back and forth until John accepted the car but made Mycroft agree to pay for the driver. Honestly, it was beginning to feel like having children with the two of them.
"I figured you would think it was too sentimental." He turned back to survey Sherlock, analyzing everything about him. "It's your thing, I just..." He shrugged.
"I will not! You're being foolish and you do not deserve what that man gives you. Back for two days and you find out
"Yes, do not trouble yourself I have only just arrived." The man's eyes flashed towards Sherlock betraying amusement and something darker. "However I must beg you to come with me, I cannot have my personal attendant hiding in the dark with a man of questionable character."
“And you have come yourself to deliver it.” John purred softly, sitting up and letting his eyes remain on his Sire. “Are you quite certain you had no ulterior motive in coming to us?” His tone was teasing and yet flirting as he drank down a large glass of blood, enjoying how Mycroft’s eyes seemed transfixed on how the motion caused his throat to move. “I owe you an apology, Mycroft.” He said softly as he slipped out of the bed and moved to sit next to his Sire on the couch. He smiled as their gazes met. “My distance was as painful to you as it was to Sherlock and I am quite certain you suffered doubly so as it kept not only me but Sherlock as well out of your reach for a time. I had no intentions of causing such a rift between any of us and I am deeply sorry it occurred.” Mycroft smiled as he placed his hand over John’s, which widened when the mender did not pull away.
"You and Hamish should go home." His words were forced and quick as if he wasn't sure he'd actually say them without the hurry. "Actually you should go to Mycroft's."
It took all his cunning but Sebastian was able to get himself underneath the carriage roof without exposing John to sunlight. He pulled the weakened mender into his arms, wincing as John cried out in pain.
"He is not careless! He is concerned for your heart!" Sherlock shouted. "WHERE IS HE?!" He demanded, almost choking his brother. Mycroft's reply was cut off.
"Lord Mycroft says you are to remain in your room unless escorted by a servant, the Lord himself, or the younger Lord, Sherlock."Her voice was soft as she directed him. "Your room is close to that of Sherlock as he will be your primary instructor. Do rest well, the Lord will meet with you in the soon." John stood perfectly still, immediately turning towards Sherlock's door just as it opened. The pair so innately in tune with each other that every movement seemed to be made in equal measure by either man.
Sherlock took John’s hand and the pair strode out of the house, following the servant quickly along in the early dawn light. They arrived in short order at the manor where Alexandra led them past several seemingly stupefied servants and into a room that looked more like a battleground than a sleeping chamber. There was a fire burning in the grate with a stack of blood soaked sheets piled before it. Another maid stood, blood all over her apron, as she wiped Elizabeth’s forehead with a cool cloth and it was clear the blood was still coming, though the blanket hid Elizabeth’s discomfort well. John rushed to her side, shushing her as she weakly reached out for him. She was pale and clammy to the touch, weakness was easily read on her and in her motions as she sighed with what seemed like a bit of relief to see John at her side.
"Don't you say his name." She snapped and a man walked over with a small case. She flipped it open and pulled out a cell phone and a syringe with a foggy liquid in it. She quickly sent a text and snapped a picture of John, sending it as well. She then leaned down and injected the contents of the syringe into his arm. "You have twelve hours left of your life, John Watson. I suggest you enjoy them." She turned to walk away and he started laughing again. "Well as much as you can tied like a pup."
"This is all very lovely and I want to continue but I need to eat. Unlike you and Hamish I can't go three days without food." John teased and Sherlock groaned.
“What is this?” James asked quietly, his voice sounding eager as he came to rest in front of Sherlock. “No cruel words about how you wished I died in the sun on my return?”
"Agreed," Sherlock flashed him a grin, it was a dare. Sherlock didn't think he could see the whole morning. John's smirk made the heat flare in Sherlock's stomach, he was on the edge waiting for John to make his move.
“Johnny!” A voice called out and Lady Pendergrass swept down the stairs almost at a run. She had long chestnut hair mixed with grey streaks and laughing green eyes. She was older, about the same age as John’s parents but she looked strong and fit. “Oh Johnny, I haven’t seen you since before you went to war.” She laughed and pulled him into a strong hug. John forgot he was trying to hide anything and he sank into the embrace with a few tears as he hugged her back.
"Ja, ist mir, Jacob. Ist mir." John whispered, he turned back to Sherlock. "Sherlock, turn on the light and get my case please." His voice was soft as he grunted and gently palpated his own face to survey the damage. Some bruising and a minor cut were all he found, he let out a heavy breath.
"You'll catch cold." Sherlock scolded him, draping his own coat around his husband's shoulders. John turned to face him but his eyes refused to focus.
"I have kept distant as my heart was swayed by Moriarty's words, spoken while I was under his control. After Elizabeth's visit my memory became clearer, my mind recalling details I should have been happy to forget. He ensured me you would leave me, that you would find me wanting after being tainted by his touch. I wrongly came to believe that you only wished to be with me as we were bonded and not that you still wished to keep me for my heart." John idly traced circles on Sherlock's chest, happy to feel safe in his arms.
"My skin is so clean." John whispered, touching his face. His eyes were glowing and the color of the outfit Sherlock picked made him look like a prince. The transformation had really made him beautiful if he did say so himself.
Once they were gone Meaghan took John to his room and tended to him as she always did, however as she did when her father was away she gave him a bit more blood than normal. She stayed with him until dayfall, when she retreated to her own room. John sank down on the bed, scrubbing his hand over his face. Five years Sherlock had been here, five years he’d been within reach and yet further than ever. John stood and walked over to the window, nearly shouting when arms wrapped around him from behind. A hand pressed over his mouth and in the dim daylight that filtered into the room he looked up at the silver eyes looking back at him, his body trembling involuntarily as the grief of seeing those eyes looking so blankly at him devoured his heart.
you." John looked momentarily confused. "He wanted to strike at me in a way that I had never opened myself up to before. In a way that
"No you do not. You are only interested in having him as yours for the sake of owning him! I love him!"
John, for his part, could not stop himself the arousal that blazed inside of him. A combination of the herbs he had ingested and the desperate need to feel the touch of love. Something in the back of his mind urged him to wait, to wait for Sherlock but the love and relief radiating off of Mycroft was like a desperate salve to his angry wounds. His entire body begged for the salvation Mycroft’s promised and it only stoked the inferno inside of each of the men to a hotter blaze. John panted as Mycroft licked his blood from his lips groaning at how the other was desperate for more even as he hurried out of his own clothes. John kept kissing him over and over again as if trying to prove to himself through touch that he was actually safe. That he was actually home and that this was not a delusion. Mycroft was too desperate reclaim the fledgling he’d thought lost and it was not long before his kisses and touches became more possessive and urgent. John shouted in Mycroft's mouth as their bodies slotted together and it was not long before John was losing himself in the sensations of release. Mycroft utterly forgot everything except the long missed feel of his mender underneath him, as the whirlwind of their desires swallowed their awareness. Mycroft had no idea how long it had been when the mender could finally take no more and collapsed into his exhaustion, watching the mender finally at peace brought tears to his eyes. He gently caressed John’s cheek for a long time before the reality of what had transpired sank in.
"If my life would save his I would forfeit it without hesitation. My feelings will not change tomorrow or in three thousand years. I shall love him for all the ages of the world. He is my mate." John's voice was eager and earnest, reassuring both of the Holmes men that he meant each word. "My heritage as a Solvanar not withstanding I do not come here to gloat or flaunt what I am. The blood hunger inside of me is not what drives me here to your door. I come only as a man helplessly tied to another being for all the ages of the world." Sherlock made a soft noise and Mycroft looked to him. Sherlock desperately wanted to lay his claim, to turn John and claim his as his own forever.
"You said the things you did?" John finished for him, clearing his throat slightly. Sherlock nodded, looking over his face as he answered. "Yea, I figured that part out immediately." He swallowed hard. "You were trying to make me angry. You were trying to push me away so I wouldn't be hurt by what you were going to do. But..." His breathing grew rapid again and he clenched his hands, grunting as he did. Sherlock tightened his hands over John's. "What you said after that wouldn't have allowed me to believe it, if I had, even for an instant." His voice cracked again as he tried not to let the memories overwhelm him.
Sherlock felt John’s look and simply smiled, nodding to the woman before continuing the path home. They arrived at the manor to find Mycroft sitting inside the living room when they stepped in. Sherlock simply huffed in annoyance and drug John passed the other, not seeing as John looked back at Mycroft with confusion on his face. He had wondered why it was that Mycroft stayed so distant from him now. No matter what John did it seemed there was a gap now, and though he was content with Sherlock and knew Mycroft now had Gregory, it still nagged at the back of his mind.
"I promise, Mycroft. If for some reason something should happen to Sherlock or if he crosses any lines I shall come to you." His voice was thick as their eyes locked. John could read how Mycroft yearned for him and he wanted to unite their mouths but he hesitated.
"Let’s go out here and you can sit with your Dad and I’ll get you some medicine." John offered as he carried him out into the living room. He smirked noting that Sherlock had hardly even moved from his previous position on the couch, his legs flung over the end of it where he'd made room for John to sit and be his pillow. Sherlock looked up slightly, surveying Hamish as he deduced the situation.
"Your brother has been lurking in the hallway for some time, I decided it would be best to see him on his way than to make him stand there and listen as I continued to explore you." John resumed his soft kisses on Sherlock's neck, enjoying how the moans pried themselves from his lips and he arched into the contact. "I am not ready to be under the care of both the Holmes brothers, as of yet..." John purred against his skin. "However I
?" He growled darkly, undoing his own trousers and his face close to John's. His eyes were dark and menacing, the whites barely visible.
John groaned and his eyes fluttered closed. Sherlock kept moving so incredibly slowly until John desperately whimpered. Sherlock stood and turned John, positioning him over the low desk in front of the window so that his ass was raised and presented for Sherlock to use, his arms still pinned behind his back. John blushed slightly, his face turned to watch Sherlock. He'd never seen such an intent look on his face.
"Hush, I know my love. I know." Mycroft fought his own pain. John looked up at him and cupped his cheek, deep guilt in his eyes.
"What about Mrs. Hudson," John began, interrupting Sherlock's planned retort. He grunted as his sudden outburst made Sherlock apply too much pressure. Sherlock strengthened his grip on John's arm and made him sit back against the couch.
"Yes." He conceded, looking away as he growled again. John motioned again for him to come closer but he decided to pace again.
"Why wouldn't you want me to know?" Sherlock asked quietly as John gently guided him back into the house, case in hand, as he got the two of them out of the biting cold. He slid the door closed as he replied, trying to keep his voice even.
"John," He purred in his ear. "I want to take you. I want to take you while you take Sherlock. May I have your permission?" He caressed John's sides, waiting tensely for the answer. John's gaze flicked up to Sherlock's and silently he nodded his acceptance. John flushed.
"I need to go to my mind palace." John snorted with laugher and just took the glare Sherlock gave him.
"Lestrade," Lestrade's face tightened almost immediately. "What?" He sighed heavily. "Donovan, Donovan! Slow down." He paced slightly. Sherlock's entire attention turned to Lestrade, which was like having the force of the sun bear down on you and you alone. Lestrade tried to focus on Donovan's words. "Where?"
"Then let me help. Let me in." He almost pleaded. "Please." The words were so soft, so needy. John felt panic that Sherlock would be overwhelmed and turn away, but Sherlock understood that this moment was a test. If he could stand up and be strong, to be caring in this moment when John's fear was forcing him to run away from everything - they could get through anything. He let his body soften more as John was pressed against him, showing John that he wasn't going anywhere. His hands wound their way under John's t-shirt and jumper long cool fingers pressing into John's warm flushed skin. John inhaled sharply just biting back a moan.
"Thank you John. Thank you for relieving the dark burden of my heart. I am terribly sorry." She whispered.
"I was unable to speak with you during your wedding celebrations and thus was unable to convey some things to you that I wished to. Then I heard you were traveling so I was certain I would be unable to for some time. However when I arrived here last week to visit some of my kin I was happily informed that you were here also." He sank down into the chair across from John, surveying him. "I must say, John, this life suits you magnificently." He smiled motioning to John's form and Sherlock could see the Solvanar shield around Sebastian's neck. Sherlock tensed but John gently placed his hand on Sherlock's to try and calm him.
"Have you spoken to your mate regarding this issue?" He asked tentatively, not wanting to frighten or startle his already off balance brother.
. He never intended to have relations with you. He was above sentiment; otherwise he wouldn't have been so upset with John's presence in my life. So he had her killed…"
"I fear nothing of you. You will not leave me to die because I have already become fire in your veins. I became your fascination at least three years ago and now you can no longer put it off. I want to feel it." He pushed his neck into Sherlock's mouth and moaned as Sherlock began to lathe his lips and tongue across it.
. His thoughts lingered back to waking up from a nightmare to see his face there filled with concern. Half dressed even. The sound of the kettle falling in the sink jolted John away from his less than innocent thinking and he stood, moving out into the main part of the house. He entered the kitchen, running his hands over his face and had to fight a laugh. Sherlock looked so
“You have brought this on your ‘mate.’ Using your research I created the perfect weapon: a hollow pointed knife full of a mixture of herbs that will make Sherlock forget you ever breathed.” James growled in John’s ear, holding him roughly. The bolt was still caught in his body, blood trickling down as his body attempted to heal around it. James yanked on it, enjoying the painful shout it tore from John’s throat.
"It matters tremendously. Did. You. Take. It?" Their eyes burning into each other's as they tensed neither preparing to strike a blow but both of them clearly prepared to fight.
"I love him!" Mycroft snapped, his temper flaring higher than before. He froze, his eyes going wide as they both realized what he had said. Ringing silence followed his words as the brothers each took in the confession that had so carelessly fallen from Mycroft's lips. They stood panting for breath as they slowly stepped apart and turned to tentatively look at John. Mycroft let out a soft sigh of relief, noting that John was still deeply asleep. Their breath was ragged as it move through their chests, their anger cooling rapidly in the face of a much bigger conundrum.
"Johnny, it's been years since we spoke last. I know that's my fault as much as anyone else's. I never believed the same things your father did but I had to side with him in order to maintain peace. Since he disappeared last year - yes I know you didn't know about that; I told Harry but I imagine she never mentioned it. But since he has been gone I realized I should never have chosen him over my children. I want to fix things between us and I know that the darkness between us started during that last summer you spent at Pendergrass Estate, the summer you lost James. So I am sending you this as a peace offering - this isn't the box you left with me. This is the box you left with Harry, the one she took when she left home at fifteen. I hope it will show you that I want to fix things... Please call me, I should very much like to meet my son-in-law and grandson. Love always, Mom." John whispered and he all but threw the letter aside. That box,
- he hadn't meant the fall from St. Bart's or the public opinion. No he'd meant something more, the fall from John's heart. To be removed from John's loyalties.
"Listen to him whine like a whore. He has been here like this for three days and he is still as firm as a young boy. How many times has he released and he still craves more." A man's voice taunted, punctuated by more whimpers and moans from John. John shouted but his words were unintelligible.
“What has happened?” Moran demanded darkly, apparently displeased with Moriarty’s accusations against John.
"I will drink you and you will drink me..." He commanded in a feral voice and John's mind went fuzzy again. Fear flooded him but Sherlock was beyond reason and ignored it.
"No, we both know it is a when not an if, Mycroft. You might have done this all with some goal in mind, but I doubt you got what you were expecting."
"Cannot touch me. A vampire may only contact me when I give them permission or I am bonded to them. Both of which are the case with you, my love." He focused on Mycroft, his intention pooling in his eyes. "Touch me Mycroft." He commanded. "I give you permission to end my mortal life and ask humbly that you initiate me into your nocturnal realm. Take your desire from me."
“You are dismissed.” He growled at his daughter, lunging forward to pin the mender. He growled as he inhaled the scent of another vampire. “Someone has touched what is mine.” He growled more darkly.
Sherlock was shirtless with one arm under John, holding him gently to his side. His other arm flung over his head betraying the fact that for once he was resting peacefully. A small smile playing on his face as he apparently enjoyed whatever he was dreaming about. A small lump under the blanket next to him indicated where John had curled up against him, hiding himself under the blanket to avoid the cold. They were both breathing almost in sync with each other, slow rhythmic breaths indicating that the two of them were deeply asleep – a rare feat in 221B. The peacefulness of the moment was disturbed however when at exactly the same moment, one on each side of the bed, their phones started ringing. The clashing ringtones made a horrific jumble of noise as the two sleepers awoke.
for tormenting him like this. Didn't she understand what she was doing? How much damage she was going to cause?! Her features darkened as she read their tiny movements. "Stop it, both of you. You're being very foolish and we're wasting precious time." She turned back and walked back to the coffee table. She paused to smell the flowers before turning back to them, Sherlock's energy changed again as he noticed something about the scene. "I can see from the look on your face Sherlock, that you're not entirely surprised to find me here. That's good that means you're putting the pieces together. The answer is right in front of you, as it has always been. The only thing I have left to give you is a clue: think about
"Go easy my mender." Mycroft urged, bracing him as he helped John sit up. Anthea looked up from her seat by the door.
“You have.” John’s reply was so earnest it forced Sherlock to look back at him, seeing his own tears reflected in his lovers’ eyes. “You came home.”
John would be lying if he said it surprised him that Sherlock’s first reaction would be to dash off to solve some case, instead of remaining with his love and addressing the emotion of the situation. That did not, however, keep him from letting out a sigh of disappointment, as his body began to tremble from flashbacks and fear. John knew that Sherlock must have gone to The Yard yet he could not force himself to move, no matter how he tried. Instead, his mind continued to spiral, and it was sometime before he became vaguely aware of the sound of someone in the room with him. Mrs. Hudson had a tray with some tea and blood wine on it, sure she’d heard Sherlock return home. She frowned when she saw the state of the Mender and gently moved towards him once she set the tray down.
“To health,” Mycroft replied quietly, noting the Mender looked thoughtful. “What is it that worries you so, my Mender?”
John blushed more as Sherlock helped him out of the car, making sure his jacket and scarf were tidy and neat. A few photographers snapped pictures of them from across the road, but Sherlock's attention was completely on John. He smiled softly and escorted John inside and to a small room where Lestrade and Mycroft were already sitting and from the look of it partially through their first glasses of wine. John snorted with a laugh and slid down in his seat.
“I did not guess, I observed.” John smiled, just a fraction and Gregory felt some of his tension ease. John often teased Sherlock that his deductions were guesses, something Sherlock very often refuted. Gregory went to reply when he was cut off by footsteps and words carrying in from the foyer.
The messenger returned promptly from the Duke's house and with a letter that agreed it would be perfect for John to gain tutelage under the Holmes brothers. So it was easily arranged and around sunset John was on his way to a new life - in many ways. He carefully flicked through one of his few documents on vampirism as the carriage drove on. Sherlock snapped awake as he felt John's energy close to him, his scent filling his nose. Their shared tension becoming stronger as their proximity increased. He sat up slowly, moving like a cat - long fluid motions. He swept through his room, hastily dressing and his senses expanding to take in the feeling of the house. He heard voices in the hallway, most importantly he heard John's soft tones. Excitement filled his chest and he could feel the subtle shift as John began to fill with it as well. Anthea almost laughed as she directed John and saw the stupid smile that covered his face the closer they moved towards Sherlock's room.
"That man is dangerous, brother." Mycroft's voice simply appeared beside him, startling him slightly. "Lord Moriarty is of utmost concern to us." Mycroft leaned back against the railing, his sharp jacket a stark contrast to it.
"Yea, we're out of milk. Again," He laughed and she smiled. "I'm just going to pop over to the grocer. Do you need anything?"
"I am. I'm sorry you got hurt by that mean man." She whispered, kneeling down to meet his eyes. "I owe you lots of presents!" She smiled wide as Hamish reached out and hugged her. Sherlock scoffed which might have hidden him saying 'sentiment' but smirked when John blushed a bit. John was checking Sherlock's IVs, his vitals, and his chart without paying attention to himself. Sherlock clicked his tongue which got John's attention.
-Two small slit like cuts on the victims neck, meant to mimic and animal bite but with jagged edges clearly from a specific type of knife.
, I don't care if it's takeaway, call me." He sighed as Sherlock moved to say something. "Don't you dare click your tongue at me Sherlock. I've had enough of that to be going on with. Now, we've doubled patrols on this area but you had better stay wherever John is. I've got my best eyes on you two, but they've been known to fail." Lestrade raised his eyebrow as Sherlock went to make another angry remark. "You know, Mycroft's..." John shook his head just once and Lestrade sighed. "I'll check in with you both in a few days.
John grunted as he woke and realized he was alone in the large bed. It was comfortable and warm but the lack of Sherlock or a warm spot where Sherlock had recently been next to him made him pull himself from the soft blankets and out into the weak sunlight. It was half nine and he was surprised by the stillness the house had as he slowly let all of his senses take in the morning. Sherlock must be outside and judging by the stillness around him Hamish was with him. He could never explain it to anyone who asked him but he always knew whether or not Sherlock or Hamish were in a particular location just by the feel of it. There was a particular energy that his husband and son gave whatever building they were occupying. He sighed softly and walked over to the suitcase rummaging around until he found his favorite shirt, a jumper, clean pants, and trousers. He then grabbed his toiletries bag and headed for the bathroom to begin his morning routine. Just as he finished up in the shower and stepped out he heard the soft thump-thump of shoes hitting the carpet just beyond the bed in the bedroom proper and felt the energy of both of his loves as they snuggled into the bed together. He could hear the excited whispers of the two drifting into the bathroom as they pretended to snuggle in like they'd been there all along. John didn't hurry, instead he moved a bit more slowly before stepping out of the bathroom and looking at Hamish and Sherlock where they were both covered up to their necks by the blankets. He could tell just by looking that Hamish was hiding something under the blankets with him and smirked. Both of them were fully dressed and looked wild as if they had just run a race.
“I have an herbal wine I use when I need to distract my husband,” John could not repress a small noise of pain and Sherlock felt guilt curling more insistently in his chest. “Inform me of when you begin to build up the amounts in his blood and I shall do the same. My coven is in London, I will take you there and you two shall be safe.” He promised.
“I would do anything for you.” John whispered softly, knowing that Sherlock was thanking him for something that didn't require those words.
"Two things brought me here today. The first of which is the easiest dealt with." He placed his arms on the rests of the chair. "I have come to understand you received some sort of communication from someone
Now that I have your attention - I hit writers block and life block with this chapter. I am so sorry it took so long to post, but we've hit the dark times now. There is a lot of blood and dark themes in this chapter. There is also mention of rape and non-con drug use. These aren't new to the story but I feel it is fair to warn you.
"I was going to say that having friends and allies was a worthy endeavor." Mycroft smirked slightly. "I'm going to have them bring a second bed in for you."
"Do not call me that. Please, I am only Elizabeth. I must speak with him. I must, it is of urgent importance." She pleaded, still clinging to Anthea's hands tightly.
John's mind went empty and hollow, the sound of Moriarty's voice was the only thing he could hear. Commands were issued and John knew he wished not to obey them, however he had no other choice. His only protection removed and his own training so woefully forgotten he had no chance. Tears still fell and pain came and went as his body broke under the waves of James voice. Then thankfully darkness settled and for the moment he knew no more of the horrors befalling him. Moriarty smirked as John's eyes went blank and glassed over, his mind settled into some dark corner to protect itself. He got up and dusted off before sitting in his chair.
as he worked. John was threatened to be overwhelmed with the sensation and the ache in his hips intensified. He roughly pulled Sherlock back, pushing him into the wall and kissing him so hard Sherlock almost lost his breath. They continued to struggle for control, Sherlock spinning John and shoving him into the wall as he kissed and nipped at John's lips, using his hips to pin John in such a way he simply melted into Sherlock's control. The kiss continued to intensify in a way that was threatening to pull them into wonderfully terrifying territory before being interrupted by a voice calling up the stairs.
The afternoon passed slowly and around tea time they all started in on the food. John noticed with a smirk that Mycroft seemed to only be interested in talking to Lestrade, the two of them sitting off to one side of the room deep in discussion. Sherlock kept moving about the room rapidly, watching everyone and avoiding proximity with anyone. It took awhile but John finally got his arm and spun him down, so he fell across his lap. He kissed him softly, well aware everyone could see and waited until Sherlock stopped fighting before he spoke.
"Says the man who bought me flowers," John retorted, standing and preparing to move into the bedroom to sort through his clothes.
, you know my heart and that, John, shall never change.” He promised, his eyes flashing up from John’s lips to meet his gaze.
"No and I wasn't really offering it. I don’t dwell on the actions of those who serve a purpose. However you said you accepted my arrangement but it looks like you've given the boy another dose of sedative." His tone was deadly.
“As I have said I worry with our foes so close. I worry that if something should happen to me Sherlock might not understand the care he needs from our family. I have suffered a distance with your support, he has not. You swear to me you will care for Sherlock should something happen, and I am unable to?” John’s voice was soft and full of emotion, barely concealing a desperate need to be reassured.
"This bond is uncommon for us... For us to find..." Sherlock tried to explain though his mind was already engaged in other thinking. "There are so many people in the world the likelihood of us finding our mates is usually low." He whispered lathing kisses over John's neck as he slowly pulled the various layers of clothing away. "I am forever in debt to the power that brought you into my knowledge. I shall protect you for all the ages of the world." He promised, leaning up to kiss John as he pulled his own shirts off.
"Then it is good that I kept an eye on you." Sherlock smiled and inclined his head. "It is good to see you J... Sir Watson. If my brother is quite finished with you I should like to take you on a tour of the grounds."
"The Tribunal sentenced my grandson to sleep for ten years without blood and Mary was exiled from the coven. All her ties to us were stripped and her status as a Solvanaar were revoked. Her necklace was destroyed. I have pressed for my grandson to meet the same fate however the Tribunal is loath to do so due to my daughter's pleas." Moran sat back, his eyes hard.
"Stop thinking," He snapped, his fingers finding the clasp on Johns belt. Suddenly his trousers were gone and he was almost completely naked while Sherlock was still completely clothed. John groaned in protest but he received a swift smack on the ass for that. He grunted. "No, John, I'm doing this how I want to." John groaned as Sherlock's hand slid down, taking his pants with them. Those long fingers pressing into every inch of skin on his legs.
"When last we spoke I was so very cruel to you without intention on my behalf of being so. I knew not the real truth of what had happened those dark days at my manor. I have since learned of what truly transpired and how I have so gravely injured the one I vowed never to harm. Lord Moran came to me a month ago and brought me the necklace I now wear, the one that is so similar to yours. He informed me that as James' wife it was a token of my place within his family and he had come to bestow the honor of it upon me, though he was disappointed James was not home to see him do so. James has been gone often these last few months to deal with some business of his own in France. Lord Moran told me the necklace would protect me and my child, he urged me to ensure I kept it on at all times, and that it was always close to my heart. When I put the necklace on I became rather ill and took to bed for a fortnight. During which I was plagued with dreams and memories of things I did not recall having transpired, situations in which James told me things that I did not remember him telling me, and memories of moments I witnessed that I did not feel as if I had been present for. One of those memories was from the night of the dinner where he intended to poison all of you and you, my beloved cousin took all of the torment onto yourself. Before the dinner he came to me and informed me that I was to react poorly when it was discovered you all had been poisoned, he explained every detail of how I was to respond and behave in a way that made it seem as if it were my own thought. That I should entreat you all to forgive him as one of our servants had informed him about the herb and he had been genuinely trying to make the evening more pleasant. Another memory that plagued me was of the day before my wedding when he apparently informed me I was to loosen your necklace without arousing your suspicion, where me mentioned to me that mortals can remove the shields and I was to provide him great assistance by doing this." She shook visibly as her sobs took her voice.
"Come on my little one," Mycroft said soothingly. "You are okay, you are with me." He promised as he carried John out of the room without bothering to close the door. His entire being focused on the shivering vampire in his arms.
"Where did you get that?!" Sherlock demanded angrily, sweeping over to John and straightening to his full height with anger.
His breath locked in his chest as his heart hammered against his ribs. He tried to speak, to say something that would draw John out of the darkness around them, but his voice felt trapped inside his throat. And for the first time he could not detach from his feelings. Love. It was
“No one of import to you, brother mine – where is your intended?” He forced a smile as James came to rest beside Sherlock.
, I know your heart has been swayed to pursue this matter in order to protect his kin, however I must caution you to carefully consider the information you share with him regarding any matters in the future." Mycroft sighed as John finally relaxed.
“Please do not be long.” John whispered as he slowly moved from the room. It was only the pressing need of his hunger that allowed him to move away from his love.
“I've checked over the information you sent me most recently and I am afraid I have to ask you again...  Is this really the best decision right now?" Mycroft asked in a tone that indicated he didn't agree.
, you like how we are restraining you. How, ever did I miss this side of you?" He licked a hot trail over John's neck, moaning against it as John let out a feral growl.
"Thank you Lord Holmes, I appreciate even the smallest of kindness from those who better protect my cousin." Elizabeth stood with the help of John and her servant before the trio began to walk outside. Anthea standing watch at the door.
"I'm lucky he didn't give up on me." He said it dismissively, his attention focusing on the window. He wanted to get out of this sparse hospital and back home. Real home, not the Pendergrass estate but he was aware that was unlikely to happen.
"I will be heading back tomorrow morning. I have several things to attend to, but I will return within a week or so." Hamish pouted.
"Shut up all of you." Sherlock snapped and John crossed his arms as best he could with little Hamish in them. "Not good?" He asked sheepishly as he realized how terse he must have sounded.
“There are many reasons why I have been sent here. Though why I am here tonight is my own doing.” Gregory said softly as he walked over to lean on the railing beside Mycroft, his full attention focused on the man before him. “I have come to England on behalf of Their Royal Highnesses to inform you that we received your letters as well as letters from some of our affiliate covens here, explaining the situation that is before us. While the Tribunal’s ruling has silenced any action we might take in Sherlock’s stead, I can assist you and your coven through this difficult time. My Ladies also offer my services as a token of our faith that you will align with our clan and our missions.”  Greg smiled as he looked at Mycroft, their eyes locking for a moment. “I am here tonight as I wished to meet you.” He smiled even more broadly and Mycroft’s eyes locked with the other man’s gaze.
"I expected as much, truthfully." Mycroft yawned a bit and carded his hand through John's hair. John smiled up at him tiredly from Sherlock's arms.
"The same." Sherlock said softly, the little case finding its' way back into his hand. "Only I have an entire wing of my mind palace that has seemingly reappeared." He mused, no longer out of sorts about confessing these things to John. "It's locked though, but I can hear children laughing..." John knew this was somehow linked to the case.
“There was nothing you could do. He had trapped me. He lured me in, in fact I found out, though he still does not know that what small amounts of his blood he provided me showed me the truth, that he actually poisoned his clan both times. He found out about my aptitude through his various spies and intended to use the first illness to bring me in. When I was able to refuse, he programmed Ana to resist him and then when the time was right, and I was far enough away from you and Mycroft he struck at me using her. I believe he has used Moriarty’s desire for you as a method of achieving his own ends, using it as a means to pull you from my side. He was in France before you were taken and he abused me after he found me bloodied and broken. He intended for Moriarty to attack us, however he was supposed to be there when it happened. He was going to use my broken mind to compel me to be with him. That is why Moriarty had two daggers instead of only one.”
Meaghan led Sebastian down into the dungeon, deeper than he expected. All the while Meaghan kept telling him that something strange had happened to the mender while he was away. She explained he had been possessed of arousal and desire for her father for almost the entirety of his absence, such that no one had been able to come near the mender without it addling their thoughts. Sebastian kept growling more and more pleased as she explained the situation to him. John was finally cracking, the distance having driven his mind over the edge. His thoughts were far from him, so he was taken by surprise when she opened the door, causing him to his in pleasure at the sight before him. John was completely naked. He looked healthy and strong, something Sebastian had denied him for years. His body gleamed with oil and his hands were covering every inch of skin they could. His body was flush with desire and it was clear to see he’d been this way for some time. Sebastian watched as John groaned his name, his hand working something deeper inside of his quivering hole. Sebastian groaned, realizing it was a smooth marble rod that Sebastian had designed to train the mender to take him on his whim. John groaned loudly, his hole clenching around the toy as he smelled and felt Sebastian. He looked up at him, the silver collar and cuffs gleaming against his tanned skin as his eyes locked on the older vampire.
"No need to be sorry my love." Sherlock whispered, cradling his face. He spoke softly, his words bringing John ease. "Your senses are expanding and your mortal body is being transformed. Today will be the most painful, the morrow will be the hardest mentally." He gently kissed John who whimpered some at the contact but refused to allow Sherlock to pull away.
"It will be alright. But you can't hold all of this emotion inside. You have five years of guilt burning inside your mind and you need to get it out."
"We have before, but those clans became a part of something larger and the alliances fall away. Our clan mother has long since gone to rest, so many alliances are not offered our way." He sighed.
“If you will not be quiet I will make you quiet.” Sherlock hissed softly, his voice against John’s ear.
"He was fine. It didn't help that he knew you were texting us every time you got a moment." Greg crossed his arms.
"I…" He got a pained look on his face. John knew he was struggling with some feeling, but he ached all over. It wasn't just pain from the physical attack, his heart ached.
“I said no.” John growled angrily, his back going rigid. “I am not going and that is my final decision.” He growled softly.
"Because you were better than this, John! You had your choice of women. You're pathetic just like James was. Giving up the women in your life and committing this crime against nature. Men were meant to be with women John. I didn't raise you to be like this!"
"That's what love is Sherlock. It's nerves and worry. It's jealousness and fear." He gently cupped the detectives cheek, their eyes still locked. "This is normal for any relationship and doubly so for ours, it's okay to be afraid. But you're brilliant, you're incredible, and you've figured this all out." John whispered, his mouth still very close to the detective's.
“George get our things, Anthea get our Captain.” Mycroft growled, his eyes flashing dangerously at Sebastian.
“John… After everything…” Mycroft could not process the emotion behind the gift, watching the Mender who was still soft and accepting.
"She was proud of you, you know." John's attention snapped back up and she smiled. His face betrayed his confusion and she continued on softly. "She couldn't talk to you about it, she didn't know how to bridge the gap that had grown between the two of you. But when you took her in and she started getting clean she started calling me. She started trying to rebuild the bridges. Your father had basically abandoned me to chase the Pendergrass family, so I was free to finally make amends with her. We hadn't spoken that much since you lost Sherlock, when you thought he was dead." He furrowed his brow and she smiled again. "She called me because she wanted me to come to London after he 'died.' She screamed at me, telling me how much you needed support and you refused to accept it from her. I told her I couldn't do that, that the last thing I wanted was to force you to let me in. So instead I bought all of those idiot tabloids and read between the lines to find out how you were doing. Mycroft called me for the first time about two months after the incident at St. Bart's to ask me how he could help you. I was unfortunately at a loss for what he could do, but I encouraged him to help you get busy. That's when you got that position working at the new clinic. I was so happy when he came home to you, but I still couldn't bring myself to contact you... I was afraid you wouldn't want me in your life." She looked down with a sigh.
"And yet you scolded your lover for being hasty. Calm yourself, brother - you must be properly prepared for someone as large as your mate." John shouted as Mycroft pushed a third finger into him and it took him a minute to recover enough to reciprocate on Sherlock.
This chapter starts off nice and fluffy and ends up with a bit of smut. I appreciate you all putting up with a relatively fluffy story marked explicit, the next chapter will likely be the last one to start of fluffy as it only gets darker for awhile from here!
"You are supposed to be celebrating your wedding, not falling ill." John countered and he immediately began to check her heart rate, her skin, her eyes, her temperature, and other visible signs of illness. "Tell me what happened."
“You wish to marry my son?” The man asked Sherlock who simply nodded before stepping forward and looking at him directly.
"No. While that would be something to see, I think it would embarrass John to no end and I think it would send the wrong message. It's not you to just do something like that out in front of everyone."
There was no way, was there? John mused slightly, his eyes on Sherlock and his breathing slowed. Sherlock had been at the Pendergrass Estate when he was seven, which would have meant John was ten or eleven. That would mean it could have been
he wanted to call it..." Sherlock smirked but sighed, this ability to hide things was not a habit he'd wanted John to pick up. "I didn't want to worry you. I should have told you though, because you would have seen a way to keep Hamish safe." He sighed, looking down. "I would never have knowingly put 'Mish in danger." Sherlock sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, but Uthur cut them off.
John sputtered, as if he had been doused with freezing water, his mind suddenly pulling back from the hazy place it had been sent to. As his eyes focused he found Sherlock in his focus and not Mycroft, causing him to frown in confusion. Mycroft growled from across the room, pulling himself up from where he had smacked into the wall.
"Mycroft, will you join me this evening?" Sherlock asked him, the three men sitting around the table as John descended the stairs. Hamish was on the couch watching some television show.
"Do you not enjoy this sort of event?" Sherlock asked darkly and John knew immediately it was a question of test, he wanted to determine outright if John was even worth his time. He felt obligated to be honest. Sherlock walked towards him slowly, enjoying the sound of silence around them and the look of confusion and desire brewing on the man's face. He understood why his brother had brought him now, because he felt it the sensation of a string connecting the two and pulling them ever closer together.
"Don't start. As soon as your arm is better this goes back to being your task." Sherlock said softly, but smirked as he set it down for him. "Do you need anything?"
"It's quite alright Sebastian, we all know you have done what you could." Mycroft offered, sipping his wine and watching the mender stare out the window. "James is dangerous."
The tension finally breaks and this chapter leads to full man on man action (again towards the end). Again if it's not your thing please skip it.
"What has delayed you so?" Mycroft asked gently. “It should have only required a little time to see Elizabeth off, you have been gone for quite awhile.”
r." John tensed, his entire body going rigid and he clutched Sherlock's shirt in his hand. Today had been the first day he'd woken without tears, the first day he felt he might actually want to cuddle close with Sherlock and press kisses over his mouth and neck, but now...
“You did guess, however you also guessed correctly.” Sherlock’s body language was indicative of his mindset, his muscles seemed taut and full of anxious energy. His eyes burned as they focused on the Mender, with an intensity Greg would never be able to bear with the grace John did. The pair's eyes locked and thousands of unspoken words began to pour into the room. Greg shook his head, smiling fondly at the pair.
"I'm surprised that you put that together before I did." Sherlock said honestly and John blushed more. "But you love me?"
“Take him. You will be in danger if you remain. Go. I shall not be long!” He argued before dashing back into the manor.
“For us to get stuck yes, for you to be so bloody interesting no,” He groaned and he used his hips to shove John into the wall. “Now shut up. You're making far too much fuss for someone about to be ravaged.”
“You… Have my word.” Gregory sighed, trying to find more words. He was unable to speak again as the bell for the watch change rang out and John used the commotion to sneak away back to his room.
Darkness was coming slowly and John was pale as a ghost, so Greg just nodded and let them go. Sherlock led the way to the street, putting his hand on John's back once they were clear of the crime scene and hailing a cab. John hadn't said a word and Sherlock could feel him trembling slightly against his hand. The unasked question hanging around them were almost biting at them, their curiosity gnawing away as they both tried to wordlessly figure out why these cases mattered to the other.
"I have considered that there were alternate plans put forth, that an alternate was available for her to use. But she has already shown her hand as it were. She is consumed by anger. She has dogged John since my death, tried to squeeze information out of him. To put the screws to him to watch him suffer. Her own heart has turned bitter because Moriarty killed himself without thought to her feelings, because he truly didn't care about her. So she is both enacting the plan of the man she loved and resenting it - allowing her to make several failures and make the path before us clearer than ever."
"Protecting me!? From what? You have never protected me and you have never been a father!" John shouted keeping Hamish protectively in his arms.
"I do, God I do. You... I told you when we were on the Lindberg case." He mumbled, his voice muffled by moans and whimpers.
"You never have to apologize to me, John. I let you down. I always do and yet you always take me back. You accept me for the flawed human being I am and it makes you happy to do so. You even wanted to start a family with me, of all people. I was the one at fault, that's why I asked you to come to Mycroft's for that weekend. Because I needed you back. I need you, I always have and I always will."
“Then neither will you!” Moriarty raged, managing to grab the edge of John’s jacket and pulling him over the edge.
"He has not spoke a word directly no, however it is clear to me that he does not listen to the words Sherlock says and instead believes due to his own darkness that Sherlock only wants to help because he desires the physical expression of their love. I have informed him many times that Sherlock has not taken any physical relief from anyone since this ordeal began and Sherlock assures him both through his entreaties to John and those made to me to take to John that he wishes for no more than to be near his mate." She sank down onto the couch, looking up at him.
"Don't even try to pretend it wasn't. I've put it all together Mycroft and we both know if I can put it together he can. We also both know that it isn't going to go over easily, it's not going to be something that he can just accept. I know how I feel. I know that it doesn't matter. It wouldn't have mattered if you had picked me up yourself thrown all my stuff into Baker Street and told me I had no choice, because we both know you can't control how I feel. My heart is beyond your grasp, something that has always bothered you immensely." John smirked a bit as Mycroft's face conceded the point. But John was standing in the living room in such a way he could not see what Mycroft could. He couldn't see the bathroom door propped open just enough that Sherlock's eyes could sweep every motion his brother made and every word landed clearly on his ears. "But he needs to know
We are in the thick of some of the more angsty/feels/sad making portions but I don't write unhappy endings. It's just not something I do.
been a consulting detective, John." The tone went straight to John's core and created a deep ache, but the statement punctured the happiness purring in John's chest. It reminded him of something Sherlock had said so long ago.
"When Lady Pendergrass releases me." He laughed. "Like I said she sent a special request to the Yard for me to come out here said it was a special investigation. I think she got Mycroft's office to help her, but what can I do but follow orders?" Mycroft simply smirked.
It was not a pleasant situation. There was blood spilled in all directions, making the dirt floor with spray patterns of various strengths and lengths. John was balanced precariously on a narrow table, his wrists bound and stretched above his head, his ankles bound together and all of the restraints tied to a long rope so he could be maneuvered around. He had dried blood, semen, spit, dirt, and other substances dried and caked all over his body, his cheeks tear stained and swollen. He was currently lying on his back, his eyes half closed. His body was wracked by shivering caused jointly by weakness and hunger. His gaze was unfocused as he slowly turned his head as far as he was able to see who'd come to relieve him from his torture, but his entire body went tight with grief and despair as he realized who had come. Sherlock was vibrating with so much rage Mycroft was concerned he might become violent, his desire to harm those who had harmed his mate overwhelming his logical mind. He moved closer to his brother placing a hand gently on his shoulder to try and calm him, though in honesty his own rage was not much better controlled. John was utterly broken and used. They watched as he resigned himself to his fate and saw the exact moment his body went lax as the adrenaline finally cut out. The weakness of his aura and the fluttering of his breath caused Sherlock to soften and he darted forward using his one free hand to rip away the ropes and bonds, ignoring how they cut him. He pulled John into his lap on the floor, cradling and rocking him. Mycroft watched in somewhat stern hesitation as Sherlock ignored everything else in the room except his injured mate and relaxed enough to return his attention to the offending vampires.
"No, he is not is he?" He walked over and circled his brother, observing him. "You have tasted his essence." His face was very close to his brother's, their skin almost touching. "Did you take it? Force him?"
"Oh..." Sherlock whispered in the somewhat awed voice he used when it all clicked. John turned back, his confusion clear on his face but Sherlock was already focused on the bookshelf again.
The ship lilted and bucked as the ocean seemed intent on keeping the Holmes clan from reaching the shores of their homeland without the lovers united. For days on end George, Anthea, and Mycroft had kept a constant vigil at the weakened mender's side. John had scarcely been awake for longer than a moment since they'd left port, lost in some internal darkness and pain. Mycroft had done his best to nurse John to some semblance of health over the course of their journey, however without the mender awake it was difficult to ensure he was progressing positively. John had been plagued by nightmares and terrors in the darkness of his mind and broken heart, the sound of Sherlock shouting in pain ringing constantly in his ears. He gasped and came awake violently as the nightmare again tore at him, his head swimming and his gaze unfocused as he tried to push himself up. His entire body felt heavy and weak, utterly debilitated by what had happened. His mind slowly came back into the world only to find his Sire leaning over him with a pained expression. John tried to speak, his mouth dry and thick with emotion, however Mycroft hushed him.
In the darkness of the manor time passed without much marking. Days became weeks which became months. Sherlock watched with a growing hatred in his chest, as every evening John was led down to the main room where Sebastian would begin by forcing John to use his body to provide Sebastian pleasure. Often while the most powerful of the coven sat by and tried their best to ignore what was happening. He would often call attention to his actions, humiliating the mender as he used him in whatever method pleased him that day. As each of these moments came to pass hatred grew in Sherlock’s heart, along with a possessive jealousy that he had not expected. It did not take him long to realize the man that haunted his dreams was this broken pet that Sebastian tormented. Nor did it take him long to decide that he would free the man, take him home to his coven, and keep him as his own. Shortly after their arrival Sherlock learned where John was kept, though he had yet to find an opportunity to be with the man on his own. He knew today however that would change.
, at you." His voice was almost breathless. "You stopped me from eating the poison apple; you saved me from the very thing he couldn't shake himself from. He and I were the same, except that suddenly I had you. You were the variable he didn't expect and couldn't control, so willing to give your life, to give of yourself to let me find some sort of normal. Someone to make sure that my need for cleverness and affinity for boredom didn't become my downfall." The passion in his voice was almost crushing John.
"I know, however it gave me great pleasure to do so. Let it be like this for now, Sherlock. Stay here with me for a few days and let me explore you at my pace. Please." A plea Sherlock knew he was powerless to refuse even if he wanted to.
" Sherlock's voice was a low growl, he was tense laying in his bed. He drummed his fingers angrily against the table beside his bed, his attention focused and narrow. He slowly stopped and pulled his hands together holding them below his chin as he focused.
"Love, you can't sleep on the table. It'll hurt your back." Sherlock whispered, kneeling down beside him.
"Then why hide it? Do you not trust me?" John's voice maintained it's even tone but clearly gave away his hurt feelings.
"She was there." He sighed softly. "She told me to tell you to not let me out of your sight, to stay with you no matter what." He smirked. "Not that she needed to do that. I'm never leaving your side." Sherlock cough slightly, hiding a blush. John didn't mention the rest.
It was a knife that dug deeply at John – though Mycroft did try to be gentle with the budding romance so as to ease the Mender’s heart. John was in a way, quite happy for his Sire, though it felt like a knife twisting into his soul at every pass. As Gregory and Mycroft grew closer, John grew more distant; behaviors which were not comforted by the quickly approaching wedding of Sherlock and James. As the date of the wedding drew closer John became more isolated and easily agitated. He refused to speak even with Mycroft, preferring instead to remain in the confines of the library. Gregory and Mycroft had formulated a plan in the hopes of convincing Sherlock not to go through with the wedding, however to perfectly succeed with the plan they needed John’s help. Something he had so far been quite reluctant to provide. The day before the wedding Mycroft stormed off towards the library, in the hopes of finding it occupied, and hoping his one last attempt to convince John would work.
"Sherlock!" John shouted as Sherlock nipped at his neck and chest. He'd been completely asleep having a strange dream when he felt Sherlock press two well slicked fingers into him. Then Sherlock's lips had been on his own, kissing him until his head swam with arousal.
"Oh that feels even more incredible." He closed his eyes, moaning softly. Sherlock only smiled and continued.
"Christ, two of you?" Lestrade sighed and ran his hand over his face. "Really, I never expected to hear you sound so much like him John. Mycroft's right though, I should have. You two just be careful alright."
"Oh sod off." John laughed and made them both some tea. "I can't believe you let him watch that crap."
"We have not heard a word from him since the morning he left us for you." Sherlock forced out in as even a tone as he could muster.
"I am glad to know that." John smiled a bit and took Sherlock's hand in his own as they walked out of the room.
“For my brother,” He handed Mycroft a small box. “I was going to buy you a new umbrella, since you seem so keen on using the old one as a walking stick - but I was told that was bad form. So instead I bought you this.” It was a pair of cuff links that were Union Jacks. They were rather tacky which made Lestrade laugh. “For Lestrade, a new watch to replace the one I broke by throwing it into the Thames in a fit. For which I am supposed to apologize and perhaps one day shall.” Sherlock offered the box, Lestrade was definitely giggling now. “For Molly a bracelet as a token of esteem and for her help in many ways, seen and unseen.” Molly blushed slightly taking her box. “Mrs. Hudson, a necklace to replace the one I experimented on, for which I should have apologized and asked permission but didn't." Sherlock's lines sounded rehearsed and each new gift made them all giggle more. "Sally, I know that you think I am a freak and that I don't notice anything positive about you, but I do. This is just a small token of my appreciation for all that you have done for John and for putting up with my insults." He handed her a card, it was a gift card for her favorite store. She blushed slightly. "Honestly I had chosen better gifts, but John assured me they were all rude and uncalled for so you should direct your thanks to him." Sherlock raised an eyebrow and John blushed.
He heard footsteps and looked up into the face of Kitty Riley, a sneer to rival any other he'd ever seen playing across her face. She backhanded him rather hard for a girl but he wasn't fazed, his lip bleed though. His back ached and he realized that his shin was cut open and very poorly bandaged. She backhanded him again and then a third time for measure, growling.
John froze just outside the door as he looked up and around the street outside 221. There wasn't a reporter to be seen. The silence of the sudden lack of journalistic shouting made the entire scene seem eerie and unsettling. John's confusion caused him to stop right in the middle of the sidewalk and Sherlock almost ran smack into him, putting his arm up to brace himself.
“Oh… Hello Mycroft.” John said hollowly. He nodded slightly to Gregory but did not verbally acknowledge his presence. Gregory frowned but understood Mycroft had not left his side for any length of time lately – which meant he had spared no time for John. John continued what he was doing, barely looking up at the men as they stepped further into the room.
"Let us rest and see what manner of trouble we can get into when we wake." John smiled, he wasn't sure he would be able to go through with it, but the more he thought about it the more he desired to partake of their passion.
John was tight, rigid. Tension filled his entire body but there were no twitches or spasms. Just pure tension -
"Damn it Sherlock, no more games!" He slammed him again. "You don't order me around unless you're trying to distract me!" Sherlock felt two entirely conflicting emotions well up inside him as John pushed him harder into the wall, pinning him in place. His eyes widened as he let both sensations take their course, but the change had no affect on John's temper.
"What about the note Jared left?" He asked with a hint of hopefulness in his voice. Sherlock understood, John didn't want to believe that his father murdered his own child. It made everything John knew about the world wrong.
husband. John melted, clearly desperate for the attention Sherlock was giving him. Their lips smashing together in violent kisses that left bruising feelings on each of their mouths as they pulled apart to breathe and remove clothing. Sherlock gently pushed John down on the bed and placed kisses over his jaw, his neck, his chest... Taking his time to worship every inch of John.
"Well this is a very different scene than usually greets me." His face was a mixture of what looked like pleasure and disappointment. He returned to his usual blank but thin lipped smile. "Rather a sweet picture of domestic home life for you Sherlock, aren't you
John groaned as Sherlock’s mouth was all over his jaw, neck, lips, and chest as Sherlock opened his shirt. He was in a hurry and it was incredible. This wasn’t the first time Sherlock used a case as an excuse to leave Hamish with Mycroft and Lestrade so they could be alone for awhile, but it made John feel a pang of guilt.
“Oh my, it looks like you could use some assistance, Lord Holmes.” A voice called from the shadows, both men tensing visibly.
"I... I have our adventures... The journal. My journal." John forced out, his head swimming with emotion. "I keep it in my footlocker at home. I brought it because I knew it contained everything we saw and observed that summer. For once in our cases we are part of the source of best information." He went red.
"Y-Yes it was." John muttered his head still swimming. "An alliance with another family... Does our family even make those?" John was fingering the envelope gently, absentmindedly. His body thrumming with desire for Sherlock.
Time began to move quickly for John, the days and nights blurring as he and Mycroft sought information on their lost lover. They grasped at every lead, no matter how improbable, until they were both exhausted and disheartened. The first decade passed quickly and brought with it a terrible blow to John’s heart – James had succeeded in convincing a vampire tribunal to annul Sherlock and John’s wedding and to allow James to marry Sherlock. The tribunal did not go as far as to blame John however, as no one truly believed James’ falsehoods that John had harmed Sherlock in any way, however they were unable to bring light to John’s version of events with Sherlock adamantly defending James. The wedding was drawing closer and closer and in the months before the wedding many events were thrown to celebrate. Mycroft, in effort to spare John’s heart as much as possible, turned down a myriad of invitations – however when the local Duchess issues an invitation to a masquerade ball she was throwing in honor of the couple the Holmes clan was unable to refuse. Mycroft pleaded with John to attend, nearly begging because he did not want to face the couple alone. John finally relented, though he was not pleased in doing so.
"You are afraid of the power of my shield. The Oaken shield, the birthright of an Oaken Solvanar." He gently touched the pendant of his necklace.
from Lord Moran?" Mycroft looked utterly annoyed, believing the two of them were playing some sort of cruel trick on him. When neither of them seemed to cave he sighed and looked over the envelope. He unsealed the letter and read aloud: "Lord Mycroft, I am sending this letter to you in the only hands I can trust," Mycroft quirked an eyebrow as John flushed a bit, John looked pointedly away from Sherlock which served only to anger him more. "I am seeking a truce between our clans in the name of John Hamish Holmes nee Montiere. Well as you know him Watson, but we both know that is not his birthright.  I seek this in his name as he is dear both to my coven and to myself and we wish to ensure that the health of the family who has his protection as their goal is protected and his happiness is maintained for the whole of the world. This will likely be of some confusion to you as you may not know all of his history, however I owe him a debt greater that I shall ever be able to repay without making a move such as this. I do hope that finally he accepts this as a step towards repaying the insurmountable debt I owe him. Lord Mycroft, our families have had little quarrel over the course of your life amongst our kind. However, there has been much tension between our families since our arrival in the courts in England. I wish to seek end to that tension. The safety of the mender John, his mate, and his family are now a priority for me and as such I hope you will send a favorable response to this letter with haste. I congratulate you on acquiring such an excellent fledgling whose loyalty will forever be unwavering, and more so for his addition to your own family line. With all my gratitude, Lord Sebastian Moran." Mycroft finished and looked directly at John as he dropped the letter on his desk.
“Thank you for bringing him. I do not know what urged you to follow us but I shall be forever grateful you did.” Mycroft said as politely as he could.
"He is, he has continued in his attempts to take over my coven. He has allied himself with my grandson in an attempt to gain control. He continues to use my fondness for John as a means to gain support. It will not work however he continues to try." He sighed.
John looked up as Gregory came to rest beside him, thankful that he could confide in someone. He needed Gregory to understand how each step was moving them closer to the darkness he did not want to face. They were silent for a few minutes before Gregory finally spoke.
John's attention was far from the room, his mind focused instead on some internal rambling as he continued to stare out the window. Sherlock watched him closely, exchanging a dark look with Mycroft. They continued their discussions with Moran before he finally stood, finally addressing the silent mender.
Sobs followed him the entire way, sobs and the soft murmur of his brothers voice. Each sob felt like a knife in Sherlock’s heart but he could not find the reason why in his mind. He paced angrily through the library, unknowingly picking the same track John had worn into the floor when Sherlock was first taken. He paced endlessly, his anger and emotion whirring away inside of him. None of it made sense! This man… Sherlock did not know him! How could there be such pictures of them?! He had been married to James for so long, too long for there to have been any other marriage. His thoughts raced as he paced back and forth, back and forth for hours. After some time the sobs died down and faded completely leaving a hollow silence that Sherlock did not like any better. As he kept pacing his eyes fell on a long row of tomes that were unlike any other in the library. They were handbound and, as Sherlock discovered when picking on up, handwritten. He looked at the spine and frowned.
"In my jacket, the right pocket," John whispered, his smile not fading. "Promise me you'll stay here."
"Oh! I feel like I am going to explode." John grunted, shaking from head to toe. His mouth fell to Sherlock's again as he leaned over him, grinding back onto Mycroft's fingers and pushing his deeper into Sherlock.
“Fine, go outside.” He mumbled, not wanting the man there while he took care of his things. He spoke with the bartender and made sure all of his items would be securely stored. The man was a Solvanaar vampire, and a trustworthy one at that. John then penned a short letter to his Sire explaining his situation before retrieving his items and joining the man outside. “Take me to her.” He ordered darkly, his face set in grim determination.
“No my love, you could not.” Sherlock forced John to allow him to wrap his arms around him again. Holding him even as he struggled. “You knew that Moriarty would do something more dangerous if he believed you to be involved. What you did and how you approached the situation was the best you could do my love.” John continued to struggle for a long time before he broke and his tears claimed him.
"How about instead of you going all cold and scientific on me, we agree to disagree? After all I think we've established I'm the heart of this operation.
at him from the scene before him. He saw how John shivered from the cold, even without the lighting the flat normally had this time of day. He saw how John refused to get up to even get a blanket, wanting so desperately to remain in
"I... Let me free." He pleaded, giving Sherlock a deeply tormented look. Sherlock felt something in his chest twinge but he knew he could not. John whined and whimpered, trying desperately to free himself.
“I rather like this commanding attitude you have adopted.” Sherlock teased, struggling gently against John’s hands and pulling his attention back into the moment. “It suits you.”
"You belong here with me, John. Please come back home. Back to me." John's eyes went wide as Sherlock spoke, watching almost transfixed as Sherlock leaned closer to him.
"It's alright Sherlock," Lestrade whispered putting his hand on Sherlock's back to get his attention. "These are
“True, however if I did not torment him he would get bored.” Sherlock giggled and John laughed with him.
Meaghan looked up as they entered Mycroft’s study, her own glass of blood shivering slightly in her hands. She waited, knowing it was not proper for her to address Mycroft, as Mycroft pulled a robe around himself and sat down across from her. He watched her, noting how terrified she looked. He smiled a bit and saw how it warmed her a bit, her body relaxing as she watched him. He bowed his head to her, his eyes on the floor as he spoke.
“Marcus Watson is dead from a sniper shot which needs to be cleared up before the police attempt to charge his killer. There is also the issue of closing the Orders’ investigation into this whole mess, the answers for which you two have provided. Ah yes, speaking of which you two have been issued a monetary reward from both the Order and the families of those involved..."
“I apologize that I did not announce my plan to call on you all ahead of time, however after learning the recent news I felt it was prudent that I stop in sooner rather than later.” Mycroft wanted to erase the fear he could feel his fledgling struggling under, but knew he could not. John did not speak immediately, rather he stepped back and let Mycroft enter. John watched the other closely, not sure what to make of his intentions and finding more concern evident in Mycroft’s eyes than he expected. He tried to find the right thing to say but was saved the need by Sherlock loudly clearing his throat.
“Don’t even start. I didn’t love anyone else the way I love him! It’s not about a man and a man or a man and a woman! It’s about who I’m attracted to and whom I love! I love him!” Hamish was whimpering softly and John rocked him gently.
"Jared found out about my contract with Uthur. Georgina was working with me to try to keep him safe, since he was the last of the bloodline. I came here to meet with her and arrange some security increases for both herself and Jared and he cornered me. Someone had sent him information revealing that I was working for Uthur and Jared was convinced I had a hand in Harriet's death. I swore to him that I was not involved but he did not believe me. When I made the mistake of telling him I was going back to London he decided he would beat me to it so he could warn you. He took the first train out that night and was on his way to you when Marcus found him just outside the train station. I'd urged him to stay here, I wish he would have listened to me." He sighed softly, looking remorseful. "My cousin thought he was helping you when he left you that note, but he was actually throwing you two off the trail just as Marcus hoped. When Marcus realized I was back in London and that I now intended to go to you Johnny, he started chasing me. He was determined that you should be kept in the dark about his involvement until he could get his hands on you. Georgina sent me a letter explaining the situation here and that she'd summoned you to come back to Pendergrass, I knew that she did it because she believed here you would be safely within the Orders protection while you solved the crimes, but she didn't realize that Marcus had followed you here." John stopped and he wrung his hands.
"Obviously is quite the understatement, Sherlock." Mycroft spoke softly, but in a very dark voice from the doorway. Lestrade got up not liking the look on his face.
“YOU should have realized he was planning something! After all, you helped him buy the supplies!” Mycroft’s rage was growing and Gregory was sure the two would explode.
"Oh come on John, you're always scolding me for not going along with Hamish's games. Am I going to be scolded for making pretend now?"
“Well if we are to remain indoors, what better way to pass the time?” Sherlock groaned as John easily took control over him.
"Greg, Molly?" He called and waited for them to answer. "Would one of you please come up here and help John eat so I can give Hamish a bath. He apparently decided wearing his soup was preferable to eating it." He heard both of them chuckle and then Greg came up the stairs.
"How much did you hear?" John finally spoke, forcing the words out over the lump in his throat. Sherlock smiled, from military to mush in seconds. Their eyes locked and John just dissolved under his gaze.
"P-please." John begged, whimpering and struggling against the rope that held him. Trying to lean up and kiss Mycroft.
"How... Oh..." Sherlock blushed. It was true, comparing the two witness accounts would sharpen his mind. "Oh alright..."
"Obviously." Sherlock pushed himself up, feeling the room spin only slightly. A quick inventory of himself told him all he needed to know. His forehead was bruised, slightly sprain to his left wrist, but no permanent damage. He picked up his phone and his heart did a flip.
"I did, however that was due only to my previous experience with my brothers' brooding moods. He may take longer when the issue concerns you, little mender. I apologize that he has not yet returned to you, however I am here and trying to assist you through. Please John... Please take rest." John met Mycroft's eyes and was surprised by the deep concern reflected in them. He had not expected his actions to move Mycroft so deeply. He was forced to look away, blushing with shame. Mycroft had been caring so kindly for him and he'd been focused on Sherlock. He knew this was right, Sherlock was his husband however he felt shame blossom in his stomach. His heart was conflicted and his mind ached, Sherlock was his love, his bondmate; yet it felt wrong of him to have ignored Mycroft so fully. He kissed Mycroft softly, enjoying the shy smile he got as a reward before he shifted so  he was laying on the couch. He slipped down so his head draped over Mycroft's leg and rested easily in his lap, enjoying the closeness of his Sire. A soft knock echoed through the room and Anthea entered bringing Mycroft his daily correspondences which he took with gratitude. He opened the letters holding them in one hand and allowing the other to card through John's hair. John's body instantly relaxed and he looked up at Mycroft to watch him.
"I..." Sherlock turned to Mycroft who quirked an eyebrow. "What life?" He demanded darkly, knowing that something was going on.
" He could not hold back the moan as John gently performed the task. It was like John was inside his body, their magic and energies working together in a way that was deeply intimate. John was so gentle as he moved through their connection, through their bond, in a way that was asking permission at each step. He gained access to Sherlock's aura with such reverence it was sending shivers through Sherlock's body.
. She didn't know what it was like to have Sherlock Holmes as the center of your universe and then have nothing. It was like seeing the sun rise every morning, feeling it's warmth, knowing it's dangers and then suddenly one morning nothing but darkness. No rants about the stupidity of those around him, no dangerous chases, no looming danger that they were united together against, no... secret looks, whispers that were denied, touches that... His heart fluttered and then sank as the weight of the things left undone and unspoken settled over him. His anger came and went as he mentally scolded himself. Why had he never told Sherlock the truth? Why had he never asked why he kept looking at him like that? Why he would sneak into his room and watch him? Why hadn't he just admitted that he...
"That is very sweet of you, John." Mycroft said darkly, looking up at him. "However I am afraid I cannot do that. I have quite a bit of work to complete and I must go visit the Duke tomorrow. Is Sherlock brooding?" He kept his voice sharp because he wanted to melt under the disappointment that shone in John's eyes. He wanted to sweep up from behind his desk and kiss away the sorrow that was building behind John's eyes, but he could not. He could not allow himself to do this.
"I'm 'lright Sherlock." He mumbled. "Well 'sides the fire in my blood." His speech was slurred and it rather hurt to talk.
“I do not care one way or the other what pleases him. I am sick of being chained here like cattle. You and I are all we need. Us against the world.” Sherlock’s voice was firm, despite the momentary dark look that flitted through his eyes at the mention of his brother. He strode firmly over and leaned down kissing John passionately. He wanted to do more, so much more, however he had not attempted to push any further, not wanting to compromise his mates’ healing.
"You'll have to be more specific, John." The look in his eyes was pure dominance and possession, pure lust and it snapped John's mind in half. He groaned with need.
“And you as well.” Mycroft said guardedly. “To what do I owe the honor?” He stood and moved forward so that he was between his brother and the intruder.
“John!” Sherlock gasped, arching and clawing at anything he could reach. “By the Gods!” He exclaimed, groaning and forcing himself to hold still as John’s warm, wet tongue penetrated him. John hummed against the quivering muscle and began to feverishly use his tongue to open the other. He moved quickly, replacing his tongue with his fingers and expertly working his lover open wider and wider.
"I have no other choice. My hands are tied." He grunted, hemmed in by the realization. He suddenly swept through the room looking over his possessions as he tried to decide what to take. "It will be very difficult to solve some cases without having the full range of my possessions at my disposal. I need to focus." He moved to the bookshelves pulling out book after book. Some he tossed to one side, the others he simply tossed.
"It is simple, if you betray us I will kill you." He promised but he moved closer to him. "You want this?"
"Not all of us are so lucky as you." Moran replied with a soft growl, his eyes flicking over to John.
"Listen to me I am not gay!" Mrs. Hudson sighed and walked passed him, patting him on the arm. He clenched his fist.
“I have received word from the others that the coven gathering is to be moved closer. Father has sent one of his guards back to inform me to prepare his things for the trip. That will give us two months to build up the herb in your blood enough that no one shall know but us.” She whispered quietly. She looked up as she heard a noise outside the window and frowned. “Rest now, I shall return tomorrow at nightfall.” She whispered.
"Hallo Johnny. Es tut mir leid, Sie zu stören. Georgie hat mich hierher geschickt mit dir über das, was ich weiß, sprechen." Jacob said from his seat on the couch. John nodded and he and Sherlock took a seat on the opposite couch, Greg sat at the table with Molly, both of whom were silent. "Wer sind sie?"
"Oh, but it might." Sherlock's tone was quite clear and John almost dropped the kettle on his foot. There was
Sherlock sighed and resigned himself to wait for John, instead of tearing down to find him. He wanted John to save what courage he had. He perked up when he heard John's footsteps on the far staircase and focused his senses. He listened to the quality of his gait, how he shuffled slowly across the house towards their room. He could almost feel the fear as he expected and planned for Sherlock's anger and jealousy to explode as they always did. Sherlock felt ashamed of himself. He had constantly told John he would not stand in the way of his feelings for Mycroft and yet he made John feel so badly about carrying them that John locked himself away in the gardener's shed instead of coming back to him when Mycroft rejected him. He had carried this rejection in his heart for months without daring to ask Sherlock to help him bear it. Sherlock huffed a sigh and promised himself that he would be better for John.
"Mummy, it's okay..." John's voice was tight and she smiled. Sherlock cleared his throat and groaned in pain, but John took the hint. "This is my husband, Sherlock..." He whispered, knowing it was not necessary but it was proper so he did it anyway. Sherlock simply inclined his head as he was still hooked up to an IV. "Sherlock this is my mother Elaine." She nodded.
"J..." The younger Sebastian began but shivered and fell silent. He tried to speak again but found himself unable to.
"Right," John flushed with shame, looking away. Sherlock moved over to sit down next to him on the bed, putting his hand on John's arm.
“Sherlock!” John shouted, managing to get one arm free. A bolt tore through his left shoulder, making him shout in pain.
"How are you feeling?" John asked quietly, moving over to him anyways and picking up his wrist to take his pulse.
"I know, go home and rest now. Do not let this trouble your mind further. My heart suffered, however those wrongs are righted now." He kissed her cheek again and helped her into the carriage.
you, John. I know you were under the effects of the poisoned wine however I witnessed you under their effects previously and you were quite able to restrain yourself. James has informed me of every detail of what transpired and the way you threw yourself on him was not in accord with your previous behaviors." John stepped back just a fraction, finding comfort in the feel of the two bodies behind him.
“Oh…” Mycroft frowned, shame flooding him. What had he done? John had not been home a moment before Mycroft had claimed him. What would his mate think? As if summoned by his thoughts he felt Greg’s hand on his shoulder.
"Okay," Sherlock said and unceremoniously hung up. He dropped his phone off the side of the bed not caring where it landed. It made a muffled
"We have to take care of you, my John." Sherlock purred in his ear, pushing him back towards the bed as Mycroft removed his clothing.
"Stay back Sherlock." John snapped and kicked the man in the shin and watching he fell. John leapt after him, the gun falling to the side and the two tangled together for a tense moment: punches and kicks flying out before a crack of thunder and a flash of lightening illuminated the face of the man John was fighting. John let out a gasp of surprise and held the man roughly about the shoulders as he pulled them both up off the ground. "Jacob!" He shouted as the man lunged at him. "Es ist mir! Es ist mir, John!" John shouted and all three of them froze. Jacob gasped and stumbled back, his entire body going rigid and then softening. John and Jacob were both dumbfounded by the confrontation and Sherlock was stunned into silence at the German falling so easily from John's lips.
"Don't go cold on me." John whispered and suddenly his resolve skyrocketed. "You told me if I was uncomfortable to speak up. Your rules," He whispered his voice full of passion. John took a deep breath, solidifying his resolve before turning and moving towards the bedroom. He was unbuttoning his shirt as he went, Sherlock's attention riveted to him. He entered the room and was surprised to see that Sherlock had not followed him but had remained rooted to his spot in the living room. "
“No, I am afraid we cannot stay. We have an engagement.” John’s mother spoke as she stood. It was clear she was greatly displeased but could not overrule her husband.  “Lord Moriarty is throwing a small get together at our home.” She said it bracingly silently acknowledging that the Holmes brothers were not invited to set get together.
"Even now you trust me enough to have complete power over you." John whispered, swallowing down Sherlock's seed before kissing his way back up to snuggle against him again. "Even when my mind could have been tampered with."
"Good." She noted his face as he though. "The same but not, a criminal and a detective," Her voice was soft, full of meaning.
Mycroft was the first to wake several hours after sunrise. He knew the time by the noise of the servants moving throughout the house. He slowly looked over and saw that Sherlock was also awake, his eyes focused on Mycroft with a sort of deep stare - as if trying to look through him. Mycroft bore his attention simply as he pulled himself out of the bed. John barely shifted, in a deep comfortable sleep as his body processed the next stages of his rebirth. Mycroft gently caressed John's cheek before pulling his dressing gown on. Sherlock sat up, noting that John barely registered his shift and pulled his own robe on. He stretched and Mycroft walked over to the desk area, sitting down in a large arm chair. Sherlock took the one across from him, both of them able to watch John.
"I should make sure you're comfortable." Sherlock jumped up and set about making sure John had everything he needed. John was slightly confused by the sudden distance but didn't want to push Sherlock. He knew that Sherlock had a reason for everything he did. He watched as Sherlock brought him pillows and a blanket, set his laptop to where he could reach it with his good arm, and made sure the remote for the telly was within reach. He offered to make John lunch, but he declined deciding instead to try to rest a bit. Sherlock sat in John's chair, putting his fingers in front of him again as he always did when he thought. His focus however was on John.
“M-Master… P… Please.” John whimpered, the fire in his blood allowing him to give into what he knew would draw Sebastian in.
"Johnny, bist du okay?" Jacob asked as they stepped out into breezeway in front of the door. He turned to look John full in the face and John was reminded of how protective Jacob had been during those summers in Germany.
“Mine.” Mycroft growled, nipping at the other’s neck and using his aura to push down on the other. Desperate to claim his fledgling as his own.
When John woke it was with a wail of grief that made the blood of every member of the coven run cold, a wail so full of pain that Gregory did not even try to accompany Mycroft when he tore himself from bed and dashed across the house. Mycroft grabbed John’s hands just as he began to tear at himself and his clothing, stopping him from harming himself and holding him as he fought, as he had done so many nights since Sherlock’s capture. John collapsed back on the bed, tears still falling even as his exhaustion began to settle in – his expression broken open as he looked pitifully up at his Sire and pleaded silently for the pain to be over. Mycroft knew what had happened, he could feel the lingering energy of the connection and he knew the pain that John must be feeling. He knew how little Sherlock remembered of their life together for, after promising James that he would not mention John in the slightest, he’d been granted permission to see his brother. There he learned that Sherlock’s memories were no longer his own and instead were the lies that Moriarty had planted in his mind. His own guilt blossomed as he watched John slowly crumble into an exhausted sleep. He did not know how to free either of his lovers from this pain, how to end the separation that was slowly causing the mender to harden and forcing the ties that once were so strong, to wither away to dust.
"They were?" John asked curiously, sitting up. She laughed as she noted the interest from both of them.
Just as Mycroft had time to wonder if Gregory did actually intend to kiss him, a sharp twinge of pain echoed through his chest. He tore off his mask, confusion lining his face as he glanced down at his chest. He pulled his shirt to the side, immediately believing he must have been attacked by Gregory, only to find no injury. Gregory moved to speak but knowing slowly coalesced on Mycroft’s face. A dark look flitted past his eyes before he turned on his heel. Gregory had just enough time to hear Mycroft whisper the word Mender before the man took off. Gregory followed, right on his heels as he did – not stopping until he almost collided with Mycroft just outside the gate to the Holmes’ clan manor. There caked with dirt and blood lay a man on the side of the road. He had what looked like several knife wounds in his sides, slowly healing. His arm was also broken, hanging off his body at a very odd angle.
"No." Sherlock cut him off with a sigh. "Mycroft gave me periodic updates, hoping I would..." He paused, his face tightening. It was still too much. He didn't want to admit that he held back because he was terrified. If he kept his emotion away maybe John would be safe again. Deep down he knew that John had never been safe, not from the moment they'd made eye contact. But he wanted to feel like it was safe again. To feel that invincible feeling he'd gotten when they'd chased that cab, so long ago.
“Marcus was going to shoot you; if Jacob had not fired when he did that bullet would have lodged in your chest instead of tearing through your muscles and missing your organs. But you won’t be getting up to anything to strenuous for awhile.”
Mycroft retreated more deeply onto the balcony, sighing softly as the shadow enveloped him and allowed his heart to slow. He understood now why John had vanished and though he wished to immediately console his mender he resolved to remain awhile longer and see if he could convince his brother to visit their manor sometime soon. All other attempts to free Sherlock from James’ side for even a moment had failed and he hoped that the impending wedding would provide an excuse. Mycroft sighed as the night wore on and it became clear that James would not let Sherlock out of his sight, keeping the man within arm’s reach at every turn. Shaking his head in defeat Mycroft turned to leave only to find himself freezing in place as a shiver of excitement crept up his spine and he began to feel a strange, tingling sensation in his chest. The sound of soft footsteps approaching him caused him to turn and looked over the man who stepped from the shadows.
"I know you better than anyone." He promised as their mouths were inexplicably drawn together again. Sherlock's hand slid immediately into his hair, deepening the kiss.
“We do not know if he has been released yet. Lord Moran’s absence has been worrying, however we are not weak. We can fight if we must. Their coven is far to the North in any case. Please Mycroft, you must go on ahead and we shall follow as soon as we are safely able.”
“And yet here I am.” He whispered as he leaned forward. He pulled the ring from the box and let Sherlock slide it on his finger.
"We could have," Sherlock conceded. "She was completely deranged, I could not have anticipated that. I also realized too late that this entire charade was aimed at her as well. Not just at me and John…" His voice was distant as he tried to block the emotion he was feeling. His eyes fell on the bandage on John's chest and he growled softly. She'd marked
"He should be the one giving the orders," Donovan said softly, pointing to Lestrade. She was concerned about the state of Sherlock's mind, more so than usual.
took all of your attention, your focus, your time. Completely blinding you while he fell all over himself to try and support you!" They were speaking softly but Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson could clearly hear each and every word. "When she was finally taken down I put that choice to him of what to tell you. The truth and a lie, and he chose to lie to you. Knowing just as I do that you would know clearly that he was lying. He tried because he wanted, needed you to have closure! He
- John's armchair currently contained Sherlock's violin, skull, cigarettes, and a letter on beige cardstock with a lipstick imprint. In a convenient place so that when John rolled over he could look at the items. The
The three men rejoined George on the ground floor before stalking from the house and out onto the grounds. Sherlock let his aura expand, trying to use his bond to locate his beloved. They were tense as their search was fruitless for several hours before they all turned to survey a series of noises near the kitchen doorway. A servant came slinking along the side of the house and grabbed Sherlock's arm, covering her face in fear when he turned and snarled at her. Mycroft held him back as the woman shook.
"My little Prince Hamish, your Daddy and I went on many adventures that summer and if you continue to be just as wonderful as you have been I promise we will tell you all about them." Sherlock said softly as he swept his hands through Hamish's hair. The little boy was almost completely asleep, his hand clutched around the key.
John grunted as he slowly woke again, judging by the physical sensations he was suffering he had been out for just under half an hour. The markers for the poison were clear. Right now his blood felt like fire in his veins. He could feel his pulse almost as if it was a drum pounding in his body. That was stage one of the poisoning. Stage two would be much worse. Kitty was arguing with a guard not far from him and when she noticed he was awake she smirked and came back to him. She straddled him and leaned her arms on his chest so her face was merely inches from his.
"Sure," He settled down, putting some of the children's shampoo in his hand and gently massaging it into Hamish's hair. The little boy, like his father, loved to have his scalp massaged and he sank simply into the moment. "The Grave of the Lost Solider is for a soldier named Tom. When the Pirate Prince told the Captain about his family, he forgot to order his troops to rest. So it was quite late in the day when they remembered they had to go to tea. Captain John hastily packed up all his soldiers and he and the Prince ran into the house for tea so they wouldn’t get into trouble. When they got there Aunt Georgina told them they looked so happy together that she would make the kitchen prepare their dinner so they could stay out on the grounds the rest of the day. She made them promise to be back by dark and they agreed." He continued washing Hamish, grinning as the boy seemed to completely relax. "When they got back to the gazebo they found the remnants of one of the soldiers, one Captain John had named Tom. The Captain was heartbroken and he felt very guilty. It seemed the gardener had come by just after the boys went to tea and run the little soldier over with the lawn mower. Prince Erik didn't like seeing the Captain look that way, so he offered to build a grave for the little soldier. They dug the hole just in the edge of the bushes so that the grave would remain undisturbed and they could visit it each year. Just after they finished burying the solider though the evil Prince Croft came along the walk! Prince Erik was unhappy about this and told the Captain to hide in the bushes, the Captain was surprised at that but he did as the Prince commanded. Erik meanwhile readied himself and then he jumped out, brandishing his sword at Prince Croft and said: 'Halt who goes there?!' Prince Croft simply crossed his arms and sighed until Erik pushed the sword towards his chest. 'You know who I am,' Croft replied, 'I'm your brother.' Erik snorted with laughter and cried out: 'I have no brother like you! You're a business man in a suit! I have only pirate brothers!' At this point Captain John began to giggle and Croft tried to see who was with Erik, but Erik ran him off. He wanted the Captain all to himself which pleased the Captain quite a lot. The two of them stayed out of the house until dark was really fallen around them and Aunt Georgina called them back. She was going to scold them for breaking the rules but the two of them were so happy when they came running in she forgot all about it and offered them cookies and milk instead." John grinned and scooped Hamish out of the tub, drying him off and putting clean clothes on him.
“You know full well I shall, and I shall not let anything happen to either of you,” Mycroft promised. He sipped his blood wine, watching the Mender carefully as he started to pace slightly.
“Lord Holmes, John… Why are you here?” Lord Moran demanded softly as he and Moriarty entered the room. “What has happened?
"I owe you a great apology brother mine. I understand we were just beginning to share in the blossoming of our own bond, however I cannot accept solace or physical comfort from you when my mate refuses even the slightest touch from me. This departure is abrupt and chaotic however if my John no longer wishes to be mine then I simply cannot bear to be here any longer." He nodded and continued towards the door, still unaware that below his feet John was shedding tears of his own as he began to understand what his distance had done to his love.
"I felt your passion, you pulled me into the dream." He flowed down over John, pinning him to the bed. "You wanted to see me, the real parts of me." He whispered, his hands running over John just above his body - in effect massaging his aura. John whimpered and leaned his head to the side automatically.
Mycroft slicked two fingers and pressed them inside John, enjoying how his shout was muffled into Sherlock's mouth. He watched as the lovers moaned and built each others' arousal to the point both of them were shaking with need. When Mycroft felt John was sufficiently stretched he pushed Sherlock forward, nudging him into position. Sherlock pressed into John moaning as he did, but it was nothing like the moan that ripped free of him as Mycroft pressed those two slicked fingers inside of
set up this entire thing. That he fabricated that story about me and that his web extends well beyond that one moment. We found one of the snipers he hired to target those I care for. Between Lestrade, Mycroft, and myself we were able to pin down that the spider is dead but the web lingers. Someone new is pulling the strings, following some plan he left behind. A plan that puts you more at risk than anyone else. That is why I was going to stay away, so there would be no connection for you to me. But..." His face tensed and John realized he was about to tell him something he'd not revealed to anyone else yet. "I don't think it would matter, I think you're already a target because you were already important to me." He sighed softly, looking down. "That's what changed and why I came back. Because I know now the only place I can protect you, is beside you." He tightened his hands over John's, trying to ground himself in the moment. "I know how he..."
"He is trying to plan for Moriarty's actions against the two of you." Mycroft sighed and smoothed John's hair back. "You must understand, Sherlock is not doing this to punish you little one. He is trying to save and protect you. He has not been diligent in your care, he has not taught you the ways of your powers or the ways of himself. I intend to punish him for that and see to it he does not do this to you again. However, if he sinks into one of these moods you may come to me for whatever you require." John sighed softly against him.
“I want your release.” Sherlock groaned, shoving his trousers down and pushing roughly into his love. John arched again, Sherlock leaning down and pushing his fangs into his neck as he set a harsh, claiming pace.
"Sherlock I need you to listen to me very closely right now, Hamish and John are in terrible danger from that man." Mycroft said softly, his voice dark. "I need to go in there before you even make your presence known. I can get Hamish out before any violence begins but in order to do that I need him to think you aren’t here. I need you to let me do this alone." His voice was stern, the two of them fighting an unspoken battle.
The entire flat shook, debris flew everywhere and the men were thrown in opposite directions. Sherlock slammed into Lestrade and the two of them collided with the wall in the kitchen. John was thrown hard into the couch and lay sprawled on the floor unconscious. Sherlock looked up, his forehead bleeding and his body ached everywhere. He couldn't get up, his body not responding with as disoriented as he was. Lestrade was out cold but didn't seem to be bleeding too much. But John was clear across the room and looked bad. He tried to make himself get up, struggling as his head swam and his vision came and went. Within minutes there were sirens. Sherlock saw two figured run into the room, dressed as medical staff but something was off. He knew then the game was on, but he still struggled. He still tried to get to John, desperate to keep him safe. They had John on a stretcher and out of the flat before Sherlock even got to his knees, but the sirens had only just arrived. He tried to say something as Donovan came in the room but everything went black.
By the time breakfast was over Hamish had egg on his face, syrup in his hair, and a huge smudge of grease across his cheek. John simply couldn't allow him to remain that way and stood to take him upstairs and give him a bath. Sherlock was left to pack John's forensics kit to be taken with them. John ran a bath for Hamish and set him in the tub, kneeling down beside it. The sleeves of his dark blue button down shirt were rolled up to the elbows and he had a towel draped over his shoulder. He used a cupped hand to gently run water over his son, grinning as Hamish tittered away about nothing. Finally Hamish looked at him with a serious expression.
"You would do well to remember what it is like to suffer the wrath of your brother. John has been nothing short of kind to everyone here and the two of you have seen fit to abuse that. He is a tender soul with compassion for all of us, we will not see him suffer so." George added darkly, before stepping back into the hallway.
"He's been muttering about you since he came in. I'm Doctor Lee; he'll be fine over all. His wounds aren't terrible." The doctor spoke very fast, obviously uncomfortable. "That shoulder wound is going to require a lot of care but we've already stitched it up. It'll likely take him awhile to be able to do anything with it. A few weeks and he'll be ready to start doing some physical therapy, but it may take up to six months for him to regain full use of it. Our records say he's a doctor, so if you'd prefer to have him released sooner rather than later I'm fine with releasing him to go home once we're sure he hasn't sustained any brain injuries. All the tests seem to suggest he's okay but without him being awake to ask, I want to keep him here overnight to be sure." The doctor was friendly and trying to lighten the look on Sherlock's face, but Sherlock didn't even look at him.
"It got worse." John sighed, of course it did. "The next year I got the letter from Sherlock saying that he wasn't going to be a pirate anymore because he was going to become a detective so that we could be friends again. It reopened the wound and I ran away from home for a week because no matter how I tried to fight it, I couldn't hide how badly it hurt me. Harry let me stay with her at the risk of her getting kicked out of her place. We talked a lot but she was still angry with me because I was still lying to myself about what I felt. By then I was so convinced I had lied to myself that I had a furious row with her. I asked her to guard the box of memories from that last summer here and she promised me she would. She put it in a safety deposit box but she lost the key because she was already a heavy drinker. Meanwhile I was being shipped off to Germany every summer to see my cousins, so we lost touch again for awhile. By the time I was seventeen I'd had enough of being there in that fucking house," John sighed when Sherlock tutted at him. "My parents were pressuring me to find a girl to marry and I'd already had at least fifteen girlfriends. I didn't want to get married, I didn't want the life they were trying to shove down my throat. But by then I had so disconnected from my own truth I didn't connect it with Dad's homophobia. I just knew I had to get out of the house. Harry had gone to an addiction center and she put me in contact with her old counselor who helped me file the paperwork to become my own guardian and I stayed in a hostel and worked part time until I could get into Uni. I got full scholarships because of my grades and I went straight from school into the military. No time for stopping, no time for second guesses. Harry and I became even more distant because I refused to accept her drinking and she refused to accept my lack of respect for myself. She hated how I'd found someone I loved so much and now I was reduced to a new girl every week, shagging her, and then leaving her because she wasn't good enough. I couldn't sustain a long term relationship..." He flushed a bit with shame and embarrassment because they were all looking at him with awe, pity, and some sort of adoration.
"I at least thought I did. When we were out on the grounds yesterday, I saw a shadow that looked to be about the right size and shape for his build when we were near the forest." John crossed his arms and Sherlock rounded on him, Hamish confused and sort of stuck in his arms.
"Oh yes. You two have been hiding lust for each other for much longer than I have been privileged to see it. I was glad to know you had become so comfortable with your own body to explore his." John promised as he slowly began to tug down Sherlock's trousers.
“So you did remain with us.” Sebastian purred as he leaned down and kissed John roughly. “It is a shame you did not wake until now, when I am leaving. You are to remain in your room, do not leave this room for anything. Meaghan will bring you your daily blood allowance. If I smell one trace of another on you when I return, you will wish for death.”
"Fucking hell," John's breath hitched in his chest again. John watched transfixed as Sherlock was suddenly out of his trousers and slowly slid his pants down. He was gorgeous. John groaned at the sight and had never wanted to touch someone so badly in his life. He moved without thinking and suddenly found himself on his stomach with his hands pinned behind his back in handcuffs.
He walked over and brushed the flour out of Sherlock's hair and wiped the damp towel he'd cleaned Hamish's face with over Sherlock's cheeks to remove some of the batter lingering there. Sherlock swept in and gave him a quick kiss, a wide smirk still playing at the corners of his mouth.
"Oh, yes." John leaned forward and sorted through the small stack of papers on the table with a furrowed brow. "It was right here." He continued looking as his confusion grew. Mycroft looked at Sherlock. Sherlock looked out the window and when he turned back there was a clear but unspoken conversation between the brothers. John raised his eyes from the table to Sherlock, who was looking firmly at Mycroft and did not see the look that passed on John's face. Mycroft however, did not miss it and asked his brother a silent question, raising his eyebrows.
“John!” Sherlock gasped as John’s mouth began exploring the skin of his thighs. John smiled into Sherlock’s skin, caressing his thighs and stomach as his mouth slowly moved up the others body. The kissed were reverent, almost as if John was worshipping Sherlock, but punctuated with possessive growls and occasional bites.
"Not now, Sherlock! He's been through a lot, he needs rest and he says someone is chasing him." Sherlock clicked his tongue impatiently. John put his hand on Jacob's leg, ignoring Sherlock's protests. "Wer ist das?" He asked again, directing Jacob to focus on him.
“How can you know that?” He stepped closer, already pulling of his jacket and undershirt. He would claim Sherlock and wipe that smirk off by making the other moan like a whore for release.
“Yes, something is coming, and it is bringing grief beyond any I have felt before; grief and darkness like none I have ever known. I need your word that you will stay beside Sherlock no matter what comes, that you will help him if something were to happen to me.” He paused a moment and then more quietly added, “That you will guide them both through the dark if it should pass that I am not there to help.” The weight of what John was saying felt like it was dragging Gregory under the waves. He knew John was serious, John was the only other to understand the delicate dance the Holmes men did to exist in the world. John was his closest companion and the idea of not having him there felt like a gaping wound.
"So you have a history of healing vampires before you even truly began your studies." Mycroft said thoughtfully.
"Sherlock do not be such a child, John was right to wait." He purred, softening his eyes slightly as he gazed down into John's face. John flushed slightly and found his breath hitched in his chest. "I am the authority in this coven and had he told you directly you might have flown off into a rage. Here we may all calmly deal with this together. So
“I am going to have you now, then while we are traveling I am going to make our companions think the vessel is coming apart as I unmake you.” Sherlock promised darkly, dragging John over to the bed.
He was finally out of his hospital gown and in a button down shirt that made him feel itchy. His mind was full of so many things, so many memories and thoughts that had raced through him over the last few days, that he still didn't quite trust himself to speak. He was also cold and thoroughly annoyed that he was not going to be able to fully take care of himself for quite some time. All he wanted was to be strong for Sherlock, but it seemed now at every turn he was failing. He looked down at his hands as aware that Sherlock was analyzing him again, trying to be completely sure he wasn't faking his health to get out of the hospital.
"He descended very close to the edge of death but I was able to save him, after which he swore an oath to me that I would always be protected by him. Once his full strength returned he spent lavish amounts of money in order to acquire a bulk of the ingredients necessary to cure his family and outfitted me with new clothing, a weapon, books, and other items I needed to continue in my studies. He worked with me for a month to perfect brewing of the potion and once we had a sufficient store built up he planned his return home. However before he could settle the potential of my accompanying him with my uncle, one of his guards arrived to inform him that several of his clansmen, including his daughter, had taken gravely ill." John stood and moved close to Sherlock only to be met with a growl. He looked hurt but walked back over, joining Mycroft as he motioned for him to take a seat next to him.
"I know." John's voice shook with emotion. "You completely pushed me away. The entire time she was there and after. It took months before you started to rely on me again. Baskerville was one of the first times after that that you actually opened up to me." John was tired and sighed.
." Sherlock whispered, slowly opening his eyes. "I was so comfortable until the noise of you thinking woke me up." John snorted.
"He is very ill." She barely breathed, her own concern evident in her tone. "No one has seen either of them leave the room since they last were with you. They have not fed and John looks as if he has not moved from the bed in days. He is icy to the touch and paler than ever."
John was rooted in place, he wanted nothing more than to call out to Sherlock, to somehow promise their safety or demand the detective prove that he was wrong. He could not find his words, his voice frozen inside as a wall of panic threatened to overtake him. He had nearly prayed he was reading the signs wrong, yet every moment drove them towards the darkness ahead. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, preparing himself to speak. He was denied the opportunity though, as Sherlock found what he was looking for. He clutched the piece of paper, staring at it as if to burn through it, and then darted down the stairs and out the door without a word. The silence that descended around the Mender was heavy and did nothing to help his mood.
This chapter has been haunting me for so long and I have had to pry it out of my head and onto the paper.
Sherlock’s voice faded and the connection broke. Before Mycroft could consider taking any action he realized, too late, the boat had been undocked and was setting sail. He clenched his fist and punch the crate in front of him in anger, breaking the wood.
"Why now, what changed your mind?" She asked cautiously, coughing and sighing about the level of dust.
"You are quite capable of moving about the flat, as you have been for several hours now. But you haven't really done things well, have you?" Sherlock realized almost as soon as he finished the statement that he likely should not have said it, but he didn't take it back. Instead his face tightened to show that he knew the wrongness, but he didn't soften at all - his anger and defenses also rising.
Sherlock pulled his shirt free of his shoulders and it went the way of the jacket, keeping his arms held behind his back as Sherlock trailed hot kisses over his chest. He paused to toy with each of his nipples, lavishing attention on them until John whimpered. Sherlock was desperate to touch and use him the same sort of desperation he'd had during their first time. He was claiming John all over again and it made John's knees feel weak. There was a flutter of motion behind his back and he felt the jacket fall to the floor, but when he tried to pull his hands forward he couldn't.
"Uhm... Well, yes." His confusion deepened and he looked up, surveying Mrs. Hudson as he tried to follow her train of thought.
The first message had included a picture clearly showing Sherlock the extent of John's chest and face. No major injuries looked present. That was enough to be going on with there. The second picture showed the John unconscious and tied to a chair. The syringe on the ground added the final clue that Sherlock needed about John's condition and instilled in him a greater rush of panic. The picture was deliberately vague but Sherlock already knew which of the warehouses it was. He pushed himself up out of the bed, determination crossing his face as he ripped off his hospital gown and started pulling on the clothes Mycroft had brought him. Sherlock started typing away at something on his phone and opened a web page, a smirk on his face as the map showed GPS coordinates for something.
"It was my pleasure." His eyes sparkled. "You're mine, John." He flipped them, pushing John into the wall. "Pure and simple. I will fiercely guard what is mine, don't take those words lightly."
"Something is wrong." Sherlock whispered, coming to stand in front of him. He narrowed his eyes, focusing his attention on John to analyze every detail about his face and posture.
Sherlock let himself soften his eyes betraying the change as he silently admitted that John was right. That John was well within his rights to feel as he did, though Sherlock didn't like it. He slowly slid his hands up onto John's trying to loosen John's grip on his shirt. He felt John relax just a little as John tried to accept that Sherlock was trying to change, to accept this new relationship.
“Anthea, fetch her some blood.” Greg said softly, moving towards her. The bundle groaned again and Mycroft’s energy shifted violently. He dashed forward, yanking the bundle from her arms and throwing the cloak off the person inside.
is safe, I don't care where she ends up. He needs that, more than I'm sure he'd be willing to admit to either of us. So now that we've cleared that up I'm going to go wake..." There were quick footsteps, the sound of dress shoes on tile as Sherlock rounded the corner.
The fight that ensued was loud enough every member of the coven heard it. Things were thrown and broken, glass shattering loudly as the two raged at each other. Sebastian laughed when John began to whimper as the sound of the fighting turned to sounds of passion. He forced John to crawl up the stairs and sit outside the door until he began to almost sob. He then, laughingly, took him to his shabby room and proceeded to break him down until almost nothing was left. John considered letting himself go over the edge into death, just letting go into the blissful darkness where the pain he was suffering would end. As he lay there, bleeding and broken for what had to be the millionth time, it seemed like such a wonderful thought. As he lay there, his will faltering, his mind took over and a memory began to play out. He felt both as if he was watching the scene and living it, as he lay there trembling. Sherlock standing before him and announcing to all of his family, their coven, and a mass of other attendees that he would always, for all eternity and beyond, love John. John tried to raise his arm to bat the memory away however his body was too heavy.
"I will. If we do get caught in the rain we should be able to make it back by the morning. Will you two be alright with Hamish?"
"Our John, Lady Elizabeth is here to see you." She began and John made an angry noise. Anthea held up her hand. "Wait but a little before passing judgment on the situation. She is quite distressed and she and her servant have begged an audience with you. She took to her knees to plead for it in fact. She is wearing a necklace like yours which she did not previously have and she seems to be of her own mind instead of swayed by others as she was before. I would urge you to come down to her if you can be troubled to see what injures her heart so."
"So desperate," Sherlock growled, biting down on John's ear. His mouth found purchase on the curve of his neck, suckling and biting with force as it did. John whimpered and moaned Sherlock's name, knowing that Sherlock was marking him. "Ask me again." He growled.
"That growl is just adorable." John smirked, knowing Sherlock would be broken from his thoughts. Sherlock stopped as they reached the car and looked down at John, clearly contemplating his options for answering. There was something absolutely indecent about his stare and John returned it with all he could.
"I'm not kidding." Sherlock stood and there was a chink of metal as the handcuffs landed on the bed. Sherlock placed a small black bag on the edge of the bed where he could reach it but John couldn't look into it.
"I had heard rumors that our mender was not recovering well. I investigated to find out what might have undone the progress it seemed you and your brother were making with him and I learned from Elizabeth the details of her previous visit, which I found quite distressing. As I had yet to hear from either of you regarding his progress I came with the hopes of speaking with the little mender." Moran sighed, his eyes hard.
"It was though, he suggested we do something funny to tease his uncle. I couldn't very well deny him that could I?"
“More lies?! Was he right about you?!” Sherlock demanded, freezing when John let out a wounded noise. He frowned, his heart aching at the noises coming from the mender but unable to stop the rage brewing in his heart. As he turned he realized the room was covered in pictures and other items that shouted memories of his happy life with John at him. He shuddered violently, none of the memories coming into his mind. He shouted in frustration and tore from the room, slamming the heavy door to the library loudly.
“Yes, apparently my father is involved.” John sighed and sank back. “I need to look at the case files." John's brain seemed to suddenly snap back to functioning and he turned to look at Sherlock with a piercing gaze as he stood and walked over to look out the window. "Why did we even come out here Sherlock? All the data was washed away years ago."
"Yea! Daddies tell me a story!" Hamish giggled, settling down in Sherlock's lap. Sherlock gently ran a finger over the small golden key around his neck - smirking as John's caught the light around his neck.
“A concession easily granted. We leave in a fortnight. We will spend a short time in France to ensure our Coven House there is in order, then we will finish his journey. You will travel to the coast in your carriage, however, I do ask that you remain with the group at all times.” He looked as if he would say more, but both noted how tightly John was gripping his chair.
"Oh stop it!" Sherlock grunted, finally breaking from his thoughts. "Stop being so damn sentimental." Hamish grunted and Sherlock looked sheepish.
." A voice cut through their moment and both of them snapped their heads to the side to look. "What a wonderful show of affection, I'm terribly sorry to interrupt."
"It's a lovely affair." John whispered to his cousin as they danced, her hands nervously smoothing his collar.
"Oh just go on and nag me some more when I'm enjoying the thoughts of all the wonderful things I could be doing to you." He strode over and kissed John passionately leaving his head reeling as he turned and picked up the plates of food. John took a few minutes to recover before he went back to cleaning the kitchen, letting the apologies finish before he came into the dining room.
"If we lose you, we'll never be okay." It was a childish thing to say but apparently it was the right thing because John caved. His body shrunk under the weight of the emotion that cracked him wide open once again.
"I have been waiting to show you this." John whispered, his eyes dark. "To show you that I have been studying and training my powers on my own. I was not idle while I was distant." Sherlock felt the spike of lust that shot through him as the sensations shifted and changed. John's aura swirling around and in him as the sensation of hands trembled over his body. All he could do was moan John's name in surprise. "I found the journal you keep hidden away within the library. The one you wrote while you were being trained by your mother. I also found the books you gathered during that time, those old dusty tomes that you had forgotten. I wanted to show you I could be strong for you. That I would one day be able to save you as you have me." His voice was soft but filled with lust as he shifted and pressed himself against Sherlock.
- John was unkempt, his hair wild, his clothes rumpled. He no longer cared about his appearance. He'd given up.
"Sherlock if anything happens to either of you..." John pulled back and looked up to meet Sherlock's gaze, surprised by the intense emotion lurking in those amazing eyes.
“You are the worlds’ foremost healer and Vampire Mender. You struggled through the ages of darkness without allowing your loyalty and spirit to break. You are fought over amongst Covens and world powers, yet you still do not give yourself the credit you deserve, my dear Watson.” Sherlock leaned in and kissed John fiercely. The kiss was desperate and pleading all at once, meant to claim and reaffirm at the same time. John tried to fight the rising desire within himself, to not give in to the small warmth of hope that grew in his chest. He prepared words to rebuke his lover's words, but they faded as Sherlock insistently continued to kiss and caress him.
"You two can come out now." Sherlock sighed as he set his bag down and took his cloak off wrapping it around John. John looked around in surprise as George and Anthea stepped from the shadows. "How long did it take my brother to realize my plan?" He demanded.
"I know." He said calmly, gently running his hands over John's arms. He could feel the moment both in John's muscles and in their growing Sire/Fledgling connection the moment he began to relax. "He has not fed save what small relief he has taken from you in many days. I instructed him to feed when you slept and he did not. He put you in danger, my little one. You could have passed into shadow." He whispered tenderly, his hand cupping John's cheek and holding his gaze. "He will return to you and I will allow him to claim you when the time is right as you forgive him and I trust your judgment. However John, my little fledgling - you must promise me one thing. If ever he hurts you, you feel afraid, or if anything happens to him come back to me. I will guard and protect you." His face was close to John's and John was surprised by the desire that rose in his chest, the desire to join their lips. He blinked very slowly before licking his lips and speaking.
"It is a contrived affair, however it is also a necessary evil. As you have no doubt noticed and been annoyed by, John bears a mark on his neck."
"Sherlock, you're acting a lot like you did when we were leaving the hospital before. I'm not going anywhere. We've worked this all out,
“It is true, my love. If the punishment is carried out as it should be he may not even maintain his fixation on us when he arises in fifty years.” Sherlock sighed, watching Mycroft closely.
"I'm worried about you, you daft bastard." John gripped his shoulders tightly, clinging to him. "If anyone hurts you..."
"We can't change what happened Mum. Dad was set in his ways and they almost killed us all. I am just glad it's over and we can get back to the way things should be." There was the sound of footsteps on the stairs and John looked up with a wide smile.
"I am. Elizabeth is a fine woman, John. I was wrong to consider her otherwise. She will make an excellent mother. Do you not like bloodwine? This is an excellently aged one, it was made from Sebastian's daughter's blood." He sounded friendly enough and though warnings blared in the back of John's mind he found himself inclined to take a deep drink.
"There is no correct or incorrect way to feel right now, our mender. If you wish to be alone or if you wish us to remain close either is natural and acceptable." Mycroft offered, keeping a bit of distance but offering warmth and comfort in his words and actions. "If you wish us to remain near you we are able and willing. If you wish us to let you rest alone, we shall. Whatever you need from us is what you shall get."
"I'll send a messenger to the Duke in a short while. He will likely reply with haste and once we have received his word we will begin your preparations for your holiday in Paris. I believe a slight change of plans is in order, we shall have your public marriage before you go. You two will then go to Paris to celebrate on your own. Then you will return here and we shall proceed forward. We must be mindful to watch out for Moriarty, he is planning something."
“It must have been some of Moriarty’s men,” Greg answered curtly, looking towards the shadows. “I saw him talking to them just before Sherlock came up to speak with you, Mycroft. It is no longer safe for us out here tonight; let us return to your manor.”
"What did I do?! You did this!" John began to launch himself towards the man, but was restrained at the last moment by his husband, who wrapped him tightly in his arms.
"But he was concerned about them shooting me…" He whispered to himself, remembering each detail of the incident whether or not he really wanted to. He shook himself out of the memories. He was just being stupid. He jumped up, suddenly he feeling boxed in. He finished dressing and walked out, putting on his coat just as Mrs. Hudson came up the stairs.
"Lestrade went to find out Kitty's status and is on his way up here. I want to know what happened Sherlock; I want you to tell me all of it." Mycroft was not asking.
Anthea stood at the end of the hall, out of sight, watching the scene before her. A disheveled Sherlock stood on the outside of the library, pounding on the door, frustration clear in his voice and his actions. She sighed, this was the hundredth time she'd witnessed this same situation occur and she could tell how it wore down both the mender and his mate each time.
“N-no my Lord,” John forced out weakly. “I merely bumped into another vampire while on my allowed walk this evening. I apologize.” He kept his eyes down, shivering violently as he did.
"I wonder if you're as adept at giving orders elsewhere." Sherlock's voice was soft but commanding, challenging him. Just like that John's brain short circuited and he almost launched himself across the table. Sherlock's eyebrow raised as he watched the effect his words had on John. John reached for his beer and sipped it slowly, trying to keep his mind from following Sherlock's into the passionate inappropriateness he was leading him towards. He'd found himself thinking about that very scenario quite a bit throughout the day and he wasn't sure he was quite ready to find out the answer. Sherlock took another sip of his wine before adding: "Though something tells me the opposite is true." He whispered it so softly John almost missed it. He turned very red and suddenly found a spot on the wall to be very fascinating, choking slightly on his beer.
“He is?” Mycroft sat up, looking at John eagerly. Sherlock's interest was also clear on his face as he took a seat in front of John.
"Uh, arrangements," John sat up fully. He ran his hand over his face a few times trying to push the sleep from his eyes. "Did you call him last night?" Sherlock smirked as he watched John try to force his sleep addled brain into action.
"Because I didn't want anyone to think that I ever doubted you for even a moment." His chest heaved with his breath, both of them tight with anxiety, sorrow, and love. John's breathing was forced. He was measuring it as best he could.
John's transformation is almost complete and there are just a few things remaining to take care of before he belongs completely to his new family.
" Sherlock focused on Mycroft, his thoughts fluttering into his brother's mind. His voice still sounding small and terrified.
