Seeing the discouraged look starting to form on Sherlock’s face, and he crawled up and pulled him over into his arms. “Don’t be daft. You barely just started. It’s bound to be like that at first.” He ghosted his fingers up and down Sherlock’s spine for a while before continuing, “Don’t worry about it. As long as you liked it, it’s all good. Did you? Like it, I mean. Mm, that sounds insecure of me. But... well, if you didn’t like it, you should tell me. I don’t want to have the wrong idea... Sherlock? Hey. Sherlock.”
“Yes, that too.”
“Probably still worth it. Besides it’s not like you’d think twice about dru...um...”
“So your mind won’t stop long enough for you to focus on your body....”
Sherlock brow and nose scrunched up as John’s voice trailed off and a moment later he realized what direction the man’s eyes had been looking when he’d lost his ability to speak.
“Mr. Mysterious. I bet you can dance like a proper gentleman too. All waltzes and such.”
It was clear to him now that he found ending his intimacy with Sherlock so distressing that he could hardly seriously entertain the idea of it without panicking. And where did that leave him? Could he never have a girlfriend? A relationship? Only with people open to this sort of thing, he supposed, but how many of them existed? How likely would that be to work out? Christ, was he doomed to be alone for the rest of his life if he stayed with Sherlock?
“I’m not sure if I should be flattered or worried you’re comparing me to drugs.”
So John most definitely wanked to the memory of what they’d done together. For the most part, he felt the same about it as he did when he thought about former girlfriends. The main difference was that they were still living together. It was a bit odd, but he didn’t see a reason to feel bad about it. He wondered if Sherlock did the same. He hoped so. Vane of him, he knew that.
“Would you like some more real life experience?”
Finally Sherlock stood, his posture designed to retain as much dignity as possible. He took the towel he’d been sitting on, secured it around his waist, and strode past John disappearing into the bathroom.
“Aid?”
John shook his head. In fact, he did need a piss.
“Ahhhh!”
Sherlock returned to the sitting room some time later, though in less time than John would have taken if it were him. He was once again fully dressed, even wearing his favorite dressing gown. John got the distinct impression that he was attempting to appear unfazed. He supposed most people would believe it.
That triggered another round of laughter.
“Be more specific.”
“You would actually look after it? Help train it so it doesn’t tear up the flat? Buy its food?”
“’M not angry. Do you pay attention to that? Sometimes I think you mus’ know evrything about how I do that. Or maybe you don’t even notice that at all. Can’t tell.”
“Good,” John stated with all his military gruffness infused into the single word.
Immediately the looks of confusion switched to comprehension. Hillock let out a shocked whistle. Which was shortly followed by a shouted, “I bloody knew it!” from Murray.
“Doesn’t matter.”
Other than the increased physical contact Sherlock had started, what took him much longer to notice was that he himself was initiating it too now. Sometimes John was the one to reach for the hug. He’d taken to ruffling Sherlock’s hair as he passed him when he was sitting. He found his hand tended to settle on the back of his neck when they both peered at a laptop. Sherlock seemed to be fine with it, so John just kept letting it happen.
“Could be both.”
Sherlock just raised an eyebrow.
Approximately one second after he pulled back, John saw the look of realization flash over his features. But whatever other reaction he might have had was a mystery, because he was out the door in a flash. Leaving John to do damage control. Of course.
“So....”
“Point taken. And you?”
“He’s on the pull.” Sherlock deadpanned.
“Hm? Oh. Um. Ava. Yeah, she probably wouldn’t be happy about all this. Not statistically likely.”
“You say ‘that’ a lot. Yes, have observed the indicators of your habits and can deduce some information about your.... um... frequency, duration, some... subjective preferences, environmental factors that influence when you want to do ‘that’.”
“Have you ever actually done it?”
Sherlock started shifting about oddly. Like wriggling, but slower. John thought he might be uncomfortable and fidgeting, but then he reached back and ran his fingers along his hip. Oh. Sherlock was feeling John’s skin and was using his whole body to do it. He remembered the sensation of a warm naked body against his own must be new for him. Couldn’t blame him for that. Sherlock’s body felt new to him too.
“Ok. Good. That’s good. Um, how would you... feel about... stopping.”
“Nah. I assumed you’d be gone like you have been lately, so I chanced it bringing her here. No dice.”
“Well, save them the hassle,” John replied as he hurried to fetch the lube.
Now that the lube was properly coating it, John took hold of Sherlock’s cock in a firm grip and started to wank him properly - slowly at first. He bucked and writhed and made breathy “uh, uh, uh,” sounds. All of which was quickly ratcheting up John’s already high arousal level. Then John sped up his stroking. Immediately Sherlock’s body started to tense and he knew the man was on the brink. He remembered to rub his thumb over the glans on the upstroke... and then Sherlock was shaking and crying out, his cock jerking in John’s hand.
But without something to deduce, Sherlock grew silent again. And as John hadn’t a clue what to say either, it continued.
“John, don’t pander t-“
“It is. This is from James Bond. I knew it. I knew you didn’t delete it.”
It turned out that was all the permission the man needed. It seemed that Sherlock was indeed very fond of expressing his joy with a quick peck every now and then. John just went with it. Sherlock had always been tactile when he was excited, though the hugging and kissing had previously been exclusive to Mrs. Hudson.
John merely chuckled and began caressing Sherlock’s thighs. He put a bit of pressure and guided him to lean back against him and open his legs. Now John could reach the sensitive inner skin. With the two of them so close, he could feel and hear Sherlock’s every reaction. He was definitely responding. John brushed over his nipples again and that got a choked off sound from the man’s throat.
“Right.”
He slid his hand into Sherlock’s hair and brought him down for filthy kiss. “I want to see you come like that again. Take your clothes off. Come on.”
“And then he pulled the rabbit out of the box like the most smug magician you’ve ever seen. I thought the woman eyes would pop right out of her skull.”
“Is that a good thing? Do you like it?”
“And I’m just hearing about this now because...?”
“Is there a trick to it?”
“Ok.... .... Um.... “ John had to think a moment about the conversation. “I didn’ even know if you wanked.”
Sherlock scoffed and John knew he was going to telling him to be more specific again.
“Alright?”
“Ok, so you say you’ve tried. And you weren’t successful. Ok...” John took a moment to gather his thoughts. “First idea. Was it because you felt pressure to finish before I returned?”
“Do you suppose I’m still a virgin?”
And how would Sherlock feel about this? Would he even care? He’d seemed worried about it before. A bit anyway. What if he did care? What if separation would hurt him too? John’s stomach turned at thinking about hurting his friend. Wait, would Sherlock possibly be averse to continuing how they’d been if John were sleeping with a girlfriend? He didn’t seem to be the type for sexual jealousy. Jealous of his time, most definitely, but... It was all so confusing with the ifs and maybes. Fuck, how did everything get so complicated?
That was a huge plus in her favor, in fact. He was so busy having a nice time that it took far longer than it should have for something important to occur to him. He liked her. No, that wasn’t the revelation. But he liked this woman. And he didn’t get the vibe that she was purely interested in one night of lust. He thought they were really hitting it off. Their date wasn’t even quite finished and he was already looking forward to another one. And then presumably there would be another one after that. And definitely sex soon, though probably not tonight. All that possible future was running happily in the back of his mind.
“No, of course not. Jesus, does everyone think I’m in the closet?”
“John! Oh, John, I’m coming, I’m coming. Ungh!”
“See. Dick.”
“You’ll just have to take my word for it.”
“God, no.”
Sherlock stopped pulling that act he did when the topic of sex was brought up. You know, the one where he blinks in a confused ‘this is not a conversation I know how to navigate safely’ sort of way. Or sometimes he just pretends it’s beneath his notice and changes the subject. Yeah, that stopped. At least around John.
Then they were kissing again. Kissing and laughing and rolling about. John wasn’t sure how long they kept at it, but eventually they slowed for a moment. Sherlock’s face hovered over his own. His eyes were bright and he wore a happy grin that John felt compelled to mirror. His hair was in wild disarray. It was like when he’d spend all day moping on the sofa in his pajamas and then suddenly spring up announcing they had a case, a good one, and what are you waiting for John the game is on, oh, it’s Christmas!
John chewed on his lip. He did have a couple of ideas... But he really wasn’t sure he wanted to suggest them.
“Possibly.”
John walked up the stairs to their flat. He was home a few hours early due to a marvelous plumbing disaster at the clinic. The whole place had flooded. He wasn’t sure how long the building would be out of commission and he was already hoping a good case would keep him busy for the time being. Maybe he’d walk into their flat and find Sherlock talking to him like he thought John had been there the whole time and then he’d pout that he’d have to repeat himself, the git. John grinned fondly.
John considered it. “Well... I think we just had sex... so I guess you’re not.”
“So was sharing a flat with a charming madman you’d just met.”
“How’s that then?” John challenged, crossing his arms.
“And if we get a lead? Are you going to go out with that for everyone to see?”
They continued swaying back and forth, John getting used to following along with the music.
His posture was defensive. John tried to choose his words carefully.
“...Yeah.”
Sherlock manically scrubbed his hands over his face and through his hair. “I’m fine.”
A weak or so later Greg invited John to a pub night, to which he readily agreed. He thought it was best for his sanity to do normal things away from Sherlock on occasion, to keep some perspective. So they drank and chatted and did miserably at a pub quiz. Greg inquired about how Sherlock was doing, so John regaled him with his latest shenanigans.
“Watson? You and posh boy here...?” asked Mangal.
John didn’t exactly ignore Greg’s advice. It wasn’t as if he were actively putting their conversation out of his mind. But neither did he make an effort to sit down and have a good think about it. He didn’t see the point. Didn’t see why it was so important to Greg anyway. John was satisfied with his life with Sherlock. Things were comfortable. Exciting. Peaceful in the chaos in that way John craved. He was happy being what they were and didn’t want to worry what other people expected them to be.
“Not really. Kinda. You’re always so mysterious about things. You know when my dates have gone well or turned crap without me saying a word, and that’s the tip of the iceberg. But I don’ even know if you’ve ever had a date... ever. Or what you like or anythin’. I can’t just know things like you do. So I don’t know things.”
“Courage at the cost of brain cells.”
“Yes, sorry. I know it’s not my place to tell people and we said we wouldn't, but he asked. He’s a detective and I’m not exactly skilled at lying.”
The row turned into a wrestling match on the sitting room rug, which ended with Sherlock’s energy dwindling into a large yawn. And so he decided settle down onto John’s chest for a nap. Yes, he actually did that.
“In many variations.”
When he returned with the bottle, Sherlock was bare chested with his trousers below his hips and looking ridiculously appealing despite his fidgeting. John retook his position over him and immediately fisted his cock with his now slick hand.
“Look, Greg, it’s... Christ, that’s not what you think it is. Really.”
“No.”
Ava noticed his distraction and asked if there was something wrong. He snapped back to the moment and assured her everything was fine. He focused on her and determined he would take the time to examine the state of things later.
“Oh? Am I?” John ran his fingers down, teasing lower and lower, hinting at far more naughty things he could be doing with his fingers there.
The case was solved and they were back in London in less than 48 hours.
The Holmes brothers were at each other again. Yes... shocking. Mycroft was demanding that Sherlock agree to meet up with their parents who would be visiting London in a few days. John was trying to hide his curiosity about who could possibly have raised these alien men in his sitting room.
“Oh? That’s... um.”
“Hands free orgasm.”
“No, I don’t.”
Sherlock’s moment of alarm passed. “As if they’ve never cleaned ejaculate before,” he scoffed.
“Wartenberg wheel?”
All the while, the thought that kept pinging away in the back of John’s mind was that Sherlock hadn’t ever really had sex.
“Sherlock.”
“Breath, Sherlock.” John had crept forward and put his hands on the distressed man’s shoulders. “We’ll sort it out,” he tried to sooth his friend with a calm voice. He put his hand on his own chest and encouraged Sherlock to watch him breath. He exaggerated his inhales and exhales so he would follow John’s example.
After finishing up, he wandered out to see what all the noise was about. All of the furniture had been pushed to the sides of the room and Sherlock was gliding around the open space, humming to himself. He was wearing John’s favorite purple shirt with the sleeves rolled up to reveal his forearms. John liked to run his fingers along the skin there.
“Well, yeah, but I think that happened a while back when I walked into my flat expecting to find my posh git friend in his posh suit, but instead I got the image of pale Englishman, a red cock, and an ecstatic O face.” John nudged him playfully.
“Oh.”
“What? Oh... you mean - you’re asking if I want you to, um...”
“Pajamas are for sleeping.”
“Just leave it!” Sherlock growled.
“I hadn’t really thought it through, if I’m honest.”
At least it gave a clearer picture of his options. And where did that leave him now?
“I CAN’T!” Sherlock shouted back, clearly at his wit’s end.
“Oooh, did he do something? Like something weird that put you off?”
“I should hold my tongue or I’ll just feed your ego.”
“If I weren’t so well rested, my transport would hardly be capable of... ‘this’,” he hissed, gesturing to the offending appendage.
“Said you wanna come. Skin. More skin. Mmmm. Do it.”
“Jesus, take a breath.”
“Well, then do it!”
John continued to tease him at irregular intervals. He’d drag his finger tips from Sherlock’s wrist to his elbow one time, scratch his nails across a nipple the next. He’d just barely brush up against Sherlock’s erection every now and then, or trace the seam of his arse.
“Ok, that’s... another question cleared up.”
“Why not? Because he’s a man? Because if that’s it, fuck’s sake John, I think I might actually become violent with you.”
“Too right.”
“Shit.”
“Oh. If, uh, if you want to stop at any point, you just have to say. I promise I will.”
And it felt good. The tension drained from him. It was like he’d been holding himself in parade rest and now he could finally relax. He slid his arm around Sherlock’s back and pulled him closer. The other man got the hint and tangled his legs with Johns.
“Indeed. True to form... 3C.”
“You know, no hands...”
“You take turns askin’ people if they want t’ answer a question or perform an act. The point is fer it to be embarrassing. It’s an escuse to say or do things you secretly wanto.”
And that got John’s mind spinning. How? Sometimes they wanked normally and then let go (or someone else wanked them and let go), sometimes they didn’t touch themselves at all, sometimes there was electronic devices involved (that one he understood the how). But he himself had never done anything like that and wondered how they ‘got there’ and why people did it.
“Is that why you researched it? You felt like you were at a disadvantage compared to me?”
John snorted. “Except I know he’s not. He’s made that clear, in fact.”
“I...” John decided to just roll with is. “Yeah, sure.” And he proceeded to the shower where he indeed had a lovely wank thanks to his adrenaline high.
“Oh! But something like th-?” John grinned.
Sherlock nodded and moved to stand up. John hastily shifted to make room.
“Are you really saying you’re not a couple?”
“Git.”
“Ok, can you tell me why you don’t think that’s it?”
“Wait, I heard that you two were...”
An hour in, John was congratulating himself at what a smashing success it was turning out to be. Though he acted disgruntled as the main form of entertainment seemed to be his fellow soldiers telling all the most embarrassing stories about him. Sherlock was soaking up the information with glee in his eyes. John got them back with his own tales - he gave as good as he got.
“But... you’re famous.”
“I’m John Watson, I’ve shagged on three continents an’ I’m so very not gay. Not his boyfriend.”
‘Because I need to brush my teeth. Yes, I’m aware you’re in the shower, how is that relevant? Why would I waste time waiting for you to finish? I have to get to Bart’s as soon as possible, I want to experiment on freshly dead brain tissue. I can’t even see you, so if your issue is, as I suspect, actually about being caught wanking, just be quiet and your problem is solved. Of course I’ll still know, but then I always do. Besides which you’ve seen me do it. Oh please, you’re not even actually going to do it in the shower today. You were planning on later tonight in bed. Then what IS the point, John? I would be finished already if you hadn’t decided to be so difficult. You’ve only succeeded in wasting my time and letting the water get cold. Serves you right.’
“That’s the one.”
“Alright.”
Ok, so John hadn’t technically lied when he said Sherlock was good in bed. He just never really got the chance to find out for sure, though he was certain he would be good at sex given the chance. John was more concerned about defending Sherlock’s reputation. Greg was being a complete tosser.
“For all you know, I might actually be a sexual deviant.”
“I personally always figured he was gay,” Greg announced smugly.
John pressed his face into Sherlock’s chest and tried to process everything they’d said to each other. There was a lot to unpack.
“I’ma show off. I ‘magine people like t’ see me. I like t’.... watch too.”
“I mean...” John moved his hand deliberately towards Sherlock’s flies, going slow enough that Sherlock knew his intention. “If you’d prefer I, um, get you off... I could. I mean I’d like to.”
“Yeah, I do. So no more talking about me finding someone else and leaving you. I’m not looking for anyone else.”
“You’re not pissed off Greg knows?”
“Yes. And now you’re imagining it. Stop it.”
Sherlock finally relaxed in the embrace and brought their foreheads together. “Still, it might be hilarious to see the horror on my parents’ faces if I told them that our tale of domestic bliss began the day you walked in on me masturbating on the settee.”
And it was probably the alcohol making him impulsive, and he would apologize to Sherlock later because they’d never discussed being open about what they were to each other, but... he didn’t want to keep it to themselves anymore. Sherlock meant the world to him and he should be able to say it.
When he finally quieted, John gently let him go and tried to discreetly spit out the semen into the nearby towel. Of course Sherlock noticed.
“It is incredibly time consuming to find pornography that isn’t ruined by the deductions I make about the people in it. And none of the videos I’ve already found are doing it for me at the moment. Why are you looking at me like that?”
“You’ve always treated me as a fully functional human being - mostly - despite other opinions to the contrary. Are you shocked that I am capable?”
“God, alright. He asked if the reason we aren’t at it like rabbits is because you’re... weird in bed.”
“Sherlock, stop. Don’t do that.” He stood and moved to stand in front of the other man, putting one hand on the side of his jaw and the other on his arm. “Can we please really talk about this?” He rubbed at the edge of his soft curls. “Please. I can tell you at least aren’t ambivalent about it. I wasn’t even sure about that until right now. It’s just hard to know what you’re thinking and you’re always so touchy about sentiment.”
Perhaps it was an army thing, or just a bloke thing, but when you find out one of your mates hasn’t been laid in a long time or ever, well.... it becomes your mission to fix that for him. But John wasn’t sure Sherlock would appreciate any meddling of that sort. Still, he couldn’t shake the thought.
John let out a slow breath. “This is a terrible idea.”
NOT someone who is afraid of him, nor someone who wants to.... dominate him? Or did he? What had Sherlock said exactly? The Woman would want him to beg, that he remembered clearly because she said it herself right in front of him. So no begging. Or humiliation. That was it.
“I thought we had a deal. I gave you plenty of time.”
He pushed Sherlock to the sofa and laid him down. His lips hovered over the man’s red flushed penis. He gave the head a single tantalizing lick before moving lower. He sucked a few bruises into Sherlock’s thighs before bringing his hands behind the man’s knees and lifting his legs up. He exposed Sherlock’s sensitive bum and bit down.
“So, you plan for us to continue living together for the foreseeable future....”
“Well, he’s undecided actually..... Oh, shit. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“Work with me here. On a scale of one to ten, how opposed are you?”
“Very progressive, John.” Sherlock finally looked up and locked eyes with his friend. “Why’re you so defensive when people think you’re with me?”
They set another date in just under a week from their first one. Meanwhile John spent much of his free time thinking things over. Sherlock could tell something was up and John could see his uncertainty about it. But for once, he wasn’t pressing for information.
“I see. So as not to appear homosexual.”
“You know a lot more about me than I know about you. And you don’t even have to catch me at it to know all that.”
“Is that often a problem for you?”
Sherlock turned his head to glare at John. “You slipped me something.”
Lestrade nearly spit his beer out at that comment and started coughing. He got a few thumps on the back as he gave John a significant look. Molly, who was sitting shyly next to him, looked nervously back and forth between Greg, John, and Sherlock.
“What ways?”
“Does it feel good?” he asked as he stroked the soft skin.
“You can have the first shower, John. You’re dying for a good wank. It’ll relax you and then you’ll pass out for good long while.”
“Apparently I’m a better liar when I’m hacked off. Besides, it wasn’t actually lying.”
“Shut up.”
John felt Sherlock’s deep laugh reverberated in his chest, and he realized they were flush against one another. He didn’t remember when that had happened.
A wry smile tilted Sherlock’s lips. “I dunno if my fantasies are exotic. Hate t’ disappoint.”
“And why would you need my help? You’ve never had any trouble. Now keeping a woman, that’s a different game all together. And one with which I couldn’t possibly provide any assistance.”
Sherlock opened his eyes as his shudders dissipated. He watched John with a lazy expression and appeared relaxed and content. His arms were draped loosely around John’s shoulders and he didn’t know when that had happened. He gave in to the impulse to kiss him and Sherlock happily responded in kind.
“Are you worried you’re not straight anymore?”
“You would know.”
“I think about you on the sofa, cock touching nothing but air, coming and coming.”
And John was tremendously relieved to know that Sherlock was just as emotionally invested in their friendship. He called it his ideal even. What exactly did
“Oh.”
“I guess I just didn’t know how you did that. Or why. I’m not saying you hafta tell me. That’s jus why I looked it up, alright? And turns like the whole internet knows about this stuff but me, n I’m an idiot.”
“My story is.... a bit... Well, similar but not... I dunno if wholesome is the right word.”
“Let’s get a dog together,” Sherlock implored.
“This isn’t exactly proper form for a waltz, is it?”
It was starting to be somewhat difficult to hide their developing intimacy in public.
“You devil. Go on then, genius. Show off for me.”
“I’m not.”
“You like kissing.”
“You know the unit still talks about you,” said Murray. “Biggest mystery of all time how Watson managed to snatch up a lady wherever we went. Short ugly bugger like him.”
“Tha’s more’n I been able to figure out in the whole time I known you.”
“If you feel it’s an appropriate title.”
“Fiiine,” Sherlock drawled dramatically and hoisted himself to his feet. He tugged John up too, but didn’t let go of his wrist. He towed John towards his bedroom, eyes already half shut.
“A bit rude, don’t you think. You could have kept your pants.”
“Did he hurt you?” John felt quite a bit more sober all of a sudden.
“Sorry to disappoint, but I don’t know the first thing about proper dancing.”
“No, she heard us. Baked celebratory scones the next day, looking pleased as can be. Why are you all so determined to shove us together?”
“I’ve not entirely decided.”
“I guess it would be. What did you expect?”
“You... are a valuable asset in my life and work.”
“Let me. If you want it, let me.”
“I’m experiencing some of the physiological symptoms, but I’m unable to definitively confirm it.”
And there was attraction too. It wasn’t overwhelming passion, the stuff of Shakespeare, but there was no doubt Sherlock was talented and John was attracted.
“What will you tell her? Your first date went perfectly.”
“Why? You get bored easily.”
“It is preferable to before.... Do you like it?”
When Ava called the next day, John readily agreed to meet her again. Sherlock teased him about his artificial pheromones - ‘It’s cologne, Sherlock’ - and his special date shoes. He actually refused to let him go out in the shirt he’d chosen and practically frog marched him back upstairs to change into something tolerable. ‘She won’t appreciate you looking like a geology teacher, did you not see the cut of her skirt? If you’re going to commit to this waste of time, at least make an effort, for god’s sake, or you won’t even get sex out of it.’ John had snapped back that not everyone was a posh git who fancies himself a fashion expert. And so he left an overgrown pouting child detective to his experiments - ‘The case hinges on it, John’ - and set out, looking forward to a pleasant date.
And then Sherlock looked panicked, silently pleading for John to not reveal how they started down the path they were on. The blush was rising in his cheeks.
No matter. It was easily dealt with. He was fully ready for a quick self-pleasure session as he re-entered his bedroom. However, it transpired that John was still there, sitting on the side of his bed, obviously working up the will power to get up.
Silence grew as they both fidgeted, then Sherlock spoke, “Perhaps it would be more familiar to you if we were laying on the bed with my back to your front. I believe people call it a reach around. Does it count as a reach around if you’re not actually penetrating me?”
“You mean it in a good... or bad way?”
“What gave it away?” John tilted his head back glumly and closed his eyes, already picturing the dejected wank he’d being having later.
“Hm? Wha... oh. Well...”
“My coat is long enough to conceal anything untoward.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. You’ll already be doing the shopping, you can get its food. It’s illogical to have me go as well. A waste of time.”
“Oh, yeah, sorry. Distracted by... well she got the worst of it. They said stuff ‘bout me too. Y’know, the firs’ time it happened, Harry was mad at me? Yeah, she was always so angry at evrone.... Said I only punched that bloke so no one’d think I’s a fag like her. Always had a mouth on ‘er.”
A few mates from his army days were going to be in town this year, so John decided to invite them along with all his friends round the pub. He didn’t fancy the idea of inviting them to their flat. Sherlock was territorial and became agitated by too much socializing in his space. No doubt including strangers in the mix would make it worse. So a pub it was.
“Especially if I’m no use on cases anymore.”
“Turns out you didn’t have to. I was too worked up.”
“They are known to lower people’s blood pressure with their mere presence. People who own pets live longer -“
“No missing subtext. Just a hand job. Though, actually, if there’s something you need ‘in the moment’ that would help get you to, um, orgasm, I’m fine with adding things to the table. Oh, and... no, you don’t have to do anything. I mean with reciprocating. You can if you want. I mean you can touch me however you... Just, whatever you feel like.”
“Yes, mmm, I like the sensation better.”
Sherlock blushed hard. “I - That’s... um - oh!” John licked the underside of his testicles.
“So will we be adding this to the long list of dates I’ve ruined for you?”
Sherlock was always telling him he worried too much about what other people thought anyway. He was right.
“I think we can drop the formalities. I doubt we’ll be entering any competitions.”
“And how would you know?”
“It’s fine. He’s going to be annoying for the foreseeable future though.” John glanced at him. He looked unsettled. “What is it?”
Then there was his behavior. John worried that he was stereotyping now that he had an indication that Sherlock was possibly gay. Maybe. But it seemed that his friend’s mannerisms and speech had become just a bit more... feminine? Possibly. He wasn’t sure. Was he seeing things? Or was the man just posh? He kept these thoughts to himself.
“Do you believe in love?” John asked abruptly.
“Have you even talked about it?”
“Did you tell him the circumstances leading up to the ‘friendly hand job’?”
“I think it’s best I just leave.”
“Typical.”
“Well, he talks about sentiment like it’s some kind of disease. A weakness. He hates it when people try to flirt with him. One time, when we first met, he thought I was trying to do. He told me he was married to his work and didn’t want that sort of thing. So you see, I know that’s not on the table.”
“Don’t worry about it,” John rushed out. “Sorry if I made you feel... stupid.”
Honestly, the fear in his eyes ruined the moment. And these were among John’s favorite parts of working with his best friend. It might be stupid, but it made him feel like he was more than just a tag along.
“It’s his business, not something I should be telling people. Bloody buggering fuck, I’ve been drinking and... shit.”
“Realistically, I don’t see how it matters.”
“No, I... I don’t know why I did that. I’m not trying to, um...”
“You two would go to the ends of the Earth for each other. You can’t say you don’t love him.”
John smiled against his back and hoped that this felt as good for him as it sounded. Then Sherlock spread his legs a bit wider and firmly pressed backward against John’s groin. He groaned into his skin. Well, wasn’t that brilliant. John took that as a signal and stopped holding himself back. He ground his hips forward, slotting himself between two arse cheeks and wishing he wasn’t wearing any pants. “God.”
John sucked him like a lolly, taking his time to map the area with his tongue. Sherlock was getting desperate and starting to keen. He finally took pity on him and slid down to engulf his cock in soft wet heat.
of my time working the case in order to ‘sleep’. I’m not about to lose more time just to preserve your precious sensibilities. This IS your fault.”
“Are you promising me forever, John? Have we stumbled into one of your ridiculous movies?”
“Sometimes.”
“I’m aware that it appears that way from an outside perspective. Were I to deduce information from our interactions as a third party, I would most likely come to that conclusion. That aside, there is more telling evidence to support it. I’ve allowed myself to become vulnerable. Several times now, criminals have used you to get to me. And they were correct that it is a weak point. Yet I don’t try to eliminate it. That is, I believe, a clear example of sentiment. I’m not suppressing it. However, I have been wary of showing it outwardly. As for what I want... I told you. I prefer things how they are.”
“Oh! Oh, that’s... perfect.”
“I’ll keep that in mind. All of it in mind.”
“Oh.”
Sherlock sighed. “Mummy will see it on me, especially if she sees you as well. And then the interrogation will start. They’re already intensely curious about you since they found your blog. They’ll want to know every detail of our ‘relationship’. They’ll be so excited that their boy is finally acting like a fully functional human being. They’ll expound upon how hard it is for them to worry about me being alone, and how happy they are that you’re here to save me from myself. They’ll want to know how we met, and anniversary dates, and how I managed to catch a respectable doctor. They won’t understand. They won’t want to. They’ll want it all to fit in a neat box.”
“The defnition of date is too nebulous to categorize.”
Sherlock barked out a laugh as well. “It may take years. But at least I’ll have a partner.”
“I had a friend. Well, I thought he was... Remember friends an’ people... not my area.”
Sherlock grimaced.
“Yeeeessss. And?”
“Half of the yarders think that’s the reason you two aren’t together, yeah. The other half think you’re secretly shagging. A few think Sherlock’s asexual.”
“Well, not so much, no. But, it would be new to you, right? Could keep your attention?”
Without thinking about it too much, he decided to wrap his arm around Sherlock’s chest and enjoy the afterglow, pressing himself snugly up against him. He absentmindedly stroked patches of skin here and there, listening as their breathing and heart rates returned to normal. He wondered if he should check that his friend was ok. His body felt relaxed, but John couldn’t see his face. It was his first time being touched like this, after all.
“Even if you went through with it, it wouldn’t work.”
“Doesn’t take Sherlock Holmes to see that wasn’t your first kiss.”
“Have you ever? With anyone?”
“As well as other inflatables.”
“That inconsid’rate piece o’... ok, wait, staying calm. Staying ration’l. The wine’s not helping.” John made an enormous effort to think clearly.
“A... you want to...”
“It’s a spot inspection of my life!” he snapped back. “They want to stick their noses in just like you.”
A few songs later, a new tune caught John’s attention. “Is that... Oh, my god, is that Skyfall?”
“Did you think of something?” John asked, recognizing that expression anywhere.
“I’ll get it out of you or him one way or another. I always do.”
“Text from Mycroft. Just checking in on the case.”
John was going to comment on how flirty that sounded, but was derailed by the feel of Sherlock’s tongue dragging along his shaft. And he indeed experimented on John with various techniques, utilizing his hands and lips in addition to his tongue. He tested the variation in speed, pressure, suction. He tested the sensitivity of each section of skin from the tip of his glans to underneath his balls, rubbing his prostate from the outside.
“I rather do.”
“Well, how the buggering hell did that happen?” Hillock squawked.
“Christ, it’s later than I thought. Congratulations, you slept a full ten hours.”
He’d always imagined what his future would be like. The narrative went like this: be a doctor, meet a woman, date her, fall in love, get married, maybe have a child or two, retire from medicine, move to the country, die of old age. It had never occurred to him to do anything else. Now he had this other option. And it was jarring to suddenly find himself in a different story. But it was ok. It took awhile for it to sink in, but this wasn’t a bad thing. He loved his life with Sherlock and he found comfort in the prospect of never having to relinquish it if he didn’t want to. He only felt relief.
“Why not?”
“Mmm, god.”
“I have keen powers of observation. I know when you’re watching me.”
“Tell what?”
John played with the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck and murmured encouragements. He hummed back pleasantly as he suckled at the tip for a moment before dipping down again. His eyes were closed in concentration. The longer his mouth was on him, the more John’s focus narrowed to just the delicious feeling on his aroused cock and the growing urge to spill inside that soft mouth. Oh, did he want to.
“Christ, wha’ does Sherlock Holmes fantasize about?”
“It’s not exactly necessary, depending... Do you want me to?”
The main reason why John thought it might merit a discussion was that it was Sherlock’s first time. Some people can have strong reactions to that. And Sherlock was Sherlock, so it was hard to predict what he was going to think of anything. He might forget it even happened.
“An impressive collection. Many I made myself.”
“Ha bloody ha. Cheers.”
John stalked over to him and shoved a take away box into his hands before returning to his place on the sofa. Sherlock huffed, sat on the bed, and reluctantly forked mouthfuls of food into his face as he continued to analyze all the evidence.
“There you ‘ave it.”
Sherlock waited for him to finish.
Sure enough, Sherlock woke him some time later. “John, John! Get up. We need to go out and test my hypothesis.”
“Did he ask when you’ll pop the question? Something else?”
“Anything else?”
“I’m not. I mean- You just... I wasn’t expecting you to have ever watched porn. Recreationally.”
John combed his finger through Sherlock’s hair. “I don’t plan on stopping. Jesus, this is the oddest conversation I’ve ever had.” John kissed his friend, urgently trying to express his affection so Sherlock never felt unwanted. “Would you describe how you feel about me as love?”
“Very good. Mmmm.”
“Surprisingly?”
“Own it.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock complied and John reached out to pull him gently to the bed. He settled him on his back, laid his towel to the side, and lent over him. “This ok?”
John was compelled to kiss him again. They sat like that, faces pressed together for a long while.
John went over to his chair and fell into it with a huff. “Well then.”
“Is it about yesterday?”
“Honestly, I’d rather deal with you having a stiffy if it means you’ll behave like something approximating an adult. Now, why don’t you take care of that while I go find us some breakfast. And you ARE eating it, Sherlock.” John took his silence for assent.
The point was John was stuck spending every moment with an increasingly frustrated and frazzled Sherlock who was refusing to eat or sleep unless John physically forced him to sit his arse down. Instead of worrying about how awkward sharing a bed would be, he was worrying about Sherlock keeling over and cracking his great fat skill open. And, Jesus, the temper tantrums. He could put any three year old to shame.
“I’ve never kissed anyone’s neck before,” he murmured next to his ear.
“If this keeps happening, I’ll never get any better at dancing.”
“Frankly, yes. Does that bother you? That I’m... attached, I guess.”
John’s head snapped up. “Oh?”
“It’s starting to get dark. Maybe we should close the curtains. I don’t need the neighbors seeing this travesty. And I hope Mrs. Hudson doesn’t decide to come up right now. She’ll gush.”
John’s eyes popped open. Sherlock was looming in the center of the room waiting for his response.
“Yeah. Yeah, thanks, m-mate.” Lestrade frowned at the instinctive use of the word mate, but heeded his advice and made his way over to the lady in question.
“Am I your stuffie now? Does Sherlock need a cuddle?”
“Sherlock, we’ve talked about this. It’s not ok to snoop around my internet history. It’s private.”
“The mother was never injured. She faked it. She took the secret to the grave. That’s how... Brilliant!” Sherlock exclaimed, his face lighting up. Then he surged forward, grabbed John’s jacket lapels and kissed him.
“I believe I’ve complained at length about your impulses to go out and find women with which to have sex. I now have first hand experience of why sex is so appealing.”
No, no, no. That was no good!
In hindsight, it shouldn’t have been so surprising. He had been randy for hours and he hadn’t gotten laid in months. Nevertheless, it did surprise him when, in less than a minute, his pleasure peaked and he was coming between them. He grunted and whined and barely kept himself from biting into Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Fine, but only if you promise to sleep for a decent number of hours.”
“Yes. The more I think about it, the more I see it that way. Do you?”
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He still wasn’t sure how to approach this, but clearly they needed some communication here. He suspected Sherlock was going to say ‘since your date’, but changed it. Perhaps he was worried about how it would affect them after all.
John’s hadn’t really thought about the words before he said them. He surveyed the reactions. A few looked confused. Molly looked like she hadn’t been expecting the revelation to happen right then, but didn’t seem exactly surprised by it. Greg looked smugly satisfied, mouthing ‘finally’. Mike had a growing look of suspicion blooming on his face. Mrs. Hudson looked proud as you please. Finally he glanced at Sherlock who had blanked his expression, but he could read him well enough to see the shock and uncertainty he was feeling. But John didn’t see fear or embarrassment or anger. Relieved, he brought his hand rest against the nape of Sherlock’s neck, idly playing with the curls there.
“Nope. You just want a dog.”
Decided to break up the last chapter into two because my beta has a life. Hopefully the last half will be finished soon.
“I’m not.”
“I... don’t think so.”
“Recreationally? As opposed to what?”
“You’re confidant in your heterosexuality?”
He heaved a great sigh, nodding. He showed her to the door, promising no hard feelings. Sherlock was out in the sitting room when he came back upstairs. John ungracefully dropped to the sofa in resignation and didn’t bother to hide it when he adjusted his still hopeful erection.
Sherlock flushed and huffed. “If we must simplify.”
“That’s better.”
“That was then. You’re very comfortable.”
Abruptly John stood up and those eyes snapped back open. “It’ll be better with lube. I need to go get some. And you might want to take off that posh shirt unless you want to explain to the dry cleaners what happened.”
“You know how I am. My mind can run away with me.”
John couldn’t contain his amused grin while Greg’s mouth hung open in shock. “Well, I’ll be damned. He’s not having me on, is he?”
John hesitated, not wanting to embarrass himself, but Sherlock looked so hopeful he couldn’t say no. “Fine, but it’s not my fault if your toes take all the repercussions.” He stepped forward and let Sherlock arrange his limbs where they were supposed to go.
“I am breathing!” he snapped.
“Do you think you can come like this? Dancing in the middle of the flat, in your pants like a teenager?”
“Mmm.”
“It doesn’t matter if I believe in something or not. A thing exists or doesn’t regardless of my belief in it. Love is a chemical process in the body. It does exist.”
“Fine. You madman.”
“N-no.” His voice caught.
“How’d you know how old... never mind. Yeah, she didn’ really know how, but teen hormones an’ all. I liked it well enough.”
“Bollocks. You shot a man fer me on our first case, knowing me barely more’n a day. You’re special. Knew it then. Still true now.”
Just a few days later, they were celebrating the solving of a decent case with some wine. It was a common way for them to unwind.
“Mmm-uhn.”
That only left one idea. John’s heart started to race at the thought of actually saying it out loud. Adrenaline. And that’s probably what made him want to do it. He loved that rush.
“Wha’s that?”
She looked at him in horror.
Sherlock frowned and tilted his head. “Tell you to leave?”
“I trust you as a scientist to know what that means. And... I really want to feel your mouth on me.”
He glanced at John frowning. “This is hardly-“
“Done it.”
“Mmm.”
“And...”
They both stripped quickly.
After a while John got impatient. “What are you doing?”
“Why would we be?”
But... if it did happen... What about Sherlock?
Sherlock’s attention started diverting to exploring John body, examining it. He resembled an overexcited puppy as his hands darted from place to place, never staying in one spot for long. He felt skin, muscle, bone. He used his face and lips to measure texture too. He lifted John’s arms and twisted them this way and that. Then did the same with his legs.
And he succeeded quite nicely if his current activities were anything to go by. He’d brought her back to the flat and they were currently engaged in a bit of savage snogging up against the wall. And this woman kissed like she wanted to wreck him. He thought they might not even make it up the stairs to his bedroom with the way she rubbed against him. Not a moment too soon either. He’d started to forget the feel of anything besides his own hand. Speaking of hands, hers boldly palmed him through his trousers.
“I could say the same about you.”
“Remind me to nick his credit card the next time he shows his obnoxious face.”
“He blushes!”
“Who made up that rule? Dumb.”
“I... what did you have in mind?” He fidgeted, still feeling on display.
“I’ll get you back.”
At home the frequency of touching was increasing. And also decreasingly deliberate. Without thinking about it, they reached out to touch most times they came within arm’s reach. John’s fingers combed through Sherlock’s hair for a caress instead of a quick ruffle. There were kisses on the cheek for hellos and goodbyes, kisses on the forehead for goodnights and I’m sorrys. Hugs became slower and with more body contact.
“Any ideas?”
It was a relief to be back. Well, it was a relief for a few hours. The very next day Sherlock found another case and they were right back to the busy pace of detective work. John wasn’t bothered. It was by no stretch the first time they had worked back to back cases. It was finished in three days with neither of them any worse for wear.
As it turned out, Sherlock did not delete his memory of being caught.
“What?”
Sherlock froze, but then his face softened and he smiled and chuckled along with him.
Sherlock took a dramatic sip of his glass and John chuckled.
“Naughty,” he purred in John’s ear. He had a sensitive bum, and they both very well knew it.
“I was wrong, apparently. Not the first time, won’t be the last. Besides, nothing wrong with weird. I just never... never knew... that was possible. Just curious.”
John threw his hands up in irritation. “There’s no talking to you. I’m going to go find where Sherlock’s gone. Make sure he’s not getting himself arrested for stealing medical records. Just don’t tell anyone about this.”
Sherlock was naked.
me to lose
Was he lonely now? He didn’t think so.
“Cases have nothing to do with you being my best friend, you idiot.”
It did have the effect of giving them no time to talk about having slept together. John had wondered on their trip back home if they were going to. Was there even anything to talk about? Sherlock needed relief and John provided it. Granted, it ended up more intimate and less businesslike than he’d intended, but did that matter?
“Yeah, yeah, of course. But that’s not... So... hypothetically, if we suddenly went back to how things were before... I mean your preference is how things are now, but would it be... disappointing or upsetting to go back?”
“An’ muscles... near my... groin... tightening... conti- conrib-... helps.”
“Maybe with some other stimulation.”
“No. I mean a favor... like the one you did for me.”
John could tell in his peripheral vision that Sherlock was studying him. Then he seemed to be getting closer. And closer.
“Have you tried... porn?”
“Your first time. ‘Fooling around’.”
“You sure?”
Sherlock nodded sternly, but every so often John let his hand wander down again, brushing the top of Sherlock’s arse.
See, some of the people who knew Sherlock had copped on to this little quirk of his and liked to play a game of making Sherlock uncomfortable.  A fact, no doubt, that Sherlock had noticed. But that was no longer going to work. John’s favorite example happened one afternoon when they bumped into none other than their favorite DI Lestrade at John’s local.
“Not at all.” He teased the frenulum with his tongue for a few moments, then popped the head into the O of his lips.
“Shit, sorry. No. NO. Not at all. Really nothing like tha’. It’s jus’, it’s like you’re above it all. So. I’m a dick. Really, I don’ mean anything by it. Sorry. I’m stupid for ‘specting somesing exotic.”
“I never realized how erotic that would feel,” he huffed out. “You’re not going to stop, are you?”
“I dunno. A new position... or technique... or aid...”
But as it turned out, it wasn’t that odd of a thing to do. While he wasn’t about to interrogate his friend about what he’d been doing, he was still curious. So he’d looked it up. On porn sites. As you do. As it happened, there was a good amount of porn to peruse that included men orgasming without being touched.
“A pet needs to be given food and water, a place to sleep. You have to bathe it and clean up after it. I’d be the one outside at midnight taking it for a walk so it can shit on the pavement for me to clean it up.”
John licked his lips unconsciously as his eyes darted around Sherlock’s body. Sherlock flushed.
“A favor like... at the hotel?”
“Bloody hell.”
‘What does it matter if I come into your bedroom? You can’t possibly be worried about me seeing you naked. What do principles have to do with it? No,
“Fair enough.”
“Feels good. Here, see?” John tilted his head around and returned the gesture.
“Better act now before someone else works up the courage to chat her up,” Sherlock warned.
“Yes... Is that what you’re not telling me, then? It’s because of the case?”
“Ok.”
“Things don’ us’ly get so far in that age group. So some’ne dared Becca to give me a lap dance.”
“Food?”
“You know, John, people change. In the years I knew him before you came along, he was always the same. Aloof, callous, derisive. In fact, I only think he would have become more isolated and spiteful if things had stayed the same. The change in him after he met you... you can’t know. He’s... thawed. Willing to interact with us mere mortals. He’s even considerate every now and then. Most of all, he’s happier. He’s affectionate even. We both know the sociopath routine is a load of shit. He pretends sentiment is beneath him, but it comes as natural as breathing when it comes to you. He’d just never admit it. Don’t let him fool you with his bullshit. Just... don’t dismiss the possibility.”
“I always assumed you would be the one to get tired of me. It’s very strange to hear the reverse. I’m the difficult one. And if there were no cases to keep your interest...”
“For a case. Or research. Or something.”
“Balloons?”
“It wouldn’t put me off. As you noticed, reading all that stuff on the internet has me a bit hot under the collar. With the way I’m feeling right now, I’m liking the idea actually.”
John’s anger quickly dissipated. His friend wasn’t being obstinate, he had a problem. “Ok. Talk to me. What’s wrong?”
“Even you’ve done that.”
“Hi, um... Is this your flatmate?” the woman asked, clearly implying ‘the one you said wouldn’t be home?’.
“I’m going to have a shower. I’m hungry. You hungry? We have anything? Anything’ll do,” Sherlock rattled off as he headed into the bathroom.
“Bloody building flooded.” Might as well speed things up to the conclusion. He’d get there anyway.
Hillock piped up, “Now’s our chance, lads. We can finally ask one what’s so special about Watson. So, uh, Sherlock, tell us how he got ya.”
John continued to rub his back, hoping to ease some of his distress. “I know what you mean. Lestrade is kind of acting the same way. Pushing me, us, to be like everyone expects. But it’s not their bloody business. We aren’t accountable to anyone but ourselves. We’re fine without their interference.”
John smiled at him affectionately. “But did you have to do your analysis just now?”
When it seemed that Sherlock was done speaking for the time being, John went to the kitchen to sort out dinner. It was early, but he too needed something to occupy him.
Sherlock gave him a blank stare for a full five seconds before narrowing his eyes in a way the left John feeling distinctly deduced. Then... well, Sherlock tensed in his ‘I’m too much of genius to bother with emotions like embarrassment’ way, and proceeded to clean himself up with some nearby tissues.
“It’s unfortunate about my gender. Oth’wise walking in on me mighta been jus’ what we both like.” Sherlock’s face contorted in mortification about what had just slipped out. “Sorry. Drunk.”
Sherlock sighed. “If y’ like.”
“It wouldn’t bother you if people knew?”
“Don’t be so dramatic. We can leave enough food and water for three days. I won’t forget about the dog. And we have plenty of friends who could check in on it for us. And if all else fails, there’s bound to be a kennel in London somewhere.”
“I always sleep naked. Pajamas are for the other rooms.”
“No. Really. Just leave.” His tone was almost gentle, but he left no doubt that he was serious. He moved to stand next to Sherlock and his hand rose to rub the small of his back soothingly.
Mycroft’s expression of supreme frustration flickered for the barest of moments as he absorbed seeing Sherlock allowing such intimacy. He scowled and finally he left them in peace.
“I don’t think I could do it willingly either. But I will, if you ask me to. And when you are ready and you choose someone, we’ll still be friends. Don’t just... disappear. Alright? That would be a nine. On the scale.”
He shut his eyes. Closed the gap.
“You’ll do fine, John.” He reassured him warmly with a charming wink and held out his hand. “I promise nothing too complicated.”
John was hesitant about it at first, but eventually decided drugging the man before he had a psychotic break was the only way. Being a doctor had its perks. He lamented that he didn’t even feel a bit guilty, but when it finally kicked in, the silence was nirvana.
“Ok.” Sherlock kissed him again before he headed towards the stairs.
“No.”
“And what about...uh, I’m given to understand that it is... expected... customary to reciprocate sexual activities.”
John smiled. “Do you always shave here?” he murmured as his pressed small kisses around the man’s face.
“I was cross referencing the oral sex techniques I have used on you with what I just experienced. In order to better understand how to cause the sensation I’m intending and to predict your response.”
“Are you having a delayed sexual identity crisis?”
“I’m just making sure you know you can change your mind.”
Slowly, Sherlock turned to look at him. He studied John for a moment.
“Sorry,” he said ruefully. He swallowed and coughed, sounding a bit hoarse from screaming. “I don’t seem to be able to last very long. Still, I wasn’t expecting it so soon again. It just... happened.”
“John, I would
“About yesterday...”
“Fine,” he assured, sounding breathy. John could feel his heartbeat. Fast, but in normal range. He felt a deep rumble of a laugh through the other man’s chest. “Ever the doctor.” He sounded steadier now. John grinned and found he had to resist the urge to kiss him between the shoulder blades.
“Well... I was a sad pathetic veteran trying to survive in London, and then I ran into Mike who introduced me to a mad genius with little hope of finding a flatmate. And he was the most brilliant man I’d ever met.”
“Feeling better?” John asked.
“Ha. I rather think there is a puzzle in your pants, but that’s the problem. And it’s not a good puzzle and wouldn’t keep your interest. What makes a good case? A challenge? No, that’s no good here. This is already challenging enough. Hmm. You tend to get particularly ‘excited’ when you find something new.”
“And so you proceed to LIE in order to... defend my honor?”
“John, if there were something wrong, you’d tell me... wouldn’t you?”
“Seriously, you ever decide to talk to him about that? Find out what he thinks about you two?”
He should have known better.
“Was she right?”
“Has your image of me been ruined forever?” he asked sardonically.
“A friendly hand job.”
John ushered Sherlock over the sofa and sat him down.
“Heh. That’s all the time for me. You all seem to know... social things, but I’m missing... clues.”
Sherlock reached back and started tugging at his waistband. “You want, I think you want...” Amazing. Even distracted as he was, he was still making deductions.
He suddenly felt very ill.
John kissed and nipped along his neck. “That’s it, just like that,” he murmured against his skin and was pleased to hear moans in return. They continued on like that, John giving his attention to lips and skin until he finally decided it would be a shame to waste his access to Sherlock’s naked torso. The angle was a little awkward but he kissed his way down and found it impossible to keep his mouth away from the two nipples tempting him.
“Oh. Well... no, not always. A lot. Never kept track of percentages. Less than half... prob’ly.”
“Well, it was awkward! Barely knew each other and people were a’ready assuming we were together. We jus met. God, I thought you might be worried I was tryin’ ta shag you. An’ I never really went for blokes, so I jus’ say it’s not my thing... clears it up.”
“I was worried this would... put you off. Make you stop... I mean, I’m not oblivious, you know. I know this isn’t how normal friends behave. It’s... it’s nonstandard...”
“You know the Work comes first!”
Sherlock thought about how to answer the question for a minute before speaking. “I’d never had a best friend before. And then... well, he’s a doctor. Quite good with his hands.”
“I don’t know. I’m a tough act to follow. They still might be intimidated.”
“You don’t have to worry about keeping your penis from touching me. I like-“ his words ended in a hiss when John pressed a finger into Sherlock’s perineum. John’s own personal preference. Habit really. Then John shifted a bit and brought his own very aroused cock up against the man’s bum. Feeling Sherlock’s little hip motions like this felt surprisingly intimate. And exciting.
Far more interesting was the day Sherlock kissed him out of the blue.
“And the truth comes out. Why once? I thought if you two finally got around to it, that would be the end of your bachelor days.”
“If you’re willing.” Sherlock’s grin slowly grew.
“What?! Why?”
“There he is. For future reference, checking out post coitus is not polite, Sherlock. If I didn’t know what you look like while you’re in your stupid mind palace, I might have thought you fell asleep on me. Though I supposed it would have been worse if it had been mid coitus. What was so important in there anyway?”
“Are you really asking that?”
“Really, John? Temperature? That’s elementary.”
This thought was most prominent during the occasions that Sherlock played his violin. John found himself more fascinated than ever, now that these little concerts took on a new dimension. He wondered about the emotion that seemed to come from him in these times. Sometimes he imagined that some of Sherlock’s more frustrated melodies had to do with sexual longing. It was purely speculation, probably wrong, but that’s what sprang to mind.
The story is complete. I'll post each chapter as my beta finishes them. If you find any mistakes, feel free to let me know.
“You don’t have a single reason why you can’t see them, Sherlock.”
Sherlock snorted and went into the kitchen. He opened another bottle of wine and poured another glass for them each. John lifted an eyebrow. They didn’t ever go past the one bottle.
“Just anxiousness. This isn’t my area. But I’m a quick study. I have done it once before. I’m sure I could have learnt to do it well, given the chance.”
“Alright. Do you feel it’s a physical problem? Are you getting a lack of sensation?”
“Boring.”
being unreasonable. You’re obsessed with antiquated irrational social mores.’
“Huh. Well, that’s....”
“It’s still not your business.”
Sherlock reproachfully replaced his hand back to its original location. “It’s easier to lead with your hand higher up.”
Choosing a relationship with someone like Ava and in turn stripping his relationship with Sherlock felt even more repellent than before. But would he be happy if he never chose a partner? If he stayed living his life with Sherlock, would he long for romance? Would he be lonely?
“Oh, goodie,” Sherlock griped, “Now we’re both frustrated. I’m not leaving. You can use the bathroom.” Now, how the bloody fuck could he tell when he hadn’t so much as looked at John for the last several hours? He was just sitting propped up against the bed’s headboard with his laptop.
“I’ll see them when I have the time. I won’t be ambushed like this.”
“You mean as toys? Done it.”
Sherlock returned to staring at the far wall again. They both took a moment to think, which was progressively more difficult as they finished the second bottle of wine.
“Regardless...” John stepped in, “I’m happy with how things are now.” He squared off towards his army mates.
“You’re remarkably vague. It’s annoying.”
And making himself rather desperate for a wank.
And apparently he’d wondered too long because his friend’s smile began to fade. “Ok, but why did you move all the furniture?”
“As it was happ’ning, yes. Afterwards, not as much...”
“Fuck fuck fuck!” His orgasm slammed hard like a freight train.
“Listen, I’m sorry. He’s got the worst timing in the universe, but you don’t-“
“I’m hungry. Do we have anything in?” John barely finished the sentence before Sherlock spoke up.
As Sherlock worked, John spent the rest of the afternoon contemplating (oh, dear Christ how had his life become this?) what might intrigue the frazzled detective enough to keep his attention on his willy. He started googling and throwing out suggestions every so often. One by one, Sherlock shot them down without even looking up.
. John leaned his body forward, deliberately making contact with Sherlock’s pelvis and felt the tell tale bulge against his lower abdomen. He pressed against it, getting a hiss out of his dance partner.
“You’re special too, y’know? An’ you wank special too.”
The dazed man opened his eyes. “Oh.”
After a couple of days, Sherlock started getting anxious. Perhaps he had come to the same conclusion that John had done? Or maybe he was just reacting to John’s strange behavior.
“Well, I am ‘taking care of you’.”
He grasped one of John’s hands in his own and guided the other to rest on his back, under his shoulder blade. John tilted his head. “You’re having me lead?”
“Must I repeat myself?”
want to sleep with you again?”
The memory of Sherlock’s body gripped with pleasure with his hands behind his back flash in his mind for the thousandth time. Did he have a thing for bondage maybe? Or self restraint?
“Ah, yes. You were wearing headphones. I take it you’ve already tried that.”
“Guess not, but like I said, y’like being mister mysterious.”
“I know you haven’t engaged in any disease transmitting behavior since the last time you got tested.”
As he was doing that, he tried to think of a solution to Sherlock’s problem.
Sherlock yawned again.
Sherlock waited. His fingers found an exposed patch of skin above John’s waist band and rubbed soothingly.
Yes, he loved Sherlock. Of course, he did. It was no secret. Everyone knew that.
“There are breeds that do well in flats.”
John flicked his tongue over the nubs and moments later Sherlock sobbed, “Oh, god, Jaawwwnn.” He tensed and his cock throbbed as he spilled all over his chest. John looked up in time to see his friend’s face as his pleasure peaked. He enjoyed the sight, thinking ruefully in the back of his mind how strange it was that he’d always considered this man sexless.
“Mmm. I can feel your stubble.”
“I see.”
John started to reach, but he just couldn’t. It was too jarring. Instead, he slid his open palm over Sherlock’s abdomen. It twitched a bit under his fingers. He tried to make his touch steady and soothing. He found his arm wasn’t long enough to keep much space between their bodies so he gave up trying to keep his chest from pressing up against Sherlock’s back, and just settled for turning his hips away. He didn’t think he should be rubbing himself against his friend’s backside. John continued sliding his hand, exploring what he could reach. He felt Sherlock’s lack of breasts. Odd. But then he heard the man’s breath hitch when he lightly brushed over a nipple.
So he’d have to dial it back with Sherlock. No more sex. No more drunken discussions about sexual fantasies. And no kissing either. Come to think of it, she probably wouldn’t appreciate them cuddling on the settee. Or the expert and decidedly not platonic massages. Or really any of the other too intimate touching they do on a daily basis.
Molly: someone who is attracted to his mind, but is completely intimidated by him; someone who is entirely submissive (at least in day to day life), someone prone to hero worship
Sherlock swallowed nervously. “S-So... what-what would uh it um...” he stammered. “What exactly... is it that you’re... suggesting?”
He took a moment before responding. “You have questions.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Greg bellowed out sarcastically.
“You must have some interesting scenarios stored away in that mind palace of yours.” John smirked.
“Would you rather I didn’t love you?”
“Then how?”
“You won’t be.”
Murray spoke, “Every time I read your blog, it always sounded like you had a bit of a crush on him. How’d you talk him round to your side, Sherlock?”
It was then that Sherlock finally noticed his presence.
“Then tell me.”
“Oh?” He rubbed against him again. “I wonder what it would feel like naked.”
“What? Molest me?”
“Odd?”
“Sit! Eat!” John used his captain voice. “You can bloody well chew food at the same time as staring at that wall and don’t give me any bollocks about digestion slowing you down. Your brain needs fuel and if you try to argue this, you no longer get to hold the title of rational human being.”
John surveyed the group with drunken sentimentality. He’d managed to find some pretty decent friends.
John, being a normal sort of bloke, kind of assumed he’d see the expected mortification, covering of bits, and fleeing when caught wanking... if you’d consider this wanking, he wasn’t really clear on that. That was not the reaction he observed. He also (because he had imagined this scenario could happen, they were flatmates, best to be prepared) had thought maybe Sherlock would be the type to just shrug it off and give John a lecture about ridiculous sexual hang ups of society. Also not the case.
“Go on then.”
Sherlock shrugged, already settling under his sheets. John was promptly positioned onto his back the moment he joined him. Sherlock reclaimed his previous position on his chest. The feeling of each other’s warm skin was somewhat familiar now. They shifted until they were comfortable and Sherlock was unconscious in moments.
John’s charm still managed to turn a few heads though. And one day he found himself being chatted up by a saucy woman and thoroughly enjoying it. She was fun, interesting to talk with, and made no secret that she was interested in him. He flirted back happily while Sherlock was off investigating something that he would no doubt reveal later for dramatic effect. And when the detective returned, demanding his attention, John gave the woman (Ava) his number. No doubt a bold woman like her wouldn’t think twice about calling if she wanted to see him again.
“Not much. Well, I guess-”
“Are they now...” Greg asked, leaning heavily into the innuendo.
“Abstractly, it doesn’t bother me. Practically speaking, though, it’s an STI risk I’m not willing to take.”
“A... thing happened. But not really sex. Doubt you wanna know the details.”
John put his hands up in a placating gesture. “So you two never?”
‘Come, John, the culprit won’t wait for you to finish tea. I wouldn’t have to put your shoes on for you if you managed a pace faster than an arthritic pensioner.’
“Look, I think you just got caught up in the moment and acted on impulse. Happens. People love to celebrate with a kiss. It’s understandable. I am a pretty decent kisser after all.” John smirked.
They sat in a comfortable silence for a while, common enough for them. Though this time it was the wine that was dulling what would have been unbearable awkwardness.
“I... wasn’t sure. You might be... sens’tive. ‘cause of your sister. People say you must be queer too.”
“I didn’t
“Yeah, and?”
“Yes. Always!”
“Is this what sex does to you, John? Makes you succumb to your body’s whim?”
Remembering he wasn’t supposed to tease him, John slid his hand down to cup Sherlock’s bollocks. The man gasped. Then he tried to stifle a moan when John gently fondled them. “You don’t have to worry about keeping quiet. The sounds are part of it.”
The tension didn’t leave Sherlock’s body “Are you ok?” John asked him. He didn’t answer. Instead he stared angrily into space. “Was he right? Is that why you don’t want to see them.” Again no answer. John stepped around to bring Sherlock into a loose hug and that finally got some response. The other man automatically moved his arms to reciprocate. “Will your parents have a problem with me?”
She turned to John. “Oh my god. You didn’t tell me you live with Sherlock Holmes!” she hissed at him.
. A few more brushes and his hips started making tiny bucking motions.
John blinked.
He wanted to dance with John. How long had he wanted to do that?
John sighed. “And what happens when you get a case, hm? Sometimes you go haring off so quickly that you don’t even notice you’ve forgotten me at home. You’re going to remember the dog?”
“Wha’s that mean?”
“Working up to it.”
“Why’re you laughing,” John slurred disgruntledly.
“Hey, come on. Don’t get all English on me. Sex taboos are illogical, right?  Do I need to get a bottle of wine here?”
“I... could do you a favor.”
As the aftershocks of his orgasm began to fade and he could think again, he realized he was still holding Sherlock’s not quite as firm penis in his hand. He gingerly let go and wiped his hand off as best he could on the towel.
“Sorry, not what I meant to ask. What I mean... You seem to reject sentiment. But here you are with your arms around me. And yesterday you basically told me you wanted us to stay together always. That seems like sentiment to me.”
“It’s only nine. I’m not tired. And I’m still angry.”
“Ok. Can you describe it? How do you think of me?”
“I’m a moron, an’ rude. Jus’ ignore me, k?” John buried his head in his hands.
Actually... in fact, his prick seemed exceedingly... full and... flushed. John had very little time to formulate any more thoughts at all before Sherlock’s breath hitched and suddenly his open mouth became clenched teeth as he let out a deep groan of unmistakable pleasure.
In the end, Sherlock did find himself visiting his parents after all. He said he managed to emerge from it without his mother noticing anything about their private business, with no small effort on his part to conceal any evidence. John spent a few weeks being annoyed with the world in general. When they were alone, everything was fine. No confusion, no expectations, just them being them. But outside observers were more hassle than they were worth, so they kept it all to themselves. Which doubly irritated him. Sherlock pointed out that John should be used to conforming to social customs, so they rowed about the difference between nonconformity and being a cock.
John stopped himself again and forced his hands to unclench. He even did some counting exercises that he’d read were good for anger management. Bloody useless internet articles. Now was not the time to lose control. Sherlock was clearly in distress.
“K... but don’t worry about that. You’re really tense like I’m gonna freak out on you. I won’t.”
“Why?”
“Uh, it’s probably better if you’re not standing for this.”
A loud thud reached his ears. “Jesus, try to keep our stuff intact, will you!” he shouted towards the open door, not expecting a reply and receiving none. Suddenly music roared throughout the flat before the volume was quickly turned down. Curious. Sherlock never listened to the radio. He rarely even used the stereo.
“Nutter.” John smiled.
“An educated guess.”
“........”
Sherlock waved it off.
“Not at you. I told you, I’m not worried to be seen with a man. I was still a little worked up on account of Greg acting like a giant knob.”
After they’d finished a bottle, Sherlock suddenly announced, “I know you’ve been looking it up.”
“Don’t worry. I’m not trying to pressure you into anything. I’m just offering a... I guess a friendly hand job. Wow, that sounds stupid out loud. I just mean I could get you off - with my hand - so you can think again. Or not, if you don’t want... that.” John cringed, wondering if he sounded as much bumbling fool as he suspected.
“Has it something to do with the woman you canceled a date with? Did she react worse than usual?”
“You have to choose her. Or another like her... eventually. Your choices are limited, and maintaining our unusual physicality is the least logical course to take when the end goal is a committed long term relationship.”
“Itsit so import’nt?”
Sherlock predictably made the usual complaints. ‘There are more important matters.’ ‘She’s slept with many people, you know.’ ‘I need you available. Your pedestrian job takes up enough of your time as it is.’ And a few new ones. ‘I can provide you with sex. I don’t see why she’s necessary.’ ‘And I’m more efficient. I don’t need to be wined and dined in an archaic mating ritual.’
“I don’t... I never... well-”
He cleaned his teeth and washed himself briskly and efficiently, but his erection only became more insistent. A shot of cold water didn’t do much to counter the effects of his own thoughts. Thoughts that he could not seem to steer away from John’s touch.
“S’ok.”
“Menthol?”
“What’s all this then?”
“With our height difference, does it really matter?”
“Ah....” Sherlock fidgeted and John imagined that he looked a shade more pink in the face.
“John, stop. Who knows how long that apology would have gone on. As I was saying, yesterday you gave everyone the impression we are a romantic couple. Why did you do that?”
Then one day there was a bit of a mishap. It was bound to happen that Sherlock would make one of his miraculous breakthroughs in front of other people. As luck would have, Lestrade was the person present when it did.
“Does that mean you’ll stop cock blocking me?”
Once he was finished, John wadded the flannel up in the now soiled towel and threw them off the bed. Then he curled up behind Sherlock again.
“Look, I know I should never have done that. We never talked about letting people know and I really appreciate you being a good sport about it-“
John stood there trying to process the scene before him as Sherlock’s breathing slowed and he relocated his arms from behind his back. Then he eventually opened his eyes, leant forward and pressed a button on a laptop that John had not noticed until that moment. He automatically checked the screen, but there was no porn to be found. Looked like a music website. ‘Odd’, he vaguely thought in the back of his mind.
“No double entendres, please, before I get a headache.”
“Hush, John. Concentrate. You’re doing fine. And let Hudders have her fun.”
“Not as such.”
“Doesn’t work.”
“You thought it was weird.”
“Is that it?”
“You have?!”
“Dunno. Seems like it.”
“Ok?”
“I’ll tell if you tell.”
“Relax, John. I assure you, the overheating will be sufficiently uncomfortable to kill my libido long before I’m in any danger.”
Sherlock removed the headphones from his ears, and was conspicuously not looking at John. “It’s safe to assume the clinic had to close for some issue or another. It’s difficult to read your emotional level due to the shock of the situation, but you didn’t leave work of your own accord. Your general demeanor shows it wasn’t a serious issue such as legal trouble, contagious epidemic, physical danger, etc. Hmmmm.”
Jesus, it was a shame Sherlock had never experienced anything else in the wide variety of sex that existed. Far from the ascetic he once believed Sherlock to be, it seemed in reality he was quite the opposite and the only thing holding him back was a lack of social skills. He was probably a natural at sex.
Sherlock’s eyes widened at his declaration and John might have been imagining it, but he thought he saw definite lust on Sherlock’s face. And he could swear his voice got deeper as he said, “Alright. I might be new to this, but it can’t be too complicated.” He settled himself atop John’s legs. “Just be patient and give me a few minutes to experiment. Don’t be a difficult subject now.”
“Oh.” Sherlock stopped in his tracks. His penis jutted out from his body, hairless as usual, and he stood there in full view with his towel still raised to his hair.
“Christ, I have no poker face.”
John waited, listening intently, but Sherlock didn’t continue.
John smiled a moment before sobering. “You’ll show me the door long before that.”
“Oh... um, why?”
“No.” He kissed Sherlock again. “You know I think you’re brilliant. You saved me. You were a miracle. I was alone and lost and I felt dead. But you breathed life back into me. I owe you for that.”
“Sherlock...”
“You think I’m just here for the cases?”
Sherlock’s attempt to reply was interrupted by the high pitch sound that came out of his mouth, but then he managed, “We’re not even doing a box step anymore. We’re just rocking from side to side.”
“There... You mean...”
A new case fell in their lap. An exciting one. Well, it was more exciting for Sherlock. Very difficult. The culprit was a sly one. John appreciated that it got them out of London for a change. But what started out as a fun new puzzle turned into an obsession that dragged on for weeks. Pictures and clippings and yarn littered the hotel room they were staying at. Which was one room, one bed. Mycroft (or the government, if there was a difference) was footing the bill for this one and, given the length of their investigation, had decided to economize. Not that they ever slept at the same time... That would have been easier.
“Well, there’s no puzzle in my pants so that’s not going to help.”
“Yes.”
“Hm. Quite.”
“No.”
Sherlock paused. “John?”
“Yeah, o’course I’m curious.”
John situated Sherlock on one side of the bed, pulled his shoes and trousers off. No, he didn’t feel weird about pulling off the man’s trousers. For years, John has borne witness to Sherlock in various states of undress without him showing the least bit of modesty: from threadbare pajamas that clearly showed the outline of his cock, to those posh sheets, to nothing but a pair of thin pants. John started to unbutton Sherlock’s shirt as well, but when he revealed he wasn’t wearing a vest underneath, he thought it best to leave him some covering. He could suffer the wrinkles.
“True.”
“Hello, lads!” boomed the detective. He raised his pint at John and Sherlock as they made their way over to his table.
“Do you think you’d like my tongue on you? You liked my fingers.”
“Fine. What about your psychological state? Are you distracted? Worried?”
“A’right... Um, sorry if i’s rude. Do you... date... or anything. Ever?”
“And I... I... well, I would never endanger you... but given my history... I... I’ll go fetch the condoms....”
“Can you give me an example of something you’re opposed to that rates a ten?”
John groaned, grimacing. “I’m going to have to hear about that for a long time, aren’t I?”
“Like copulate.”
It was still dark when John woke, but it wouldn’t be for long. Sherlock was up, back on the case as expected. But he hadn’t bothered getting dressed. John watched him for a minute, smirking at the naked investigator. He felt the bed next to him. Still a bit warm, but barely. Sherlock noticed the movement and looked up.
John was well aware how odd their relationship was becoming and how it would look to other people. But his best friend was Sherlock Holmes. Normal could piss off.
“You’re the expert.”
“It’s so tedious to keep track of the labels and social standards. I wouldn’t know.”
And a pleasant date it was. Conversation flowed easily and she charmed him. She’d heard of him and wanted to hear about interesting cases he’d worked on with Sherlock. He was happy to oblige. She was confidant and never seemed annoyed with the obvious fact that he spent a lot of time with his flatmate.
“Agreed.”
He just didn’t know.
“So what happened?”
Sherlock guided him through the steps and chuckled at John’s creative swearing when he made mistakes. He merely rumbled a quiet, “Again,” to prompt him to keep going, and “That’s it, just like that,” when he didn’t stumble. It brought to mind other physical activities they did together when he’d said the same phrases. He struggled to keep his mind on dancing and his body in check.
Finally, he too settled in for a good night’s rest. His last thought before he fell asleep was how bad it sounded that he had to drug Sherlock to sleep with him for the first time.
John took a step towards the bed. “Um, maybe put away the laptop.”
Because he realized that no one he’d ever been with made him feel as cared for as Sherlock Holmes. God, imagine that. A man he’d thought would never let himself be close to anyone, was the person who made him feel the most loved.
John hesitated. His first thought was to say he wasn’t with anyone right now, but that was... not true. Not true at all. He was with Sherlock. In every way.
“Yes, fuck. This is one of my fantasies, actually,” he confessed shakily.
He suspected Sherlock would prefer to just get down to the main event going by the desperate little noises he was making, so he didn’t stop for any foreplay. He pumped him firmly, watching his expressive face. His eyes were shut tight and he was biting his lip, and John didn’t like how anxious he still seemed. Last time they hadn’t been facing each other and he suspected Sherlock was uncomfortable being watched, no matter that it was a fantasy of his. In the fantasy world you could pretend to you were confidant. So John leant down for a kiss, getting a gasp in return. A moment later Sherlock kissed him back. And unlike all of their kisses for the past months, it wasn’t chaste at all. Sherlock’s tension eased away as their tongues slid together.
“John, I don’t know if I can. I-“
“The work of a minute. Simple enough.”
“Feels like it to me.”
“Yeah.”
“How long has that been going on then?”
“I hope your expectations aren’t too high with that.”
John stared dumbly at his flatmate’s naked aroused body, bearing witness to the slight thrusting movements of his hips. His arms were behind his back, his head tilted against the wall.
Unless you counted the headphones.
“... I... don’t want to.” Sherlock’s voice sounded less solid than usual.
“I’m sure you’re flattered. Anyway, so porn isn’t going to work.”
“Yeah?”
“Well, we all knew it was inevitable.”
Sherlock let out a high whine as he suckled at one and then the other. His breathing ratcheted up. “Joh-Joh-Joh-fu-fu-mmmmmm.”
“Understood.”
“Are you giving me the consent speech because I’m a virgin?”
Sherlock could deduce when John was in the mood for sex and would let a kiss linger longer than is chaste in order to hint that he was interested being his partner for the night - or day as it happened. John found Sherlock’s nervous but eager approach to new sexual acts endearing. And arousing. He gladly went along with exploring this part of his friend - and yes, his stamina did increase.
“And it’s not.”
John grunted, his eyes still firmly shut against the waking world.
“So what did he say?”
John guided him to lie back on the sofa and moved to hover over him before he pulled out his friend’s erection. It was as red as he remembered. The sensation of it in his hand was now a bit familiar, though it was a new angle. And with their faces inches apart, this time he could see Sherlock’s face while he touched him.
“Mrs. Hudson would be unbearable, pestering about a wedding date.” Sherlock looked horrified.
“I...I’m not... I don’t know how to tell if that’s... I don’t think...” Sherlock shook his head, but John could tell it was in frustration rather than indicating an answer.
“However, I would be an excellent care provider and trainer.”
“Shut up!”
“Noooooo. They were all twats. Name calling n insults. Didn’t jus’ say I was gay. Said it like it was d’sgusting.”
Like completely naked.
He gave a long suffering sigh and faced the Detective Inspector. The man’s eyebrows were attempting to reach his hairline and his expression was beginning to change from shocked to amused.
“I got the impression that this was a moment to cast aside insecurities and be honest about our thoughts. Did I read it wrong?”
“Then why are you looking so bloody bashful, eh? If you didn’t talk then what... oh.... really? Again?”
“I’m not. I like watchin too. Not b’ing watched, though.”
John didn’t argue because he honestly wasn’t sure if it would be awkward to sit there as Sherlock touched himself (or not touched himself, as he had the ability to do). Still, he actually rather liked seeing men jerking off in videos. He hadn’t been truly aware of that until recently. He’d known he liked seeing the ‘money shot’. Though in the videos he’d watched, there was always a woman involved, even if it was just a sexy body nearby while the man took care of business. Then he looked up videos when he became curious about the hands free version of wanking and saw a lot of them with just a single bloke showing off for the camera. He found that he still liked it even with no women present. He didn’t think much of it. Besides that, there had been a few times he’d had to live in close quarters with other men and had heard them going at it. It usually set him off too.
“Well, before your lose your... mood.”
“Oh.” Sherlock made the mind palace face for a few moments. Then he spent the next few minutes doing something on his phone.
“Come off it, John. You’re not just casual friends who are having casual sex now. You’re joined at the hip. You live in each other’s pockets, to be honest. You share a flat, you work together, you go to dinner together... He kisses you when the mood strikes him and quite frankly you two have zero personal space boundaries. And, god, those soppy looks you give each other have gotten worse.”
“Yes,” he breathed out. He could feel John’s half-mast morning stiffy was still present and pressing into his hip now.
“Same as you. Pressed t’gether. He pulled my hand to his cock. Didn’t stay jus’ over trousers, though. He had the expected reaction. Orgasm.”
“Mmm. Surprisingly very ok. Excellent even.”
Sherlock stared. “Hm...what?”
“John, do we have anything in?” Sherlock’s voice boomed from downstairs. “Molly says I look ‘peaky’. Insists I need food. Just because I can’t remember the last time I ate. And she wants you to text her as proof or she won’t let me... oh...”
Maybe it would be fine to watch. But then maybe Sherlock was right. It might be too strange. Actively staring at someone right in front of you is a lot different than just hearing them in the dark.
“Yes.”
“Yes.”
Did John think about that night in bed with Sherlock? Of course. Without hesitation. Contrary to Sherlock’s fears, he really didn’t worry about it. It had just never happened before. With a man. He’d never wanted to. It was kind of exciting, actually. He would never admit it to anyone ever - for fear of sounding like a twat - but it kind of made him feel sexier. Like he was less boring and vanilla.
“Mmhm.” Sherlock nudged him to the bed and stripped off every stitch of his own clothing.
“I don’t suppose there’s a nearby sex shop.” Sherlock shook his head. “This is a waste of time,” he growled, stood up, and threw his phone over to the bed. “Even if there was a toy that I don’t already own, the chances of it being available locally are slim.”
“Why does he keep calling me that, John?”
Then the feeling disappeared as Sherlock got up. “Whatcha doing?”
“.....”
“Sit down and eat!”
“Oh, that’s all I need. You getting heat stroke because you can’t be arsed to have a wank!”
“Hm?”
“Let’s just say that I should have been able to deduce from your bespoke suits and your public school air that you don’t actually need to share the flat to afford Mrs. Hudson’s rent.”
“You forget where you left your keys constantly, but your mind retains that particular memory in vivid detail.”
“She was fine. Maybe disappointed. I couldn’t tell.”
Sherlock’s cock spasmed against his clenching abdomen. His come slid unhindered down his smooth skin to the base of this shaft. With no hair present, John saw it continue around Sherlock’s still contracting bollocks and between his legs, and presumably into the towel that was placed underneath his arse.
John pressed his lips together to keep the smile off his face, but the harder he fought the more difficult it became and soon he was shaking trying to hold in the laughter. Sherlock risked a glance at him when he saw the movement and the moment of eye contact broke him. He snorted and couldn’t suppress the giggles any longer.
“But this time is was about me.”
“Oh. That’s... People don’t really agree on the definition of virgin. Depends on the person, I guess.”
“And your stress levels can’t take another few days of waiting. Ordering online is out. Do you really have a bunch of toys squirreled away in your bedroom?”
“I don’t think I can bring myself to cut this out of... us. Not right now. I never realized it until I was suddenly facing the choice.”
“No. I....” He stared. “Do you mean now?” John wasn’t sure what the current state Sherlock was in. His laptop was covering any evidence.
“Apparently.”
If he had to choose one or the other, which would he... He imagined having Ava... and the thrill of a possible future with this vibrant woman paled against his emotional recoil at the thought of losing the closeness in his friendship with Sherlock.
John heard scraping sounds coming from the sitting room. He could only guess what Sherlock was up to now. He rolled his eyes at himself in the mirror. He was having a shave and only about half way done. They’d only just gotten showered and dressed and it was already late in the day. They’d had a late one the night before.
Grinning, he kissed the shoulder in front of his face and rubbed his cheek against it.
“That’s what Mrs. Hudson said.”
The man’s eyes were closed and he wasn’t responding. “You have got to be joking. Sherlock. Now’s not the time be disappearing into your palace.” He shifted enough to get a hand between them and tweaked one of the idiot’s nipples.
“Are you aroused?” John asked. “Because I sure as hell am.”
“Catalogue you. Fill in the missing information. There’s only such much you can glean from sight alone. Through clothing.”
John looked up, registering the state of his friend’s body, then blinked owlishly.
“Hm. I’ve seen him charm women and he did no such thing with me. He merely continued to be the man I saw the minute I met him. Kind, brave, and craving adventure.”
The sun was fully up now and Sherlock was freshly showered and dressed by the look of him.  John obligingly stumbled to the bathroom to have his shower, heedless of the eyes that followed his still nude form.
“And you? Are you opposed to me sleeping with other people?”
“So what then? Do you plan to avoid them indefinitely for fear they might ask you a single question.”
“Not like that.”
John worked. They went on cases. Sherlock did putrid experiments in the kitchen. John went on dates. Sherlock tried to keep a beehive in their flat. John shouted.
John huffed out a breath. He was tired of the nerves and the tiptoeing. He just wanted Sherlock to make a decision, so they could get on with whatever he chose. “Christ, at the moment I just need to come. Here with you or in the bathroom on my own. Currently not too picky how it happens.” He was erect in his jeans (a fact his friend couldn’t possibly have missed) and had been for quite some time. On top of that, the tension of the situation was tricking his brain into thinking he was in danger. And he was most definitely getting off on it. Probably not his healthiest personality trait.
He heard Sherlock take a shuddering breath.
“Sides... Ya know, now I think about it... I haven’ acted like that in ages. But it DOES make it impossible to pull when every’ne thinks ’m already taken.”
“Is’at why your arms were behind your back?”
“Dear lord, they’re going to find out that you’re having sex with John sooner or later. Why you can’t act like a grown man about it instead of a sulking adolescent is beyond me.”
“...”
Uncomfortable silence reigned making mere seconds seem excruciatingly long.
“I think I like dancing.” John turned his head to brush his lips against Sherlock’s nipple.
“Ever try heating them up?”
“Oh, Christ. Tha’ makes me sound like a bellend. I didn’t mean it like that.”
“K, now your turn.”
“And how would you know unless you’ve been keeping tabs on me like usual. Butting in where you’re not wanted. You all think you have the right to know every move I make-“
The fact that they’d had plenty of time to pull apart and compost themselves before he actually saw them would have made the situation a bit less embarrassing IF it weren’t Sherlock. John saw him read the entire scene, probably starting before he’d even left the flat that evening.
“Leave it.”
“You sound like a toddler refusing to take a nap. Just sleep for now. You can go back to work when you wake up.”
“Oh, no, no, Sherlock. It’s not - it’s not som’ing like that. There’s no law like you have a deadline t’ sort it. An’ it’s not a bloody contract like you gotta decide then you’re locked in forever.”
“Exercise? Working out?”
They giggle like kids planning silly pranks, their heads tucked together. Sherlock put his hand on John’s chest, feeling the structure of it as their laughter trailed off. His gaze alternated between where he was touching and back up to John’s face.
Sherlock pulled him onto his lap. “You’re trying to distract me.”
“AND you’ll clean up after it.” John gave him a hard stare.
“I’m not your man servant, you dick.”
“It seems we’re back to square one. Unless you have something useful to add, I’ll be getting back the case now.” Sherlock sprang up and went over to his laptop. Tension continued to radiate from him.
Sherlock faced the ceiling and took a deep breath. “This is your fault.”
“How do you mean?”
“Hypothetically.”
“Hm? What do you mean?” John replied, bemused.
“Sorry, my brain’s too primitive.” He scrutinized Sherlock as he clicked through webpages.
“Sherlock, watch.” He’d never had the courage to masturbate in front of anyone, but he knew Sherlock would want to see.
John snickered. “Fine. But what about something new?”
Sherlock glowered and prompted him to explain.
“For a waltz, you must have a partner,” he replied quietly, eyes on the floor with a small shy smile.
“Greg. What are you doing here?” When John had managed to drag Sherlock to a pub, he hadn’t expected to see any ‘Work’ faces.
“Hm? Stop what?”
“You say that now. But what if I’m still hanging around ten, fifteen years from now? Hm?”
Thankfully, Sherlock’s erection receded as he ate his breakfast.
“Do try to be a bit more specific,” Sherlock prompted snappishly.
The other soldiers burst into laughter.
John shifted uncomfortably. Greg nudged him with his shoulder.
“You’ve never felt anyone’s mouth on your cock.”
“Uh, well...”
“Dogs are an extremely fascinating and useful species. They have a variety of valuable benefits. They are very intelligent, more than some humans - Anderson. They can aid in collecting forensic information -“
Sherlock was being predictably contrary and obstinate. More than that, he seemed to be doing an unusually spectacular job at pushing the man’s buttons and brother dear looked to be contemplating violence.
“I’ve told you, no double entendres. I may lose my erection.”
“Doubtful. It’s still most inconvenient when you’re off getting off while there’s work to be done.”
“That’s...”
“We should get a dog.”
Sherlock shifted around until they were facing each other. He was frowning as he observed John closely, looking for something.
“Are you.... d’you ever... I mean have you... um... er... you asexual?”
They stared for a moment before childishly giggling at his use of the word dick while one was so prominently on display. “Have fun in the shower, did you?”
“You’re not gay.”
“Then it’s fine. Besides, I have to take half of the blame for him finding out. I kissed you in front of him.”
“You didn’t used to be this bold. We were both thoroughly English. Awkward and embarrassed.”
Sometimes this was accompanied by being grabbed by the shoulders and congratulated for being so helpful. ‘Conductor of light’ was John’s favorite version of that. However, this time Sherlock grabbed him by the base of his head and kissed him in that moment of exultation. It was a quick kiss, lasting barely a moment. Sherlock was grinning like a lunatic as usual. Then in the next moment his expression turned to one of contrition.
“Um. A disproportionate amount of thoughts belong to the John category. I’ve allocated a large portion of my ongoing thought processes to retaining your presence. I find myself dedicating time to activities that benefit you instead of me, even if they're dull. When you are in immediate danger, my mind automatically shifts focus to your safety - occasionally to the exclusion of all other functions. You, more than anyone, have the strongest impact on my state of mind, in a variety of ways.”
Thank you IVLeafTea for fixing all my typos. And also thanks for helping me with an end scene. And for god's sake, finish your Undertale WIP.
“...I ...My predictions of how long any task will take you to complete are reliably accurate. I know when you’ll return and I give up long before that deadline.”
to outweigh the time cost. Why don’t you just get it over with?!”
“Oh. The end. He left. Said he had t’ go... somewhere. Memory’s a bit hazy. Drugs.”
“Help me understand this. Please.” When his friend looked unwilling to elaborated, he changed tactics. “Ok, let me walk through this then. Like deductions. If I’m wrong, you can take the piss, but if I’m right, just try to remember I’m your friend and you can trust me.”
“Yeah. Fine. Why wouldn’t I be?”
“The woman...”
“I didn’t think he’d be here,” he whispered back.
“Though I thought I could branch out to another activity. Would you object to a- ah... friendly blow job?”
“Yes.”
“Are you... are you dancing?” he asked, confused.
“K, but is it always like that?”
“Could happen.”
Well... mostly.
Sherlock huffed at that, but he didn’t seem inclined to get up. He rubbed his calf against John’s drowsily and was soon asleep.
“I don’t have a lot to compare your technique against.”
“The ghost of cases past.”
“You ok?” John brought his hand to Sherlock’s hip, but stayed ready to back off if needed.
“Not as of yet... but I live in hope.”
He could only go about half way as he bobbed slowly. After a minute, he shifted to try to wrap his hand around the base, but he stopped when Sherlock’s whole body tensed with slight tremors. He pulled up just as the first pulse of semen hit his tongue. Wanting it to be good for his friend, he didn’t let go and suckled the head gently as Sherlock cried out his pleasure.
“You made an unsubstantiated claim.”
“Well... you see, I was in fact dancing.”
“Sounding?”
“...Um... what...”
“Do you?”
“You consider this sex?”
“Is that right?”
He let out a breath. “There’s nothing wrong. I’m just thinking things over.”
“That’s me. Typ’cal.”
“Oh. Um. No, it’s fine. Just don’t let it get caught on camera. It’ll be all over the news and then we’ll have to stage a public breakup before anyone will date me again.”
“Right.”
“Was there a question in all of that?”
“You should think about it, John,” Lestrade called out to his retreating back. “Friends nonsense,” he continued to grumble. “Perfect for each other and too stupid to notice. Pillocks.”
John sighed and began petting Sherlock’s skin again. “You still think I’m worried about that? I told you why I started saying that, and I really never thought much about it before people started mistaking us for a couple.”
“Regardless, I see no reason I’d want you gone. Our current state is my ideal. It’s you who are seeking something else.” His arms circled around John, as if to keep him there.
Sherlock had been spending the last several days almost exclusively away from their flat. He said he was running some experiment on social network patterns. Real life ones, not online. When John asked about it, the answer was largely lost on him other than gleaning that it involved going undercover (Sherlock’s term for dress up), interacting with various people, and planting evidence. At that point he had a hunch that it probably wasn’t entirely legal and decided he’d rather not know.
“Sherlock,” John warned.
“Given our imminent activity, it seems more balanced.”
“I think ‘bout being watched. Sometimes.”
“Nothing.”
“No, but-.”
“You’re studying how to give better head?”
“Pompous peacock.”
“Sorry.”
“You know I bet he bloody knows how to do magic tricks too. I mean he’s great at pickpocketing. His hands are nimble enough.”
“It’s not.”
“It’s too late for that. He knows now, thanks to you lot.”
How could he possibly explain that to this woman if they started a relationship? What would he say? ‘Yes, my flatmate and I shag sometimes, but we’re just friends.’ So far Ava wasn’t threatened by Sherlock’s prominent place in his life, but he doubted she’d be happy he was sleeping with someone else. They hadn’t gotten around to discussing their views on open relationships, but the probabilities were not good.
“That I shagged a man? No. Were you planning on telling people? Oh, god, don’t go telling people. Imagine all their smug faces and the ‘I told you so’s’ we’d have to endure.”
“You’ve never had anyone’s mouth here yet...”
“Ok. Are you... avoiding them?” he asked slowly.
“Mostly, I don’t. I just give up and try another day. Or... you saw. I listen to music.”
“Obviously I do.”
“You want to know things? That is, you’re curious?”
“Latex?”
John chucked a rolled up napkin at his face.
Sherlock might decide that dating isn’t such a bad idea and then want John to back off. Oh shit. John tried to swallow down the lump in his throat. Suddenly he felt like a pathetic cast off. Could it be as easy as shrugging off a coat for Sherlock?
“I want to see you come. God, Sherlock, I’m so hard.” John licked him at his opening and reveled in the deep groan that fell from Sherlock’s lips. He licked and licked. He massaged his prostate and kept licking and kissing and didn’t stop until the other man was desperate and shaking.
Sherlock nodded tensely.
“It’s odd feeling. Naked in bed together, but we haven’t kissed. I’ve never been that type of guy. Shagging without kissing.”
Here comes the emotions part. No sex this go round.
“You never help me pull.”
“It could be so much better’n that.”
Yes, the hugging was a thing now too. That started sometime after the kissing. Sherlock was apparently learning to behave like a caring human being. Whenever they escaped a dangerous situation, particularly if they had been separated or had had a close call, Sherlock now expressed his relief with a quick squeeze. Surprisingly, it came to him as naturally as most everything else did. John had assumed that Mrs. Hudson was just a special case. It was difficult not to love the sweet woman. Apparently, he was wrong and Sherlock was just as pleased to show affection with anyone he liked. He just didn’t think it was allowed before.
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s all neurochemicals.”
“Felt like it to me.”
John lift his head in time to see Sherlock sob as his cock spurted helplessly, untouched, over and over. God, it was... He couldn’t wait, he needed to come too. John moved up and frantically stroked himself above Sherlock’s stomach, wanting to add to the mess already there.
Everyone else laughed at Lestrade’s mishap and took Sherlock’s social awkwardness in stride.
“I’m supposed to be able to focus on the case now,” he whined.
Who would Sherlock Holmes like to have sex with?
