John darted his vision upwards to find they had been spotted by a flyer-type. Overly large black wings gave the crazed Familiar flight even in the middle of random bullets being sprayed about the area, and the non-human was giving John his best grin of triumph. Under bronzed skin that stretched along his moving shoulder blades with every beat of his wings, the enemy raised his gun and pointed it straight at John. It was about the clearest shot that any gunner could have got under the circumstances.
Much love to everyone, and anyone, that takes time out of their day to wander through my little edge of AU. <3
John did have a very brief thought that the EOAA, Equal Opportunities for All Act, might have something to do with it. Sarah couldn't have completely refused him a job that his Magical Awareness would not have been a factor against him. John shrugged a mental shoulder in thought, either or. Not that he would have fought her against it if she had decided on the other turnabout excuse. A job was a job, and John was happy to have one.
“Exactly what I said. Just go. Get out of here.” Lestrade swished a hand in front of him to wave Sherlock and John off. “I got work to do, or not do, ugh....” Without any other information, the silver-haired Familiar turned and stalked off with black suited man, cursing to himself.
“Angelo,” Sherlock quickly interrupted, having already placed himself into his own seat and was relieving himself of his coat only barely, letting the top half drape over the back of his seat. “If you would be so kind.” He gave the man a smile that actually looked genuine. John wasn't so sure though.
The taller gentleman slowly leaned back, the smirk finally removed without violence and gave the smallest huff of impatience.
“Well…” Trailing off, John shuffled his shoes against the sidewalk, looking down at them for a single moment before raising his head to look back up at his current companion with a bit more confidence, squaring his shoulders. “He wasn't a very nice man.”
“That is why we are here.” Sherlock stated, matter of factually. John paused to look at the other Familiar with the sudden softening of tone. Something he had not heard from Sherlock thus far causing the pause.
With the hand that had been subconsciously rubbing at his knee, John swished out his fingers and motioned to his body while closing his eyes and lifting his shoulder in a half mimicked shrug of Mike’s own.
John sighed, and quietly tapped his fingers atop his knee in an attempt to fill the time with at least some other noise within the room. John really did not like the quiet. Didn’t shifting make some sort of noise or something? This entire situation was very quickly turning rather awkward.
“Not just a criminal organization; it’s a cult. Her brother was corrupted by one of its leaders.” Sherlock had said.
Mrs. Hudson had let out a small ‘Oh!’ and wince as she had been twirled, but at the last statement she carefully reached around her to un-pluck Sherlock’s arm from her, so she could then cross both her arms over her chest and lift her head defiantly up in his direction.
And to those of you who are still with me, thank you. It might take me forever to get a chapter up, but this story will not be canceled by any means.
There was just no way he was making that shot. Not only did his weapon shake in his hand in that bloody tremor, but it just felt wrong with the leather keeping him from getting a comfortable grip. He hadn't shot the weapon at all since leaving Afghanistan, and had been afraid even to do so from what his doctors had shown and warned him. It had just been too much of a risk.
“If you don't want me here any further Sherlock, I would completely understand. Specially with what happened tonight, and me being a “
“Quite. Sherlock, what has got you in such a pout?” Mrs. Hudson was quick to follow up, with just as much disapprovement in her tone as John, crossing her arms over her chest and looking the perfect mother figure.
John could barely get his breathing under control for a few seconds, before he growled at the other doctor between clenched teeth.
We shouldn't be giggling!” John stated just as their cab came up to the side of the street to pick them up.
“Sure.” John answered back casually, pulling himself up from the chair just in time to follow behind the coat tail of Sherlock as they made their way towards the outside of the building. Home sounded good right about now, and once again, the thought did not cross his mind how the flat had so quickly been thought of as such only after a single night of sleeping there.
Instantly the cats eyes darted in his direction, giving John a long quiet look before suddenly yawning and letting out a soft “
Sherlock could only sit there and blink as he was left with hands hovering awkwardly in front of him. After a second he slung a dark look at John’s retreating form before following him and flinging his body back onto the couch, though this time he positioned himself sitting up so that he could steeple both hands under his chin. Just to make sure John got a full broad on look of displeasure of having been deprived from the computer.
Only bits and pieces remained of whatever happened between that point and this one. He mostly remembers brief moments where he thought he could hear people yelling, and the color white. Maybe there had been actual objects in the white, because he was fairly sure there had been movement of some sort, but with most of his five senses betraying him, the color was really all that remained as a logical standpoint in an otherwise senseless time period.
The laughter was rather contagious, and John ended up giggling right alongside Sherlock as they started moving again, Sherlock having raised his hand and attempting to hail a cab.
Putting his now empty cup of tea on the table, John quickly scrolled past that section of the website with a sigh and small shake of his head. He’d just have to be a little more careful in the future.
Along with the mess, he didn't find anything that remotely looked like food across any of the counters, and on looking into the cupboards he only found some dusty dishes and mugs. Pulling two of the mugs out and carefully placing them on the cleaner looking portion of the counter, he moved onto the fridge.
“I still do not understand…” John’s angered tone was quickly shifting to a more quieter, worried one.
“Yeah, I guess you can say that.” John replied with the still soft tone to his voice while he looked back up to Sherlock.
Before Sherlock graced him with an explanation, he lifted to a sitting position on the couch in a single fluid movement that also swirled his body around to face John. John barely blinked, and Sherlock was already leaning forwards with elbows on his knees. Pointing a finger at John, one of Sherlock’s ears shifted lazily to the side.
John’s brain screamed) standing besides a garbage can that was now alight with flame. Twisting his head around to try to see more of the area he caught sight of Sarah, also tied down into a chair with an added gag over her mouth. She was desperately looking at John with wide tear-rimmed eyes as she pulled at the rope binding her down with little success. Other barrels along the long alleyway slowly caught fire one by one in succession in dramatic display.
Molly blinked, as if she suddenly realized that both John and Mike were also in the room with the two of them. Twisting her hands together in front of her in a blatantly nervous act before looking at the floor for a few seconds.
“I am not his da-” John was very quickly trying to gain ground by sitting down at their table and scooting back.
At the sound of his name, John was brought out of his self pitying thoughts to turn his body around at the noise. Finding himself suddenly in the presence of Mike Stamford, an old acquaintance of his.
Shortly afterwards, John found himself alongside Sherlock as the two of them were walking away from the crime scene and in the general direction of 221B. Hands were back in his pockets and John found himself looking everywhere but the Consulting Detective's direction. The traffic was really looking horrid with all of the police jamming up the streets at this time of night…
Furrowing his brows together thoughtfully, John huffed a soft sigh before stepping off the doorway to follow.
Sherlock had barely even paused to breathe. Sitting the phone back on the table after he had re-clipped the case back on, he slid it slowly back to John’s side with a smirk. John heard the word ‘Checkmate’ inside his own head.
Molly, who had before was looking rather pleased with herself with getting the beverage, instantly darkened at the question, her earlier smile just barely cracking.
“Quite.” Sherlock replied in the same dull tone, looking down at his clasped hand and drawing it away slowly as if he were slowly snaking his hand out of a trap. Noticing John out of the corner of his eye he used the same hand to motion towards his general direction. Good enough excuse not to have to continue touching the other man as any.
Her question was met with silence, which only seemed to frustrate her more as she began muttering curses in chinese. Turning to check on Sarah, John was able to notice that she had got her hands free, the shadowed figure of Sherlock just behind the chair gave John a quick glance over, before switching over behind him to help get John free as well. John gave his flatmate a quick nod as he attempted to shift his bound hands against the bonds to help Sherlock remove them.
“A hole in your security then.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, pocketing his phone he looked to the one window in the room and pulled down a section of the blinds with his fingers, looking out.
She barely had time to hear the gunshot or the breaking of glass before she could hear, nor think, no longer.
Something that was both verbally, and nonverbally said. John gave Sherlock a smile between the words.
This section covered basic ear types, tails, eyes, and “extra” fur, to identify the similar gene traits. John had never seen Sherlock’s pupils constrict in harsh light, and he was pretty sure that he only had fur on the ears and tail sections.
John sighed, though by this point he was getting more used to tailgating the Familiar. On catching back up with him at the escalators, he attempted to lean slightly to the side to try to catch Sherlock’s attention from behind him, the stairs at least giving him a slightly higher advantage point for the few seconds they were riding down.
“Really, John?” The box was filled with an array of old CD cases. Most had long since lost their covers, and the plastic was left scratched with a cloudy white hue. Rolling his eyes, Sherlock used the same foot to flip through a few of them. Nothing catching his eye of course,
“You smell so strongly of magic up close, my pets easily found out your persuasion just by tying you down to this chair. Only someone with your ability could have pulled off the reputation you have already acquired through this city’s tedious media.”
When the police had showed up, Sherlock completely disappeared without much trace back into his bedroom. Leaving John to the explaining that no, there was no gun-shots before the explosion. Complete hogwash. People always did try to turn a bad situation worse in the most unlikely events. Oh, we’re fine. Nothing to worry about here.
“No, Sherlock. Nothing with the head.” John replied hurriedly, in a far more serious manner, with quick shake of his head. “Just, no.”
“Easy, John.” Sherlock mentioned softly before pulling himself to standing and making his way over to Sarah, tugging his coat around him more strictly before raising both hands and softly patting the air in front of him in what he hoped appeared like a soothing gesture. “It's alright now, you are both safe.”
air. Lifting the phone back up, his fingers slowly clenched even tighter around the small pink phone, before very slowly opening his hand entirely where all five fingers were completely spread, leaving the phone itself to lay open across his palm. Both ears atop his head had fully arisen and were peaked towards the tiny machine, while both his eyes grew larger.
“You promised.” Came the annoyed muffled baritone behind the door that John knew now must have been locked, he did not even need to check.
“That's enough, Sherlock.” John pushed himself out of his chair and made his way to move into the kitchen to drop of his half-full mug of now cold tea. He was done with this conversation, he couldn't do this right now.
John hadn't been trying to keep time, but he was sure it took long enough for a real doctor to finally have found its way to his room. By then, he had been pondering just removing himself from the bed and the equipment himself, and was going through his personal pep speech inside his head to deal with the pain that it was going to cause him to do so. Instead, he was mentally interrupted by his room’s door opening and closing to let in a white gowned doctor holding a clipboard and stepping to the side of his bed.
That Sherlock was draped back over the couch, looking as if he was wearing only a dressing gown. Chest bare to the world of two two one B, but at least he had remembered pants!
“And why in bloody hell is a head making it’s home in our fridge instead of the body it is supposed to be attached to?!” John growled, his patience all but gone now, regardless of his earlier attempt to remain calm after the gun incident.
Sherlock didn't reply at first, and sat quiet as he regarded John with a guarded expression. Eventually though, he looked forwards and tapped their cab driver on the shoulder.
With a watery smirk in the mirror, John grabbed his towel and cleaned himself off. After, allowing himself a deep breath to stretch his lungs before he exited the bathroom and into the flat proper. Sherlock was no-where to be seen, but as John had quickly found out, that was not an unusual occurrence. The Familiar tended to be flighty at best, and figured that something at Bart’s had more than likely caught his friend’s attention.
“Are you still on about…? Ugh.” John thumped his head against the door. “I’m not going to let you guilt trip me into illegally obtaining human organs.”
Sherlock was not even a large cat. Not a long, lengthy, slender type of cat that John had been expecting. Instead, on the couch sat a rather half-fluffed creature that was attempting to look as regal as something so fucking cute could possibly be. John had been on the internet enough to know what a cute cat looked like, and Sherlock beat them all, easily.
John didn't take his eyes back off his phone after he sent his reply, and he was far from disappointed with the speedy reply he got back, causing him to grin.
At least the duffel bag had proved to be a little more interesting. He had to lean over to unzip it, and found what he already figured he would, a jumbled mess of army related belongings. A few shirts stuffed in, what looked to be a map of some sort that barely got a two second glance, a pair of boots that he found still had some sand in them. Grabbing one of the boots he drew it up and wiggled in mid-air to allow some of the rock particles to fall into his other open palm.
Just as suddenly as Mycroft’s attention had moved, so had Sherlock. Quickly shifting to stand in front of the smaller man he let out a low growl under his breath in Mycroft’s direction, ears still flat and out of sight against his skull.
After, he simply rounded a palm out towards the table in front of him where two bottles sat. A small pill sat inside each tiny glass prison.
, else. He glared back at the other’s grin, and went to grab for his own side arm with a bloodied hand even if he knew he wasn't going to be spared the few seconds to actually fire back.
Finally, he found it. He violently tapped the area of the map he wanted, piercing the paper with a sharp nail. Twisting his head around he then surveyed the empty flat.
, back to the bank, Scotland Yard, Chinatown, and so forth, John found his way here. Being left behind as the crazy Familiar had decided he was just going to break in, if no one was around to actually let him into the flat. On a mental side note, John found that wasn't entirely surprising.
One of the woman’s male counterparts darted out from the darkened area near John and ran headlong down the alleyway to where Sherlock had been moments before, only to be left hissing openly with bared fang-like teeth as he attempted to look for the other Familiar.
“Suicides, Sherlock. Right up your street, I thought. Three of them.” She gave a small shake of the paper in his direction.
“Sorry about that….” John tried to brush off the embarrassed feeling in his stomach as quickly as possible. “Your voice is sounding a bit rough.”
“Pffft.” John blew air out his nose at the notion in a huff. “Laugh? You are probably some lengthy panther-cat or something. Going to try and scare me by leaving me unaware.”
John couldn't help the sarcastic harsh laugh that escaped him at the very thought of Harry helping him.
, what is going on.” John wasn't asking a question, and by the visible swallow that caused the other man’s adam’s apple to bob, he had got the point.
smell on you that I find offensive.” Sherlock replied with a roll of his eyes as if the entire thing were so boringly obvious.
Sherlock was currently digging through John’s closet where most of his larger clothes had been hung, or had hung, if the case may be. Most had been yanked out and thrown onto the floor behind him to scatter across the room. Except for a certain jumper he had found that had been a hideous pea-green and off-red color, causing his tail to bristle in disgust. No, I do not think so, not in his flat. That particular monstrosity had been tossed out the window with an extravagant flourish of limbs and a yelling of: “Begone, loathsome creature, and trouble us no more!”
Sherlock still hadn't moved to access his tea, but at this point John was simply pleased to have his own.
After the last board, Lestrade placed his hands behind his back to allow himself a stretch that easily popped a few bones before he turned around to notice that John had been watching him. Blinking those oddly yellow-gold looking eyes, he then turned an award winning smirk on and ran his fingers back through his silver and pepper colored hair.
He found some soap, thankfully. Even if it did smell rather bland, if not a bit sweet, and John wasn't going to be picky about it. He could just buy his own soap later. Lifting his head up away from the spray, he lathered himself up to wash. John brought to mind an older song that he had enjoyed the lyrics from years ago. He remembered the lyrics seemed rather informative to his life.
“Anything would be better than this boredom! Don’t criminals have crimes they need to commit sometime this next century?” He cried in lament.
The man let out an animalistic shriek as white gold laced across the visible parts of his body in a murderous lightshow array that left the white of his eyes completely enveloping what pupil he might have had. The muscles of his body betraying him completely as they locked up, then shuddered in violent agony as the electricity ripped its way down into his lithe frame. John only clenched his fingers harder into the flesh of the man’s neck as he ripped the man off of Sherlock, tossing him easily a few feet away to skid into the stone wall with slack thump. From there, the only sound the man made was the slightly audible sound of random twitches, and soft hissing.
“Well tell me what a proper date is, John Watson, since you're so knowledgeable in this area.” Sherlock yanked his arm back and crossed it over his chest along with his other. Going into a full blown pout expression that made him look far younger than even John thought Sherlock would like to admit.
Somehow, during the events of finding Van Coon’s body, the origami flower, a man named Lukis’s flat,
“And I am here to answer those questions to the best of my ability.” He had taken a quick look around the room to look for what John thought was a chair, only to find the room had been stripped of anything else the doctor could sit in. Instead, the man looked back to John.
Not that John actually cared right now, he was still going over the previous conversation that had left him feeling even more unnerved than the minutes before he’d actually stepped up into the flat. He didn't even notice as the cab pulled from the curb and out onto the street. What he did notice though, was the sudden sniffing noise at his left ear.
“Stay...stay here. I’ll be back. I promise.” John finally jerked away from the room and away from her, never even hearing the door close as he ran into the hallway looking for his friend. Had she tried to call him back? John didn't know.
John knew Sherlock had him at that point, slowly he pulled off his glove and twisted his hand around to look down at his own palm. The skin of his hand while still holding some of the tan he had acquired from Afghanistan still seemed to him a paler than it should have been, specially towards his wrist.
She paused, on the screen she watched a mirror image of herself, the glow and dark making her look almost as old as she felt. But her attention was more-so on the section next to her mime’s video.
“You are going to be just fine, John.” The doctor lifted a gloved hand to place it to his patient’s shoulder. “Really.”
It might have been enough for them to finally leave John alone, and escort Mrs Hudson back to her own flat, but it did leave a wary looking Lestrade that made the perfect excuse to stay behind and help John. Curiously, John peered from the kitchen to watch as the Inspector Familiar was currently helping to board up their window for the time being, until they got it replaced.
It looked like yellow spray paint. The kind that most kids would be seen with in some dark alley way, spreading whatever graffiti came to mind in their particular art form. What might have been a number eight at some point had it’s top forgotten about, and Sherlock was letting his fingers trail over the horizontal line that cut across the top of it. Following the horizontal line was a second one, though this one had been sprayed directly over Sir William’s eyes. Sherlock’s hand moved up and over, trailing down one of the drip lines that fell from the odd blindfold the portrait had been given, after he snatched his phone from his pocket, and was quickly taking pictures, acting as if he was the only person within the room.
John didn't have to think about aiming, he was already locked onto his target long before the weapon switched hands, he was already looking down the barrel, and he already knew he wasn't going to miss.
“Thats...t-thats okay. Everything is fine. You look very nice, Sherlock.” John attempted, but was very slowly losing the battle.
“It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me.” Sherlock continued in explanation.
” in their direction. Normally, John would have instantly apologized, but with the lack of sleep and his previous ideas of how the date would end being completely ruined now, he glared back at the irritated audience and silently dared anyone say anything else.
Snatching his right hand back from the window he lifted it to his mouth, and used his teeth to rip off the leather glove. Once the glove was ripped off, John switched the gun to his right hand. He barely even registered the arches of white electricity that instantly latched onto the metal like a long-lost lover, caressing. Was there any pain? John was far from feeling it.
“Of course.” Sherlock casually mentioned, pausing his bow while it lay across the violin. Pausing the music and letting his head turn slightly to regard John with blue-green gaze that seemed far softer than John remembered it having been at any other point of the day, or the one before.
“I just met him yesterday, that is all.” John briefly wondered why he was answering this man’s questions when the man still refused to tell him where all of his stuff had gone to.
“So for right now, please accept my gratitude in such that you should not be bothered further by tonight’s events. I will have the situation cleaned up by the proper channels.”
“Oh, Sherlock, you haven't went that long again have you?” Mrs. Hudson, prompted. “You know how upset you….”
“Oh no mate, I think you’ve gone a bit too far to the left there----No. You know what. I am not even playing this game. What the
His earlier bad mood had been erased with the development of the day, meeting Mike and the fellow named Sherlock who was supposedly meeting him later to look at a flat. A flat that they were suddenly going to be sharing together. That alone was a lot to think about, on top of the fact that apparently Mike had completely left out in their earlier conversation that the particular person also looking for a flat-share didn't happen to be all-that human.
“Yes, John.” Honestly, did John forget things so easily? He was going to get rather annoyed, rather quick if he was going to have to end up repeating everything all the time, Sherlock grumbled. “I said, you could take a closer look, and that I believed it would make you more comfortable in our living conditions.”
John only had a moment to look over at his friend Mike, before suddenly that set of dark curls was darting itself out from behind the door frame again as the man peeked back into the room. Instead though, atop his head and holding the very same hue was a pair of dark furry pointed ears, perked forwards to give the man’s smirk an added
“Um. Thanks.” John cut through their silence, reaching up with a free gloved hand to scrub his fingers at the base of his neck. “I guess I needed that.”
John squared his shoulders back against the brick and frowned up into that gaze with one of his own. All earlier thoughts forgotten.
“In this small manner, John is actually quite correct.” Sherlock muttered, causing John to give him a quick sideways glare at the small jab.
With that said, Mycroft slowly nudged John out of the way with a mild touch to his shoulder, which left John with a quick shiver at the contact. Smoothly, Mycroft exited the room, and John was finally able to take a deeper breath once the door has closed behind him.
Slowly, John opened his eyes and found his flatmate looking at him curiously once more. One ear flopped over to the side in an almost comical thinking manner, before it sprung back up to mimic the other once the Familiar noticed John had given him his attention once more.
Leaning forwards in his seat, he again began clicking out a reply. Causing Sherlock to roll his eyes to the point where John thought they may get stuck somewhere in the back of his skull. Or lost in that mind palace he mentioned sometime before. Whatever that was.
Behind the thin framed glasses was the only aspect that named this other Familiar as non-human, and with a hand brought up to re-perch the eye-wear correctly on his nose, it only pointed out the darkened hue of black skin covering both his eyes and reaching upwards to his brow. It could have been a tattoo of course, even if an odd one, but the hue blended near perfectly even into the aging skin of the old man as it faded to a more natural tone when the mask broke away.
“Dave, its going to be alright, we are going to make it through this.” He said, ushering up enough courage to give the dying man a lopsided smile, even as the blood continued to gush through his fingers.
“You’re not haunted by the war, Doctor Watson ... you miss it.” The smirk from before turned into a normal smile. Well, as normal as this man could muster.
With a very similar movement, and pointedly not taking the offered check from Sebastian, Sherlock had removed himself from the room with that flurry of his coat tail behind him.
Sherlock paused, blinking. Eventually, John noticed the Familiar’s eyes darting to the sides where his hands rested against John’s skull. Slowly he lowered them and took a careful step back, seeming almost lost within the moment.
As his tea steeped, and the bread toasted, John pondered on his day off. Luckily, after the events of the kidnapping, he was able to speak to Sarah once she had calmed down. Even if he didn't get a girlfriend out of the deal, he had been able to talk her into letting him work. He could no longer practice true surgery, but there was always a need for a doctor for simple head colds and the frequent upset stomach. All of which John could easily work while keeping his gloves on, and he was really only working two or three days at best as of right now. Just to get back into the swing of things, as Sarah had put it during their conversation.
“You mentioned trust, John.” Sherlock held out the fork in his direction even further. “I already know you are not going to hurt me.”
“How about a cuppa? You just rest your leg, dear.” With that she attempted to turn back to the kitchen.
Sherlock continued to give John the cat-death glare. John was sure that the he was the product of many visuals of how Sherlock might be able to get away with John’s death. But for some reason, the thought of a tiny evil genius cat plotting his death had John laughing even harder.
“...What?” John paused, a deer caught in sea-green headlights once again as he stared up at Sherlock with wide eyes. “I don't...not really…”
I never considered myself a writer. Not really. And hell, reading back through a lot of this I see why!
John suddenly felt the urge to defend himself to that smirk, and squared his shoulders back, adjusting his cane slightly.
“You have to listen.” She whispered to John, as he was closing the door behind them and holding it fast with a gloved hand wrapped around the doorknob.
“You mean to say that you had no prior knowledge of such a reaction before the incident?” Concade was leaning closer now, watching John for what he suspected was an act to defend himself at the accusation. “The army believed you had lied on your forms about your magical level, and hid it until the accident brought about the inability to do so.”
“You would not be here if I did not wish it, John Watson. You being a warlock has left me with no desire to remove you from the premises. If anything, your skill-set only makes you that much more interesting and worthwhile to The Work. It is not every day that anyone finds a level four that had no prior knowledge or tutelage of their talent. Where as yours…” Sherlock paused after flopping onto his couch, using his own tail to point in John’s direction. “Your talent happens to be...
“Does that look right to you?” Sherlock asked through John’s silent inner attempt not to blow up. Slowly, he moved his head to look at their living room wall where, of all things, a smiley face had been spray painted in that god-awful yellow color.
Concade took the moment to reach down into a pocket of his white coat, pulling out a thick blue rubber glove, and of all things, a metal fork. John leaned slightly in his direction, looking at the two objects in scrutiny. Concade slipped the glove on and held the fork with his now gloved hand while using his free one to make sure the glove was snuggly fit by pulling on the edge near his wrist. After, he pointed the forked end of the utensil in John’s direction and gave it a small twitch to indicate he wanted John to take it.
the same.” Sherlock let out a sigh, and flopped completely onto his side on the couch, cheek pressed deep into the cushion. Using his own tail he flung the appendage up towards his face to cover his eyes with the black furred tip.
“There is a land-line in here, you know.” Smugness erased, Mike had turned to look at the other gentleman with a slight exasperated glance.
“But, the doctor…” John mentioned softly while looking down to his hand still grabbed onto the plain metal. Thoughts went turning back towards his first memories back in the hospital.
John paused in his sweeping to close his eyes and give a small shake of his head. There was still glass on the floor and John was not quite sure he’d ever get the entire mess cleaned up properly. He would have to be careful walking around barefoot for weeks now.
John just barely overheard Sherlock’s small sigh, before the Familiar was already up and following, leaving John to quickly get up from his seat and continue to play catch up as he was doing before.
John had no idea that his blogging of their adventure was going to be received with so many interested people asking him questions, or simply commenting on their mini-adventure. At first it had been a small following, but now hits on his blog was constantly rising every day. He originally was going to disregard the entire blogging idea along with him dismissing his therapist. Then he had found himself one late night after Sherlock had slumped into a mind palace stupor, writing till nearly daylight.
“But John,” Sherlock was currently leaning slightly over him, lowering his voice only barely because, thankfully, Sarah had already wandered off to their seats. But, John had grabbed Sherlock by the arm and yanked him to the back of the room to have a
Only then did John realize exactly what Sherlock had said, he had been far too distracted with the Familiar’s sudden attention to have put full merit in Sherlock’s earlier statement of already having moved in. He was on the receiving end of a right-ear twitch while Sherlock was now watching him carefully.
“My brother deleted anything involving the solar system many years ago, I am afraid.” Came a dark smooth tone from the other doorway.
Back at 221B, the two of them were in the living room. John had turned to nursing a cup of tea that he had very quickly moved to make as soon as they had returned. Sherlock’s cup, also made by John, lay to the side of his laptop, which Sherlock had quickly snatched up without much care to start clicking wildly on. John hadn't seen him take as much as a sip yet.
“...Concade, I do not want to seem pushy here but, I’m sure you know I have questions.” It was about as polite as John could muster right now.
With a slight smile crossing over his face, John peeked to the stairs where he guessed led to his room.
Sherlock blinked, grabbed onto his gown, and yanked it to the side to peer at his tail. A shocked expression flew into the features of that finely boned face, only to wither into a snarl as he threw his head back to yell at the ceiling.
“An enemy. If you were to ask him, he’d probably say his arch-enemy. He does so love the dramatics.”
Last thing John felt, was the warming presence of Sherlock stepping in behind him. John didn't even question how he knew it was the Familiar without looking, even as he felt long fingers being gently draped onto his shoulder. It did not even occur to him at the moment, just how much the gesture was completely out of Sherlock’s usual character.
Sherlock scowled silently, seeming to ponder the situation before suddenly turning to John in that flutter of his coat. Instead of the rant John figured he was about to receive, John suddenly found his head being cradled between large palms, fingertips barely brushing the hair at his temples as Sherlock leaned in close.
Now, John Watson could easily tell himself he wasn't racist by any means. He could do this honestly, and with a straight face. This was far easier than the fact that he wasn't sure he felt entirely comfortable though, and was even having a hard time convincing himself that the only negative feelings he was getting from the situation was that one lone factor. At least he could reason with himself in that the only reason he may be feeling slightly uncomfortable was the fact that he had been shot by a Familiar and maybe in that same brain process was the one his therapist kept attempting to tell him about with his leg not actually being injured. Maybe it was just nothing to worry about?
John couldn't help frowning at her. He was under no circumstances whatsoever Sherlock’s anything of the sort, let alone husband!
“You thought that me being a Familiar would have made me uncomfortable in your presence because you were not entirely human?
At the top, he had to take two steps for Sherlock’s one, and they were at the receptionist's desk. The girl behind the counter looked up from the screen imbedded within the marble and gave Sherlock a curious look.
“Hm?” Sitting up quickly, John stared up the length of coat up towards Sherlock’s questioning gaze. What was it he had been thinking about before?
John quickly snapped the laptop closed on hearing Mrs. Hudson’s voice downstairs, which just as quickly was only the opening act to Sherlock’s dramatic entrance into their flat with the smaller woman following on behind him. She narrowing missed getting hit with his coat as Sherlock slung the heavy material behind him and directly onto the coat hangers. From the look on his face, Sherlock was doing his best to ignore her complaint.
“How long has it been? Almost eight years since I've seen you?” Even John could see through the very obvious show the man was putting on, attempting to be friendly.
With that single name muttered, he fled the flat once more. Leaving the map to slowly slide down the wall with the knife softly screeching along the paper in a raspy wail before it finally fell to the floor.
What John wasn't prepared for was the fact that Sherlock had no human ears at all. Sure, he figured that it would be out of place to have two different sets, but it was still very unnerving for his fingers to trace over a set of small muscles felt under his hair along the sides of his skull. Letting his fingers draw back to them, he traced them up slowly where they laced under the skin of Sherlock’s skull, and up to the two furry appendages that were curiously lifted, and very still. From what John could tell, Sherlock’s cat ears actually started where his human ears would have normally been, and simply elongated up over his skull and to the set above.
Apologies for the long delay in an update to this story, but sadly as it may, life happens to force one to prioritize things. Though it is still my promise to you my few readers, I will not let this story go without an end. I love my versions of Sherlock and John to much to do so.
“I know you're an army doctor that has been recently invalidated home from Afghanistan. You have a brother who is worried about you but you will not go to him for help because you disapprove...of a drinking problem, more than likely. I would not be surprised if his wife recently left him. I also know that your therapist thinks the limp in your right leg is psychosomatic. Incorrect I am afraid, I'd fire her."
Startled, John took the folder from Mycroft, wondering where exactly had he pulled the folder from, because he had not remembered seeing the older brother having held it before. Which only caused Mycroft to give a small huff of amusement as if John was just another source of amusement.
“Sherlock!” John yelled while snatching his hand back, only to find the detective himself had been thrown back into the couch with such force that the entire thing had fallen over backwards, with Sherlock included, now with his feet pointed at the ceiling.
The woman stayed silent for the moment it took for the words to be typed out. Dipping her head down towards her collarbone in what she hoped was a meek impression.
“Don't let my brother scare you, John. I would not allow your removal if it is not what you wished.” Sherlock mentioned softly next to him.
And that is why he was currently sitting across from one General Practitioner Sarah Sawyer at a local surgery he had found. The brunette was currently looking at his Curriculum Vitae, holding the paperwork via one hand while the other finger-tapped the desk in front of her in thought.
Just as John was able to hear the approaching sirens, he slowly made his way over to the man whom he had attacked earlier, the body having finally gone still. Leaning down, he used his still gloved hand to turn the body over where he could get a better look.
“So uh...you are still at Bart’s?” John eventually asked after another of the many graceless pauses he had found himself in as far as conversation went these days.
At John’s question, Sherlock did finally open his eyes to throw a glare over at John. Both of his ears lowering dangerously close to disappearing.
Reaching up with a still gloved hand he attempted to smooth back his hair, only to find it sticking to the leather of his glove. He ended up making a face as he attempted to yank his hand back and found most of his hair attempting to follow suite in static cling. Yeah, nothing comfortable about this at all.
Turning, both Sherlock’s ears had lifted again at John’s statement. Looking between him and the mantle to the already mentioned skull, and giving the bone decoration a small confirming nod.
. The thought ripped across his mind almost as fast as John had turned to make his way back to the room that he had left Soo Lin inside.
Ever since he returned home, he hadn't had this much to think about. With days spent in the hospital, the therapy sessions, and getting the bedsit to reside in, there wasn't really a lot more to add to current events that needed thinking about. Or, wanted to think about if the case may be.
John raised his eyebrows at the rough sounding tone, scratchier than he remembered the Familiar’s voice being. He leaned over and reached further down to help Sherlock get to his feet. Subdued in realizing he must have squashed the starting point of Sherlock’s tail when they fell.
Quickly issuing Angelo some apologies as they made their way out towards the street, John found himself taking in a deeper breath of the night air to fill out his lungs in a stretch. A few small pops of his lower back and he knew he was going to be greeted with more in the morning if his body was already trying to voice its disapproval of their adventure earlier that day.
.” John was attempting to say, but the barely adult Raz simply rolled his eyes and completely bypassed John and made his way up to Sherlock, getting a miffed “Hey!” out of John.
John took a last scrub at his scalp with a towel after he had put on fresh clothes, feeling insanely better after the shower. He was still humming even as he reached down to grab his old clothes and the other towel he has used to dry off with, opening the bathroom door he moved down the hallway, through the kitchen only to find…
Dropping his groceries, John simply thrust his fists into his pockets and moved to leave the store in a festering huff of continued high annoyance.
” A sneer. “But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you, that says he wants you to stay in touch. You’re looking for cheap accommodation, but you’re not going to your brother for help. That says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife, maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
“John,” Concade started again, “There were unforeseen...difficulties involving your healing process that the facility on which you were located had been unable to deal with. You were then transported to here, so that we could treat you.”
Giving a nod, John walked into the kitchen and stopped long enough to survey what he had to work with, placing his hands on his hips.
John finally opened his eyes, looking up to his partner, the words having come more easily the longer the music went on. He was left watching Sherlock softly swaying just as he had before, but now with the lights outside coming from outside, it enveloped Sherlock in a soft halo of white that was only interrupted with a swish of his tail.
Closing his eyes John grit his teeth together in a personal snarl of anguish at the inability to do anything. It was going to be like last time. A man dies, and his life is changed forever, all over again.
Soo Lin’s body could barely be seen on top of a table placed more towards the back of the room, as if she had been delicately placed. Hair having fallen across her face that was now turned towards the door John stood in, hiding her last expression as well as her eyes. Both furry tipped ears holding way too still. One arm was left to hang off the side, the palm slightly left open to allow the placement of another dark ebony flower, framed amongst too-still fingertips in a death’s caress. A sliver of blood was already making its way down her pale arm towards the flower in a careful slow path.
When John had taken that moment for himself to enjoy his tea, he looked over the top of his mug to watch the detective on the couch. Sherlock was laid out with his head still leaning against the armrest, folded hands on his bare chest,for a portion of his gown had fallen down and was barely brushing against the floor. His tail was slung back over the backside of the couch again, with the tip out of view, but John could mentally see it twitching in thought. Pulling his gaze back up, John watched both ears gently flicking atop the dark curls.
“Obviously I can straighten things up, a bit…” Sherlock mentioned before twisting away from John to lean down over the table to pick up some stray folders, dusting underneath them as if that was the best possible solution. Only then did John actually notice that Sherlock had re-folded his ears back against his head, the two extra appendages mimicking his hair hue nearly perfectly as they shifted into the curls. So that's where they had been.
The woman from before was left speechless, standing near the end of the hallway. Gun forgotten as she barely clasped it in her nearly limp hand, having watched the last Familiar in her employ, and near to best assassin, taken out with only one hand.
With a slight narrowed brow, John stepped inside after Sherlock to find him standing near a shorter gentleman while his hand was being shaken between both of the other man’s own.
“Second jar to the fridge, on the left. Third cupboard over the stove, after. I take sugar in mine, first jar to the right of the stove.” Sherlock’s voice again.
Giving a swift annoyed kick at the door, John noticed it had a letter box at the bottom. Leaning down, he opened it with a still gloved hand and leaned in close so that he could both talk, and try to look through the small gap.
John let his card slip through the slot of the chip-and-PIN machine with a well worn sigh. Minus one head of lettuce, he had finally got everything scanned.
Sherlock gave him a nod, the smile from earlier was gone, but he wasn't giving John the cold stare that he normally gave to others. Just quiet, within their home. Even his tail had stopped its movement and was slightly curled around his right leg.
“What about it?” John asked, while he pulled the device from his pocket and sat it on top of the table and sliding it in Sherlock’s direction.
” Absolutely insane. There was just...no way. “I got shot in the shoulder and I’m just now waking up and your telling me I have been out of it for an entire two months?!” Yeah, humility all but forgotten.
Twisting the phone in those long digits, Sherlock turned the back of the phone in John’s direction, as if he didn't know what was already engraved there.
“He means Albino.” John softly answered her silent question before turning back to Sherlock. “Can’t you just do some experiment with a rabbit, or rat with the same mutation?”
Slowly the woman carefully stepped closer to him, casually lowering her hand to slide down the side of his jacket where her hand slipped into his pocket, grabbing his wallet with a sudden violent snatch and bringing it up to her face so she could open it, flipping through a few cards before daintily pulling one free.
“It is good that your glove was hiding the powder burns while we were still on the scene. Though, I wonder if there even was powder burns with a shot like that one, possibly. Regardless, I would rather avoid a future court case.”
“You thought that me being a Familiar would have made me uncomfortable in your presence because you were not entirely human?
“No clue, really. Hmm….” John peered down to the floor in thought as he clicked his phone closed, and idly tapped the plastic with a leather coated finger.
Looking at the thick plastic, he knew why the doctors had helped him pick the case out for it, old phone or not. That thought was kind of aggravating, and he knew the industrial line of phone case was mostly meant in hopes that if he did accidentally handle it without his gloves on then he had a better chance of not shorting it completely out. Just another daily handicap he had to deal with of his new lifestyle.
John was about to open his mouth but found himself being interrupted again by the front door opening and closing to allow in a gentleman in silver tipped hair, coat looking ruffled and giving Sherlock a stern look while ignoring the others within the room with a pair of overly shiny yellow eyes. Very
Blinking, John instinctively followed the orders and found that the first jar held teabags, and that would work just fine, he wasn't picky. Moving to the stove to pull open the particular cupboard mentioned, it took a minute before John found a slightly dented kettle which he grabbed.
“John.” Gone was the professional tone, and the other doctor had quickly replaced it with more concern. John was having none of that.
John on the other hand was walking to meet the kid, with an annoyed scowl plastered across his face.
“Find it, and we’ll pay you for the trouble.” Slipping a hand into a front pocket of his suit, he slipped out a piece of paper, holding it out to Sherlock between two fingers. “Five figures, in fact. This is in advance, of course.”
“Trivial, I assure you.” Turning away from Sherlock, Mycroft leaned slightly closer to John whom had been watching the two of them silently.
Sherlock quickly turned his head to John’s statement, his ears barely lifting from his head as he fought the urge to lift them entirely at the surprising comment.
He rolled his eyes at the memory of the fight he had with the scissors he had used to do so, having to wear a pair of the gloves to even allow himself to make the other pairs more comfortable without shocking himself in the process. There had been cursing involved in the act.
Thankfully he was alone, sitting on his knees while holding the tags slightly above his head while his other hand lightly batted at the metal to make it clank and clink. They were rather
For those of you wondering, yes, a lot of aspects of the Familiar "idea" is from Supernatural. Though Ive warped a few things for my personal enjoyment.
“Oh! Sorry, sorry.” John muttered, while still looking up at both ears that were turned and had both curved insides pointed directly at him, though now they seemed to be twitching, just barely.
With that said, Mycroft did not even give a moment’s notice to rest of them, as he turned and made his way back out the door, as quietly as he came. Lestrade, on the other hand, quickly stepped over to the door to peek out, only for his eyes to get wide and his head to jerk back and forth across the outside foyer. Giving a smaller shiver.
"I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned. We have what you might call a ...
“It’s expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but you’re looking for a flat-share. You wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift, then. New case, old phone.” Sherlock reached over for the phone and carefully twisted it over, clicking the case off and peering at the back closely.
Mrs Hudson simply rolled her eyes as she turned and made her way into the kitchen, with a slight shake of her hand in John’s direction as if waving his defense off.
His hand ripped free of both the restraint, and the glove. John instantly reached out and snatched his hand onto the other man’s bare neck just as he had gotten Sherlock to the floor, and gripped, hard.
“Oh come off it, Sherlock! Your hair will be just fine!” John giggled up at him after a few moments of catching his breath.
“Sherlock! Are you alright?” John leaned over the couch as far as he dared, lest he fall over it himself. Concern etched across every feature of his face.
, like he was being given a light head massage. Was that what one felt like? He’d never let anyone touch his ears in such a manner, and was suddenly questioning exactly why had he decided that it was okay for John to do so? It had seemed like a good plan at the time, but now he was fighting with those stupid bodily urges not to preen against the feeling. Sherlock Holmes was
“John,” Well at least he was being acknowledged again at least “Do not wait up, have a cup of tea, make yourself at home!” Grabbing a small pouch from the kitchen table as he went, he was already halfway down the stairs with the door banging shut behind him.
“I would also suggest, that you do try to be less noticeable in the future, John, if you are going to be following around my brother. There is only so much even I can do to keep your freedom. Just a word of advice.”
….that was an entirely different story. That little normally silent figure in the back of John’s mind took a moment to brush dust lightly off his chest with a smirk before mentally mentioning “
“Why would you think I do not want you here because of that?” Sherlock tilted his head, and finally those ears of his darted forwards in mild surprise. “I knew you were one since Bart’s.”
“You haven't written a single word yet, have you?” Ella pierced through his attempt to salvage what little personal respect John had for himself at the time being, all the while not even looking at her patient as she scribbled on the paper in her lap.
His eyes were definitely the best part. Overly large and round as if they could see the entire world around them, colored in the same tone of Sherlock’s more human form.
It was hard not to when every single curl on Sherlock’s head had stuck out into a massive fringe, as if he had stuck his finger into a light socket. Just like out of the cartoons that John used to watch when he was younger. You couldn't even see his ears in the huge poof ball his hair had turned into.
Both John and Mycroft turned to see a very disgruntled Sherlock watching the both of them carefully, throwing a little more of a hated look towards Mycroft personally. Letting out another one of those well worn sighs, Mycroft turned to face his brother more-so than John.
But Mrs. Hudson was in league with Sherlock’s deafness as she completely ignored the soured look and reached over to softly pat John’s shoulder with the undeterred smile while placing her newspaper on the table in front of him.
, I think that is about enough for the day, we are very tired Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock yanked himself from the couch and was quickly attempting to show Mrs. Hudson the door with a soft, yet pressured grip to her shoulders. “Very tired. John is speaking nonsense, clearly hasn't got any rest.”
nothing to do and no where to be he was attempting to hold a brisk pace, as much as a limping old man could hold with his dignity dying with every half shuffled step, but by bloody damn if John was going to let anyone see him as weak. Regardless of how he currently felt.
If you are interested enough in wanting to beta for me, do please leave me a message. Ive got a few people that have looked over this a few times, though I could always use the extra help. I have mild dyslexia, and it is a struggle to even get anything this clean. This also causes me to write fairly slow, as I find it hard to burst out a chapter without the proper inspiration. So, if your wanting a chapter every week, I'll have to apologize. With my work/life schedule, I'm really only able to write when I can. But do know that I don't intend to abandon this. Ive worked too hard at it.
John opened his mouth to respond, but found he had been struck mute. He really did not know what to say to this news. He was lucky to be alive, yes. But, all of this, he didn't know how to take. Concade let out a small sigh on noticing John’s silent reaction, he reached to rub at a temple before continuing.
, he had just killed a man not even a few hours ago with his bare hand. But, it was that thought that coursed through his thoughts like a oily wave of guilt, and he placed his now re-covered leather-bound hand on Sherlock’s arm. Gently pushing him to the side that ended up with him receiving a narrowed side-eyed glance from the detective. Slowly John stepped forwards and gave the man named Mycroft his best stern, army stoic expression.
“Let me deduce. You wake up, thinking you should be currently in a warzone, only to find yourself in a building you do not recognize with people that you also do not recognize, and you felt threatened, regardless of being in a hospital setting.” Sherlock voiced John’s current thoughts, though with a bit more detail than John would have liked.
“I wish I could tell you it was all for a joke, John.” Concade mentioned quietly as he twirled the fork into his fingers to hold it up for John to see. “But that is exactly why you were moved. Your company was unable to handle the reaction caused by your body coming in contact with conductive metal. Nor were there any other places they could bring you for medical care that could provide the service without causing both you, and other people harm. Thus, you were flown back to London as quickly as they could, though not before infection had already set in.”
“Call me Sherlock.” Was responded while taking John’s hand and giving it a shake, afterwards he moved closer to the building and waved a hand in its direction in indication to John.
As fate would have it though, Sherlock appeared just fine. Giving John one of those real actual smiles before John felt the last of the rope being tugged off of both him and the chair.
“Sherlock what in the hell!” John attempted to pull away from the sudden touch. He had been actively avoiding his skin touching anyone for months now, and with the sudden skin to skin contact he felt his breath hitch. Waiting to see if Sherlock would only yank back at the sudden bite of electric current that John was sure was going to emit itself in sudden shock.
John regarded him with that announcement with a few short blinks. Eventually, leaning back against their bench and tilting his head slightly.
That planetary thought had John giggling around his toothbrush as he brushed his teeth in their shared bathroom. Sherlock, for all his talk about that precious “mind palace” of his, had accidently leaked to John about his knowledge of their solar system. Or, lack thereof. Like a good friend, John had spent at least an hour and two glasses of tea heckling the detective with planet jokes and bad puns. The lanky Familiar had finally drooped into a proper pout on the couch with ears backed permanently against his skull before John finally took pity on him.
It was another empty classroom, and John had no idea where else he could go, and it was only again by luck did he glance over at a window to the far building along the other side, the building he hadn't chosen to go into first.
Instinctively Sherlock swiveled his head in a sharp twitch to send that previous glare straight into John’s face, but something Sherlock saw there made him pause. John could almost feel the detective’s eyes reading over his flustered expression as he huffed. Slowly, Sherlock uncoiled his hand from the gun’s grip, allowing John to fully grab the weapon to unload the clip. Only then was he able to take a full breath, that he let out in a rough whoosh, pocketing both.
” Sherlock replied, in what John could only guess was Italian. Don't stare, John, he reminded himself. Don’t stare.
Roland-Kerr College, that is where the map had led him. Going from classroom to classroom was all he was left with now as he continued to try and find the idiot that had gone missing. Calling Sherlock’s name every time he opened a door only to find the room behind it empty, John was starting to feel desperate. He had called that Lestrade fellow on the way here, via a phone call to the police, but would they make it in time?
It wasn't that Sherlock had never been on the other side of a slamming door before. Even with Mycroft having gone off to school when he was younger for most of his childhood, the few times he had been around, their home had been filled with enough slamming doors that their parents had attempted to soften the door frames with a fabric coating to keep the sound from echoing painfully. Sherlock had ripped his off in a manner of days in retaliation.
And where was his cane? He could close the door that way without getting up. Instead, the traitorous object was leaning against the frame of the very doorway that was irritating his mood. John had a short mental struggle as he glared at the cane as if the inanimate object was mocking him. John was sure it was.
Taking a breath and holding it, John grabbed the forked end that was being held out to him, and closed his eyes, expecting to hear a yelp of pain from his friend due to electric shock.
The ears were instantly back. Darting up from Sherlock’s head in furry pointed surprise before they just as quickly darted back into dark curls to disappear again, Sherlock very clearly giving John a look after. John swallowed nervously.
As John was slowly drifting off, without even having finished removing his clothes, or his last glove, he found himself thinking that even though all his stuff had been moved and carefully placed into his new home, that was still no reason for him to actually
At least he had found a comfortable position, head slightly perched forwards from the pillow. Both furry ears instinctively tilted towards his bedroom door as he heard the water start to run in the bathroom. His hearing did not have to be good enough to hear through a single wall, and soon after he folded both down against his skull to try to block out the noise. Yes, his hearing was good, too good sometimes.
“Um...yes?” John quietly answers as if not to disturb Mrs Hudson and carefully put down the paper back on the table and shoved himself up to walk over to the door, cane in tow.
“Exactly.” Sherlock had pointed in John’s direction after with the same happy look, both ears twisting forwards at the sound of his voice. “That is why I already moved in.”
In their candle lit refuge John found himself laughing along with Sherlock, and when John’s dinner arrived shortly after he found himself feeling rather warm and cozy in Sherlock’s presence as the younger man simply sipped from the single water he had ordered. The meal was rather good actually, whatever it was that Sherlock had ordered for him. The darker portions of the day were forgotten amongst the light conversation of deduction tactics that Sherlock was more than happy to inform him of, and John drank them in like a dying man back from the desert in search of water.
And suddenly, Sherlock couldn't help that side of him that wanted to tear this little cretin into tiny itty bitty bits from showing its face a little.
“You’re not the only one to enjoy a good murder. There’s others out there just like you, except you’re just a typical Familiar...and they’re so much more than that. No hiding from me, Mr. Holmes.”
This is my very first "serious" (I consider) Fanfic, and I'm hoping to eventually take this story a long way. Not sure where it will go, though I do have major ideas in plan for the future. There may or may not be singing.
John caught Sherlock giving the tiniest roll of his eyes at the use of the french word in that statement, making it almost mute in point. John had to bite his lower lip to try to keep from snickering.
” Sherlock angrily raised his voice back. Too bad that answer was filled with too many words for John to make out clearly, regardless of the raised voice.
“If it was speaking about my brother, at least then I might have been amused for a few minutes.” Sherlock answered towards John’s retreating backside while twisting himself on the couch where he could stretch out and put his head onto the armrest, closing his eyes.
“Sherlock Holmes, I would say it is quite the pleasure to meet you, but given the current circumstances…”
John waited a moment in quiet, blinking after a moment when he turned his head towards the door and let his ear press against the metal. Somewhere inside, he thought he could hear random thumps and scuffling around. Sherlock was moving on with investigating the entire flat without him.
“Got, or stole?” John crossed his arms in front of his chest, every bit the disapproving parent in this situation.
John was still in a very white area when he awoke without the blackness of unconsciousness just a few inches behind to take him again. He was currently located in a hospital bed of sorts, though this one seemed far rickety than he would have liked. The thing looked like it had been pieced together with plastic, and with a slight knock of his knuckles against the side bar to his left he realized that is exactly what the bed was made out of. Instead of simply being painted white, he only received a dulled sound to his knocking, indicating it to be made from hard plastic.
“Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection. Tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone, never see a drunk’s without them.”
“W..heh..W-wait, Sherlock!” John tried getting up out of chair only to find that the laughing had caused him to nearly stumble, where he had to brace himself for a moment before following after the retreating black feline, calling down the hallway.
“We need to go to the bank.” Sherlock suddenly stated in mid-turn, and was already throwing his coat on.
With that said, and before John could defend his sexuality further she had already stepped into the kitchen with a slightly muffled ‘Oh Sherlock! The mess in here...’, and the sound of scattering glassware could be heard.
But it was already becoming too much for the younger, and John couldn't bring himself to lie again to the man. If there was anything a dying man deserved, it was a little bit of honesty in the end. So what did John say in his defense? Not a bloody thing. He did notice the very last chance that David had to focus his vision despite the current pain he was in, and it wasn't John that he was looking at, but above them.
“But it’s only just past mid-day…” Mrs. Hudson attempted before Sherlock had her completely out their door.
“Sorry...I don’t normally…I am not really...” John murmured mostly to himself only to pause when he realized that Sherlock was still looking at him expectantly. Both his ears had pulled about and were curved in his direction even from the sideways look he was getting. John swallowed nervously. “I don’t sing very well.” He finally got out.
“A warning.” Sherlock clicked the phone closed, and grasped it tightly within his palm, to only then use that same hand to prop his chin up with use of his elbow on his knee. “An obvious warning.”
John was ignored at first by the other man, whom had decided it was a good time to stand back up and pull a scarf where it had been hanging on the wall and wrap it about his neck. After, he reached into his coat to pull out a mobile and flipped it open to look. John had a few seconds to realize that the man’s own cell phone had actually
Both Sherlock and John looked up at the noise, and John gave a small cough while putting a hand over his own stomach, trying to clear the air as it were with a nervous smirk.
laptop?” John suddenly questioned even before the thought had fully developed. Having paused with the shopping still in tow.
“And as I have been attempting to tell you, Lestrade, this was self defense. You would have had three bodies on your hand rather than just the two, and those three bodies would be far more innocent than the two you ended up with.” Replied Sherlock with a verbal sneer in his voice.
John frowned for a moment into his tea. He was slightly worried that Sherlock would take offense to him being curious. John had also very quickly found out that Sherlock was very quick to anger when it came to any sort of comment, or certain type of approach, that had to deal with his genetic line. John remembered one evening where the Familiar had got absolutely livid over a night where John had asked if he wanted some extra milk from the store.
John still cringed, expecting to be long gone from this plane of existence after the woman had pointed the gun at him. Instead, he was left squinting one eye open and noticing her casually looking down at the gun before shrugging her shoulders. Lowering a hand to her pocket, she pulled out a small clip that she inserted into the butt of the gun with a metallic click that seemed to echo quietly into the stone around them.
His mood was just about to shift to that darker side he had been wallowing in by the time he did make it up the stairs, but Sherlock seemed patient enough to wait till John was at his side. After, he turned to unlock the door and swept himself inside with a flutter of that coat of his. John watched the fluid movement with interest that erased the fleeting thought of hobbling up the stairs, and made his way inside after him.
It was during these earlier years though that even as a child John felt restless. It wasn't as if he had a bad childhood, hardly. But that normal feeling that eventually reached him to wonder about things having more substance, his own personal place in the world, was a feeling that not only never really left, but seemed to continue to affect him long after most normal people would have accepted their lot in life.
, don’t seem very frightening.” John answered back in clear retaliation. Only causing the man’s smirk to continue unabated.
Briefly the other man paused in his clicking to look up at John under a few fallen curls with that same blue gaze from before. For some reason, John suddenly felt the urge to swallow, but…
Instantly the pistol was nearly thrown to the side as the woman darted her entire body around to aim, and fire at both the sound and the shadowed figure directly straight at the end of the alleyway. Sherlock threw his body to the side of the wall to dodge and quickly hid himself among the shadows.
Well. That cat is out of the bag….Damn it. Now John’s thoughts were rebelling against his attempt to be more civil. Frowning again, he looked back to Sherlock.
Sherlock on the other hand, was having none of it. Refusing to look back, the feline stopped at his closed bedroom door and head-butted a section of the bottom wood. John realized very quickly amidst his tear-stained gaze that Sherlock had a some point built himself a small and unnoticeable cat door to his room. A piece of wood swung open into the room, and Sherlock pounced inside as quickly as possible.
“What now Mrs. Hudson?! Can't you see I am plotting murder here?!” Sherlock snapped back at his landlady, twirling about to face her.
“The M.O.D. has been working on a new missile defense system, the Bruce-Partington Programme. Andrew West was in possession of a very
“Harry Watson: clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live. Unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently.” Turning the phone around again. “This model’s only six months old. Marriage in trouble then, six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he would have kept it. People do,
John woke up in a startled fashion that most would have been lead to believe he had been having a nightmare about his time in the war. Sadly that wasn't the case this time around, and John was more disgusted by the fact he had been startled awake simply by a dream that had been replaying his earlier memories of returning to London. Even if his nightmares of the war turned into phantom yelling in the middle of the night, to be awaken and disturbed by something so mundane was far more embarrassing in the ex-soldier's mind.
Which only made Mrs. Hudson to giggle even harder into her palms that she now held up against her face to try and hold them in. Sherlock came whirling back down the hallway to point at John’s still laughing form in only the most dramatic fashion, with his gown billowing out from behind him.
Propped up on his elbows with the covers of his bed twisted about him, John gave a small sigh to the quiet walls of his current bedsit. Closing his eyes he took a moment to attempt to deal with the quiet the room gave him, how it etched itself into the detailed lines of his current situation. It was a defining factor that John wished wouldn't remind him of well...anything.
A pause, muffled laugh, it sounded like John might have been turning around in the shower. Maybe he was attempting to be quiet, but Sherlock could hear everything just fine. Specially, with one of ears cupped to the side of the door. When did that happen?
“Ugh, alright, alright…” John gave up the argument before it had even started, he was getting tired at this point. Might as well try to give the shopping another chance. Pocketing the wallet he went back for his coat, slipped it on while opening the door. “Don’t wait up.”
Brushing a finger over the digital letters in thought, John ended up glancing over at his desk to notice that he hadn't put his laptop away from earlier. This brought on the idea that maybe it would be a better idea if he attempted to find out a little more on who this Sherlock Holmes person was before he actually went out to meet with him again. Better safe than sorry was always a good rule.
Some short time later, with two added coffees to their floundering conversation, John found himself sitting on the bench that Mike had been occupying earlier. With his cane placed to the side and both gloved hands wrapped about his cup he was quietly sipping with his old friend doing much of the same.
“You just want to see.” Sherlock mentioned after a few moments of silence, to then sit on the couch instead of laying down as he was originally. “You are just curious as to what I look like.”
Dropping the boot back into the bag haphazardly, he was about to kick the clothes back into the closet, except for that last second he was sure he had heard something metallic rattle in the bag. Slowly he turned his body back to the closet, both ears twitched forwards and he took a moment to considered what it may be. Finally he dropped to his knees and thrust both hands into the duffel bag to find it, tail whipping behind him to cause his gown to sling back and forth.
“And how do you know that?” John glowered at the girl, and instinctively regretted it when she gave a soft breathy wail and slumped to the floor.
But, John remembered that Sherlock had mentioned that she had been wrong in her conclusion and he should fire her. Did that mean something was actually wrong with his leg? Oddly enough, he found he was comforted by this thought. He rather actually be in pain rather than some lady he had only known in the last few months tell him that he was loony in the head.
Sherlock promptly leaped off the couch and began to stalk his way down the hallway to his room, tail high in the air.
“You said, maybe later. Well, according to the current time frame, right now would be an approximate time after your statement. Thus, it is now later.”
John didn't answer at the first, simply looking at his therapist as he felt his gloved fingers clenching onto the top of his cane, a few mere inches from the alloy tipped cap that was an adding factor to a lot of his problems. He then looked down to his clenched fingers, watching the material of the gloves scrunch about his knuckles in a silent show of frustration, and gave the slightest shake of his head.
If a story about John H. Watson were to exist, or a biography rather, he would be the first to tell you that you might as well skip a major portion of his earlier life. Born to a normal human family, a normal human mother and father, a normal if not aggravating older sister, and to say much else would be a feat of strength at best.
“Hardly, I made sure it happened.” Sherlock was giving him what could be almost described as a sweet smile now. If that wasn't creepy, John wasn't sure what was.
Thinking that he might as well get this over with, John found that he was already getting up from his chair to sit down next to Sherlock. Even though his body seemed to be moving on it’s own to the offer, it didn't help the slight knot John was feeling in his stomach. Twisting slightly to the side he looked atop Sherlock’s head.
“The correct word you are looking for is melanistic of the panthera genus. But you are wrong on both accounts.” Sherlock was quick to mention as was his usual when correcting someone, but the expression was still one of slight caution when John glanced back to him.
They ended up holding hands, through a doorway for a few minutes before John eventually cleared his throat.
A hand went to rub at his upper calf muscle without even noticing it, for John seemed more intent on studying the white blank page in front of him. His tea was also forgotten, in that moment John found himself slowly going back in time to a few days before where he had been in that room with that irritating psychotherapist’s office.
It was found, that Familiars could be born from humans without the taboo act of a copulation between Warlock/Witch and their selected Familiar. Even though numerous testing still has limited results as to why this is, humanity has simply accepted the fact. Most Familiars are born with any sort of particular physical aspect to suggest their genealogy. Be it the more common slitted eyes or partially clawed fingernails, these physical aspects could even resort up to ears, wings, scales, tails, and many other aspects have been documented. These physical aspects are normally registered in the womb of the pregnant female before birth, and c-sections are always recommended to eliminate further difficulties. Magic-users on the other hand, are normally only found later in childhood. ‘Late-Bloomers’ that only show signs of magic-use much later in life are seen unusual, but not unheard of.
“Oi yourself!” The cab driver called from the front driver’s seat with a scowl into his rear-view window.
Just as he was about to read further so that maybe he would have a chance to catch up with whatever was going on, the door suddenly opened, and Sherlock was peeking his head inside in a single darted movement. Causing John to startle and nearly drop the paper he had been holding.
There was a small pause here. John didn't say anything at first, and Sherlock very pointedly didn't look back in his direction.
Sherlock was already flinging himself back down onto the couch, and attempting to put the strange moment out of his mind as John’s singing had turned into quiet humming instead.
Inside, John found Sherlock standing in the middle of the room, looking towards their window where another tall dressed fellow that John recognized was standing, leaning slightly on what John figured by now was his signature umbrella.
“No need, though…” And here he was being leaned slightly over again. The man’s tone turning to a far more serious turn. “In a return favor, for further information I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
, John noticed. He wondered for a second why he kept catching onto these things quickly, but then he knew exactly why he was, and he frowned slightly at that thought.
“Angelo’s, if you would.” He mentioned when the cab driver drew his attention away from the road slightly to tilt an ear back in Sherlock’s direction.
John had been enjoying some quiet time in front of his computer, finally trying to get through as many replies on his blog so that he did not seem rude, but the gunshots from their downstairs living room was just not having any of it. In a single smooth movement, John thrust back away from his desk, sprung out of chair, and thumped his way downstairs to skid to a stop at the landing, only slightly out of breath from the quick movement.
he was going to touch any of his bits and risk shocking himself there, and he wasn't about to let something as a little open door kill his mood. The entire flat was quiet, and if John stayed quiet, then it would be just fine.
John found that he was not too bothered by the lack of communication though, instead he left the detective sprawled out and made his way up the stairs, down the small hallway to the end room, which was cracked partially open.
While pondering just how Mycroft had painted the room and have it dry in the span of half a day and night, John had moved to sit down onto his bed, toeing his shoes off and was about to work on the rest of his clothing when his hands brushed against the bed covering. Blinking, he twisted slightly in his seat to look at the bed itself.
, you interfering Stray.” She hatefully spat back as she slowly made her way down the tunnel, turning this way and that to try and grab even the smallest glance of him. “Is that a risk you're willing to take?”
“Shall we?” Sherlock suddenly mentioned though before the conversation could further into more greetings between the two of them, and unlooped himself from Mrs Hudson to make his way up the stairs.
“Any good?” A head tilt forced those curls to the side again in much the same manner that John had seen before when he had first met Sherlock at Bart’s. Though now the ears were perked forwards with a slight quiver in a much more interested manner then they had been before.
John closed his eyes and took a second to hope that somewhere, he hoped that Soo Lin could forgive him for this second mistake. After a moment, he opened them so that he could in turn close her brother’s eyes. What might have been an act of attempting to put the Familiar’s soul to sleep, was more done in the fact that John could barely stand the accusing dead glare the body was giving him.
Once he heard John having left the building, Sherlock reached into his gown where he knew one of the inner pockets lay, and drew out the chain holding the tags he had found. Something in the back of his mind told him that he should be putting them back, but as he twirled them in mid air to watch the chain wrap about his fingers, it was a thought flung back into the dark where it had came from.
John didn't like remembering back to that day, he would rather much remember the better times of his career, but with ups came downs. If the middle of Afghanistan, in the middle of a full shootout weren't already a recipe for disaster than John was certainly again, in the middle of a down rather than an up.
“Humming. What is it?” The Familiar gave a slight incline of his head as he looked to John from behind a few random curls that had fallen forwards from the movement.
Sherlock’s ears kept flat to his head, even if they twitched of their own accord at the man’s words to cause his hair to ruffle slightly. Slowly he stepped forwards, slipping off his coat for what felt like the first time today and uncoiled his black tail from around his waist with a flick. Placing the coat on the back of the chair, he sat down in front of both the bottles and the other Familiar.
But, that was all more the reason to look up what information he could find. Frown was quickly turned into slight puzzlement over the realization that he did not want Sherlock to have any other reason to be angry at him. Sad to say, John was still mostly ignorant of Familiars over-all, and yet Sherlock really was no different than living with any other bloke, besides the ears and tail.
Frequently John found himself wondered if living in 221B was either frantic, interesting, or downright frustrating. Maybe a little from all three. But, it was never boring, and that was certainly a plus.
“And what exactly did they steal?” John mentioned, since Sherlock seemed rather engaged with looking about the room, and promptly not looking at Sebastian himself.
John enjoyed music, even though he knew he was rubbish at singing. So usually it was just something he filed away for when his private time wasn't involving
Keeping that pleased look about himself, Sebastian moved to sit back down at his desk and prompted for the two of them to sit as well. Sherlock took a second to glare at the offending piece of furniture before plopping down into it with a huff, and John followed after his own chair, a little less plopping on his end.
John awoke what felt like minutes later to the vibration of his phone going off in his pocket. Nearly jumping out of his seat he found Sherlock having found his way back to the couch, clicking through his own phone. The Familiar raised his gaze just slightly to peer at John’s erratic movement before he looked back down, the white glow from the cellphone making his eyes flicker oddly.
Lestrade and John look at one another with questioning glances, while Sherlock remained completely engrossed in the phone itself, clicking to find the picture and quickly opening it. After taking a moment to look at it himself, he turns the phone around so that both John and Lestrade could see the picture itself.
But now, the color was even brighter amongst the dark fur, that much more brilliant and intelligent looking on the cat that any other color would have given it.
“Nothing to worry about, John.” Sherlock reached up to grab the offered hand so that he could pick himself off of the floor / fallen couch. “It was just a miscalculation on my part. The sudden movement of course would have caused your ability to activate in self defense at the surprise. I’ll know better in the future.” All said while he sat the couch back up into its proper standing position.
Currently, he was making his way down the steps of the National Antiquities Museum lost in whirling thoughts that were flinging today’s events around in a jumbled pattern that only Sherlock would have recognized. If thoughts could be manifested into physical format.
have tonight?” Angelo had pulled a small notebook from another larger pocket along with a pen and was looking fondly at the two of them in wait. John was about to attempt to correct the man again but...
“Glad to see you awake finally, Doctor Watson.” The man using his medical title while peering to the slightly glowering man in the bed before him. John was annoyed enough by now to bite into this other medical professional with questions on his current state, but he knew just how badly patients that were actually doctors themselves could be, and did his best to narrow the destructive thoughts below humility.
John on the other hand was taking up a corner of her patient’s couch. Front legs drawn together with his cane leaning against them, both gloved hands propped up on the top of the offending crutch. The last few weeks John had learned to mostly keep his actual thoughts to himself, for he found that his attitude since the incident had leaned more towards the darker turn that life had directed him to.
Breathing heavily he rushed at the barred window, lifting both fists to bang against it as he called out Sherlock’s name to no avail. He was just too far away to be heard. John banged against the glass in frustration, again, with the material giving absolutely no leeway to his physical onslaught. Reaching down to his waist he pulled his Sig Sauer into his gloved left hand, the appendage both trembled in the leather grasp as he pointed it towards the other building.
Surprisingly, Sherlock didn't respond back with another snide remark. Instead, slowly both ears unfolded from his skull to regard John with a careful look as his eyes slowly opened. John held the gaze, if it was one thing he was good at, it was not backing down. Eventually, the detective let out another small sigh in defeat.
“You are at least slightly smarter than you look. The radius curvature of these walls is nearly four metres. If you miss, and you
“Landlady, dear. Not your housekeeper.” She lifted a hand to point and tap her finger in the air at him.
John lay on the floor, with one arm partially thrust through the little cat door, reaching around as if he was actually going to find Sherlock this way. It was all very ridiculous, really. Eventually, even John realized this and pulled his leather bound hand back so that he could use the extra leverage and push himself into a sitting position. Twisting about on the wooden floor, he was able to scoot and put his back against the door so that he could lean and catch his breath.
“Why’s that?” John tilted his head back to regard the very tall Familiar standing over him, which only caused Sherlock to take a deep breath. One of the few attempts that John had seen where Sherlock was trying not to respond too unkindly, even if he had very little patience.
Glancing down he did his best to hide the small frown as he moved to lift his cane up while putting his weight more-so on the rail itself as he made his way up the stairs at a far slower pace than Sherlock.
John was about to start onto a rather lengthy rant about all of the almost certain problems of this situation in general were, but that bloody grin. Instead, he gave out a breathy laugh, one that even surprised himself. He turned to look at Mike, to see if he had any input to add to this ridiculous conversation.
With a turn of the left door’s knob John found the bathroom, and amazingly enough, clean towels folded on the back of the toilet. John had a small hunch that he should later be thanking Mrs Hudson for those, rather than his now suddenly absent flatmate.
Back in 221B, Sherlock was currently stabbing a map of London onto their flat’s wall with the small knife he had used earlier to stab his mail down onto the mantle. Using one hand to help hold half the paper up, he used the other to slide fingertips across different streets, not realizing in the small amount of time he had begun to growl under his breath in a very not-human like way.
Soo Lin only gave Sherlock the barest moment of shock, and then distain before looking back down at the teapot cradled between her hands. Slowly the look was enveloped into a sloping regret, eyelashes framing her dark eyes to make them look even darker in the slight light from her work station.
In a similar movement from before, except three pairs of eyes this time and not two, found them looking towards the doorway to find Mycroft standing, as if he had been there the entire time. Leaning slightly on that umbrella he always seemed to be carrying around. Dressed in his usual business attire.
John stood behind Sherlock as his flatmate was currently being lectured rather harshly by a very annoyed looking Lestrade. The older Familiar was just barely able to keep from growling himself at the situation that felt like he’d been thrown into.
Without regarding Sherlock, Mycroft slowly stepped into the room so that he could offer a folder in John’s direction. “A civil servant, named Andrew West, was found dead this morning on the Battersea Station tracks. Head completely smashed in.”
. He was in mid-snicker of his own internal joke when he noticed his door to his room was open. John paused, hadn't he closed it last night?
activities. Both of which, he had not been in the mood for before coming to Baker street. With one pleasure having been
John glared up at the fire escape ladder that Sherlock had jumped to as if the piece of rust covered metal was the source of all the current issues that John was currently having mentally to this situation. He was not about to admit even to himself that a part of his pride had been wounded when the Familiar had jumped and caught hold of the ladder as if he was just as easily reaching up to grab a tea cup off a high shelf.
“Maybe the reason you are so moody is because I've never seen you actually shift in the weeks I have been here.”
“Um...what now?” John turned back to whom he had been addressed by, only to find that the man had moved back over to the table he had been working on before, and was currently tapping away at a laptop that now adorned the table itself.
Softly humming to himself between sips of tea, John gave the blog’s comments a few quick browses over before telling himself he’ll try and answer some of the more interesting comments later. A small reply to his league of followers allowed him to let his viewers know-so. Pausing afterwards, he looked around the empty flat. Without Sherlock around, the flat just seemed really quiet.
Sitting the phone finally to the side on the bedside table he pushed himself back up and stood to move over to his desk, not bothering with the cane this time. Cracking his knuckles he took a minute to let the laptop load up Quest’s website and typed in the name, Sherlock Holmes, into it’s search box.
Just as suddenly, John felt Sherlock shift where he could step behind him. Sherlock’s hand being moved to place itself along the small of John’s back with light pressure as he tilted his head towards the street in indication of the fancy black car parked a little aways from the main group of officer vehicles. The windows tinted so black, one was unable to tell if there were any other individuals actually in the car itself.
So when John had woken up and made his way down to take his shower, which Sherlock thought had taken a little too long, he was laid up in his bed with hands perched under his chin even in his laying down position. Indeed he had heard John attempt to get his attention, he just didn't really feel like answering. Why should he bother? He had much more important things to ponder about.
Black short, yet fluffy, fur covered the entire smaller feline that sat elegantly as possible on the couch. A rounded skull with the small black ears atop it, and a very slightly squished in little nose between fluffy cheeks adorned with the usual whiskers.
Before he reached over to the cane propped against his bed though, he first reached over to the small bedside table where little else stayed besides the black pair of gloves had laid from the night before where he had sat them. Holding the soft material up to his face he gave the extra cloth a slight glower before he took the few moments to slip the offending pair onto both of his hands, tugging at the cut-away edge on his wrists. He remembered shredding most of the material once he had been given a box of the gloves, for they could have easily been pulled up to his elbows before. John didn't like the extra constricting feeling, and had taken matters into his own hands to shred most of the pairs down to his wrists.
” at the sound of the giggling, with a follow up hiss. John was left with a fuzzy ball of anger when Sherlock’s fur stood up on end.
Sherlock had thought that letting John explore, was going to be no big deal. A silly meaningless act that would allow him to be more comfortable in their flat around him so that Sherlock wouldn't be forced to tiptoe around him. Not that he would have actually done so, but he was going to at least attempt to avoid the entire situation. If that meant letting John actually touch his ears, so be it.
The man seemed to take a moment to stretch, giving a slight roll to his shoulders before moving back to the strict posture that continued to lord over John’s.
A bond normally shows both individuals involved to exhibit a burst to their natural strengths when together. A physical relationship between a Familiar and its owner is seen as taboo, and looked upon with scorn. Once a Familiar has found their ‘master’, they are unable to leave them, nor find another, and are still subject to direct orders. They still retain their ability to switch between their more human form, and their animal aspect at free will. Telepathy is still available, though only to their master, whom also can still block this ability if they decide to.
Sherlock had already moved closer to the painting that adorned the main wall of the room, framed inside was a portrait of an older gentleman that John had already figured was Sir William himself. But, on the wall to the left of the portrait was what really had Sherlock’s attention.
“It has been approximately…” The doctor paused to look down at his clipboard. “Two months since your incident.”
Concade didn't say anything at first, continuing to watch John’s reaction and appeared to be mentally deciding on the next course of words as to believe if what his patient was saying was true or not. Finally, he looked down to his clipboard while putting the fork back into his pocket. After, he grabbed a pen that had been clipped on the side and began writing down quick notes.
“Yes, the bloody PIN machine, Sherlock.” John huffed again. “Well, sort of. Mostly me cursing at it.”
“The carpet matches the drapes!” John cackled. It appeared that Sherlock’s tail had also flared into an equally massive electric shock-state. With every bit of his fur standing completely on end.
“You said you could identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb.” John smirked at him, challenging him further. He had read through the website and even though he had been impressed with the amount of detail, he found he had wanted to see this sort of deduction for himself.
Suddenly John was falling backwards as the door behind him decided to open without prior acknowledgement, only to be caught by two dark coated arms wrapping around him. Together, John and Sherlock fell backwards, leaving John to land heavily atop of the detective with the
After a small walk across a slightly crowded trade room, they had stopped before a door, and Sebastian was already motioning to it with a slight bow of his head.
him. You could walk downstairs and he would know exactly who you had been shagging the night before.” Sebastian continued regardless.
“You were shot, as you obviously have figured out. Entrance wound to the left sternum, the bullet itself fractured and I wish I could tell you the back looks as lovely as the front. Surrounding muscle and tissue has been cleaned of infection, though may continue to cause you pain even after the healing process.”
John brought a hand up to his face to slowly run it down with a groan. All he had wanted to do was have a nice day in, blog a bit, a nice warm cup of tea….
Suddenly, shortly after, Sherlock slung his head around towards both John and Sebastian. John was just barely able to catch a twitching ear before it rested among the curls once more.
Ella, his psychotherapist slash magical awareness Councillor, sat partially to the front and left side of him in that overly large chair of hers. A yellow notebook lay across her crossed legs lap while she idly tapped a pen to softly rasp against the fibers of the paper.
of your situation, we are going to have to take extra precautions before allowing you to leave the hospital.”
Very slowly, the ears atop Sherlock’s head slowly backed against his now completely feline skull, before the small creature gave a very human like sigh and letting its feline body slip to the side to flop onto the couch in an exact mimic of earlier.
Mrs Hudson interrupted him with a firm shake of her head, afterwards looking at him with almost motherly concern.
Suddenly Sherlock’s hand flashed out, holding it open and waiting. The glare was back, and he was looking at John, giving a slight shake to his hand. So much for that.
John couldn't help giving a glare at that gesture, the words ‘smug arsehole’ coming to mind when he reached forwards to take the offered cane, only to find that it actually was the very one he had left behind at the college. He hadn't even noticed it being gone. The recollection of this seemed to filter out towards the other man and he was given a slight smirk. John had already decided he didn't like this man.
“I don't have to.” Mycroft replied back with a much more calmer air, slowly he turned back to John, to give him that same smile from before, like oil on water. “Isn't that right, John? I will be seeing you
) he had needed to learn the five levels so that when a magical patient needed attending, the current level could give an indication of what procedures needed to be put in place for that particular patient. John knew as a human he was already listed as a level one, without magical awareness what-so-ever. Levels two and three were the most common with what most perceived as a normal state for most magical users. Four on the other hand, was for the more enhanced levels where a state of awareness was more prominent. Five, were the users that were deemed as an actual threat in their talents. John shuddered to think about this, as he knew that level fives were not even allowed in the general public.
On slowly pushing the door open, John was met with both a pleasant clean smell, and something that might have been fresh paint at some point. Inside held most of his belongings among the white walls, not all of his furniture, but at least the pieces that John knew he actually cared about. His bed was done in proper order against the wall, with his bedside table, lamp, and digital clock next to it. Alongside his small chester drawer was his desk on the opposite wall, next to what looked like a closet. His laptop had been placed almost delicately on top of his desk with the same chair he had been using pulled slightly out from the desk itself, as if waiting for someone to sit in it. Near the wall with his bed, he even had a small window of his own.
“Wait.” John was a little preoccupied to notice her question, not that he actually wanted to answer it in the first place. “You just wrote ‘Still has trust issues’, there.”
“Nothing to worry about, the landlady is giving me a nice deal. Her husband was sentenced to death in Florida a few years ago, and now she owes me a favor for helping her out.”
He was left on these thoughts when he realized he was attempting to pull the keys to his bedsit from his pocket. Apparently he had been running on autopilot to return here, and he suspected he had at least paid the cabbie to bring him, otherwise he’d be coming back online to some rather intense yelling.
John found himself growling under his breath again as he stuttered his way over to the counter to thrust the bags onto. Turning around, he huffed loudly in Sherlock’s direction with both hands back on his hips.
John didn't notice it at first, he was still biting back the pain as it slowly dimmed back down to a manageable level. Giving a small shake to his head he let his arm lower and found himself looking at the nurse that had appeared. The two of them looked at each other as if deer, both caught in each others different headlights. It was John though that broke the tension and looked around to the white medical equipment, the IV that was strangely pulled as far away from him as possible with a long cord of clear plastic before it creeped into his arm. The softly beeping heart monitor, also pulled to the far side of the room, yet he seemed to still be attached with the cords running under his gown to his chest, it was all familiar to him as far as equipment but…
The woman shouted something in Chinese to the man whom had attempted to catch Sherlock, only to cause him to lose his attention right at the exact moment that Sherlock came barreling out from the side wall to smash a metal pipe to the side of his head before darting back into the dark. The man fell with hardly a small sound of pain, it had been that quick.
The cab rolled to a stop, and looking up John saw the building that housed his flat outside the window.
A second gunshot rang out behind the closed door, and John was already twisting the knob of the handle to yank it back open without having even thought about it. Sherlock was out there, and he was alone.
Blinking his eyes open, he found a grinning Sherlock in front of him, still holding onto his end without pain.  His face a-glow with his brightest “I really am the smartest creature on the planet.” pride.
“What is so funny?” He asked darkly, and John was left to start a series of coughing as he was slowly failing keeping from laughing.
Here was where he really would want his biography started. John started to actually feel like himself, among the dangers his new position of Captain would give him. It might have taken three years to get to this point, but London was far away, and the feel of a gun in his hand while he both protected and saved the lives of fellow men among the warm sand and hot sun was exactly what he needed. Maybe he couldn't save them all, but John Watson was actually making a difference.
!” John raised his voice slightly too loud, causing the back members of the small audience to turn and hiss out whispered “
Smeared across the brickwork were Chinese symbols, drastically standing out amongst the darker background. Grinning to himself, John reached into his other pocket. Success.
“This can not be her cellphone. This one is brand new.” Sherlock softly replied while ignoring Lestrade’s earlier snark. Clicking the phone open they find surprisingly it is completely charged, and the front screen began to flicker with a unopened digital envelope. Thus stating a new message has yet to be heard. A voice message stated shortly after that -
“I happen to know of a nice little place in London…” With a smirk, he looked up from his phone and in John’s direction. “I believe we should be able to afford it together.”
Stretching himself out along his couch, Sherlock got himself comfortable, perching both hands under his chin as he regarded the ceiling with a thoughtful glance before closing his eyes and letting out a soft sigh.
“Mm.” Sherlock hummed lightly, taking his sweet time before casually letting his head roll back to peer at John. “Of course.”
“I'm sorry?” John eventually found a answer to the question in the form of another, he had absolutely no idea what was going on here.
“So, you are blogging for him now?” Lestrade moved to sit on Sherlock’s couch, to lean over his knees slightly towards John.
“That is enough for me to go on, yes?” That grin, despite how smug it looked on the taller man’s features, looked rather authentic now at least. With that, he twirled himself around with a flutter of that coat of his and made his way to the door again, slipping out of the room quickly.
A sudden loud clearing of the throat was heard before John was able to give a proper answer, leaving the two of them to quickly lean back from one another and stare wide-eyed towards the hallway. Sherlock seemed to be casually leaning against the wall, having re-dressed into a tight purple shirt that John had only seen him wear once or twice before. His arms were crossed, and was clearly giving John a evil-eyed glare. At least he had by now got both his hair and his tail under control from their earlier static shock, the latter lashing behind him angrily.
” Lestrade suddenly yelled louder, causing John to quickly look back forwards to find that Lestrade and Sherlock’s conversation had been cut short by another man, dressed sharply in black, whom had leaned closer to Lestrade to quietly speak into his ear to avoid being overheard.
“Oh!” Lestrade suddenly exclaimed, before running down their stairs and out of sight for a few moments before returning with a small white envelope within his hands, that he held out to Sherlock. “Looks like he left you this.”
In that miraculous movement where he was suddenly in Sebastian's personal space, he caused both men to blink and slightly startle in surprise. Narrowing his eyes, he softly snarled.
“Really Sherlock, you know I adore your violin….most of the time anyways, but must you really play at all hours of the night? Even an old woman like me needs her beauty sleep!”
” Angelo quickly replied, jotting down whatever it was that Sherlock had ordered and snatching up the menus. “Though Sherlock, you should really try and eat more!” He quickly switched back into English.
‘Hming to himself, John shrugged and turned to step down the hallway, this gave John with a room on his left, and a room directly in front of him, which meant that the door at the end of the hall had to be Sherlock’s room.
Letting out a huff of slightly annoyed-at-himself breath, John eventually did pull his cellphone out to flick it open with only a small sleep deprived struggle. One new text appeared, and with a click of a key it opened.
“Taking the two aspects of your previous job positions, Doctor,” Pausing, Sherlock stuck out his finger of his right hand. “and army.” A second finger joined the first. “The first would have given you at least slight medical knowledge of Familiars, but then you changed your training. A change that would have put you with a mostly, if not all, human troop in the army because you are not a Familiar yourself. Your medical training would have changed to suit the needs you would need in that position and thus, any more knowledge about Familiars would have have been a mute point after the first lessons that you had to take to even get into the medical practice in the first place. You, John, are not very used to being around Familiars at all. This isn't even including the knowledge of your all-human family.”
And then he had been kidnapped, he thought. His head hurt like hell, and from what he could tell in the darkness that surrounded him, he was currently tied down to a chair of some sorts. The place smelled like a dirty alleyway. He could barely remember being hit over the head when he had went to answer the door shortly after Sherlock left.
his color, and had clearly decided that the Detective Inspector was no longer worth his time. Greg fought off a sigh at the familiar inattentiveness before trying again.
John could only stare at where the man named Sherlock had only been a few seconds before, very slowly he turned around to look at Mike, who was watching him with a very satisfied look. John carefully pointed to the door.
Mycroft only gave a small sigh, before placing both hands back atop his umbrella and straightening his stance.
Sherlock thought to himself, it wasnt quite the music that Sherlock appreciated, but somehow that deeper male tone raised at just the right points, and lowered again, perfect with his notes. Sherlock loved it when he knew he was right.
John looked back to her, noticing as he turned to look at her sideway figure that cut from her dress was a slot towards her lower back. This modification letting room for her small tufted tail that was currently flickering back and forth frighteningly in switches of the same black and orange she had atop her head. Nothing like Sherlock’s elongated tail, Soo Lin’s was short and bob cut.
“I had a row with the chip-and-PIN machine…” John muttered a bit, seeming a little off-put by Sherlock’s display of ‘little-ole-innocent-me’.
Instead, Sherlock was savagely interrupted by the second figure from before. The man jumped from the shadows with a unrestrained cry as he attempted to tackle Sherlock.
“And where, pray tell, did you conclude that you had any sort of say-so in this situation, Sherlock? I had hoped you were smarter than that.” Was replied back in a cool manner from Mycroft, who then turned his attention to where John was standing near the doorway.
“Nice to meet you too.” John answered after leaning slightly to the side to take some of the pressure off his leg, he gave the older woman a smile, and this seemed to brighten her even further.
Sherlock opened his mouth we a retort to John’s suddenly aloofness, but quickly closed in on realizing he did not really want John to leave again, or even permanently, if Sherlock kept the current act up. Instead, he figured he would attempt to derail whatever argument they were silently having.
“Afghanistan, or Iraq?” The deeper tone of the dark man’s voice seemed to bring John back around as he blinked and attempted to lean forwards to see exactly what was being done to his phone. The bloody thing even barely worked when he wanted to, but the other man seemed to be handling the older piece of equipment just fine. After, he spared a quick look to Mike to find the man grinning again with that same smug look from before, giving a slight twitch to his hand to prompt John to answer.
“I...I didn't mean it like that, Sherlock.” He had already fucked up again. Good going, John. “Really.”
“Trivial, really.” Sherlock paused only to stretch his neck to the right with a soft popping noise, before going back to whatever he was currently engaged in. “Took me less than a minute to figure yours out. Not exactly Fort Knox.”
So, hello. Or: Hello again. Thank you for taking the time to read this, and I hope a small part of you enjoys.
With a shrug of the man’s shoulders, with both palms upraised into the air defeatedly, he gave a small sigh as if he was only agreeing reluctantly to the deduction.
Hours later found John standing on the side of a semi-busy street. Looking up from the large black door marked 221B in faded gold, he was tilting his head while trying to look through the windows from his ground position. Just as he got done knocking he heard a car pull up behind him, and on turning his head he caught full view of Sherlock sliding from the back seat and reaching through the window to pay the cab fare. Turning as the car made to pull away, he gave John a perky smile on noticing him actually having shown up.
Clicking a new tab to open, John flicked through his history and found where he had left off on a website that covered on basic information regarding Familiars.
“Doctor.” John quickly corrected. John didn't like this, the man held a very clear stature of importance even in this awkward introduction. The posh figure raised a brow slightly at the abrupt correction over what looked to be a set of dark gray-hued eyes. Casually he lifted a hand from his cane and grazed it back from a temple through his short hair, a color John wasn't able to completely tell in the shaded light as he had forgotten to hit the switch. John did have a perfectly good reason for forgetting though, because it wasn't only the man’s presence in his flat that he did not like. Another thing to dislike, was the fact that
“So!” Mrs. Hudson was quick to recover, ignoring the child-detective to turn to John and give him another one of her welcoming smiles. “What have you been up to today, John?”
Sherlock’s eyes grew almost as wide as Mrs. Hudson’s had been, and he instantly whirled himself down their hallway to their bathroom. It was where the closet mirror in the flat was located. In the mean-time, John had completely lost it. Falling back in his chair he had to hold both arms at his sides as he laughed.
Mike’s grin didn't falter as he gave his own chest a small pat, afterwards throwing both his hands out partially to his sides with a further stance in his legs to indicate himself.
John blinked his eyes open in that thought. His life changed forever? He’d only known this one Familiar for less than a day, and in the time he had been back he hadn't felt...so himself. Here was a purpose, a new one, but a purpose all the same. Clarity, might have been a good word to describe it.
“Oh! John, hello.” All thoughts of abusive tones thrown to the wind when she spotted John, still in his chair. Lifting a hand and giving him a small wave and smile.
Turning, John ran back up the alley from where they had been originally. The flat itself belonged to one Soo-Lin. A Familiar that had been working for the National Antiquities Museum. Once John had returned to Baker Street after his meeting with Sarah, he had found himself once again swept up in another one of Sherlock’s mad chases around the city.
Blinking, John looked up from his phone to notice that Sherlock had at some point put his own away, and was regarding John with one feline ear flipped down. Giving the detective both a curious expression, and an annoyed one at the same time. Something John figured came naturally to the Familiar.
“You are perfectly stable now though, once we had dealt with the problications. While you were under, what tests we were able to perform has listed you as a level four warlock.”
Instead, he was interrupted by the door behind him opening, and he had to almost stumble out of the way as a smaller woman crossed into the room with eyes little else but where the man stood, still with John’s phone. He perked up instantly at the woman’s entrance.
Yes, John would have at the time, done anything to stay. Even if that meant he was only good at bandaging people up rather than having to cut a bullet out of anyone. Even though Sherlock was correct, John couldn't help narrowing his eyes slightly, he did not like where this conversation was going. This did nothing to stop the only consulting detective in the world when he was on a roll.
Sherlock had honestly been attempting to hold in the grin, even if he knew John could sense it. So instead he fully smirked at the Doctor in front of him and motioned downstairs with a hand. A slight curve to his ears only added to the mischievous look.
John opened his mouth to reply, but only ended up stuttering as he realized the full intentions that Mrs. Hudson was trying to portray to him, he shook his head quickly.
After John had finally got back to Sherlock, the idiot had not been answering his phone, he’d hurried the detective back to the spot he’d been in earlier.
John was only an instant through that thought, and his one gloved hand already half-unclasping his jeans before he suddenly realized. His box was right where he had left it, correct. But that had been in his
” Sherlock suddenly flung himself to a sitting position, abashed. “Molly had a body of a man who had oculocutaneous albinism, but would not let me take anything home! Some rubbish about the family wanting him whole for his funeral.”
The two of them found themselves looking at one another silent for a pause after John’s answer. It wasn't as if there was a better reply to that question other than simply stating the fact, and while John glanced downwards awkwardly after, Mike cleared his throat.
Instead, the sudden action caused John to go rigid with instinctive reaction with the almost violent movement, and Sherlock to suddenly yelp in pain as small arches of electricity latched onto the Familiar’s hand with deadly accuracy.
, you get this miserable date thing over with at same time. This is brilliant. Two birds, one stone, they call it?”
“No, Sherlock!” John said a little too roughly while turning back to Sherlock. “Wait. I mean...How would you even be okay with that? I don't need to look at every extra body part to trust you, Sherlock. You being a Familiar doesn't change anything between us.”
That restless feeling never did leave, no matter how much John attempted to ignore it. So after much thought, and a rather heated conversation with both his parents and his sister, John found himself deployed to Afghanistan after he had signed up for the British Army. Trained at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, he could use his medical skills while attempting to fill that personal useless void. London was full of its own doctors, so why not use his skills where they were needed most? It might very well be dangerous, almost certainly so.
“Sherlock!” Raz grinned, raising a hand and thrusting his thumb towards himself in a pointing gesture while puffing out his chest proudly, completely ignoring John’s presence. “Guess who found something you’d like.”
Instead, he was sitting there was his teeth clenched. The light touches that John was giving to the muscles attached to his ears actually felt
“Um...Thanks?” John tried, though he did not feel he was at liberty to be thanking this man for anything.
“Why not?” Sherlock gave a slight tilting of his head, allowing his ears to just barely fold down, hoping it gave him a more innocent air around him.
idea.” Mike smirked in front of him, as he placed himself towards the middle of the room, hands placed on his hips and looking quite smug.
. We’re going to watch this show and we are going to pretend like you didn't just mess this entire bloody night up for me, alright? Let’s go sit down, and you can explain to me later exactly why this particular place was so blasted important.”
Raising a hand, John used the still gloved appendage to wave between the two of them. Letting out a huff of breath.
Smacking his hands clean of the feel of the material, he had gone back to the closet, sweeping what was left of the clothes aside to see the bottom. A single dark green duffel bag, and a closed-lid box was all that was left. Leaving the bag for last, Sherlock nudged the top of the box’s lid off with a foot and peered down.
“If tonight's events had anything to prove is that those types of individuals should have never been let into this country to begin with. Now, who’s department would have been covering that, Mycroft?” Sherlock suddenly interrupted.
And it had been an adventure hadn't it? It was a thought to muse over while Sherlock stepped nearer to the street to raise his hand for a mere few seconds before a cab was already pulling over. John would have been surprised at the cabby’s quickness to respond, but after having spent a day with the taller gentleman he already knew that Sherlock’s presence demanded attention. John guessed that talent crossed over to cab drivers as well.
Oh gods. Sherlock had known from the start that John was a magical user. Apparently, Familiars could actually smell magic-users.
Before Soo Lin could reply, her light went out. John heard the distinctive electrical click and hiss of everything else in the building having shut down, it seemed surprisingly loud amidst the stonework of the walls and building itself.
John wasn't about to let this added information differ him from stepping in the room and looking to the man sprawled over the couch. Sherlock had flopped down onto his back with his left arm falling off the edge of the couch while stretched out along the length of the furniture as best his long body could somehow allow. Both his ears had risen from his head and were just barely twitching, along with the same twitching his tail still seemed to be doing in mimicked action. John guessed after a long day of keeping both hidden, it was probably a relief to let them adhere to their actual normal positions. Not that he thought Sherlock would actually admit that.
Sherlock had been, during Sebastian’s offer, opening the blinds fully to find a door behind them to a balcony. Which he had opened and stepped out onto, gracing the view with a studying glance here and there, lightly leaning over the edge to look at the drop below. Upon hearing the last part of Sebastian’s offer though, he turned.
“Because, John. I do not think it is quite enjoyable to suddenly find myself in a set of clothing that is no longer suited for the form I am currently in, and thus must remove myself from them. I am assured that you do not wish for me to undress in front of you, correct?”
“This is not a game of ‘I showed you mine, now you show me yours.’, Sherlock.” John mentioned, though the harshness of his tone had lowered. “I don’t want to accidently hurt you.”
At least the situation was proving to be one that kept most of his lack of sleep in waiting. Standing behind Sherlock he leaned slowly out to look at the person huddled in the barest of light within the room. Soo Lin was similar to Sherlock in that she also appeared to have a set of feline ears atop her head. The main difference being though, that while one right ear had the same almost black hue of her hair, the other left was brilliantly colored in a flash of fire orange. John could almost make out the barest slivers of darker burnt orange stripes before the appendage folded back against her skull.
“I really wish you two would make up your bloody minds…” He’d mutter under his breath before hitting the car’s signal switch to move into the side lane.
The woman gave him a sudden fiery filled glare before John found himself with a pistol being drawn near his temple. Where the hell had she drawn that from?!
“No, not at all.” Concade quickly replied. “As a late-bloomer of your age,” John winced at this. “we will be needing to make sure that you are able to function at the best of your ability. We can't simply let you out without you sorting out every electrical device you stroll past can we?”
Giving a soft growl under his breath, Sherlock swiveled around to tell John to shut up and stop interrupting, only to notice Raz running down the sidewalk. The gangly kid was waving a hand in the air in Sherlock’s direction as he ran up to them, barely keeping from tripping on his own feet.
“Not a thing! But, they did leave a sort of message.” During his explanation, Sebastian already had a card slipped out of his pocket, and was sliding it through the card reader that locked the door. Inside, all the had to do was flip a light to show the message that he had been mentioning.
With a sigh and a shake of his head John simply moved deeper into the room and over to one of the unoccupied chairs, with a fluff of the pillow adorning it he flopped down, and instinctively went to rub over his knee while looking back up to Sherlock whom had apparently went back to his ‘dusting’ and was currently brushing a hand over the curtains of the main window. With all the good that would actually do.
companion….” The gun was raised once more to be placed in the middle of Sarah’s forehead, the hand holding it slowly twisting the weapon back and forth slowly to leave a small circled indention into Sarah’s skin. Sarah was left finally sitting completely still and silent as she looked up at her would-be killer for the small moment before pleadingly looking over to John seconds later.
” Had been flung over a sharply boned shoulder. Then the poor violin had been snatched up and a musical screech echoed after John’s retreating form.
“You could tell me.” The man’s gaze seemed to sweep downwards towards John’s crossed arms. “I imagine people have already warned you to stay away from him, though I do not see that being a problem with your history.”
Sherlock felt the extreme urge to roll his eyes, while muttering “Idiot.” under his breath. Using a free arm he pushed himself back up into a proper sitting position, and took a second before answering to run a hand back through his curls around his ears, which flickered atop their skull, rather than remain lying flat. Tail was sent to thump against the couch at his side.
Even John’s personal thoughts were betraying him with their sarcastic undertones. With a shake of his head to clear those corrosive thoughts, he turned and made his way into the kitchen to make himself some tea. It was one of the few daily routines he found could at least prepare himself for the day in a manner that felt more homely, and soon enough he had a hot cup to take over to his desk, sipping before he placed it down first. Leaning his body to the side he slipped into his chair and placed the blasted cane to the side.
“You idiot. This is exactly why I didn't want to do this.” John was careful to hold out his other gloved hand to his friend to help him back up.
“I’ll only be a minute.” He mentioned to both the cab driver and Sherlock, both of which seemed to ignore him, not that John was too surprised by this.
Once inside, he caught Sherlock in mid-movement of pulling off his coat. Though the man paused as the heavy cloth had barely crossed back over his shoulders and had turned to look at John with a thoughtful expression once he had made it inside. John only blinked at the odd gesture that Sherlock had stopped to look at him in, and quite innocently quirked his head to the side in a silent question.
Apparently, the extra attributes were simply that. There was a rather large section at the bottom of the page that explained that regardless of whatever extra pieces a Familiar might own, that did not mean they were closely related in true mannerisms of whatever type they might otherwise portray. To think so, or admit to otherwise, could apparently be seen as rude and disregarding of the individual in question. It was apparently a demeaning act.
John had honestly thought he was alone in the flat, so after a small struggle with getting the water started, removal of clothes, he’d gotten into the shower and hovered under the blasting shower-head. He was reminded that he had made sure to be wearing both gloves, not wanting to electrocute anything with the metal piping, when his hands felt even more constricted in the wet heat the shower provided. With a sigh, he shook out his head, water splashing against the curtain in turn.
Soon after, with jam covered toast safely tucked between his teeth, tea in one free hand, and the other grabbing his laptop off the table, John got comfortably seated within his chair. With laptop balanced atop his knees, the toast was easily devoured with a few bites. While enjoying his still warm tea, John opened up the laptop to find that his blog had well over 153 new replies to his longest entry yet, “A Study in Pink”.
John had a brand new pillow, and coverings, for his bed. They were simple, just like his usual taste, but new none the less. As he was reaching over with his right hand to run his fingers over the material of the pillow itself, he stopped mid way, catching himself looking down at his hand.
Sherlock simply lifted his head out of the hidden tomb of the folder to give Mycroft a sarcastic smirk.
“I am sorry! I am sorry, Sherlock!” John was giggling hard now, having to hold onto his ribs in an attempt to try and stop. “It...heh...it’s just….not what I hehehehe…..was expecting!”
After he waited for what John figured was a polite enough time for Sherlock to respond, he eventually gave a shrug and worked his way up the stairs so he could put his dirty laundry in his room. He would take care of cleaning later. When he did make it back down to the living room, Sherlock was still perched on the couch unmoving and John found that this was hardly surprising. Pausing by the doorway to the kitchen he laid his gloved hand against the frame and looked back to his flatmate.
“And how exactly, did you know about Afghanistan?” John quickly found himself leaning towards aggravated, to well...impressed.
John rolled his eyes, but decided to play along, and reached to take the fork with his free right hand. Before he even had a chance to grab it, sparks flew from the tips of his nails and into the fork itself.
” Enough was enough! John was about to go on a rampage about how utterly insane this entire night had been, except when he startled at the rude comment he accidentally banged the back of his head against that cab’s right back window.
“Well. I guess I’ll just doze here for a little longer.” John leaned back into his chair with a sigh.
Using a similar flopping motion that he had seen Sherlock use only minutes before, John was laying on his side on the bed, head enveloped into what he could only guess was a goose-down pillow. It took everything he had not to let out a groan at the much softer version of his original pillow.
Giving a mental shrug, John also turned towards his own window and was taking the quiet moment to go over the day’s events while the lights of the city flashed over his vision when the cab took to the streets. It was easy enough to get lost in the flashbacks of following Sherlock around during the day. The murder, meeting Lestrade, and so forth. It was only when his thoughts deepened into the dark halls of the college, only to follow up with the white glare of his gunshot did John frown and lower his vision to the street itself running past. John could understand why he had done it, well, mostly. How, was another matter entirely. John was used to running on instinct, but this entire situation was different in a way that he wasn't quite sure he was comfortable with.
“John!”  Sherlock whined. Actually whined at him! “If we are going to be living together, like we have already mentioned before, it is important that we are comfortable with one another. It was the whole reason behind letting you look over my ears in the first place. Now it’s my turn.”
Sherlock had already made his way back over to his couch to make an almost equal whooshing sound as his body slumped into the cloth and he flung his head back across the back of the couch dramatically.
“Fine, close your eyes.” Sherlock responded with a small hand wave in John’s direction before he moved to stand.
“Sherlock, bring him in, bring him in...so very nice to meet you.” She continued to smile while Sherlock stepped inside before John so that he could wrap one long arm around her hip in a loose embrace, which she lovingly patted him on the back with a fond look.
Ignoring the cold tea, Sherlock stepped up from the couch and made his way towards the window, casually reaching out and down to grab the case of his violin that had been sat atop a random box. Opening it, he pulled out the musical instrument, set the case back down, and grabbed the bow that was also inside. The other free arm was moving the violin in place under his chin. It was all a very practiced motion that he easily did without giving it much thought.
Now that, Sherlock couldn't take. The earlier touching he had been able to put up with, but with John’s breath just inches from the inside of his ear, it tickled. Snatching his head back he twisted a slight glare in John’s direction.
“No! No that. Ugh.” Sherlock crossed his arms and gave a signature huff that was very much not a pout. John wasn't going to be fooled though.
Mycroft walked forward, standing in front of him, and John noted his pin-striped suit first. They were woven with what looked like pure darkness, shimmering as he stood there, the light almost... avoiding it. He didn't have much time to ponder on what type of fabric sunlight itself feared when Mycroft spoke to him again. “Your honesty... Quite brave, Doctor Watson. I suppose it's to be expected from a soldier such as yourself. Though, you must admit that bravery is simply the kindest word for stupidity, particularly when you are standing before a god.”
quiet. The type of quiet that could make your ears ring and hearts pound with fear from the unknown and unseeable; there was something
The bi-weekly therapy sessions that Mycroft had prodded him to attend weren't exactly a sufficient source of social interaction or human companionship. When he voiced this to Mrs Hudson she looked at him like a sympathetic mother might look at her child while said child had just come home after a day of torment at school.
As he pathetically remained sitting naked on the tiles, he let himself slip into his mind palace and tried to sort through everything that happened in spite of the pounding behind his eyes. The encounter with Sebastian was the simplest problem to solve, and he'd managed to pick his pocket so he could deal with the case in the morning and probably have it solved by tomorrow night. As for what happened at the bar, Sherlock wasn't quite sure what that was either. He just knew that he felt need in a way that he hadn't before, like a bird wanting to soar- trying to fly and falling to the ground. When Sebastian touched him, he felt
. Alcohol plus touch deprivation equals need and human impulses once his self restraint and control was reduced by the alcohol.
Horrified and speechless, John could only stare back at Sherlock as he fought to get a handle on his emotions. Wide eyes watched him as he bit his lip to keep from breaking down further. “Sherlock.” John's voice was tight, small, and his own tears glistened as he realized the extent of what he'd done. “Oh my god. Sherlock. Sherlock, I'm sorry. I don't under- I don't remember- I can't- what
Sherlock was horrified to find that his when he read the text, his vision was blurry with tears. He forced himself to breathe past the burning in his chest and the tightening in his throat. It was fine, he was fine. Nothing was wrong.
Mycroft merely stared at him for a few long seconds, before shaking his head. John distinctly remembered the way Mycroft had stared into his eyes, and it felt like he was being dissected down to the atom, a dancing darkness in his grey eyes.
John stood, the chair crashing to the ground. “Oh my god. You didn't want to have sex. That's rape. You didn't
John nodded and slid on his coat, his bag heavy at his side as he walked to the temple. His hands were covered in sweat by the time he'd finally made it to the base of the hill that the temple was built on, and with slightly trembling hands, he walked until he was inside. The temple was just as he'd remembered- luxurious, with a gold and ivory eagle statue in the middle that loomed over everyone else who stood in front of it, surrounded by a sophisticated fountain with water that looked more like smoke. Nobody dared to touch it. They'd learned enough from the legends.
but he forgets to breathe when he sees it, his eyes going wide at the reminder of how fragile you truly are.
“Well, every time that you're asked about your sexuality you always defensively retort that you are in no way, shape or form attracted to men. You clam up, start stammering and become almost aggressive in your defense of your fragile masculinity. Really, if you thought that I would be the type to try and hold you back from leaving, you must not know me that well at all.
“Everyone dies, Watson. How can this still surprise you? It's the only certain thing in your very uncertain world. Why should I prolong her life when it's already her time?”
John decided that if he had anything to say about it, he would never bend his knee to Mycroft, the God of Mortality, so long as he lived. Some say that Mycroft himself was the one who did the collecting of souls, though nobody's proven or disproved that. Coming from the dead was impossible, after all, but John just wanted to show that if Mycroft could collect the sick and injured, John could heal them up right as new before he had a chance to collect them.
“Yeah,” Greg all but breathed, the smile that was playing on his lips seconds earlier beginning to fade, as his eyes continued to scrutinize Sherlock. Sherlock could see the thoughts, the doubts, the questions beginning to swirl around in his brain.
Victor was sitting in the corner of the shop and he stood when Sherlock approached. “Oh my word, William! How have you been, friend? I can't believe it, it's really you! Who would have thought that I'd ever reunite with my favorite violin player? I've missed having someone to accompany me while I play the piano, you know. Do you play the violin for a special someone nowadays?”
of hiding underneath shields and armor that he wanted something different. He wanted to be someone new. He wanted to be himself before the world turned him cold.
It had been two weeks since he'd had a case, and Sherlock couldn't bring himself to check the website. Most days he ghosted through the city's streets and stayed in hole-in-the-wall cafe's, or he found his way to different parks on the other side of the city. The weather was as gloomy as he was, and most days it rained, the sky gray and lifeless above him, a perfect reflection of the state of his mind and heart.
He turned away from the mirror, carefully putting on a shirt that covered the scars that never seemed to fade enough for him to forget what happened. Briefly, he wished he had scars for everything that had played a hand in making him cold in heart, just so he could show to others what made him so distrusting and wary of new faces. He wished he had scars for that night, so he could turn to John and tell him
When he opened them, he couldn't help but feel like the entire world was a pool of gray. Outside, thunder roared, lighting up the flat in a bright flash of light before the darkness resumed its reign over the flat. Even the music was swallowed up by the silence, and every note he played sounded like silence and out of place. Placing down the violin once again, he felt the entire universe grieve with him.
He didn't know what to do. Poison and curses weren't things healing magic could heal unless if he could figure out the source or find something to counteract it. Curses were different than attack spells, they were darker in nature and usually more fatal. Cruel as the one who created the first curse to begin with, but his name was not one John even wanted to think of, lest he invoke the wrath of the dark god.
Greg nodded in response. “Of course. You don't even have to ask.” And so that was that. Greg showed up every day or when he could, and when he couldn't come Mrs Hudson made food for Sherlock. Days turned into weeks and Sherlock couldn't help but think that six months was an awfully long time for him to spend in solitude. He missed John, missed having someone around, missed having someone who he could come home to and watch the telly with.
Sherlock took a sip of water, not knowing how this conversation was meant to go. “I enjoy having you by my side,” he responded softly, unsure if it was the right answer. Pools of doubt lapped around his knees, and he knew how quickly it would turn to concrete if he made a mistake in this.“I wouldn't know what to do with myself if you weren't here to accompany me on my... adventures.”
Caught between numbness and anguish, Sherlock let out a choked laugh, which sounds horrible and broken even to his own ears. “We got home after you saw me and the client getting
Mycroft looked down at him, sighing. “Stand and look me in the eyes, Watson,” said he, and John did as he was asked, looking into the brilliant electric blue eyes on the serious and proud face. He was quite tall, hovering at least a few inches over John, but he knew from legends he was far more godly when he shed his human visage. “Do you know of my brother, the God of the Sea and Mysteries, the patron of musicians and scholars?”
If John noticed Sherlock avoiding him, he said nothing. Sherlock certainly didn't say anything. He didn't have anything
. Instead, Sherlock gritted his teeth together and clenched his jaw, looking back at John stubbornly as the older man glared thunderously at him.
“Your sister is healed, but she is not the worst of your problems.” John stared at him, knowing he should be joyful, but he knew there was something about to happen. Something ominous was lurking, ready to creep up on him and drag him downward into the bottom of the ocean. “It's time to choose a side, Doctor Watson. Something is coming, and you've been chosen to play a hand in it.”
John let out a slow sigh, thrusting his hands into his pockets. Sherlock was currently too busy sniffing at a spray can they had found along the railway line, causing John to wince in sympathy to Sherlock’s brain cells. Well, the genius had enough of them to go around the city he supposed. Not that the doctor in him didn't want to smack away the can and glower at the unsuspecting Familiar. He had a feeling though, that it would be a bit not good. So instead, he decided to wander and try to put himself to better use.
“This is a old friend of mine, John Watson.” Mike introduced him, his friend stepping closer and giving John’s shoulder a friendly pat to indicate him directly to the other man who was still tapping away at his phone with one hand.
Sherlock jumped back up all in a single fluid movement, giving John an instant view of tiny white fangs and a responding “
“Oh?” The man asked over the top of his cup as he had taken a sip during her explanation, standing back to his full overly tall height and watching her with what could best be described as a ‘I thought so’ expression. “Well it was an improvement. Your mouth looks tiny now.”
Sherlock, was casually standing in the middle of the room peering to the far wall with a slight curious tilt to his head, tail waving slowly back and forth behind what John had figured out was his favorite blue dressing gown. (One was lucky to see the detective in anything other than his two usual outfits for either outside, or home.) On hearing John though, both ears perked up atop his head and he pointed to the wall he had been looking at while he looked towards John.
“Oh.” Sherlock replied, though a tad more softly and with pause, as if he honestly was not expecting that sort of answer. Eventually though, he raised the fork back up.
“Would that bother you?” A small pause, and sarcastic smirk to add to it. “Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other, don't you think?”
Feeling guilty, John heaved himself to standing, looking over to where Sherlock was now standing next to Sarah in the dark. Barely able to tell that the taller Familiar was leaning over and attempting to softly pet her shoulder. Noticing John’s look, Sherlock turned his head from the sobbing woman to regard John for a mere second before looking down the now empty stone alleyway, where both ears slowly perked from dark curls in a wistful expression, the woman was long gone.
Curiously, the detective actually looked like he was being sincere. Though it did not keep John from giving him a raised eyebrow and half-glare at the answer. Sherlock though, did not give up, looking at John as if he would keep up this staring contest till the end of his days. Another cat-like quality that John tossed onto the ever growing mental list. But, he gave Sherlock a eye-roll of his own before responding.
Sherlock answered him by giving a single flick of his tail that thumped softly against the couch. Not quite as dramatic as his other form, but very similar.
John had only taken a few more minutes to browse the rest of the small bedsit, even everything in his tiny kitchen had been taken. Not only that, the place had been cleaned. Well, the landlord was certainly going to enjoy that. John though, was still currently stuck in his current semi-dirty clothes and was adding that fact to his list of things that were not good.
“Hm.” Sherlock hummed as he took the offered envelope, holding it up before him into a sun shaft that sneaked through the boards over their broken window, to read the print more properly. “Not his handwriting…”
All three of them, two Familiars and one Magic User, leaned slowly forwards when Sherlock clicked for the message to open, and clicking on it’s speaker function after.
John knew better than to run, if he wasn't going to get shot by the damn bird hybrid then his attempt to flee to a better position was just going to get him shot by someone,
Luckily, no one had been hurt in the explosion outside. A number of different windows on the street had been completely destroyed, and that included their own. That had been the worst of the ordeal for the most part. Mrs. Hudson had been in their doorway, and was clear of the glass blast that while having hit Sherlock and John, had only left them with a scrape or two, mostly from having been thrown from their feet.
Narrowing his eyes he tilted his frame to the side in an attempt to peer through the crack so that he could get a glimpse inside. After doing so he ended up cursing under his breath and just pushing the door open to head inside. He had such a long day and John was ready to get all of this fuckery over with, despite whomever he would have to grapple with that got in his way.
“Gone before we got here.” Lestrade lifted his right shoulder in a shrug. “That cabbie could have had enemies I suppose in his line of work but, sadly nothing else to go on.”
John faltered slightly as he was presented with Sherlock’s sudden attention, along with the ears having re-formed atop his head. Clearing his throat quickly he went back to glancing about, trying to cover up his unnerved state.
With a sigh, John found his way to a room near the back, a single seat in the middle of the room that was surrounded by statues of horsemen that seemed to watch his every move. He took a seat and set out the offerings on the altar, letting out his breath as he stared at the empty space in front of him. The picture on his lap felt heavy. “Mycroft, God of Mortality, I am here today to ask for your mercy and seek your favor. I have left you these offerings, to try and... give my respect and show my devotion. Please, hear the words I have to say.”
“Still.” John's hand remained clenched at his side and he leaned partially to the right. “I'm a doctor- How could I-” he stopped himself, shaking his head. Now was not about him. “You said yes, but you didn't mean it? You wanted out, is that right? But you didn't say anything?”
He threw on a blue jumper he'd gotten a few years ago, a gift from Mrs Hudson during winter who insisted he wore something fit for the weather. It was before he had his Belstaff coat for armor, and he distinctly remembered wearing the jumper for days at a time when he was cold, both in body and heart. Then, after Greg pulled him out of yet another drug den, he was given both a Belstaff coat and an offer to work with the NSY and Sherlock clung tightly to the mask and armor and had neglected the jumper in favor of cold and detached suits.
There isn't an excuse that makes it okay, not drunkenness, nor substance, or misunderstandings. Sherlock, in this story, would not be able to forgive or recover in 6 months. He wouldn't be able to look at John without flinching. There's no resolution to be had except maybe, hopefully, that Sherlock and John would talk like adults and decide that they'd part ways. That would be the best ending. The cleanest and least painful on both parties.
by your side all the time. We're not getting younger, it might be time for you to try to find someone to settle down with as well.”
The light ahead flickered for a moment, and a voice addressed him. “This doesn't come natural to you, does it, mortal?” John swallowed, kneeling and bowing his head as he knew he was supposed to.
"You're running from your problems again," Sherlock mumbled, and John's eyes were pink with unshed tears. They both knew that played a hand in what was happening, because John had always been a self-blaming, self-loathing, and emotionally constipated man since the beginning who didn't know how to talk about issues properly.
Doubt crept into John's eyes then, a gradual realization dawning upon him as his hands clenched into fists on the table. Not from anger this time- a way to ground himself, a way to keep his head above the waters of uncertainty. “I don't understand,” he finally admitted, his eyes searching for some type of answer.
him. “Why do you come here to ask for my favor? If you wish for me to heal your leg, I must tell you, it is only-”
Sherlock scowled, his brows knitting together as something crackled inside of his chest. He was so tired of playing this game, of pretending, of suffering alone. “Because sentiment is nothing more than a weakness, and I have been made aware of how devastating it truly can be. It's stupid to try and love when all you do won't be enough for the other person.” He stared directly into John's eyes, challenging him, trying to get a reaction from him for once. “Human beings are fickle when it comes to love and romance, I've learned. It's painfully easy for them to change their minds- the heart is an untamable creature, after all- and for some, it's even easy to forget they ever felt that way at all.”
The wall was hard against his back, and John's touches made the butterflies in his stomach wilt and turn to ash in his mouth. He wanted more, yet at the same time, he knew this was not what he wanted at all; a dream turned into something perverse and dark, like wanting a puppy and having a wolf deposited onto your lap. An intoxicated and upset John was not how he wanted his first time with the man to go.
[Less than a week ago, actually. I was offered a job, and now that my father has passed I thought I would return to London. There's some official stuff I have to take care of as well, so I'll be here permanently if things go my way. Would you like to have coffee sometime?]
Now why in the hell would John want to do that? John still felt himself swallow though, and his stomach felt like it was attempting to tie itself into knots. Having seen the man deduce before had been an enlightening experience for John, but when he found himself laid bare rather than simply prodded at, well...not right now.
John looked between the two of them for the short conversation, but with a half-shrug he reached into his own back pocket to grasp the heavily plastic phone he knew he’d placed there this morning before leaving his bedsit. Not that he had many people to call these days.
It was only a part of a song, as far as Sherlock knew. With the water shortly after being shut off, he knew he only had a few seconds to make it to the living room before John opened the door to find him standing outside of it. In any other circumstance maybe he wouldn't have cared, but…
Slowly John slipped the lid of the box back on, and with a sigh scooted it back under his bed with a slight shudder. Maybe tomorrow, he’d get over the thought of someone going through his private box tomorrow, surely, yeah, John kept telling himself.
” The man leaned close into John’s personal space and John was quick to lean back with a wide eyed gaze. “A friend? Or is this a
John gave a soft sigh after a minute and was about to pull his hand back through the small door before suddenly he felt a pressure through the leather of his glove, longer fingers wrapping around his hand and giving a small squeeze. Though Sherlock didn't respond, it was about as close as John was going to get to an acceptance to his apology than anything else.
“That is no reason to take out your frustration on Mrs. Hudson’s wall.” John replied, as if he was scolding a moody teenager, looking towards the wall with a worried expression. “She is going to have a fit…”
Smarting, John yanked his hand back away from the utensil in both pain and shock. Concade didn't seem surprised though, as the glove itself saved him from getting shocked as well, and was simply watching John for a further reaction.
Sherlock gave a sideways glance back at John over his shoulder as they reached the bottom, and seemed to shorten the stance of his walk so he could silently question him with mere expression.
’ to himself, Mrs Hudson had made perfect timing to slide into the room almost unnoticed, though Sherlock was quick to catch on and leaned up to his full height and pulled his attention towards her. John turned to look, noticing her.
Sherlock wouldn't dare admit it, he didn't even like admitting it to himself, but given the nature of his species’s decision he was still a victim of some baser urges. He had spent years attempting to reign in a level of control that would put these nuisances of character into their place. If only he could delete his species flaws in general, but instead he had attempted to lock them away in his mind palace. Sadly, he knew how to pick locks, which meant they did too, something to that effect he supposed.
“Yeah, good.” John replied to her question. Though with her pause afterwards, he found himself clearing his throat awkwardly. He attempted for a stronger reply. “Very good, yeah.”
John thought that maybe he heard some sort of muffled reply, but nothing that he could actually make out given that Sherlock was locked inside, and he was bloody out here.
Sherlock ripped himself out of bed at the sound of that last phrase. What was John doing? Singing in the shower? How completely mundane, boring, and
John’s inner soldier was not reacting well to gunshots, and while he visibly cringed with being closer to the sound, he still was able to sling himself forwards and grab onto Sherlock’s hand that held the gun out. Luckily, he still had his gloves on.
Somewhere else, even farther from there, a hissing laugh could have easily been heard shortly after.
His mind was screaming at him, as he dove through another doorway in frantic pace. He had lost his cane somewhere along the way, he faintly remembered something clanging down a hallway, but apparently hadn't stopped to retrieve it.
It had been a few months since their first “case” together, and John had slowly been enveloped into the atmosphere of living with Sherlock like a small planet finding its rightful spot orbiting around a dark, but furiously burning sun.
Scrolling down the page he had opened, John skipped the very basic biology for the most part, though he did find where he had stopped previously on a section that spoke of basic traits for those Familiars that had more feline type traits.
John attempted to swallow down the urge to cough, and ended up clearing his throat instead while drawing his eyes back to the traffic to their right. What in the hell was he supposed to say to something like that?
“S-sorry...please. Continue.” John found himself stammering, leaning forwards to put his tea on the table and hoping the movement would hide the blush that he felt from the warmth in his face when he’d been heard.
“...What?” John blinked, tilting his body slightly from behind Sherlock to give the Inspector a surprised expression.
In the middle of his clicking-spree across the keyboard at some point Sherlock had interrogated John on what had happened after he’d fled before to go after the gunman. In a few soft sentences John went through the scenario as quickly as he could to keep himself from drawing himself too closely to the mental scene from before.
By the time John had caught up, the taller Familiar was standing in front of an opposing office door, looking up at the name tag slid into the card holder in the middle. Taking a quick single glance behind him, Sherlock snatched up the little plastic name sign, and pocket it while turning, hardly giving a glance in John’s direction as he worked.
“Of course we did! We are all reading it.” Lestrade gave John another grin, before leaning even further forwards with a whisper behind a cupped palm. “Does he really not know about the whole, sun and earth, thing?”
“Seriously Sherlock, can you please not keep doing this to me?” Said in a tone that he had attempted to not try and sound as annoyed as he felt.
“Four serial suicides, and now a note! Its Christmas, Mrs. Hudson!” He grins down to her, before looking back into the kitchen from whence she had came. “I might be late, will need food.”
“I guess I better get at least a few hours sleep before…” That was when John finally noticed that while they’d been otherwise occupied, the light that had enveloped Sherlock earlier was looking warmer, and more golden. “...before the sun comes up.”
“You already told him about me?” John instantly turned to Mike before answering, to find his friend giving a shrug and shake of his head at the same time, the grin returning.
Sherlock was currently sitting on the back of the ambulance, where he had been ‘put’ by the paramedics shortly after he’d been ‘escorted’ out of the college. All of this was just absolutely ridiculous.
“Wait,” John would have lifted his left hand if his entire arm had not been strapped to his chest. “Infection? Just how long have I been here?”
Sherlock was faintly aware that Lestrade was still talking to him after, something about how the shot itself had to have been magical in nature, as if that wasn't so obvious, but instead his attention had been caught by a familiar blonde man standing near the sidelines behind the police tape. Hands in his pockets, and his hair completely in disarray, John was currently watching the scene between the two of them. On noticing Sherlock’s attention he pulled a gloved hand out of his pocket and waggled his fingers in his direction.
John, was not a happy patient. Not that he had been very happy before, but now he could barely look at the other doctor without glaring. He was back in London, not in Afghanistan where most of his intact memories were located. His job, his platoon, everything was back there, and John knew well enough that if he was back home, he wasn't about to be getting back to his life any time soon. Oh no, John was not happy. No sir.
Lestrade simply rolled his eyes and moved to stand, clearing the way for Sherlock to sling himself onto his couch, re-cross his arms, and give a loud huff of aggravation at the entire scenario. Tail moving to wrap around both his legs and twist in an almost violent manner.
John was done playing this game until he had a nice hot cuppa in his grasp though. Maybe something to eat along with it, and so he opened the fridge to browse its intake.
” Sherlock waved John off as he moved to take off his coat, giving a stretch of his shoulders as his tail uncoiled and shook itself out.
Sherlock was already making his way inside, if the closing door had anything to indicate. Twisting his cane to his left hand, John threw a hand up to keep it from closing all the way and attempted to follow. Though by the time John had made sure the door was locked behind him, Sherlock was already up the stairs and inside their own flat with their own door wide open and waiting. Giving a small shrug John made it up the stairs, not giving much thought to how easier it seemed to climb them.
John wanted to say something, defend himself further, he had done nothing against the law. But he was left with the feeling of being unjustifiably accused, and kept silent.
“Everything is fine here, Mycroft.” John mentioned over to the older brother, which caused that same unnerving gray gaze to shift over to him in a casual manner. “No one got hurt or anything.”
Giving another mental look over the notes he had found from earlier, now mentally stashed away with his other musical scores, Sherlock let his body straighten, closed his eyes, and carefully drew the bow across the strings to begin to play.
“But, all that aside! I’m glad you could make it over. We’ve had a break-in.” Sebastian was not missing a beat, hopping up from his seat and motioning for the two of them to follow.
“Mrs. Hudson, this is Doctor John Watson. John, Mrs. Hudson.” He nodded in John’s direction as he was carefully stepping other the threshold.
.” Sherlock attempted to sneer out again, though it came in a slightly more breathy tone than he would have liked. Giving a firm shake of his head to try to rid himself of his earlier thoughts, he placed both hands onto the couch to thrust himself into standing, giving his upper body a twirl he peered down to John.
The woman let out a small groan of frustration as she pointed the gun in the direction that Sherlock had disappeared again, but seemed to be unsure on actually firing. Slowly she began walking in small steps down towards where Sherlock had hidden himself.
Sarah Sawyer, General Practitioner. John’s memory was slowly catching up to him after having been forcibly thrown from the sleep state it so desperately wanted at this point. The brunette he’d gone to see about the clinic job. Slowly he typed out a message through the number keypad, which ended up with him receiving another look from Sherlock that was easily read as a silent ‘
Sherlock suddenly erupted into his field of vision again as he sat back down hurriedly onto his couch, holding out a single metal fork in his hand towards John, whom could only blink at the eating utensil for a few moments before looking slowly back up to Sherlock’s face with a dead expression that could have mimicked the one going on in the fridge at this exact moment.
“Mycroft.” Was the only reply as Sherlock had suddenly found looking out his own window to be more interesting than the current conversation.
“Scratches. Not one, many over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. Another man wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s easy. You know it already.”
The flat remained silent as the two older men regarded one another, ignoring Sherlock’s annoyed glances for the time being, until Mycroft slowly cracked a small smile, letting his head drop in an almost nodding gesture before looking over to Sherlock.
