to Neighbors.”
John turned back to the sylph and thinned his lips. “We have a deal, you can collect once it’s done.” He said firmly. He tuned out Sherlock’s little laughs off to the side.
use caution like this? You have a booby trapped cast on your arm because you can’t be trusted to keep it on!”
“Oh, pictures, mostly.” Mrs Hudson chuckled, leaning over and flipping it open as Sherlock finished his food. “But some of them are of people you might want to know.”
Sherlock tented his fingers and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. It made him look shrewd, which Bluebell was entirely sure was the point. “You’ve barely said anything, at least anything of importance, since we began. You think of yourself as an intelligent woman, yet you’re constantly having to ask for clarification. Does that bother you? Is that what these ‘deductions’ are about?”
John rolled on his side as the weight on his chest lifted and vanished, clutching his throat as his body convulsed and he coughed himself raw.
“Ma Belle, I think I’d like to see you fight Doctor Watson there. His holier than thou attitude is annoying.”
“You can see, he can’t exactly take on cases at the moment.” John said calmly to the DI over a cuppa.
“I wanted to find her.” John answered, doing his best to sound dense. He tilted his head a tad to add to the image.
John hissed, and Sherlock whipped back around. “Yeah. Sorry about the floors, Mrs Hudson," John motioned at the small trail of blood he'd left, "though I’m sure with him here they’ve seen worse.”
With a tiny smirk tugging at the edge of his mouth, Sherlock crumpled another.
Three different problems face our boys. Neglecting just one will have dire consequences.
Apparently finished his inspection on Bluebell, Moriarty lifted his other hand and transferred her over. He now held her by his side, by her ears, and looked over to Sherlock. John was still about an inch from the detective, much to his discomfort, but didn't move.
John had stopped paying attention, really, and was looking out the large window in the room, when he caught the real start of Sherlock’s plan.
“Look how well that turned out. You can’t bring all that bollocks in here, the less technology the better.”
“I intend to break the curse, therefore there is no use learning it.” Sherlock strode on, behind the house, only stopping when they reached the fence.
“How sure are you of that?”
on a case.” Then he turned away, flexing his fingers wide and fisting them again and again before running at an angle towards the wall. He pushed off a tree next to it and managed to grab the ledge of the mossy stone. He reestablished his grip carefully, then hoisted himself up.
“Um. Tell me a secret.” He narrowed his eyes, looking at her like a frivolous child. “I mean, a personal secret. Something you don’t like other people to know. I’ll let you see this part of me, if you do something similar.”
Again, Bluebell had no reason to trust that he was telling her… anything, really. But she felt in her gut he was, and something very important at that. “Alright then. ‘Redbeard’. I’ll keep it to myself.”
“Get out, Sherlock, just because I can’t walk away doesn’t mean I’ll sit idle and listen to you.” He said, not looking up.
As Sherlock paid the cabbie, John opened 221B with thoughts of a shower and a winker on his mind. Whatever the hell had happened when he was talking to the sylphs had drained him, made him feel clammy and not right in his own skin.
“Hurry and finish getting dressed. We don't have much time left.” He whispered, giving her a reassuring smile regardless of whether she looked frightened outwardly. If John was really honest,
“Mummy went away for work already, I don’t wanna be left alone.”
With the green and the voice and the look on Moriarty’s face, Sherlock was struck with the image of a snake readying to strike. The fact that Bluebell was a rabbit only lent credence to this visual.
“Mycroft!” Sherlock growled, not fast enough in his shock to stop them strapping him down to the stretcher and the helicopter started up again. “Where is John!” He yelled over the deafening hum of the blades above him, pushing whatever of his dark curls weren’t matted to him with dried blood.
“Redbeard.”
John was studying his surroundings with wonder and curiosity, not paying much mind to which jam he slathered on his toast. “Are you two getting on better now that you’re home?”
She narrowed her eyes and her nose twitched. She had an awful idea what he meant. “Observe…?”
“No…” Sherlock turned, looking annoyed with his hands in his pockets. “I said it was safer for a
“I moved around a bit, I think. Plain toast and tea. Talking to… I dunno, Sherlock maybe? Then… some kid, He gave me something else, like a candy or something…”
“We need the bloody bomb squad…”
Gears whirred in John’s head. They could not afford to be caught this early in the plan. They couldn’t really afford to be caught at all…
“Uh.” John rubbed behind his head. She was asking a question he had become familiar with, but from the other side of things. “Nothing good has happened to me from being… Fae. Or part Fae, or whatever we are. The most important things in my life have been from humans.”
John walked up, kept himself from jogging, to the building where they’d taken the lift underground. The security system had been removed, all that remained were the holes that fed wires to the card readers. Nothing was locked, security doors completely gone. And the outer lift doors were open, lift itself gone or... Dusty boot prints littered the area, not military but still professional. He sat on his haunches beside the open doors and put one finger to the grey grit settling there. It was still wet, wet enough for him to write his initials or a heart or whatever else people wrote in wet cement. His heart thumped and his brain turned over itself. This is what happened, when they’d finally found the proof. It was gone. They’d done what they could to save a life, even after John was exposed. But they’d lost the bigger battle; military experimentation on Shifters. Now they had…
“Yes.”
“Ah, bugger me.” Lestrade put his forehead in his hand. She used the opportunity to duck him and join Sherlock as he snapped on his gloves and handed her a pair.
The voice right behind them changed to a low, demanding hiss and John felt like it was reaching into his spine with cold, ethereal claws as they entered the ring of mushrooms, the light fading quickly around them.
“Well sir, one might think perhaps you were only trying to get permission to call me Katarine.”
“Why do you want to know? Data?” John huffed, too tired really to be as annoyed as he wanted to.
John groaned. “How did she even get your number?”
“Hm.”
John watched, feeling abandoned, defeated, and confused. But the black curls bobbed over the side to look at him.
AKA the costume department has a lot of fun.
“We’re doing that right now, it was going to happen either way.”
“I know. That’s why I’m doing it.”
“You’re surprisingly good with children.” John said, not really thinking about it. Then he frowned, because he felt like he’d said something like that before.
Sherlock watched, not dissatisfied nor assauged, as Doctor Watson returned to action and John Watson vanished for the time being.
As usual, Sherlock was staring intensely. Watching with a discerning gaze, collecting data. And for reasons he didn’t understand nor care about, John didn’t begrudge him. He didn’t feel like a slide under a microscope, or a crime scene, or anyone unlucky enough to be around Sherlock when he was bored. He felt the eyes on him and all it gave him was comfort.
I referenced two ACD stories here; the Sussex Vampire and one other I hope is obvious. In the Vampire case, which I cut and shortened due to the length of the chapter, I do not mention a disability in one of the characters. This is because it has little bearing on the case itself and I thought throwing it in there would be tactless, seeming sort of like an afterthought. I will be the first to admit, I do not know if this was the right call. Please let me know in the comments if I should have included it, and if so, how to do so properly.
Even the next morning after nearly no sleep, as they sat in the little kitchen their suite had and drank much too much coffee, it seemed Sherlock was content to just ignore that the fight (or rather, outburst) had happened at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
Upon learning who Cennerous apparently was, Mycroft sent word a helicopter would come collect her.
“I know dear.” Mrs Hudson replied fondly. “Nasty old lady, spurring you on against something you’d rather give up on.”
John looked up, first at his friend’s determined, cold face… then to the thing sticking to the wall directly above their heads. It flicked out an overlarge tongue, a spit of fire flickering only a second around it's lips.
“So, what am I to call you?” She asked, her expression extending her laugh lines.
“That was fun, children. But I think we’re done. A little better housebreaking before the next auction, I should think.” Moriarty casually strolled in, hands tucked in his pockets. “You know this part. Dreadfully dull. Or would you prefer to wrestle around on the floor a while longer?” With a look of superiority, the Irishman pulled a hand from his pocket and began to raise it. Sherlock’s eyes flashed as he recognized the tool in his hand, and he pulled his gloves out with practiced swiftness. He donned them, and before John could even tell what was happening the leather clapped hard over John’s ears and pulled him in.
“K told me you dismissed her case.” Bluebell huffed quietly, tapping her foot rapidly on the tile.
As promised, Sherlock was just outside when John pushed through the front door…
The woman frowned hard and stood between them, blocking Sherlock’s line of sight. “What the hell do you want with her?”
“Right. There really isn’t time and I don’t trust him remotely. Shit.” Standing and going to his case, he got out his med kit. “Go get a bucket, a glass of water, and…” he took out a dressing gown as an afterthought, “throw this at Sherlock while you’re in the bathroom, he’s sitting there in a towel. Unless he buggered off even after I told him not to.”
John doesn’t even remember that they’re naked.
“Fuck, Sherlock –”
The three of them had gone into the city on the night of the Paralympics Opening Ceremony. Greg had insisted they actually leave the Village to try and relax, and Sherlock had argued with him about it for nearly two hours before John had physically dragged him up from Greg’s bed, slammed him into the wall, and bit his soft, pale neck just to get him to shut his mouth. Hissed into Sherlock’s ear that he
My second example is this:
“Like I have said, he knew what he was saying yesterday. He understood the timing. Whatever happens, it is not your fault.”
Watson: “Started out as a way to pay for it all, honestly. I’m not from . . . well, my family didn’t have money. It wasn’t . . . well, you get what I mean. And once I got in, I . . .” He shrugs. “Well, I guess I just liked it, so I stayed. Not all of it, obviously. War is war. But, it worked for me. There was always something to do – a reason to be there.”
, everything was finally settling down, returning to normal, and now Sherlock has to go and open his
Love y'all <3
I listen to him breathe for a long while, and my body slowly melds into his. I can’t believe he’s there, that I can feel him warm and solid and breathing behind me.
I nod down the little hall and rise to clear up the plates. I smile to myself over the sink thinkin’ of how Sherlock had come up behind me there the night before and slipped his rough hands up under the front of my shirt and rubbed over my nipples while I tried to finish the damn dishes.
John stares down at his phone in his hand after the call hangs up for a long, long time.
Greg said he had early morning shifts over in Torrance anyway that whole week to train with the beat there on freeway pursuits down the notorious 405, and so after a few more jokes about how Johnny needed to knock some sense into Scotty Holmes and not let him be too much of an asshole, John had hugged Molly goodbye and clapped Greg on the back and driven back to his dark and empty room.
“—Opening Ceremonies from last night.”
Wet lips on skin, soft sucking and quiet licks, and Greg’s deep groaning voice between panted kisses, “
“Please . . . I’m sorry.”
It’s only
I hold my breath and push through the crowd, fruitlessly searching for a tall dark head even though I know I’ll never ever find it in this place. Not in these neon lights and pulsing bodies and sequins. Not here.
“True, but. . .”
Sherlock’s paddling straight towards Dickie, as if he knew exactly where he would surface. John covers his mouth with his hand as Sherlock reaches out for Dickie and pulls his limp body onto the front of his board. They’re just to the right of the main breaking point, dangerously close to the to the crashing falls of the waves as the ocean continues to barrel towards the shore, completely unaware of the three men trying not to drown in her foam.
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispers. He moves his hand up to grip harder at John’s shoulder, and suddenly pain radiates out from his socket. John winces with a hiss before he can hide his reaction, and Sherlock freezes before whipping his hands from John’s body, stepping back.
But to me?
“The chick bobsled team?!”
The LAX terminal looks exactly the same. John feels surprised as he navigates the hallways, dodging other harried travelers with their luggage, until he remembers that of course it fucking looks the same. It’s only been four days since he was last there, running like hell to catch his flight after being stuck in a taxi in traffic and praying to god that he wasn’t about to do something extremely stupid showing up unannounced at Scotty Holmes’ doorstep.
The stands go eerily still, almost silent as the drone cameras start to slowly track through the entire field on the screen, starting way back with the twentieth place skier and moving up to first. Greg wonders when was the last time that either he or Sherlock breathed.
Enjoy!
When Greg finishes his final adjustments, he bends his neck, his gaze on the floor, averting his eyes as if waiting for a rundown of what he shouldn’t have done.
John gasps hard through his nose and blinks once hard, leaving a sheen of water across his eyes.
John sighs again through his nose and stares out the front window towards the beach like a man staring at his own gallows. Sherlock moves his hand up to John’s shoulder, loose and open after Sherlock helped him stretch it standing in the shade of a nearby canopy of trees. John’s brow suddenly furrows.
The camera tracks them as they walk, panning left until they slip down a small hallway into one of the side paramedic rooms, leaving everyone else behind.
I’m sinking.
Rick gestures at the photograph. “Tell us Sherlock, with your Final just days away, are Greg and John working together to be your dream-team for success? And how does Greg feel about—?”
“I saw you the next year there. When you won again.”
Sherlock hums and throws back the seeds into his mouth, almost knocking the sunglasses off the top of his head.
because of me.”
Thank you so much for reading and joining me on this little AU adventure! I had such a blast writing it and diving into this rich universe. A gigantic thank you to everyone who has left comments, kudos, support, recs, etc, and also THANK YOU to all of you for trusting me with this angsty story! Especially those of you who didn't know the original source material. I truly hope this story was still enjoyable and understandable if you haven't watched the episode it's based on. :)
I need to know. I need to know so badly that it burns in my veins. How long he’s had to suffer like this. How long he’s been trapped.
what it felt like to watch you from down there. To just . . . have to stand there. And then to see you bloody pushing away the paramedics? ‘Oh, look at me, I’m Sherlock Holmes, I know what I’m doing, I can stand on my own two feet and don’t need the bloody stretcher, thank you very much.’ I mean, Christ, they were trying to
Sherlock fixes him with a look. “Well I wasn’t wrong, was I? Why does that matter?”
. . .
up, trembling with the want to see John Watson fall apart above him. To have John’s pleasure and his lifeblood and his bravery all vulnerable and laid out in Sherlock’s hands, begging to be kept safe. Begging to feel good.
Greg sucks in a breath. Someone’s hands are roving across smooth, sweat damp skin, caressing planes of hard muscle. Or maybe it’s soft muscle. Or maybe it’s the line of an arching spine. Fingertips across bone.
—but then again, the camera can be deceiving when it comes to speed. And there’s no way John could ever make up for over a minute lost back at the start. Sherlock did the math himself.
Walter nods, then winks. “Try to sleep for at least an hour, eh?”
Keith Hartman’s love affair began when he signed his name on that crisp white piece of paper, pen ink flowing smoothly throughout the whole entire “K.” He had green eyes like the grass on a baseball field, and hair that’d been cropped in a military cut since he was born, and a whole hallway back at his momma’s home in Alabama covered in Navy medals going all the way back to 1805. Straight gleaming white teeth that could be their own lighthouse in the middle of the foggy, black nights. He wrote letters home to his girlfriend Lila May, waiting and praying for him on an Alabama farm. He told the other sailors during mess hall that her tits were the prettiest little buds you ever did see. He told John in the black of night, shoulder to shoulder on the starboard deck, that really she was keeping her skirt pulled down and her blouse buttoned up until the day she had a wedding ring on her finger. He had danger in his eyelashes and adventure in between his toes. Lit up like a firework when he stood shoulder to shoulder with John standing at attention and found out the two of them were among those chosen for The Mission.
NEXT TIME: A certain interview is about to happen . . . and after that, a fun vacation!
Sonya beams at him. “Humble words from this inspiring biathlete here today. John, we hope to see a repeat performance tomorrow for the Finals. Best of luck to you.”
He can’t tell Greg how he lay awake that entire night shivering under the covers, fighting with himself not to turn over and ask Greg if he still remembered the taste of John’s lips, if he could describe to him every detail of the whisper of John’s breath, if he could kiss him the way he’d once kissed John Watson just so Sherlock could understand, so he could cross it off his list and file it all away and
“I see the hair salon finally got in them special dyes you ordered – the ones that don’t go and rub off on your dress collars,” he says, serious as if he was readin’ a will.
Watson looks back up from gazing down through the window and adjusts his sunglasses. He stretches his arms in front of him, then leans side to side to crack his neck.
“We’re coming with you,” Sherlock hears himself say, sharp and a bit too loud.
John lets himself stare at Sherlock’s back for just a moment as he starts to make the coffee. His eyes trace the firm lines of his back and shoulders, the strength in his arms, the dip of his hips and muscles in his thighs. Bony ankles perfectly balanced on hardwood. He lets himself stare, and he tells himself that he’ll be able to see this sight every morning until somebody walks in and physically drags him away. And he tells himself that Sherlock Holmes will live.
The oxygen is sucked from my lungs in a rush. I think that maybe I’ll shrivel up and explode. “What the fuck do you know about her?” I force myself to ask. I can feel the rage burning in my eyes. The fear.
I can barely form a thought. Form a sentence. “But we just . . . but we –”
Listen to "Flaws" by Bombay Bicycle Club
John waits for the stab of whatever terrible thought is coming: the guilt, or the horror, or the shame, or the disgust, the impatience or embarrassment.
John isn’t sure how long they sit there. Sherlock doesn’t move a muscle beneath him. Doesn’t shift or fidget or tense. When John can finally take a full breath again he almost laughs. His lungs feel one hundred pounds lighter. He feels like he did during that moment when he’d hovered weightlessly in the air after leaping after Sherlock off the cliff into the gentle, steady blue. He knows somewhere deep in the pit of his soul that he doesn’t need to tell Sherlock a single reason behind what just happened. That he doesn’t have to pretend that tears aren’t still on his face, or that Sherlock didn’t just hold him as he broke apart, or that Sherlock’s hands weren’t caressing the ugliest part of his skin like it was the petals of a beautiful, fragile bloom.
, J . . .”
Received:
do it.”
John’s hackles lower; she looks utterly harmless. “Yeah, well, it appears everyone decided we need to stand up despite the perfectly suitable benches,” he says, shooting her a fake grimace.
Holmes is just stepping up into the back of the chopper when Watson comes sprinting out of the door to the hangar kitchen. Holmes starts quickly closing the helicopter door, but not before Watson shoves his foot inside and kicks it back open. He shuts the door behind him just in time for Greg to soar the helicopter up off the ground.
John does know. He had sex right out there out under the stars on that beach, and still he holds the clothes firmly in front of him. A fiery, hot madness starts to churn deep down in his gut. The blinding need to grab something made of glass and break it.
Heart in my throat I run. I sprint. Flying past houses with warm windows blazing just inside, tearing around the corner with my shoes skidding harshly on the wet, black asphalt. He’s flying ahead of me, eating up the street in great gulps with his black coat flying out behind him, caught in the lights from the stars.
And I’m watching myself in my mind’s eye standing alone, chasing after a ghost like an absolute fool. A ghost they all told me wasn’t right in the head. A ghost who doesn’t want someone chasing after him. Not me.
If you had asked me six months ago when we thought we’d have to come out and explain everything to everyone I’d have seriously doubted we’d make it even another month or two. I realize in thinking back on this that I’ve really left out a lot of people we know – people that any readers of my blog would probably be waiting to pop up. But, I did say at the start of this whole thing that it would be about us, about my love and I. It turns out I’m a jealous bastard, and the thought of mixing and blending our memories together with anyone else feels sacrilege. And I honestly don’t think future-John will be complaining too hard about reading a diary that talks about Sherlock and Sherlock alone.
Fire burns up his spine and crackles in the pit of his chest as he pulls John’s body flush against his and feels the rapid beating of John’s heart straight through to his own skin. Feels John’s peaked nipples brush against him. An electric shiver through his blood.
, you will take this from me, too? The happiness of this day? You think that a kiss is all I can think about after I have just watched you
Lying there on his back, Sherlock realizes for the first time how fascinating his room ceiling looks. It swims in a watery swirl, blinking in and out of his vision. The cheap, rough carpet caresses his naked back. His heartbeat eclipses all other sound. He should get up and get dressed and prepare for this blasted interview. He should eat something. He should burst into Greg’s meeting and grip the front of his jacket and kiss him, too. He should wash and hang Greg’s Rossignol jacket to dry so it’s clean when Sherlock gives it back to him tomorrow on the slopes.
Alma laughs. “Don’t ‘no ma’am’ me when you’s old enough to be my own daddy,” she says. “You ever held a baby before?”
John stares at her. “Is it really?”
he hears.
John nearly groans in frustration as he covers the phone with his hand and looks up to call back to Maxine. “Right, one minute!”
“Yeah, sorry,” he forces out.
Watson grabs the back of Holmes’ neck, pulls him down, and gives him a quick kiss goodbye on his lips. It happens so fast, the rest of the team look like they can barely believe what they just witnessed. The hangar seems to freeze.
Sherlock closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. John’s tone of voice is one Sherlock’s heard him use once or twice before with unruly children horseplaying around on a ski slope, usually right before one of them yells, “
Greg bites his lip when he notices out of the corner of his eye that the screen behind them is now covered with Sherlock’s official Olympics portrait—where he looks like he was mid-saying something condescending to the photographer, his curls in his face and his eyes narrowed into piercing slits. That, and that stupid photo of himself looking up at the French flag from the podium at Sochi, his final Gold around his neck.
“Ha!”
Viens skier avec moi  :  Ski with me
And even though Sherlock wants to rise to his feet and yell, “
Enjoy the final chapter :) Once again, I promise a happy ending. Just a kind heads up that this chapter does contain major character death, as well as brief references to the death of a child.
And it isn’t that Sherlock’s jealous of John—that isn’t it. But rather . . . as he takes stock of the three of them strewn about the Olympic Village . . . something has fractured. The scales have shifted, so swiftly Sherlock never had time to make an emergency plan for how to get back to the way things were before. And John doesn’t need Sherlock’s help. And Greg thinks Sherlock doesn’t need his coaching anymore. And Sherlock’s spent the past two days probably squandering his chance at a medal. And they’ll all fly home in a few days in stark, disappointed silence, not even sitting by each other on the plane, coming home to a flat that’s long since lost the smell of all three of their distinct shampoos.
And here Sherlock was thinking he was about to walk out and insert himself between their arms, taste their bodies and lick and clutch handfuls of bulging muscle and soft skin, beg them to surround him, and take him to bed, and
So yeah, I’ll let my gorgeous man fuck me every night through the mattress if it reminds him that he
John wants to cup Sherlock’s face in his hands and whisper to him
Sherlock looks in the direction of the American voice and sees another guard coming out of the office attached to the security desk. Her eyes are wide and bright in that familiar way Sherlock has long since become immune to, and he wonders what this woman would do if she knew that Sherlock was actually tempted to kiss her right here on the spot for her impeccable timing.
“Hm. Fine. But what do you intend to do if you suddenly Shift during this case?”
Moran manages to successfully sell off our boys. Blue finally meets John and confirms a hunch. Sherlock's lack of Sight is a double edged sword.
“Doctor Watson.” Faas’ mother spoke above the crowd, though with softness resembling a purr.
Sherlock stayed stock still, apparently thinking, for a few minutes. At least until they were in the air, and the vast unpleasantness of popping ears was over with. Bluebell had stopped paying attention. She wasn’t going to push.
“Sherlock…” John started as the beast opened its jaw, much wider than should be possible and let out a screech that made him cover his ears. Sherlock was, of course, unaffected by the fae creature… but as John scanned the room, he noticed something that made him pause. Moriarty didn't seem to have heard it either.
“Why?” Steward hissed.
Left alone with the still glaring animal, Lestrade watched John disappear before turning his attention to the odd little bear-monkey. “Somehow this doesn’t seem as odd as John as a wolf, though I guess that’s ‘cause he’s the ‘normal’ one between you. Not that it means much when it’s being compared to you, eh?” Sherlock hissed another bark, then tucked his ears back and curled his lip down. Lestrade couldn’t help but chuckle. “Can’t be easy on you, when you can’t make comments and corrections whenever it suits you.”
Sherlock looked down, obviously unhappy they’d stopped, but stuck his hands in his pockets and answered. “The map just leads to way points. We will meet the fae in those places and follow them to our marked Shifters from there. None of those points is in this country, so we need to go back and regroup. Once we do, seeing as you passed their little test, we can hand off the feather to Mycroft’s people and split our job in half. He’ll be able to show the feather as proof of the spells contract.
“Paranormal, is it?” Sherlock asked quietly.
“If you like, Miss Estrelle, you can sit with me and help me drive.” Sherlock said calmly.
“She wasn’t here, rather no one was.” The woman replied shortly. Something looked very familiar about her… “Where is my son?” She spoke with quiet ferocity, the pistol in her hand honed in on John’s heart unwavering.
“Yeah. Blunt force trauma, easy enough to determine cause of death.”
, I thought she was envious.” John huffed at his own stupidity and ran a hand over his face.
John dug carefully into where he knew he kept his charcoal and took it out, as well as a set of medical gloves.
’ No. No! He jerked his head a bit, but couldn’t shake it.
AKA every horror movie ever involving low lying clouds.
John had seen it before, Dr Franklin had roamed the moors that way before they’d caught him. “I’ve never done that," he said to Faas, then turned to spit at his captors. "I don’t know how.” At least now he understood the large muzzle…
Looking less perturbed at that question, Mycroft nodded. “Yes.”
“Faas?”
Yes! I’m working on some stuff for a different fandom. I intend to finish at least a full section (all chapters in a single fic) before posting. Any sort of sequel, I’d see how it was going and might post chapters as I write them, I don’t know yet.
“I’m not the one who keeps getting kidnapped and shot, John. And making up nieces?! What the hell is that about?! If Clara had gotten that message first, she’d have flipped!”
The flight they wanted to catch was the last one that day, and though it was just a 15 minute walk to the airport they were already running late. As such, they chose to cut directly towards it instead of taking the path that wound a good ways back from the cliffs.
John blinked and looked up at her. The blazer went halfway down her thighs and she’d had to roll up the sleeves, but she looked so much more comfortable. Somehow it didn’t look as odd as the gown had. He opened his mouth to reply to her, but was distracted by something moving on the ceiling. Sherlock glanced up, but searched in vain. The creature was obviously fae, and looked like a very large, very dark salamander.
Undressing Sherlock wasn’t as difficult as he’d guessed, not only from a physical perspective (he moved and held himself wherever John pulled, like a doll), but from a psychological one. Sherlock was never overly conscious about his own nudity, which made it silly for John to make a fuss about it. It was long before now he’d grown accustomed to whatever state of dress Sherlock had ever employed. He’d been worried their kiss had derailed his thoughts enough to make this awkward, but somehow the way Sherlock was completely distracted and the emotional aftermath of the mobbing made it easy to deal with in comparison.
But he picked it up all the same, if only to try and get rid of it somewhere Sherlock wouldn’t see, before leaving his cold tea and returning home to 221B.
“What do I…” Bluebell thought briefly, she really didn’t know. The only reason she hadn’t shut him down was she wasn’t entirely against letting him see. Though she’d be nude to start, she doubt she had to worry about Sherlock Holmes staring or making her feel judged about it. “Why don’t you guess?”
the brilliant man was thinking. He’d admit often, and vocally, how annoying it was. He would not, however, admit that it was fairly endearing as well.
Though the ruse was tiresome and the party much, much too loud, Sherlock slid into the social circle with ease. It was not the first time, though usually it was to trade a favor or because of blackmail courtesy of Mycroft.
had burnt the tea towels with acid of all things) at Sherlock as he passed.
Bluebell chuckled a bit, though it turned into a wheeze. “Dear lord I hate you.” She groaned and rolled over, back under the covers as the chills ran through her, from her spine outward.
“It’s a start, dear.” Mrs Hudson left him to it, turning to open a kitchen drawer and pull out a photo album. Bluebell watched Sherlock while her back was turned, thinking he’d try to throw away his food, or hide it somehow… because she’d noticed in a lot of ways, he acted like a child. But he either thought better of it or didn’t feel he could fool his landlady, because he actually ate about half his bagel before she brought the album to the table and put it beside his plate.
’ before he stopped himself. There were plenty of things Sherlock could explain, that John thought previously were impossible. He couldn’t stop himself from a pained smile when he thought how perky the detective got when he was asked for clarification outright, given an excuse to show off. Was he alive? Was he still stuck in the middle of Dartmoor under a rental? John pinched the bridge of his nose and inhaled sharply through it. Then he let his hand and expression fall to neutral.
“Maybe I could get Sherlock to ask… he likes riddles.”
“I don’t know, I think you did very well.” Sherlock smirked.
“You really don’t, not to me.”
Sherlock returning the car while John bought the train tickets, Strel dogging along after them (she had to hold John’s hand, while Sherlock didn’t care) felt very familial. It was nice. It made John wonder if Harry would actually get her act together enough for a family, so he could hang out with some niblings for real.
“Bluebell.” Sherlock said softly, standing and approaching her. “You can say no.” He stopped about two feet back and folded his arms behind his back.
“I’m fine, thanks.” John mumbled, taking out his torch and clicking it on as the light faded. Sherlock followed suit.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please, tell me how, because I can’t often get him to shut up.” Lestrade murmured.
, and the scent he’d been tracking was thick in his face as he doubled over into the arm, pain seeping through his gut…
Finally stepping into John’s path and stopping him from moving other than clenching and unclenching his fist, Sherlock put out a hand. John looked at it, not understanding.
#NotDead
“Yeah okay.” John was concentrating much harder than necessary on his leg.
Sherlock had opened his case and was going through it on the bed. When John approached, he saw why… apparently at some point between packing and leaving, his flatmate had packed his own things in with John’s.
Faas nodded, mouth full at the moment. He was watching Sherlock again, who’d returned to his paper.
Sherlock positively glowered. There was no missing persons case for John due to the abnormal circumstances, but he was sure his brother had informed Lestrade at least that John was abducted and that he couldn’t get involved. The fact he’d done nothing, as ordered, was telling. And it made Sherlock lose a majority of what respect he’d afforded the DI over the years.
“Hush. You’re right in my damn face.”
“Fine, fine.” She croaked, not seeming very cognizant as she sank onto a puffy old lounger as if in slow motion.
Sherlock pushed forward against John’s weak grip, little hands forcing him back against his face. John laughed, which made it hard not to smile.
“John, stop.”
John sniffed and rubbed his nose. “Yeah. The week. Then the month, the year, and however long past that I damn well please.”
Sherlock…” John stood, forcing his flatmate to take a step back. “Since when do
. “What? So you can’t tell if I get blood on them.” John didn’t even laugh at his own terrible joke. "You know, because I keep getting shot? Nevermind..."
John stopped, and suddenly the name popped in his mind. “Shit.” He put his phone down on the table as if it were a bomb. “A boy who disappeared without a trace thirty years ago… so they did report it after all.”
“Well I’m awake.” John batted the next one out of the air. “Stop.”
Mrs Hudson is the best.
Blinking and shaking his head, John finally threw off the stupor. Realizing most all he could see were the discerning icy eyes and damn sharp cheekbones of his flatmate, John scrambled to back up. Sherlock kept his grip firm.
Elevated heart rate, sweaty palms, trembling all over, the feeling of being smothered represented outwardly with shortness of breath. All telling signs of panic. Only Sherlock was not accustomed to these signs in himself.
When John looked up again, the area was empty. The only movement he could see was the silver thing wandering far off. He blinked. He hadn’t seen anything like this before, only in the city were Neighbors sparse.
Sherlock stood there, frustrated by his hesitation. He could have put a hand on John’s shoulder, that would have been the best thing now to reassure him. But he didn’t move. Because if he stepped forward when John was this distraught, he didn’t think he’d put his hands on his shoulder, but rather around his waist.
“Very well,” the older man sighed, “I will spell it out for you. To be blunt, these,” he pushed the file towards John, who made no move towards it, “are everything you’ll need to relocate to a therianthrope community in America.”
Sherlock hesitated a second before reaching out to take the evidence bag. Carefully, he pulled open the ziplock and pulled out a carefully folded coat. He let the bag fall where it may, not looking away from the black Haversack… he breathed carefully, as if moving air could disintegrate the fabric. He adjusted his grip so he was holding the coat around it’s waist, letting the arms unfurl. It was certainly genuine, not a ploy courtesy of his conniving brother.
“Planning a late one?” John asked, stifling a yawn. The walk back had taken twice as long at their leisurely pace.
“I assume you don’t have a passport.” Sherlock said as he wound his scarf around his neck and descended the stairs. He didn’t pause to let her back up, and she was lucky she had rabbit-like reflexes or he’d have barrelled her over.
Sherlock quickly found the glass shards wrapped in a cloth napkin. “John.” He looked up and bolted over in time to catch the bathroom door before it closed. “Show me.”
“Lestrade.” Sherlock said, voice an octave low and reverberating the air.
“Yeah, good. Brilliant.” Sherlock twinged, it cut deep John would use that word like this. “Answer me.”
Sherlock changed rails, prodding for the answer. Why couldn’t John just say it? “But you worry I won’t bring you with me on cases anymore.”
“It looked uncomfortable.”
“Hm. I’ll go. Perhaps you can stay with Mr Blythe. Persuade him to assist me when I return.”
“Good, that’s good. Let’s get you back to bed alright?” He helped her up and into bed, covering her and murmuring reassurances. Once she was settled, he knelt in front of Faas. “Your brother gave her something. Do you know what that was? Because we have a very short time to purge it from her system if it was anything bad.”
Lestrade, by comparison, was less composed, and it wasn’t any wonder why. He was holding up his teacup, but staring at the animal hanging upside down by its tail (by the hook that once hosted a suicidal mannequin) as it’s small dexterous paws worked with something pliable he couldn’t make out. “Is it contagious or something?” He asked, half serious.
“You didn’t bring yours.”
John ran a hand over his face, flinching when the second ring loosened. “Sherlock, you don’t
Seeming to come to his conclusions, Sherlock turned to face John and walked right up until they were almost touching, looking down at him; stoic, unreadable.
“I tried.” John didn’t miss that, though he wasn’t sure if Sherlock actually intended him not to. “I got through about twenty variations of tobacco ash. That was it for me.”
“I’ll bring something he can eat with his hands, then.”
against the tile. “Take the week, Doctor Watson. Say your goodbyes. Gather what sparse possessions that hold meaning for you. Look over this file.” He tapped it with, of course, his damned umbrella. “Then I will have a car collect you.”
Having to clean up seemed somehow beyond Sherlock’s abilities at the moment. Something held his attention and it wasn’t the feeling of yolks in his shoes.
Sherlock finally takes on the glowing rabbit case.
“Then you’ve not done it properly.”
John stared adoringly for another moment, until the darkness made it difficult to see. The other fae still hadn’t come back. “Now what?”
“Ah, of course. I would certainly have noticed if you were among the guests there.” She giggled, flattered. “I myself was able to purchase a rather exotic pet.”
John pushed hard on his rage to keep it below the surface as he recognized one of the twins in a collar, like a pet. Like an animal.
After an hour in the same area with no luck, Sherlock decided to move on and circle back later. He crossed the road with his ears perked to any sound, eyes sharp to make certain he went unseen, and made it across silently. He was fairly sure he’d remained hidden as he began again.
In which Mycroft knows exactly as much as Sherlocks usual expectations; more than he'd admit and less than he'd guessed.
Everything was in full swing when they got there, and maybe it was a mercy John was seen as a pet, because he was led around the back instead of entering in the front with Sherlock. And seeing as he’d apparently proven the day before he behaved himself, there wasn’t much in the way of security around him after he was put in a small sitting room and told to wait. He’d been instructed ‘his kind’ wouldn’t be allowed in until the second half of the party, when the Madame’s new acquisition was presented. Then he and any others would be ushered in. John hoped fervently no other Shifters would come, because it would be hard enough getting one out with planning, let alone someone unexpected with new circumstances.
John’s temper paused as he tried to decide if that was a poorly timed, badly missed joke, or…
“I was eight once. I didn’t like it then either.” Still chuckling, Sherlock poured himself some coffee, added his sugar, and stood. He sipped it as he took the provided cream to the window sill and poured it into the little dish there.
to do it.”
John just got out normally, closing the door and taking out his cane.
It hardly mattered just now, the important bit was the danger. “Moriarty will be viciously pursuing us for the foreseeable future.” He offered somewhat blankly.
Their room was cozy, a few too many pillows for John’s taste as he scanned over it-
“We’re going to figure this out, together.” John assured him, reaching to claim his hand.
“The fae, to begin with…” Gigi started, but Faas’ ears perked up and he raised his head towards the ladder up leading to the rest of the plane. “Girls.” She said in a hurried, hushed tone. Both came over to her, the bald man stood and though he had to duck a little he moved over to where the cage was locked. Faas seemed to vanish somewhere.
John let out a measured breath. "You're a stunning conversationalist this morning."
She glared. “Are you serious?” She sniffed the air dramatically. “I’ve been searching for months, researching, listening. I know a Shifter has been helping the black market capture us, I know you’ve been at the center of their latest activity, I know that once picked up… no Shifter gets out, not without being allowed to do so. Why would they let you go, if you weren’t involved?”
“John.” Sherlock interjected.
Sherlock watched Bluebell closely, this transformation was nothing at all like the one he’d seen on the plane. She shook, her bones cracked as they condensed down, and she was shivering excessively. It made him clutch harder at John, to keep out the pitch Sherlock himself couldn’t make out. He didn’t let go even when Moriarty clicked off the little black box and replaced it in his pocket.
Thinking on it a minute as he took the half drunk glass from Bluebell and helping her rest back down, John clicked his tongue. “Definitely not the son, then.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s he like?” John asked, running his fingers over the bump at the base of Blythe’s skull.
His eyes blinked quickly open. Fuck, this was completely different from the stress and watchful eye he kept on the people treating him in hospital, from the disregarding selfishness he exercised upon his mother treating him as a boy… this felt intimate like nothing else comparable.
Instead of a human body of any kind, there were three animal carcasses lined up expertly on the tray. They all looked like small mammals, though one of them was mangled beyond recognition. There was a raccoon, slit up the belly with surgical precision that looked to be missing a few organs, though Sherlock could not be sure. Then a monkey of some kind that looked like it had a very unpleasant death, and was missing a paw. It’s eyes were also missing.
I'm trying to keep things balanced between action (cases included) and relationship progression. Let me know if you think of anything, or even if it's just good or bad.
So if you like my style, there will eventually be more of it. I have been workshopping my current project since November (bc NaNoWriMo), I have a sort of beta (though if/when I get to any smut they’re OUT, lol), and currently it looks like it’ll be around the same long as fuck length as these ones. Rough outline puts it into three parts. Again, we shall see. I have over a hundred pages of rough scenes and vignettes that I’ve started to refine into a structured story.
He sighed. They needed to come out. He'd much rather use the proper tools, but given the situation, he'd have to improvise.
“They’re all gone.”
John looked up, now a sincere smile spreading on his face. “Really. What have I done to you?”
They hadn’t spoken again, even once they were a safe distance from the lighthouse. And it wasn’t because John got the distinct impression they’d been seen, even if no one seemed to be following.
Sherlock slammed the book closed, his hand pressed to the cover. He didn’t make eye contact. “Where is the relevant data?” He asked, voice low and deep.
John didn’t react externally, but if she was there, this suddenly became very dangerous. Both of them had been on stage, and John at least didn’t look too awfully different other than getting his weight and color back.
John ran to her, putting down his cane beside her. She was spasming. He rolled her on her side to keep her from choking, and recognized the effects of electric shock. The black box must be a controller, if he could find the device…
Mycroft slumped into his chair in as dignified a way as could still be labeled ‘slumping’ and pushed aside Miss Grant’s file. He stared disapprovingly at the colorless photo held by a paperclip to the file underneath. He’d been unable to locate John Watson while he’d kept his brother at bay, and now he was out of time. Unless he acted more efficiently, this search was liable to get his baby brother killed.
“I’d already cleared this with your boss so if you have a complaint, take it up with him.” He spoke boldly into the black box he pushed to his ear against the crackling caused by the gusty environment. It looked as if it would storm soon, and the pilot of the jet Mycroft was supposed to send for them was none too happy with that possibility. “Yeah, I’d ‘feel the need’ to get him involved. Right, good then. We agree. Twenty minutes.” John brought the phone down and pushed the ‘end’ button before sliding it into his pocket with a sigh. He looked at the darkening clouds another few moments before turning to the shadows beneath the little air traffic control building. Well, more of a shack, but it still had overhanging eaves that mostly hid the stoic form of his partner. He turned with a sad frown and joined him.
“Have you any idea what I'll do to you if you don't?”
Not even John had any fantasies of that dissuading the inquiry.
Sherlock noted that. “You don’t want to discuss it, though.”
“I’ll let you know. No, best we not, he won’t react well. Don’t worry about it, that’s my problem. Yeah. Ta.” He ended the call on a defiant, formal note. No doubt his way of getting some power back, like a child having the last word before slamming the door. It was meaningless other than to supplement the ego. Very troubling signs were overwhelming. Very out of character for John.
“You look pretty happy, then.” A sly voice rose from atop a set of bookshelves, and John looked up to see Faas. He didn’t bother covering a large yawn.
Then he was gone, something moving past him, the stage beneath him shaking enough he could tell the heavy thing was moving around, had knocked Sherlock away, a growl nearly on top of him. He forced his eyes open, beyond the flashing lights he could make out the fuzzy shape. He raised the gun, but huge, hot claws encompassed his hand, gun and all, lifting him…
Hearing the blow dryer going, John muddled over what a posh git his flatmate was, and how maybe he should be taking this more bloody seriously…
“Can’t think of one.” Mike offered, moving to the door and holding it for the others.
I am the god of run-on sentences, and I'm leaning into it. My excuse is that I've been reading original canon and Sir ACD is nefarious for it, too. Wanna complain, leave a comment.
It wasn’t more than ten minutes before he picked it up again. Behind a house… not leading to or from the house, though… but it did seem to lead in one direction out towards the crime scene.
. Only in retaliation or by mistake. But what was Sherlock like as a boy, he wondered. Faas snapped him back to reality as he continued.
And she seemed to forget all about the Shifter she kept upstairs.
She led them to a lighthouse, which was very clearly marked as closed to the public. It was still lit, though, and someone indeed was inside at the top. As the sylph vanished, John clicked off his torch and wandered closer. “This is it.” He informed the man at his back.
Sherlock held onto his patience. Honestly, he couldn’t find John quickly enough… “Your father will be here, and I can’t find Bluebell without her. You want to find her, do you not?” He asked, playing a part to keep himself from being cross. He tapped his finger inside his pocket.
Then she backed up, flying up to where he wouldn’t be able to touch her even if he jumped, and giggled.
“Making sure we have all our things when we leave.”
“Yeah, uh…” Lestrade rubbed the back of his neck with one hand. “Like I said, meant to give it over earlier, but the elder Holmes indicated it shouldn’t be given unless you complied with certain… restrictions. It’s not… I know you expect more from me…”
The cab pulled up to the curb and stopped, but Sherlock didn’t stir. After another minute of foot tapping after paying the driver, Bluebell finally scowled and flicked him in the forehead. He jolted, coming back to the present, then glared at her. She reacted by pointing to the abandoned storefront they were sent to by Lestrade.
Sighing and knowing it was futile to ask questions right now, or maybe just deciding he was too tired to care, John grabbed his shaving kit and went to ease his sore leg under a hot shower before bed.
“We don’t have to.” Sherlock blinked at him, as if he’d forgotten something basic. John fought a grin and failed.
“I know. The party is tomorrow night. That’s when we can take her back. Another thirty odd hours.”
When Sherlock returned, John had woken up quite a bit. Obviously in pain, but neither of them reached for the little bottle they'd sent home with him. Sherlock handed over a well worn pair of striped trousers and a plain white tee.
Gritting his teeth and forcing shut his useless eyes, Sherlock worked through to a conclusion that he was not likely hallucinating.
John himself was pleasant enough, especially considering he’d been the one to have to contact Mycroft about a favor…
He had to turn it around, just for a second. He stood up straight and took off his mask to look his enemy in the eye. “It’s not close to time for that, not yet. So why are you checking on her? Are you bitter about all the attention she’s getting, all the special treatment for some
After some brown alcohol Sherlock had taken as the waiter’s recommendation, plus a bit of fresh air where he wasn’t fake laughing or pandering, Sherlock had rejoined the fray. He was dancing with the lady of the house, who seemed quite taken with him. That was, of course, the point. Still.
“Special… I eagerly await his response when I show him your lifeless body.”
So they walked the small distance down the road from the station to a small bed and breakfast, John taking in the charm of the little hamlet, and Sherlock walking too damn fast while ignoring it all. John didn’t fix his pace to keep up, if Sherlock wanted to race around he was free to do so.
Following Sherlock’s line of sight as he took off after him, John saw the proprietor briefly as she moved past a window above them. She was high up, running across the room in an enclosed gangway.
Sherlock crouched to look at her more carefully. “Extraordinary. Almost no distinguishing traits to set you apart from any natural rabbit.”
“John…” Sherlock allowed himself to whisper. He tore his eyes off the man he’d spent a month searching after and scanned the area. Still nothing. There was a commotion of some kind on stage, that likely helped. But there was still no telling… “We have no time, you have to come
“I don’t guess.” He replied shortly.
“I didn’t see him give her anything, I don’t think… he flicked his fingers along her chin before he got up, that’s the closest I saw his hands to her face. But she wasn’t really with it at the time, I don’t know if she knows what he said.” Looking Sherlock right in the eye now, John sat up straight and thinned his lips. “He was definitely testing me, goading me. He wanted to see what I’d react to. How hard I’d hold onto him when I escorted him out of the room.” Nodding his head with finality, John gave his answer. “No. I don’t think he poisoned Bluebell. I think the whole point of coming in here was for me, or Faas, or you. It was all some test of our reactions and boundaries.” While Sherlock was studying him, as an afterthought, John added “Oh, and he called me ‘pet’’. Whatever that’s supposed to mean, I don’t want to know.” he huffed.
“I'll be fine, I just want a quick word privately with your brother.”
“Yeah…” John mumbled, remembering his toothbrush was still in the bathroom and going to fetch it. “That’s what concerns me.”
John shook his head, “What do you know about cursed Shifters, Mr British Government? Had a lot of experience with curses?” He looked right at Mycroft now, daring him to be contradictory.
“No, no. What, you’re the expert now?” John snapped. He couldn’t calm down. His chest itched and he wanted to run. ‘
He sighed. “How’s that?”
John’s face fell in surprise, a deep ache settling in his gut. He swallowed, and when he didn’t say any more, Sherlock turned back to look out the window.
Don’t you dare, don’t you fucking
“Sherlock you didn’t even
“It’s no wonder,” John said quietly as he scooped her out of Sherlock’s lap, “she’s been under so much stress. You should have seen…” He stopped. He didn’t want to talk about the dollhouse.
John did, shooting a glare at him. The wanker was as calm as you please, face neutral as always. Because why the hell wouldn’t… And then the image, the voice, of Sherlock from a couple weeks past emerged in John’s mind.
His good mood fading somewhat, John let the paper down on his lap. “What’s happened?”
“Better safe…” John mumbled, concentrating as he mixed the charcoal into water carefully and sat Bluebell up. He positioned the bucket in her lap as he stirred vigorously. “You have to drink all of this. It’s not a nice taste, but you need to drink all of it. Understand?”
“Bugger this…” John mumbled under his breath. He set his face and threw off his coat, letting it flutter behind him.
“Right.” John cleared his throat. “Lead us to where the spell we need starts.” Then he tipped his hand so the little black feather dropped out of his palm. At first, it drifted down like a regular feather, but then the wind kicked up. John couldn’t see anything controlling the breeze, but he started forwards after it. You could easily brush off the feather’s path as just caught in the wind, though it took a distinct path through the trees.
-Lestrade texts Sherlock a lot and Sherlock reads between the lines to deduce his brother has been talking to the DI
“Y-no, no, Sherlock just…” He huffed. All that genius and he couldn’t understand. So many things, though, so many that John couldn’t say because to Sherlock the work came first and nothing came after it. This was home now; with Sherlock, running through London or the moors or wherever else there was something interesting going on… but it had been Sherlock’s home much longer, and it was his gate to keep. He took a deep breath and pressed his face into his hand, the cool air pushing into the small hallway making him feel just a bit better. “Sherlock.” He shouldn’t have said the name first, that made it harder. “I worry that you won’t take me
Sherlock had gone down to the end of the block and was turning in a stationary circle very slowly as John approached.
“Grand, I should bloody well hope so!” Sherlock boomed, swiftly closing the distance between him and the… butler? And smacking him heartily on the back. “Fetch your mistress, if you would, the lady Katarine De Mueron. It is for her sake I have come.”
“I suppose,” Mike let him off easy, “at least you’ve been in the army, mate. I would be an easy enough target, then, wouldn’t I?”
They stopped in a nearby coffee shop for him to read and mark bits, while John looked up anything he could online. He found nothing, unsurprisingly for the boonies out here. He was lucky to get data at all.
“Right.” John cleared his throat. “Now… on to the matter at hand. Sherlock and I have gathered enough information to have a distinct picture as to where the zoo is…”
I met Sherlock. I've been around enough to understand why, at least to start. But now I'm his family as much as you are. And you can accept that and start working with me again, or you can keep trying to get rid of me. I'm prepared for either. My point here, Mycroft, is that I'm bloody tired of your petty bullying and I'm not doing this again. Not even once more. The next time you piss him off for this reason, the next time he drops you on your arse… I won't help you back into his life.” John used his unique talent for looking down at people taller than him. “Goodnight, Mycroft.”
How long? It should be a simple enough calculation once he retreated from the pain. The acid lightning was at his face, though, and his brain wasn’t communicating as it should.
Now dressed properly, the uniform over the uncomfortable pants and a shirt, John slid the last touch over his face; the plain white mask which was essential to this plan working. Too many people in the house would be able to recognize John, but now he was properly hidden. He hurried off to find where the young girl was being kept.
, John opened his mouth and finished the tale. “Until Baskerville, I never shifted again. Not once.”
John blinked, taken by surprise. “It’s the right thing.”
The boy stuck his tongue out, but turned around and dashed out of the room.
A bit shaken, Faas stood slowly. Then he grabbed the clothing and dashed out.
“No.”
It wasn’t until noticing the weight of his clothes that John realized he was soaked. The sprinklers in the room had turned on at some point. God, he was tired… just lying on the floor strained at his beleaguered muscles. He tried to speak but only rasping came out, and he descended into another fit.
“What puzzles me, John, is why are the Fae not helping? Bluebell cannot be the first to think to seek their assistance. And given what we’ve learned about what they keep calling you, ‘Heira’, they like your kind just fine.”
“See. Easier.” Sherlock took another bite of apple. Annoyed, John snatched it from him and made his way up the stairs. “Hey.” Sherlock followed.
Why was his vision already blurring? It wasn’t as if he’d never been stabbed before… but this… was the blade laced with something? Because as his blood continued to take the warmth out of him, a terrible acidic burn spreading from the wound inwards, like a very, very slow burst of lightning as it struck in erratic lines of heightening agony.
“How is it possible we’ve been home this long and the kitchen is still mostly functional?” John lifted his head again and looked at Sherlock suspiciously.
They got a table in the back corner, not the usual one Mike and John used. Shed coats, near-shouted orders for a pitcher, hot breaths rubbed into hands, and finally, settlement.
“Copy. On my way.” John clicked off the speaker and finished taping Sherlock’s shoulder. He grasped the railing to help him stand.
It was such a shallow wound, why wasn’t it clotting? Was the blade really poisoned? Is that why it burned? But Sherlock searched his mind in vain as he attempted to attribute the symptoms to any known substance, even as the seeping red bloomed larger and larger, running down, clothing long soaked, into the dirt and grass.
“I think I’d be upset if I didn’t get to at least try these.” John said as he popped something he couldn’t identify into his mouth. It was salty and tender, and he reached for another.
John got out of the car and walked a couple meters down the drive before turning on his heel and coming back. He put his hands on the top of his door and stared at his detective.
After meeting several of Sherlock’s contacts, she honestly felt she knew less about him. The only thing she was sure of from the experience was he was an incredible actor, and only so far as when he knew his audience was looking. As soon as they turned, his face went back to neutral, or if the moment called for it, irked.
“If I have to.” Faas reached the others and stood between them and his brother. “Please leave.”
they’d forced him to shift and tased him, but done nothing else John could find. Even the dead man had
Boscombe ‘Valley’ was the name of a large farmland nearby shared by a couple of older men. They had their own houses about a mile apart, the pond about halfway between them. One of these men was the murder victim, and his son the prime suspect arrested for the crime.
Sherlock grit his teeth, his focus manic on making certain he wouldn’t shift during this conversation or make a fatal mistake or expose John to the danger he’d unwittingly brought down on them… but championing all of it was the echoing memory of John’s voice, dark and dead serious,
Sherlock watched him, panic in his heartbeat but stern resolve in his face. A part in the backdrop of his mind noted John was unlikely to pick up on even that simple a tell. “You made it very clear.” He said seriously; a reminder.
“Sir?”
About to begin helping the other Shifters, John was nearly knocked over as Sherlock rushed past him.
John snorted. “That’s the least likely thing I’ve ever heard.”
“Why? Why set it all up and then not do it? We didn’t get the tip until it’d been abandoned at least a few hours.” Lestrade asked, seemingly sinking into Bluebell’s credentials.
“Sherlock, do you want to tell me now what’s bothering you?”
“I'm not here to prove I'm
“No, of course not. What does that matter?”
John dropped his chin a bit, an odd feeling resonating from where he was being touched to down into his chest. “Sherlock.” There was no indication the animal heard him. “Sherlock.” John said again, surprising himself with his patience with this situation. He raised his hands and caught the soft, furry wrists to stop them. He was surprised at how thick the fur was, his hands sank deep into it.
“Out of my chair, Mycroft, or I'll throw you out.” Sherlock said, sounding somehow sharp and tired in tandem. He'd come up after checking something in Mrs Hudson’s flat, sending John ahead. It wasn't until then John realized Sherlock must have known his brother was here before they entered the flat.
, and I’m wearing
So they arrived in silence, handed off the keys to the valet, and made their way into the party.
“What are we doing today?” John rubbed his circled eyes and poured himself a third cup of the strong black beverage.
“You must be doing a little better controlling it, at no point while Greg was here did he have to deal with the sudden appearance of your human self strutting around starkers.” John commented at the lounging Potos as he cleaned up the teacups. He glanced up at the dangerous substance stuck to the roof as he moved into the kitchen to place them in the sink. He’d have a hell of a time getting it down if Sherlock ‘forgot’ about it there.
Turning away to spit out his reasoning, finally… it seemed obvious, honestly. “I don’t want you to leave!” Sherlock turned again, now a few paces away, to look fearfully at John as his brow furrowed. He was confused… That irked Sherlock, that reminder that even if John saw a lot of Sherlock no one else did, he was still more or less of a pedestrian intelligence. He wasn’t following.
“Ah…” Bluebell knew she had no reason to trust this woman, or Sherlock himself for that matter really… but her intuition gave off a warm feeling here with them, so she decided to anyway. “Actually… it sounds ridiculous, I know, but it would be nice to be called Bluebell…”
“Mrs Hudson.” Sherlock said sternly from the doorway, where he’d stopped after following them there. He peeled off his gloves and slapped the leather together before slipping them in his pocket.
Sherlock caught his sense back first, pushing himself up on his elbows and turning over to look at John in the face. He looked livid. “You need to smarten the hell up, John.” He hissed.
John followed his gaze, frowning a bit. “Find something?”
“Hng.” John took a deep breath and sat up straight to look over to where Sherlock hadn’t budged. “Disagree. I don’t think I could have done this before.”
Apparently, their host felt the same. “For god’s sake, can’t someone else give it a go? That gentleman, perhaps?”
“-and thus it became obvious from the decor featuring African weaponry the injuries were from a blow dart, not teeth, be they supernatural in nature or not. Jealousy is not a permissible defense for infanticide, Jack.”
Jolting as she grabbed his hand and pushed it off, John watched in horror as she started spasming in his arms. He jerked his head around to the top of the lighthouse, thinking if he could only throw something up that far…
“No, nothing that dramatic. The reason I’m getting it like this…” John opened the case to show the DI a couple IV bags full of a transparent liquid. “It’s just saline, but it’s not like I can get delivery for it.”
John raised his brow, sighed, then lowered it impatiently. “Seeing it just reminded me of talking to the other Shifters.” John said, shrugging it off. They hadn’t spoken at all about the month John was missing since leaving the auction.
Bluebell looked up from scratching behind her ear. It had been ages since she’d shifted and it was very uncomfortable. “Will I…”
she hissed quietly, “yeah I know you have it, I pay attention to your stupid cases with that giant arsehole.” She waved her arm in Sherlock’s direction. He took a sip of his coffee. “All to convince yourself you’re not just some kid anymore, powerless, but let me tell you-”
human.”
Strel pointed at him, John pushed her hand down, and she pointed with the other. She looked right at John and said “You used to talk about him.”
John opened his eyes to glare, pushing his hand harder over Sherlock’s mouth and cutting him off. “You have no earthly idea what it’s like, Sherlock.” He seethed, breath and gaze heavy as his heart refused to slow. “What I see, all the time. I’ve cut it to a backdrop before and now it’s just like I’m a kid again with waking nightmares, only now I can’t tell myself it’s just my imagination, can I?” He held firm as Sherlock raised his hands to John’s wrist. He didn’t pull him off. “Having a laugh in a pub while something dark with dripping fangs and anatomically impossible sets of eyes all over it growls at me. Setting bones as some kind of goblin giggles in my ear how nice human children taste. Running across London’s streets in the rain, having to decide in a split second if that thing in the rain on the rooftop to our left is really there, is a threat to us, or if it’s just some corrupted spirit that wants out. Wants the healing the water brings. The Sight isn’t a gift, Sherlock. The warrah is
The mistress of the house stood forward and the crowd stopped mumbling about the warrah Shifter from Ireland.
.” He threw Sherlock’s hand off him and turned to walk away.
A gentle hand caught the clammy claw that reached for the nook of her own arm. Mrs Hudson softly hushed her and held her paw against the urge to scratch the little red needle marks. The most recent ones weren’t on her arms, but for some reason those old scars were the ones that itched fiercely.
“It’s…” John stopped as he finally sat down and was close enough to smell her… no Shifter in the air, just an ordinary rabbit. “Sherlock, why do you have that?”
John looked up, letting his hand rest on Faas’ head. He didn’t look at her coldly or change his body language defensively…
“Ah. Of course sir. Please follow me.” Awkwardly, the butler led them into a sitting room. The entire interior decor was antique and restored carefully, including the silver tea set brought out to them after a moment. John’s cup, he noticed, was porcelain instead. He had to assume his more normal appearance played into Sherlock’s game somehow.
Sherlock sat in his chair and took up his violin, though he didn’t pick up the bow. “Your sister. Does she know?” He plucked the strings a couple of times.
I am getting less and less confident about writing these characters properly. If you notice something OOC or any other issues you can help me fix, please leave a comment.
When she wasn’t spitting, the woman could be categorized as attractive by current social standards. She stopped, wisely, several feet back. Gripping the handle of the trolley and looking at her hands (gathering courage), she huffed and looked up. She ignored Sherlock entirely. Irksome.
Back in a cab on their way across town to the crime scene, Sherlock had his hands lined up in front of his face, eyes closed, as he went through and stored the information Molly had rattled off. Latin names of the animals there, how long they’d been dead, what had been taken, the three different states of them (clean, middle of the road, mutilated), possibilities of where they’d come from… monkeys weren’t exactly common in London apart from the zoos, none of which had any missing animals of any variety.
“I have a working knowledge of anatomy, and of medical practices.” Sherlock finished taking off the gauze and put it aside. Then he looked up at John before peeling off the dressing, slowly. His discerning eyes flicked over the spread of dried blood on the unmarried skin around the entry wound, the careful stitching (just two in all) still holding the torn skin closed… “Wait a moment.”
Then Sherlock dropped the watch.
“Sherlock, neither of us is selling your brother to anyone, otherworldly or not.”
“No. Nothing I couldn’t handle.” John’s suspicious tone…
“...did he let us go? No idea. I’ll solve it once we’re out.”
“You think you’re a saint, do you, Monsieur Holmes? I know who you are, what you do. You might have different measurements, but you’re more full of yourself than I am. Everyone is but a child at the feet of the superior enqueteur Holmes. At least I do not seek them out to tell them how little I think of them all. I stay here, alone, out of the way. I did not even want her here, I only wanted my brother to back off.”
Sherlock, as he restrained the first guard carefully with the chains they’d evidently brought for John, heard the second guard chuckle at John’s threat. Sherlock’s lips curled up when the laughter was abruptly cut off by a smacking noise, then a horrid crack.
-Sherlock actually says 'thank you' what even
Sherlock tugged John out of the circle, careful to avoid trampling the mushrooms, and grinned down at him. He was completely smug. Usually that would infuriate John.
Faas grinned, watching them, forgotten again as was his strength.
God, was he already sweating?
Mycroft stood, his umbrella’s point making one last ringing
“It would make it much harder for us to get overseas, is why.” Sherlock said smugly as he opened the black cab door and climbed in.
“Seven. Bluebell marked the others at your auction and herself so you could find them. We need to go over rules prior to starting that off. There are bigger targets to find. This can’t be the only zoo Moriarty is keeping.”
John couldn’t turn to look at the man, hell he could hardly stay up on his own… He settled for nodding, remembering how speaking previously had been like sandpaper in his throat.
He’d made a promise, one he intended to actually keep. It was just waiting for the other shoe now.
“Yeah, you do.” Bluebell smirked. “But alright, then… suggest something.”
There wasn’t so much as a lift in the lighthouse. It had been renovated, but only modestly, more of a restoration in all likelihood. There were racks built into the walls filled with bottles of wine, an industrial sized refrigerator, and a small kitchen in the base of it. And a dumbwaiter that fed itself up the stairwell. John guessed most of the owner’s time was spent upstairs, and moved further in and up.
No leads… That wasn’t at all what he’d said to Mycroft, and he absolutely said nothing of the sort to Lestrade. He supposed he could go there before Baker Street, at least see what had the DI squawking at him. If it wasn’t just Mycroft, the nagging git.
There were also a few tables of artifacts, most of which were giving off an ominous aura like a warning siren.
From the corner of his eye, he watched them move one of the unfamiliar shifters in her cage. They seemed to want her to stay as she was; a snow leopard. They collared her with something that looked more decorative than restraining, and led her out while the other men dealt with John.
gave them leave to be here, none of the other Families have said anything about it…”
Sherlock hugged his knees into his chest and smiled broadly. “Are they trying to take the watch?”
Only a half-tick of surprise before the same sideways grin that her son possessed rose on her lips, and she took the hand firmly in hers. “Least I could do.” She answered. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Shall we?” Finally looking at Sherlock, with curiosity, she added, “We parked very close but we should be quick about it.”
I sort of feel like that amount of information about wolves wouldn’t be something Sherlock would think to ‘keep’ in his head, but it didn’t fit in the story to tell you he researched it after seeing John’s first shift. He knows a ton about wolves now because he had to identify the particular kind John is, and it’s extinct.
Huffing hard with his hands on his knees, John looked up at the sylph. She was doing loops about ten feet off the ground, and looked very proud of herself. “The Shifter… they’re… in there…?” John puffed out, strain jolting with his heartbeat up from his leg.
“... and physical vulnerability in the way of danger seems unwise.”
“I don’t have a name, John.”
It wasn’t much, but if John was going out against his warnings, it would need to do for now. In the meantime, he’d have to slip the Sig Sauer into John’s jacket without him knowing. Having it on him was paramount right now. If he needed it, his hands went for it before his brain and if that were the case, the army doctor was unlikely to complain.
for my baby brother.”
Sherlock gave her what she referred to as his ‘science’ look. “I’m sure I’ll see it at some point during this case, and I’d rather be able to observe it in a controlled environment, up close. To collect accurate data.”
And if along the way, he googled ‘therianthrope’, no one needed to know about that, either.
Sherlock inspected the tea he’d been given by the 8 year old with little confidence. He sat at the kitchen table with the escaped rabbit, who was currently a woman, as the small girl excitedly made up a plate of biscuits.
“This will take some time without access to my contacts.” Sherlock said, ignoring him. “You might as well begin questioning.”
“No, no, Johnny.” Moran rumbled in his face, showing off his daggered teeth. “One bullet is enough, don’t you think?”
But he’d never have mistaken the expressive depths of those eyes.
Shaking his head again as the wind blew his hair around, as the spirits danced around and talked to him and told him they could help him, John became irritated. “Stop it!” He commanded as he slapped his hand into Sherlocks.
(See the end of the chapter for
As it obviously wasn’t working, Sherlock had stopped calling after John and just followed. He had no idea whatsoever what he’d said wrong, or why John didn’t say anything now.
’ it always struck him that bleeding felt more like body heat leaving during mass blood loss, rather than loss of liquid.
It was past sun up by the time they finished, and John was about to ring for coffee when there was a soft knock announcing the innkeep had brought their tray.
“I suppose it depends on how you define a case. Certainly that was the first where I attempted to engage my deductions towards solving a murder.”
As he spotted something move, only a shadow from this distance, on the far side of the grounds, John wondered why he hadn’t seen anyone at all in the village. Not one human, Shifter or Neighbor.
“I mentioned once, in passing, that my first case was the murder of Carl Powers.”
“It’s going to be alright. I have to. Hold on.”
A stuffy looking man, older with a bit of paunch around the middle, came out as if to curse them out. But apparently Sherlock’s image was striking, because between seeing him and the car, the gentleman thought twice.
Sherlock read over John’s minute expression changes. “You want to go after them.”
He didn’t hear Sherlock tap over the hardwood on his bare feet to stand at the bottom of the stairs, and he didn’t see him there looking up when he closed the door.
“You’ll get your jollies either way, why does it matter?”
Next chapter slated for this week (before Friday). Sorry not sorry for the cliffhanger.
Because I couldn't find a way to add it into the story organically, Sherlock knew someone was in the flat because of the knocker. Mycroft puts it to center, John uses it to close the door so it ends up to the right. It was to the left. Mrs Hudson doesn't touch it.
“Sher- jesus.” John caught the next one, which was en route to his eye, and chucked it back. “Are you actually five years old?”
John smirked, equal parts annoyed and bemused. “Even you can figure it out, eventually.”
“Just how likely is that, John?” Sherlock asked as he put on his gloves and donned his coat, not forgetting to flip up his coat collar.
He looked curiously at John, taking a long drag that finished his cig. He drew out and lit another. “People…. No, not in most places these days. But that isn’t what you or her are, is it?” He grinned a yellowed smile. “If a pig could talk, would you stop eating bacon?”
Sherlock looked her in the eye, frowning. “What are you talking about?”
“Oh.” She looked disappointed but nodded. “Yes, that would be quite a shame. Sit, darling.” She looked down at the cat to give the command.
… was my first shift. It was during the summer, we went to the shore on holiday. Anyway, there were these boys a year or so older who were staying in the second cabin down from ours. They could smell it on me, even though I didn't know yet what it was. I figured it was one of those things, where you feel close to people you
In the meantime, Faas approached the desk and watched carefully as Sherlock took apart the cube, setting parts aside as samples. “What d’ya need fer lab stuff?”
“No, you disallowed me from bringing mine because we were supposed to be here to work on my shifting issue and Bluebell’s recovery and not research or cases. As you put it.”
There's a bit in here inspired by a comic done by my goddamn idol, Reapersun. Here's a link to the page itself:
The smile erupted it’s way across Sherlock’s entire face, infecting John’s as well, and they both laughed. Sherlock rocked forward so he fell into the lounger properly and tossed the pad onto the table beside him. “You should have a bite before we leave. In all likelihood it will be a long day.”
Flinching as a handful of fingers touched his cheek, Sherlock was shaken from his reverie and opened his eyes. God, he looked… concerned.
His head knocked back hard against the metal grating and his arms were locked upward, holding the mass of dense fur off him. He didn’t know where his gun was. “Agh!” Sharp, hot pain seeped from his shoulder, and he scrambled to get leverage with his legs, ‘
And there she was, when he lifted away the curtain of weaved satin around the four poster bed. She was sat in the middle, right between the pillows, in a floof off white and pink and lace and ribbon, her toes pointed at the ceiling. Exactly as a doll in presentation.
“The feather. Yes. Part of a skin. That’s why it smelled so strongly, to you at least. And Bluebell, when she first encountered it. And recently I have learned how they authenticate and use these skins, these pelts. Another auction guest told me at the party.” His eyes flashed and he stopped to look John dead in the face. “Places like that, even with their reputation… this particular item is bid on after a ritual of sorts.” He stepped closer, close enough he was looming over John. “They bring out a Shifter as human, force their animal form, and they
“What do you want?” He often asked, in less and less patient tones. John didn’t even bother correcting his behavior, since it seemed Strel didn’t care if Sherlock mouthed off at her.
John took it, leaning heavily on his detective’s support to avoid jostling anything. Sherlock guided John’s hands to his shoulders, bending down a little to make it easier, and tugged the pajamas the rest of the way up to sit midway up on his hips.
Sherlock sat forward, apparently forgetting that talk John had with him
Sherlock pushed himself harder and yelled as he realized what John was doing. “John NO!”
She looked slowly over at him, and the facade shattered. “Doctor-who-got-shot?” She whispered, sounding as if she was questioning more whether he was there than who he was.
The fact that it was raining was only one of many things which made this meeting with Mycroft Holmes eerily reminiscent for John. It was also the fact they faced each other at a table inside Speedy’s, and that the elder Holmes had a file sealed in plastic. What seemed different was how Mycroft was looking at him.
But the dark mass moved
When he blinked, his mind started to clear and he could see the lights fading and the music growing more and more distant. He shook his head violently, hissing as the pain came through. He didn’t let up just yet, though.
As John sat and had some tea, which was spicy and not at all what he expected, Sherlock examined the room casually.
THIS CHAPTER HAS BEEN TEMPORARILY REMOVED.
John let his face sag in weary resignation. “But I have it.” Just saying that made his throat threaten to collapse in him and anxiety throb through him. It eased a bit when Sherlock gave him a small smile and a nod. “I will try.” John mumbled under his breath.
“Damn, Sherlock… this was not
Admittedly, no one was likely to recognize Sherlock as he was now, especially with the mask on. But it made sense to ensure they recognized John. It would give Sherlock more credibility and notoriety, having tamed the wolf that rampaged onstage.
“John…” Sherlock huffed and sank in before his friend, now seemingly able to assess things himself.
“Who’s this?”
With that, Sherlock scooped up his clippings, left the remains, and walked out. John let out a little annoyed huff as he helped clean up, then paid for their drinks.
As if in a trance, the doctor stepped forward. Before he could get half a dozen steps down the road, he jolted and turned back. Sherlock had grabbed him with his good hand, on his upper arm.
“Since Bluebell used sylphs for this spell and they are attuned to the East compass point, we need to go to a place she’d started it, face that direction, and prove we… or rather, you… are worthy of picking up her trails. For that we need this…” Sherlock showed John a small black feather that made him jolt his face back. It reeked of Shifter. “And this.” He then took out a golden watch. “It’s the offering, they get it once the spell is complete. It’s not intricate enough to put them off, and gold is a favored item to the fae. We need to leave the watch in a fairy ring before we start.”
“John.”
you only avoided it because you’d only done it a bit as a kid, you developed not having to. A lot of Shifters who try ta live the way you’ve been end up shifting
Gigi explained that Shifters were mostly mammals, and never fish or insects or anything smaller than a jackrabbit. They could be extinct or endangered animals, if the species had been around in the past hundred years or so, but it happened about one in a thousand. And the Shifter to human ratio was about one in half a million, meaning there were about 14,000 Shifters on the planet.
“A point, Inspector?” Sherlock put the bones down and stood tall, looking down his nose at Lestrade.
“Yeah, I thought so.” She said, looking smug with a twitch of her nose. John eyed her but didn’t ask.
“Sherlock…” He had to grab the detective’s arm as he tried to sweep past him. “I thought you said it was safer for me to do it.”
“How you interact with people… if you really don’t respect them, you just play a facade. But with people like K, or those you hold some regard for like that homeless woman we spoke with… you tap into something to portray what you want to. I don’t think that’s something you’ve always been able to do. It’s more believable, sure, but it’s… well, it looks as if you’re wearing a costume that wasn’t made for you, like it doesn’t fit you quite right.” Bluebell tried to read him, but she’d found when she did she got less than if she was more casual. “If you’d been doing it all along, you’d be more adept at it.”
“Yeah, that takes a while to get used to. You might have proper hands still, but you don’t have the right vocal chords to speak. Too bad you’re not a parrot, hm?”
“Sherlock…” He blinked, speaking as if he hadn’t expected the detective to be there.
“Sold!” The auctioneer cried cheerfully, catching their attention finally. “For 750,000 pounds to patron 23.”
John read on about the woman twice taking a paddle to her stepson, a teenager from their client’s previous marriage, and the more disturbing part of this case which likely led it to them at all… that this woman had been seen, firsthand, by her husband… drinking the blood from the neck of their infant son.
“She’s not his niece, obviously.” Sherlock reemerged with an apple he seemed to have nicked from Mrs Hudson’s flat. “She’s on the run from her kidnappers, we can’t go to the police due to her circumstances, and she had no other family than a twin sister we have yet to locate.”
There was no way either of them knew it was taken.
“Oh, absolutely. I am sure he’s happier being entertained on his own level. I’ll have Stewart fetch him. The garden is lovely, he can run around if he likes.”
“They took Faas outside. They talked a lot.”
“This is your way of changing the subject.”
Once out and caught up (already a block and a half away, the git), John considered things as he walked alongside Sherlock. If he was that certain this early on, it was nearly always the case he’d uncovered something significant that, unless they followed it themselves, would be overlooked. “Where are we going?”
“It would take too long to explain.” He answered, continuing to spin.
Before he could tell up from down again, something cold and heavy was wrapped around his wrists and muzzle and legs, the clicking of locks warped and deafening to this raw form. He immediately tried to finish changing, which made stars burst in front of his eyes and his heart thump in his skull. He let out a sort of coarse whimper and tried to shed instead, with the same results.
#ChapterSixIsNowhereNearDone
“Slides.” Sherlock said simply as he set it up and fiddled with dials.
It became apparent very quickly that Strel preferred Sherlock, which irked both him and John. Needless to say, it was a very long day.
Sherlock scoffed, not looking up. Blythe had helped him figure out the password, but apparently there was quite a bit of code to go through in order to find the safe release. The one that wouldn’t result in death. “John? I wouldn’t think so, not with a WPM speed of about ten.”
“My dear, I do believe it’s about time you called me simply Antone. Do you not agree?” Sherlock replied, pulling her in a bit more as he led the dance.
Including the silver-haired woman who’d spoken with him, the others all had their backs turned and were on the far side near the bars, giving him space and what privacy they could afford. From what he could make out in the dank hold, there were six others; two small girls who were likely about seven years each who huddled together, a stocky man without a shirt on who was either bald or shaved his head, what looked like a very large fluffy cat on it’s side, and something a few stone larger than a man that was curled in the corner opposite the rest. All those in human form wore similar drab garb, and he was reminded of slave trade. He pawed the trousers closer.
Sherlock followed and stood in the bathroom doorway, leaning on the frame and crossing his arms. “You should sleep in my bed.”
Yeah this is one of five parts of this chapter. Woof. Next update sometime next week unless I get a rush of inspiration this weekend. Next act likely won't be quite this long but I dunno I can ever tell entirely.
Sherlock turned with a frown. “It is, John. It’s your world and I’m stuck on the fringes of it.”
So they left. And the woman’s entire demeanor changed from a sharp-tongued socialite to a weary woman closer in class to John himself. She also immediately took off her heels.
“Can’t figure that out for yourself?” John asked, turning to look out the window as if bored and unimpressed.
With his eyes closed, John missed the sincerity of Sherlock's replying expression. “Put your leg straight, best wrap it in the position you'll be using the next few hours.”
It is very gay.
Leaving John to his professional purview, Sherlock was already pulling out his clothes and getting dressed. “Your brother, hm? And where might he be?”
John quickly changed and crawled in for a few hours before whatever conflict of the morning started, and as he reached to click off the lamp, he saw a little saucer of cream on the sill. A light breeze flowed in past it. John smiled and turned off the lamp.
“Nope.”
“Walk.” A deep voice commanded. He wracked his brain but couldn’t place the familiar voice. “You’ll be on the block soon. If you make a fuss on stage, if you compromise this auction in any way, there will be no second chance. I will shoot you down. Do you understand?”
He turned to face her as he buttoned up. “Good. Less to be rid of.”
“Yeah, you did.” John concentrated on his task. “It’s unacceptable for you to have to consider things outside of the case while you’re working.”
John snorted, looking for a new type of snack on the tray as a very tired looking Katarine came out to join them.
She watched the Neighbors in the room closely, mostly familiars brought along with mages or alchemists, and took stock of what they seemed capable of. She had some skill identifying the types of Fae, but was still nowhere near what she’d like for a situation this tense. Sherlock wouldn’t be able to see them at all, and with his plans that was very dangerous. She hoped he could find John quickly…
“Should I bring in a cot?” She whispered, glowing as she looked at Strel’s sleeping face.
This time, Sherlock’s unexpected change in the middle of things was a boon. The amazing night vision made the whole process a great deal easier, and he was able to finish much earlier than he’d predicted. He’d even put to use his ash catalogue (who cares about 143 types of tobacco ash indeed).
I don't know where 'red pants' John came from, I just know it's a thing in our fandom. So I stuck it in there. It made me laugh, I dunno.
John thought, calming at the thought of a fight.
” Sherlock prodded, in his trademark ‘most obvious thing in existence’ style.
Peevish that he was being coddled, and that he knew he
Sherlock wasn’t really listening. He leaned forward and moved his head around, keeping the giant orbs on John’s face. It was so different from this perception, yet it remained comfortingly familiar. It was so much easier to determine changes to his vision when he had a control to refer to.
It was the first time Sherlock had seen that kind of self-loathing in John, and now he’d crossed the line and done exactly the thing he knew for a fact John wouldn’t abide. He shut his eyes, the scene so vivid as it had been playing since John had left London to fetch him.
"Yes, why is that? It seems like... foot-work."
Sherlock turned his head to look at him, narrowing his eyes.
“Not at all.” She took back a hand and put it out, and the butler stepped forward to place a small envelope there. She put it into Sherlock’s hand. “You will come, won’t you.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at that and an odd sensation he hadn’t felt before itched behind his navel and in the back of his esophagus. He tapped his fingers on his leg, thinking on the nickname, and turned back to the desk just before Faas returned with the slides.
That afternoon, which was preempted by a mutual feigned ignorance that left Baker Street rather quiet, brought in the calls of one DI Lestrade. He leapt up the stairs in a hurry that echoed into the silent flat, and took a second to catch his breath.
Sherlock gave John another half a minute of gawking before leaning back to get comfortable. “She has been my accomplice thus far. Since my regular one was abducted.”
will.”
Sherlock has taken on a normal case from Lestrade while he works on the Ritual. John comes along but can't leave the beach house. Bluebell gets uppity. Papa Lestrade is tired, but that's not news.
“Thanks, Faas.” John stood and brushed off his pants, moving over to the straw where he slept. “But I don’t think if I get out of here, the people in my life will heed your advice. I’m not even certain
Without another word, Sherlock huffed and got out. He looked over the building carefully before sweeping into the alley beside it. The front was still boarded up.
It only took a few minutes for Faas to return, Sherlock in tow, and John got to work.
Usually, John would pull his hands back in shock. Instead, he blinked and properly met Sherlock’s eyes with focus now. He flicked his tongue over his lips unconsciously. “Is this alright?” He asked, only audible in their close quarters.
Want to see a particular Shift in the story? Leave a suggestion in the comments!
“Really, playing possum? Mundane, even for you, brother mine.” A familiar sardonic drawl said beside and above him as he felt movement on the other side of the overturned vehicle. Sherlock opened his one working eye to a pair of ostentatious leather shoes and most of the accompanying trousers as Mycroft had crouched next to him.
Yes they are sleeping together now. Do they see it as a man and a dog? Does just one of them? Are they thinking about it that deeply?
him, and John needed Sherlock, and Sherlock wasn’t sure if he had the strength to do this all on his own without Greg’s sturdy chest behind him.
I drive myself damn near insane stewing over it. I know he can read what’s on my mind clear as day, but the thought of bringin’ it all up only to have him agree with me is scarier than just keepin’ my mouth shut.
Vraiment? C’est de ça dont tu veux parler? Il n’y a rien de plus important en ce moment? : Really? This is what you want to discuss? There isn't anything more important going on?
and looked down breathless at the sight of their hard, dripping cocks almost brushing up against each other in the thrumming space between their bodies, flushed and bobbing in the force of the spray. And John had watched with his breath in his throat as the water dripped down and soaked through the dark curls surrounding the base of Sherlock’s cock – the first one he’d even seen erect that wasn’t his. He’d felt the water dripping down from his eyelashes and gasped as Sherlock gripped his own erection in his shaking hand and stepped forward to trace the pulsing tip slowly up the length of John’s cock, panting into the hot steam of the shower and trembling with restraint.
Course attendants grab his arms like he’s a doll, leading him this way and that through the pulsing maze. Music blares. His eyes sting in the fierce cold of the stadium. Just as they reach the cleared central stage before the podium, John gives a quick nod to his fellow winners, then closes his eyes. Blocks out the noise with a whoosh. Touches the top of his back. Wishes, for just a moment, that he could disappear again. Be absorbed into the crowd. Trade places with Greg so Greg wouldn’t have to slink out the back doors of the Olympics like an intruder. Let John do what he does best instead: fade into the background.
But no, John suddenly realizes, so sharply he catches his breath. Greg is not gone. This man is anything but a stranger to him. John knows this man, has known him in the final moments of his life, has known him since the beginning. “
“Here,” he starts to whisper, seeming far too loud in the silence, as if his voice is still connected to a hidden microphone blaring to the crowd outside. “Take the sock here, get out all the air, and then you’ll—oh, Christ, you’ll need the—”
I’ve seen it before. It’s pity.
John raises his eyebrows in surprise. “You could tell what it is?”
“Actually, looks like she’s gone and invited you too,” I finally say, speaking over Sherlock puttin’ some fat strips of bacon on to fry.
Today is Saturday. The day I should feel thrilling and excited and alive. I should have been waiting inside pacing the halls since lunchtime – waiting for the moment when they call my name and tell me it’s my turn for Time. All day I should have been dreaming of how it feels to walk across sturdy ground. How it feels to run with the wind in my face and feel the earth underneath my smooth hands.
,” Sherlock hisses into Greg’s ear midway through the first photo. After the second photo, he whispers again, “You will die.”
The man’s voice, breathing hard: “A trail of blood, yes. No sighting yet on the patient, but I know he’s down this way. Lower me down deeper. Fifteen more metres.”
For some reason that simply fact fills me with warmth.
He closes his eyes, intending to quickly blink, but they stay closed, and another choking puff of cold air blasts against his face, and he thinks . . .
Scotty turns back from the edge of the cliff and gazes back at him over his shoulder. The air between them crackles, alighting into flame. John feels goosebumps rise over his skin.  His hairs stand on end as he gazes at the tattoo covering the muscles in Scotty’s back, dripping down the length of his spine towards his sculpted hips. He feels Scotty’s eyes over every inch of his revealed body as he stands there in his boxers. Feels the earth itching with anticipation beneath the soles of his feet.
Next (2) chapters: We finally check back in with our beloved Sherlock, and everyone's a bit tense on their final night before the madness begins with the Opening Ceremony . . .
Sherlock nods, eyes solemn. “I know.”
Sherlock laughs, a harsh, shallow breath. “Says you!” He feels his own arms flail out to the side like a dramatic idiot on a daytime soap opera. “You walk around this beach like you’ve got a noose around your neck and you’re five steps away from the gallows. We’re surfing, for God’s sake. It’s muscle and adrenaline and physics. It’s just a game. We’re not standing on the brink of World War three.”
John stares at him. Gone is the calm pillar of easy confidence which Greg had been for the last hour. He looks panicked now, his eyes huge and worried, and he’s asking for a phone, something John’s never seen him do on the day of a race.
The fury in John’s face lessens for just a moment. “No, I . . . Jesus, I thought he was training with you. I haven’t seen him since right after my race.”
The buzzing crowd around Greg widens. It grows and grows. One of the most decorated individual athletes in Winter Olympic history is standing in the middle of the Village, and everyone wants at least a glimpse. A handshake. A blurry photo of his silvery hair in the bright sun.
Then John smiles. It washes over his face in warmth, and Sherlock can feel his own cheeks responding. He feels as if he’s going to rise up into the air, bolstered by the power of the look on John’s face and the wind blowing steadily off the surface of the ocean. He wants to run down to the competition and laugh in everyone’s faces that the bravest man on earth just said he wanted him, right there for the entire sunrise-covered ocean to see. He dips his head and brushes his nose against John’s, breathing in the scent of his sleepy skin. John hums, then shakes his head and lets out a husky laugh, placing his hands on Sherlock’s chest and leaning slightly away.
, he tells himself.
Holmes looks carefully straight ahead. His fingers twitch on the mug.
Greg kisses him, and he holds on, and he burns at the heavy weight of John back in his arms, hot and solid and moaning between his legs, draping his body across him, gasping into his open mouth. And Greg can’t even remember the last time he was this hard, where the thrumming desire so easily burned in his limbs, crackling along his thighs. Where he just wanted to feel, to be held, to be covered in kisses and sweat and spit and pink rash from stubble. Where he wanted to lie back, hold tight to another warm body, and just breathe through the hot waves of toe-curling pleasure. Just hold on and close his eyes and groan.
Greg kisses his hair. “I know, love.”
He looks at me for almost a full minute. He blinks once.
He made his choices, Little W. And I made mine. And at the end of it all, I’d die again a thousand times over, I’d drive away from him again and again, if it means we get to keep
“Please, Gregory,” he whispers, unsure why his voice is so thin and rough, why the sight of Greg staring at the empty course fills him with the same nausea he gets whenever he thinks of the photo of black-speck-John. “Let us stay with you. Just tonight.”
This time, Greg definitely does laugh. “
John’s heart clenches when Sherlock immediately wraps his arms around him and draws him in. The tension melts - vanishing into the clear, floral air, carried away on the soft breeze ghosting over them from across the surface of the ocean down below.
I told you in my last letter that I had no regrets. But I’ve come to realize that I do have one—one brilliant one. I only met your Grandma one single time, did you know? Just the once. Was the first time I saw your granddaddy after five years of being apart, when we never thought we’d see each other ever again.
The way the heavens had opened up on me when I saw him standin’ alive again outside my lonely trailer.
Good God, is he saying all this out loud? Has he lost all reason? But Greg isn’t pulling away in embarrassment. No, he’s crushing Sherlock on top of him with the full strength of his arms, warm and covered in soft hair, kissed from the sun; with hands that gripped Gold-medal-winning poles, that caressed John’s leg. He’s rocking on Sherlock’s fingers, moaning into his ear. He’s letting Sherlock kiss him—the ugly parts, and the scared parts, and the infuriating parts, and the addict parts, and the recovered parts, and the parts that fell in love with John Watson half-way down a mountain, and the parts that would stop skiing if it made Greg’s life infinitesimally better—every part of Sherlock Holmes, being begged to kiss him.
“Turn over.”
If you think it's too damn unrealistic to have a skier move from dead last after a fall at the start and still win Gold, I will briefly tell you of Simen Hegstad Krueger. The Norwegian cross-country hopeful fell in the opening lap mass start of the Pyeongchang Skiathlon, broke his pole and had to wait for a replacement, then started skiing again a full 36 seconds behind the last skier in the pack. He fought his way back over the course of the long race to gain nearly a 20 SECOND LEAD -- skiing into Gold with his two countrymen bringing up a clean medals sweep behind him. I start to cry just thinking of the footage of his final lap. It may not have been the Paralympic Biathlon, but it still proved anything is possible.
He stops and waits for a good enough swell to come in, achingly aware of John’s eyes on his back, tracing the tendrils of his tattoo. He shuts off the voices in his head and looks out over the water, eyes scanning rapidly for signs of a good swell, following the drifts of the current and the tides, judging the depth and composition of the ocean floor beneath him.
“It wasn’t your fault,” I say quickly. Because how can I explain to him? That for the first time in decades I just felt alive? Truly
Voice-over, off-screen, one we recognize as the other head paramedic, Patrick: “It’s those first few moments when you are in the snow that are the most critical. If you hesitate, if you wait too long to stabilize the patient, to get them back in the helicopter, hypothermia can set in. Even with just a broken bone, it is a race against the clock. You are racing against death.”
Sherlock smirks and rolls his hips languidly, rubbing his heavy balls slowly up and down John’s erection, causing him to shut his eyes and moan.
Watson: “He said I was a naïve idiot, and that someone in a helicopter higher than the Matterhorn could read the emotions on my face if I was standing all the way back down on the ground.”
Suddenly I feel a laugh bubbling up from down in my chest. It’s absolutely ridiculous. Sherlock fucking Holmes comes barreling in from absolute nowhere and walks into my kitchen after five years of nothing and looks at my wife and congratulates her on her hair dye. I start to chuckle, starin’ out the window as the familiar road changes to unfamiliar, speeding towards the next town over and the one after that.
I'm sure it's probably considered lame to reference a real youtube video in a fic, but I feel like this John Watson would 1000% have stumbled on this nearly 15 year old video, watched it shamefully alone in the middle of the night wondering how in hell this 2 min animation has 44 million views, and then end up sobbing, because this cartoon is so cute but SO SAD. If you don't know what I'm talking about, and you want to cry for 15 minutes,
“This one’s broken,” he says unnecessarily out loud. He wants to kick himself.
Sherlock and John halt mid-word and whip their heads in his direction, looking a horrible combination of chastised and shocked. Greg’s shocked, too. In all their years together, all the spats and tiffs he’s had to calm down, he has never once yelled quite like that. Not even during a tough practice. Not even during a race. Never.
“He’s just having fun,” John says over the chorus of the crowd. He sets his feet apart in the sand and holds his ground as the surfers around him turn to stare.
He walks beside Greg up to the check in table and almost whoops for joy when he sees that it’s Molly behind the little foldup table. She greets them with a flip of her long brown ponytail and a deep eye roll.
And I can see the half-hidden limp body of Sherlock Holmes, lying in the dark and waiting for the end, breathing in the last ever breaths he’ll take on his own.
To his own surprise, Sherlock laughs. “Since when do you say nonsense just to make me feel better?”
They’re all tired. After the frenzy of press following Sherlock’s ceremony—where he enjoyed watching the obvious inner battle on every journalist’s face whether or not to bring up
Interviewer, gently: “He hinted that perhaps that wasn’t working for him anymore, when we spoke with him last. When we showed him the footage. And before that, he looked a bit . . .”
The familiar voice curls up my spine and tugs. I whip around to face him but he’s already leaving, long legs eating up the pavement down the street. I suck in a breath and jog to catch up. My hand doesn’t reach for my cane.
“I did wake you,” John says, and Greg swallows hard again, shuts his eyes in a wash of hot emotion when John’s voice adorably cracks on the second word. John drapes a heavy arm over his hip. “Woke you to say hello and you flung my hand away and said, ‘can’t a man get a bloody night of rest around here,
John feels a whine building in the back of his throat. His entire body is focused on the tight grip of Sherlock’s hand on his cock, which is hot and pulsing and thrusting into his fist. The roll of John’s hips rocks the surfboard and causes waves in the calm water, rippling out from the center point of John’s hips resting in the V of Sherlock’s thighs. The saltwater rushes gently past his penis in Sherlock’s hand, slicking the slow, deep slide of his palm on John’s skin and causing his pubic hairs to push and pull at his groin, leaving shivers.
Received:
Realization crashes down on John like a slap of icy water. He shutters and runs a hand over his face. “Shit, I didn’t think you remembered that.”
. . .
John swallows hard and opens his eyes. He’s not sure what expression is painted across his face, but whatever it is causes something in the back of Sherlock’s eyes to softly shatter.
I feel gutted. “That’s not what I’m saying, and you know —”
It’s all just overwhelming enough to make him wish he was walking up onto a deserted beach instead, just after dawn and a Los Angeles sunrise with only Greg by his side. John looks back once more towards the sea and sees Scotty pulling his aviators back down over his eyes and running his hands through his hair to smooth it down. John freezes. He swallows hard as a shiver of realization runs through his core, turning his joy into ice.
He has that unread text from James Sholto wishing him luck, letting John know that he’s going to watch the broadcast and hope for Gold.
-This was our last chapter featuring our beloved Sherlock's point of view! :( I'll miss him dearly. When I first started this fic is was all going to be John POV, and boy am I glad I decided to switch back and forth. Scotty, it's been a wild ride! Hang ten, buddy.
He licks his lips.
Finally John had shaken his head and held Sherlock’s cheek in his hand, trying to talk over his own trembling lips. “Yes,” he’d said wetly. And Sherlock’s face had crumpled as he pulled John into a deep and groaning kiss, thumbs brushing softly over the tears falling silently from the corners of John’s eyes, moaning “Thank god” into his mouth.
city. See him using his Dispatcher in the cold, dark fog and walking along his stretch of beach in the fresh, clean air of sunrise. I see him flying down the pier on his motorbike. Thick black curls in the wind.
They find it in the gust of icy wind blowing his snow pants close against his legs—
Suddenly Sherlock’s mouth is gone, cool air rushing against the spit trailed down along his ass. “You didn’t get up in the middle of the night to take a shit, did you?”
, Greg is his
How for those twenty minutes even the cells in his own body didn’t exist. There were no more mountains, no more molecules of oxygen, no more Sherlock, no more skis. It had only been Greg, and his soft, brown eyes, and his gentle hands, and his full lips whispering, “
The second to last gate now, and Sherlock whips around a corner so fast, so close to the ice, that John doesn’t think anyone in history has successfully done it—not like that, not in that form, only one ski clutching the ice his turn is so sharp.
Watson begins to whisper something as he looks above his head, but he stops suddenly before we can make out the word he was starting to say.
“Greg,” is all John says. It’s lost in the wind the moment it leaves his mouth.
Alma keeps standing there staring quietly into the room. She ain’t moved since I froze ten feet from her. I know she knows I’m there. The house is silent.
I try to take a step back to breathe, and instead I sink to my knees on shaking legs. “You don’t understand,” I say again weakly. The earth feels hard and harsh under my legs. Begging me to pound my fists down into it to feel pain.
It’s him. Well, of course it’s him. He isn’t to the point of seeing things, yet. But, it’s
, because you’d need someone limber enough to bottom while straddling in skis for the fantasy to be properly fulfilled, and your limb won’t bend that way, and your knee wouldn’t be able to sustain it, and neither of you even enjoy bottoming enough to put up with doing it in the freezing cold in the first pla—”
. . .
They sit in silence, the sounds of the Jeep still echoing across the oceanside mountains, mixing with the rising clouds of dust billowing out from the wheels. John wasn’t even this nervous when he stepped out of the camo dinghy into shin-deep water with a gun in his hands and a too-silent shoreline in front of him.
Sherlock looks up at him through his eyelashes. John’s eyes are pooled black. “Do you want this?” Sherlock whispers. His voice is husky and hoarse. It’s insane how badly he wants to put his mouth on John’s cock. Unbelievable how desperately he needs to feel the weight of him on his tongue, hot and heavy, and taste the evidence of his desire leaking thickly from the tip. Sherlock knows his face is flushed. He rests his cheek against the top of John’s thigh and waits.
run, so he can dip his own head to receive the Gold on that podium and call out to Greg across the grandstands, “
A pale hand slowly reaches up from the ground, moving around the marathon blanket. It is Holmes, lifting his fingers to touch the hollow of Watson’s throat. A flash of chain is visible, clinging to his collarbone through the open collar of his uniform.
Greg stops, his heart hammering. Sherlock pulls up beside him. They watch until the pinprick of John Watson’s body fades away into the whiteness. Gone.
Sherlock sniffs when Greg tosses the jacket over his shoulders, making him look vaguely like
But all John sees now as he looks down at the bullet casing is the brilliant smile that had swept across Sherlock’s face right at the moment John had emerged victorious from the Wild Card heat. Sees the color of Sherlock’s half-lidded eyes as he’d let his head fall back gently into the sand.
Cut to the bloodied hand reaching out from the depths of the ice, seen through the go-pro on Holmes’ helmet in the crevasse. The desperate moan.
I look down in the sunlight at the fresh, young skin of my hands. Take two steps forward on my legs.
Keith Hartman knew that John Watson’s mother’s name was Helen.
Sherlock finds himself content. He could let
Air Zermatt, I work for myself, as I have always done. Plenty of other companies near every major mountain range in the world have called me for my services, and I always find the lost person they are searching for. Always.”
perhaps. Or some bullshit about it giving me peace from the haunting memories of the War. Then my eyes catch sight of the tiny pin at the top of her pristine white collar. The white peace sign over the field of red – the symbol of the Protest.
Sent:
“Yes, Greg, the next time we all stand in this room you won’t be the only Olympic medalist, what an original thought.”
A Corporal Johnson. British Army. Veterans’ Liaison Officer. And Sherlock had dug through his entire online history, every one of his social media posts going all the way back to the man’s time in uni, until he finally found a Facebook post from almost six years ago to today, a link to the news article about the RAF pilot who miraculously survived a nighttime take down in the middle of the desert. The pilot who’d been on his way back into the firefight to save the last few men stranded in the compound outside Kandahar. Who radioed his squadron to stay the course when they came under attack, then flew away all alone from the rest of their planes in his slower helicopter to draw the fire away from his men. Who’d been found by the Grace of God next to his wreckage right at dawn, nearly two hours after the crash. Who was in the hospital clinging to life, and needed all of Great Britain’s hopes and prayers to somehow pull through.
It will be unequivocally worth it.
He sucks in a breath and nods. I stare at his face and barely blink as he licks his fingers and reaches down underneath his heavy prick. I watch his eyes almost flicker shut like a dying light as he enters himself. I keep my lips inches from his as he rocks on his own fingers. I’m drownin’ in the sight of him. This is Sherlock beneath me. Sherlock’s breath and Sherlock’s eyes and Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock’s dick.
There’s a sliver of moon, clear as a silver fingernail in the sky. A handful of dim stars fight valiantly against the light pollution from Pyeongchang, and from nearby Gangneung by the sea. The Village is completely empty where it sits at the top of the hill—not even a handful of lights still on in the scantily occupied rooms. It’s as if the Olympics never even happened. If Sherlock wanted to, he could convincingly pretend that he doesn’t have to race tomorrow, that his Finals are over. Everything else is finished, isn’t it? The Paralympic Closing Ceremonies ended to half-enthusiastic applause, all dining halls but one are closed, the ice stadiums are locked, the temporary grandstands packed away, the signs and flags taken down.
I want to shield him from everything over these next five months. To reach up into the night sky and pull down a blanket of black velvet and stars, drape it over the both of us so that we can hide in the warm summer night breeze of each other and our love. Nobody else to see us or hear our whispers to each other or breathe our same air or see the absolutely beautiful miracle that is the two little girls growing in Sherlock’s belly.
But I might regret it when I’m floating across the plains as a ghost after I die, so I’ll clarify it for you now. I’ll put it down in writing once and for all, for the civilizations and the aliens all to know:
Greg reaches out for his cheek, lost for words, still hearing the echoing smack of Sherlock’s skis against the orange fencing on an endless loop in his mind. “J . . .” he whispers.
Next up: John surfs in Day 2 of the Billabong Pipeline Masters! After waking up next to Sherlock, of course.
When I drop her off two days later she sits in the truck with me after I cut the engine for a long while. I watch out the corner of my eye as the breeze drifts through her long straight hair and blows it cross her neck. I can hear Francine and Alma laughing together inside the house, and I wonder whether Junior ever joins in with them.
But then the reverse of that statement would be broadcast to the crowd. That Sherlock Holmes, who’s calmly waving to the fans after his time is announced, basking in the cheers and the cameras and the lights . . . that
Slowly, far too slowly, the camera starts to track once more through the ranks as the earliest group nears the final few curves of the winding course. They view twentieth, fifteenth, tenth, ninth and eighth. They spend a few seconds on the tight-knit group all jostling for fifth through seventh.
Mais reste ici : but wait here
and it's pretty damn close to what I've been imagining, starting at the back of his left shoulder and going diagonally down across his back. I'm well aware this would be a more unusual tattoo for the time, just given the evolution of popular tattoo art styles, so that's definitely part of why Sherlock gets flack over it from the other surfers. Now that John knows the meaning behind it, I think he definitely appreciates even more that Sherlock doesn't choose to hide it from people like John does with his scar, even though people just add the tattoo to the list of things they find 'off' about Scotty Holmes. Honestly, though, feel free to imagine the tattoo however you want! :)
Sherlock wants to immediately open his mouth and ask why no one is incessantly demanding that John walk in the parade for
We’re alone.
John looks down at his hand, and he sees the ghost of James’ fingertips touching his that one night in the sand. Their last handshake goodbye from John’s hospital room.
“I’m his fucking coach!”
” Was one measly Paralympic record enough to turn him into a smarmy, selfish arsehole? Already bored of the accolades, what little there were?
Sherlock hugs him tighter and presses his face into the side of John’s neck.
Scotty does that irritating shrug again. “Been called worse.”
Would he?
John dips his head. “Whatever magic overtook me will be gone by tomorrow, don’t worry.” Then he looks up at a loud whistle—sees the rest of the skiers all piled into the shuttle, waiting.
Sherlock curses, eyes desperate and wild. John looks up at him and blinks hard. Sherlock looks undone. Curls wild, spit still dripping from his chin, lips bright pink and swollen with beads of sweat dripping slowly down his chest and over his nipples, illuminated by the sunlight pouring through the windows off the surface of the ocean.
“Or you trying to talk strategy with me as if we haven’t already gone over it two-thousand times.”
“I know this because I am somewhat of an expert on
I hop up in my truck and peel out the gravel lot before my body can start to protest. I feel sick something awful. I make it a few miles down the two lane road before the pain in my gut gets so bad I know I’m gonna be sick. I tell myself I must’ve eaten something rotten on the way down, but a secret part of me knows that all I had since waking up was a cup of black coffee and a can of peaches that had a good ‘nother five years on it before it went bad.
” And John had suddenly remembered standing shoulder to shoulder with Greg Lestrade thirteen years before, back when Greg still spoke with his parents, and when his own goggles reflected the blinding snow just like Sherlock’s did, and when his voice would slip back into French every fourth word.
“I don’t think anyone’s ever asked me before,” he says back, voice low and muffled by the blanket. He takes another deep breath in, arching up into the pressure of John’s hands, then goes on.
John doesn’t look like he had to watch Sherlock fall down on his neck on an Olympic slope. Doesn’t look like Sherlock has disappointed him or let him down, over and over. Doesn’t look like he’s under any stress to keep his whole life a secret. Or to win.
And then a stream of competition names and times and placements pours out of Greg’s mouth in an even rhythm—Sherlock’s championship titles from the last four years, his new skis, his PR’s, that slope in Germany that gave him a run for his money when he skied-out three times, the training base in France, the cross-country cardio routine.
I shuffle roughly onto the bed, feeling the thick mattress sag under my weight. I let my cane fall away against the smooth, white wall.
“Obviously I would prefer that they stay to hear whatever it is you’re about to say, in light of whatever notions you’ve concocted since you walked in without giving a knock.”
John runs his fingernails up Sherlock’s thighs, then reaches under to grab his balls in his hand, feeling them hot and tight up against his groin. Sherlock’s penis is swollen and leaking from the tip, shaking from the force of Sherlock’s huge hand flying over it where it juts out proudly just above John’s stomach. John reaches his other hand forward and brushes a finger just across the slit, collecting the drip of precome leaking there, then brings his finger to his mouth and sucks, licking it clean.
Interviewer: “What can we say? You have a fascinating past.”
He looks up at us and blinks, then rises to his feet. He adjusts the fingers of one of his gloves with his teeth.
They don’t have time for that argument again today, and, more than that, Sherlock bloody well knows John doesn’t deserve it.
We hear a distant scream, a single word we can’t quite make out.
of Sherlock and John's first time surfing together from waaaaaay back in chapter 7!
I pulled away pretty embarrassed, wiping my face on my sleeve. Greg immediately asked for the ultrasound photos, which I keep a copy of tucked away in my wallet and had never before taken out, even to look at myself. He held the glossy paper so delicately in his calloused hands for a long time. “Sherlock made this,” he whispered. “He made these two beautiful little girls.” I tried not to choke up again as I barely got out “yeah, yeah he did.”
NBC-International to book them for this interview today, and Greg was the one who agreed, and yet . . .
John startles out of his zen and looks up from his board with a frown. “Believe who?”
Greg gives John another hesitant glance before dropping it and turning to Sherlock. “Well, first of all, we all have the rooms in separate buildings, so—”
Sherlock barely remembers to nod.
“Kidnapped?” Greg prompts, heading off a potentially awkward silence.
Right?
Greg can feel eyes on them from another table, the slight burn of curious glances, but he very carefully keeps his gaze on John.
“Yeah, well – figured you’d have nothing to do today if you didn’t have me yelling at you for something, so I thought I’d save Los Angeles from the carnage you’d wreak on it if you were bored.”
It looks wrong to watch Holmes not leap into action, not dash out of the room. He stands too-frozen against the counter, taking an overly calm sip of tea.
The kiss is perfect. Warm. Overflowing with honeyed joy and soft velvet comfort and home. John feels the last remaining tendrils of fear from his nightmare wisp away gently from his body. Feels the line of his shoulders soften, and a bit of the churning anxiety deep in his gut slow to a calm. Sherlock pulls back after one final press of his lips to John’s mouth and heaves a great sigh, thumping back onto the pillow with his curls fanned out around his head and staring up at John with a bleary-eyed smile.
Greg closes his mouth. But another person in the crowd yells anyway, “That guy who fell is trying to get back in! ”
“Stay the fuck away from me,” he growls. “I’m telling you now, Holmes. I don’t fucking care about whatever grand plans you have to humiliate me. Whatever shit you pulled in the water today, I fucking earned my place here. I
Sherlock hums. “My mother was the queen of calling out other people on their shit. I just didn’t realize at the time she only ever did it when she was hammered.”
and not in over a week.
I blink, trying to keep up, and then I understand. And I want to sink heavily to my knees and hold him close.
John moans, and Sherlock’s hands still.
Note: I've taken some pretty big liberties here with the way this competition would have actually been run in 1976. Please forgive me of my sins. Tons of surfing notes and explanations at the end, along with a good video reference link. Enjoy!
Suddenly rough hands are grabbing his shoulders, throwing him back from John.
Dom gives him an odd look, and gestures with his head. Holmes looks down and realizes the zipper, then quickly tugs it back up.
She jumps at his voice, and turns to face him like she’d forgotten she wasn’t alone on the beach. Her deep brown eyes are wide with fear.
I nod, “ok,” and his eyes are like stars. “Union Hospital,” he says in a rush.
“He . . . he can’t come back,” Sherlock whispers, shaking his head like he’s in shock, still staring at the dent in the snow where John fell. “There’s no possible way he can come back, even if he shoots a perfect race, and everyone else blanks every shot. Even if he PR’s by two minutes eighteen, he can’t—”
Because he hadn’t known. He hadn’t known that John didn’t know. And yet . . . hadn’t he?
The stewardess leans her elbow against the empty seat in front of him and relaxes the slope of her shoulders.
“Fucking right she is. Sometimes I get confused out here wondering whether something’s you or a clump of old seaweed.”
him. That someone is actually searching for his eyes in a crowd because they want to see that he’s there.
“I don’t need to,” John says, quietly. “Because he
“Ok,” he finally chokes out, and Greg smiles and winks before nodding back to the crowd. “Time to get back and stretch so you don’t break a hip old man,” he says. “And also the stubble on your face looks like shit.”
They both whip their eyes back to the course. John and the rest of the front line push off to lead the explosive charge down the straightaway, barreling toward the uphill turn two-hundred metres away.
The moment he
Two-hundredths of a second ahead. Three-hundredths ahead. Brilliant green.
There’s a clink of metal again. Silver rolling across a lapping tongue.
, not a reminder that John once held his femur in his hands, cradling it to his chest, dripping with hot blood.
Cut to a photo from the wedding day plastered across the screen:
And it will be the three of them. Yes, they are gay. Yes, they sleep together. Yes, in the same bed. Yes, they are still athletes and competitors and individual men. Yes, you can be both. Yes, this is forever.
and his toes are squirming in his shoes. He destroys Rice Mountain, then sets down his fork on the table with a dramatic flourish. “All I’m saying is,” he says in a careful, even voice, “it is an irrational waste of time to spend an entire day at the stadium two days before my prelims just to walk in a gaudy parade to terrible music for
He shivers. “I hate that I feel the fool for wantin’ things to be different. For the – for this all to be a place where she could . . . where Wilma could know. Where she could just . . grow up and know. No big deal about it.”
John asked.
John follows behind after one last glance out at the water, watching the last tendrils of the purple sun wind their way down into the black and blue deep.
Watson, by chance, is looking straight at the camera.
“I was going to say ‘of course I came,’” John says, just loud enough for Greg to hear. “But I realize you had every right to wonder.” He puts his own hands on the railing. Is it his imagination that Greg’s hand twitches, as if to move closer? John wants to turn into him, to bury his face in Greg’s neck, breathe him in, hold on as tight as he can.
-The basic format of the competition is correct: judges score every wave a rider catches, and the top 3 scores are the ones that count. Waves are scored out of 10. Surfers can catch as many waves as they want in the time limit, and can only have one surfer per wave. That's sort of just up to the surfers to compete for the waves - you definitely don't take turns. That's part of the strategy, as Sherlock explains.
“Shhh . . .”
Il est là : He is here
Text: One month after filming concluded, John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were married in Simplon Pass, five hundred metres from the old crevasse site.
John silently acknowledges the hundreds of baristas and flight attendants and retail workers who have had to hear all about Shane Williams from Team USA.
Alma stares at him, mouth fixin’ to catch a fly it’s open in such a perfect little “oh.” I want to crawl out the second story window and jump.
“You ain’t married?”
After a pause, the door through the phone opens again, and Sherlock hears footsteps, background conversations echoing in a hallway. “
The sound of his voice washes over me and takes my breath away. I thought it was lost to me forever, trapped in the clouds up on Baker where I could never hear it again.
still a man, always a man,
Christ, but everyone would be able to see. And he’s wearing his full snow pants over his leg today, plus his snow boot fitted over his prosthetic foot, and so inevitably one of the Olympics organizers would approach him and explain that, “
,” he whispers.
John feels his own face flush bright red. He clears his throat and shifts his position a bit sitting across Sherlock’s hips. “Right. Go on.”
John gently splashes a handful of water at him, chest still aching. “Go on, can’t be worse than any of the shit I just said.”
I stop every couple hours to get out and stretch my shoulder. My mind always imagines it can hear the skin tearing open when I move it round in slow circles. I hear the army hospital doctors in my head, with their quick New York accents and un-calloused hands gripping at my chest and thigh as if their touch alone could heal me.
John hurls himself back to his feet in a way Greg’s never seen him do before, no longer keeping any weight off his prosthetic, and the crowd gapes. He swings his gun over his back, picks up his poles, and starts skiing like mad toward the first uphill curve leading back to the course.
“How does it feel? Your journey from near-death five years ago, to now—moments before your Olympics debut?”
John blinks hard and swallows over a dry throat, feeling like a wrung-out sponge. “I know,” he whispers. The moment turns thick and heavy, settling between the three of them with a thud. Molly looks over John’s shoulder towards Sherlock and forces a smile, speaking lightly into the thick fog of emotion.
“This place is a zoo,” Sherlock mumbles under his breath, crossing his arms and scrunching his nose. A noisemaker goes off behind them to congratulate the Norwegian who just won first in Sitting Class.
Listen to "Always Like This" by Bombay Bicycle Club
And so, in the end, it all really does come down to this.
doing in a sorry place like this? Now?”
He raises his hands briefly and flings them, wordlessly, as if that can somehow casually encapsulate the fact that he almost died trapped beneath the ice not ten days ago.
I’m gay. (a subtle nod of acknowledgement, a touch of confusion over the dramatics)
I hear a truck door slam shut, and footsteps crunch forward slowly in the dirt, and then silence. Minutes pass. I start to feel the hair on my neck stand up feelin’ like someone’s outside watching me. Finally I shake my head and push up off the chair and move to the door. A tiny voice in the back of my dark and twisted mind tells my body to get ready to duck from the tire iron swing.
“Yes I—I hope so . . .”
Face down in the snow, dragged across the ice, hurdling down the side of the course on his belly until he slams once into the gates with his ankles and ribs before continuing his deadly slide.
Greg carefully frowns. “You sprinted?”
“I’ve kept your sorry ass alive for two fucking years – you owe me at least a hundred grand at this point,” Greg smirks.
” they hear, coming closer now, and the sounds of stomping boots crunching through the fresh snow.
I shake my head, taking in a deep breath of the air, filling my lungs with the sea. I hold up my hand slowly, like he’ll bolt if I move too fast. “I couldn’t –” I step closer. “I couldn’t fade away without trying to find you,” I say. “I needed to tell you I’m sorry.”
He grows a little thinner every year. I grow a little thicker. He never really tells me exactly what he does for a living now that he quit rodeo-in’ all those years back, just tells me what interstate he had to take to get to Wyoming. Seems like it’s ranch hand work, same as me, but Lord knows why he moves cities every time I seen him, or why he ain’t just taken himself to a big city and set up his life there, putting all that learning to good use ‘stead of branding cattle or rounding up horses. I never really ask. He never asks me neither, but he can read it on my skin all the same.
Greg’s voice is wet. “
Tu es toi même.  :  You are yourself / your own person. You overcame that.
She stammers. “I don’t – I don’t think –”
Sherlock’s warm palms on his shoulders briefly pull John back from their kiss, just as John is starting to roll wet pants of hot air across Sherlock’s tongue. Sherlock closes his eyes, scrunching his nose, and John knows that look so well it fills him all over again with hot emotion—that he of all people on earth could be allowed to know someone so intimately, as if Sherlock’s mind was sewn straight into his own muscles. As if Sherlock’s right leg was connected straight through to his own, not letting him fall.
Everything stops. I grab his shoulders, wanting to crumple up and scream. I glare into his soft eyes and let him see the ugliness staining my skin.
Interviewer: “It’s remarkable to see this. Even to see the two of you here like this – in your home.”
“I’ll try to think of your monetary interests next time I’m met with complete incompetence,” Sherlock murmurs. Then, “Hand me my phone.”
“Works out in the oil fields,” she says. I can hear the pride in her voice. I grin over at her from the corner of my mouth.
taken one look and said “oh, John,” and sat back from my body with hesitant eyes until I pulled my shirt back on, ashamed.
Sam, to Watson: “Get him away from the edge, yeah? I’ll handle getting them back up with the patient. You make sure he’s alright.”
Greg sucks in a breath, and John’s stomach drops at the pain in the noise. The empathy threatens to choke him. “You should have called us, J. If you couldn’t sleep. One of us would have come to—”
“Mr. Holmes – actually it feels odd to call him that. Do you mind if I call him Sherlock?”
We all settle by the window. I wait.
The love affair began with salt.
“I stood up for you.” John says, his voice still terrifyingly weak, wet and calm. “You let me insist that it was a lie, again and again.”
Chris speaks softly beside them, his voice just barely carrying over the sound of the swirling wind and crashing waves below. Sherlock shoots John a quick look, eyes nervous with the barest hint of a smile at the corner of his mouth, and John squeezes his hand in return, trying to breathe. Trying to stay rooted in the ground instead of flying clear up into the clouds.
“I know you were just doing CPR on him.”
John’s nose twitches. Sherlock barely restrains himself from kissing it.
John sighs into his mouth, tracing Greg’s lips with his tongue as soft moans drip across his deep breaths. John pulls back from him after pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth, then idly rubs Greg’s nipple with his thumb as he looks over at Sherlock.
“Right. Other Wild Card they’ll throw in there – Peter Fu. From Maui. He’s the exact opposite of Hamilton. Attacks every wave whether it’s a clear open barrel or not. He’s wicked good at skirting on the foam – so he’ll take a wave he knows is gonna collapse and he’ll ride the barrel as long as he can before just hopping out and grinding along the foam in front. Then he does some fancy show-off leap at the end to finish the ride. He’s nineteen. Paddles like hell the entire set. He’ll take every wave he can get his hands on, which sort of takes care of Hamilton for you, but Fu will rack up enough medium level scores on waves that if you don’t get your three good waves in he’ll end up winning based on sheer quantity alone. Plus he’s got a bit of home turf advantage, if you believe in that sort of shit. Got it?”
“John. I’ll be right here.”
Sherlock frowns, trying to figure out what meeting he forgot about, what pointless, stupid, unnecessary Olympics ceremony is about to take place which he’d completely blocked out, but then he takes in the nervous line of Greg’s shoulders, the depth in his eyes, and he realizes . . .
“Are you thinking about it?”
C'est un prix international : it's an international prize / award
Sherlock squats so deeply it looks like his lower back scrapes the ice as he rounds the sixth gate, his forearms slapping the flag, his thighs shaking with the effort of holding him steady, his skis barely touching the snow.
I cradled him on the floor for hours, feeling the pained wails tearing themselves from his throat piercing through my chest, turning my insides to hot nails. He didn’t deserve that, not in a thousand years. Didn’t deserve to have his identity torn away from him in a blinding, mute fury by two small, faint, sickeningly unclear pink lines. I caught his tears with my thumbs as best as I could, and carded my fingers through his hair, and held him close against me, and felt the full weight of his sorrow seep its way slowly, slowly out of his body and onto mine. And I wondered what the hell we were going to do.
possessed, and he only just kissed him for the first time yesterday goddamn morning.
Finally Sherlock reaches up to hold John’s face once more, thumb resting at the corner of his mouth. “You have another early day tomorrow. Should get some sleep.”
“Let me kiss you,” Sherlock says.
“Jesus, that’s really fucking bold coming from the man who got caught with his tongue down a rent boy’s throat in a fucking bathroom,” he grits out.
John decides to play aloof. If he doesn’t he’ll go and sink right down into the sand, small and forgotten.
“Mr. Holmes, we’re thirty seconds out,” he says.
John feels the anger from yesterday morning settle once more over his chest. “Well what else am I supposed to do? I can’t just . . . drop everything and move there.”
“Far out, Molls. I owe you one.” He kisses her cheek and takes the heat number in his hands before following Greg back over to their boards.
“Waimea Bay’s holding a big wave surf contest the week after Billabong. One that I fully intend to win. I’d be an idiot to waste all my strength trying to get a prize I’ve already won twice.”
He can’t even finish the words, and Sherlock nods, moving his hand up briefly to cup John’s cheek. “I know,” he says low. “And I’m telling you that would never happen. Never. You’re stuck watching my sorry ass now whether you like it or not,” he tries to joke.
Suddenly, without warning, the stubble is gone from his hip, and his aching cock is enveloped in tight, wet heat. John groans against his penis, sending vibrations through his throbbing skin, and Sherlock cries out against John’s cock. John’s erection is swollen and heavy on his tongue, leaking and hot, and John’s cheek is rasping against his inner thigh, and John’s lips are sucking down the length of his erection and groaning like he can’t get enough of the taste. Sherlock clings to his body, face buried in his groin, John’s penis hot and throbbing in his mouth, and thinks that he could do this forever.
“I was the one nervous,” Greg is murmuring into John’s skin, into his cheek and his jaw and his neck and his wet nipple. “You were
me. Instead I wait patiently. Hands folded.
He gets halfway through his ramboing text to Greg when he stops. He looks up once at the sky, takes a breath, then deletes the whole thing. He shoves his phone back in his pocket, text-unsent, followed by his hands.
That “his Olympics” would mean nothing if he wasn’t sharing it with the men standing before him—every minute.
Now he has a professional status to prove, and a fucking semifinals heat to somehow not absolutely embarrass himself in, and a gorgeous man to somehow convince to still want him when he inevitably loses, and a plane ticket sitting in a long-abandoned hotel room back by the Honolulu airport that he needs to viciously force himself to forget about for the next twenty-four hours.
Every second that passes feels empty without him. Like there’s nobody left in the World who knows my name. Like the emptiness stretches out vastly around me, and there’s nothing left that anyone could offer me again.
He quietly slips off his side of the bed and walks around to John. His practiced fingers undo his snowpants for the second time that evening, and he pulls them down while briefly lifting John’s hips. John’s eyes flutter open, just for a moment, when Sherlock’s fingers open the pressure valve on the prosthetic so he can slip off John’s leg.
,” he whispers. “I asked of them, but . . .”
“They’re calculating the Factored Time!” calls one of the other coaches—decked out in Team USA gear.
Enjoy!
Holmes, softly: “And then that specific soldier literally ran inside, with someone else’s IV bag of medicine in his hands, and asked if I was finally awake.”
