Finally alone, Steve couldn’t take his eyes off Tony.
“You’re really bad at lying babe. So what aren’t you telling me?” Tony asked, his eyebrow quirking up.
“It’s the festive season Tony. We need to get in the holiday spirit.”
“Hey, you. I was wondering when you were coming up. Did you teach the punching bag a lesson?” Tony teased.
“Jesus Christ. I’m going, I’m going” said Tony as he set down a prototype of the Widow bite he had been tinkering with and marched to the elevators.
“Yeah, he texted me to ask me to keep an eye on you but he didn't give me any details,” Tony replied gently.
“Certainly Sir.”
“Steve, you didn’t wake up for 2 days. What did you expect? We're a family. This is just a part of the deal. Maybe it's the first time you’re realising this deal goes both ways huh?” she added, observing Steve with her shrewd green eyes.
“Rhodey are you still listening?” Tony asked.
He couldn’t think about the pain now. Tony just needed to get here fast enough to get her to safety. Then it would be over and he could allow himself the luxury of passing out. He kept up a litany of nonsense words for Ava as the pain started to get worse. He knew that his suit had been pierced by the debris and he was pretty sure the warmth he could feel near his head was blood.
“Please Tony. We have to help spread holiday cheer. Look I even got it in your favourite colours.”
The fight. With everything that had happened since, he’d almost forgotten about the fight. Shit he’d missed their whole anniversary. There were a lot of things that Steve regretted missing over the years. But this one stung.
“You what?” Tony asked, unable to make sense of what he had just heard.
“Oh it’s you, Steve.” she smiled tiredly in recognition. She looked exhausted, dark circles rimming her eyes and her posture slumped on the stool.
“You mean aside from everything you’ve done since you came back that just screams something’s wrong? One look at your face tells me there’s something wrong even if you’re trying to hide it.”
“If Rhodey asks we have to tell him I asked you out first,” Tony had said.
A SHIELD nurse came in then to check up on Steve. It was a middle-aged woman whose kind smile instantly reminded him of his mom and his chest ached at the thought. Some wounds would never heal completely. And that was okay. She asked Steve how he was feeling and if he could remember why he was here and a few other basic details. She noted down Steve’s vitals and left, assuring them that a neurologist would be by for a complete checkup soon.
When he had spent as much time under the shower as he could before he knew Tony would come in, he towelled off and put on a pair of pyjama pants and his favourite sleep shirt. The shirt was white, with a cute robot drawing and Robots > Humans written underneath. It was well worn and repeated washes had made it threadbare and it even had a hole in it. Tony pretended to hate it and had multiple half-hearted threats to throw it away, but Steve knew he’d never go through with them, especially after Steve had told Tony that the shirt reminded Steve of him.
“Pepper. Pep. Pep. Breathe. I didn’t forget. I’m on my way as we speak.”
Steve could see the defensiveness in Tony’s posture. Any good humour had completely vanished. He knew he should stop. It was just a gift. He needed to just say thank you and deal with his own feelings. Why was that such a hard thing to do? Other people loved gifts Tony had said. The spike of hurt on hearing that had been unexpected. A reminder of how Steve wasn’t like ‘other’ people. People who received expensive gifts from their boyfriend and didn’t have a breakdown over it in the kitchen. Other people who didn’t make a big deal out of things. That’s what people had told him his whole life. Hell that’s probably how people would have described him- Steve Rogers - guy who makes a big deal out of things. Who just can’t shut up and let things go. Steve had thought it was a good thing. Today it didn’t feel good. But he didn’t know how to stop.
“So you buying those brushes for me just triggered something in me. All I could think of was how much food I could buy with the 300 dollars you’d spent on every brush. And then I felt guilty for even thinking that way. Here you were, buying something nice for me while I was just-” he cut himself off. He felt drained and empty after all that. But strangely light too. Like a weight he hadn’t even known he was carrying had been lifted.
“You’re the guy who woke up 70 years into the future in a completely new world and survived. You once told me that you weren't living when you met me but Steve you were surviving. And I’m so damn proud of you for that. And that’s the thing that I’ve always admired about you. Your resilience. Dad always admired you for what you did as Captain America. But I admire you for being the guy who got beat up by bullies who were so much bigger than him but never stayed down. You always got back up Steve. You always tried. Every day you get out of bed even when you’re not feeling the best, when it's hard and you try. That’s pretty damn brave Steve,” Tony said. He paused as though contemplating how best to word what he wanted to say next.
“You never said anything. You never did anyth- I mean we never even
“Ok but look Tony it has a robot on the front. It’ll look so cute. Please? Just for a couple of hours?” Steve wheedled as he widened his disconcertingly blue eyes pleadingly. And honestly how could anyone say no to that face?
“Will you sing to me?” Steve asked. He absolutely loved listening to Tony sing. Tony, however, hated how he sounded when he sang and refused to even hum in public. It had been a few months into their relationship when Steve had heard Tony sing in the shower and Steve had considered it a huge sign of trust.
“Shh, whatever it is, it's going to be fine, okay Steve? It's all going to be just fine,” he soothed as he rubbed Steve’s arms in order to stop the shivering. Steve knew that Tony knew the shivers were psychosomatic given the temperature controlled room, but the gesture still made warmth bloom in his heart.
“Sir, Captain Rogers has enquired whether you would like to accompany him to his visit to the children’s hospital today.”
Tony woke up to the sun shining on his face.
“Hey hey, it’s okay” Steve said as he caught her flailing arms and squeezed her hands gently. “Shh you’re fine. They won’t take you from here until you can tell me what you want to say okay? Just breathe. I’m right here” he soothed as he took deep breaths to encourage her to match his breathing.
They had repeated the ritual a couple of times until one day Tony had kissed Steve on the cheek while saying goodnight  and Steve had been left stunned. He couldn’t deny that he had been developing feelings for Tony but this was definitely new and unchartered territory. He hadn’t been able to sleep that night, wondering if it was even possible that someone like Tony could have feelings for him. Tony was suave and charming and so damn smart. And Steve was just...Steve - awkward and inexperienced and always trying too hard. But Steve was nothing if not brave. The first thing he’d done the next morning was to go to the kitchen on the common floor to confront Tony.
Steve closed his eyes as he waited, already knowing which song Tony would sing. It was an Italian lullaby Maria had sung for him when he was baby. No matter how much Tony pretended to hate singing, he always sang this song for Steve when he woke up from nightmares.
“You talk to Sam?” Steve asked, surprised.
“Hey, hey, hey! Baby, what’s wrong?” he heard Tony ask as the lights in the room turned on.
“It’s the holidays. Business days start back up in January,” Steve said as they broke apart, smiling giddily at each other.
“I know I’m not great at talking about how I feel but Tony, you’re the best thing that has ever happened to me. You know how people view Captain American as someone who always knows what to do ?” Steve asked.
“Figures I’d find you here, building something.”
Tony looked up after a while, startled to see Steve standing next to them, a sleeping toddler held in his arms.
“It was just a t-shirt Tony. It was nothing special.” Steve replied.
“That does sound familiar Sir.”
“What, you don’t believe me? I have a genius brain, a suit of armour and a Hulk. I mean even one of them is amazing, but all 3 together? That’s a lethal combination right there, Steven,” he said as he snuggled up to Steve.
“Wow, you’ve gotten really demanding in your thirties, Steve. What do you want to listen to?” Tony asked.
“Well the eyes are more of a Steve Rogers speciality,” Steve chuckled.
“Thanks for narrowing it down to approximately every song ever written,” Tony said and Steve could hear the eye-roll.
“It’s just - why me?”
“Well shit,” he muttered as he fell face down on the bed, fully clothed and drifted off to sleep.
“You’re deliberately misunderstanding me Tony. That’s not what I meant at all,” Steve replied, feeling more and more like the situation was spinning out of control but with no idea what to say to stop it.
“Wait, hold on. He wants me to go with him?”
“It’s Ava. She’s in the apartment on the second floor. First door to the right.”
Steve cleared his throat. He needed to tell Tony how much he meant to Steve. He wasn’t always the best at expressing emotions but for Tony he could try. For Tony, he could do anything.
“I guess I could be persuaded to wait till then,” Tony said and Steve chuckled.
“Yes. I’d love to. But on one condition.”
“I almost had a full blown panic attack in the cafe I met Sam in toda-  well yesterday now” Steve confessed after a minute of silence. He felt Tony lightly squeeze his hand in support . “People were setting off some early fireworks and the noise - it just, for a second I was back there. It felt so real. I could almost smell the blood. Oh God, it was so embarrassing. It took me some time to come back to myself. I probably really scared Sam.”
“Just walked around our old neighbourhood. I’ve been going there a lot these past couple of weeks ...Saw the spot where our old apartment building used to be,” Steve continued. “I think it just keeps pulling me back because of how it makes me feel.”
Steve smiled shyly at Tony’s words. ”You’re so cheesy Tony,” he teased.
“How are you always so warm?” Steve asked, looking at the gentle brown eyes looking at him with such gentleness and understanding.
“There’s no time left Tony. I have to go in.” Steve said as he leapt up the stairs. He could hear Tony arguing but he wasn’t paying attention anymore. He knew what he had to do. Tony would make the same call. In their line of business, civilians always came first.
“Tony, it was just a 20$ t-shirt.” Steve added, embarrassed.
He couldn’t hear the rest of Tony’s reply as his attention was caught by some commotion happening near the ambulances. He jogged over there to check what was happening and saw the woman who had passed out had woken up and was trying to get out of her restraints and was screaming hysterically. The paramedics were trying to restrain her but she was thrashing wildly trying to get out of the ambulance.
Dear Natasha,
“You always say one more but go ahead.”
“I won’t let you drown, you know that. I’m going to be right here to keep you up.” Steve pushed off from the wood and went under for only a moment before coming back up and settling his hands on Tony’s ankles. “I’ve got you.”
“The couch is a pullout. Figured if you didn’t want to share a bed I could sleep out here.” Steve said it so nonchalantly just so he could make sure Tony knew he wasn’t expecting anything. He hadn’t really been thinking of sex in general, just some nice clean cuddling. Maybe a little kissing and touching hands, but he still was a gentleman of an older time.
“Oo, secluded cabin in the woods huh? I venture you’re either about to murder or seduce me.” It was a tease, Steve knew it was, that’s just how Tony worked. Yet it still had that blush creeping up past his shirt once more.
“No, you told me you were running errands and I also had errands to run. It only made sense to go together. I wasn’t aware that coming here had been included in those errands you needed to do.” Steve had specifically said go shopping, not take care of demon spawn and the Wilson’s private indoor garden. Seriously, why were there so many plants? Was it Bucky’s doing or Sam’s? He never thought the Winter Solider would be one with a  green thumb but clearly they were doing something right.
“Such a good stud for me.” Tony cooed, pressing in further so he could feel more of Steve’s length. “You’re going to breed me up good, aren’t you?” Steve wasn’t a wild animal but talking to him like this looked like it was about to trigger something within him.
“You…have?” He didn’t exactly remember…any invitations. He would have had Tony invited him, but he wanted to call the other out because he most certainly hadn’t.
“And the other parts?” Tony took to rubbing his hands up and down Steve’s chest, taking in how muscular his upper torso changed during the shift. Another set of soft gills had formed under his arms and while Tony desperately wanted to touch them, he kept his hands away for now.
Steve both hated and loved the 14th of February. On one hand, it was a great day for Rogers Floral, a small flower shop his mother had started before he was born and a store he now ran with his best friend. It was the one day a year they could always count on bringing in top margins and when he was a child, it meant them being able to afford an actual full course meal the next day. On the other hand, it also meant without fail that Steve would always be working that day. So, while he was a deep romantic at heart, it was hard to do anything when you were stuck selling flowers to other love sick customers on the most romantic day of the year.
“Tony, we both know you will never truly be retired, and I don’t fault you for that. If Sam called me saying they needed me in blue and white, you know I’d be there.” Steve’s large hand came up to press against his cheek, slowly guiding him to look up.
In the matter of a year his tower had grown from just him and some robots to overfilling with people. Steve seemed to collect friends like trading cards and somehow, they always ended up homeless and needing a place to stay. But who could blame them? Tony was not immune to Steve’s charm or the way the old man knew exactly how to get him to blush.
“Not yet, there’s only an hour left if you can wait.” Steve paused as he looked over at the handsome man for a moment, both admiring the view and seeing what he was doing. “You know, you could enjoy the scenery outside instead of staring at your phone.” This caused the billionaire to look up and give him a knowing smirk. “I’m not just saying that because I’m old. Seriously, this area is known for being beautiful in the fall.” Steve motioned towards the line of trees bracketing the highway they drove on. It truly was very pretty and the main reason Steve had picked this area.
-Love, Papa
-Love, Papa
“For giving me a chance all those years ago. For making me believe that this was worth having even when I said I would mess it all up.” Steve watched that sadness he knew all too closely well up in Tony’s eyes and he was quick to reach out and catch any tears that fell with his thumb.
“Out or I’m docking your pay.” Bucky’s laughter could be heard even as the door closed, and Steve was left alone. Steve just took the seat Bucky had previously been sitting in and shook his head. By the time eight hit, Steve had only helped three customers, answered half a dozen anxious texts form Bucky, and completed three cross word puzzles. He was just about ready to call it an early night when a man walked in, dressed in a three-piece black suit. His hair was styled but not slicked back while his goatee was practically drawn on with how perfect it looked. To say he was attractive was an understatement, but given the date and the products Steve sold, he didn’t bother letting the thoughts go any further than that. It was rare single people made it into their shop so there was no point in getting interested.
“Fine, fine. But if that greasy place gives me chest pains, that’s on you.” They both laughed it out and within the hour found themselves asleep in each other’s arms.
“Yes, she is. Last time we spent the night here she tried killing me in my sleep. She’s just planning her revenge.” Tony eyed her cautiously as he side stepped around his husband and the evil creature just to put distance between them.
“Have to. Mate.” Tony felt Steve’s mouth open and those dangerously sharp teeth were pressing ever so lightly against his skin.
“Fine you-” Tony couldn’t finish his sentence as Steve bit down. Pain exploded throughout his body and had a curse flying out his mouth. Didn’t hurt was complete bullshit! “Motherfuck-” and then that bulge was pressing past his rim, expanding and pressing so fucking heavily against his prostate that Tony couldn’t think straight. A moan ripped through both of them as hot cum shot off inside him and the feeling of his belly extending against his fingers just the slightest had Tony squeezing down against it. Just as suddenly as the pain came, it was gone and replaced by a warmth over his entire body. Tony was strangely hyper aware of the seed spilling inside him and the teeth still lodged in his skin but he felt incredibly. His whole body felt like it was experiencing the best orgasm life could give him yet remotely he knew his cock was still hard and aching in his trunks. Was he feeling Steve’s?
Two months! Two months till you’re here and by the rate you’re growing it might even be sooner! The doctors are going to monitor you and your Oma very closely. We had your baby shower this past weekend, it’ll be a miracle if we ever need to buy you any more diapers. Auntie Pepper brought you an entire closet worth of clothes as well. I’m currently washing all of them and getting ready to hang the clean ones up. They’re just so tiny that it makes my heart hurt knowing you’re going to be this tiny too.
“Probably should tell him no if he tries.”
“Yes, Steve. I want to be your boyfriend. I kind of already thought we were since you told that reporter you were seeing someone.” Steve’s eyes went wide as he thought back to the reporter he had said that too.
“No, I’m supposed to be retired. We both are and so far you’re the only one actually sticking to that.” Tony looked down to avoid Steve’s face but staring at his naked torso seemed to do other things to him.
“Hey, Tony.” The man hummed in response as well. “I like you too.”
“Steve I told you, I’ll be up in an hour.” Tony moved from the holograms dancing above the middle desk back to his computer. He hadn’t even looked up when he heard the door opening, knowing it was Steve merely from the way he sighed.
Minutes felt like hours before Steve finally unlatched his mouth and licked over the wounds. Tony had his eyes skewed shut so he couldn’t tell if there was blood in the water or not but he felt no pain so that’s all that matter. Steve’s member finally stopped twitching but the bulge hadn’t gone down any, keeping them locked together for the foreseeable future. Tony’s mouth felt dry and his body felt overly exhausted but also strangely hyper aware of the feeling of water surrounding them. There was no fear though, no panic came when a splash hit his face which should be strange, but Tony couldn’t find the memories on why he was scared of it in the first place. Water suddenly felt safe and like home.
“Gorgeous.” Tony found himself muttering, taking in Steve’s face so close up. When Steve smiled Tony felt that same sense of arousal rush down his body. Instead of blunt human teeth there sat a dangerous row of sharp daggers meant for hunting and killing. Why it turned him on so much he didn’t know. Steve could easily kill him with one quick bite, yet Tony knew those teeth or claws prickling at his back, would never hurt him. “I love you.” Steve’s smile only grew.
“Can’t help it. Look at her.” Tony’s face showed how exhausted he was, yet he still moved to the crib and looked down at their sleeping daughter.
-Love, Papa
At least he could live through Bucky who always seemed to have someone in his life. For a while there it really felt like he was never going to settle down, always coming in every few weeks with new heartache or love. It kept work time interesting at least, especially on the slower days, and then he came in practically with hearts in his eyes and that had been it.
“How about you text me and we can figure out a day I can take you out to dinner for helping me. Maybe afterwards we can grab some beers upstairs.” Tony gave him one last wink before he slid his glasses back on and grabbed both vase’s. Steve had enough sense to say goodbye and wish him and his friend the best before flopping down on the stool.
“If I didn’t have a heartbroken best friend to get to tonight, I’d take you up on that.” He was conflicted on if he was happy and sad because Tony agreed to go upstairs but could also be using his friend as a way to get out of it. Either way though, he hadn’t explicitly refused Steve so there was that.
“But I did.” Steve twisted the cap off but didn’t bring it to his lips just yet.
Sarah
“And I was away from the ocean for five whole days.” Steve reminded him which yes that was true. It wasn’t Tony’s fault Pepper decided to have her wedding in New York City instead of on the island. “You know I love seeing your friends, but it’s a lot for me to leave for that long. The least you could do is just swim with me.”
Dear Natasha,
“I know that feeling all too well. But he’ll be here in the morning. Friday is always watching him and if something happens again, we’ll know right away.” It did help knowing his AI was always there, especially after the first and only kidnapping that had happened two years prior. “Let’s get to bed, sweetheart.”
“For what? I’ve done nothing, Tony.” Tony sat down in the rocker, settled in the corner of the room so he could keep tabs on everything. Steve sat on the stool next to them and watched Natasha’s little hands curl into fists in Tony’s sleeve.
“You’re Tony Stark.” Steve blabbed out, completely ignoring the man’s floral request. The moment Tony looked at him he felt his stomach drop.
“Tony….fuck. Tony.” Tony felt Steve rub his forehead against the bite but once more there was no pain. Just warmth. “I’m sorry. We should have talked about this before you got in. I knew this might happen…thought I could control it. I’m so sorry.”
Dear little one,
“They both look good; I’ll take them both. Do you guys take card?” He was already reaching for his wallet when Steve reached out to grab his wrist. The surprise look Tony gave him made Steve release it immediately and bring his hand back sheepishly.
“Fine. I’ll forgive you, but you’re telling me next time you’re horny and want to fuck. I’ll buy us some land with a private beach and build us a fucking area or something.” A laugh erupted from Steve’s throat and soon enough Tony couldn’t keep a straight face ether. Whatever he had gotten himself into surely wasn’t going away anytime soon. Might as well just go for the ride and enjoy the memories.
“Not going to happen. You promised me if I went to that wedding with you, you would swim with me.” Tony recalled the deal that had been made but he was hoping that the fun they had at the wedding, and afterwards, would make Steve forget about Tony’s half of the deal. Clearly the man had not.
“Fuck. Tony, please. I need to be in you. Please.” Steve was always a service top, taking more pleasure in taking Tony apart then his own needs so it was a good change of pace to see him so desperate for it.
“Oo, Rogers. We both know you aren’t capable of cold blooded murder. So are you admitting to planning this whole weekend just to seduce me?” Tony let go of his hand once the car was turned off but didn’t move from his seat. He just sat there, smirking like the sly silver fox he was with both eyes on Steve. “I bet there’s only one bed, isn’t there?” Steve gave a wink, leaving Tony hanging, as he got out of the truck and went around to grab both of their bags from the back. Tony was laughing as he followed him to the door, not bothering to help with the bags knowing how much Steve liked showing off his strength.  As soon as the door was unlocked Tony was in and searching around.
Though to be fair, running the shop meant he didn’t have a lot of free time to begin with so even if he had ever managed to date someone long enough for the day to be an issue, the lack of free time would have already solved that issue. So far his longest, romantic, relationship had been with Peggy just shy of 4 months. According to Facebook though, she was long married and moved back to England.
“Fine, we can talk about it afterwards. This isn’t going to somehow make me pregnant or turn me into a fish, is it?”
“Sam does lots with my hair, don’t be jealous.” Bucky teased causing Steve to point to the door.
“I do though.” He got another one of those on brand ‘I’m not mad, just disappointed’ sighs.
“More, Tony. Please.” Tony added in a second finger, marveling at just how well Steve’s body took the stretch. He almost wondered if he could go straight to his fist but didn’t want to chance it this time. Curiously he bent both fingers and pressed up, feeling something hard and pointed at the tip. Steve’s hips rolled up almost bucking Tony off, but the man’s hands gripped his waist tight enough for Tony to know he wouldn’t fall off. Feeling confident, he added a third and started moving them in and out. All the while pressing up against what felt like some form of cock inside. It definitely wasn’t human shaped or textured, but it still generally felt like what he would imagine a sea creatures member to feel like. Steve was mumbling something in a tongue he didn’t understand but it was clear this felt good.
“Oceans gift to give, not mine.” He managed out, though it was a strain. Should Tony be worried about how out of it Steve seemed when said man was the only thing keeping him alive right now? Probably. Was he? Not really. The concern of why his body was starting to feel so hot was at the forefront of his brain, even more so when he pulled his fingers out and felt a deep emptiness fill him. But he was also about to let a large sea creature fuck him and ‘mate’ him so really what was his life. If he died, at least he died doing something he loved.
“Guess we both needed something new in our lives, huh?” Tony didn’t stop himself from leaning in and capturing Steve’s lips. It was harder to kiss this form with such dangerous teeth laying wait, but Tony wanted it. Talk of them being intimate while Steve was like this had never come up, but Tony had dreamed about it. He wasn’t even sure what Steve was packing down there right now so those dreams could be skewed from what reality really held in store for them.
“Probably will.” Bucky flashed him a smile and Steve couldn’t help but laugh. They both knew Bucky would never say no, he loved Sam more then he’d ever admit.
“That was Uncle Bucky’s fault not Daddies!” Tony had only left for fifteen minutes and yet in that amount of time Steve and Bucky had managed to not only lose an entire bag of pieces, but also break several bricks in half trying to make them fit together when they clearly didn’t go together. He thought he would have been safe with Sam watching over them, but the other had just laughed and said it was too funny to stop them.
“You can’t prove that. Why are we the ones watching her after all? Bucky knows how much we don’t get along.” Steve gave him a pointed look but thankfully carried her along in his arm while he finished watering the way too many plants that covered the small two-bedroom apartment.
Being a father was possibly the most terrifying thing Tony Stark had ever imagined. He could handle the fighting, kidnapping, multiple end of the world events, but taking care of a tiny human? No man knew a greater fear and that fear had kept him from ever perusing it. Tony had been content with his halls always being empty and only the low sound of robots keeping up space in his lab. They were all the company he needed, except for Rhodey and Pepper of course. There would always be a room set up for his best friends but the man was away more than around and Pepper had a business to run so it didn’t change how empty Tony’s home was.
-Love, Oma
“Steve..” he questioned, scrunching his eyebrows when that thought crossed his mind. “What?”
“Well, I’ll be damned. Usually, men need at least three shots in before they even have the balls to hit on me and since you’re still on the clock I would assume you’re as sober as they come.” Steve may have arched his back just a bit to puff out his chest as Tony’s eyes scanned him up and down. The uniform wasn’t exactly flattering especially with the apron, but clearly Tony saw something he liked since he didn’t flat out shoot him down.
“Papa no!” He jumped out of his seat and ran around so he could climb into his papa’s lap. Tony easily made room and wrapped an arm around his waist so he wouldn’t fall off. Peter’s tiny hands grabbed onto his shirt too for extra security and it had Tony’s heart hurting from how adorable it was. “I love my Lego nights wit you. My fwiend Ned is jealous we have so many.”
“Blowjobs are out of the question given the water and your teeth. Same goes with handjobs.” There was really only one thing left they could do, but even that was up in the air given their location. “I would say fucking is really the only thing we can do, if you have a dick that is, but I don’t have any lube.” Tony wasn’t sure the reaction he expected but to have Steve’s eyes roll back at the mere mention of fucking certainly made him feel good about himself.
“And the other parts? Why aren’t I afraid anymore? Why is your cock swollen inside me? Why don’t I feel any pain? Why could I feel your orgasm if that is what I felt?” A million more questions exploded inside his head but the one that stood out the most is what tumbled from his lips last. “What does it mean to be your mate?”  Steve turned his head slightly and pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s palm.
“Or we could check out the porch out back!” He stepped back to put space between them which had Tony’s puzzled expression coming back. Steve needed to get what he wanted out first before they did anything physical. He needed to know what Tony’s intentions here were because he couldn’t go through being just a friends with benefits thing when the feelings he held for him were this strong.
“Tonyyyy,” Steve finally pulled his head back up with a little laugh. “I’m sorry, it was too hard to explain. When I’m in that form, it feels good and all but it’s not…it’s like if you had three socks on your dick and tried jerking off. It feels okay but it’s not going to make you come. The only times I’ve been able to actually get off in that form is if I edge myself like this first and then immediately get in bed with you.” Tony just sat there in complete shock. He thought they had a wonderful, fulfilling sex life and now. Now!
“No. Steve, we didn’t talk about this. No bite.” Tony found himself panting as he spoke, that bulge hitting his hole and giving him a taste of a stretch before retreating with every thrust. He wasn’t scared of the bite itself as much as he was Steve accidently ripping through muscle or damaging nerves. He needed his left arm for work.
“Steve, I-”
I sat in your room today, testing out your rocker. I can’t wait for you to be here. The room feels so empty without you but it still…feels right. I can’t describe the feeling I have for you and for sitting in this room. I brought a sketchbook in here earlier and just drew whatever I was feeling. I wonder if you’ll draw too? Or maybe you’ll be more technical like your Oma? You don’t have to be either though. You could be a dancer or just like video games and we would still love and support you. I’m going to try and get your Oma to write a letter again, he said he might be willing to try so don’t laugh at him, okay?
“I’m going to shift now, okay?” Tony nodded but didn’t say anything. One of the reasons he had agreed to this deal was because it meant he could see Steve’s true form up close. Even after almost a year of being together, he had only ever seen it a handful of times due to his fear of the ocean and Steve’s inability to shift in anything but the ocean water. They had tried filling Tony’s bathtub with ocean water which had taken several hours but it was a no go. Steve said it had to do with the heart of the ocean giving him his form, not just the water itself.
“I might.” Steve turned at the door and smiled to the young couple who walked in.
Tony dropped heavily into the chair as he read over the words again. His heart felt like it was in his gut by the third read through. Yesterday had been their anniversary. Why hadn’t Jarvis reminded him? Fuck. Maybe he had and Tony had just been too busy with himself and his stupid invention to even realize it. That’s why Steve had been so disappointed with him. And what made it worse is he knew Steve wouldn’t be angry, he was too good to be angry even when Tony felt like the worse person in the world.
“So you gonna tell me where we’re going big man?” Tony leaned back in the passenger seat of Steve’s truck, not taking his eyes off the phone in front of him even as he spoke.
“Come on Tony, just slide in.” Tony looked down at the water and just shook his head, very much enjoying his spot safe on the dock.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so? It doesn’t seem very…Sam to do it in a restaurant.” It wasn’t. He was going to do it in the park this coming spring, but Steve liked seeing Bucky try and guess.
“After you said no.” Steve whined, trying to hide his face again but was blocked when Tony grabbed a hold of his cheeks.
“Yeah? What does that mean then?” He pressed a second finger in and was surprised when there was no sting or pain. Strange enough his rim felt almost numb while his insides were starting to feel tingly.
“I know, but that doesn’t change the fact they’re already paid for. I’m just happy they’ll go to someone who’ll like them.” Tony stared him down for a moment before opening his wallet and taking a white card from it. Without pause he grabbed a pen from the cashier cup and wrote something on the back before handing it to Steve. There in neat writing was 9 digits that would have sent younger him into a panic attack.
“I know. She’s got your nose, you know.” Steve set the notepad aside and took his spot next to his mate. Their tiny little pup just laid there in her cute grey onesie. He couldn’t stop from counting the moments between each of her breaths.
-Love, Papa
“Steve, please. One more hour and then you’ll have my undivided attention.” Tony pulled a holo screen up from the side of the table to adjust some levels. Steve had stopped moving but stayed silent and Tony almost looked up and insist he leave when he heard another sigh.
Bucky huffed as he sat down on the small stool behind the register. “What makes you think he planned everything?” Steve arched his brow in response which had Bucky crossing his arms. “I can be romantic every once in a while…”
“Got any plans for tonight?” Steve asked as he restocked the single roses near the front of the tiny store. Bucky leaned against the counter, a smile tugging at his lips which meant yes, he did in fact have plans.
“You are aware I’m rich, correct?” Steve scratched the back of his head with a laugh.
“There is a solution to that if you would be open to it.” Steve looked almost shy bringing it up which had Tony even more interested in what he could be talking about.
“I love you too, Tony. I’m so glad I found you.” Steve’s grip on his waist tightened and Tony took the chance to wrap his legs around the man’s waist, or rather where his waist would have been. He could feel the smooth transition of skin to scale and suddenly wanted to know what it would feel like against his fully bare skin.
“But, he’s taking me to dinner. Won’t tell me where but told me to wear something nice.” There was a light blush on his cheeks and Steve knew if he brought attention to it Bucky would deny it, so he kept his mouth shut for now.
“Are you okay? What’s going on?” He had never seen Steve so desperate, even after Tony had edged him for hours on land, Steve had merely smiled and asked for more. It drove Tony a little mad how content Steve was just to be Tony’s plaything sometimes. The difference between then and now after only barely touching him was insane.
“Don’t worry about it, I’m going to head to bed. I’ll see you in the morning.”
-Love, Papa
“Right, flowers. Sorry, we don’t get a lot of…people like you in here. Just caught me off guard.” Steve licked his lips as Tony moved closer to the counter, even going so far as leaning against it.
“I’m really bad at this, like the butt of many of Bucky’s jokes bad.” Steve groaned when Tony’s face broke into a laugh.
Dear Little One,
“I forgot our anniversary and blew you off all day. Even if I can’t stop tinkering normally, I should have for you.”
-Love, Papa
“Harder to explain.” Steve’s left hand traveled up Tony’s leg, halting when he got to the edge of his trunks. “We’re linked now. If I experience pain, you will as well to some degree, but the same goes for pleasure or sadness.” Linked. That part, did not make sense in Tony’s scientific brain but neither did the possibility of having a merman for a… husband technically?
“You act like Pep’s weeding was a chore. You had a wonderful time and got to see me give a speech.” Steve folded his arms on the wood next to where Tony sat and just looked up at him. His bright blonde hair was slicked back from the seawater, reminding Tony of when he had first met Steve. It was strange to think back to last Summer how they had gone from new neighbors to lovers in a matter of two months. When Tony bought the small get away cottage on the island he hadn’t expected to talk to anyone. He just wanted his alone time, away from cameras and people alike. He had threatened to buy an entire island, but Pepper wanted him somewhere close to people incase he had another heart attack. For some reason she wasn’t ready to lose him just yet.
“Hey, shh. I enjoyed it okay? I’ve loved every part being with you. I told you I liked pleasing you and that was true. Even if I didn’t get off most times, I still very much loved bringing you pleasure.” Tony frowned a little but he could tell Steve wasn’t lying so he merely poked his chest and gave him a firm glare.
“Nope, gotta tell me big guy. Need to know what I’m getting into when I put that fish bone in me.” Obviously something was happening because nothing changed in the stretch when he pushed the third finger inside.  The warmth though in his belly was exploding and making his whole lower half feel warm and tingly.
“I’m sure he would come sit with us if you asked but your Daddy’s not that good with building Legos. You remember what happened with the spaceship don’t you?” Peters little laugh rang out and it had a smile pulling at Tony’s lips as well.
“What would you like?” Tony licked his lips, knowing now what Steve was asking.
You’re going to be a girl! Of course, when you’re older you can decide if that’s what you identify as but for right now, you’re going to be our little girl. Your Oma and I have been going back and forth with names, so I’ll list a few. Hopefully you’ll like the ones we didn’t pick;
“Okay, give me a minute big guy. Lemme just readjust.” Slinging one arm over Steve’s shoulder, Tony carefully pulled his legs up and settled his knees on the flat plans of Steve’s underbelly. The merman’s hands were instantly around the back of his thighs, holding him in place for extra stability. “Don’t let me go under. I’m trusting you.” Arching his back, Tony slipped the hand coated in Steve’s fluids between his legs. The back of his shorts were cleanly ripped down the center seam which made this easier even if it also meant a very embarrassing walk back home. “Talk to me, Steve.”
“Alright, just… I don’t know what this is between us and I’ve been a little afraid to ask because maybe it wasn’t what I thought it was, but I have developed feelings for you Tony. Feelings that I’ve not really dealt with since the 40’s and I don’t know the proper way to go about it at all in this century. Back then it was all secrets and hidden words, but I want to date you. Like officially, call you my boyfriend type of date you not just going out to eat and sharing a kiss in the darkness type. I don’t want to ruin whatever this is, but I don’t want to lead you on if we’re not on the same page here.” Tony’s smile didn’t slip once from his face and that fact alone both caused him to panic a little more but also feel confident in what he was saying. God why had he sounded so smooth when he practiced with Bucky but so frantic with Tony. Something about Tony’s brown eyes just had his palms sweating and his brain misfiring.
“That would be my name, yes.” That little playful smirk and the way he tapped his sunglasses to his cheek had Steve’s face heating up. “We can talk more about that after I figure out this flower crisis though. My best friend was just dumped today of all days.” He had to be talking about Pepper Potts, Steve wasn’t above reading gossip blogs, but he couldn’t just say her name because that would put him in the obsessed fan category which he wasn’t.
Dear Natasha,
“I’ll make it up to you tomorrow! Sleep tight, cap.” Tony turned back to the computer when an error message came up, cursing under his breath. He barely heard Steve’s retreating steps or the sound of the door closing with more force then necessary. It was close to three in the morning when the pieces finally came together and a success screen popped up. “There we go. I told him I could finish it.” He flopped back in his chair with an exhausted huff.
Dear Little One,
“Going off the point you made, we were in the area. Just relax, I’ll be done in a bit and then we can go. Since you’re not doing anything though, would you mind filling her food bowl up?” Tony squinted at the direction Steve had gone, probably in one of the bedrooms, before getting up and going to said kitchen. He hadn’t been to the apartment since Sam moved in and already it was almost sickening how domestic the two were. Not that him and Steve were any better, but these two had matching things everywhere. At least Steve and Tony’s matching cups had been gag gifts. These cups looked deliberately picked out and organized. Even Alpine’s bowls looked hand painted and Tony could already picture the two of them sitting at the kitchen table doing crafts together. Weird how relationships changed people, but it was better Bucky had him then not. Tony cared for Steve’s best friend but after having the man live with them for six months he was more than happy to pawn him off on Sam.
“Alright. I’ll let you get a pass on that. We can talk about that more later, just…one more question.” A teasing glint showed in Steve’s eyes as he looked up at Tony.
“I am aware, Jarvis relayed your message.” He heard the larger man start walking closer and part of his shoulders prickled with each step. It wasn’t that he minded his husband being in the lab, there was specifically a couch near the wall exactly for him to be in there, but Tony didn’t need a distraction right now. He was so incredibly close to fixing the power failures his new rescue suits were having. If he could just get another hour or two of uninterrupted work then he could give Steve all the time he wanted. “Tony, that message was from four hours ago.” And there goes that disappointed Captain America voice.
“Move.” He whispered, keeping his voice low so Steve wouldn’t hear him from the other room but at the sudden movement she stood up and let out a loud meow. “Shit, no. Shush.” Almost to make him suffer more, she moved closer and weaved her way between his legs. Just to spite him a loud purring sound could also be heard and Tony felt his palms go cold.
Steve closed his eyes and relaxed his shoulders. Suddenly the water around them started glowing and the first changes of the shift started to take form. Tony had never seen it this up close before and had he been on stable ground, he would have reached out to touch Steve’s cheeks where several light blue scales were morphing into place over his lovers’ pale skin. Steve’s normally cute round ears grew points and lengthened an inch or two while his neck grew ridges that Tony knew were his delicate gills. Tony could feel the shift happening down below but couldn’t see without letting go so decided today wouldn’t be the day he saw that. The feeling of smooth legs merging together and the soft underbelly scales pressing against his knees made that curiosity spike but Tony wasn’t a fool. If he looked down he would panic so he kept his eyes trained on Steve’s face. When Steve opened his eyes minutes later, Tony felt a spike of awe and arousal run down him. The merman’s eyes were still just as blue as the sky, but they seemed to shift like the waves around them, while his pupils were nothing more then slits with the sun beating down on them.
The rest of the hour-long drive was spent ether in silence or Tony going off about something he was working on. Ether way Steve was content. He may not always understand the technical things Tony talked about, but he loved hearing the man go off into tangents about things he was passionate about. And to give him credit, Tony never once went for his phone even when it rang.
Steve was excited, both to be going on a vacation for once and also to get out of the city for a while. While he enjoyed both the New York City tower and up state New York location, he was ready to get out of New York and see something new. So when Tony told him he had a free weekend come up, it was the perfect time to put his plan in motion and get out of the city. They had been flirting off and on for a few months now, had even branched the territory of going on a few dinner dates and sharing a kiss here and there but everything was still up in the air with what they were. Which caused Steve more anxiety that he cared to admit.
“Think he’ll pop the question?” Steve loved watching Bucky’s face get even redder at that. He already knew the answer of course, Sam had called him a few weeks ago asking for permission since Bucky’s father had since passed. It touched Steve knowing Bucky had a good man in his life. They had been dating for over two years now and while Steve missed all the old stories, he was just happy knowing his best friend was happy.
“That was a yes, by the way. I don’t exactly have an interest in leading the pride parade next year, but I could be convinced if you wore some tight boy shorts with a rainbow shield.” Oh god. Tony was teasing him and it was everything perfect in the world.
8 months till we get to meet you.
“Papa?” Tony was drawn back from the memory when he heard Peter’s little voice from across the table. A large pile of Lego’s were organized in piles with the start of the millennium falcon between them.
“Great. You just had to come back. Couldn’t stay with Uncle Steve could you?” Tony slowly put the water bowl down and snatched his hand away when she swatted at it. Thin little lines appeared on his skin where claws had caught but thankfully didn’t go deep enough to draw blood. “You’re a real asshole you know. I just fed you!” She looked down at the food and back at him and let out another loud meow. “What?! There’s food right there!” Her tail swatted the ground as she turned to face him, officially backing Tony up against the small island. Another big MEOW came from her tiny throat. “Steve! She’s trying to kill me again!” Tony grabbed a knife off the counter at the same moment that she jumped up and started walking towards him.
“I know. Just…hard to take my eyes off him sometimes.” Tony’s eyes softened when he felt Steve’s lips press against his temple.
Tony coughed out the little bit of water that had gotten in his mouth while he wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck to make sure he didn’t go under again. Once his coughing fit subsided, he finally opened his eyes only to be met with the most beautiful pair of blues staring back at him with a smile that had his chest tighten.
Your Oma is 16 weeks now, we have another appointment in two weeks. There we’ll find out if you’re a boy or girl. It doesn’t matter ether way to us but I know your Oma wants to wait until then to pick out a name and to start decorating your nursery. He’s already cleaned the room out and started wiring cameras and sensors to make sure you’re safe. Your Oma’s officially retired as of last week, but I still have a few months left. Your Uncle Sam will be taking over as Captain America then, he’s currently training with me now to be prepared. We haven’t told him or your Uncle Bucky yet. We’re planning on doing a little announcement party for them once we decide on a name for you.
“Steve, are you crying?” Steve looked up from the notepad in his lap and smiled, seeing his love standing there in nothing but a robe.
Dear Natasha,
The world had a funny way of telling him he was wrong when Sam and Steve brought home a tiny wailing baby. His parents dead and no known living relative left to take him in. Steve had told the case worker they would take care of him until someone was found. Although he had said it was his duty because he had been the one to fail saving the child’s parents, Tony knew it was because Steve was drawn to children. Where Tony only held fear, Steve held love and hope.
“Not fish.” Came Steve’s strained response. His teeth grazed Tony’s skin again forcing a moan from his throat. “Mate is person. You’re my person. Want to mate you.” Oh, well this was new. He meant like…animal mates.
That had lasted only a day before he went back to their bedroom. Steve hadn’t said anything, only offered to show Tony how to feed him.
“Fine, no cats.” Steve smirked against his lips but did eventually pull away when the fuzzy devil jumped back on the counter. “You really should give Alpine a chance though. She is my goddaughter after all.” Tony squinted as the creature walked closer.
“Congratulations Sir. Would you like to hear the backlog of messages and reminders from yesterday?” Tony gave it thought for only a moment before shaking his head.
-Love, Papa
“Just like you.” He quipped back, expecting a laugh and not being disappointed.
“I’m sure. Go get a shower and actually do something with that hair of yours.” Steve wasn’t sure what stirred Bucky to grow it out when the man barely did anything with it. Almost daily it was thrown up in a messy bun with some sort of flower steam sticking out.
Dear Peanut,
“Jarvis..” Tony walked over to the card where his name was cursively spelled out. Not wasting a moment, he turned it over and pulled out the handmade card. On the front was a simple sketch of his robot children from downstairs but it was the inside that sent a dagger through his heart.
“Now where is your food, demon.” Tony checked a few of the cabinets before finally finding the bag of all natural, dehydrated raw kibble. Of course they would feed her some fancy stuff. That’s why she had the craving for flesh. He dumped a cup of food in her dish and refilled the water. When he went to set said water back down, there she was. Staring up at him and sitting by her food dish but not touching it.
“You sure? I don’t think the reservations are until eight. I don’t mind staying the whole shift.” Steve waved him off.
It’s almost time. Aunt Pepper is over currently walking around with your Oma trying to get things moved along. The doctor said it could be any day now. I keep imagining you’re here already and it surprises me when I see the crib empty. Your Uncle Bucky and I went out to your grandparents grave today and told them about you. They would have loved you if they were still around. I think I hear your Oma yelling at Dummy so that’s the end of this letter. I love you my little peanut.
So many things have happened since your last letter! First off, we decided on Natasha as your name after a close friend of ours. The middle name is still a work in progress, but we still have time. Your Uncle Sam, Bucky, Rhodey, and Aunt Pepper now know you’re coming. Well technically Aunt P knew a few weeks ago because your Oma couldn’t keep his mouth shut but your uncles now know too. Bucky cried and yes you can tease him on that later because he started teasing me when I started crying too. I can’t wait for you to meet your family. We’ve told the rest of the Avengers too and they’re all excited to meet you. Scott already started sending us some of his old daughter’s things and giving us a long list of things we’ll need. I’m not sure how much we’ll actually buy but he’s insistent on a lot of it so we’ll give it a good look over. I’ve slipped some sketches in of the mural ideas I had. Still haven’t decided on one just yet but I’ll try getting that narrowed down this week.
“You’re rambling a little, but okay?” Shit, he knew he should have written this down on a card or something. Taking a deep breath, he went ahead trying to remember everything he had wanted to say.
“So you’ll…?”
“Holy shit, there really is only one bed.” Steve was setting the bags down by the couch when Tony came back out from the, yes singular, bedroom.
You’re here and you’re more perfect than I could ever imagine. We just got home yesterday and both you and your Oma are asleep right now. Your uncles and Aunt Pepper are coming by tomorrow to see you. I don’t even know what to write right now, just that you’re absolutely perfect in every way. I can’t wait to see you grow. You already have a head full of hair that I’m sure your Aunt will fuss over. I love you. I love you so much. We both do. Please always stay this little. The thought of you getting any bigger right now tears me up.
“She is not!” Steve called back but he couldn’t see her! Tony held the knife up and she merely batted at it like it was a toy, clearly Bucky’s child through and through. “Tony!” Steve was there in an instant and taking the knife away, giving him another look. “Do not threaten her with a knife.”
4 months and 2 weeks till we get to meet you.
“You boys from the 40’s really aren’t that smart with undertones are you?” Tony grabbed a water bottle for himself and tossed one to Steve, who caught it without much effort. “Just two nights ago after movie night I asked if you wanted to walk me to my room.”
Dear Natasha,
5 months till we get to meet you.
“Hey Steve,” Tony said after a moment, waiting for Steve to hum before he continued. “I like you.” Nothing could stop the smiling spreading over Steve’s face.
“You probably googled it and then proceeded to call the number instead of booking online because you won’t put your credit card number on the internet. Tell me I’m wrong.” A light blush creeped up Steve’s neck because no, Tony wasn’t wrong, and he knew it. He might not have kept cash under his mattress anymore, but he still didn’t fully trust the internet with things like bank info. He refused to use the ATM as well. “You know I have the top security system there is at Avengers Campus. No ones going to steal your card info, Old man. And if by some chance they do, we’ll get your money back. I also have the best lawyer’s money can buy.” Steve was about to clip back with him not wanting Tony to waste money on him, when Tony moved his left hand to settle right over Steve’s on the gear shaft. A little squeeze was all it took to have the words dying right in his mouth.
“Happy anniversary Tony. I love you. But how is it that you’re a genius but you cannot seem to get the hang of wrapping paper?” Steve asked with amusement as he began to unwrap the gift.
“Okay. I’m getting her out okay. Just stay here. I promise you. She’ll be with you in no time” Steve assured her.
He must have drifted out of consciousness for a second because when he came to he could hear Tony shouting on the comms. He sounded panicked in a way Tony rarely ever did on missions.
“Look I’m not not sure why I feel like I’ve walked into some kind of trap. So why don’t you just tell me Rogers?”
“Night Steve.”
“Hey how are you feeling?” Tony asked, squeezing Steve’s palm in both of his.
Oh shit. Last night came flooding back and Tony groaned as he hid his face in the pillow. What was wrong with him. Could he have been any more obvious? Might as well have gone down on one knee for all the subtlety he had shown. Thank God Steve was completely oblivious or he might have gotten the wrong idea. That Tony was in love with him or something. Which he wasn't. Obviously.
“I will admit, it is a particularly great ass. But anyway, that's not the point, Steven. Quit distracting me. What do you want to do? Cooking shows you’re weirdly invested in or milkshakes? We could even go on your bike just this once,” Tony suggested.
He was stacking legos on top of each other and handing them to Sasha to put on the tower when he noticed movement in the corner of his eyes. Karl had come out of his hiding place and was now sitting half in front of the bookshelf, warily eyeing Tony to see how he would react. Tony’s heart ached as he pretended not to notice and kept on chatting with Sasha as their tower slowly started growing in height. The tower had just reached Sasha’s height sitting down when he felt a green Lego piece fall into his lap. He realised that Karl had crawled closer and was now sitting next to him although his body was still angled away from Tony. He felt like his heart had grown 3 sizes at the show of trust from this scared little boy. Not wanting to make a big deal out of it and cause him to retreat again, Tony quietly added the piece to their construction and patiently waited as Karl handed him more green coloured Legos.
“It’ll heal,” replied Steve, dully his face devoid of any emotion. And no this just won’t do. Steve Rogers should never look dull. He could look disbelieving or exasperated or annoyed or just plain furious when he looked at Tony, but not like this. His blue eyes were not meant to look so lifeless, like they were seeing through Tony instead of at him. Tony would take an angry Steve over this lost one any day.
“In my defence” Steve started, “well, on second thoughts, you’re right, I have no defence” he laughed.
“Of course he would,” Steve assured him.
“Hey now, who said that about you?” Tony asked.
“What the hell is even in this? Did you just fill these with the heaviest thing you could find?” Tony groaned as they made their way over to the reception desk.
“A couple of thousand dollars
“Well I guess it’s about time,” Natasha said. “I had my money on Tony not getting his head out of his ass till New Years at the earliest but I didn’t realise the hospital visit would speed things up quite a bit.”
Pocketing his phone, he lingered unnoticed in the doorway of the brightly coloured room to see a blonde haired boy who looked to be about 13, lying on the hospital bed and hooked up to various monitors. He looked like he was half asleep though he made a valiant effort to sit up the moment he saw Steve. A woman who looked so much like him and was most likely his mother sat next to his bed with a plate of food in hand, apparently in the middle of coaxing him to eat.
He smiled to himself as he snuck up behind Tony to wrap his arms around Tony’s waist and whisper a quiet good morning in his ear.
“Ready to go?” Steve asked and Tony nodded with a warmth in his chest that he had a feeling had nothing to do with his new sweater.
“I don’t want any gifts. I just want to go home,” he said, voice cracking.
“Tooony,” Steve whined.
“You wound me J. Anyway can you ask him if he wants me to bring the suit? Kids love Iron Man so maybe that’s why he wants me tagging along on his Santa mission.”
“What do you mean?”
He drank a few sips of water handed to him by a junior agent as the adrenaline rush faded. It had been a difficult mission and Steve was so relieved that they had been able to get everybody out. None of the team had suffered too much damage and Steve couldn’t wait to go home and sleep off his exhaustion. It had been a long few hours.
“I only accept penance in the form of kisses you know,” Tony said, pouring out the coffee into his favourite mug. It had a picture of Hulk and Iron Man with their arms around each other with the caption ‘Super Smash Bros’. Tony found it endlessly amusing.
“It's just on these nights I keep wondering. Why was I the one to survive and not him? Why was I the one who survived a plane crash and turned up in a different century? And sometimes I think it's a punishment. Being alive but with everyone I love dead. Being alive with the guilt that I couldn't save him. That I couldn’t do anything for my mom. People used to feel bad for her, you know. Poor Mrs Rogers, working her fingers to the bone because her sick son could only lay in bed for months on end, they’d say. The one thing I wanted growing up was for her to be proud of me. For me to be able to do something so that she could finally get some rest.”
“What’s up Cap?” Tony asked as he let himself be pulled up on his feet.
“I don’t understand why you guys are complaining so much,” said Thor, struggling with his tie until Bruce took pity on him and helped him out. “Your parties are not all bad.”
Steve’s face broke out into the biggest grin, his face lighting up with joy. But Tony couldn’t help but feel a little niggling doubt. “But why?” he asked.
“What time is it Jay?” he asked, yawning as realised he’d fallen asleep in last night's clothes.
“I get up in the middle of the night sometimes and ask JARVIS to check my bank balance. Logically, I know how much money is in there, and that it hasn’t changed since the last time I checked but I need to hear it again. I need that reassurance. I worry about what would happen if I went against SHIELD someday and they froze my assets. Where would I be then? A part of me knows that you would always help me Tony. The team would never let me starve. But I just think about my Ma going to bed hungry for days at a time and that’s enough to make me stop spending.”
“I have no idea what you're talking about.”
“Well, when news of our good Captain being injured reached the international media, let’s just say certain timelines were sped up,” she said coolly.
“Oh you have no room to talk Mr-runs-into-collapsing-buildings,” Tony retorted.
“Well, there’s always safety in numbers. And you and I make a good team,” Steve added as he led them down the hallway to where the older kids rooms were.
“You look really good Tony,” Steve said and Tony’s face felt a little warm. Decades of flirting it up with the best of them, having heard the filthiest things whispered to his ear, of course it would be a simple compliment from Steve that would make his heart stutter and his face pink.
At the mention of Iron Man she relaxed a little and Steve asked for permission to carry her.
“Was last night a date?” he’d blurted out.
“Shit. Shit. Shit. Goddamnit Steve. Just hang on okay. Steve can you hear me?” Tony asked. The tone of his voice indicated that it was probably not the first time he had asked that question.
“And?” Tony asked.
“This is just half of them. I requested Happy to get the rest that I’d loaded into the trunk before we met,” Steve replied and Tony glared enviously at how easily Steve was carrying all the weight.
“Scared? Pfft! I wasn’t scared. I was sure you were going to be okay. You’re
“--Wait, are you Tony Stark?” she asked, eyes wide. “I thought you looked really familiar but the sweater kind of threw me off. Although I see the connection with the colour scheme now,” she  teased.
Steve looked at him with those baby blue eyes with an expression Tony couldn’t quite figure out. “You can't just say all these things and  -” he shook his head, voice quivering slightly. “-- Never mind. Thanks Tony.”
“Fine it was a t-shirt that I painted on. I painted you as Buzz Lightyear and me as Woody, with us flying off into the sunset.”
“I know mom I’m looking”, Nick replied. “Of course I meet Tony Stark the day I refuse a sponge bath,” he muttered as Tony snorted in amusement.
“Okay I’m liking where this is going but before we get distracted I need to give you something,” Tony said as he fished out a hastily wrapped present from his robe pocket. “Wait what’s this for?“ Steve asked.
“I do. I’m truly sorry Tony” Steve said.
“Good. I’m glad you’ve seen the light. Now get some sleep. I can see you struggling to keep your eyes open,” he said.
A gaggle of Shield agents and law enforcement had gathered around them by then. He suspected Tony had heard what was happening and alerted everyone over the comms.
“So Bucky and I were about six years old when----”
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Tony asked, unable to bear the silence any longer.
“And what is this change of plan?” Natasha asked her dark eyes boring into him as though she could see right through him.
“It appears so Sir.”
“I’ll be right here. I’m not going anywhere baby,” Tony assured him, cutting off Steve’s internal monologue.
“Can I borrow your chief engineer for some time ma’am?” Steve asked Sasha.
Rogers. Tony only called him Rogers when he felt defensive. Steve knew that. He knew he was being irrational. But knowing didn’t help. It just made him feel even worse. “These brushes are way too expensive Tony. They belong with some real artists. You know I’ve just started dabbling into watercolour. These brushes are just- they’re too much,” he said.
It hurts me to know that you were going through all of this alone. But you’re not alone anymore Steve. You have the team and you have me. I will always try to help you. And if I can’t or if you don’t want my help, then I’ll always listen. You can always tell me what’s on your mind baby. This relationship is a no-judgement zone.” Tony added.
Steve woke up to the smell of antiseptic. It felt like his entire body had been run over by a truck. Every muscle of his body ached. Oh god. He needed to wake up. Why wouldn’t his eyes open? Ma and Bucky would be so worried. They couldn’t afford for him to spend any more time in the hospital. He needed to open his eyes. He could hear a shrill beeping sound somewhere next to him. He was finally able to open his eyes enough to see a room with white walls and machines hooked up all around him. And with that came the realisation that he was in the future. No, the present. He hadn’t thought of it as the future in a very long time.
On the worst nights, it was always the ice he dreamed about. The nightmare had started off with gunfire, screaming and blood, but that had still been less terrifying than the crash. This time, Tony had been with him on the plane as it went down. His breathing picked up as the images flashed before his eyes. He knew it was irrational and that Tony was probably sleeping soundly next to him but he was too scared to check because what if he wasn’t? What if he was missing or hurt or- the thought was just unbearable. Not looking was better. At least then there was the possibility that he was safe right next to him.
By the time he turned it off, Nick had eaten over half his meal so Tony considered it a success as Rhonda smiled at them gratefully.
“Do I like it?” Steve said, incredulously. “Tony these are 300 dollars a brush.”
Steve talked till his voice was hoarse. Memories of childhood and Christmas and ones with the Howling Commandos. It was as though the dam had burst and he couldn't stop.
“How’re we doing today?” Steve asked, nodding towards the kid who despite probably being a teenager looked so tiny in the hospital bed.
“Okay that was so obviously a lie I’m just going to ignore it. It was a rhetorical question anyway. I’m taking off now, I’ll be there in 10.”
Schrodinger’s Tony, he thought to himself, letting out an almost hysterical half sob.
“It takes time to look this good Katniss,” Tony quipped as he surveyed the room.  “I must say we all clean up quite nicely. Barton even looks like he could pass for a human being,” Tony teased as he looked around the room. Thor, Clint and Tony were wearing suits while Natasha looked stunning in a red and black dress. Bruce looked dapper in a white dress shirt although he looked like he was going to vibrate out of his skin with nerves. Stuffy gatherings with rich people showboating was probably his least favourite idea of an evening out. And honestly, despite all the flirting and glad handing that people thought came naturally to him, parties like these were definitely not Tony’s idea of a good time either. He’d rather just wear his greasy tank top and tinker on the new repulsor design with the bots. Or watch a classic movie with Steve - speaking of which, Tony’s heart skipped a beat as their eyes met. Dressed in a blue shirt that looked like it had been painted on, Steve looked gorgeous, the colour bringing out his eyes.
He quickly wiped the sweat off his face, had a sip of water and left the gym, requesting JARVIS to take the elevator to the penthouse. He contorted his face into a smile as the doors opened and made his way into their bedroom. Tony was lying in bed reading what looked like a quantum physics text book and his eyes lit up the moment he saw Steve. Steve was hit with such a rush of fondness that he temporarily forgot the ball of anxiety lodged in his stomach.
“Yeah? But you still like me.” Tony had singsonged.
Steve quickly brushed his teeth and made his way out, slipping quietly under the covers. Tony closed the book he was reading and slipped down in bed, turning towards Steve as Jarvis turned off the lights.
“Oh those were just the presents for the team. Tomorrow I need to shop for some of the kids.”
“First of all I’m insulted that you think Fury would even find out. You know I have better skills than that. You and I are on a private line anyway so don't worry about it. Just - are you okay?”
Nick started explaining how his kitchen helper bot worked, hesitantly at first and then gaining speed as Tony listened carefully and asked questions. It was heartwarming to see his face light up as he talked about his project. He was clearly a very smart kid.
“Wait Steve! What do you mean? Did you not think we were dating?” Tony had asked.Steve had stopped in his tracks and turned to Tony, finally meeting his soft, brown eyes. He looked just as confused and out of sorts as Steve felt. Clearly they were missing something here. But hope had sprung in his chest making it slightly easier to breathe.
This was the fifth time in the last two weeks that Steve had come home from somewhere and gone to town on the punching bags. Tony knew that he could track him easily to find out where he went off to if he wished but that had been a step too far even for him. Steve asked for so little, a little bit of privacy was the least that Tony could give him. All he could do was make himself available for the aftermath. He shook himself out of his thoughts as the elevator doors opened. He could hear the repetitive thwack of the punching bag reverberating in the empty gym even before Steve came into view.
“Okay maybe Tony could introduce you to his bots on his phone,” Steve suggested after a while just as Nick finished his explanation of the decision making algorithm he had used for his bot. “And maybe, you can have lunch while you chat, Don’t you think so Tony,” Steve added, slyly as Tony nodded.
Steve smiled as he remembered entering the gym and seeing the face printed on the punching bag, a move that had had Tony written all over it.
As if on cue, Tony stirred.
“Well being all up in each other’s business is part of being a family, apparently,” Steve smiled.
“I have absolutely nowhere to be. But I'll see you soon Rhodey Bear! Stay safe out there.”
“Hi Ava. Your Aunt sent me to get you out of here okay. She’s waiting for you outside. I’m going to take you to her” he said in the most soothing voice he could manage. Ava looked petrified as she tried to stifle her sobs. Steve’s heart ached at the sound.
“Actually I would very much like to hear about the robotics competition,” Tony said as he took a seat next to the bed.
“Okay first of all, I’m not in love with him. Were you not listening to anything I just said? It’s just a stupid crush. You’ve met Steve. Anyone would have a crush on him right?”
“You’re never going to let that go are you?” Steve asked, carefully depositing the toddler in the hands of a nurse.
“Uh huh” Steve said. Now that he knew Tony was here, it felt increasing tempting to go back to sleep. Just for a little while. He was beginning to feel floaty. The pain had receded and he felt almost disconnected from his body. He could hear Tony screaming on the comms but he couldn’t figure out why.
“It’s so nice to meet you Tony. I’m Rhonda, Nick’s mom. He’s a huge fan of yours. He loves tinkering with any machine he can find. He’s even built a robot that won first prize at the national robotics competition” she told him, eyes shining with pride.
“Did he tell you about the fight?” he asked, surprised.
“Steve,” Tony said, his expression heartbroken.
“Well lucky for you, I’m not asking for permission.” Steve said as he jumped over the yellow barricade tape.
Steve heard the sheets rustle and Tony’s face came into view as he  leaned over Steve, cupping his face in his calloused palms.The sight of Tony, safe and unharmed filled him with such relief as he just stared at him for a minute to make sure Tony was really there.
“Oh thank God!” Tony exclaimed. “I’m here Steve, just hold on for a few more minutes okay. We’re trying to figure out how to get you both out without making it worse okay honey?”
“I know Steve, but I think we’re going to be okay, I just got a second job so that should help with the bills. I don’t need the money but … can I please have a hug?” she asked as she stood up and stepped into Steve’s waiting arms. Steve rubbed her back as she melted into his arms and they all pretended not to hear the sniffling.
“Look about that morning, I know you got -” Tony began.
“It's just why did I get to live and not him? There’s nothing special about me. Everything special about me came from a bottle after all,” Steve smiled ruefully.
“Aww Stark you do have a heart,” Clint joked as Natasha smiled softly at him.
“Wait, what?” Tony had asked. He had looked shocked. Like he couldn’t believe Steve would ask such a question. Steve felt like he had been punched in the gut.
It took a few minutes until Steve’s racing heart calmed down and he was able to breathe comfortably again. He opened his eyes to see Tony looking at him with a worried expression on his face which changed into a relieved smile when he saw Steve looking.
Tony began to sing, his husky voice tinged with sleep, and Steve found the stone in his stomach finally dissolving and leaving nothing but contentment in its place. Tony’s fingers lightly stroked his hair and Steve felt himself melt into the touch. As the final notes of Tony’s song echoed in his ears, Steve realised that his dread for tomorrow had been replaced with a feeling of excitement. He knew now that everything would be okay, as it always was when Tony was with him.
day!” he quipped as he pulled Tony closer and they both couldn’t stop smiling into the kiss.
“I love you,” Steve blurted out, covering his mouth with his hand as though he was shocked by what he had just said.
“He’s asleep in the hallway right now. Bruce was trying to corral him into going home with Tony but he was adamant about seeing you once before he left.” she said
“Ugh, you’re such a sap, Rogers,” Tony said and Steve snorted. “So what do you want to do? Do you want to watch some cooking show or go out to that all-hours diner and get some milkshakes? I’m sure they’ll have some atrocious red white and blue one called the ‘Freedom Shake’ for your patriotic ass.
“The fact that you’d had a fight the day you got injured didn’t help the situation. I’m sure he kept going over and over it in his mind in a loop of self-recrimination.” she said.
“You’re so good with kids,” Tony said as the door shut behind them.
“I’m so glad. I can finally stop hearing Tony moaning about how much he loves Steve on every call now,” Rhodey said as he came over to hug Tony.
Sam had vehemently disagreed with him on that, telling him repeatedly that that was not how PTSD worked. Steve smiled sheepishly and nodded at the reminder, but silently disagreed. Some days it was just easier to believe than others.
“Oh. Uh I just thought - never mind. Sorry. Umm have a good day,” he’d said while trying to walk out of the kitchen as fast as he could without actually running. Jesus the whole team had been there to witness this. This humiliation.
“Ava is fine,” Tony assured him and Steve let out a relieved sigh. “You took the brunt of all the damage so we managed to get her out mostly unscathed. She was treated for a couple of minor scrapes and bruises and was reunited with her aunt. I gave her my card to call in that ride you promised her” he continued.
“Your knuckles are bruised and swelling up, why the hell would you punch this without wrapping them first? You know I reinforced these specially for you!” Tony said as he held Steve’s hand up to examine the damage.
“That we, um … just don’t go?”
“I think I need one to two business days to process what just happened,” Tony said.
“Well I may have somebody here who might cheer you up,” Steve smiled as he gestured for Tony to enter the room.
He was brought out of his musings by the Shield communicator on his wrists beeping shrilly. ‘Rooftop. Extraction in 5’ he read. Clint and Natasha were both off in some corners of the world on undercover SHIELD missions so he was going to be the only one suiting up today.
“Oh Steve, I’m so glad you’re here today. Nick was told today that he won’t be discharged in time for Christmas and let’s just say his temper has been contagious.”
Steve woke up with a gasp. He opened his eyes and stared up at the ceiling, frozen in terror. His limbs were locked in place and it felt like it would take more strength than he had to even turn his head and check if Tony was beside him. He could feel himself shaking, tiny shivers wracking his body as he remembered the cold water rising in the plane. He’d taken one final gasp of air before it reached his face, only to be thrown back into reality, finally released from the clutches of the nightmare.
“Oh my God Steve, what the hell are you doing?” Tony exclaimed as he ran up to Steve and held the punching bag away from Steve’s bare fist. Steve looked startled at seeing Tony next to him which was concerning for a man who had super hearing.
“I’ve talked to Pep. And well, saying she was mad would be an understatement but when I explained what I wanted to do, she got on board. Eventually.”
“Ugh, fine” he complained but he took the plate from Rhonda and Tony connected to the video feed of the workshop where the bots seemed to be playing a game of tag as they zoomed around.
He stripped off the rest of his clothes and stepped into the hot water. He knew Tony would ask JARVIS to monitor the temperature and he smiled at the thought. It was comforting to know he had someone looking out for him. He felt the water draining some of the tension from his back and shoulders. He knew he was being ridiculous, but the thought of trying to sleep while he was on edge just seemed impossible. He’d tried tiring himself out in the hopes that it would help with falling asleep, but deep down he’d known that it wouldn’t work. Nothing worked on nights like this. The nightmares would come no matter what, it was just a question of which one it was going to be. Whether it would be about the ice or the war or the train- he quickly shook his head as if to shake off the thought. He knew that worrying about it was not going to help.
“I just-” he began before JARVIS interrupted them. “Sir you have an incoming call from Miss Potts” JARVIS announced.
“Well maybe the next best thing. I mean electric blankets are pretty awesome,” said Steve and Tony laughed. He was so in love with this ridiculous man.
“Huh. Well that's a first. Okay tell him I’ll meet him on the common floor in an hour.”
“I’m fine,” he said and Tony let out a disbelieving scoff. “No, really. It was just a long day. Let’s just go to sleep. I’m sure I’ll feel better in the morning,” he continued, almost pleading. He didn’t know why he was being like this. A part of him was screaming at him to just tell Tony. He knew Tony would understand, but a small part of him was still embarrassed about what had happened and didn't want to talk about it. Preferably ever.
Amanda smiled. “The kids are going to be so happy to see you Steve, and not just because you got them gifts. Most of them are having a bit of a rough go of it at the moment. I’m sure your visit would bring some much needed holiday cheer.”
Steve could feel Ava shaking with terror and asked her to close her eyes as he reassured her that Iron Man was on his way.
“Thank you,” he said. It didn’t encompass all that he was feeling. How grateful he was for them. But it was the only thing that he could manage at the moment.
“You know you could at least pretend to be convincing,” Tony muttered as he glared at the gadgetry in front of him, considering he couldn't glare at his best friend.
“I know you will. Maybe you could practice your Mario Kart skills while you’re here. If I remember correctly I beat you 3-0 last time didn’t I?” Steve teased as they began to argue back and forth about who had won and whether it counted as winning when one party apparently seemed to have a loose understanding of the sportsman spirit.
“Nothing. Just tired. I’ll be quick,” he said as he rushed into the bathroom.
Steve tried to take a deep breath but oxygen seemed terrifyingly elusive. Had something happened with the serum? Why was he having an asthma attack after so many years? He tried to sit up to open up his airways. Ma had drilled that into him - always sit upright when you have difficulty breathing no matter how much you were tempted to lay down. But his fear increased when he found he couldn’t bring himself to do that. His whole body felt heavy with exhaustion and deep-seated pain and the act of even raising his head slightly seemed impossibly daunting.
“You visit the children’s hospital every month?” Tony asked, surprised. “How come I don’t know about this?”
Before Steve could answer they were greeted by the harried looking young receptionist whose name tag read Amanda. Her whole face lit up the moment she saw Steve.
“Let’s come back to that when the time comes, okay? Right now this is about you. Nobody knows how the serum works exactly Steve. Just please, for my peace of mind if nothing else, wait till at least Bruce gives you the all-clear. Please,” Tony beseeched.
“Hey buddy,” Steve said gently as he moved closer to the bed, gently patting the kid's hand. “I know exactly how you’re feeling. I spent the majority of my childhood in and out of hospitals just like you. I know how endless these stays can seem. It feels like you’re always going to end up back here sooner or later.  And I know it’s scary. All these machines and wires and all the crying kids. I used to be so scared when I’d be in the hospital alone when Ma had to go to work.”
An hour later, Tony descended the elevator to find Steve waiting for him with a sea of gift bags on the common floor. “What in the world are you wearing?” he asked, jaw dropping open in surprise at the sight before him.
“I hope you don’t say that to everyone who’s ever wronged you,” Steve said as he took the mug into his own hands and leaned down to kiss Tony.
“What’s that?” Steve had asked.
“Not exactly. But it wasn’t hard to guess something had happened between you two based on the state he was in, in the waiting room,” Natasha replied. “Go easy on him Cap, it’s been a long couple of days for all of us.”
“Woah there mister! Hang on to your horses now. You aren’t leaving here until the doctors give you a complete clean bill of health.” Tony declared.
“So did you get extra spicy noodles instead of the regular ones today?” Tony asked. Steve frowned, confused. “Did an old lady cross the street before you could offer to help her? Did you step in a puddle and get your socks wet”
“Wait, you said ‘we’. Is Clint here too?” he asked in dismay. He really hadn’t meant to create such a big fuss.
“Oh god, I remember what Amanda said. You just don’t want to go into the lion’s den alone don’t you?” Tony asked.
“Bucky knocked some sense into me. After everything Ma had done to keep me alive, I owed it to her to survive. But there was so much anger in me. I was so angry at God for taking her away from me. I got into fights with bullies twice my size. Bucky had to come save my ass so many times. And then I got the serum. For a while I felt like I could finally be useful. I could finally do something to help. But then I woke up in this crazy new world 70 years into the future and I was lost again. The world was so overwhelming. SHIELD gave me all these years of backpay that I had earned from the military. They thought I’d go crazy spending it all quickly, like a kid in a candy shop, buying all these amazing things that the future had to offer. But I couldn’t bring myself to spend it on anything other than the bare essentials. I’d go to the store and be paralysed with indecision. There were these huge stores just selling art supplies Tony. Things I’d never even dreamed of. But whenever I went to buy something, a voice in the back of my head cautioned me against spending so much money on things that weren’t essential. That I could live without. Deep down I’m scared about what would happen if somebody could do something to the serum. Where would I be in this new world if I wasn’t Captain America? What use do I have?” Steve paused, swallowing hard. He couldn’t bear to look at Tony so he just stared at the wall in front of him.
“Yeah that’s why you keep me around don’t you? Steve smiled. His smile vanished however when he saw what the gift was.
He began stacking lego pieces together, sneakily adding more legos to the bottom of the building to make sure the foundation held. He glanced up at Steve from time to time to see him surrounded by kids demanding his attention as they showed him the art they had made and the small Christmas tree that they had apparently decorated. His face practically glowed with happiness as he oohed and aahed at every kid’s art and listened with an adorable pout of concentration on his face as they regaled him with everything that had happened since they had last seen him. Unsurprisingly, even the kids that hadn’t met Steve before had also been drawn in and were now a part of the Steve Rogers fan club.
“I’ll be brave Steve, you can count on me,” Nick replied, his thin chest puffing out with pride.
“Language,” Steve managed to huff out.
“First of all, Steve, there’s literally nothing to be embarrassed about, not the panic attack or the nightmares. I wake you up at least once a fortnight with mine. And I know this is very pot-kettle, but Steve, nothing about this will make anyone feel less about you. All of us in this team have been through some fucked up shit. Hell, we could probably keep the therapists in business for years with just the issues we have between the six of us. Sure, maybe we’ll never truly know what you have been through, but we understand. Next time, please just tell me if something like this happens or if you’re feeling shitty for no reason. I can’t promise I can fix all the problems,but I’ll sure as hell try, and for the ones I can't, I’ll be there.”
“You used to be scared?” Nick asked looking up at Steve with awe, like he couldn’t believe it.
“It is currently 11 am in the morning on the 19th of December, Sir. You are in Avengers Tower. Captain Rogers has asked me to let him know when you’re awake.”
“You know I have a weakness for brown eyes,” Steve whined as Tony smiled in amusement.
Tony looked up surprised. “Kids?” he asked, his voice rising. “Do we need to have a heart-to-heart about something else Steve?”
“Just get here as quickly as possible Tony” Pepper sighed as JARVIS ended the call.
“Steve. Steve. Shh. You gotta listen to me baby. You’re okay. You’re in the hospital. Everything is just fine,” Tony said as he came over and squeezed Steve’s hand carefully.
“We’ve been waiting on you Stark,” Clint said, fiddling with his tie and clearly uncomfortable.
“Okay since both of you are massive idiots who wouldn’t know healthy communication from a mile away, I’m just going to step in here for a bit,” Natasha had said. “Tony did you think you and Steve were dating?” she had asked.
“No Tony!” Steve laughed.
“You’re ridiculous” Steve had burst out laughing.
“Hey, I noticed you have an Iron Man poster on the wall outside. When we get out of here I can introduce you to him. I’m sure he’ll sign that poster for you. If you ask very nicely he may even give you a ride. You just need to be brave for a little while longer, okay?” he said.
