"What do you mean?"
John fought to keep his focus, despite the murderous anger that built in him, hearing Mark talk about casually destroying Sherlock. He was close to the endpoint of Mark's game, so close to finding out the whole truth. John slipped his hand back down between them, and toyed with Mark's flies. "So one idea, to destroy Sherlock. Two ways to do it. One, to kill me, the other, to marry me. The second one was yours."
he asked.
"Good." Mark grinned. "It's all bit strange, this. Pretending everything isn't going to change in a couple of days."
A small measure of softness crept into John's belly, a sense that he could allow himself to let go of the breath he'd been holding for the last few days, ever since he'd looked at the security footage.
John fumbled with the phone, opening the keypad. "Yeah, the police. This isn't a game. If you're right about the bomb, they need to know."
"You can," Mark told him, grinning, evoking a smattering of soft laughter from the people sitting in the pews.
He dismounted in a small park, far from home, and wiped sweat from his brow. He checked his watch. He'd been out for two hours. The few remaining dry leaves rustled in the trees overhead, speaking soft goodnight to each other.
"Hi, Stephen. Sherlock Holmes. And John Watson," Sherlock said. He was staring at John incredulously, something beautiful and tender shining out through his eyes. "John Watson, who I think just saved your life."
Friday afternoon, Sherlock sent him a text.
Sherlock stepped down off the coffee table, stood close to John, and fired off a text. He waited for a moment, staring at his phone, concentrating on it like his life depended on it. A reply came, and he sent another, and another, his expression grim.
He and Mark had indeed been in trouble for a while, but had let momentum carry them through the last two months, and John hadn't wanted to think about it. As he watched the tablet boot, John tried to reconcile the man he wanted to be, the man he thought he was, with the man who had caught his boyfriend in a complete lie, and let it go.
Every time he reached for  it, though, he would remember the hole that sat in his own heart, the bleak contradiction he was living every day. He was with Mark, and he was in love with Sherlock. He could hardly ask what Mark had meant, hardly demand to see whatever dark current ran through him, because John was carrying his own secret, and he knew he couldn't defend himself on that account, if it came down to it.
John reached down between them, and brushed his hand against Sherlock's cock, enveloping it, as Sherlock heaved himself higher on the bed, his long body splayed all around John, one arm flung over John's head, Sherlock's leg curling around him as they found better and better ways to move together, and Sherlock buried his face in John's neck, and whined, high-pitched and needy, and John gripped Sherlock's shoulder, and Sherlock's cock twitched in his hand.
John was staring at the text, wondering how on earth he should reply, when another came through.
"I love you," he told her. "Be careful."
Feeling like he couldn't sort how he was supposed to behave any more, John went to the bar, scanning the rest of the room. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. He'd been gone for fully ten minutes.
The second of Harry's messages made little more sense:
John's mind whirred, not quite ready to work through the implications of seeing Mark on camera, dressed like an assassin in night time camouflage, carrying a bag that could contain anything, that was certainly large enough to hold a gun with a silencer.
"About being best man?" She wrinkled her nose, and shook her head. "No. He talks about you all the time, though."
A long silence spun out between them. Sherlock shifted on the bench beside John. More tourists filed past Bainbridge, briefly blocking their view of him: a few families on holiday, a group of uni boys. Harmless enough.
A beginning.
"I have no idea."
He rebelled internally against Mark's idea of Sherlock's fragility. Sherlock was as strong as a lion. He'd survived two years of exile, imprisonment, and torture. He'd held John, when John couldn't keep himself together. Still, John certainly had no interest in living without Sherlock. The last two years had proven that to him. Perhaps Mark was right. Perhaps Sherlock was just the same.
A few months after his initial arrest, Baccarin had been investigated for the murder of his wife, Olivia, found shot through the head in the home they shared. He'd been cleared of those charges, too: investigators found clear evidence of a break-in. Later, a vagrant was found guilty.
"Thanks. It was time for a change."
A slow sense of shock rolled through him. There was something he was missing, some connection that would explain how he'd failed to notice Mark coming and going at all hours. More than once, if he was connected to all of the killings that Sherlock had identified.
"I just let it slide, Mrs. Hudson. I let it all slide. And it just got harder and harder to pick up the phone, somehow." He reached out, and covered her hand with his. "Do you know what I mean?"
John bent forward, arms folded across his belly. It was too much. It was all too much. Sherlock wanted him, and there was nothing that should stop them, except the fact that John had to marry Mark in two days, and he knew that if he did what he wanted right now, then he would never be able to go through with it.
His chest clenched, as he studied the line of Sherlock's back.
Sherlock nodded, and smiled as he rubbed the fabric between his fingers. "No. Keep it. It suits you." He moved into the centre of the room, where he stood awkwardly, looking like everything John had ever wanted. "Are you hungry? I have—" he twirled his hand over the table, like a stage magician— "food things."
"Oh, you know Tom." Mark waved his hand, as if dismissing a fly. "Always wants me to invest in something or other."
The incident with Bainbridge really had clarified for John how much he'd changed. He was able to see so much more than he had, in the old days. He resolved to trust himself going forward. Pay more attention to his instincts. Listen to himself.
He hit the publish button on the blog post, sat back in his chair, and wondered how Sherlock would feel when he read it. Perhaps he already had read it, via the keystroke monitoring software he'd installed. The idea of Sherlock, sitting at 221B and watching every mistake John made as he typed, every edit, made him smile.
Mark. Unmistakably, it was Mark.
"That's right," Violet said. "Thomas Baccarin."
"That doesn't fit with my information at all. I was looking for someone with official ties, American, probably." Sherlock shrugged. "Always room for a surprise, I suppose."
John watched the gun. Mark was good with it, John knew. Any attempt to take it from him at this point would be far too risky. He had to wait, until he had some advantage.
"I am."
Meanwhile, he was full of reassurances. "Nothing's happened to me. I'm fine."
George was watching John with a closed, illegible expression on his face. To John's surprise, he stuck out his hand. John shook it, watching as George's hand engulfed his. The man was a mountain, worn by time.
John tried on a smile. "Waste no time?"
The cameras were surprisingly effective at taking clear pictures even in the glow of the street lights. Eventually they showed Mark returning home at 5:30 pm, followed by John, shortly after.
The waiter drew closer still, his elbow brushing John's shoulder. "Well, these are all excellent vintages."
he typed.
"What are you saying?"
Mark shrugged. "Maybe."
The ellipsis that indicated Sherlock was writing a response came up, hovered for a few, long, aching moments, and disappeared.
Mark shrugged. "Just...trying it on for size. Darling, you need help?"
"Water," John said. "No alcohol. Just water."
"Well, yes. That's what happens when someone kills your wife. I read the file, Mark. I know you shot her."
?" Sherlock's rich baritone, thick with implication, rolled up John's spinal column like a series of warm, wet kisses. "
Sherlock's expression shifted then, transformed by the biggest smile John had ever seen him wear, and he wheezed, as if he couldn't let his laughter out fast enough, and it was choking him.
With a sense that the world was tilting, John thought of the events of the last few weeks. How Mark had accepted his proposal, and worked with Sherlock, apparently, on the plan to keep John away from him. They'd both been played.
A quarter of an hour later, he was showered and changed into jeans, one of his better plaid shirts, and a maroon jumper. He went downstairs, and put on his shoes and coat. He paused in the front hallway, took out his phone, thumbed through a disused menu option, and used the flat's wifi to download email from Sherlock's professional account. He hadn't dipped into it for more than two years. The inbox was bursting, full of hundreds of messages asking for Sherlock's help. He smiled down at the screen. The prospect of being helpful again, of helping Sherlock with a case, filled him with a sense of hope he didn't deserve.
"Just a little checkup."
"That's what you've taught me," John growled, as he slipped the ring onto Mark's finger. "I won't forget it. So thank you. Thank you for that."
He felt as though he'd been dealt a physical blow, knocked back. Maybe Sherlock didn't want him. He was desperate, scrambling for anything. There had to be something between them, some hint of the old magic. "There must be something we can do. There's always something. Isn't there?"
John smirked. Well... who said they couldn't have a bit of fun?
Would he like that? He'd probably giggle. Smile.
"Leaving so soon?" she coos, batting long eyelashes that are an unnatural teal color. Large fishy lips pout. "But you're both so thin... you can't possibly leave now."
"God, yeah," murmured John, moving closer still. At long last he reached out and laid a hand on Sherlock's belly, stroked it softly. The detective hummed encouragingly, happy to have finally caught his flatmate's eye.
"John, you did this to me. Made me so fat. So round. Made me *yours*" He  purred, leaning forward and sinking his teeth into John's neck.
He looked over, finding one, tiny chunk of doughnut next to him. He picked it up, about to bring it to his lips, then rolled over, letting the fit soldier rest on his massive gut
Sherlock takes John’s hand as they continue out into another hallway, following the breadcrumbs. The detective feels like he’s shaking… but he’s not nervous. No, not shaking... bouncing, especially in his bu-
"Christ, you're heavy too, love. You've made quite the pig of yourself, fattened yourself into a proper hog, haven't you, glutton?"
Sherlock had frozen the moment Molly had spoken. She saw the second that it worked. Sherlock’s cheesy grin sank and his lips parted. He blinked a few times.
"J-John?" Sherlock murmurs, his brain still fuzzed over, Turkish Delight still in his fingers.
"Er..." John wets his lips slightly, "Yeah, I've got you... good. That's good." He steps away just a bit. "Let's get out of here, yeah?"
The doctor ignores it and moves closer. A bullet buries itself in front of John’s left foot and he takes advantage of that split second to launch himself at Moran. The two army veterans crash to the floor. A few of the patients begin screaming again.
"Sherlock, you shut your mouth right now. Moran, I will kill you," John says, his voice low and calm, perfectly measured.
He pressed a few buttons on his Food-O-Matic, and out came a small plate of bruschetta, the redness of the tomatoes making each toasted crostini look like it was covered in tiny hearts
The detective sits up, not enough excess fat even make tiny rolls as he bends forward to help himself stand.
He slipped off his shoes, making a show of turning around and bending over to take off his socks, wobbling his bubble butt into the open air.He gave it a slap, dropping his trousers and pants before turning.
"H-hey," John panted, looking in for Sherlock.
The first button to go was off the tailored shirt of Officer Daniels, outside Greg’s office, who stared but then continued stuffing his face wildly. Then others began to follow after in what could have been a perfect symphony of popping buttons and sagging bellies that burst confining clothes, large and round. They gurgled as their owners continued to fill them, the skin stretching tight, belts being pawed at with one hand to try to let them out while continuing to eat.
"No closer, Watson."
Sherlock sighed and stretched contentedly. His nostrils flared and a smile slid across his lips. Breakfast. John.
"Ho, ho, hoooo!"
"Ah, Fuck, I might ask you the same question," he panted, chuckling breathlessly, "Ever since... that case... that video I've just been- Fuck , look at you Sherlock!"
"Sherly's looking sort of girly! Who knows? Johnny might actually want to fuck you now that you have those hips!" He giggled then added, "But then, Sherls, you're getting really fat aren't you? So maybe not. Fattylock. I think that should be your new name!" He guffaws and sits back, taking the fresh milk shake that's appeared and slurping it down. The chair groans softly.
He laughed, a bitter, choked sound. "Well, unsolved one. Only one that really matters."
"I'm sorry." John squeezed the hand holding his. It was a lifeline, after all. "I promised myself I wouldn't fall apart. It's just." The sentence ground to a halt.
He had an answer now, too, for the post-it note with the question about Sholto he'd seen on Sherlock's crime wall.
"Yes, great, wonderful." Sherlock rushed back to the coffee table, picked up his Mum's purse, ran back to the door, and thrust it into her arms. His father was already waiting at the top of the stairs.
"I do."
John sighed heavily. Stag night would certainly not be happening, although he imagined he might need a drink, or all the drinks, by the time Thursday rolled around. He had to play along, though, even though his patience was wearing thin. And Sherlock's mention of stag night had sparked a question in him.
His phone pinged.
Mark, still breathless, nodded. "You can count on it."
"Oh," John said, giddy with adrenaline. "Maybe we should have called the police."
His stomach churned, as he emerged onto the street outside of Baker Street Station, hope burning through his gut at the prospect of seeing Sherlock again.
The text message Mark showed him was some kind of garbled word salad, with religious overtones. "I'm sorry. What am I looking at?"
"Oh." Violet blinked at him, then nodded. "Harry's idea."
"John!" Mark called out to him again.
He'd been so caught up in the lies he'd been telling himself, and the lies he'd been telling Mark, the promises he couldn't follow through on. It had never occurred to him that Mark's recent spate of strange behaviour was covering up something much more terrible.
"John, I—" The sentence lingered, unfinished. Like their time together.
He'd said that John would understand the watch, would know what it meant. Perhaps Sherlock wanted to turn back time, as well. Go back to the days when the two of them had been inseparable.
John went to his coat, hanging by the greenhouse door, and scrambled to open his phone, watching Sherlock closely, as he found three messages from Harry.
Throughout the day, he received a series of responses that were, in all probability, lies.
He ran his palm over Mark's cock, which leapt to attention, filling and filling until it was firm in his hand.
Sherlock stared at the timer, his brow furrowed. "Sorry," he said. He looked up at John. "I am sorry."
Instead, she was all accusations. She hadn't moved on at all. She'd waited. For him, as it turned out.
"I wondered when you would sort that through. You were very slow."
His phone pinged.
"I'm still not telling you. It's a surprise, remember?"
He flipped through the next few images anxiously, as if they would answer all his questions.
He swallowed and murmured, "There's no need to thank me... We're friends. We look out for each other."
"Oh? You sure? These are incredible!" He said eagerly, stuffing the rest of it down happily and licking his fingers.
"Yeah me too, but I didn't... notice anything odd. Shame though," said John, his eyes lingering on Sherlock maybe a bit longer than usual. He quickly looked back at the telly.
“Go on, Piggy. Eat up. I want you properly fattened in time for market,” the ex-army captain purrs, dilated pupils roving over the growing bulge beneath his hog’s ever tightening button-up shirt. The buttons are beginning to strain now; John feels his arousal burning at the thought of them springing free, soft white fat spilling out between them to flub gently onto thick fat thighs and then to only grow further as it gurgles. John groans his encouragement, dipping his head to suck a love bite onto Sherlock’s long pale neck as he feeds him another sugary doughnut. The detective gasps, a deep baritone groan following only to be muffled by fatty pastry.
“John!”
"Oh... Well, maybe they're just from Mrs. Hudson. Seems like the sort of thing she'd do," said Greg, reaching out to examine one. It looked perfectly normal. And completely delicious...
"John!" Sherlock shouts again, spinning the ex-army doctor towards him, wrapping soft arms around John and just letting him sink into his soft gut.
"John is everything al... right?" Sherlock's eyes went wide, mouth dry. He swallowed.
John groaned, pressing his belly into Sherlock's hand, his eyes fluttering as he took a big bite, then another and another as he felt the man teasing him.
"You're not ready to leave me, are you baby? I know a man with an appetite when I see one," she purrs, pressing a long lithe body up against the detective’s rotund one.
He lifted and arm, letting his weight rest on his other and his round, fat gut, cupping Greg's chubby cheek in his, "I...Jesus Greg, take off your pants." He growled, then squealed as John worshipped his enormous, fat arse, moaning as the soft flesh was marked by his lover
Sherlock swept out of his room to the kitchen, prepared to berate John about making such noise at 2 in the morning (despite the blatant hypocrisy of the act). However, as the scene revealed itself to the detective, he found himself quite incapable of speaking another word.
He slipped it on, letting out aroused moans and loud belches as he cinched himself into it, full tummy squashed almost painfully in as he did up his always tight shirts, slipped some trousers on over his shirts, and moved out of his bedroom, calling out to John as he descended the stairs to the living room.
John purses his lips, but allows this transgression in light of Sherlock’s submission. He even lets Sherlock feed him a good sized portion of the double chocolate peanut butter pie. Sherlock would still meet his calorie goal. The detective was fattening up nicely. Another set of new suits would be in order by the end of the week gauging by Sherlock’s increasingly demanding appetite. Ahead of schedule.
(See the end of the chapter for
The frosting flies off Sherlock’s hand and he blushes, putting the book back, but still wondering what the dozens of others are filled with.
"Th-that wasn't funny, John" Sherlock said, frowning softly, looking away.
Greg had just polished off his midmorning snack, his feet up on the desk. He brushed crumbs from his shirt and stretched comfortably. It was such a quiet day. He was savoring it...
"It's where Moriarty's network led me. Once I left the rooftop, I knew I couldn't return, until I had thoroughly dismantled it." Sherlock stood, suddenly, and strode, as if with a purpose, into the centre of the room, the poker dangling from his right hand.
"So you're not going to show up at the pub? For the sake of appearance?"
"No. No thanks."
John replied,
"John. Don't make a scene."
They rounded a curve in the tracks. There sat the carriage, under a huge vent that appeared to go all the way to the surface.
If Mark needed space, an evening to himself, then that was completely understandable. John would have preferred it if Mark had just been honest with him, of course. On the other hand, maybe Mark hadn't felt he had the right to go off on his own. Maybe he'd thought John wouldn't understand.
He reached for Sherlock's hand. Not a handshake. Not a thing blokes did, with their mates. Something else. Something more. He slipped his palm into Sherlock's, and squeezed his hand, and rubbed his thumb across the back of it. Somehow, in the context of everything that had just happened—the fact that he'd cried, the fact that Sherlock had comforted him—that one point of contact was more intimate than it should be. It was wrong, in so many ways: John didn't deserve it, hadn't earned the right. At the same time, it was an absolute necessity, more vital than air.
Sherlock was with John in an instant, Mark's gun in his hand, as he knelt over John, holding him, looking down at him, pale and wild with concern.
"John." Mark took a step toward him, and took his arm. His grip was like iron. He was just as strong as John. Stronger, when he wanted to be. "Look. I don't know what the hell happened between the two of you. I haven't asked." He was talking rapidly, his tone even. Cool. He was always cool. "Whatever it was, this is what it is now. You have to be clever about it. It's for your own good."
"So why are you still playing now? Moriarty's been dead for two years, and you started working on me eight months ago. Seems like a lot of effort, doesn't it? Why carry on with his grudge against Sherlock, when you could go do anything else?"
"Come and meet George," Mark told John, as he walked toward the beekeeper. "He's worked here for years now."
"What do you mean, don't remove it?" Sherlock spoke softly, but he was shaking. "We'll remove it immediately, and we'll take him to hospital until whatever he's been given wears off. Next steps are still the same." He was on his feet again, practically spitting in Violet's face. "Detain Mark. Interrogate him. Do the best you can with that. If you knew how to do your job, you would have done that already, instead of knowingly exposing this man to danger for all these months."
“Good boy,” John praised, smoothing a hand over Sherlock’s navel. “Apologize.”
He walked to the doughnut shop around the corner, where the owner hailed him by name. He was immediately served three large custard filled doughnuts which he ate happily with a cream tea. He sat, hiding one arm, one hand softly stroking his belly. He thought about bringing a box home to Sherlock but well... that might give him away. Best to be careful.
Sherlock nodded eagerly.
on cooking, so she's got a week to prepare just about every recipe she knows," Sherlock chuckled, then stood, crossing to his boyfriend and kissing the man's forehead.
"What happened to yours?" the piggy responded, leaning in to bite the roll of fat flubbing over the other man's side, sucking a deep mark onto the love handle. The other man moaned.
!" He moaned, his pulse racing
And John? John was the most obtuse unobservant
He reached over to put the kettle on and then stepped up on tiptoe to get the mugs and tea bags out of the cupboards, the knot on his robe riding up over his belly as it pressed out onto the counter. John quickly righted himself again and set about making tea.
Sherlock grunted around the mass of food in his mouth and ambled back over to the young crying woman.
Seeing John in danger seems to shake Sherlock just a bit out of his 'little' headspace, but he keeps on the innocent mask. Only on, and  the pair of frightful eyes watching the screen next to the bloated criminal recognize what the detective is doing.
He tore off his jumper and shoved down his trousers, grinning as he revealed the tight black spandex that was holding him in.
*****
"Last slice...split it?" He asked with a hiccup.
"Piggies need more feed, boss," he reported, looking over at Jim, his muscular arm draped over the back of the seat.
He took another with a low happy groan
Sherlock read the text, lifted the box, and moved outside to hail a cab
"John" Sherlock repeated, dumbly, feeling himself sink into the perfect sphere, his hands reaching out to squeeze at those enormous love handles, daring to sink his bony fingers into them, gripping and caressing.
"Oh, yeah. Thanks," said John, taking the opportunity to cram down more of the butter slathered bread before his flat mate returned. He gulped down his tea, humming softly and rubbing at his belly, feeling the roundness that was pushing out against the tight spandex beneath his jumper. He found his navel and prodded it, then quickly stopped before he was tempted to travel further south. He ruffled his newspaper again and awaited his tea.
"Good," said John, smiling and popping one into his own mouth, his slightly softened jawline shifting with his chewing motions. "There's plenty to go around. I was about to make tea. "
One bullet left. John can only hope there aren't any more of the bastards around. He takes aim and fires at the last one, then walks past where it lays twitching and dying in a squirmy tangle of legs. He can hear music from somewhere. It's oddly muffled, coming through a wall. He presses his ear to it, feeling the brick hard gingerbread go soft at his touch. John pulls away, frowning. The bricks he touched have become beautifully golden, as if freshly baked. He can even feel the warmth radiate from them. The rest, untouched, remain solid, old, and dry.
Then all blood drains out of the detective’s face.
"Sh-sh-huh-huh- oh FUCK!"
Sherlock lowers his shirt and sucks in his lower belly, the small pooch turning concave once again.
"Alright," agreed John, smiling at how agreeable Sherlock seemed. It was good to see him eat too. He changed and came down in a cuddly jumper and sweatpants. He was still in the shaper, but this way... well it suited a lazy Sunday. And he could stretch it further without being discovered.
"Oooh… don't think i can move," he groaned, rubbing the side of his bloated middle. He belched and the organ gurgled in agreement. He reached out to rub Sherlock’s chest gently. He hadn’t had a meal like that in centuries.
In the four months Lestrade had been dating Mycroft the two of them had put on nearly one hundred pounds. The sight of the massive guts, swishing and jiggling next to one another on the dance floor made him....sick?
John jerks away.
"That so?" The stranger smiled, collecting a small sampling of finger foods and passing Sherlock the plate. "Well I'm glad of it. Ages of the same parties, the same faces, the same couples... it does drag on after some time. I’m tempted to do away with the whole ordeal out of boredom, frankly."
He smiled at his lover in a soft love-sick sort of way as they broke to breathe.
"Yes, God!" Greg moaned, his hand scrabbling for another. "No, no, come on! It can't be empty!"
"Y-yes! Fath kismash haz to come, I wanted... what did I want?" Sherlock asked, slumping into his lover, rubbing his cheek against the doctor's sandy hair
Mrs. Holmes suddenly reemerged and John quickly jolted up, trying to suck in his belly, his abdominals aching after only a few seconds. Sherlock followed, a touch more slowly, wavering as he hauled himself up and closer to the table. John watched his lover's belly clench slightly. A hiccup? Sherlock was blushing now, his mouth still covered by one hand.
at me!" He rolled his hips, his fat jiggling against John's hot hands and pulsing cock
Sherlock watched John through their kitchen window as he left for his run, this morning only affirming how utterly besotted he was with the gorgeous doctor, cleaning up the kitchen and removing his carton of chocolate ice cream from the freezer, downing massive spoonfuls of the creamy, fatty treat as he did the dishes, then called the pizzeria, agreeing to their two for one special. He wondered if John could eat an entire pizza, flushed, and finished the carton much faster than he originally thought he would.
!' followed by the only girl's voice,
Her eyes prickling furiously, tears welling, threatening to spill over at any moment, Molly turned in a swirl of white lab coat and shoved past John into the hallway. She bolted to her office and locked the door behind her. She threw herself into her desk chair, had a bit of a sniffle and kicked her trash bin a few times until she calmed down. Molly drew a deep breath and blew her nose, then righted the bin she had knocked over and straightened her lab coat. It was just Sherlock, after all. And she could have performed a necropsy on Toby but that just didn’t seem important. He had been getting on in years. And Molly was a very good pathologist.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ah-ah, Johnny, you're making a terrible mess. None of that. DON'T PLAY WITH YOUR FOOD!"
“Yeah, alright,” John laughed.
"Oh it’ll be cold if you shower!" Sherlock hurried, pushing the glass of whole milk into John's hands. "Just change and meet me down here, I’ll just bring the boxes into the living room," he offered, picking up a slice and munching on it before taking the boxes in his hands.
His hands reached out without thinking to grab at and squeeze the man's new swirls of sweet caramel
"A-As many sweets as you want! Whatever you want! C-Case done." Sherlock moaned, baring his neck to the massive man
"That bar man is taking his time isn't he?" John murmured a short while later, finally having the sense to switch to water as well. "Are you sure it's him? He looks a nice sort of bloke."
Sherlock shrieks in pain, and by the second blow he’s sobbing again, his overfilled, now completely soft stomach not able to take this much rough pressure.
"Or should I... keep eating?"
"My um...brother invited me." Sherlock lied, his fat little middle quivering as he popped in another stuffed mushroom, watching the soft men and women in the great ball dance and twirl, losing sight of My and Greg.
“Din-“
John looks around for a utensil that won't crumble at his touch. A silver fork is suddenly laying on the table behind him.
Molly sat down quickly back in her office, still blushing wildly. She knocked a few papers off of her desk and swore politely at them before settling herself in front of her computer and trying to do a few hospital forms rather than thinking of what was happening on her exam table. That would need a good clean in the morning. Though John was a doctor himself so he knew- Molly quickly thought of something else as a hot and muscular, thrusting and very naked John Watson suddenly popped into her mind. Well. It had rather given her an idea in regards to managing Sherlock’s rudeness. She would have to try implementing it tomorrow. Just stop by his favorite chippy on the way to work and… yes. Worth a try at least.
anything related to this awful holiday!" The curly haired skeleton growled, stomping toward the kitchen.
His arse swelled and spread against the countertop. Nonexistent, flat bone becoming two softballs, then melons, then full blown, bubbly spheres of lard that wobbled and shook against the marble of 221b, pushing both men away from the counter as those cheeks rose up and over in, beach ball of an area indented by the hard, impassive stone.
"I'm going to go lay down a bit," John called, as he waddled to their bedroom and flopped down. He massaged his belly, marveling at how tight the skin felt, how much it arched up under his chest. He grabbed a handful, jiggled it a bit. His finger slipped into his navel and drew small circles. John's breathing grew rough and uneven, the weight on his midsection somehow... God...
Sherlock mumbled something, letting out a small yelp as Greg shook him slightly by the collar.
“Stay?” he muttered, the order sounding oddly like a plea.
"Just a bit more left," said John, reaching up to help Sherlock with the bottle as the man took a breather again. The detective immediately let out a monstrous wet belch, clutching his stomach and groaning. John gave the detective's belly a pat and then pushed the bottle to Sherlock's lips again.
What was he planning? No he...Yes. He had to try it. Just...stuff himself silly and get it out of his system. A bit of Thai, a bulging gut, a quick wank and then he was back to normal, that made sense.
"We should order
Sherlock rolled his eyes but removed his hand, burping softly, oftentimes groaning, feeling marvelously fat and full.
Sherlock pulled back a moment, "Th-the tape? For you too?" Sherlock almost laughed, but was too busy exploring his new-found Fat John , squashing his gut further into the doctor as he moved his hands to squeeze and play with John newly developed breasts
"Ready?" he murmured, lifting his gut up and letting it fall onto Sherlock's lower back as he lined himself up.
Oh, John was home.
Then he chuckled and dug right back in. "I can still-hurp manage some pie even after this."
Still, Sherlock could tell that John was suffering as the first anniversary of Mary's death approached. If there was a sure way to infer on the doctor's well being, it was through his eating habits. Food was important to John, Sherlock knew. The man hounded him about it constantly. A happy John ate merrily and took seconds and softened under that jumper. A tormented John picked at his meals or had to be reminded of them. As it was, John seemed more and more agitated as the day approached. The tumbler of scotch replaced his evening tea. His appetite faded. Sherlock could feel the man's stomach growl as he held him at night. Sometimes he persuaded him to have a couple of biscuits. But a couple of biscuits wasn't enough to sustain his John. Fortunately, Sherlock had an idea.
"Let yourself go a bit haven't you?"
Sherlock gave a small smile, eyes still closed and dozy. “I don’t mind. As long as you remember that I am yours and yours alone.”
John gives his detective a small warm smile before the patients start screaming again. "Come on!" He manages to haul Sherlock up and they tumble through the door Moran had entered from.
"Well, well,”she says, licking her lips, "What have we here?" She smiles, her mouth full of pointed teeth
"Sure. What do we both like?" he said, slathering the bread first with butter. He chose black currant. It was sweet and thick and sticky, but not cloyingly so. He cut it in half and passed one piece to Sherlock.
"I'll get some more cookies! Don't move!" He cheered, given John one last, deep snog before dashing from the room
He stroked at his chin, sipping his tea and then choosing a citrusy orange marmalade, merging with the butter, cutting its sweetness to a soft edge.
Sherlock moaned and whimpered around Greg's cock, feeling his softened cheekbones press into the man's massive gut as he hollowed his cheeks and sucked down the length of Greg's shaft once more, his head beginning to give slow bobs around it
"I...gods" He breathed, swallowing hard.
"No, you're right about that," he admitted, kissing his lover's cheek, "His belly's supposed to be all round and jolly isn't it?" He settled into Sherlock, just relaxing and thinking. The thought formed without John even realizing where it had come from.
"Sherlock," he says gently, softly, as to not disturb the room, but also to try to coax the detective out of hiding. "Don't let him get to you. It's not true. He's just saying that to upset you. You're fine. Really. We'll get you out of here and back to normal. Promise. Look at me. Please?"
"Starving. I needed a big full breakfast."
******
"You are beautiful," John growled, rutting against him so that his weight jiggled and shook, "Fuck, you are gorgeous. Perfect. Pristine."
"Hungry were you?"
A glimmer in the corner catches his eye and John steps out of the circle of light to get a better look. A camera. Okay. So very not good.  The ex-army doctor weighs his gun in his hand, uncertain, then walks over to inspect one of the walls. His hand come back gritty.
"Y-yes, please," he said, letting his mouth fall open, trying to push up his belly into John's massive gut.
It's almost terrifyingly bright. Spots dance in front of John’s eyes and he can't see a thing. The soldier crouches down, hoping his eyes will adjust soon, but the spots seem to linger.
"Mm, it’s all really good. What's one day of gluttony then?" he joked, secretly cheering that he was getting to eat an entire pizza along with Sherlock. Oh God, and now he was leaning into him. He almost wrapped his arm around him. John swallowed.
John looked up from the pancakes. He licked his lips. "Oh. Yeah. It is isn't it?"
As it happened, Sherlock did arrive at the morgue the next morning to apologize. Molly had to do her best not to blush as she accepted it. Before long however, Sherlock was back to his old tricks, trying to get yet another liver or gallbladder out of her. Now once or twice she could write it off as a fluke, but twice in one week?
“Good,” purred Sherlock, wrapping his arms around his John, “We can call the caterers in the morning. I’m imagining an extravagant buffet…”
They managed to waddled over to the desk, which Sherlock leaned over, knees able to relax as he leaned onto it, belly squashing lightly against it, ass wide and open in the air behind him
"We need to keep moving," John decides, hearing something rustling at the back of the room again. He holds up his gun, ready. He sees movement, but doesn't fire yet. But do they go in... or back to the hall? Bread crumbs... bread crumbs. Something rustles again and John grabs Sherlock’s wrist, tugging the detective behind a bookcase.
John had relieved himself of his coat and was pouring more wine at the bedside of a towering four poster bed, draped in rich fabrics. His waistcoat looked all the more strained, himself all the rounder and plumper, his waistband moments from snapping open and letting all of him spill out.
The tape clicks off
"Maybe take the volume off? We might notice... er, more," said John.
Ah, Sherlock. Sherlock’s here now with a drink. John gulps the thick milkshake from the huge pitcher that Sherlock pours down his throat. John obediently sits back on his haunches, gulping it as fast as Sherlock gives it to him, his belly swelling towards his knees, growing almost absurdly round.
He moaned loudly at the warmth, the sheer richness of Sherlock's lifeblood. It was enough to make him heady, to make his toes curl. He moaned again and kept drinking, gulping greedily, his body thrusting against Sherlock, his knuckles white against the bedspread as he drank and drank and drank. His belly was filling and expanding, bloating as if he had consumed a monstrous feast of his own. But he didn't stop. It was too good. Too delicious, so rich. His belly gurgled.
His dark blue eyes twinkled merrily as he stepped forward, his mouth obscured by the snowy white beard, a hand on his bulbous middle.
Sherlock came moments after, panting, purring as John kissed and worshiped him, feeling perfectly crushed.
"No more sweets today," the doctor says sternly, looking Sherlock right in the eye. Maybe that can communicate with whatever the spell's done to him. John kneels, still keeping a close watch on the detective, and takes the tape player from the skeleton's fingers. Then he hits play.
“Good,” Sherlock rumbles into his ear with every thrust of his hips and tug of John’s cock, “You earned this. You ate yourself so round for me. So fat.  My fat little piggy, John.”
"I forgot to bring you your food," he said, imagining John hungrily munching it down, those abs giving way to a massive, furry gut. He coughed lightly, letting out a small hiccup as his bloated belly shifted angrily under its lacey confines.
"Now you," he commanded, lounging back to watch. One hand trailed down over his stomach and began playing with his deep navel.
"N-n" Is all John manages to choke as Sherlock starts eating. He watches helplessly as the detective’s stomach fills and bloats yet again. John closes his eyes. God, he can't believe Sherlock is doing that on his account. He hates it. John should be protecting
"You-You mean all that time you were just, just stuffing yourself?" Sherlock flat-out moaned, whimpering as his fattened lover sucked his pudgy fingers.
"Sherlock..." he groaned, forgetting his immense hunger for a moment.
"Mmm... oink, oink," he teased, smirking around his next bite. His breath shuddered as Sherlock palmed his crotch. He began rocking into the man's hand lightly, his belly quivering and shaking. He ate between gasps, hungrily, even as his gut was stuffed full and so very round. Jesus, he was fat.
The detective tries to vomit, but something in his throat won’t let him. Sherlock’s eyes widen in fear as he can’t stop himself from shoving in his tenth cinnamon bun
"J-Jawn!" he whimpers, his tone scared, at least four of the creatures running out from under the table now.
“J-Joh-oooh yes!” Sherlock responded, flattening himself obediently against the wall. “All yours. All of me!”
"He's not m-" and John stops himself, oddly alarmed at how fast that phrase just rolls off his tongue. He looks to Sherlock
He smirked and pressed into Sherlock, his belly bumping into the detective. So he liked this? They both liked this? Oh God... he was going to get so fat over the winter...
idea. You find each other… Soon. Or you both die. Have fun!"
Sherlock gasped, excited
There's no response from Sherlock, just sniffles, so John turns back and catches the detective hiding in his sleeve. The doctor’s heart breaks a little, seeing that those words somehow got to Sherlock.
feeding me like this,
"Mm, I know, I've got you," John purred, smiling and moving in to prepare Sherlock again. He watched, eyes heated, as Greg's lips parted. The DI shuddered and swayed, stepping closer to support his massive body as Sherlock kissed his member.
"Yeah, you do."
"What happened to those abs?" he asked, voice loving, aroused.
He held it out to the man, "We could...save this. If you ever want to join Greg and I" He offered, "We...never have to work again. Every day could be eating and making love" He kissed the top of the man's head, "The choice is...yours." He huffed, leaning back, looking up at the smiling copper above him
He chuckled again, so very kindly. "But yes. You were very good this year, Sherlock. I'm not surprised in the least."
The figure stepped forward without touching the floor, chubby toes not even disturbing the dust beneath them. The calves were thick, shapely. The thighs rolling as they rubbed together. A long semi-turgid cock lay nestled atop of them amidst bright golden hairs that then disappeared beneath the curve of a massively heavy belly with a deep navel. The belly shook and wobbled even as the figure came to a stop just a few inches from Sherlock, the tits atop it jiggling, pert brown nipples and golden flecks of hair taking shape. His hips were wide and plush, thick bitable love handles layered atop them generously, a wide fat arse rounding behind him.
Sherlock shrugged, and put the mug back down. Funny. He was trying to be funny. He always knew, in the old days, how to make John laugh.
The latch in the door clicked, and John let himself inside, to find a staircase leading to the second floor. He climbed it, and let himself in through the door he found at the top, an old wood panelled affair, with an inset frosted glass pane, the words
Predictably, the bag was gone. He went upstairs and looked through the linen closet, and the areas he'd yielded to Mark, when Mark had moved in: the left half of the bedroom closet; the lower three dresser drawers.
John woke up in a hospital room, knowing the place instantly by the scent of disinfectant, and the distant buzz of nurses' chatter in the hall outside. It was dark in the room, dark outside the window. His first impulse was to check the time.
John leaned against the corner of the kitchen counter, closing his eyes. It was just before midnight. He had to assume that Mark could come home any time.
"Marriage is a sign of unity and loyalty, which all should uphold and honour," the vicar continued. "It enriches society and strengthens community. No one should enter into it lightly or selfishly, but reverently and responsibly in the sight of almighty God."
If the dregs of Moriarty's organisation had continued the project he had started, then it had to mean something, that John was the focal point of their activity. They'd decided, apparently, that the best way to destroy Sherlock was to take away, as he'd put it himself,
Sherlock hitched in his steps, as though his body were momentarily frozen, then carried on walking. If he hadn't been paying such close attention, John might have missed it.
Yet, standing next to the man who would soon take him home, who shared his bed and with whom John tried to share his life, as best he could—he felt like he was cheating, like he was betraying Sherlock, who should have been this, who could have been, if Sherlock had wanted it, if he'd only wanted John, taken John, for everything he was worth. Not much, perhaps, but John wondered, every day, if he could have been enough.
He took a deep breath. There were things he did know. Truths he'd tested, and come to rely on. He was no longer ashamed of what he was. And he knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that there was good in him: the good, simple beauty that happened when he didn't shut down. He'd worked on himself. He'd come to understand what Sherlock meant to him. He would honour that now. If not for Sherlock, then for himself.
"The name of the church, where they were doing the bonfire." Mark smiled, his eyes shining as he looked at John.
William grinned. "That too."
He wasn't wrong. Mark lived in the shadows. That was who he was, what he was: a shadow.
"You look very nice." Sherlock's eyes were shining now, as his gaze lingered on the watch and chain.
When it was all done, John took out the pack of large freezer bags he'd bought at Tesco's on the way home, and sealed the tablet and battery inside one, pushing out all the air he could, so it laid flat. Having assured himself that the tablet was as safe as it could be from water damage, he went into the shed, and fetched a shovel.
Sherlock's expression was carefully neutral. "Good afternoon."
"After a fashion."
Sherlock smiled. "Kew Gardens."
"Is this him?" John asked.
He didn't ask.
John smiled down at the screen, his heart expanding painfully in his chest. It wasn't much, just a simple text, but it meant everything. He replied:
"Oh, a little," Sherlock said, his gaze moving to the wall above the sofa.
"Yeah. Me and Sherlock."
"You sure you're all right?" Mark ran his hand down John's forearm, and squeezed his hand. "Hey. Look at me."
John had been kidnapped just before then, and taken directly to the bonfire. Mark must have just about been at Baker Street. The timeline didn't quite make sense. John felt like he'd missed something, misremembered some detail. Then again, he'd still been drugged, and half asleep, when Mark had explained it all.
Sherlock handed him his coat. "You have to leave, John."
"Tell me you packed the pillowcases I made you," Violet said. "John?" she bent down and looked into his face. "He's starting to fade."
John shot him a smile. "You don't call me
Saturday morning, he'd waited until Mark left for the gym, and then taken his bike to the electronics store, riding through the bright, cold morning air. Now, he stood, and chewed his lower lip, and stared at the box in his hands, with its friendly green logo, and picture of a camera mounted on a tree.
Sherlock shifted from one foot to the other, then walked toward John, as handsome as any groom, as thunderously beautiful as the sky before a storm. He crawled up over the foot of the bed, up over John, his cock dragging against John's crotch as he straddled him, avoiding the area above John's knee, where John's injury throbbed in time to his quickening pulse.
"Mm. You're a smart man." Mark's pupils were blown, his cheeks flushed red. "Tell us what you've guessed."
"Hi?"
A fresh stream of guilt poured through John. He'd flirted with Sherlock, propositioned him, before Sherlock was ready. Set him up to expect more, and then pretended he hadn't meant it. He wouldn't blame him for returning to old habits. John would still hold him accountable, still try to help, but he could hardly blame him. "You haven't—"
Mark's eyes were glittering in the dark, his breath moving across John's cheek. "Well, we're all addicts, in a sense, aren't we?"
John felt a weight pressing down next to him. He waited, helplessly, as fingers pressed the side of his neck, against his pulse point. A thumb lifted his eyelid. He tried to relax, keeping his breathing slow, as a light shone into his open eye, and Mark's face appeared briefly, frowning down at him.
But only because Mrs. Hudson had asked politely.
"It’s alright, I’m alright." Sherlock tilts John’s chin up to look into his eyes, they’re 100 percent detective, even though Sherlock can barely hear himself speak over the music.
He waited.
Sherlock gasped, then whimpered as he became flush with John's massive middle, burying his head into the crooked of the man's neck with a groan, hurriedly straightening, stopping himself from kissing the man's shoulder.
“Say it again! Who do you belong to?”
"Uh, sure, why not," said John, checking his blanket yet again and still stuffing down his meal. Half gone - Christ- normally he'd be eating it all but-
Colonel Moran appears to be... over 230 lbs of pure muscle, bare minimum. Sherlock’s not entirely sure of his own weight, but he knows he’s certainly big.
"Great, you can spare another minute then," John retorted, turning back to the mirror as he heard Sherlock's shoes go back down the hall and a soft thump that meant the detective had flung himself onto the sofa. John had spent every second of those last 20 minutes fretting. He normally handled this sort of thing well. He was curious to meet the famed 'Mummy' that Sherlock and Mycroft always seemed to be squabbling about. And to meet Sherlock's father of course. John supposed he just wished that he had met them before he began a romantic relationship with their doubtlessly treasured youngest son. He imagined older, harsher, Sherlock's, each capable of x-raying his very soul, seeing through the army doctor to the broken adrenaline junkie. John sighed and straightened his tie. Then he stepped out.
"No I don't," Sherlock said. The smile didn't quite manifest, but he chuckled, low in his throat.
Sherlock started walking away. "Perfectly safe as long as we avoid touching the rails."
Mark closed his eyes and grinned, breathless, barely able to speak. "More than you know. The things I've done."
John began to realise that he was in real danger.
"Sure you don't want to come over here?" Mark asked, his head tilting.
He used a spoon to squeeze the tea bag, forcing it to steep, a thick jumble of emotions running through him. Sherlock really did care about him, really did love him. These complete strangers, these absolute villains, had seen it when John couldn't.
He sighed raggedly. He couldn't help how badly he'd handled things, but he could try to make it up to her, going forward.
John smiled at the woman. He knew what this was. Sherlock had sent her. She was one of his homeless network.
"I don't know if you ever—I don't know if you want this. I don't know if you feel things this way, or if it's men, or if it's no one, or—I just. Please, just let me—"
With a murmured
He regarded his former self with a mix of pity and self loathing. He'd been so needy, so willing to go ahead with anything on the off chance that it would make him feel something positive again. But it had never been love. He and Mark had never so much as said the words. For all that they'd shared a bed and shared their bodies and tangled their lives together, John had never said I love you, and Mark had never, either. It wasn't them. It wasn't how they spoke to each other.
"I mean, no. Why do you ask?"
Sherlock's eyes tracked Mark, until the restaurant door swung shut behind him. He flinched as if he'd been struck, and shrank down in his chair, as if words had run out for him, and, in leaving him, had made him smaller.
A familiar voice sounded through the crackling flames, booming: "Move! Move!" Sherlock.
John sniffed. "Well. I'd say that's accurate." He faked a smile.
Sherlock's hand, resting in John's, was loose and cupped, as if he didn't know what to do with it. John turned the hand over, the same hand that he'd held as he took Sherlock's pulse, or tried to, the day he died. He ran his thumb across the back of it.
John was still furious. At the same time, he felt wrung out, worn down. It wasn't Mark he should be angry at. It was Sherlock, who'd responded to John's confession by viewing him as another piece on his personal chessboard.
Finally, he'd begun to see a way to let go of all that.
"Good morning." Mark glanced behind himself, checking that the break room was clear. He stepped through the doorway, wrapped his arms around John's shoulders, and kissed him on the lips. "How are you?" Mark asked. "You look tired."
In the cab, on their way home, after the graveyard, John leaned over and touched Mark's cheek, and planted a kiss there, Mark's quarter inch of beard rough under his lips.
John stared at the flowers decorating Sherlock's grave. Maybe they were from some of Sherlock's fans. They'd been coming back around, now that Sherlock's name had been cleared. The blog had seen a lot more traffic lately.
Sherlock shivered, and pulled back.
Fortified by the tea, and by the clarity he could finally bring to the situation, he took a deep breath.
Like a rabbit out of a hat, John's head cleared in the first week of December. He simply woke up, the Monday morning after he'd tried to square things away with Sherlock, and felt like himself again. For a few moments, lying in bed that first, good day, he wondered if his conscience were really clear, and if he could, in fact, move forward with his life. Tentatively optimistic, he probed the edges of everything he'd been through, the situation with Mark, his feelings for Sherlock, but he could feel the ashes he still held in his heart, his bleak dissatisfaction with everything, and he knew that wasn't it.
His break was almost over, when another text came through.
John pulled his hand away, but kept Mark pinned. "Why don't you start by telling me what I'm dealing with, and what you have to offer. I've been thinking about that talk we had. Time to change things up. New career. Since we're to be married, I want to know exactly who you are."
He'd slept like he'd taken something. Like he'd been given something. He'd thought he was sick. He'd run blood tests to see if there was anything wrong, but he'd never run a tox screen.
"Sure."
They ate quietly for the next few moments, exchanging talk about the food. Sherlock told John about the restaurant he'd gotten it from.
His heart was so full, he was sure she could read it all over him, his smile illuminated by everything he felt. He watched her sift through the possibilities, and then reach some sort of understanding. She was brilliant, his sister. Just as smart, in her own way, as Sherlock was. She smiled, and leaned in, and whispered in his ear.
John frowned at the idea that somehow Mark knew Mrs. Hudson's business better than he did. He was running to catch up. He had no idea when, or how, he'd fallen so far behind. "I'm always nice."
He took a deep breath, opened the post editor, and selected the option to turn off comments. He went back to the post itself and checked it: the
John pulled him down again, and pressed his cheek to Sherlock's, and held him close, one arm wrapped around Sherlock's waist, the other over his shoulder.
John shook his head, brushing aside the apology. It was irrelevant. "You knew, didn't you? That it was due to go off. You got us here just in time to stop it." He growled the words, flames of desire licking his skin.
So he'd come with a resolution in his heart, to say a last, silent prayer, to finally let go.
John was on his feet, wanting to move toward Sherlock, and at the same time, feeling as though he only had a limited time before he would be forced to bolt from the flat. It was a beginning, he supposed, his heart turning inside out. The whole thing felt wrong, a harsh series of notes clashing with the way he wanted things to be. He battled with himself, schooling his features, reminding himself of how badly it had gone for him, the last time.
And John did. Denied for too long, his hands roamed, down over Sherlock's hip, and up to cup his face, fingers pushing into Sherlock's curls. He found his way under the hem of Sherlock's shirt, fingers running over the taut skin of his back, feeling raised bumps, and welts in thick lines. Sherlock was scarred. Terrible things had been done to him. John would care for him, look after his scars, ask after them, later. After.
John watched him, cautious. Mark seemed so sure of his place, so unconcerned about it all.
Sherlock turned to look over his shoulder at John, and for a moment, John thought he caught a glimpse of something unsteady in that gaze. Then they were back in Westminster Station, emerging into the light, walking down the corridor to the exit.
also gave John pause. Not Mark's usual style at all. He pulled on a pair of jeans, put his cardigan on over the t shirt he'd slept in, and went downstairs.
His hands shook as he typed another reply:
John resolved to be kinder, more attentive. "As soon as we can."
On Saturday morning, he rose early. Mark had already left the flat—out for his Saturday morning trip to the gym. John walked the neighbourhood, heading for the nearest park, with its quiet paths through tall trees. The autumn air was sharp and damp. The yellow leaves of ash, and the red and orange leaves of oak, covered the lawns. He kicked his way through them, as one thought repeated itself, over and over, one hope, answered by one incontrovertible truth: Sherlock Holmes was alive, and in the world.
Wednesday went like the first day back at work after a holiday usually did: routines moving like rusty gears; the hitch and grind of patient after patient, each one full of typical post-holiday complaints: indigestion, nervous exhaustion, flu.
Back in the kitchen, he plugged them in, and shed his winter coat, suddenly too warm. He punched the tablet's power button, impatient to see whatever his security setup had captured, frustrated with himself. He could have been gathering data, all this time.
"Doctor Watson."
The vicar had somehow taken his place without John or Mark noticing.
His clothes still smelled strongly of smoke, his trousers smudged with dirt. His hair probably reeked of bonfire, too. He needed a shower, and a change of clothes, before he went to Baker Street. He headed for the nearest tube station, still deep in the sense memory of the night before.
"Upstairs," John demanded. He grabbed Mark's t shirt, bunching the fabric in his fist. "Now. I need these clothes off."
Sherlock paused at the bottom of the stairs, his eyes shining, his old devil of a smile back again. "Westminster Station, John. We're going underground."
It explained a lot, actually. Men. Not women.
Sherlock hadn't said anything yet, not really, but John had spent the entire trip home wondering how things would unfold between them, the next time they met, and the next, once he was free.
He arrived home sometime later with an 1879 edition of Pasteur's
John couldn't reply. He nodded, stiffly.
Sherlock gasped, the sound becoming part of their shared breath, contained in the space between them.
John found himself smiling. "You mean like on a honeymoon?" Now that things had started to settle—and they had, he supposed—he could feel himself letting go of his resentment about that one secret. It was harmless enough. The kind of thing couples did for each other all the time.
A breathy noise escaped Mark's throat. He was smiling now. Pleased with himself, with John. "The more I got to know you, the more I knew that killing you would be a terrible waste. You're made for my sort of work, John. Steady under pressure, acclimatised to violence, field tested. Morally flexible. It's just your loyalties that are uncertain and—" he broke off to gasp as John slipped his hand into his pants, and took hold of him. Mark was gagging for it, exactly where John wanted him to be.
Bill shot John a sidelong glance, and leaned in close. "You got married for the case, didn't you?"
He couldn't think of another explanation for the way Sherlock had seemed to crumple, to drop whatever prank he was trying to pull. To look so pale. To sigh against John's ear, as John held him.
John dug around in his pocket for change, and handed the boys a pound each. They exchanged a look, eyes wide, and grinned at him, then took off at a run, the stroller wheels rattling, the Guy barely keeping his seat.
That was how it seemed, for the rest of the evening. They made a quiet dinner together. John insisted on sharing cooking duties, chopping vegetables, and keeping an eye on everything Mark did, ensuring that nothing he ate or drank had anything slipped into it.
"After," John repeated. He imagined Mark taking him home, knowing they were going to be together for the rest of their lives. He wondered what it would do for them, in bed, tonight. He smiled into his glass as he took another long drink.
"Hey." A woman's voice sounded from the office doorway.
John still held Mark's hands, but he couldn't help himself—he turned and glanced at Sherlock, who stood, hands folded in front of him, face downturned, left eyebrow raised, as he surreptitiously looked at John, and Mark, and smiled sadly, then looked back at the ground as if he wanted to crawl into it. John forced himself to face Mark, to gaze into his eyes. More than one performance going on in the church today.
He turned to watch the van drive closer, Mark's face, his customary grin, clearly visible through the windscreen. Mark wasn't above killing civilians. John took a step back, and held very still, his hands out at his sides, his grand plan, such as it was, over before it had begun.
Over by the turnstiles, thirty metres away, Sherlock was still talking to Greg, gesticulating wildly, and pacing. Despite the distance, and the sound-distorting echoes of the open, tiled area between them, John heard him say, "Boom!" as he lifted his arms over his head.
"Mr. Holmes," a voice called, from outside the car. "Mr. Holmes, Sir. Exit the carriage, if it's safe."
"Hmm?" He was aware his voice was dreamy, as he followed the light of Sherlock's torch. He forced himself to focus. Someone had attached small square packets to the sides of the vent, all the way up. John knew what they were. "Demolition charges."
Sherlock looked into the sitting room, over John's head. John turned, following his gaze. Just like Mrs. Hudson had said, the crime wall was empty. A thick sheaf of papers sat in a folder on the coffee table, under the empty basket in which Sherlock sometimes liked to keep apples.
Nothing irretrievable had happened to him or Sherlock yet. Mark had lied, and drugged John, and killed people, at least one of whom Mark had been close to. He'd manipulated John's feelings and managed his relationship with Sherlock to fit the configuration he wanted.
She shook her head. "Oh, no. Couldn't do that."
"Oh." The comment was meant to throw John off. He was sure of it. Another dare, another invitation to enter into the argument they'd had before. He wouldn't take the bait.
The weekday morning routine started up after that. The camera on the back fence showed John going into the yard, fetching his bike from the shed, and leaving through the side gate. The next image was from the camera in the shrubbery at the front of the house, which caught a shot of the back wheel of his bicycle as he hit the road. The camera above the front door had recorded Mark leaving a bit later, getting into the car, which they kept parked on the street, and driving away.
"Well, that makes two of us, then." Sherlock watched him fondly, his hands settling at his sides, the two of them crammed into the space between the chairs, barely a foot and a half between them.
"Very good. I've kept you long enough. Let's get you out of this. I'll wrap it up for you."
John scrubbed at his face, his chest heavy, his stomach churning, wishing that he could go with them. The sick, hollow feeling he'd carried with him since the day Sherlock died was still there, despite everything that had happened, everything that had changed. Sometimes, when he thought about Sherlock too much, he felt as though his heart were nothing: rattling, desiccated, pretending to beat inside his cage of bones.
"Blue one's yours," he told John. "Extra cheese."
He thought for a long moment before typing a response. He shouldn't be talking about this with Harry, but night after night of bad sleep, and working to hold his own against Mark, had left him with a hollowed out feeling, and he knew that if he had something to hang onto, some hope, he might be able to weather it.
"What?"
"Well, I'm not there, so it's unlikely your double will be targeted, and Greg has his gun. It's as safe as it can be."
Violet was staring at Sherlock in disbelief. "Goddamn," she said.
"So you see," John said, "you were right, about the operative in the clinic."
Did Sherlock care about him? Could he care about him, in the ways that mattered?
"And I don't know. I'm great with a racquet. That's got to be worth something."
. "Just give us a moment, would you?"
After the shower, he checked in the mirror to make sure the scratch wasn't oozing, and patted it dry carefully with a tissue. With a towel wrapped around his waist, he moved into the bedroom, seeking fresh clothes.
John grinned as he read. He certainly would be, soon.
John forgot to be still, his entire body wanting, as he thrust himself into Sherlock's hand, and Sherlock's fingers slipped over him, and their mouths found each other again, and John was filled with reverence, and shaken to the core with disbelief, that this was finally happening, that it was all true and real and right, the two of them gasping out their desire at long last, through tender flesh and breath and blood, through the small rituals of lips and teeth and tongues, a consummation and a promise more sacred than any John could ever have made with words.
John recoiled, fighting a gut-deep urge to stand, to fight, to confront. Mark's hand moved up, to press into his chest, and John shifted, pretending to wake up, and covered Mark's hand with his own, tangling their fingers together. He could control that hand, if he needed to. Bend it back until the wrist locked. He rolled over, looking into the hollows of Mark's eyes. In the dark, it appeared there was nothing there at all.
Sherlock sighed. "John, there's something I should say, something I've meant to say always, and I never have. But since it's unlikely there will be any time between now and the wedding, I might as well say it now."
"Of course you will. Why wouldn't you?"
Sherlock didn't look up. The knuckles on the hand that gripped the poker were white. His face moved through a half dozen contortions, like he was trying to figure out exactly the right thing to say. "The food, in Serbia. At least in the place I was staying. You would have hated it."
"You could. If it would make you uncomfortable. I know you don't usually go in for this sort of thing."
He smiled down at the phone. He sincerely hoped she was right.
Whatever fear he was supposed to feel, for his life, for the explosion that threatened all around them, was completely secondary to the fear he felt for his heart, which was, even at this moment, throbbing with a certainty that was both terrifying and utterly liberating. It only wanted one thing.
He wanted John on his heels, wanted to see what would happen, if there were no time left, if they were both in mortal danger. Well. John would certainly show him.
The entire thing felt wrong, as if John were supposed to simply wait and see if he was still a target. He was angry with Sherlock, deeply frustrated by the way he'd been brushed aside, but the idea that he wasn't meant to help himself—that really rankled.
He knew beyond a shadow of a doubt, with everything that he had, that it would be worth it, waiting. Sherlock was worth waiting for. John had already waited two years, waited beyond the bounds of life and death. A few more days would be okay. He would survive them, and sort things out, and move on. He took a deep breath, and typed a message.
?" Sherlock sounded a bit stroppy. "Well, that's fickle. Last I heard you were the primary target."
"You called it a bolthole."
Mark looked at him, a single eyebrow raised. "No. She'll be away. Family vacation."
Then Sherlock's eyebrows quirked up, and his lips parted, and he let his breath out as if he'd been holding it, as if John was just the person he'd been waiting for.
This man couldn't be Sherlock. He looked so stunned, so utterly confused, and although he had come over to the table with something to say a moment ago, something about the champagne, he'd cut himself off, which was something that Sherlock would never have done.
The last thing John saw clearly was Sherlock, pushing out through the crowd, walking away, toward the front doors of the church. He was gone. Good. That was the plan, as far as John remembered. Sherlock, leaving him. So he could find him.
"Thank you for everything," John said.
John had gone with Mark over to the other side of the church, to the small Sunday school classroom Anika had arranged for Mark to use as a dressing room. Mark had smiled rakishly and made a joke about making sure John didn't see his suit before the ceremony. He'd kissed John on the forehead, and winked at him, before sending him on his way. Cath, who'd sat herself down in a child-sized plastic chair in the corner of the room, her lilac gown bunched all around her knees, had raised a glass of champagne to John, and told Mark to strip down to his knickers, laughing uproariously.
"I like him."
Sherlock lowered John gently down to the ground, and, moving back to Mark, towered over him. "John Watson is never going to die, and I think he'd probably agree with me that the best outcome as far as either of us is concerned is you, going to jail for the rest of your life, but I want you to know that if he really were in danger right now, you would never make it out of these woods alive. Now, do shut up." He struck Mark hard with the handle of his own gun. Mark's loud groans stopped abruptly.
"No." John tried to sit up in his chair, and ended up sinking down lower into the sagging seat. "Of course I'm not mad. Of course not."
As if on cue, there was the sound of a key turning in the front door lock, and the door opening, and closing again. John waited, in silence, in the kitchen, for whatever would come next.
Not a peace sign, John realised, his heart soaring. A
He really did have impeccable timing.
He hadn't noticed Mark coming to bed, remembered commenting on it, when he woke up in Mark's arms, just before he'd proposed.
John moved to his chair, shifted the Union Jack pillow so that it would sit squarely in the small of his back, and sat. He couldn't look at Sherlock's face, and say what he needed to say, so he watched Sherlock's knees, instead. They bounced a little, then stilled.
His voice.
He knew that Mark leaving the gun for him to find was part of the new pattern, that had started with Mark leaving the house in the middle of the night last night. He'd grown sloppy. It had to be deliberate. A tease. A breadcrumb trail for John to follow.
"Sherlock."
"I would have loved a postcard." He swallowed hard, and the joke died in his throat. "Or a word. It would have helped, if I'd known you weren't—" He cut himself off. It was too much, probably. He couldn't tell Sherlock the truth, that he would have waited for him. Put his life on hold. Tried to find him. Done anything.
So close.
He fetched a towel that he kept in his desk drawer, and used it to dry his hair. Then he opened his pack, to find that the rain had soaked through that, too. The clothes inside were just as wet as the ones he was wearing.
Jill had booked off two weeks for her vacation. Maybe Mark had chosen Jill to be the subject of his lie because she wouldn't be available to deny or confirm his story. He wondered if her body was stowed somewhere, anticipatory regret turning his stomach. He hadn't imagined that Mark would target a civilian, much less one he worked with.
Toward the bottom of the article, there'd been a picture of John and Mark, standing together, Mark's arm around John's back. The caption read:
He picked up the chair, slowly, deliberately, and put it back in its place at the table. Then he went back to the counter, and put on the kettle. Set up a mug for tea. Let his mind settle, even though his blood was boiling, even though he was gasping for a fight. He let his anger transform into something new: a sharp, hard focus. He needed to work through the implications of everything that had happened, see the chessboard for what it was, and where the pieces stood.
John and Sherlock had stopped him. John felt a sense of new optimism, as they worked through the details of the case with the Met. The two of them were a team again. It wasn't just that, though, that had John feeling as if the clouds had lifted: it was everything they'd said that afternoon.
Mark leaned in, gripping Sherlock's hand to hold him in place, and drew Sherlock into a hug that lasted far too long. "Thanks," he told Sherlock, watching John over Sherlock's shoulder. "I promise you, I'll make him very happy."
Meanwhile, John's heart urged him to grasp onto the other thing Mrs. Hudson had said. "He talks about me? He does?"
Behind Mark, Sherlock rubbed at his upper lip. The tips of his fingers came away black. The skin was red and raw.
"And you think Sherlock won't find me here? Before you have the chance to mess with my head?" John didn't want to play the conversation game any longer, but he had to keep Mark occupied, while he combed through George's actions once more, and tried to decipher his hand signals. They had to be deliberate. The man had all but declared his alignment with John, when he'd said that bit about all wars being the same.
He put the phone down, feeling utterly chastised, and just a tiny bit hopeful.
"Stephen!" John shouted. "Stephen! Watch out!"
"Best man? Look, you and I both know it shouldn't be Harry. You can't count on her to be sober. If you don't ask him, Sherlock's going to think you don't want him."
Partway through his break, the burner phone Sherlock had given him pinged. He'd kept it after their night together, a sort of symbol of everything that was to come. He pulled it out of his jacket pocket, to find a message from Sherlock.
"So you brought us here because no one knows about it. No one except Mycroft." John studied his plate, knowing that he needed to eat a bit, because somehow his wine glass was most of the way to empty. He took a few bites while Sherlock spoke.
As he'd spoken, Sherlock had begun to sound more agitated than resolved. John understood all too well, the frustration he must be feeling, but the tone in Sherlock’s voice was painful to hear. "Sherlock?"
John saw it all laid out now, moves and counter moves behind the scenes, just like at bonfire night: agents working against each other, one plan clashing with the other. He supposed, after a fashion, that Mark had been working to keep him safe, killing the agents who simply wanted John dead. Meanwhile, Mark had been murdering John in an entirely novel fashion, drugging him so he couldn't think, couldn't act, and keeping him away from the one thing he wanted, the one person who could make him happy.
The curtains were still wide open. Outside, George Challenger went about his business.
"Should we sleep separately tonight? Keep ourselves pure for tomorrow and all that?"
John reached out and held his hand. He felt the undertow of his life, pulling him out to sea once more, the same obligation he'd felt since Mark had first kissed him. Mark, after all, had helped John discover who he really was. John would honour that, do his best to make the wedding a good day, even though his heart could never be in it.
John's chest ached. He couldn't reconcile this new Sherlock, who'd been through so much, with the hurricane of a man he'd fallen for in the first place. "It does sound tedious."
He nodded, his voice tight in his throat. "Fine, yeah. Why do you ask?"
"About forty minutes before you nearly went up in flames."
"Shhh. Stop. Just stop." They were utterly alone, no phone signal, hundreds of feet of disused service tunnels between them and anyone else. Clever Sherlock, bringing them here. "I'm glad you're back. So glad. It's okay." John whispered the words. He stepped forward, leaving no space between them, his hand brushing against Sherlock's, where it hung uselessly by his side.
And another:
He remembered Harry's face, scrunched with delight, her fingers in her ears, as they watched the Guy explode, the dry leaves they'd stuffed him with catching fire, and sending tiny sparks up into the cold November night sky. Taking her hand, afterward, and walking her home, while she asked if they could do it all over again the next day.
At that exact moment, Cath came out of the reception hall too, adjusting the bodice of her dress as she went. She winked at Harry as she passed by the bar, on her way over to where the nurses, and Mark, were still talking and laughing together.
"So I'm sorry, Sherlock," Mark continued. "I truly am. But this is the way it has to be."
"Good." Sherlock was trying. It was hard for him, all of this. Hard for the both of them. John had made it hard.
"I think you'll find I can be very generous." Mark held John by the back of his neck, kissed him on the lips, hard and quick, and slipped his hand into John's trouser pocket. "Since you've been so good, here's a little present."  He stepped away.
John spoke soft and low into Mark's ear, his voice husky. "Okay, I'm basically undressing you now." Hands off, stepping back, he admired his work: Mark's dishevelled clothing, the flush in his cheeks, the deep red of his lips.
John only wished he could. He let the watch go, as Arthur Davies came back with the suit coat.
Sherlock shook his head. "I thought I saw a pattern there. Some operative in place. CIA, maybe, maybe something dingier, black ops, I don't know. Just when I was getting close, the trail went cold. Could be anyone. Could be no one. Could be you."
Mark took a step toward John, his head tilting to one side. "We're good then." A statement, not a question.
Sherlock looked up at something in the corner of the room. Looked like he was fighting the smile that quirked the corner of his mouth. He lost that fight, and broke out into a huge, unabashed grin. Beautiful. He was beautiful. "Exactly. You would have hated it. Like I said. Bad food. People, horribly rude. Serbian postcards, besides, entirely ugly."
John knew he had to be careful. He was one, small misstep away from running his fingers through Sherlock's curls, because one thing was abundantly clear: this was no stag night. It was most definitely a date, and it wasn't John alone who wanted it to be. There was no better explanation for how hard Sherlock had worked to get him alone, for the candles, the dinner.
Mark's voice came from the break room doorway.
John snorted laughter. Mark made it easy, so easy, to pretend that everything was fine, always. And maybe it was fine. They had their life together. A real, normal life.
Harry came to the hospital the morning after the rescue, weary from the drive north, tears standing in her eyes as she told John he was an idiot. "Brilliant, but an idiot." She asked if she could go out with him and Sherlock on cases, sometime in the future. "Getting a taste for it," she told them, grinning sheepishly.
, the day John had asked him to be best man.
John himself had been totally transparent too, apparently, because the network had known to send a man, instead of a woman, to seduce him, to infiltrate his life. It had been obvious to everyone but him. The skew of his attractions. The things that inspired him, moved him.
John watched Mark's face, his placid expression, in the dim half light of the early autumn dusk. He looked like a bit of a stranger.
John laughed, the wine hitting his system all at once. "I am a doctor. I'm
That was where Sherlock would come in, because tomorrow, it would finally, finally, be time to tell him what was going on. All John had to do was hold to the plan, and wait until he could get Sherlock alone for a few moments, to explain.
He sifted through the events of the night before, as he took a final turn around the park.
"He told me the whole plan. Couldn't seem to stop talking about it." Mark wore the same cheeky grin he always did, when he thought he was being funny. He was hard already, his breath punching out through his nose as John eased closer to him. Getting off on it, whatever it was he'd done to the
Violet frowned. "I'm a bit surprised you're still standing, to be honest. You were really putting it away earlier. The alcohol plus the drug should have put you under by now."
Mark was in the driver's seat beside him then, and all John could see was the red sleeve of his wool coat. People shouted their goodbyes as Mark pulled away, and John was gone, the world fading out to the sound of tyres crunching on the gravel driveway of the church car park.
"He told me to give this to you." Wiggins unlocked the phone, and hit dial on a contact number. He shook the phone at John. "You have to take it."
, he thought.
Mark was smiling at him, looking like he was ready to push him to the floor and have him right here, in front of everyone.
Harry had her arm around Mark's shoulders. She'd turned him, so he was facing away from Sherlock. She'd been saying something to him that must have made him happy—he was looking as pleased with himself as a cat who'd gotten into the milk.
He willed his breathing to be slow, and steady. It was not fine, but he could handle, it, or thought he could, until Mark nuzzled the back of his neck, and planted a kiss there.
Sherlock reached up and took John's lapel between his fingers, studying the boutonnière he'd placed there a few hours earlier. "To keep you occupied. Give you something to work towards, while he kept you on the hook for the wedding."
John rubbed his head, remembering his wedding clothes being taken away. The watch was gone, as was the suit coat, with Arthur Davies's marvellous tracking device embedded in it. He closed his eyes against the idea that he was lost. Never. As long as there was still breath in his body, he would find his way back to Sherlock.
The man looked like another one of Sherlock's collection of misfits, but he spoke with a quiet authority and dignity, and as he pulled away from the kerb and merged seamlessly into traffic, John relaxed a bit. He held the phone back up to his ear. "Are you still there?" he asked, wanting to hear Sherlock's voice one more time. And again, and again, until the day he died.
"I thought you liked that about me."
John had never imagined being taken to bed by another man. His fantasies had always involved quick fumblings in the dark: breathless, unthinking, rough. He'd never wondered if things between men could be romantic, but Mark had opened that door for him, undressed him, kissed him, slow and gorgeous and sweet, and taken care of him, had been gentle and tender, and just a little bit filthy. He'd eschewed terms of endearment, as if sensing, without needing to be told, that John couldn't bear being called anything nice, not after all his time alone, not after all the pain. Instead, Mark called him a
John climbed into bed at midnight, without any further word from Mark, turned out the light, and lay awake in the dark, blinking at the shapes of the furniture in the room. Waiting.
"To Sherlock."
"After all we went through." Her voice was strained. The lines around her eyes were a little deeper. She looked pale.
"Apologise later. Or don't. Perhaps we need to move past apologies, John. We have better things to spend our breath on, don't you think?"
He'd thought about his gun, as he pedaled harder and harder, and the mist turned to rain, slicking the streets. The gun was still locked away in the metal trunk he'd used as luggage after the army, and stored in the disused basement flat below Mrs. Hudson's. He'd asked her to hold it for him, along with a few other items from his time at Baker Street, when he moved out. He hadn't trusted himself to have it. Maybe it was time to ask for it back.
He found himself smiling. He hadn't seen kids following the tradition in years, although he and Harry had done it, on more than one occasion. He remembered taking fistfuls of coins to the shop, and buying cheap fireworks. They'd packed the Guy's pockets with as many as they could, and set him on top of the bonfire.
John watched Sherlock's torchlight move over the unfinished walls. There were no signs, no finishing touches. The entrances and exits were dark and forbidding. A place that never got to be what it was supposed to.
This was no stag night.
Bainbridge's gaze shifted to John, and he took a step toward him, breaking his military pose, eyes wide with fear.
The beekeeper lifted the lid on a hive, shuffled the frames around, laid out craft paper on the frame he'd exposed, then pulled a paper sack out of a canvas shoulder bag, and started setting out what appeared to be irregularly shaped, hard white cakes on the paper. He looked completely innocuous, just doing his job, ignoring the fact that John was watching him, if he'd even noticed John at all.
"Is my sister. She's never done much for me except need me to come peel her away from the pub on occasion. As for the rest of them, I never see the army crowd any more. There's nothing for me here. I think you know that very well." He'd been a target because of his isolation. That much was abundantly obvious. "You've got more friends in London than I do."
"Never said you were." Mark grinned at him.
"Yes," Sherlock said. "Okay."
He put the phone down on his desk, and rested his head in his hands.
John faltered in his steps, as Sherlock walked on ahead. He felt the pull toward Sherlock like a physical ache, even as he wondered if he should reply to Mark.
He took a deep breath, stood, paced the kitchen, then turned and went back to the table. He sat, and continued typing:
Mark was nodding and smiling. "Is that what you had with Mr. Hudson?"
When Mark came in, all rosy cheeked from exercise and the cold, his racquet bag slung over his shoulder, John told him he didn't want to talk about Sherlock. He asked if they could have a quiet night in, just the two of them. Dinner cooked at home, a bit of telly, and early to bed.
Cath shook her head, and raised a finger at him. "I see what you're doing. You're trying to keep me talking, hoping that I'll give it all away. You're not going to get me to tell you anything more about your honeymoon, Doctor Watson." She cast a glance over her shoulder, and giggled. "Not worth the risk."
"Lots of people, unfortunately. Sort of par for the course, this type of thing." His mind supplied an image of the shimmering reflections of light, coming up through the water, at the pool, and the sensation of a heavy vest under his winter coat, a trickle of sweat running down his lower back. "Threats to our lives not uncommon, given who we were investigating, two years ago."
After the last patient of the day, John was lingering over paperwork when Mark came by his office. "How are you doing?"
John smiled at him, his judgement blown by the drug. He wanted, more than anything, to touch his lips to Sherlock's, but that idea led directly into an excessively detailed fantasy of the two of them on the floor together, here, and now, and he knew there wasn't time for that. He sighed out his frustration and need. It was a comfort in itself, this small, human moment of wanting, and not having, but knowing their time would come. "After, then, too."
"Sometimes, when we get something we've wanted badly, it can be very disruptive."
John looked at his hand, where it squeezed Sherlock's shoulder. He let it linger there for a moment longer, then dropped it down. There was a world, outside, and a game, that had continued on without them, all throughout the evening. John suspected it was crashing in on them right now. "I should probably—"
A quiet knock came at the door. "John?" Sherlock's voice.
He imagined Anika's response, imagined her shaking her head as she picked up the phone and did John's dirty work for him. His heart fluttered in his chest, as he imagined Sherlock's reaction, imagined going to Baker Street and helping him take every damn piece of paper down from his crime wall. And what might happen then.
He put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder, rubbing his thumb over the bare skin just above his collar. No ambiguity. No games.
"Your goddamn sister!" She slurred the words, grabbed his face, and gave him a kiss on the forehead.
As John rode his bike home on Friday after work, still steeped in bile and the sense that he'd been jilted, some mechanism had clicked into place, some internal rebellion had been staged, and he'd begun to think about the scheme more strategically.
"No." Sherlock smiled shyly as he studied John from under the curls that fell down over his forehead. He'd let his hair grow a bit long.
They made their way back down to her flat, where she poured strong tea and gave him warm lemon squares on an ancient blue plate. She asked all the right questions: how he and Mark met, how they'd started seeing each other, when she could meet him. John managed to ask some advice about the proposal, and what she thought about a winter wedding, and if she knew of a place they could use for the reception. She sent him home with the names of three good caterers and a wedding planner, scrawled in her shaky handwriting, on a piece of floral notepaper.
Sherlock followed like an automaton, his mouth pressing closed, until he stood immediately in front of John. Mark, all efficiency, gave Sherlock his chair, and told him to sit. Mark's face was red. John supposed it was a shock for him, too.
Waking up the next morning was something as well. He hadn't expected the warm body curled up against him in the bed afterward, the sleepy good morning, and Mark's smiling confession, as he brushed his fingers through John's hair: "I've wanted to do that since I first laid eyes on you."
Harry. Drunk Harry. John scrolled down, more slowly now, through the rest of the comments, his stomach churning.
John laughed. "Go on."
John looked down at his phone, and back up at Sherlock, who had flushed red.
John smiled down at the note, his nerves jangling, his heart blazing as he practically ran all the way to the tube station.
Harry and Cath had both stopped to listen to what she was saying. Cath bit her lip and tilted her head, as if she were straining to understand. Harry's eyes had gone wide, and she looked like she was holding in a scream.
"Okay. Thanks." John watched as Mark walked away, his movements sure. His easy grace, the way he seemed to smooth everything over, was reassuring. Reliable.
Mark stood up then, and John watched, helpless, his muscles growing slack, as Mark walked slowly over to the bar, where Harry and Sherlock still stood in conversation. He smiled at Sherlock, and said a few words. Whatever it was, it seemed to be working. Sherlock nodded, looking perplexed, and looked over at the table where John sat.
"Let's just say goodbye, then, and be on our way."
Bill elbowed John, and said into his ear, "We've got you covered, mate. You'll have to be quick, but it'll be fine."
Afterward, there was coffee and eggs and toast with butter and marmalade. There were jokes and hip checks as they moved together around John's kitchen, and hands on shoulders and hips. In the weeks that followed, there was time spent together, and a long, affectionate debate about whether Mark should just move in, already. There was fear, on John's part, about what the people at work would say about an office romance, and what they would think of him, when the news that he was with a man came out, when
"I'll be fine, John. So long as you're safe. And happy."
"All right." Mark pulled his shirt down, rearranging himself, and ran his hand through his hair. "I'll have to go home and change first. Didn't plan for a night out on the town."
Sherlock shook his head. "They’ll get in the way. They always do. This is cleaner, more efficient, just the two of us."
Sherlock stepped forward, around the panel, chest heaving. As John closed the gap, Sherlock flinched. Expecting, maybe, a blow. Aggression. Lord knew, John might have hit him, maybe knocked him to the floor and tried to choke the life out of him, in the old days. Aggression standing in for what he really wanted to do. He understood that now. He knew a great deal more than he used to, and he intended to use that knowledge, here, and now.
John closed his eyes, and fought a wave of dizziness, as he thought back through the tangle of the last few weeks, and his discoveries about Mark, and everything he'd done, and the edges of the truths John hadn't fully understood.
A thin edge of agitation slipped into Sherlock's speech. "Mark and I found you, yes, because they sent those texts. Who knows what they're playing at, or how far they'll go next time?"
"Right." John was still furious, even as his eyes drifted down to Mark's chest, his hips. Familiar desire started to take him over, a feeling he hadn't had for weeks, not since he proposed.
"Come here."
"No."
"Oh yes." She pulled herself up into a taller stance, tucking in her chin and deepening her voice. "John doesn't take sugar in his coffee, but he takes milk and sugar in his tea. Let's watch this program about NASA. John thinks I should know about this stuff." She giggled and waved her hand at him. "Talks to you when you're not here. You know."
He never would have believed it was possible, but he could feel it: the world was starting to right itself again.
John shifted in his chair. "Yes." He was angry. He knew that. Two years, and no word.
"You don't have to do that."
He scraped the edges of the hole with the edge of the shovel, making sure there was enough space for the tablet and battery. As he squinted up into the blue November sky, he felt a small degree of self sufficiency returning.
It was ridiculous. Totally insane. Most definitely a trick, a test. Of course it was. Sherlock was all drama, all big gestures. He always had been.
"Marry the shit out of you."
After John explained the circumstances that had led to his possession of the flash drive, Violet confessed that she'd loaned it to Mark on stag night, claiming he had, at some point, expressed interest in travel to India. "Those really just are my vacation snaps."
"So we'll stop them."
John scrambled to follow. "Hang on. Sherlock?"
They clinked glasses, and Sherlock drank, downing the whole glass at once. He poured himself another.
He was grinning by the time she pulled back to study his expression. She looped her arm around his, and gave his hand a squeeze, as she tugged him along down the hallway. "Well, let's get you to the altar."
there’s a small laugh
Their mountainous guts jiggling madly as they squashed, the flesh letting out a loud slap as they came together, navels meeting as Sherlock's moonlight skin crashed against John's fuzzy gut.
“I… know. I was being stupid. I guess I thought the feeding thing was our bit,” John admitted. Sherlock gave him a squeeze.
"Hey, ready to go?" he asked.
**********
more! He hurriedly picked up another, biting into it with a low moan
"Oh-oh, fuck Oh - Sher..."
Jim cackled, "Send in the rest of the boxes, and have two sent in to the staff room, I’ve a feeling some other little pigs will be wanting more snacks too" He snuggled against his body guard, letting his eyes close for a moment. Who knew it would be this easy to win?
He kissed Sherlock hard again to keep him from thinking.
John called out for Sherlock as he stepped into 221B.
smell of
He chuckled and carved out another piece of treacle after Sherlock left. His eyes fluttered closed as his stomach groaned. He forced it down however, rubbing idly at the side of the round ball of fat his abs had become. He let out the softest groan, then finished his tea.
"Course, Boss," said Moran, turning to follow. He eyed the box thoughtfully a moment.
"Alright?" The doctor asked, taking in Sherlock's mood.
"Hello,” Sherlock smiled, "Just in time. They're still hot!" He added, opening one of the extra-large boxes and letting the steaming pies waft through the flat, finding himself crossing to John for a hug, but pulling back at the last moment. Instead he turned to a cabinet and grabbed a set of glasses.
Sherlock tries and shakes his head, tries to just get a hold of himself but he can’t. He  can’t keep crying, he can’t keep eating, he can’t let John
"Yes! Sherlock's favorite Banoffee pie!" said Mrs. Holmes, cheerfully, carrying it over. Mr. Holmes followed after her, bringing along a tray with coffee, cream, and sugar.
He just set the Food-O-Magic to "Sweet", and soon the kitchen counter was filling not with chocolate chips cookies, warm and gooey with dark chocolate chips. Sweet red velvet cream cheese, caloric enough to ruin the abs of any speedo modeling lifeguard. Ice cream cake. Oreo cookies. Raspberry pie.
The blue eyes didn't even deign to roll. "Your Moran iz not immune, either you know," the soft low voice murmurs, "It's only a madder of time. Den you see what he's hungry for."
"I love you... so beautiful... Sherlock..."
The doorbell rang and Sherlock raced out of his room, ignoring his flatmate on the sofa. He hurriedly paid and scurried back to his room with his three bags, shutting the door and arranging his feast on the bed, eyes going dark as he looked over the bounty before him.
"J-John!" he cries desperately.
John purred eagerly, turning around. He pinned Sherlock with his wide round arse, squashing it into the detective's groin.
Sherlock just stared, enraptured by his lover's massive, beautiful form.
"Hmmph, I'm going to, don't you worry, Fatty," John chuckled, giving that tantalizing arse another good slap as it jiggled in his face. He growled and buried his face in it a moment. Then he straightened. "Greg do you-"
He worried sometimes that Sherlock would notice as they laid in bed together, but the detective didn't seem any less enthusiastic. John was careful however not to press up against him too closely, especially if he had eaten a lot during the day. He missed him though. But he told himself it would all be worth it. Even if he had to suck in his gut every time he walked past his lover.
Well, if there was anytime to get fat, it was the holidays. And Mrs. Hudson only seemed happy to help, loading John's arms with mountains of home made fudge, peppermint bark, sweets, and cookies as well. And John would plow through as many as he could before he felt too sick and stuffed to continue. His capacity was improving though as time went on. As was his appetite. His trousers definitely were not growing however as they began to bite his softened hips quite persistently, pinch the soft skin gathering under his navel. John switched to his roomier pairs but even those needed to be unbuttoned after dinner.
The dining table stretches long down the middle of the room, overstuffed with every type of sweet imaginable. Pastries upon pies upon cakes. A giant, sugar-crystal shines above the table, illuminating the entire room in warm, welcoming light
Sherlock looks right into his doctor’s eyes, "I think that… I love you, John Watson."
He crosses to John, not entirely sensing the danger in the air, too focused on the frightful image before him. Sherlock sniffs the small pond of tea - drugged.
Sherlock stored the image away, telling himself he'd go over it later.
The doctor places his hands gently on Sherlock’s swollen middle, feeling the soft fat that's grown there over the tight round mound beneath. He massages and presses tenderly once again, trying to soothe the detective. It doesn't seem to be enough so John bends down to press his ear to it. He can hear it churning. Somehow, he ends up giving it a kiss. Like one would for a small scared child to make it all better.
He spread his hand across Sherlock's chest, feeling the buttons strain beneath his fingers as he pressed him back against the wall, crowding into him, their middles brushing. He slipped Sherlock's jacket off his shoulders. That neck. For a moment John only heard the other man's heartbeat pounding in his ears, his thirst screaming. But… all the better to wait.
John wet his lips, but got a grip on himself. They were with Sherlock's parents, this was not the time to think about stripping those clothes from Sherlock's body with his teeth and having his way with him while the detective moaned and groaned, belly arching up into the air.
John muffles a belch and pushes the next forkful of pie away, his stomach gurgling and churning around the mass of sugar and fat in his belly. Christ, how much butter was it he had added to the recipe? How many calories? 600 a slice? No more like 1200? Even more with whipped cream?
"Mm," replied Sherlock, sliding a plate of eggs and bacon to John. It was half the size of his own portion, John hardly seemed to notice. He just smiled and looked pleased that Sherlock was eating something for once.
"Even criminals get in the holiday spirit, eh?" chuckled John, eating steadily and sighing as he set about filling his stomach again. He did a double take.
John walks back into the light for a better look. It looks like... sugar? He notices then, that his dead cell mate has a small plastic box in one hand.  He pushes the small ejected tape in, rewinds, and presses play.
Sherlock uses the opportunity to launch himself forward, tackling the two army men to the ground, using his weight to knock them off balance.
"I'm...Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes. I-I have a few questions about-"
"What will arrive the quickest?! Oh
"Which of us do you reckon is bigger?"
“Play nice, Piggy,” he instructs, then stands back to watch like his brother. John crawls towards Greg, his fat heavy belly jiggling against his thighs, breasts jiggling between his plump arms.  Greg looks up from his treat and gives him a happy grunt before turning back to the fairycakes.
"Come and see," Sherlock replied, placing the last of the dishes out on the small kitchen table that was creaking with the weight of all the food piled onto it.
Sherlock tried to tug away, then simply latched onto his lover, resting his cheek atop the man's cap.
Sherlock hurriedly stuffed a biscuit in his mouth, then another, then another, over-sugaring both their teas as he desperately tried to calm down, hiccups only increasing as his now incredibly overfilled middle clashed with his corset.
He steps into the room he was supposed to enter - this one seeming much more familiar.
Sherlock can’t help his curiosity and reaches out to touch one of the beakers, just to see if it’s real. He withdraws his hand with a small yelp. It’s real - and painfully hot.
"You're home early."
Sherlock smiled, letting this innocent portion of his fantasy play out, a slow feeding between him and the man he...loved. John couldn’t possibly know just how wild this situation would drive him. Sherlock leaned forward, munching on the slice, chewing and swallowing as he finished the slice, sipping at his milk and settling a bit more into the doctor's side, offering another slice to his John, then another, worried removing his hand would end this perfect scenario, rubbing softly and slowly, offering one of the last slices.
"Morning, John."
"So, that's a yes then?" he teased, drawing his arms around the lanky man, his round belly bumping into Sherlock's. He willed himself not to blush.
"Yeah. Good," he manages, blinking and looking up at Sherlock.
John climaxes with a cry that gets muffled in the soft fat of Sherlock’s chest, He slumps against the wall, every limb trembling. He can’t feel his fingers.
The detective’s stomach gurgles again, digesting all the calories he’s just consumed, and Sherlock lets out a small belch. His coat was blown off when the siren threw him, and he bends down to pick it up.
Belly cinched in and concealed under a loose jumper, John walked downstairs. "I'm headed to the surgery for a bit to pick up some paperwork. I'll be back in a few hours," he told Sherlock. "Need anything?"
"Maybe you should try that more often," John teased, prodding the bit of pale skin he caught sight of between the man's buttons, "Put some meat on your bones."
He hadn't eaten a single bite all night.
The plump lips at his neck only let out a chuckle that rumbled against his back. Sherlock's hand settled over John's new belly chub, warmth radiating from the man's palm. There was something comforting about the weight and pressure of it. And something oddly... kinky, as John breathed. He felt his belly grow and expand against Sherlock's hand with his breath, then shrink away again. Expand, contract. Swell and relax. Sherlock began kissing John's neck softly, those soft plump lips leaving a tiny trace of wetness on his skin. He heard his lover's breaths growing heavier between the soft sounds of his kisses. John imagined his stomach growing larger, softer, pressing out even more fully into Sherlock's hand. He sighed and puffed out his belly, turning his head to nuzzle into Sherlock's cheek and hair. Sherlock hummed approvingly in response and pressed against John's belly more purposefully, his fingers sinking into the new layer of softness as his palm began circling and rubbing. Oooh, that felt better than it had any right to.
Just a few minutes later, Sherlock Holmes hurried up the stairs to 221B. It had been a horrendously boring day. Not a single murder of importance committed and the detective was terribly-
The detective ends up knocking the wind out of both of them, and unluckily, Moran recovers first, stalking towards Sherlock as he struggles to crawl away on all fours, his stomach nauseous from so much sugar, his round arse wobbling, pale and smooth, in the open air.
He wanted more,
John felt rather foolish. He shrugged. “Nothing… just… nothing. Solved a case.”
Surprisingly... He didn't feel an ounce fuller. He must have only eaten... One...
Sherlock took the plate eagerly, gobbling up the food presented quickly to calm his nerves. His belly swelled, gurgling lightly in complaint, buttons spreading ever so slightly. He blushed behind his mask, a dark blue slash that only covered his eyes and a bit of his forehead, beautiful from a distance, but clearly thrown together from the discarded masks of noblemen and women outside the castles walls
John smirked and stalked back to his two bloated lovers.
"Jesus," he breathed, "You got fat, Sherlock." He prodded him again, still in awe, as if trying to make sure he wasn't just hallucinating.
The detective’s  mind is clear, the music  is gone, and he laughs so hard his round, soft tummy is shaking and a bouncing on his thighs, his wide hips, pressed against  John’s, wobbling and jiggling against him.
"Er, sorry. Look, can we just go home? I don't think he's going to kill anyone tonight," John pleaded, looking the bad side of drunk and quite exhausted.
Sherlock looked down to Greg, then hiccupped, followed by a massive, wet belch that echoed throughout the room
"What? Your whole family?"
"No. They've got a single cock, but it's a two-pronged one. Food. Then ask your next question," John murmured, slipping a finger along Sherlock's prominent cheekbone. "Your body will be mine. And your questions will be ended when I'm full. Lucky for you. I'm quite bottomless." He chuckled and slapped his gut. It rippled.
is the kink you call yours," purred Sherlock, giving his belly a jiggle. John gave an odd little yelping noise. "Anyway, this experiment has proven itself endlessly more fun."
"Toast would be lovely, fancy another cuppa? I’ll make on for you," he said, almost lovingly. Constantly wanking to the thought of the man only increased his affection.
Sherlock’s lower lips quivers and he shakes his head again, "We've got to g-get out of here." He swallows, looking longingly at all the treats around him
"Mmmm..." Sherlock purred, not even denying it as one large, long-fingered hand slid slowly down John's now pudgy side to his hip, then gracefully around. Sherlock's thumb slipped past, just under John's navel and the ex-army captain shivered as he felt Sherlock's fingers play with the soft golden hairs that led to the waistband of his pants. It was rather tighter of late, squashing his hips, the material stretching thin over his bum. He only had to look down to see his pudgy tum poking out over them. John did and found himself licking his lips as he watched the tips of Sherlock's pale fingers dip beneath the elastic. John sighed, then huffed in annoyance as Sherlock's fingers flitted upwards again.
He opened the box, eyes going wide and brain shutting down. Sherlock looked from it to John, mouth falling open.
Sherlock blushes crimson, "Aw well uh...it was uh." He clears my throat and tries to make his voice sound gruff , "Obvious, John."
The detective could only blush, moving in a way that only further bounced and jiggled John's also overfilled middle, mumbling out an apology as he continued to thumb the doctor's sensitive nipples.
The trim, fit soldier looked positively
He called up a cheesecake, sliding it to the flabby spirit
John turns around as a cheery voice hails him. He looks back  to Sherlock, who nods with mild annoyance, his brow furrowed, chubby cheeks slowly working as he chews through a large bearclaw. His eyes flit all over a rather gruesome triple homicide, his big brain clearly puzzling out the hows and whys of it.
The cab is now sinking heavily towards the ground, moments before it was creaking and shaking violently. The driver had made a run for it, leaving only a very smug Sebastian Moran and a quite hefty James Moriarty within it. He stroked the criminals soft pale belly.
Once again composed, Molly Hooper stood and walked back down the hall to the lab where she had left John and Sherlock. It was rather late in the day, as it usually was when Sherlock would sweep in and demand blood samples or body parts, and so the halls had gone rather dark as Bart’s closed down.
Sherlock swallowed the sweet down, then turned redder at John's comment, moaning loudly as the doctor frotted against him
God he sounded pathetic, but he...he missed his friend. Regardless of the man's size he simply wanted to be close to him.
“I was being serious.”
“My apologies,” he said, dipping his head, before getting back to business. John folded his arms, frown deepening. Greg gave him a smile and a thumbs up. John returned the smile rather stiffly.
His willpower regained for a split second he shimmied until he could reach his phone, texting Lestrade to push for a confession on the Dominatrix
"C-cookies. We still have...have so many batches I..." Sherlock trailed off, biting his lip with a small moan as his eyes ate up John's form.
Sherlock feels a stab of cold in his gut.
Moran chuckled. "Can't say i prefer hunting hogs... But you are right. This is fun to watch."
"That's what I like to- hear!" John growled, pushing in on the last word with a thrust. He groaned loudly, squeezing a coupled of Sherlock's rolls as he sank in.
is meant to be tempted by the sweets – haven’t you even
“Of course it is,” Sherlock rumbled, “I would never have gotten this fat without your assistance. Just look at me. I could be mistaken for a mountain.”
"Okay- Sherlock!" John protested. God, now he didn't know if he was actually getting food.
"She had. I declined. Desire requires consent by all parties. Only a partner willing to die could be killed. Self-preservation is strong in most creatures."
"Come on already, baby, feed me," he begged, his mouth watering.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. His mind was moving at the speed of cold molasses, but he could still deduce what he needed to about his John. They would be alright.
Sherlock looks at John, then goes pale - pointing to a pair of bright blue eyes that open in the wall. They flutter closed, and where they were, a door swings open, the most intricately decorated one yet. The two survivors step towards it.
There’s a recording tape and player on the ground below the photos - Sherlock picks it up and presses play.
"Yeah. Really fuckin hungry," John agreed, still rubbing, one finger drifting to his navel and circling it. Sherlock found his mouth positively watering. How would John feel like this? Warm, definitely. Perhaps even soft? More likely springy... that light dusting of gold hair was pulling a growl from the detective's throat.
“Sh,” said John, reaching down and beginning to undo Sherlock’s shirt buttons. “You just need a bit more room. Keep eating.” The tortured clothing sprang apart almost as soon as it was released. The mass of swollen belly sank almost visibly as John undid the man’s trouser button. Sherlock groaned, his head lolling, his big fat belly rounding into his lap as he continued to chew and swallow.
John watched as Sherlock drank the soda down, his eyes tracking the bob of that pale throat working, the detective's eyes fluttering closed, the way his abdomen contracted minutely, only to swell bigger and bigger.
Sherlock gives a small gasp, and feels his mouth water. Turkish Delight was the first sweet he had ever had as a child, his mother imposing a strict diet on him after Mycroft's weight problems set in, and it wasn’t until Sherlock was six years old, running home in his little white shorts and light blue shirt, completely convinced he was sailor like his grandfather had been, that he had been handed a small, pink square of pure sugary goodness.
He moaned, face scrunching as his orgasm hit him, his face pressed into Sherlock's soft back as his body trembled. He gave a few more low grunts and slow lazy thrusts, then collapsed on top of him. Utterly boneless.
Sherlock looks to John  with tears in his eyes "J-John...what’s happening?"
John purchased larger sizes the very next day, his lazy Sunday proving to be quite the feast, and Sherlock seemed to have enjoyed himself too. It was... good to see. Really good.  And hot as hell. He didn't think he was ever going to be able to eat a meal in the same room with his flatmate again. Damn this newfound kink. But, Jesus, it was perfect! Sherlock was perfect.
The siren shrieks as John dodges her mouth, reaching back and slapping her with the butt of his gun instead. She screams in rage and pain, and her minions look momentarily confused, chittering at each other, looking afraid.
The doorbell rings and John looks up from his laptop.
"Thank you for the sweets! Though I'm afraid I might not fit up your chimney any longer." He laughed again, a deep warm belly laugh.
John looked Sherlock straight in the eye.
“Well done, piggy,” Sherlock purrs, patting John’s head. The piggy grunts happily, bumping up into his master’s thigh, eager for more praise. Sherlock gives him a few more pats, then holds out another pitcher. John doesn’t even hesitate as he begins to suck down the second. His belly strains and almost seems to moan, or perhaps those sounds are coming from John himself. He collapses back, still drinking, keeping himself propped up on quivering elbows as he drinks and drinks. Hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of calories are poured down his throat. And John drinks every last drop. When he finally lays down completely, Sherlock can rub the crest of his belly without bending at all. It is almost perfectly sphereical. Sherlock tells him this and John smiles through his happy overfull daze. He looks over and sees Greg struggling to finish his second pitcher for Mycroft, the man’s grey dusted middle going splotchy around the navel as he falls back, whimpering. Mycroft coos, rubbing his lover’s middle delicately, ensuring him that he is still proud of him. John locks eyes with Sherlock and opens his mouth.
"Pity, I was hoping you was him. You fit the description all right," she continued still smiling warmly. Yes, there was no doubting her interest, but John's? No... That was just his polite smile. Somehow, although it ruined his chances for data, Sherlock couldn't help but feel relieved.
His breath shuddered as he felt Sherlock's hands on him, heard that edge to his lover's voice. Oh. He felt fat. Huge. Soft. Heavy. He groaned softly.
John had sucked in his breath a bit as Sherlock moved. Now he relaxed, trying to be as discrete about it as he could, his belly rounding up against his robe yet again.
Sherlock heard the childish music behind Moriarty's teasing, and he slipped into that headspace for his little rant. The detective slips a hand to his gut. It’s much more than just a pot belly now, he’s...f-…-f...fat. It wobbles lightly underneath Sherlock’s hands, straining the buttons on his shirt.
"Why...why don’t we just watch crap telly all day?" he offered, brain swirling as it imagined a much lazier, no-more-running John filling up their sofa. One day of memories and sitting about wouldn’t make his perfect John a perfect hog, but Sherlock could pretend it would, and they really hadn’t seen much of each other lately.
It wasn't long before John's new change in regime took effect, and soon even his baggy jumpers weren't quite concealing his gluttony. He took to wearing shapewear underneath his clothing, compressing and tightening the new jiggling fat into pseudo-muscle. It only created more problems though. John felt almost constantly squashed, restrained, and too fat for his clothes. He took to wearing looser fitting jeans to hide his imminent arousal.
"Yeah?" he asked, relieved that he didn't sound too breathless, even caught mid-wank with a stuffed gut.
John smiles through his panted breaths, and hums in agreement.
He let out a small burp and flushed, covering his mouth with a hand.
*****
Were they a clue? Something to figure out?
"You're right. It's a bit much," John agreed, reaching up and untying it. "Right, come on. Maybe the cabbie hasn't given up yet." He tossed the tie over onto the chair and headed for the door, Sherlock following behind him. The cab was miraculously still there, though the driver strongly implied that perhaps he ought to charge per hour for this trip. Sherlock shut him up by tossing a extra 10 pound note through the divider as he gave the address.
Sherlock opened it with a snap and lifted it to his mouth with both hands. Then he began to drink... And drink.
He matched the bobbing of his head to John's quickening thrusts, feeling Greg's chubby fingers grip on his curls tighten
He sipped more of his tea and reached for more cookies. He had to get himself properly stuffed. Then he could lay around until dinner and then eat all he could again. He cut a third smaller piece of treacle even as his belly gurgled.
Five more days.
John had sunk to one knee, removed the goofy hat and pulled off the beard. In the black box was a silver ring with a gorgeous stone set into it and surrounded by tiny artful etchings of bees.
“You’re going to be a planet, my John,” he purrs as he begins to pour the last third down John’s throat. His free hand rubs John’s beachball of a gut with fascination, hardly able to find a single centimeter of give left in his gluttonous pig. “The fattest hog in London, in the world… All mine.”
"Inviting me in?" he murmured, almost a whisper. He brushed his lips along Sherlock's neck again, pinned him down with more of his weight.
The detective turns, taking  John’s  hand again, and presses his soft, wide hip into his doctor.  They walk off together toward God knows where.
John looked at Greg, smirk still in place.
He set the video playing and sat back, tugging a blanket over him. He watched, fascinated, stuffing more food into his mouth. His stomach filled gradually, swelling up against his trousers.
Sherlock's eyes went wide as John revealed that...no, no it was impossible. That fit, trim, tight solider had-
"Hey, it's okay. Shh just stay quiet," John murmurs, trying not to alert whatever is in the room with the two of them. It sounds like more of those insects.
He doesn’t look fat, just... healthy. Sherlock needed to put on a little weight anyway.
He hears a faucet open behind him, a sink he could swear wasn’t there before, cold water pouring from it - a bizarre peace offering. Sherlock puts his hand under it, cooling the burn, but when he pulls back his whole hand smells like blue Kool-Aid. He grimaces and wipes his hand on his coat.
Something small giggles and runs under the table.
As John approaches it to search for bullets the music starts to play again, and Sherlock is having smaller and small moments of lucidity regarding "big" and "little" Sherlock. Without thinking, the detective latches his mouth around one of the jets and swallows continuously, his belly steady rounding out until, whimpering around the funnel's mouth, Sherlock regains the sense to pull off of it, gasping, and runs back over to John, stomach round and overfilled yet again.
Sherlock felt all the air rush out of him, whimper as his big bear of fiancé pressed into him, nodding wildly. He hurried to the kitchen, grabbed a tray of cookies and milk and looked to John shyly, swallowing and nodding towards the bedroom.
The detective then immediately forced his trousers down, gripping himself and imagining John tying him to that chair, imaging him tying John, letting images of food and fat flood his over-aroused mind and finishing with a desperate cry
"J-John! John yes! I-I love you! Love you so much!"
"Sherlock, no one walks up to a bar and asks for a glass of water," John snorted, shaking his head.
"How's it going fat arse? Don't you want more? A big gut like that, well. I'd wager you're still hungry," he said, turning back to Sherlock and tearing a chunk of candy floss bedspread off the nearest bed and holding it out to the detective.
Sherlock’s eyes go wide and John is jolted to a stop. The detective moves his free hand to his belly, where he  horrifiedly pinches a small handful of potbelly, then to his ass, where Sherlock can more than easily can grab handfuls from both cheeks.
"Go on. Enjoy. Give in. To me. To yourself."
Greg smiled and stroked Sherlock's hair again, then trailed his fingers along John's firm abs.
John moved over to the sofa again and sat down beside his lover, rubbing Sherlock's back gently. He pulled down the beard so he could speak properly.
"Completely, also took a copy of the footage, in the event one of us thinks they can find anything else," Sherlock said, too busy trying to hide his own arousal than to notice his doctor's.
"Oh, wow, bacon, sausage and pepperoni?" chuckled John, "Scratch that, maybe I will get fat off today." He smiled, hoping that Sherlock didn't notice the note of longing, or the thrill that shot through him at that greasy pizza being offered to him. He leaned forward and took a big bite. It was amazing.
"Do you know, I think I'm getting a bit peckish," John comments thoughtfully, as they walk out of what looks like an old ruin and the door disappears completely. "I wonder if there's anywhere good to eat around here."
"Nothing," John said lightly, grunting as he shifted to extend his hand to Sherlock. The detective groaned but managed to shift enough to take it. John squeezed.
Such as a rather memorable day when Sherlock had pointed out to the weeping victim’s girlfriend that she needn’t be so upset because the victim had been cheating on her since the day they met anyway. John had been about to correct Sherlock sharply, but before he got the chance, Greg had barked out an authorative “Sherlock!”
"Mm, great. We'll have plenty to snack on," murmured John, stalking towards his lover and grabbing a couple of the cookies. He stuffed them into his mouth, one after the other, then took a long swallow of the thick and rich milk. His belly grew a touch rounder, a bit heavier.
“Look at you, Sherlock. Rude and greedy. What am I supposed to do with a complete hog like you?” Another loud smack, and something that sounded remarkably like a squeal. Was that? It had to be John but… oh dear. Molly had seen John angry before but she never would have thought him capable of-
