"What's this all ab-mmph" You've crowded my back against the wall. I can feel your chest expand along my sternum.
Especially not now.
Taste or smell
And you hardly ever hide from me
It's been a few days without a case and you've not succumbed just yet
Is a symphony I never want to stop hearing
--------------------------------------------------------------
And your face in my aching shoulder
His team, one other officer and a medic, notice it too. He shakes his head, quieting their speculation.
Greg tries to stiffle the start of his sobbing.
Almost.
He thought he was prepared for anything.
He hears the clear yet awkwardly voiced vowels of "Yes Headmistress" from the boy in response and he peeks closer through the bushes to get a better look.
I want you where no one else will ever need you again
In the hours since, the shaking had subsided, but he knew mycroft well enough by now to know the man didn't sleep quickly or easily.
Greg for all of his so called police experience could not hold a candle to this man. He hadn't even thought to ask that question even though he was the only one who's grief hadn't caught up to their body just yet.
"John what made you even entertain the thought that I was the one driving YOU further to insanity? It took me twice as long to solve this case because I couldn't concentrate on anything but the less than appropriate thoughts playing on your face every time you looked at me."
John doesn't feel it, not the part where he sees blue eyes framed in red, not really.
There was never a choice at all really.
Just as it should be.
He used it to protect so much that he'd rather not use it to destroy.
Pushing the bed back is a seconds work and he has it just off center to the ceiling fan. It gives him enough room to tie the silk to the center, pulling it taught to test it's give.
So he doesn't end it, and no one's the wiser.
Notices the rumpled cushions in the chair he thinks is Johns'. Wants to yell at the lack of disturbance in the other.
Away from the up up up
You surprise me with your whisper
"Oh god John…"
I'm grappling at straws. Trying to divert your attention from my obvious tells.
All I can breathe is you right now and that's more than alright
Right before agitation
Always next him.
We make it to the main street and I'm surprised to see a cab idling on the curb, presumably waiting for us. Normally it takes at least 10 minutes before a cab has the decency to stop at our call, especially at this hour. Not that I'm complaining. I'd rather wait than get a cabbie who's more eager for blood and poison than a tip. However, with the cold rain that's slowly sinking into my scalp, I'm more than grateful to slide into the warmth of the back seat. Your clothes radiating heat as you slide in next to me.
You gaze down at me
He doesn't even bother calling for his medic. Can see for himself in John's fingernails the lack of oxygen. Sees the foam on his mouth and the bottle of pills on the comforter as a form of insurance. John knew how to do this in a way where no one could save him.
He walks into the room, careful to not disturb anything.
Not much.
He sees paper on the bedside table and hopes to anything it's not what he thinks it is…
He almost says as much when he hears something.
As he walks closer to Sherlock's bedroom door the creaking sound is louder. Breathing out he braces himself. Imagining foetal positions and sobbing. Greg knows John is more than justified. Thinks John might even punch him for the role he played in all this.
The image of him falling to the concrete. Tall, lean, dark haired mass of intellect and spirit. Beauty and grace and coiled strength all reduced to fragile bones and blood. Like dropping a priceless vase and watching it shatter.
It took Greg 30 minutes before he could extricate himself, find his phone, and get a small team together. As guilty as he felt about leaving Mycroft right now he knew they weren't the only ones in pain.
Weight heavy and eclipsing
This warmth between your shoulder blades
And the smoothness of your palms
The…..the funeral parlor…
He never wants to see it again
And then our floodgates break, mine before yours. And the warm semen in too tight trousers makes me feel 17 in a much too familiar way. But those minutes between me and you are glorious. Maddeningly sensitive in the aftershocks. And there's so much heat I can scarcely feel the cold at all. And I don't mind the water in my shoes one bit.
I even contemplate going to get you, just to spare everyone from being caught in the slow drizzle that will no doubt start to come down in sheets in another hour or so, when I see you coming towards me. You're all long legs and belstaff. Exuding smug contentment in the stretch of your spine.
He takes a deep breathe.
For one, the cab has stopped in where appears to be the opening to a covered alleyway. Atleast from what I can see through the heavy drops of rain now falling outside the window. I've missed almost all of the ride here. Wherever here is…
As I stroke at the strands that sweep along your neck
"Where's John?"
Hoped those two weren't always similar in the worst ways.
He doesn't like how ominous it feels
In the warmth of the covers
The stretch and push of rain and traffic
The look you give me in return tells me your lack of reply is a generous gift.
It's quiet save for john's body ticking against the tilt of the ceiling fan.
" I could hear you undressing me with your eyes John, could feel you wanting me to push you against a wall and simply. take." And at this I feel my back scrap against the brick behind me, and even with my jacket and shirt, the thought of the potential, the possibility of pain and bruising, pushed a sharp breath from my lips.
-----------------------------------------------------------------
"I thought I was the selfish one John"
Your hands start to move. Traveling from my neck down my chest. Brushing at the buds there. I can hear the whimpers escaping my mouth but with the sound of the rain and the lack of audience in this weather I couldn't care less about how it sounds. I want it to sound like reverence. Like the highest worship resting on my tongue. Meanwhile, your hands have made it down to my hips. Holding fast and hard as I feel your erection grinding into the soft area of my stomach. All it takes then is a stretch of my toes and I can see where the lightning crackles behind your eyelids. We meet in the best way possible and it feels like danger all over again. My hands find where your neck is straining. Pushing your body out and in. Reveling in the sensation of our erections slotting together through too much treacherous clothing. I finally finally pull your mouth to mine. Tasting the bittersweet there. The months and months of waiting and wanting all pouring like rain in the Thames.
And isn't that a massive shift.
The walk up the stairs is perfunctory. The same way he goes in when he's delivering bad news. Slow and light. Treading on sacred ground. He goes into the main sitting room. Finds it empty.
He hoped to God this wasn't a worse case scenario.
Your quiet breath is a lullably in the early morning
Why are they always allowed to have you back?
He'd never seen this man in tears
He walks into Sherlock's room with heavy footsteps. Sitting on the edge of the bed he takes in how foreign the room actually feels. He rarely stepped in here unless it was absolutely necessary.
"Mr. Watson I know you are here under regrettable circumstances but do NOT think we will be giving you any special treatment as far as academics and discipline are concerned," says the headmistress.
And then I feel you pressing down on me
Greg had never felt so lost.
As your face looms overhead
Breathe or sense you
It doesn't feel any different this time either.
Headmistress Stewart's nasal pitch sounds grating on the ears before dawn is far more unpleasant than normal, he thinks. Peeking through the shrubs he finds her severe features and ever-present plaid skirt focused ahead, addressing the air, as a figure, no doubt a new prospect, trails behind.
Eyes vermillion and a little melancholic
Sherlock rolls his eyes at this. No chance of that. Saint Bartholemew’s Academy for Boys, or St.Barts as his pedestrian schoolmates called it, was a large historically preserved catholic boarding school. One which held the hopes and dreams of rich aristocrats and languishing dukes last attempts at retaining their sense of superiority by living vicariously through their children. It was funded on the backs of the very same aristocracy and as such was expected to house only the best of the best in terms of wealth and status.This, however, did not correlate to intelligence, as much as the imbeciles on the school board thought otherwise. Not to mention even without the lack of intellect in admissions the current student body made up 80% of the stupidest beings alive. Anderson and Sally making up 75% of that respectively.
He's on the 10th before he stops and sees it.
And I can see your brain ticking into overdrive
And the suffocation of soot and smog
And yet you caress me when I can't even see you
Greg had been holding Mycroft for the better part of 5 hours. Mycroft had been the one to tell him what happened at Barts. What happened to Greg's friend Sherlock. What happened to Mycroft's baby brother.
Your phone is…
He sees mycroft's eyes are swollen and red. Tears still running down his cheeks
What he does feel is now.
And yet the handwriting of John Watson is there and it only makes this more real.
Greg can't say he doesn't deserve it..
John just wants to be next to him.
And the press of dry lips and sourness is the sweetest thing I've ever tasted
"Sherlock what are we-" I turn to question you, only to find you watching me. It's the same look as the one in the sitting room. Molten lava and cool ocean. I'm being dissected where I sit "-doing here?" I find the end of the question but apparently, it's a stupid one. As your response is another "Come along John" and you get out of the cab in a swirl of dark wool.
Allow no one else to ever see or touch
The wingless crests that ebb and flow
"Wait what---Did you solve it then?"
He didn't even want to think about it anymore after that line of thou-
"Sherlock I'll stay forever if you let me." You must know…have to know this isn't just a game for me.
He inhales but that’s as far as it gets. The new prospect is closer than he expected, no more than 2 feet in front of him. This boy is ordinary. Short yet standing taller than he seems, holding still while fidgeting minutely.  Uncomfortable in his uniform, and no doubt unused to the confining feeling of button-downs and ties. His hair is the color of dry sand and lies loosely in soft spikes on his head, while softer strands hang down slightly around his ears. And then he turns and suddenly all Sherlock can register is the sky blue of two irises, both looking directly at him. Sherlock finds his exhale only for his brain to kick in with a rushed index finger to his lips, he shushes quietly, hoping the boy can keep from startling.
I want to absorb you into my skin
John still has sleeping pills from his time with Ella so he grabs those along the way.
Greg almost doesn't blame him.
"No no no no no….John….
As he pulled up to baker street he notices how quiet it is. Normally he'll see at least a few people strolling about, but right now it is completely empty.
Now, while l rest against the police cruiser, you're giving lestrade your final statement. He's trying to be patient but it looks like you're being a prat as usual and pointing out everything he failed to notice.
Sherlock's room it is then…
*creak……creak……creak….*
Where his bones are reverberating with the flashbacks of Sherlock's body breaking against the earth.
Sherlock was the tectonic plate to the earthquake of John's heartbeat. Without him there's nothing to keep him going. The richter scale is at 0 and falling steadily.
"John"
Pushing into my atoms before pulling away
And yet your dark curls wrap around my fingers
In response I'm pulled onto the bed and into your arms. Your huff on the top of my head is worth its weight in 1000 declarations. And then I realize your lips are moving, saying my name over and over, like a prayer of salvation. And the realization finds my heart clawing its way out of my chest, because really how do you hold the feeling of your deity worshipping you back. Your lover and savior holding you as if YOU are the miracle. It's insane and blasphemous and utterly mind blowing
You punctuate every other word with the slide of your warm tongue and sharp teeth on my earlobe. I can't even ponder how you could've known I was thinking that, not with how the sensation of your mouth on my ear has driven blood straight to my cock.
The boy's mouth parts slightly, letting out a quiet breath of his own. He hides his surprise well with the only tells being the rapid rise and fall of his chest and the slow release of color in his cheeks. He makes small aborted movements with his hands and for a second Sherlock thinks he'll try to come close-
He doesn't want to draw this out longer than he has to…but the thought of a bullet feels unbalanced
And yet I love you
"I want you in line with the other boys as quickly as possible. We will not tolerate any lowered standards, is that clear?" She asks, unaware if her counterpart even hears her.
What he feels is his composure cracking.
Greg'd pulled the curtains in their room and dragged him to the bed, burying his nose into Mycroft's hair and pulling him in tight to stop the vibrations he could feel traveling down his lover's back.
And I want to cry
He tells them to wait there. Doesn't want to expose John unnecessarily. Just in case.
He jumps.
Ever again
"Come along John, we're done here"
A rythmic rocking.
In a wretched way Greg understands. With the way the elder Holmes took the loss it was easy to see how catastrophic this fallout was.
"Sherlock…Sherlock, love, we're home"
Oh my love how we have so many faults
God…who does this…
They want you back…
I will always need you
As it stands he has been sitting in this chair for the past 6 hours and he is ready to make a choice.
Hair tickling my ears
I think you've dozed off a little bit. You're sleepy and warm against my shoulder and I could feel your breath against my neck in that shallow even rhythm of light slumber. At least we made it into another cab before daybreak. Heaven knows the press and your brother would have a field day if we'd been found. Lucky us I suppose.
He fails.
Surprises you
They want you back
Sherlocks dressing gown in the corner.
"John"
"It sounds like it's coming from the back" notes Pierce
"Stay with me…please"
Anything but this.
John holds himself tightly in his sitting room chair. Trying to hold himself together while ignoring the lack of warmth in the adjacent chair. The lack of illumination where once Sherlock's words offered insight into something no one else could fathom.
"Yes...coming Headmistress Stewart!" He calls out in a low even tenor.
Sherlock sits in the patch of grass between archangel Michael and Raphael’s statues. Legs stretched out to bisect the towering marble beings above him. He blows the smoke up into the stone wings, blackening them more than they have from his frequent forays here every morning. It was far too early in the day to be so perturbed by his own species attempts at hierarchy. He just came here to have a cigarette. A small fragment to settle himself as he prepared for the day to come. And it was the one and only ritual he kept even when everything he knew told him keeping a routine was dangerous. However, these early morning hours were the only pleasure he was allowed in this sorry excuse for a boarding school and he would loathe to let it end.
Through hell or high water indeed…
Pushing the door open, he runs a hand through his hair while staring at his reflection in the mirror. He goes into his mind library. Pushing past the theory of relativity and the catatonic stages of post-traumatic disorders until he finds it. It’s the book his grandparents bought him on his 14th birthday and is his long-standing comfort. Dead Poets Society comes to life in the walls of his brain and he breathes in relief at the familiar words. Focuses harder on John Keating daring his students to be bigger than themselves. Focuses even harder to try to still his own shaking hands.
Before the rest of the world wants you back
And my head presses up as yours comes down
You're thinking of cocaine while I'm thinking of your fingers in secret places
Your voice breaks me out. Bringing me back to earth with no small amount of blood, rushing to my ears and further south. Did you figure out the murderer's motive? Or are you preparing to flay me open with another "while I'm flattered.."?
------------------------------------------
Hoped that John was somewhere drunk and crying into a random shoulder.
The soles underneath my feet gliding along your calves
"Call Lestrade, tell him and his team to meet us at the warehouse where the last victim was found"
They have a job to do. Either Pierce, the other officer, will be there if John gets combative or Lindsey, the medic, will be there to tend to John if he has hurt himself or…
Not if it means you looking like I've stolen the sun
You're a satisfied cat
Now, well now, he's watching the clock on the mantle. It's ticking steadily. Tracking the hours. Counting the minutes. It's 4 p.m. Approximately 6 hours, 15 minutes, and 32 seconds since he last saw his mad man alive. John hasn't taken a breath since.
Greg wishes he hadn't opened it at all
It felt like finding out all over again and that was probably worse.
Christ….inform Sherlock's and mycroft's parents.
John remembers. He remembers when that first case, his aptly named 'Study in pink', was the start of everything. Sherlock was a blaze of scorching air in his lifeless lungs. Before Sherlock there was nothing and….after…well. He remembers Sherlock asking him what he or anyone would think to write or say with the last of their life draining from them. John's automatic response was 'please god let me live' because with him meeting Sherlock he had finally gained enough self-preservation to actually mean it.
Soft kisses on too warm skin
Lestrade, as it turns out, is not an early morning person. It's almost half past 2 in the morning when you recover the evidence needed to tie the suspect, a single, antique shopkeeper, to the murders of the 4 women. All of them were antique jewelry collectors who weren't exactly in the shop for anything more than jewelry much to the shopkeeper's dismay. If it hadn't of been for the partial indents of the class ring the suspect wore on 2 of the victims he would've gotten away with it. But you managed to find his mistakes with brilliance.
The early morning light peeks through the arches in the outer corridors of the courtyard. It’s warm already, at half past six, and the shrubs in the inner garden are overflowing with peonies. Bees at work eagerly search for pollen to take back to their queen. While unbeknownst to them, a pair of green eyes watches steadily as they gather pollen. Watching the trail they make as they fly back to the forest edge. Smoke from his pall mall cigarette trailing from his lips, mirroring the way the bees traveled miles and miles for the sake of their hive. A near replica of society at work. Of his parents, teachers, and meddlesome older brother. The work and excuses that the human race makes for the sake of one another as a tedious, roundabout way of benefiting themselves. It could almost be called beautiful if it wasn't so painfully ugly.
“Maybe
seemingly bottomless eyes again that may or may not have something to do with magic.
For a moment Sherlock wonders if John is the one who knows magical spells and not him but then all coherent thought leaves him as John's lips make contact with the hollow at the bottom of his throat where his collar now lies splayed open.
“You can call me Violet”, she says.
John gently placed his cup back on the table. Buying him a couple more seconds of time to think about what he was willing to tell Mrs. Hudson on the matter.
Something coming alive hidden deep within himself and he cannot get enough of it.
My hands grab on to him as if they have a life and will of their own.
I give her a smile in return. It might be a sad one too.
Sherlock hasn't heard it. He's been too lost in daydreaming about his upcoming reunion with John Watson.
I don't even know if.....whatever it was we had.....meant the same to him as it had meant to me. If he even still thinks of me sometimes......
'Watson?' Holmes tone was uncertain. Questioning. John had not realized he had lost himself in thought so readily.
Absolutely no good will come of it.
The mangled corpses around him a stark contrast to the memory of a sunny afternoon.
“Just promise me you'll be careful”, Miss Hooper finally says. Her voice is small and soft and is almost lost in the noise that surrounds them.
“I know you're not.”
As children anyway.
What if something has happened to him....like last time.....when Finn came to get him and he found him just barely clinging on to life.
But Sherlock is his boyfriend now.
He wonders how much he's had to drink tonight.
And so Sherlock lets the planets and stars gently dance along in the room around them as he answers John:
Because I know how John can treat me now. I know how it feels to have him giggle against the bare skin of my abdomen. To have him tell me he likes me. That he likes being with me. That he wants to be with me....
I try not to panic.
Not for the first time John wonders how much he's actually been sleeping in these last couple of weeks.
And then I make a decision.
Bloody martyr.
Apologies for the shorter chapter but I had to go in to my actual work 6 days this week. My writing time is limited at the moment.
He would do his best to figure out what was going on. Who exactly had it in for Holmes. Keep him safe.
I knew he didn't want to be out yet and I knew we wouldn't be holding hands at school or that he'd give me his rugby-jacket to wear or any of that nonsense.....and for a while I thought I'd be okay with that.
He's been a bit distracted this evening.
It had been everything he had ever wanted.
“Sure”, all Holmes says. Finn does not seem perturbed in the slightest by the curtness of his answers.
“That is probably one of the weirdest things I've ever done”, John said. No longer able to suppress his giggles.
Watson lets out another small laugh as he shakes his head on the pillow. Then he closes his eyes and within minutes his breathing evens out.
You had died after all.
“I didn't know you were a secret.”
But what he's doing now.....it's starting to feel an awful lot like being exclusive, like something very real, like a commitment.....a relationship.
Why is it so easy.
She gives me a sort of sad smile when I look down at her to apologize.
He was not so stupid as to believe he had actually defeated her, back there, inside the mist, inside his mind palace.
Once again he contemplates drinking some of his tea but he finds he is still unable to do so.
Or worse.
He stares at John some more.
He sits himself down, only the slightest wave of his hand is needed to light a candle, and opens the first tome.
“Sherlock....”
She will ruin him.
Watson rubs his hands across his face and eyes and gives him a rather guilty look.
Nothing for it now. Sherlock decides to just plough on ahead. The sooner he gets this over with the sooner he can either try and start forgetting about how he ever thought John would like him or , the far more unlikely outcome of this scenario, he can be just a bit more sure that John has a crush on him.
I think I could spend literal centuries like this.
Okay.
If there are more of those ghastly creatures in the house and Mary and maybe Mrs. Hudson too are roaming the halls on their own......he doesn't want to think about what might happen to them.
He doesn't want John to leave.
He craves cocaine.
The man is always so sensible.....so correct.....such a strong morale....
And they will be happy.
*************************
He wants to wipe it off but finds he can't because, once again, John is pressed close against him.
I sigh and put my phone away on the night-stand.
Like, for example, how John always gets her coffee. They still practice at the coffee-place. It has become “their place” now.
They are almost at the end of their agreed upon three weeks and Sherlock is no closer to finding a solution that doesn't involve handing the both of them over to The Order.
He'll worry about it later.
So much for starting anew. Remaining unnoticed.
At that hotel. Where they had coffee together.
'Do you always go around taking what isn't yours?'
She's not so sure about Nighthawk's reasons.
Next chapter will have to do with sex. Don't be alarmed.
As time has passed them by they both have changed.
Floating somewhere in the depths of space and time with nothing but Holmes' grasping hands for an anchor.
The convincing.
There are tears stinging in the corners of his eyes. If he replies he's afraid that the truth of his words will set them free as well.
He's probably getting impatient....wondering why John is taking so long.
The word comes out a little bit too loud and a couple of people turn around again and I stare at my hands sheepishly as I wait for them to turn back around.
He feels as if he's vibrating. As if all his nerves have been replaced by rubber bands stretched to their limits and if literally anyone were to touch him right now they'd all snap, go flying across the room and cut and slice anyone they'd come in contact with.
He will say anything to keep the warm light of Watson's golden sun from setting on him just yet.
When all else fails, there's always magic.
Sherlock has never heard John use the word “gosh” ever before.
But not yet.
'You came back.'
The erratic beeping of the monitor behind him as his heart suddenly speeds up and then slows down again might have already betrayed him.
As Sebastian's rant goes on and on John finally musters up the courage to look at Sherlock.
“Okay”, he says, “let's go.”
He just doesn't want to feel like he is wasting everyone's time.....
The face of the soldier's death is beautiful. But...not all of the time....sometimes she is an old and wrinkled woman with saggy eyelids, thin dry lips and milky eyes, when the sunlight hits her face in just the right angle, but then she'll turn slightly and she's young, beautiful and full of power once more.
The Goddess works in mysterious ways.
“You have a lovely dress”, John answers. He may be out of his depth where nobility is concerned but he does know what women like to hear.
His tongue briefly finds its way into my mouth but then he is gone. He stands on the other side of the closet and there is once again a respectable distance between us.
But sometimes loving someone means you have to let them go. No matter how much it hurts.
It was nice. Cozy.
When Sherlock regains consciousness he feels disoriented and he doesn't know where he is.
No faint glow that seems to be coming from the inside out at all.
Another silence filled the stables as Holmes once again fixed his gaze on John. His eyes now an unnatural icy blue color and John could almost feel their stare on him as a physical weight. He shifted uncomfortably.
Holmes raises a questioning eyebrow. His eyes are still a bit murky and the blue flames that normally swim through his irises seem sluggish and dulled.
Once again his hands are tucked deep inside the pockets of his coat.
Black smoke.
Sherlock squinted his eyes, the brightness a bit too dazzling after what had seemed like an eternity in the dark.
Just a simple memory trick his brother had taught him before he had left, but add just a hint of magic and the possibilities could be endless...
And what a difference a day made.
John just smiles. Finally being able to touch Sherlock a balm soothing his frayed nerves and wounded soul.
Mycroft had further explained to him that, instead of taking the last day of your life, The All would take a random day that you had already lived.
“You got an invitation to one of Patrick's parties?” She puts the emphasis on the word 'you'. I'm not really sure why but I feel slightly offended.
Holmes looks stunned for a moment but then he smiles and John swears the room is brighter for it.
John waves at her and leaves. Sherlock just stares down at his phone.
“It's getting late”, she says, “we should probably both head for bed.”
Comments are always appreciated. It's how I know I'm not just screaming into the void.
Right now I'd give him the moon if he asked.
John takes another long sip of his drink.
First John came back out, followed by his mother who, in turn, was followed by a girl bearing a striking resemblance to both John and his mother. Most likely Johns sister. Sherlock had never met her, but this had to be Harriet Watson. She had the same blond hair and blue eyes the Watson family was blessed with, the same slight upturned nose as John and, just like John, she was a bit on the short side. Sherlock couldn't help but smile.
“Because of the rugby team?”
He prayed to every god he knew that he would get there in time.
John flinches slightly on the sofa where he sits but he quickly regains his composure.
Sometimes they would talk, other times they'd just sit and enjoy each others company in silence. It all depended on the day really.
How innocent John had been.
“And what about that lady?”, he asks.
“No....', he answers hesitantly, 'no....I didn't.”
Uncomfortable, I prefer to be alone most of the time, but not unusual so I just decide to stare ahead and keep on listening.
“So I expect you need your horse?” John asks.
More intense, more terrifying, more real, now that the safety-net that Mary provided has been removed.
I'm planning to add short chapters to the main story with little snippets about how John and Sherlock spend their first summer as boyfriends together. This is the first of those short chapters.
Back in his room he flopped down on his bed unceremoniously once more. There was one more thing he could try to help him sleep. If his mother hadn't found it during one of her thorough checks of his room she disguised as “cleaning sessions”.
A soft smile forms on the man's lips eerily similar to the one in John's dream and a shiver runs up his spine.
“I know who you are.” The words come out harsh and biting and this time it's John who looks away.
'And you can't park in front of the house. If my mother sees.....that', John gestured in the general direction of the motorcycle, 'she'll have a heart attack.'
Apparently that seems to be what she is thinking because at his lack of words the look on her face turns even more solemn as she extends her arm and gently squeezes his elbow.
Just sitting with him. Talking with him. Just being allowed to be near him.
**********************************
I'm expecting him to pull his fingers away. Leave me cold once more. Just as he had done before. Backed up against a sink in a school bathroom. The ocean-blue of the bruises left by his own grasping hands turning the pale green colour of seaweed washed and dying on the shore over time. But he doesn't. He just squeezes a little harder.
******************
He's at the Order of Mages. Brilliant.
John now held the jar up directly in front of his face and as the soft glow from the bugs inside illuminated his eyes, nose and mouth the parallel only became clearer.
The dark man in the top hat is dragging her towards a line of trees.
I feel as if I've been asleep. Dreaming. Floating.
'Yes, but I never ask about your love life. I don't want to hear about your love life. You just tell me all about it anyway.'
John shivered as Sherlock's tongue lapped over the gland that lay there. Where his scent was strongest.
Just in another way.
Sherlock and John sit together in the darkness of the entry area of the stables. John has lit a few candles but they can only do so much to penetrate the darkness of the night.
Her hair is blond and long. The same colour as Mary's but not as short or as curly.
Sherlock's lips formed a soft curve as the moonlight danced over them and John wondered what they would feel like underneath his own.
“Mister Watson!”
My mother does find plenty areas to conduct her research on around here but it's just not the whole of it....not exactly.
There has been no sign of it yet.
This sensation.
'John?', her voice was soft and fragile, 'I heard you were leaving.'
They've been silent for a while now as the summer heat settles in their bones. It is a comfortable silence. They've been shouting and giggling all morning. Their voices need a bit of a rest just as much as their bodies do.
“We're here for the party.”
On their way outside they passed a large mirror hanging on the wall.
“Ehm....”, he starts again, Mrs. Hudson crosses her arms and John swallows, “I was told you needed me for some urgent business?”
He never thought he'd feel this way about anyone.
Mycroft remains quiet for a moment and when he hazards a glance to the side from underneath his fringe he sees that his older brother is looking at some empty corner of the hall with a soft smile on his face but it's gone before Sherlock can think any more of it.
She is not afraid.
“Wish me luck”, John says as he winks at him.
The woman is gone and John falls to the ground.
I don't respond. I just clench my fist around my pen, suddenly unsure what to do with it now, and stare down at my notebook.
Also: How many times can I thank people for reading this story? At least one more: thank you all!!!
He remembers throwing up one more time at the side of the road.
This update is partly here because somebody left a very sweet comment on the last chapter and I thought: "oh yeah, I should update that story again. I've been procrastinating on it."
“That's.....nice”, Sherlock says and he decides to slide his body just a little bit closer against John's. Somehow he can't seem to bring himself to look directly at John either and so he just looks at his hands instead.
“Here you go!”, Mike yells over the far too loud music as he puts another full glass of beer in front of him as he lowers himself down onto the bar-stool next to John.
So maybe Andrew has spread the rumor in an attempt to do good, to speed things along between John and I, not knowing it would backfire horribly.
Maybe John just assumes he won't be going?
She's not sure.
I shrug.
Sherlock doesn't answer.
Any excitement in his life seemed to automatically be linked to Holmes these days.
His hair is neatly curled for once. Not the wild array John has gotten used to. He wears a dark blue form fitted jacket with golden buttons, a white silk undershirt with a silk necktie and dark blue high-waisted trousers that have been tailored so precisely to Holmes' shape that they almost seem like a second skin on his long and slender legs.
Finn just chuckles. As if this is all a game to him after all.
There is nothing going on.
Mrs. Scott keeps the entire cast at school to go through scenes again and again well after her actual class has ended.
Just a small spell and then he and Watson can go home as if nothing has ever happened.
He is watching Holmes and the soldier.
“Never mind”, he says and hangs up.
John still doesn't smile back.
I hesitate and stop walking.
He does comment on the next picture:
All the message says is:
Molly never wears make-up at school.
He knows this.
This had been working out well for him. He was fine. Except for those rare occasions when the soft sadness in the headmasters gaze hit him and highlighted the cracks in his well constructed walls.
, they say. Again and again.
I feel exposed and naked under their gaze.
After all, they've just had sex about 15 minutes ago.
I frown at him.
*************************************************
As quickly as he could he dressed himself, but the fact that he could not keep his fingers from shaking made the usually simple and mundane activity difficult. Taking up more time than he had hoped it would. Precious time he was loath to lose.
“It's fine.” He doesn't want to talk about this. Not now. He's got other things to worry about.
He wanted.......something.....someone?
The sky too vast and open. Offering no protection at all.
He just hopes John will turn up soon.
No matter what happens.
He remembers the likes of Holmes not even bothering to look at him....or speak to him.....deeming him lower than the dirt beneath the soles of their shoes.
Holmes lets out a long sigh and inside of it John can see swirling patterns of light as the  magic leaves his body and fills the air around them.
Apparently it is enough.
He lets the falling rain cool him as it drips down his face and neck.
When John saw the dark man enter the stables, his air one of utter calm, poise and collectedness, he first thought he was dreaming.
*******************************************
“I saw him at least twice”, he continues, “but.....he made me......forget......I think.....I......”
'Oh god, please tell me you know his name...'
His hands tighten in my hair and he pulls, it almost hurts but just before it does his mouth is on me and soothes away any pain, on the corner of my jaw, my neck, the hollow at the bottom of my throat, leaving behind a trail of warm wetness and I feel myself sinking away in a pool of bliss.
But I'll need you
After getting in it's a relatively quiet ride. The rain has picked up a bit but not more than a moderate drizzle. I'm pretending to watch the drops work their way down the window while really I'm watching your reflection. I can see your limbs curved in on themselves. The mixes of ink blues and blacks, accentuating your pale skin. You're looking out the window too. Possibly running through the case in the way you do after every puzzle is solved. Organizing the pieces into your mental filing system. Or perhaps you're just as I am. Restless and still. Trying to rush out of yourself only to find you're too exhausted to move. Or maybe I'm being maudlin. Lost in a world where we are more than just best friends. In a place where I could have the freedom to touch and feel and taste. So lost in fact that I've failed to notice a few key things.
Sobbing, fighting, resentment, rejection
I've spent too long wanting you and missing you and loving you to settle for a fling.
As I feel you rising
Inform their respective workplaces.
You were never one for keeping quiet
For just a little while longer
He doesn't have time to ruminate. He walks through the front door, not surprised to find it open. He can hear Mrs. Hudson's crying from the stairs. Wants to console her but needs to check on John first. Sherlock would never forgive him if John didn't come first.
"Greg?"
And your weight is a steady pulse I long to feel
Let me keep you safe
As they feel your disdain
He sees nothing in the kitchen either and thinks maybe he's wrong about how odd everything feels. Maybe John couldn't bear the thought of coming home and troughed off to a bar somewhere to drown it all out.
And the small details are lost again
I follow beside you. Matching your rhythm as you guide us home. I'd follow you into a wormhole for all that you are a comet to my trail.
I can see where it overwhelms you
I open my eyes to find yours looking back at me. And where normally you're observatory, picking apart my day in the way my hair looks or in the ink marks on my sleeves, now I find your gaze is like lava under the floor of the ocean. I can see where once your body was agitated, it's now relaxed. And you're watching me like an animal to its next meal.
He hears his name mumbled from below. Pulling out of his thoughts he looks down at the man in his grasp.
The blue silk drapes itself over the corner of the bedpost like a discarded skin. It calls to him in the same way Sherlock did. All sinewed lines and deep blues. And in it he finds a small bit of inspiration. The pills are taking affect but he has a little bit of time left.
And the cacophony in my ears isn't just my beating heart anymore
Right now.
Good.
Doesn't know if he wants to.
“Shit” he grates out.
A final plea
And In this last thought, before I finally drift off into the early morning hours with the warmth of you pressed against my back, I smile because I guess the time has come for me to follow you to hell too.
Because Sherlock was so much more than someone's old, delicate heirloom.
Let me have you a little while longer
And yet I won't be lulled away from you right now
I wanted it to
My madman
So to make it right he'll go to sleep and wake up next to Sherlock again.
Wants the skin of your lips as you rage at their folly
And yet I never want to stop cracking
John doesn't think he can.
There's cold and wet rainwater soaking into the tops of my shoes for the umpteenth time in the past 2 weeks. We're finally at a breaking point. A silent interlude before the lighting in your mind connects to its mark. You've been working on this case in earnest for the past few days, interspersed with some less than ideal number of minutes sprawled on the couch. Your underfed body feigning sleep while your brain worked to unravel the mess the last murderer left behind. I can hear the agitation in your mutterings and sighs. Can see it in the minute twitch of your fingers and lips. Begging for a cigarette to take the edge off. I close my eyes and in the moment I wonder if I could do that for you. Be that hit of nicotine. Your so called conductor of light. I can see myself, running hands down the clothed plane of your chest where you lay. Invading your lungs and filling your space. Can imagine the way your soft shirt would strain as you arched in surprise at the touch. At the unexpected intrusion. Pulling you simultaneously out of your mind and into your skin. I can feel your breath as it rushes from you in a mixture of surprise and heat. And as my mind sees your eyes open, registering my touch for the first time, I feel my own body recognize your gaze. Not in my mind's eye, but in the sitting room beyond the darkness of my eyelids.
Tipping the scales once again
Not if it means I can see that look again
Sherlock ducks back down at the sound of the headmistress's voice not seeing that the boy looks back before leaving, searching for Sherlock in the hedges.
I'm caught up short by the request. Still reaquainting my mind with the reality of the sitting room. My weight in the chair all at once familiar and foreign to me.
I sit for what feels like a year. Contemplating on what could possibly be going through your head, but as I start I realize it doesn't really matter. I'd follow you through hell or high water. And it appears the high water comes now.
John was assisted in carrying their things and they entered the hospital building in a rush. It was horrid and concrete and the sight of it was intimidating. John didn’t feel good about this place. He shook it off and as they entered the building, John was stopped from following Sherlock through a set of double doors. He began to panic and say matter of fact “no I’m going with him.”
On entering John still hadn’t shut his mouth. He dropped his bag and the first thing he did was jump on the bed, and then he took off his shoes and coat and just lay in this most luxurious bed anyone could imagine. He stared out of window for a while, taking in the new city around him. Once he had calmed down he knocked on the joining door between the two rooms, to which Sherlock said immediately “Yes John.”
John just remained dumbfounded, jaw open with no intention of calling the grieving father. Sherlock curled his upper lip and grimaced an almost inaudible “Oh for gods sake” before getting his blackberry out his pocket and dialing the number from the yellow pages. It rang fifteen times before it was answered.
“She’s in here Sherlock.”
Sherlock deduces John's past before chess resumes, and the play is more than just a game.
Soon we will meet at our end, all I have to do is press send...
“We don’t know. She was an… important asset to our… trade if you can call it that. We wouldn’t kill her. Especially in the way she went. Very suspicious, don't you think? Hence why you're here.”
something. Anything. He was feeling itchy. John was yet to see that side of him. That side they talked about in therapy. That need to be occupied. Even though Sherlock was clean, there was still a chance of relapse, and the best way to avoid that was to keep Sherlock busy, they both knew that.
John is looking at him again.
By now the sun has risen again and now that the clouds of the previous days have moved on its light is far too bright as it shines directly in his eyes.
With the knowledge he has now....about magic...the magpie.....the moon-goddess.....he might be able to ascertain some clues amongst Holmes' possessions that are hidden from others.
************************************************
And never leave again.”
All he manged to do was spook a couple of birds and make himself feel even more uncomfortable.
“Yes”, he simply replies.
A child. He has visited the All a couple of months ago and his training to become a mage is well on its way.
This seems to catch Watson off guard just a little bit as some of the tension seems to leave his shoulders but the look he bears is still weary.
His mind takes him back to the last memory he has of John with a girl. John's last girlfriend.
Comments and feedback are always appreciated.
Sherlock wakes up in the middle of the night.
And he freezes in awe.
Mycroft gently cards his fingers through his brother's raven curls. Sherlock lets out a long breath. With it some of the anger mixed with sadness seems to leave his body too.
Once again he finds he's unable to form words but this time for the complete opposite reason. He's never been this happy in his life. Somehow it all feels like a dream to him.....a very good dream....but how can any of this be real.....
In the back of his mind he can hear nails scratching, walls starting to crack.....a voice whispering......
But he finds there's nowhere else in the world he would rather be right now.
On the back of John's it says: 'J.H Watson – Captain'.
I laugh and my breath forms little smoke puffs in the evening air where it leaves the warm boundary of my lips.
“One.”
The soldier casts his eyes down and looks away, still smiling.
They both just laughed then. A sound that sent chills down John's spine. These were no human voices. They belonged to fairies. There was no mistaking the almost song-like cadence of their words. How they rolled their 'R's' and wrapped their tongues around their 'L's' much like Sherlock had done when he had been teaching him the names of the flowers on their first meeting.
The last thing he did remember was pain as his magic drained from him. He remembered falling to the ground. He remembered closing his eyes. Retreating into his mind palace and locking all the doors. Barring the windows and turning down all the lights.
Comments are cherished and always appreciated.
“Finn?”
“Watson?” there's a hint of fear in Holmes' voice. No doubt John looks just as bad as he feels right now.
'And what...' John started, but it seemed Finn's talkative mood had run it's course as he interrupted him.
On occasion John will brush his index finger against Sherlock's hand and Sherlock will give him a weak smile as their fingers intertwine.
Maybe John will marry one of these girls someday.
Sherlock is afraid he might have said too much. Might have offended him.
Miss Hooper herself is no where to be seen.
Of course, John.
A bit sad?
“You'll just have to look.”
“I will, but I think he already knows.
Sherlock is still in bed.
“What are we talking about?”, Greg says.
'I said no', a moment of silence and then Finn continued in a softer tone, 'but he might need you when I get back.'
From that day on he and John were inseparable.
To have my first actual sexual encounter that went beyond just kissing and some heavy petting result in the other person not wanting to see me again.
John has something to say.
There will be a third part to this chapter. (Posted hopefully within 1-2 weeks but you know me.....)
I feign taking notes but by now I have completely lost whatever this class is about.
His dream had been nothing like his usual nightmares. For a change it had been rather pleasant.....serene......
He never intended to do that.
And I feel alive again and I hate myself for it.
John and I are definitely dating.
Or maybe.....maybe I'm just an awful friend....and an awful person.....and maybe.....just maybe.... I really do deserve John's indifference.
'I did tell you I would come and collect you, didn't I?', Holmes tone of voice was more than a little annoyed.
Instead he pulled Sherlock as tight against his body as he possibly could. Hoping the alpha felt even a fraction of what he was experiencing.
They only have eyes for each other.
No matter how hard you try, you cannot keep those you love from harm forever.
Has there always been this much magic in the world?
Honestly, tonight is fine.
Things like being too cold, or too hot, or thirsty, or hungry....
A new memory had now taken its place.
“You might not find your brother....”
I don't really remember much from my trip home but eventually I do get back.
Drowned out by the haze of cocaine and the mangled wreck it had left his mind and body in.
Anna Oop What did I miss
(See the end of the chapter for
“What makes you tick Sherlock?” John’s words brought Sherlock back to the room.
There were a series of sharp gashes, most likely caused by being beaten with some kind of cane; they were all across his torso and more than likely continued all across his back. Sherlock’s breathing had been wheezy ever since they had been reunited, and now John could see why. The left side of Sherlock’s ribcage was very disproportionate to the right. It had keeled in and Sherlock had most likely received several aimed hits, which had led to three, maybe four, crippled ribs. The wheezing may have been caused by a collapsed lung, which in turn was caused by pressure or puncture due to the broken ribs. Sherlock hadn’t coughed up any blood yet, and this either meant the lung was only bruised and not punctured, which was preferred, or this meant they were running out of time.
The woman typed for what felt like a most unnecessary amount of time. John kept looking at the door waiting for this mob to show up and lead him to his execution. Once the bill was paid for and the card was back to its owner, the woman went to speak but John didn’t wait. He wheeled Sherlock out of the door, and with a lot of serious pain, squeezed him into a back of a taxi before following him and saying “airport please.”
The hotel is glorious and John and Sherlock rest up before the real work begins.
“I don’t think I could eat a thing Watson.”
“Interesting Watson, I see you play offensive, good.”
“Well even though those five people are strangers, that doesn’t make them any less important than my ‘loved’ one. Besides they might be parents with children, or a leading doctor whose death would cause hundreds of other people to die. Sure I would be sad, and the rest of my family and friends would most likely struggle to understand, if they knew. My life would be ruined, but that is one persons life rather than the potential hundreds associated with those five.” Sherlock nodded and there was a moment’s silence before John continued, rather shyly in his tone, “Besides it probably helps that I don’t have a particular someone to envision as that one person. It makes me more detached from the scenario I suppose.”
“I don’t accept that Sherlock, I am more than likely not as smart as you” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Yes alright, I am not as smart as you Sherlock, undoubtedly so, but I think I understand human emotion enough to call bollocks on this lonely persona you have created because you believe it will help you in your work. People protect people Sherlock, especially good people. I think you’re the one who has much to learn.” On John’s last word he leaned over and moved his offensive castle from D6 to D3, taking one of Sherlock’s pawns at D3.
We Want To See. Paul Delaney Is In His Grave
TELL ME
Sherlock pulled out the letter from anonymous and handed it too Lestrade, who took it by his nails. On reading it Lestrade said, “well they are right of course.”
Tell me if you would like me to write more! Thank you, check out my other works, Johnlock AU.
Now the game was on.
(See the end of the chapter for
I hope you enjoy it x
“Mary my love, this is going to take a while, put the kettle on.”
Sherlock passed the book to John and pointed to a
in French, two parts coffee liquor, five parts vodka and cream, all poured over ice, it cannot be shaken otherwise the cream may curdle, stirred only" said Sherlock all whilst stirring his own drink with the provided spoons. "How the bloody hell are we supposed to get past all this?" John huffed, gesturing to the tower of whipped cream. "Improvise Watson" said Sherlock, who then proceeded to swab an index finger to the peak of the cream and then suck it off his finger. John did the same, and by god it was sweet. The room seemed to settle all of a sudden, a wave of steady washed about them and the boat no longer rocked.
Sherlock sat down in front of John and what sat before him were a glass of water and an assortment of fruit.
John sounded the most concerned and sad anyone could muster, and regardless of the words, the true message was easy to find; sorry. John said only “Sherlock.”
“Easy, say everything on your mind. I do that anyway John. I have a new rule, every question asked we both have to answer.”
Where will he be
“Anderson.”
Stay tuned ;) x
Sherlock replied whilst seating himself on the dead woman’s sofa with paper in hand “yes, and write it, speaking it is a different story though, I struggle with the linguistics.”
“I reiterate; happens more than you think.”
“Except yours most likely won’t kill you.”
At some point they were put into a back of some kind of a vehicle, most likely a car. They were forced to lie down in the fetus position, squashed next to one another with their heads to the floor. Somehow it seemed Sherlock had managed to get the tape away from his lips, admittedly it was still muffled and as quiet as breath but at least he could speak. The words almost made a completely terrified John jump out of skin.
There was moment of silence, only the whirring road beneath could be heard until Sherlock said quietly, "seven deadly sins." John responded immediately, "sins?" Sherlock made a hum indicating a yes, before going through his thought process. "Lust, divorced with three children, marriage maybe fell apart from an affair, especially ironic as he was a reverend, there's a motive, Gluttony, you saw him with your own eyes, big fat self righteous man, could've just been a case that the murderers didn't like him, his stature or his character, people have been murdered for less, Greed, the gold chain alone suggested maybe he lost everything else gambling, long shot before you rub it in, there is also the accusation of trying to wrongly claim the Dupont fortune, the man liked money and lots of it, Sloth, again he was fat but he was also initially a clergyman, that's a lazy job if ever I've heard one, so again not a nice character, not easy to get along with, Wrath, we know he doesn't get along with gay son, so he's a homophobe and potentially an avid racist, if there isn't another kind of racist, KKK connections, so to not accept people as nature intended then suggests he's an angry sort, maybe there was an unforgivable incident of racism or homophobia which wildly escalated, Envy, the man tried to steal Dupont fortune and he is in politics, so he had an ego to feed, envy causes the worst in people, Pride, proud patriot, religious division, not forgetting the American Christian Academy he never shut up about. John to be honest I would guess that if you and I met him in life we'd probably want to kill him too." With that silence was achieved and they'd only managed to keep Sherlock occupied for six minutes after the initial announcement of boredom. John just said "right." They were in silence for another ten minutes before John asked, "Sherlock do you like car games?"
I'M ON A BOAT MOTHER FUCKER I'M ON A BOAT
John knew he was right of course, he went to place his hands on the ground in order to help himself stand but Sherlock stopped him, “no! We can’t have any fingerprints mixing with whatever could be on deck, I realize we have just rolled around but let’s not change anything more.” John nodded, then awkwardly tried to raise himself without using his hands, it proved tricky so Sherlock grabbed one of his arms and together they stood. They smiled at one another once more, still not quite over what hilarity had just passed. It was a memory both were to treasure for many years.
“John, the pain.” It was then that John saw what he was truly witnessing. Sherlock was sitting on the bed, exactly where John put him around ten minutes ago. He was looking the worst John had ever seen him (bearing in mind that John had sat with him through his nights of withdrawal) and his face was that of a child’s. Sherlock was slightly hunched over and he was using his left hand to clutch his collapsed in rib rage which sat on the right side of his body. His face was contorted with pain and his eyes were so full of tears John couldn’t understand how the water hadn’t reached its fill and breached to slip down his bruised cheeks, then roll over his dry lips before dropping from his chin to pool in his palms that lay beneath him. John took a deep breath and wandered over to Sherlock to kneel and take Sherlock’s free hand in his.
“Sherlock who’s Mrs. Hudson?”
As John proceeded to pour the milk, stir the tea and bring it over daintily to where Sherlock sat, Sherlock said something that nearly made John spill the boiling liquid all over them both.
GOD DAMN
John turned to face the detective, wonder in his eyes, "yes, quite Sherlock. Yes, I do like the sea." With that he turned to face the ever passing water once more. Sherlock was hesitant but he felt this niggling in his gums, he needed to know more, compute all this, learn all of John's humanity. He didn't need to feel all of life at once, because he could do it through John. "How so?" was all Sherlock managed, John turned around once again, Sherlock was interested, it made him feel wanted. It was, nice. John began to speak in the same manner, quiet as if he was conferring the most important secret of all, interweaving his inner most self with Sherlock's senses. "It reminds me of how small I am, no matter how important we think we are, it is nature that will win, the ocean could spew any of us with no consideration, it's the same feeling I get when I look at the stars, one day the sun will expand and then collapse in on itself, dragging us all and all that has ever been made here with it, to a planet millions of miles away it will just look like a tiny star has gone out, when a whole solar system has imploded into nothing, you and me and all of this" John gestured to the life outside himself, Sherlock watched his hands and interpreted their gravitas, and then John continued, Sherlock clawing at every syllable, "and all of it is joined at the seams, the perfect stitch, impossibly synced, the sun warms the water, the moon moves the waves, the sea moves the land, the land is where we must be. It controls everything, but it's just all so beautiful at the same time." With that John turned back to look at the waves, and they were even close enough now that John could see the white tips of the water as they rose and dipped, rose and dipped, rose and dipped. Sherlock meanwhile could do nothing other than look at John until the bus eventually stopped with a sputter. How could he see all of that by just looking at a large area of endless blue liquid? Sherlock, could not see it, he wanted to see it. Maybe he would, but for now he would just have to use John to guide him through this blindness.
“I’m sorry Mr. Holmes I don’t accept it, come on get up to the presumptuous chair we go.” John headed over to Sherlock’s bed and pulled back the covers in a purposefully dramatic fashion. Sherlock was very naked. Naked as the day he was born in fact. “Well doctor I didn’t think we would get to know each other this well this quickly.”
He kissed his wife good-bye and followed his friend. Mary watched them walk down the street like two skipping schoolboys.
(See the end of the chapter for
John awakes from his fainting at the restaurant and faces the apparently living Sherlock.
John placed his right hand on the castle located on his left side, so that he was reaching over his body. He dramatically slid the piece from H8 to H6.
No one can hide
Sherlock’s entire body was swaying and you could tell he really had to try and concentrate on whatever John was saying, to the point where his mouth was agape with the effort. “The best sex, the best sex I’ve ever had, hm, I don’t know, somewhere, with someone. I’ll just drink John, coz’ honestly I cannot even, I just I mean.” Sherlock then proceeded to down his entire drink, which was practically full. The sight made a very drunk John chuckle. On finishing said drink, Sherlock put his plastic cup down on the moveable tray, wiped his mouth and said, “you John? What (* hiccup *) what about you?”
DoN'T wOrRy BaBeS
Sherlock was shaking slightly, it could have been from his body attempting to repair itself from its abuse, or just maybe, just maybe, it could have been from John’s words. His eyes were cast to his lap and his body was no longer tense.
At this stage Sherlock was becoming animated, he was moving his hands and excitedly linking his words together. John smiled in surprise. “Sherlock I thought you’d be difficult, I thought it would take hours to get a genuine peep out of you.”
the end is fAstly coMing
“Sherlock stop, it’s okay, we can talk as plain as we like. We are not children. Please, it is interesting. Why do you think I went to war? Be as honest as possible.” John spoke calmly and stroked Sherlock’s nerves.
Sherlock began “John..”
On arriving at Sycamore Avenue, Anderson got out the key to the front door before reaching the gate. The house was shrouded with hedges so you could only see the second story. It was a grand house, double fronted with big windows. Completely symmetrical. Almost gothic in its demeanor.
Sherlock gave a curt nod and rolled back both his sleeves, left first followed by the right. They both watched Sherlock’s working hands as if the movement of his fingers was hypnotic. Once the task was completed, Sherlock rested his elbows then the rest of his arms right up to his fingertips like a wave on the table’s surface. John took hold of the left wrist using all of his ten digits and pulled the arm closer to him. It was delicate as if he had found a feather and feared that he would damage any of the minute structures it possessed. He looked at every inch of the skin until satisfied. He repeated the step on the right arm before gently informing Sherlock that it was okay for him to relax now. Sherlock retreated his arms like a snake would sneak off into its hide.
Sherlock unfolded his arms and looked Lestrade close in the face to the point that the D.I could feel the breath on his face, “reasons.” With that Sherlock was out the door. John and Lestrade looked at one another and then simultaneously realised where Sherlock was heading. In a panic they lurched from their positions, John bag in hand and Lestrade close behind, and leapt at Sherlock, just in time to both grab him before he entered the interview room. In a semi-whisper, semi-shout, John said “Sherlock! You can’t just stroll in?! We need, we need a…” Sherlock replied cool as ever, “plan? Oh please John you know that is not what I do, besides we are more than prepared, why wait for the show to begin?” With that he released himself from John’s grip and opened the door using Lestrade’s key card. It seems he had pick pocketed the Detective Inspector whilst John was drilling off the necessity points. Lestrade reached for his pockets, utterly dumbfounded, John shrugged and immediately followed the spontaneous interviewer through the door, which closed immediately behind him. Lestrade remained watching unable to now open any door as he had been locked out of everything. He wasn’t even able to watch through the mirror-window. He had been left out in the dark. John and Sherlock were left with a potential murderer and his secretly gay lawyer, and it was 100% his fault, ‘if only Sherlock wasn’t such an arse’ he thought. With that he practically sprinted along the corridor, let himself out through the bland deceitful door and ran to his office. He had never been so happy to see Anderson in his whole life. “Anderson I need your key card!” The urgency had knocked Anderson off his feet, his face scrunched up and the speed was unbearable. “
“Yes.”
John spoke, “so he was in real estate?”
John goes to get the chess set, but the notice of his bare feet leads to a surprising conversation between he and his patient Sherlock, before chess can even begin.
"John.”
The building was large, almost prehistoric with its layout. You can easily imagine this building being used as a temporary hospital during the Blitz. The large red brick walls encased a long corridor with private rooms divvied off of it. Most of the carved wooden doors were closed filled with secrets and personal stories of a troubled life pre-rehab. The only things modern about the place were the signs allocating the different sections of the rehabilitation facilities. Obnoxious and plastic they read things like ‘therapy room, Dr. Philbert’ or ‘MRI’ or ‘liver analysis ward.’ God it smelt awful. Smelt like sobriety.
"The Catacombs sil vous plait."
Sherlock and John made it onto the plane that was supposed to be their salvation. Sherlock is severely injured and he collapses on the plane. John needs to save his friend. Why can't he save his friend. Live Sherlock live, please.
12 days passed for both Doctor and patient.
“Sherlock will you let me join you on cases indefinitely? I mean we may need a tester period, you may not think I’m right for it but..”
On coming up to the glass he was glad and both terrified that he couldn’t see Sherlock’s face. It was turned away, facing the furthest wall. He had tubes up his nose and blood was draining from his nostrils. He had an oxygen mask hovering over his face above all the tubes and the nonsense, but to John’s delight he could see Sherlock’s breath fogging up the plastic mask. They were about to start a chest tube insertion. Sherlock’s arm was pushed upwards so that his entire left flank was exposed. A small incision had been made and a tube had been entered just below his armpit not too far from the nipple. The tube was being funneled through to drain the lung of fluid. It appeared to be working to. Whilst this was going on another person was re-stitching the entire temporary stitches John had made back at the hotel that felt like forever ago, and simultaneously a further two people where making an incision into Sherlock’s front. Immediately John knew what they were doing and he was happy with their decision. With a hot piece of metal they then fused the broken lung tissue together to form a scar but a seal. It was Sherlock’s ribs that were the real mess. The two lowest ribs were completely shattered, and were just removed entirely. The two above those appeared to be fractured. John knew that only time would heal those. They re-stitched Sherlock up and now started preparing for post-op. Sherlock was okay. He was actually going to be okay. John had been standing there for what felt like five minutes, and when Sherlock was pushed out of the doors, once more out of view, John looked up at the large clock in the surgery beyond the glass, and in actuality he had been there for over three hours.
So that was that conversation over. The two men sighed and Sherlock could feel himself on the verge of needing to leap out of his seat and
Immediately without hesitation Sherlock moved the pawn that was allocated in front of his King from D2 to D3. Now the space on the board was starting to free up. John felt a pang of excitement to see Sherlock’s king exposed.
Flying was something the detective and his assistant had experienced together (fully) once before. It was an agreeably messy experience, both parties became increasingly drunk and got to know arguably too much information about the other via a game of would you rather. It was a happy memory for them both, and whilst it was under a fortnight ago, it felt like a very distant one, if not a dream. As they boarded a plane in Nanjing, John thought of how ridiculous the last two and only flights he had been on with Sherlock. The first was one that was full of fun, excitement and the potential for adventure. Neither men had ever been to China before and it was to be a place of promise, and insight into their first case together. Instead they saw none of the country, or even city, that flight landed them in. Instead they both saw four grey walls and chains that suggested they may in fact never be free of. John was sad. It would have been nice to see some of it, any of it.
“Yes John, you’d be right. I see you have already set up chess. You’ve chosen the black side, interesting. Why give me the advantage of starting first? Maybe you like the underdog. Or maybe you think you are good enough to win without the advantage.”
John placed a clenched fist to his chin. “Well read, intelligent, likes crime novels and photography. So potentially a bit of an adrenaline junkie?”
They walked through the gate stifled by the arched hedge and Watson admired the beauty of the garden. Flowers of such variety. It was well kept and clear that someone really cared about this garden. Maybe even a bit OCD about the whole thing. Near the building were three little white house shaped blocks. Slabs of concrete were placed under the quant huts, keeping them high and prominent above all else it seems. They looked secretive and suspicious all at the same time. When John pointed them out to Sherlock on route to the front door, the smile that spread across Sherlock’s face! It was unfathomable. He excitedly skipped over to the white blocks, with his hands emphatically reaching towards the boxes. “Oh Eleanor! You brilliant woman!”
Then he looked sad, just for a second but John saw it. He wasn’t there in that moment, his eyes were out at sea and his mind was gone, just for a breath. Maybe he was disappointed to have got something wrong. John tried to pull him back, “so the case? Was that helpful at all or…” Sherlock shook his head and looked at the sand between John and he, “none of the boats were big enough, and it wasn’t there.” Then he looked John in the eyes, clearly one hundred percent focused on what he wanted to sat, “new theory” John turned to face Sherlock more at his words, demonstrating nothing but appreciation and interest. “The murderer or murderers are no longer here.” John nodded but he knitted his brow, trying to weave together Sherlock’s thought process, “then where would they go? And you think with the boat?” Sherlock nodded and then back tracked to answer the first question, “you need a passport to travel far, and most boats now carry fuel, they cannot have asked for a huge amount of fuel for a long journey without subsequent reasoning or arousing suspicion.” John nodded and wiped the corner of his mouth with his thumb, deep in thought, “so if they can’t go far, do you think they are still in England or…” Sherlock looked out to the water and spoke staring into its moonlit abyss, “no they would have to go further, Coast guards up the whole of Britain would record the siting and their where about, so I would guess, across the channel, to France, they could go off the radar, turn off any equipment that makes their travels traceable and easily make up some excuse at docking.”
Sherlock, John and Anderson have just entered the victim's Hampstead flat, and they begin their initial deductions on who may have been the killer. Anderson really is useless.
ENJOY
“No Sherlock, not how you survived, I don’t care about that I want to know why.”
Sherlock and John race to Paddington train station to get their train to a case that awaits for them in a beautiful part of the world, Somerset. John makes a romantic error and Sherlock does something which, whilst it benefits the case, it is not necessarily legal...
The boys were pleased to receive the next case almost immediately. John and Sherlock had two days case free. John was very happy for the two days, and quite frankly he could have had a whole week, however Sherlock was desperate for something else to do after a mere six hours. He stumbled around the flat sometimes in silence and sometimes in loud babble; continuous nonsense that John didn't listen to. The second day mainly consisted of Sherlock playing his violin in a bed sheet. John could not stop laughing every time he saw Sherlock walk around in that sheet.
Sherlock’s smiled. Plan A was direct, completely bold and deserving of a win.
The board's orange glow shaped letters informed the pair that their train was in thirteen minutes. Sherlock asked John to go and get their tickets, John asked "why me?  What are you doing that is so important?" Sherlock rolled his eyes, "John just get the tickets, here." Sherlock handed John a card from his wallet but John furrowed his brow, "no I'll get them." John began to walk away in a mild huff but Sherlock chased him and nudged his arm, "John it's the card for the joint account, the work account." Sherlock raised his eyebrows in a 'take it' suggestion. John sighed, he'd forgotten about the joint account. When he took the card he realised that he didn't know the pin number but Sherlock beat the question, he grabbed John's arm once more and put his mouth close to his ear. He breathed in John's ear, "1971," John felt the tingle of the breath move down his neck and shake his spine. Then he realised, this was the year of his own birth. Sherlock surely didn't create an account with him in mind, would he? John pulled his face away, both hands remained connected through the thin piece of plastic that made their cases a reality. John's confusion clearly showed, "yes John I'm aware that is the year of your birth, thought it would be easy for you to remember." With that Sherlock was away, heading back towards the boards or wherever he apparently needed to be. John could not move for a second, he really let his romantic side take over it seemed. He blushed and the heat in his face forced him to turn away from his friends general direction towards the ticket machines.
He brought his suitcase over from the chair it was left on and pulled out one of the casual tees he had packed. Leaping over the incapacitated Sherlock he went to the bathroom and grabbed one of those complimentary needle and thread kits hotels often have for no reason at all. Now there was a reason. On returning, he tore off a piece of material from the tee, then doused it in vodka before informing Sherlock that “this is going to hurt.” He then rubbed the alcohol over the wounds on Sherlock’s torso. It did in fact hurt.
Its head separates from its body and rolls down the gentle slope of the ground beneath his feet.
Pressed tightly against John's firm chest. The sound of his heartbeat strong in his ear, the rise and fall of his chest a reassuring rhythm underneath Sherlock's hands, the smell of him making its way into his nose and lungs finally allowing him to breathe again.......he chooses to believe him.
For a moment his hand just hovers in the air. Reaching out to Sherlock. Wanting to touch but not sure if he's allowed to.
'Why on earth should I do that?' Sherlock tried sounding flippant and failed miserably.
So he tried to turn away from her, focus his attention elsewhere and definitely not think of dark curls, color changing eyes and the feeling of Master Holmes' naked flesh underneath his fingertips, but Mary was having none of it as she grabbed his arm and held him in place.
Once again he realizes he is speaking.
“Yes', he says.
“Neither did I”.
Even if he has a lifetime to learn all there is to know about this man it might not be enough.
'It should be here in about two weeks', he answered his father. His tone dejected as he refused to look him in the eye. The rain was still pouring down, making it hard to see out of the window. The sky, packed with clouds, hung overhead like a big, gray feather down blanket so thick that you couldn't even see the sun.
She had cried. She had screamed.
An epiphany
It will be the perfect moment.
“Believe me, you have absolutely no reason to be jealous of Victor Trevor.”
Sherlock is positive that in that moment his heart has stopped beating. It must have. He has surely died and gone to heaven.
He's the one who invited me here.....he's the one who.....
Apparently that's all the encouragement she needs because she launches into another no doubt equally painfully dull anecdote straight away.
“Wow there!” John had, surprisingly, still been laughing. His arm never leaving Sherlock's waist. If anything he had gripped him a bit tighter. Keeping him from falling as his body doubled over on itself.
John was about to say something, but she continued of her own accord keeping her face fixed on her tea, not meeting his eyes.
All of a sudden John feels guilty for even considering such a notion.
More than fine.
“Are you calling for your cousin again?” Bill continues. His tone oh so cheery and light. Sherlock feels like strangling him with the phone cord.
Holmes cast his eyes to the ceiling as he let out an exaggerated sigh: 'the world', he said. That smile never fully leaving his face.
His own breath is coming in short gasps as well now too.
For a moment he remains quiet. I'm starting to think he's not going to speak. That he is just here to silently judge me but then he does say something:
What if the last time John spoke to me will have been that argument.......what if........
I just groan. Talking is hard today. There are razorblades in my throat and my tongue feels thick and still far too dry.
His teachers seemed to have quite the opposite effect. When he was following his many classes on language, decorum and etiquette time seemed to flow like molasses and he found himself utterly stuck in it.
Sherlock sleeps for about an hour just after dawn while Finn just hides in the shade and glowers at the rising sun.
Things between him and his mother were not the same as they once had been and god only knew where his sister even called home at the moment. At times like this he just felt melancholy and lonely.
It had all started at school that afternoon. After classes had ended Sherlock had gone to find John so they could head over to his house together for their weekly study session. Granted, their sessions had gotten significantly less fun now that they were being supervised by Johns mother, but still, Sherlock felt that any day where he got to be close to John was a good day. So if the only way they could manage this was under the watchful eye of Johns overbearing mother then so be it. He had been pretty sure John felt the same.
The nobleman's smile widened: 'Are you the stableman here?'
Perfectly broken.
“It's alright”, he says, mainly because that's what people say in these kinds of situations .Not because he actually believes it. He and Holmes both know what happened here. They've waited too long.......the Magpie King......he has caught up with them and because of them an innocent girl has died.
And they begin again.
Sherlock was silent for a couple of seconds, opened his mouth as if he was going to say something, closed it again and eventually settled on: 'you're just going to have to trust me on this one.'
He will no longer hide from John but he will search him out.
Sherlock knows what Finn will say.
Before he realizes what he's doing he's already moving towards the door.
'If it's fine then why have you been avoiding me ever since?'
He lets out a sob as he clutches a clenched fist to his chest.
“I doubt either of those sentences are in there.”
“I've only been gone a day”, Holmes replies as the corners of his mouth turn up into a mischievous grin.
Understands all of him.
It was then that he realized he had been crying.
His ride here has been uncomfortable. The sun, unrelenting and hot, has been heating him up from the outside and his unwavering rage directed at the stupidity of Master Holmes has been heating him up from the inside out.
If one gets cut off you can still try and catch your prey with one of the others.
John Watson finds himself blissfully alone.
This is unfortunate.
“What does it say?” he asks as Holmes folds open the paper. For a couple of minutes Holmes' eyes scan the words, written in a very curvy handwriting as far as John can tell from his position, and then he replies:
I feel myself blushing without wanting to. I've given the man a handjob, surely I should be able to talk about kissing him and yet......the kisses we shared on my bed somehow felt a lot more private and intimate than drunkenly putting my hand down his pants on a dark street-corner.
She doesn't need to know what they are saying.
The sound of a familiar voice snaps him out of the moment.
His grin widens and I feel cold. I want to run. I want to check my phone. Hoping against all hope that finally,
A smile is on his face as his eyes shine with barely contained power.
Let them remember.
For a moment they stand there like that. Holmes' breathing evening out as John traces gentle lines across the skin of his neck with the tips of his fingers.
It had reminded John of the events of the night before.
He has asked her if she is the East Wind more than once but she never answers.
How I know him.
John looks uncomfortable and that part of Sherlock's mind that he's having trouble quietening, wonders whether, maybe, it's because of him.
We are at the beginning of the story once again.
She tries warning these people about their imminent fate.
Holmes an Watson make their way to the Hooper Estate.
It's still the same carefree, light thing it always has been.
He thought it would have been more.
kissing him.
In his small bedroom above the stables.
He keeps his hands wrapped around Sherlock. He needs as many points of contact between them as he possibly can.
I press the fingers of my right hand into the marks that circle my biceps. John's fingers are shorter than mine so I end up bending my knuckles in a slightly uncomfortable angle to make it work.
“Bad night again?”, John asks him when he comes in the next morning. The look he gives Sherlock is full of sympathy.
He had come to the conclusion that a party would be the perfect location for this.
I get my first sense that things might not be fine after all when I get to school.
He is still laying in a bed that's far too soft for his liking and apparently, while he was out cold, someone has dressed him in a pair of pajamas he doesn't recognize. Their material equally soft to the touch and equally disagreeable.
He would appear at the stables at the most random of times. John hardly ever actually saw him come in. Usually, all of a sudden, he was just...there.
“Yeah? What happens to her?”
“You might die.”
Thank goodness Watson is still amenable as he turns himself around, soft smile on his face and sunlight in his eyes, and covers Sherlock's lips with his own.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment but John knows he's being given “The Look”.
I silently hope it's not one of the boys from my class. If it is they might bully me relentlessly again over this.
His father seemed positively star-struck now.
He'd probably literally die of embarrassment if John knew that had been him.
I leave before he is able to stop me.
“Listen, Sherlock”, John says, “I'm really sorry. Sometimes I talk but don't actually think. I didn't mean to offend you.”
He doesn't think he'll ever grow tired of kissing Holmes.
What does that even mean?
“Ehm.....hey”, I try.
Sherlock thinks this over for a while.
They see even less of each other after that.
For the rest of the class I feel as if I've been struck by lightning and all that electricity is refusing to leave my body as it zings its way through every single one of my cells.
He takes a couple of deep breaths in and out as he thinks of Sherlock.
He had never actually gone through with it, but more than once he had found his hands idly tying and untying bits of rope in some barn or other where he was momentarily employed to do the odd job and wondered what it would feel like stretching across his neck.
“Say no more”, he says, “I don't envy you. Is it Patrick? I always got that sort of vibe from Patrick......is that why you were at his party?”
He's given up the drugs but not the smoking. Somehow that seemed like a step too far.
Maybe he has changed his mind about me after all.....about us.
It was as if someone was tickling him there. Gently grazing their fingers over his skin.
Without waiting for a reply Holmes just turned around and left. Leaving John with more questions than answers. That had not sorted the matter in the slightest. Had Holmes only come here to ask for Johns silence on the matter then? Had he honestly thought John would be the kind of person that would go around spreading more rumors about his employer? Had this conversation even been about the events of last night at all?
“Well”, she says, “if you're going to be like that I can't be here. I'm going...” she looks around the room and points to a spot near the kitchen where a small group of people is talking amongst each other, “.....over there.........where there is less mutual pining and more actual partying.”
He's always so alone.
You knew.
I covertly check my phone underneath the table but there is still nothing.
“John is my boyfriend now”, I say.
Sherlock is, once again, too far away to hear what they are saying but Molly has the biggest smile on her face.
He felt not quite like himself, but somehow at ease, his defenses lowered, still trying to make sense of the strange situation he found himself in and so he did not notice another sound that was coming from the darkness behind him.
But they don't see it. They only have eyes for each other.
Sherlock had felt excited but also a little bit frightened. As if he had already known what was about to follow.
Familiar.
“I did mean it”, John's voice breaks the tranquil silence around us.
As his own horses' hooves beat the icy moonlit soil beneath the sound thundered loudly in the eerie silence that had been all encompassing justs moments before. In their steady cadence that seemed to beat in time with his heart he could hear one word and one word alone. Repeated over and over and over.....
These details are also vague to him now.
He would have asked where I lived.
Miss Hooper just smiles sadly and shakes her head.
He doesn't do that anymore.
“John”, he says because, at the moment, all other words seem to escape him.
“I didn't mean....”, he says, “I meant just coffee.......that's all.....I didn't......”
Finn narrowed his eyes. It was clear he was not buying into the lie. His eyes searching John for clues and then they widened as they fell on the only part of the medallion that was visible. The silver chain around his neck. And all of a sudden Finn seemed to turn quite pale.
Anyway: thoughts and comments always appreciated.
It was night. Had been for a while now. There was a full moon in the sky and, now that the gray clouds that had hung overhead so oppressively during the day had moved along, countless stars could be seen.
Why Holmes' magic sings to him.
Sherlock actually laughs then. He'll never admit it out loud but he is thankful for Finn being here.
And as far as modesty goes....well.....they have seen each other naked many times by now.
I take a sip of my beer instead.
Part of me wants to go back, tell him that I didn't mean what I said, that I'll wait for him to change his mind, I'll wait until he thinks it's safe to be seen with me again.......but then......where would that leave us?
He'd just....look at him.
“Is she some kind of scientist?”, I startle a bit at the sound of John's voice and some of my tea sloshes over the side of the mug and hurts the skin of my hand. I pretend not to notice. I pretend the sting isn't there, “she's always got all those complicated looking papers lying around”, John continues.
John actually started giggling again and after a couple of seconds of just staring at him with a very confused look on his face Sherlock joined in.
And John had never quite been able to work up the courage to go and talk to him.
He can feel it.
“I like reading scientific papers in my spare time and I collect Victorian medical books”, Sherlock replies.
At that point in time she chooses to believe something else.
John moves where Sherlock guides him. His fingers a warm, reassuring pressure where they gently press into his hips.
I sort of simultaneously nod and shake my head at the same time because she probably is and isn't a scientist at the same time. I mean....I think she is....but probably not in the way John means it.
Saves me the trouble of having to do it myself.'
Despite what he's told Sherlock about not caring what other's think about them....about him....it seems the conversation has not gone the way he thought it would.
John doesn't know what to say.
“Most definitely.”
“Oh for God's sake....”
'Who was it, John?', the words were spoken softly, but they were full of barely contained fire and every word was enunciated perfectly.
Because I need to feel something and all other emotions seem inadequate or far too painful right now.
Something glinting in the moonlight.
And, perhaps, in some way he does.
'What about it?' Holmes reply a gravely whisper in his ear as he now stood so close to his side that he felt the warmth of his body against him.
Following the rules has lost him his brother...his father.....a chance of a normal life.
John lowers his head and laughs.
“I'm sorry”, he says again. The words no more than a whisper more felt than heard as they ghost over my lips like a warm breeze.
As he sits down in his seat his elbow slightly bumps into the man on the seat next to him.
Of course he is.
At this point he's also just curious.
“Don't say you're sorry”, he says. His eyes shoot fire. He might be cold on the outside but he's burning up from the inside out.
John whispers over the scene in a thick and rather awful high-pitched French accent and once the movie does end I'm sad that it's over.
His face is inscrutable once again as he stares out across the now empty fields below.
He retched.
Maybe playing cards was a bad idea after all.
It's what he does to people who get close to him.
He looks to find John.
Or.....rather....buried them below the rugby field......deep down.......way, way down.
Not that he is handling the whole situation particularly well at the moment anyway.
'We have not come here to ask your permission for anything', he said, 'I am not yours to give. I am mine and mine alone. I have chosen to give myself to Sherlock and in return he has given himself to me. For over eighteen years you have never once cared for me or been there for me so don't expect any courtesy from me now.
“I was wondering when you'd catch on”, Holmes says as he lays out the rest of his hand. He's won again. Of course he has.
The smile Greg gives him then is so sincere that all Sherlock can do is nod.
But, then again, he hasn't given him much reason to believe otherwise.
The game continues as if nothing has happened. John feels as if he can breathe again for the first time that day and Holmes wins another round.
“Maybe that was intentional.”
Maybe.
“John......John.....John......”
I sincerely hope I did our boys first time justice, I always have such a hard time writing the "sexy times".
It was as if the wind itself had frozen too. Fallen victim to the unforgiving arctic night, laying low somewhere deep underground, only returning to breathe life into the world when the days started lengthening once more.
To Sherlock it is as if the sun has suddenly manifested itself inside of the dim and stifling hospital-room only this time it's not trying to scorch him alive.
Eventually, after what seems like a lifetime, they reach the kitchen. This room is dark and silent as well. Just as the rest of the house.
Holmes had given an exasperated sigh as he rolled his eyes.
John wavers for a moment and so Sherlock does too.
Doesn't he know that John has also seen how special Sherlock is? That he should be protected at all costs?
John says nothing more. He fidgets with the seam of his jeans. The sleeves of his shirt. His eyes are cast down to where he twists his fingers in his lap.
When he finally did get there he tied his horse haphazardly to the first tree he saw.
“I remind you of a woman?”
It has fallen off of its hinges and the doorway is getting bigger and bigger.
There is still no coffee.
“I'm done waiting”, I say but I don't mean it, of course I don't mean it. Once again I hope he'll come after me and grab my wrist and stop me from walking away but I keep forgetting we are not in a romance novel.
The both of them, together, in a nice and cozy room with a door with a lock.
John bumps him with his knee again. Slightly harder this time.
“Just to be sure I'd check his fingers for a wedding ring next time he gives you a handjob”, Andrew says.
Mycroft knows this.
He's told his parents about his relationship with Sherlock the previous evening.
John sent him that. Just now.
It is not to John.
One of them sounds an awful lot like Greg Lestrade's, the other is unmistakably his brother.
Sherlock hearts stops once again. He feels he might need a full day to recover once this conversation is over.
He feels like leaving. He should leave. This was a mistake. He can't even pull his hands through his curls because he's slicked them back and if he pulls his hand through his hair now it'll come back all greasy and sticky.
He is unsure.
His father knew very well when his next heat would be.
......he is.....he is not.....I forbid it.”
Not in the slightest.
He will put the needs of others before his own.
He also wishes he could keep them for just a moment longer.
It's a room on the fourth floor.
“No.”
His gaze follows the arm to a broad shoulder attached to the sleeping figure of John Watson.
I sigh.
Whatever.
Slowly the darkness in front of him takes a shape and John somehow feels it more than he actually sees it.
She shouldn't let her fantasies get the better of her.
Why would Greg say such a thing....and in relation to John..........
Maybe he has....... regrets?
And then there were his eyes. From his hiding spot in the hallway well across the room he couldn't make out their color, but it was almost as if they shone with a light of their own. A light you could only really tell was there when you were looking directly at them.
***************************************************************************************
He feels himself falling.
Holmes actually chuckled at this.
So he just decides to answer with:
And then our stop comes into view, the bus slows down, the doors open, John gets up and I follow him outside, into the cold morning air.
“You are allowed to call him a twat”, Sherlock says, “I do.”
By then he had figured out that girls.....were definitely not his area.
“Absolutely not. I forbid it.”
“Well?”, John asks. Still a slightly breathless edge to his words, “where is he taking her?”
Eventually he does manage to fall asleep and when he opens his eyes again it is morning once more.
John finds he has run out of questions.
“chat?”
The room is cold now that the fire has completely died down and the cool morning air seems to stick to his bed-warm skin.
He gestures towards the bottle of beer in my hand.
John has this way of turning everything he used to think was right on its head. It's making him dizzy.
'I said I'm fine!' John shouted now. Hoisting himself upright again. His muscles fueled by rage, shame and pure adrenaline.
Sherlock feels entirely too cold now that Watson has left in such a hurry. He pulls the blankets a little bit tighter around himself but it is to no avail.
I count myself lucky to have someone like Molly as my best friend. I don't know how I would have reacted if our positions were reversed. If she....
Maybe it's because the man doesn't blink.
And, for quite a number of years, it had seemed that that unassumingness was all she would be able to get out of life.
Sherlock still doesn't speak but he moves his fingers from John's arm gently up to his shoulder, his neck and finally his cheek where his fingers wipe away tears of frustration, or anger, or sadness or probably a mix of all three.
'I know', John replied after swallowing past a sudden lump in his throat, 'I'll leave you be.'
As long as he gets to spend time with Sherlock.
“Some old gateway that leads beyond the Veil”, Mycroft answers him, still flipping pages, “but it should have been closed off years ago. Some farmer has even built a cottage over it.....the cottage seems to be abandoned now too though. It appears to be pretty close to Holmes Manor....he's included a small map”, here Mycroft turns the journal sideways as he squints at it, “might be worth checking out. What do you think?”
But he didn't try. At least not enough. And so he remained an omega and his father remained disappointed and there was nothing that could be done and they were all miserable for it.
“Did you sleep well?”, I ask.
Once again he is being told what to do by someone else right when he thought they had agreed to being in this together.
Perhaps it won't be possible to talk to John this morning but he will still get to see him at least.
My mother brings in some fresh towels and a bowl of warm water and then leaves us both again.
During the day Watson goes about his numerous tedious chores around the house and gardens and Sherlock tries to keep busy as he waits rather impatiently for the night to arrive.
From beyond the curtains strange sounds filter in.
From the corner of his eye Sherlock can see at least three ladies chomping at the bit for a chance to ask Watson to dance with them.
He should have just been able to step through and emerge on the other side to find.....something...he doesn't know what exactly and his slippery mind can't seem to focus on his current purpose long enough for it to become more than a vague sense of urgency moving him along.
Mary.
Maybe broken hearts do mend.
My hands hang limply by my sides as my fingers still tingle with the memory of his skin underneath them.
It sounds a lot more exciting than slowly dying of boredom behind a cappuccino maker....
Sherlock might seem to be utterly against it now but, somehow, some way, they will both make their way there.
'Why not?' John had completely given up on his math homework by now.
He doesn't remove it.
In the past, on occasion, he has taken men up on offers.
Maybe he'll use it as a dust rag.....he has one more good look at the shirt.......or kindling for the fire-place.....
He knows there is a very real possibility that this is all some kind of scheme again.
She turns herself to Nighthawk and she says:
“I changed schools”, I manage to say in between a couple more hiccupy sobs.
He gently guides me down onto the bed and as I lay down on my back he hovers over me, his knees on either side of my thighs, denting the duvet and the mattress and his arms, bent at the elbow, seeking support on the pillow on either side of my head.
He did not take much with him. Too much baggage would weigh him down, make his movements more cumbersome and increase the risk of him being caught.
I want to look at John but I can't.
I make a mental note to paint them the darkest of black again when I get back home this afternoon. Out of spite. Spite against who or what.....I don't know.......but that's the kind of mood I'm in right now.
Sherlock noticed him the moment he and John entered the lobby.
Just as stuffy and stifling.
“Oh yes....seeing as that worked out
“No....I mean.....He wouldn't understand.”
Watson must hate him now.....well....maybe “hate” is a strong word. Maybe he's being over-dramatic.
'Are you even listening to me?'  his stepmother was still talking it seemed.
“It's very cute”, John says.
It doesn't take any effort at all.
And for two weeks I felt as if the sun might never go down.
He places one of his own hands over my own and interlaces our fingers.
Sherlocks eyes shot from the cross back to John.
The sound of his moans as John hits him just there.
********************
“At least I wouldn't have to warm you up every time you got back in bed if you quit smoking”, John says. But he only halfway means it. He loves these moments. These times where it's just them and the rest of the world does not seem to exist. He loves gently and carefully rubbing warmth and life back into every part of his lovers skin. His fingers are already absentmindedly twisting themselves around the curls at the back of Sherlock's neck as Sherlock's lips find his own.
He had left a metaphorical window open and now She was in here with him and he was trying to make his way as fast as he could to the one room She definitely could not find.
As he steps out into the hallway again the door slams shut behind him.
As he slowly got up his limbs felt stiff and sore. Must have been a long time then.
Suddenly she had grabbed him by the arm and slung it around her waist as she swayed from side to side. 'Dance with me, John!'
I could write a summary of the previous chapters but......that will take away time I could also use to write the next chapter.
But this time there is something in the depths of his eyes that betrays him.
*********************************
John smiles to himself as he twists and shapes the spell into something slightly different.
Holmes leans back and offers one of the glasses to John again.
“It's been a while”, John says. His voice is deep and masculine. Just like the rest of him. Sherlock feels himself heating up from the inside even more. It feels as if he's coming to life. Like a garden in spring.
John swallows.
He's nervous now.
As it gets later the sky outside darkens. Along the street outside, one by one, the lights flicker and then turn on. The sight of them something cozy and comforting but the longer John looks at them he finds they just sting his eyes and make his skin tingle uncomfortably.
His older brother's face is still devoid of emotion but Sherlock has known him for years. He knows what the secret tells are to the current state of his brothers nerves. The slight and unnaturally tense bend to the fingers of his hand, the minuscule deepening of the wrinkles around his eyes. The tight line of his lips.
**********************************************
“O-kay...”, he says a bit hesitantly.
If John suddenly does wake up he will just close his eyes and pretend he is still unconscious. He is good at pretending.
Neither of them.
They have become one faceless unit that sits inside the same room all hours of the day in order to keep their hard won magical powers intact.
John does not return for the rest of their lunch-break.
Someone has come to his aid.
Sherlock just nods.
***************************
Mycroft was smart, a good fighter, his skills with a sword unparalleled. He would turn up eventually. Surely he would.
“We've run out of time, haven't we?” he asks but he already knows the answer.
'You must not be a very good listener then.'
Like Holmes himself....all just a brief flash of magic.....of lightning....only to fizzle out when he realizes John is nowhere near as special as he believes him to be.
Once again he leaves fragments of sentences behind as his mouth and tongue caress my skin.
John's face wears an inscrutable look now.
Holmes actually laughs then and this time he actually joins the conversation.
He met a couple of the other members of the household. They all seemed kind enough upon first meeting, but it would take some time to really get to know everyone. Of course he didn't meet any of the nobility that lived in the house. As a mere stablehand contact with the upper class would be limited at best and from what he heard from a couple of maids at his first staff dinner in the kitchen that evening Sherlock Holmes wasn't even home. Hadn't been for over a month now. Nobody seemed particularly worried by this.
Otherworldly.
Apparently Sherlock doesn't mind in the slightest. He just pulls John closer still. Their bodies pressed together and as Sherlock sways from side to side John now has absolutely no other choice but to move along.
“I miss you already.”
“Hey”, he says, “it's alright. I won't tell anyone.”
If they watch James Bond together surely John will realize he doesn't like it and he'll realize they have very little in common and he'll realize kissing Sherlock might have been a mistake after all and then......
Things like this.
“Please”, he says, “just for now.”
The house is far too quiet. It's as if it's holding its breath in anticipation along with me.
“You confuse me too”, I say.
If he turns his head to the right he can still see the moon. A faint outline against the ever brighter morning sky.
He bites Sherlock's lower lip and the sharp taste of blood fills his mouth.
Mr. Watson sighs once again. He actually sounds a bit relieved now.
My hands are even sweatier than before and my face feels as if it's gone bright red.
I love each and every person who is still reading along (whether you comment or not). You are all the best.
'And there goes your chance at a B'
If John finds this out. Learns this particular bit of information about him. How this is not the first time he's messed up this bad......has failed so spectacularly.....
“Sssssssh.........sssssssh......it's alright.....I understand......it's okay”, John says.
Mycroft's laughter is quickly joined by Sherlock's high-pitched giggles as his older brother tickles him back.
Except for the fact that, on occasion, they fuck.
**********
Now that the moment has actually come he is starting to feel nervous and doubt about his impulsively written message is starting to seep in.
Oh no.
**********************************
'Please',  he said once more.
In just a couple of seconds even John will see it and then he will.....
And then John's lips are on his. Soft at first, tentative, warm. He thinks of fireflies again as his skin tingles and the warmth that had started in his chest from the moment John sat down next to him races through his body. Igniting him. Bringing him back to life once more.
He often hallucinates when he's having withdrawal symptoms.
John is in the process of unpacking his bag.
The person on the other end is practically screaming into Sherlock's ear. He doesn't recognize the voice. There's a lot of noise and shouting going on the background. He's not quite sure what it's all about but it's clear that, even if John's there, he's called at an inopportune moment and they won't get any talking done anyway.
Easily enough he finds John and his friends.
Once again the sky outside is filled with a flash of blinding light and the walls around them creak and moan in the onslaught of the raging storm.
And the worst part is: I know exactly what that feels like. To run your fingers through those sun warmed strands.
But his empty fingers only remind him of how, just hours earlier, John had taken his hands in his and had pressed his lips to each of them as if Sherlock was something precious.
Molly watches Sherlock and his soldier until they have completely disappeared from sight.
He is making new memories for this room right now as John kisses him in the dusk of the empty stables as night moves on around them inexorably.
He follows the seamstress to the front of the store where Holmes and the tailor are waiting for him. Seated in two comfortable chairs. Their conversation halts abruptly as soon as John emerges.
'But I just got here', she said, 'I've never been in here before. Very nice of you to leave a window open.'
*********************************
Sherlock doesn't get to see him on a daily basis anymore like he used to when they were still in high school.
A life uneventful.
John is captain of the rugby team, he's popular, has loads of friends.....loads of girlfriends....
We both look away again at the same time.
It would explain why he can't stop thinking about John even when he's not here.
There's a soft smile on his brother's lips but there is no joy in it. It's the saddest smile Sherlock has ever seen and seeing it makes him shove his plate away from him as far as he possibly can. Even the sight of food is making him nauseous now.
“I've missed you”, John says.
“Sherlock will be downstairs in just a moment”, Mycroft continues. Smile never leaving his face. John feels the urge to punch him rising. “I would appreciate it if you were to join me in the family room while we wait for him”, Mycroft continues, “it'll give us an opportunity to.....chat.”
Apparently there's only one who can activate it.
Sherlock doesn't know why on earth John would actually mean it but still....
The events from John's point of view.
“Maybe you should head over to the Order first.........” Molly's words get interrupted by a haughty snort from Sherlock but she continues anyway, “they might know more about the King. There is a vast library there. Now that you have a name you'll know where to look.”
He's lied far too much to him in the past.
He thought about leaving. If Finn was able to keep Holmes' temperature down he had a very good shot at making a full recovery. The fact that he was already regaining consciousness was a good sign. But the more he thought about leaving the more every fiber in his body seemed to protest this idea.
For a moment that same coldness within me wonders if I shouldn't just walk up to them and tell them everything.
Watson is taking a very long time to get ready.
He is pretty sure Holmes is wrong in his theory and that the activation of the Moon-weapon has nothing to do with him.
“Fine! Ignore me then!”, Mary sounded positively irate, “I'm going home and I'm going to sleep. Don't expect me to let you in when you come knocking later.”
“Thought so”, Finn says, “there was a spell on you. Someone was making you go there. There was dark magic all around you. Swarming the night sky like angry bees.”
Mrs. Hudson gives him one last scrutinizing look and then she seems to make up her mind:
She plans to break him.
He is once again reminded of the fact that, where his step-mother is concerned, he should learn to pick his battles.
John cleared his throat again. 'I think I owe you some kind of explanation', he said.
His left hand comes to rest on the back of my neck and he brings our foreheads together.
I promise John will be in the next chapter.
Now he wishes he had thought about it more.
# The story and ballad both take place in Carterhaugh which is an actual area in Scotland. It is situated in the border region near Selkirk.
“Good night”, I tell her.
“Your brother”, John says. Snapping Sherlock out of his frenzied train of thought. He follows John's line of sight once more and of course John had noticed the portrait of Mycroft that hangs on the wall next to the fire-place where Sherlock had almost forgotten its existence.
Maybe he's moving on.
John gives him a nervous nod as he enters.
It sounds like a good idea. Maybe some magic will shed some light on the situation....
“Will you come too?”
John actually starts giggling.
It takes him three frantic attempts to get the door open again and once it gives way underneath his shaking hands he throws himself over the threshold as fast as he can.
He turns around once more, his hand already on the doorknob, a curious look on his face.
Beyond any explanation or comprehension.
Watson still sleeps on.
“Is everything alright?”
John's chuckle turns into an actual giggle and he hears Sherlock softly chuckling at his side too now. Sherlock doesn't laugh often but the sound is something John will cherish for the rest of his life. It makes him seem so young.....carefree......lovely.
Maybe there will be an end to all of this someday. Maybe things will change between us once high-school ends and we both go off to college. Maybe.......
'I do not have a “lair”, John. I'm not a vampire.'
Maybe I should have told him that.
“Did he tell you how he got that bruise around his eye?”, my mother asks.
John smiling at him.
Greg looks nervous and awkward and he rubs the back of his neck as he gives Molly this big grin and then I remember what I had asked John to do.
His chances of wooing the dark stranger are approximately close to zero......probably even lower.
They both stop dancing then but neither of them moves away.
He got his car.
“I just don't know how to talk to you”, he says. Another truth. John seems to be able to wring the truth right out of him. He really hopes John will stop looking at him like that soon before he gets a little bit more of the truth than he bargained for. Sherlock is pretty sure he'll never be able to come back here after John finds out about......
They were standing outside of the house where John lived with his mother.
A snow globe.
“You're like the sun”, Sherlock had said before he was able to stop himself.
She had seen her parents die.
He finds himself turning around again. His left hand seeking support on the wooden frame of the door as he does so.
What if John wants to break up with me.
Doesn't feel like his home anymore.
Holmes raised an eyebrow and gestured around him.
“All right then.”
She tends to get so absorbed into her work that she'll forget to eat and drink.
They will, no doubt, have all kinds of gossip about Master Holmes.
And that's how Sherlock feels too.
He looked at the curtains. With a good hard pull he would probably be able to get them down.
Because they can't tell anyone yet.
Molly wonders how much he knows exactly.
“I know these people and I know what they will do once they get their hands on you”, he had replied, “I have lost too many people....I will not lose you.”
Holmes chose it.
John or no John he'd never be able to join them again after that.
Where he had held on to clothing moments before there was now fur.
“Oh...no need....I already called them before I got on the plane.”
He stops his panicked search for the medallion and rights himself again.
“I'm....sorry.” Sherlock seemed to be guessing at what the appropriate response to this piece of information should be. It was fine. It was all fine.
Sometimes change is a good thing.
That their fates are linked in some kind of strange and twisted way.
But I'm also afraid of what he might say.
“That's from the play!”, John said, “A Midsummer Night's Dream.”
“So what's your excuse?”
Sherlock just grunts.
I look at his eyes.
To him it feels a little bit like having sex with someone without their consent.
He never wants this kiss to end.
So thank you all from the bottom of my heart and I hope I have done this story justice.
'Sherlock?'
For the next couple of moments all that could be heard was the sound of their horses hooves on the damp ground as they made their way to whatever their destination was and the chittering of the first birds to wake up that day. But then John barked out a laugh and, at the sound of it, Holmes peered at him from the corners of his eyes.
“Fair enough. It's your choice.”
“They said I was there when it happened”, he says, “I can't really think of any other great feats of magic I have witnessed lately.”
Just as he had on the morning of their trip John felt anger rise in him once again and the next words he spoke passed his lips before he was able to calm himself down and so they were words he probably should not have spoken. In hindsight everything was easier.
Why is having John over here in England so different from being with John back in Indiana?
Over the last couple of years they have drifted apart a bit but the respect he has for her is still there and genuine.
“Yes”, he says, “I do like....Shakespeare.”
There are all kinds of papers and books scattered around her. Amidst them is a plate with a half eaten piece of toast and a cup of tea that  has probably gone cold by now.
Sherlock wanted to protest. Tell her where she could stick her so called “ball” and “reputation”, but he was still not feeling quite like himself. The fire inside only barely under control. The wine just enough to calm it, but not quench it entirely.
Holmes is looking into the fire again and so he doesn't see Finn's expression darken. He looks hurt.....almost sad....bitter....for the briefest of moments the room around them grows darker still. The island of light they find themselves in just a small circle as the blackness presses on their shoulders and minds like a physical weight.
It's becoming clear to him that it doesn't matter how he sees himself. It matters how John sees him. And from what he's hearing now, even when he's not around, he's still able to make John happy.
What a difference a day makes, he thinks.
Instead I talk. Because one of us has to:
John lays down beside him and drapes his arm across Sherlock's chest as he lets out a relaxed and contented sigh.
Mr. Watson lets out a sigh.
And when it does he will either use it or kill it.
“Wait.....John.”
He means to sound lighthearted and turn it into a joke, but the words come out all bitter and cold. He doesn't mean to, but a part of him is mad.
John sleeps over at my house as often as he can but mostly when his father is at home.
Lots of times.
The earth beneath his body was unrelenting, hard, cold and sand and weeds were sticking to his clothing and hair, but he hadn't felt this alive in months.
He doesn't ask Sherlock if he wants it lit.
When he opened them again the last rider moved onto the clearing.
Finn brightens the spell just a little bit more and the shambling creatures cower in the light.
You are amazing.
“Goodnight, John”, he says.
“I didn't mean to take advantage of you”, John says.
Sherlock just nods while John shouts: “thanks dad!” and with that Mr. Watson turns around and heads around the corner of the garage and inside the house.
“Easy, easy”, John says. From the corner of his eyes Sherlock can see there is an amused smile on  his face.
She has always liked the night.
What we'd had had been a dream and a fantasy if anything at all and now that I have shown up here in John's actual life that actually matters to him I am no longer welcome or wanted.
He is absolutely sure of this.
John had bumped him with his shoulder. His radiant smile shining.
When he closes his eyes he sees it all and it's making him dizzy so he opens them again.
“Is there someone you want to flirt with?”
And he means it. He's not just talking about the dancing. It's more than that. There just is something about Sherlock that pulls him in. Makes him crave for more. Makes him want to be this close to him always.
Once again he's avoiding looking at John and John realizes he probably still doesn't know where he stands with John. Where they stand. He has to tell Sherlock. Needs to tell him. Needs to figure out how....
“Hey Sherlock!”, Molly says again, “you're never here this early.”
“It was fairly simple really. You only ever talk about your mother. Never your father. Could just be an absentee father then. Left at birth. But you do possess certain skills taught to you by a male figure in your life. Your prowess at rugby for example. Your mother never comes to any of your games so it can't be her having taken over the role of the father-figure. Can't be another male relative, because you would talk about them. So your father has been around for a little while at least before he abruptly left. A father you have fond memories of? Why would you not speak about him? There is trauma there.
He didn't think Sherlock had heard or understood him then.
Two people who once knew each other but, over time, have drifted further and further apart until neither of them remembers where they used to be anymore.
'This is unheard of!'
If John weren't so.....
Anything.
Sherlock doesn't reply.
It's rhythm calming.....certain......reassuring.
And I am already gone.
'It's the heat talking, John. You don't want me.'
He decides to just smile as he finally makes it all the way down the stairs and reaches his partner for the evening but the expression feels forced and just a little bit too tense.
As evening falls they are once again sitting opposite each other at a table in the dining area of the inn.
Their carriage careens off of an iced over bridge in the early hours of the morning and it takes another day before their frozen bodies are dredged up from the river underneath.
“You look fine too”, he finds himself saying before he can stop himself. He doesn't know why he says it. His mind and mouth do not seem to be working together this evening. Of course Holmes looks fine. He knows he looks fine. He always looks fine. He's a lord. He's done this dozens of times. He doesn't need John's approval. Doesn't need a servants validation where his appearance is concerned.
Hopefully.
He would end this today. Keep John safe by not involving him any further in Sherlock's life.
Sherlock feels himself heating up all over and his skin suddenly tingles uncomfortably as if his soul has gotten too big for his body and is trying to find a way out. He decides to sit up straight. Reluctantly John slides his hand down from Sherlock's shoulder but his fingers find a new resting place at the curve of his hip.
He looks at the mess around them self-consciously, realizing a bit too late that there is no place for them both to sit as both the armchairs Sherlock possesses are currently covered in books and cardboard boxes.
An anchor.
By now Molly Hooper has reached them. She is slightly out of breath and her chest flutters underneath her lilac summer dress like a frantic bird.
Three quick taps followed by two slow ones.
I don't want......
John patted the side of its neck reassuringly.
But it is still a nightmare all the same.
John was about to send out a reply when his phone buzzed again with another message from Sherlock.
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”, John asks.
The familiarity.
And he's made so many wrong ones in the past.
John tastes like warm summer nights where the possibilities seem endless, like swimming in cooling lake-water underneath a scorching sun, like languid limbs stretching, like fireflies finding their way in the night-sky, like pebbles carefully thrown against a window like an open fire, like the sun, like something all consuming, like......
John has finally started his military training. The courses are tough, demanding and time consuming and, mixed with Sherlock's study schedule in England, that leaves them little time where both their schedules allow for them to get together. Whenever Sherlock is able to come home to Indiana John is usually stuck at school and vise versa.
“Hey....”, he says, “how come the king of spades has a bird with him?”
John notices the man is still missing one of his arms but the rest of him is very much here.
Sherlock tries smiling at him again but it ends up coming off just a little forced. The sun is shining in his eyes and it's making him uncomfortable this early in the day.
********************************
I'd dream about large flocks of  magpies that would turn into dark knives that cut my skin and stole my voice and sight.”
But John is looking at Mycroft over Sherlock's shoulder.
I doubt John wants to play Clue.
There didn't appear to be any sun in him now.
Today Sherlock hesitates as he stands, frozen in place, halfway down the cafeteria.
John's handwriting is sharp and chaotic but the words are easy enough to make out:
“And you look really good tonight......well.....you always look good....but still....”
“Thank you”, I say, “so do you.”
Almost.
'Sir?' he managed to say. His voice only slightly unsteady.
This time John remained silent. The beer seemingly having moved from his stomach to his head. Making his thoughts foggy and his eyelids droopy.
“You made up a funeral just to get away from me”, John says.
“I was wondering”, Mycroft says, “If you would mind reporting to the Order alone tomorrow.....I have something I need to do.”
Suddenly Victor focuses his attention on John who, somehow, seems to be standing closer to Sherlock than he had been before.
They stretch out their hands towards her as if they are pleading, hoping.....desperate.
He knows she might be lying.
Once again: many thanks to anyone who reads along. If you want to: give the songs that have inspired these chapters a listen. They all are very lovely and set the mood for each chapter.
Sherlock can't help but smile in return now.
Thank goodness he bought more.
'Tomorrow night is All Hallows' Eve', Sherlock continued, 'on this night the fairy-queen and her consort ride back to their own kingdom taking a human servant with them. Once the human has passed to the other realm they will be stuck there forever. There will be no turning back. This time.....they will take me with them. I only have one night left here......with you.....I'm sorry, John.....I....'
**********************************
Just a spark of magic is all she needs to make these shoddy walls come crashing down around her.
They ended up just riding on in silence.
He looked at John again. The curve of his nose. His lips.
Maybe he should wait for him to wake up.
“What about Molly?” he asks.
Mycroft smiles down at him and he gets a shaky half smile in return.
But all Sherlock said was: 'Is your middle name really Hamish?' a massive grin on his face.
“So......you
, he thinks,
It's like this physical ache inside of my chest behind my lungs and it hurts and it makes it hard to breathe.
Sherlock had just rolled his eyes.
Neither of them speak for a couple of moments but then it's Bill who continues again:
It had taken a couple of firm shakes for the bugs to actually fly off into the night-sky again.
Like a siren's song.
Just for a moment but then it is all back. Just as it was.
Maybe it would have been better to not take the carriage at all.
Once again Sherlock Holmes finds himself sharing a bed with John Watson. He is wide awake and extremely aware of his surroundings...and who he's sharing them with.
(See the end of the chapter for
The pounding of his hips could be painful if Sherlock wasn't enjoying it so much.
John sighed and once again slung Holmes arm around his shoulder, hoisting the nobleman to his feet all too much aware of the naked flesh underneath his fingers.
Hypnotized.
After another five minutes spent willing my erection away I turn off the shower, dry myself off, dress myself in the loosest clothes I have because pretty much everything else feels like sandpaper on my skin at the moment and finally head downstairs.
In his dream a loud noise had broken whatever tender moment had been going on between the two of them.
“So gorgeous.”
“Yeah....me.....” John decides to just muster up all his courage and continue talking. Might as well. This will probably be the last time he'll ever dare to be near this amazing guy ever again. “I just wanted to apologize.....” he says.
“Will you come? This Saturday? To the party?”
'No time!' she exclaimed, 'the ball awaits!'
He finds that, when telling lies it's always best to stay as close to the truth as possible.
John is looking at him. He feels himself going red. What must John think of him. He's pretty sure he looks utterly  pathetic. If John tries to wave him over now, at this point, he'll probably just run.
And, rightfully so, Watson had refused to accept it.
Both times John is there to catch him and lend him a helping hand.
Maybe just the feeling they had evoked in him.
Like a cat she toyed with him and as long as the game was still interesting she would let him live.
Sherlock finds he absolutely loves this car.
Her voice was high and clear and she used to bake the best apple pies.
The smile is familiar too.
“You taste like cigarettes”, John says.
I don't want to think anymore.
The sound he makes like hail tearing at your skin, catching you out in the open.
“Equally ridiculous, I assume.”
Holmes gives him a sort of half shrug but the corners of his mouth are already turning up into the beginnings of a smile. John feels a weight lift from his shoulders at the sight of it.
The brief moment of panic that comes over him must show clearly in his eyes because John gives him a strange look.
His heats had always been a private thing.
Not even for the likes of us, my old friend.
“Or coffee.....we could just go down and get some coffee....everybody likes coffee in the morning, right?”
Handsome?....maybe.....
The more Watson draws on Holmes'  magic and uses his powers, the more he will broadcast to the world....and the world beyond.....where he is and what he can do.
“I spent the night in a hotel”, John says. It's not a lie but it's also not the entire truth, “I just had to get away for the night.”
He wants to say all of this but the words die in his mouth as his tongue tastes of ash once more as it sticks to the roof of his mouth.
The sight of the room beyond brings a smile to his face.
The hallway around them is silent.
Holmes just smiles at him and leans in close for a conspiratorial whisper.
People got hurt. People disappeared. People died.
In another world, under different circumstances, John's stammering would be endearing.
Telling him to leave.
At this point John can basically ask him just about anything and he's pretty sure he would say yes to it all.
They did not have much time for kissing left either, however lovely it was, because, spurred on by Sherlock's loving ministrations and the sweet and strong scent of alpha that surrounded him, John's heat had now peaked.
But on very rare occasions someone answered who was able to get John on the phone or....rarer still, John himself answered.
“Hey”, he says, “it's alright. We all move at our own pace. If you haven't then you haven't. It's all fine. Really.....but you should talk to him. Make sure he's being completely honest with you because....to me.....it just feels like he's not. Alright?”
He got a whole string of girlfriends.
The dimple that forms on John's left cheek when he truly smiles.
I know so little about him.
Sherlock's pupils are blown wide.
The words come out as a song in a foreign language but somehow Sherlock feels comforted.
Sherlock cannot stop looking at this scar.
************
As always: comments and feedback are greatly appreciated!
Sat at the desk Holmes groans in frustration and throws the book he is reading to the floor.
Before the sun will go down. On him. On John. On his happiness. On all of this.
When he's well and truly gone Molly suddenly punches me in the shoulder. It actually kind of hurts. Her face has gone all stern and serious.
The sound finally makes Holmes look up but he makes no effort to get up and see who is on the other side so it is John who gets up and opens it.
John gives the present another scrutinizing look, sets it down on the coffee table, pours himself a glass of whiskey, sits down and waits....
Dreams are just tricks of the mind. Nothing more. Nothing less.
Sometimes Sherlock wishes John would complain.
“You look nice”, he says but his eyes are still fixed on me. He hasn't looked at Molly once.
He loves John's smiles.
“I don't know, Mr. Watson, I......”
The hand on my shoulder gently squeezes and I break.
He smiles and it's honest and light and private and just for me and.....then I notice something else.
Sherlock moves his own hands to the small of Watson's back. The muscles underneath his thin work-shirt are firm and warm and alive and Sherlock stores the sensation of having them move and stretch beneath his searching fingertips away in his mind-palace in a drawer overflowing with golden sunlight.
Holmes' magic to be more precise.
“Yes”, he says, “I found it to be.....quite......not what I had expected.”
'I know that', he said.
'Nice to see you too, Finn.'
Sherlock silences him with a kiss.
She has tried using the piece she left inside of him to turn his mind against him. Turn it to darkness but so far she has not been successful. It appears that as long as Holmes remains on the other side of the veil her powers are simply not strong enough to manipulate him.
But Holmes' eyes were drooping shut again as his head hung low between his shoulders and he lost consciousness once more. The last thing he said before drifting off again a faint: “John.”
There his suspicions will either be confirmed or denied. If the latter is the case he will breathe a sigh of relief but if John is who he thinks he is.....
He's secretly missed this.
The slow deterioration of the ashes as they get swept away by the wind over time or the sudden and chaotic short burst of the flame.
'S..s..since I already know half of your name.....I....I don't think it would be entirely fair to take the entire rose.'
He's really doing pretty well. The audience seems to love him too....and how could they not.
But maybe he already is. Has been for a while now.
So usually, when lunch-break rolls around Sherlock makes his way to their table and sits down in the empty seat next to John that is, somehow, always left empty for him.
*******************************************************************
************************************************************
'How can you possibly know!'
He can't keep his mind on the present anymore.
So “suave”.
In hindsight.....he had thought so from the very first moment he had laid eyes on him. When he'd seen him in the crowd at one of the rugby matches.
He is reminded of stories he's heard of fish that live in the deepest darkest part of the ocean. How they have glowing balls of light on antennae on the top of their heads to lure in smaller fish only to devour them with a sharp row of teeth that lies behind.
“Oh”, I nod. I do not recognize him......at all......but then again, I've gone out of my way to pay as little attention to any of my classmates as I possibly could....maybe I shouldn't have.....
