The next morning, Dean walks into the kitchen to find Jack eating Cookie Crunch at the counter.
with it all. But she fell in deeper, started doing things I didn’t even think were possible. And all that time, the fights were getting worse and she was gone half the time, and I figured...it’s a phase, y’know? It’s how she’s coping...but…”
“Uh, yeah, it seems that way,” Sam swoops in.
“Just...wait!” Jack says desperately, clearly struggling to keep control. “Please, just...wait a moment.”
Mom’s response takes a little longer. “I have been itching for a hunt. Didn’t seem right to go off on my own what with...well…”
“Still—” Oh no. That’s the voice Sam uses with dad that means it’s about to turn into a shouting match.
Cas gives him a long suffering glare, nodding at the game board in front of them.
Dean isn’t sure how to respond to that. It’s something that came up a few times, during dad and Sam’s worst arguments— how a dad was supposed to
Dean shoots him a sharp glare. Sam should be taking advantage of this second chance. “That was then, this is now.”
Dad doesn’t need to know any of that, though. In fact, he
“We’re just passing through,” Dean tells him.
raising Jack. And of course he considers
“Who fucking asked you?” John spits, voice dripping with derision.
“Hex bag.” Sam grins. “Found it in the bathroom, disguised as potpourri.”
In this moment, you allow yourself one private moment of honesty.
“So get this,” Sam starts, and
“What the hell are you wearing, Mary?” John shakes his head, having only taken one step towards her before grinding to a halt when she took a step back, posture rigid.
“So, by all accounts, she just exploded out of nowhere?” Dean sighs.
“And was it—” Sam waves his hand. “Y’know, exploded.”
At those words, Caleb’s shoulders slump, and Dean can’t tell if it’s in defeat or relief.
John raises an eyebrow, looking over at Mary like he expects her to protest him needing a room of his own. She doesn’t, and he follows Sam down the hall with heavy footsteps.
“Yeah? Because you sure don’t fucking act like it. When he came back, you dragged me out into the hallway and acted like you were about to have an aneurysm.”
“First of all, this is outside. It’s outerier decorating. Second of all...shut up.”
Cas leans a little closer, a twinkle in his eye, and says his next words like a secret confession. “Hit.”
, Sammy, why should he learn how to use chopsticks when a fork works just as well?) of lo mein to glance at Cas.
“You know we have to stop her?” Sam says gently.
“Dean Winchester is a better hunter and a better man than you could ever hope to be.”
Amy Miller is already slipping into the house, let in with a hug from Maria. He took his eye off the ball, didn’t watch his six, let himself get distracted.
“And that’s what? Turning your back on your own father?”
“Hey.” Dean slips into the now-empty seat across from Cas. “You didn’t have to send Jack away, you know? I wanted to talk to both of you.”
Even if they’re both doing this the same way one would walk to the gallows, it looks like they’re doing it.
“I know we haven’t talked much about this. But...what was it like growing up with John?”
there with them, which always shoots a little flutter of happiness through Dean.
He can feel mom’s eyes boring into the side of his head.
“Huh…” Is all Dean says as he pulled Cas off his dick. “Did you enjoy that?”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Caleb snaps, bold despite his fear.
“Whatever you can tell us about that day, if not the event itself, will be very helpful,” Sam clarifies.
“Uh, kale, thanks.” Sam nods.
Their lives are a lot to unpack and lay out in a cohesive narrative, and saying it aloud makes Dean realise just how absolutely insane things have been. He’s half-surprised dad doesn’t accuse him of lying, especially when he says things like ‘monsters manipulating the fast food industry’ and ‘lucifer possessing the president’ and ‘god’s sister’, but he listens quietly, only asking follow-up questions here and there.
Eric frowns.
“So,” Dean rubs a hand through his hair. “My dad’s here.”
Dad finally looks up at that. “What would you wanna do that for? You always were the staying in type.”
) hurt the most.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas calls after him.
Dean kind of wishes he was on team morgue— he has the itch to be working, that disquieting shift under his skin that tells him to get up and do his job [which, now he thinks about it, he’s been feeling a lot less lately...he really is going soft, huh.
and oh fuck does that mean a myriad of things he is incapable of thinking about because that’s his dad and he just needs to stand here and listen.
Grateful for the considerably easier topic of conversation, Dean explains the pearl and its wish granting properties.
“I’m her blood.” The woman spits.
“Just...don’t worry about what dad said, okay?”
Cas smiles then— a small but real thing. For the first time in a while, Dean lets himself look, lets himself really smile back.
In the moment you don’t know how to react. This is
He is no longer too large for his vessel, instead, he is now too small for his body.
The lore is thin— they’d packed a hodgepodge pile of books that seemed like they could be relevant, but there’s probably plenty more in the bunker that they can’t access from here. Geeze, having a homebase has him spoiled. Next, he’s gonna complain about the moth bitten motel sheets.
Dean kicks Cas’ leg under the table. Cas doesn’t bother to acknowledge it with more than a shrug as if to say ‘well, it’s true’ and yeah, it is. But Dean knows Cas’ social skills have come a long way since he first called them rusty with awkward air quotes. He’s still a weird guy, but now he’s well, weird the way a human is weird. Basically, he
“I’m not mad at you, kid.” He shakes his head. “Why do you think I am?”
Dad doesn’t have the same concerns. He watches mom too, but in a way that says ‘I can’t believe you’re really here’, rather than...whatever it is she’s doing.
. You may have raised my sons to be soldiers, but you are
Sam nods. “Dinner sounds great.”
He’s perfectly aware that his last conversation with Sam that wasn’t about the case was a pseudo-argument, and so was his last conversation with Cas in general. But they pseudo-argue all the time, all three of them, and normally they just snap back to normal like nothing happened.
“Wait for what?” Dad bellows. “Wait ‘til this monster kills another person?”
“I won’t remember any of this, will I?”
The words wash over him, strong but gentle, something he’d been ignoring how much he needed to hear.
“What are we having?” Jack asks excitedly.
“Oh, I don’t think you’ve ever empathised with anyone in your life.” Sam scoffs.
But he saw that manic look in his eye, the itch under his skin, and slid a case under his grateful nose.
“No, no, there isn’t.” He takes a swig of his beer.
“But?”
“Huh.” John hums. “And here I always thought the bastard just ran out on us. Always wondered what kind of man does that to his kids...but, if he was a hunter, I guess it all makes sense now. The hunt...it has to come first.”
Eric nods. “She’s up in her room. I’ll go fetch her.”
“There’s no talking you out of this, is there?” John says. He doesn’t sound angry, more resigned than anything.
The problem is, if this witch is gonna target the Kane family, they have no idea when. They rolled into town a day after Lydia was announced dead, slept and interviewed the family, and then Simon died that evening, leaving a three day difference between the first and second kill, but one instance doesn’t make a pattern.
“Of course I’m happy.” he says, but Dean can feel his hesitation.
Sam almost spits his beer into his egg foo young. “Dad!”
The case. Introspection...later, or hopefully never. Right now he just needs to focus on the case.
Dean debates whether or not to say this next part, but in the end he has to, Cas’ words still echoing in his head. “Jack...are you happy here? In the bunker, I mean. With us.”
As the blood spills from his neck, cum splatters on Castiel’s stomach.
Dean freezes. Well, there’s a moral quandary Dean currently isn’t capable of approaching with a ten foot pole.
Dean tries to get something out in response to that. To tell Jack that yeah, maybe dad will think that, but it doesn’t mean it’s true. That Dean knows Jack isn’t evil, even with the things he’s said before, and Jack’s mistakes, and the whole soul situation going on right now. But the words won’t come.
He doesn’t argue. Sam seems to have really found himself with this whole leadership thing that started with the people they’d brought over from the Apocalypse World. He’s good at it, and it’s good for him.
“Yeah. Yeah, we are.”
Your father weaves you a tale, one of domestic bliss and apple pie and what was meant to be a home. A beautiful woman in a white nightgown would have given you all of that, if only a monster hadn’t taken her away.
To Sam’s credit, dad seems impressed. Dean’s not surprised, most of dad’s knowledge on the supernatural had come from library books and field work. He’d never had somewhere like this, permanently transient as he was, as he’d raised them to be.
It’s just time, he tells himself. He needs time to realise this is how things are now, let it
Castiel is doing roughly what Dean expected him to be doing, which is what he does whenever he sticks around for dinner, which is sit there with an open beer, a few small things on his plate that he may or may not pick at as the evening goes on, but still
hunter. He knows what he’s doing. With all due respect, we’ve faced a lot of cases these past years, and Sam...Sam knows when to make the hard calls, and when to...when there’s another way…”
The Miller home has been xeroxed from the Williamson home. A different coloured trim, begonias instead of tulips, but fundamentally a copy and paste.
harm comes to Jack, Dean—“
“Tell me who and what you are, now!” Dad demands, threat clear in his voice.
Dean grabs his hair, pulling him onto his cock further until it’s nudging the back of his throat. Cas let’s him. He lets himself be useful. Be used.
“Good morning,” he says brightly.
If ever asked, Dean would swear up and down he’s not one for introspective bullshit, but he doesn’t sleep that night— instead he sits and he thinks about the past couple of weeks, then the past thirteen years, then everything before that. He thinks about white picket fences and apple pie and Amy and Maria and Henrietta. He thinks about his family.
“Can’t blame you. Nothing much happens around here.” He nods before getting the pen from behind his ear. “So, what can I get for you guys?”
He’s stopped short of bolting from his bedroom only by the fact he’s wearing his hot dog patterned pyjamas. Normally, he has no problem walking around the bunker in pyjamas and his dead guy robe. Today, he drags himself over to his closet and rifles through his clothes.
A ring of holy fire separates you from him, and it burns you though you are not close enough to touch the flame.
A small, sad smile breaks across his face.
“If I may interrupt,” Cas says, taking a step forward. “Last I checked, John Winchester’s soul was in heaven. How, exactly, did he come to be here?”
is a little rundown. The sign outside is fading, the vinyl of the booth chairs is torn and the tables are sticky and scuffed— Dean finds it easier to breathe here than he did in the motel room. It’s familiar in a way that’s soft, that reminds him of bickering with Sam over salads and sharing a basket of fries with Cas even though Dean was the one eating 2/3rds of it and Jack’s first chocolate and peanut butter milkshake [that Dean had quickly learned to make at home, tweaking the recipe until Jack had proclaimed it even better than the one at the diner.]
“I’m going to bed,” is what Dean ends up saying, walking off before Cas can keep gazing into his soul or whatever the fuck that
“She was a witch and a killer! We put them down. We don’t empathise with them.”
what your father is like. Are you forgetting that I have been a friend to you and Sam for ten years now? Or that I rebuilt you? Held your soul in my hands?”
“Yeah, well, things change.” Sam grimaces.
“I have a family,” Dean says, surprised by the strength in his own voice. “I have a family, one I’ve built for myself ever since you’ve been gone. And I’d die for them. I have died for them. And if I can do that...I can try to do what’s right for them too. I can try to do what makes them happy, because that’s what family is really for.”
Cas and Jack have already arrived back at the motel when Sam and Dean walked in. They’re perched at the end of one bed, mom and dad asking them questions from the table.
“We’re sorry to trouble you,” Sam says. “We know you must be going through a lot right now.”
When Dean comes down his throat, it feels like a benediction.
“I mean...it’s
“You said it wasn’t your place, to tell me what I should do when it comes to my family. And, yeah, not saying you can boss me around or anything. But...you’re a part of this family too. Your opinion matters to me...always.”
, how he
[Maybe because he grew up with dad, knew him, is still untangling the effects he had on him. Mom was almost always gone, and though her presence never really left, it wasn’t the same as losing the man whose presence shaped everything he did. Who freaking knows, he’s never been into that introspective bullshit.]
Jack has called them family before, but that was in the same way Dean called his friends ‘family’, right? He...and yeah, for all intent and purposes, the three of them
Dean’s attention is drawn by a weight settling next to him on the bed and looks back to find mom sitting next to him now, watching dad and Sam reminisce.
“That’s it.” Dean grunts, pulling his weapon. Unbidden, his eyes flicker back to the house, even though he knows his dad is inside and not watching.
Dean laughs. “Knew you would. So...now you finally got what you wanted—” Dean pulls a knife out of his pocket and, with the help of the grip he still has on Cas' hair, holds it flush against his throat.
John is on his feet in an instant.
“So I did tell you, in the end?” Dad is looking at him for the first time since they came out here.
“This isn’t right.” John shakes his head. “This isn’t how I raised you.”
The victim’s name was Simon Miller, 42 years old. No known medical problems. He went out to walk the family dog and never came home— at some point, some jogger found a pool of human blood and brain matter on the sidewalk, pouring from the neck of a body still clutching the leash of a now incredibly stressed Schnauzer.
They order takeout for dinner. Mom offers to be the one to pick it up, saying she could do with the drive, which of course is ‘mom talk’ [and ‘Dean talk’] for ‘I need to get out of this bunker before I fucking snap’.  He ignores the nagging at the back of his mind telling him something is up with her, that the last time she acted like this was when the whole ordeal with the British Men of Letters went down— when she had something to hide.
He thinks it’s fair. If he’s going to get pleasure, from the thought of Dean, the least he can do is hurt while he does it.
“Well, I’m starving. Wake your mother and let’s get going.”
He kind of, may have, skipped over Cas and Jack when he caught dad up on the past few years. He mentioned an angel raised him from hell, and he talked around Lucifer siring a kid, but he definitely didn’t mention that the angel and the kid...lived with them.
“As an angel, I don’t need to eat,” He informs John. “Or enjoy it, particularly.”
Cas hums. “No. I suppose he’s not to blame for this specific occurrence.”
She doesn’t so much stop struggling as she does start struggling slower— Sam could still easily get the drapes around her wrists like this, but he seems to be waiting it out to see if she’ll go quietly.
He’s not sure he has a body right now, but he recognises the feeling of hands cupping his face anyway. From that touch, a physical and familiar warmth seems to spread, bright and burrowing right down to his bones. For a moment, he floats in it, then he’s unrelentingly jarred back into awareness.
Cas cuts him off. “I know
“You know what it means, Dean.”
Dean blinks. “Well, no. It was only the once, actually. I must've been...eleven? I think. We’d just worked a ghoul case, drove past this little fishing spot on the way back to the motel and dad suddenly stopped. Next think I know he’s handing over some of his pool winnings for two rods and a little pack of bait, and teaching me to throw a line.”
Castiel squirms on the bed. He undoes his button, pulling down the zipper. He tells himself he’s still not going to touch, he’s only doing it for the relief the freedom will bring him.
Dad’s gaze keeps flicking between the four of them, that same look on his face he gets researching a particularly convoluted case.
Dean helps himself to a serving of crispy duck and watches everyone around the table pass around various cartons. They ordered
John regards them with a look of surprise when he spots them. They probably do look strange, all five of them sat on the surface of the map table rather than in the chairs around it, all watching him head down the stairs and towards them.
In the morning, Dean volunteers to go pick up coffee and something that passes as breakfast for everyone while they do some last minute research with the little they know before hitting up the morgue. Mom offers to go with him, already heading out to the car before he can respond.
“I’m pretty sure other hunters had probably mentioned that to you by then.”
Sam’s voice is careful, like any wrong word could set off a landmine inside Dean. He knows what Sam is really trying to say. He’s asking
had ended up sacrificing himself for them, for god's sake.
The thing that eventually breaks the silence, of all things, is Sam’s stomach rumbling.
those few things he’d had to and managed to keep locked away from dad, and this can be one of them too, it has to be. The nature of Jack...and, well, some things about Cas too.
Dean’s good mood sticks around when they reach the bunker, even after mom disappears back to her room without a word the second they get through the door.
“Sure,” she says after a beat, taking the drink and holding onto it like a lifeline. “I suppose you better come in.”
Dean remembers standing in a cemetery in Stull, watching Cas shatter into pieces at the click of an archangel’s fingers. It’s an image he has to quickly shove out of his mind— he has a job to focus on.
So they do.
“Going to visit a friend, is all, I swear.” The kid’s good, but Dean is better. He sees how the answer took a bit too long to be natural, how the eye contact he’s making is deliberate, the oldest trick in the book for people trying not to get caught in a lie.
“Hey, Amy?” Maria is walking over to her friend, taking small slow steps as if approaching a skittish animal. “I...really don’t know what's going on right now. So I want to talk to you too. I’m...this is
This is his family. All together again. So...why doesn’t he feel happy?
He remembers how dad and Bobby left things off. The trepidation when they’d first approached Bobby again, thinking he wouldn’t want to see them after whatever mess was made of that relationship. Bobby had welcomed them in, of course, and eventually that history lay firmly in the past, and Bobby was...well, he was Bobby.
Despite the fact that not more than a minute could have passed, they walk into the chaos of a furious teenage girl in the middle room, a gun pointed straight at her by Dean’s father. Around them, Maria Kane’s family is cowering in the corners, shouting ineligible protests and pleas. Maria looks wildly between Amy and John, otherwise frozen in shock. Mary stands angled off from dad, keeping an eye on everything, probably already having formed ten or fifteen battle plans.
He doesn’t know how mom takes his non-answer. He doesn’t know how she should. Still, she plows ahead, and Dean realises that maybe she needs to say it more than she needs to hear it. “When your dad showed up I realised I couldn’t keep ignoring it. If he was going to be around, I needed to know. So I stuck around, and I watched, and I tried to talk to you, and I tried to talk to him, but I could never be sure. But after last night...Well, let’s just say, he’s definitely not the man I thought I knew.”
“Hmmm. I was thinking I’d try that new lasagne recipe,” Dean tells him.
,” Dean eventually says. “Mom, dad, we have both of them back. Isn’t that great, Sammy?”
, Dean. I really was starting to think I’d trained that out of you, I was letting you go off on your own hunts, but it must have been too soon because sixteen years later here you are holed up in this bunker like you belong here, and what? Cuddling up with some Angel guy? Don’t think I didn’t clock the way he looks at you, the way he was practically in your lap back at that house and you were just letting it happen? No wonder you’ve gone soft.”
It’s a good drive.
Dean, of course, notices how his brother talked around the word ‘kill’ there. They’re going to kill his sister, but they need him to talk first.
Across the room, Caleb is burning a hex bag with a novelty lighter shaped like a red stiletto shoe.
“Maria’s parents were hurting her, weren’t they?” Jack asks, in that voice that always painfully reminds Dean just how young and innocent the kid really is.
Dean thinks he gets it, then. He thinks all the little things locked away in boxes and the things he’s learned have all matched up, come to a harmony, made a full picture. It’s still complicated, and there’s a part of him that will always feel conflicted, but hey, he’s a Winchester, nothing is ever gonna be simple.
don’t use them around him, capiche?”
After that, dad had dropped him back at the motel, Sam had come from whatever elementary school had taken them in that area, and dad had driven off again. Dean had soon realised that money would have been better saved for groceries— at least half his meals went to Sam for the rest of the week.
“It was stupid to think we could ever have normal.” He breathes into Sam’s shoulder.
At least he lowers the gun.
“Uh, if it helps,” Sam cuts in. “He’s been back for a few days, and no catastrophes yet.”
Dad chuckles. He doesn’t look to see if mom and Sam react at all, because if they do he knows it will probably be with confusion [mom] and judgement [sam].
“Oh, smokin’ hot.” He chuckles.
The town is small— the kind of small with one stoplight and nothing for teenagers to do for fun except underage drinking— so breakfast ends up being a Gas n’ Sip affair. He leaves with the following:
“It doesn’t have to be like that.” His voice is firm, sure, even with the barely noticeable undercurrent of worry.
“I did,” Dean says. “I asked him.”
“Up the stairs, second door on the left.”
) had kept lying, if it meant he could stay.
“I didn’t know how to talk to you, either of you, not just about that but about anything. So, I just didn’t. I let myself stop thinking about it and threw myself back into hunting because that was something I knew. Then Toni Bevell said something to me.”
Still, sitting next to his father by that lake in companionable silence, dad smiling at him as he attempted to reel in whatever was nibbling at the end of the hook, it had felt so...homely— something that Dean already had barely felt except for brief memories of being four and occasionally three. It wasn’t dad’s fault the money ended up running thin. Dean should have stretched it further, not splurged on brand name chips the first day, or whatever.
Hopefully, it comes out a lot less harsh this time. No one yells at him, at least.
Suddenly, Dean is furious. He’s furious about a lot of things for a lot of reasons.
“Dean.” Sam complains.
“Hex bag?” Dean blinks, leaning in to get a closer look.
He breathes a little easier with each step.
Jack scrunches his face. “But I use my powers to help you.”
“I’ll get her number when she comes back with the food,” he leans back in his seat with a grin.
. I had to look out for them, and for myself. I couldn’t keep playing the dutiful daughter hiding how fucked up everything is from the whole world, even myself. Eventually, something’s gotta give.”
“You’re John Winchester.” Cas cocks his head, and for the first time in a while Dean remembers just how intense, otherworldly, vaguely terrifying that gaze can be, even if it’s not directed at him this time.
“It was, by all accounts, a regular day. We all woke up at six a.m and had breakfast. I went off to work, Henrietta— our daughter— left for school. Lydia told me she was going to spend the morning in the garden, then have lunch with some of her friends, before doing the weekly grocery shop. She wasn’t in when I came home, but she did come back half an hour later with grocery bags, gave me a kiss on the cheek and told me we were having pot roast for dinner. I was helping her put some things in the freezer...and then...well...she just—”
“Having you here. It isn’t working.”
“I’m sure they will,” Sam says aloud. “Pass me a book.”
It’s...delicate, at first. For reasons Dean isn’t sure about, she seems to have her guard up; she tracks dad out of the corner of her eye whenever they’re in the same room.
. “Even if that were true, you just made it about mine. I will and have endured a lot of things, but I will not stand here and let you insult my son.”
“Thank you for your time, Caleb,” Sam nods, then pauses. “Hey, can I use your bathroom?”
Sam takes a few deep breaths before continuing. “Look, I know me and dad used to have our fair share of issues, and I won’t say I’ve never hated the guy for my own sake, because god knows I have. But it’s been a long time since then, and I’ve had a lot of time to think and I got over our issues a long time ago. Heck, I probably would have completely forgiven the guy by now...if it was just me.”
“A lot of it isn’t my story to tell.” He shakes his head. “Amy...she’s troubled, like I said. But she’s a good kid, at heart.”
Finally, he heads into the main area of the bunker. He’s still half-expecting not to see dad there— Dean will walk in, and dad will be dead like he has been for years, and mom and Sam won’t even know about the dream, like they don’t know about all the others. But as soon as he looks across the war room, he can see the figure of his father running a hand across the map table as Sam watches on.
He looks at them and there’s...a disconnect. Something about this entire situation is just...a little bit to the left, leaving a missing space at the side, pushing other things out of the picture.
Dean feels like a bucket of ice water has just been dunked over him, freezing his insides and washing away something precious.
“Her name is Maria. Maria Kane. I’m thinking, if Henrietta and Amy’s link is what got their families targeted, then—“
“It was my first chupacabra case!” Dad defends lightly. “I didn’t even know they were real.”
“Yeah.” Sam breathes. “Yeah, it’s great, Dean.”
“Maybe.” Dean hums. “Or maybe it messed up? Either way, let’s get out of here.”
So it’s the same thing, right? She just needs to process that dad’s back and talk to him, then their family will fall into place.
Deep, ragged breaths fill the space.
Then they’re scrambling out of the car and breaking down the door of that cute little copy paste house.
Striding over to where Cas, Sam and Jack are huddled while Caleb and Maria talk to Amy in low voices, he clears his throat and asks “So, anyone wanna explain what the hell just happened there?”
“No,” Jack tells him. “Once the Baozhu is broken, you’ll return to your own time. Maybe you’ll think this was all a strange dream, but you won’t remember, not really.”
“Okay,” he says breathlessly. Then coughs. “Chick flick moment over?”
a witch.”
“That does narrow things down,” Mom frowns at the book she has open.
so long ago. To him and Sam, it’s a given that Azazel is long gone. They’d stopped thinking about ‘the thing that killed mom’ a long time ago. So much had happened since then, including the world almost ending about five times over, but to dad, this man from 2003, it's still his mission.
On the seventh day, the peace they’ve started to build takes a hit.
The next lie is part your father and part yourself.
Instead, he was faced down by John Winchester. His
And boy, these are memories that have been locked up in their specific box for a
Today, it’s silent inside the car.
“Of course it matters! If I never had a choice, was it really even love?”
It’s not that he couldn’t still be picking up phone numbers left and right if he tried— age hasn’t been
It’s not really purposeful. Dean hadn’t really thought about working cases. Dad just got back, and he’s with his kids [the first time in years for them], and his wife [the first time in years for him]. Dean guesses he just hadn’t thought work would be the priority, after all, with Azazel gone and his family back together, shouldn’t dad just want to...settle? That’s what he always said— that they hunt until they take down the thing that killed mom, but there was never a whisper of what would happen after. He guesses he’d just presumed dad would be done.
“Maria’s family could be next,” Dean finishes for him.
“This one’s my favourite.” Dean takes one hand off the wheel to tap ‘
“The family business,” Dean finishes for him.
Dad looks up from behind his newspaper (they’d explained to him it’s easier to get news online now, but he’d insisted on a paper)
“I had to do it,” Amy says again, but her resolve is a lot weaker than just a moment ago.
Dean zones out for this bit— Sam is explaining what they know about the case so far to Willliamson, just to double check the information they’re currently working from is correct, but Dean remembers the gist.
Maybe that is why the lies from the man who is not a man (who in your mind is now
Dean does everything in his power to hide the fear bubbling in his throat. Dad clocks the gun in Dean’s hand and nods, apparently sated a little, but he still doesn’t look like he wants to leave any time soon. In 2003, he was already trusting Dean to go on solo hunts, but clearly Dean has done something to deserve having his reigns put back on. The choking feeling of failure, of
“There were problems at home. There were always problems at home, from the day I was born and probably before that too. But Amy always had her friends— they were close, they were family. I was always in her corner too, or I tried to be, even if she didn’t want me there. I thought with all that, she would be okay, y’know? But then she started arguing back to dad, or even starting fights of her own, and lemme tell ya, that’s one of the first things we learned not to do.”
what is he doing wrong— instead, he is six and eleven and seventeen and twenty one and that’s his
But the hardness is
Cas looks up from the game board with that familiar head tilt.
“If that’s okay?” he asks. “I don’t want to intrude.”
Cas scrunches his face in confusion. “Dean, you are perfectly aware I know nothing about cooking.”
“Because I knew it would turn out like this.” He sighs. “I know...I know how you wanted it to go.  I know you wanted us to all...be a family. And I knew it wouldn’t work out, because we are
“Yeah.” She huffs a laugh. “Not the best source, I know, especially considering she was brainwashing me at the time. But...she did know a lot, and she called...she said what John did to you was child abuse.”
(The man who is not a man starts to question his father too.)
Mom is wearing jeans and a tank top with a flannel thrown over the top, Dean thinks stupidly, still trying to work out this turn of events. It’s the same kind of thing she always wears...then he remembers it’s not. The mom in his memories wore pale sundresses and white nightgowns and had hair that flowed down her back. That’s the woman dad knew. Without even realising, Dean had at some point replaced that image of his mother with the one in front of him.
Dad turns to him with a sharp glance. Dean feels an anxiety he’d forgotten start to pound in his chest. Can they really not get through a few minutes without a fight? Thankfully, when dad’s face breaks, he looks almost proud.
It’s open to, of all things, instagram.
“Yeah, Caleb,” the kid smiles. “I didn’t know you two were FBI agents.”
Dean feels a guilty flash of satisfaction that she’s as uncomfortable with this as he is. Talking about emotions, about dad, about the years mom was dead and how that was the reason they grew up with just dad in the first place— they both know those are things often better left in the quiet, so why is she doing this?
Dean relaxes a fraction. Mom explained it well, giving context without letting some of the more...unsatisfactory details of the whole situation slip. They’d all mostly stopped worrying about the conditions of Jack’s birth, but it would probably make dad reach for his gun again.
“Maybe you did,” Dean admits, then finally, finally says the end of that statement that he’s let stay inside his mind for years, only even thinking it at his angriest moments. “But maybe your best wasn’t good enough.”
You have no one to lie for, so you cry as your phone rings and rings, world ending around you and inside you.
Dean fishes the pearl out from where it sits in a bowl behind him and rolls it between his fingers.
The five of them don’t move or speak for a long time, after John is sent back to his own time. Even if this is a decision they made together, even if it was the right one, it’s still a heavy one.
“So...if those things are good, we should try and keep them, right? And...accept, that things are different than they used to be, and maybe shouldn’t be that way again.”
“Seems like those two are getting along,” she notes.
“Dean, you realise this could have undesirable consequences? Messing with time it’s...it can be catastrophic.”
⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢
“Oh, that’s rich coming from you,” Amy snaps, turning to face the woman. “Did you think no one noticed? Did you think Maria never told me? That I didn’t see the fucking
Jack sits in the back, next to mom, unnervingly silent except for when asked a question. The kid is normally a complete chatterbox in the car— Dean had broken him out of the ‘are we there yet?’ habit after a while, but in exchange he now knows exactly what happened on Riverdale last week, how bubblegum is made, and the names and histories of an impressive number of both constellations and dinosaurs.
Dean’s words are husky, whispered into Cas’ ear. When he’s done, he swipes his tongue over the shell of the ear before nipping at the lobe.
He offers them a drink, which they decline, and guides them into the sitting room.
“Dad, dad, it’s fine,” he quickly consoles. “This is Cas— Castiel— and Jack. They’re, uh...well, they’re good. Nothing to worry about.”
He’s grateful for that.
Maybe if he explained it now, it would be fine. After all, It’s a long time in the past, right? None of it was pretty, especially when Ruby got her hooks into him...but, looking back on it, Dean can admit he may have overreacted at points, if only to himself. Sam had made some mistakes, and he was
Cas regards him with cold eyes. “If
“Cas, you could have been nicer to my dad.”
Jack blinks at him. “I’m not sure I understand.”
It starts out fine. Better than fine, actually. The four of them grab breakfast at the diner they’re quickly becoming regulars at. They swap hunting stories from times when they weren’t all around or in the know, and the conversation flows so easily that Dean relaxes into his chair, savouring the moment that feels like what he always dreamed of.
her, and you’re gonna put her in another one's path?”
Dean suddenly feels kinda bad about poking at the kid, especially when he thinks they’re just nosy cops [he knows how shitty it is to have cops poking into your family life], but it’s for the greater good, the best thing they can do is stop whatever is doing this, and for that they need to ask some uncomfortable questions.
Dean shakes his head. “Fucking witches.”
Caleb swings the door wide open, giving them the space to get through. They settle on a cream coloured sofa, Caleb opting to perch on the coffee table instead of taking the chair.
Sam rips the floral drapes off the wall to save them having to go back to the impala for the ropes while mom ushers the Kane family out of their own home for the night. Dean can hear an argument, Maria demanding she wants to stay, but he doesn’t get involved. Jack is still uncomfortable, and Cas places a comforting hand on his shoulder and tells him he understands why he stopped the bullet, but to remember his soul is at risk if he uses his powers too much. Dean watches all of this to avoid looking at the one person whose face he’s sure is brimming with anger and disappointment right now.
way, but Jack is— he came into their lives, into Dean’s mind, as the offspring of one of the greatest evils they’d ever faced. He
Henrietta breathes out, some of the fight and defensiveness lifting from her. “I mean...there was blood, and flesh and...
Mom looks like she’s just rolled out of bed and wishes she could roll back in, Sam’s fingers go tap, tap, tap on the table, dad peruses the menu, and Dean...just watches.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean is immediately on the defensive. He has a bad feeling about where this is going.
“What are you all looking at? Get back to work,” he snaps.
They don’t get a chance to say anything else before he blusters out of the front door to find the nearest bar. Then, Dean stands in the wreckage left behind and watches as the rest of his family walks away too, holing themselves up alone in their rooms.
“Guess it really is you boys then.” He chuckles. “Jesus, look at you. Still hunting?”
“Well, show your old man around and maybe you’ll stumble across something new.”
“Cas, uh, if you’re really worried you could go...look around? Do some angel mojo? Take a trip to heaven’s sandbox?” Dean offers, faltering over multiple words, an old peace-making smile on his face.
He knows that voice, wherever it’s coming from. Who does it belong to again? He finds that doesn’t really matter right now— the voice feels safe, like a blanket wrapping around him, like
“Are you mad at me?”
You are not a hypocrite (well, you are, but you tell yourself you are not, that it’s different when it’s you.) You lie as much as you are lied to. You have fake FBI badges in your car and your dad's old leather jacket in your closet and being vulnerable scares you to death. You lie to yourself and you lie to strangers and you lie to your brother and you lie to Cas.
if you want to keep your goddamn
He isn’t quite there yet, because he imagines if he was, he would fit in it better.
And he’d said it in front of
[A memory from long ago surfaces, words Dean himself had said: their marriage wasn’t perfect until after she died.] [Maybe it can’t be perfect with both of them alive at all.]
This is not the lie. You have always been a weapon.
? After
Sam nods. “Okay, let’s do it. Save people, hunt things—”
“Were you guys, uh, in contact while I was gone?”
It takes him even longer than usual to fall into a fitful sleep that night.
He wants to ask why, but both him and Cas know why Cas has a problem with the plan, and Dean is too tired to play dumb.
This lie comes from forces even you did not believe in once. You never thought that because there are demons there must be angels (not since the woman who told you they are watching over you burned on the ceiling). You could accept a devil but not a god.
This is, of course, when his dad bursts back into the house. His eyes stop on Dean and Cas first, his expression already twisting into an expression Dean knows all too well. Next, his gaze lands on Sam and Jack, supporting a tired witch and bustling her out of the almost crime scene, very much alive.
“He was a good man,” dad says, restrained. “When he was minding his own business, anyway.” is added with a chuckle.
Don’t let them know you failed.
. “So, are you going to go with the plan, or not?”
“It’s weird, huh?” Sam breathes into the now vacant air.
Before you can say anything, he is taken, absorbed in stygian black that you already know will haunt your nightmares for a long time.
is back.
Dean swallows. “Hit. It...It is your place, you know?”
“I had to do something,” Amy says, finally looking at her friend. “We couldn’t just keep living like this! I couldn’t take it anymore!”
give an answer, or if it’s even a question.
“Jack can survive half an hour with my dad, Cas.”
“Well, we make a habit of not flashing our badges when it isn’t necessary.” Dean chuckles. “Mind if we come in?”
The worst thing is, he’s pretty sure that’s really how dad remembers her. He spent his whole life avenging a woman he’d made up in his head.
“Well, it’s gotta be someone with connections to both the Millers and the Williamsons. Neither family mentioned any real enemies when we asked, so no leads there. I’ll look online and see what I can find,” Sam says.
Dean’s glad Sam is also apparently sick of the phrase ‘spontaneously combusted’.
going to do it again. Not while I’m alive.”
“A7. What is this Cas? Some kind of ultimatum?”
They ask questions about Simon: what he did that day, if he’d seemed strange lately, had any odd interests or mentioned anything surprising, but it all leads to nothing.
Jeans, a t-shirt, an old leather jacket he hasn’t worn in a long time.
John chuckles. “Probably dumped you when she realised you have the same diet as a teenage girl, huh?”
“I know you don’t like dad,” is what Dean ends up saying, and he realises it’s not the right thing to say even before it’s left his mouth.
Dean was never hoping for some great speech, for apologies or his blessing for the men they’ve become and the lives they lead. In truth, he was expecting another fight. He supposes this is the best he could ever hope for, from John Winchester.
She’s silent for another long moment, then says “Coffee’s getting cold. We should head back.”
“What did you want to talk to me about, sir?” He says.
Sam can’t say that anymore— instead, he clenches his jaw and says “Dad can deal.”
Lydia and Eric Williamson married young, straight out of college. He went into teaching, she published cookbooks, popped out a kid, then it was sixteen years of driving to soccer practice and PTA meetings until three days ago, when—
Except...
Dean thinks of the things Caleb has divulged about his and his sisters’ upbringing and even without the details he knows that their father wasn't winning any number one dad awards, recognises it easier than he recognises himself in the mirror sometimes. They’d never gone down this road in their brief interview with Henrietta and her father, but he still bets that yeah, it's probably three for three.
“They had not. Well...except Hank Peterson, but the way he described I thought he’d just dropped some acid and watched a rerun of Creature from the Black Lagoon.”
Dad is silent for a moment. “Well, I gotta say, I have been curious to see that ‘angel mojo’ of Castiel’s.”
“Shouldn’t he?” she snaps back, finally turning to look at him. “It’s my life, Dean! Did you think I just didn’t deserve to know that I was...what? Some cosmic-baby making machine? That what I thought I felt for years didn’t even come from me?”
It’s enough for dad to barrel ahead. “I...I always worried about him. What had been done to him, what that made him, what he could become. Tell me, and tell me
Mom’s room is completely impersonal, nothing to say she’s staying here except the already packed duffle in the corner, which is understandable, because it’s not really her room, it’s the guest room she stays in when she sticks around.
“There’s a lot of angel lore books in the library,” Dean interrupts. “But, y’know, It’s pretty unlikely we’re gonna come across any angels we’ve got to gank. They’re almost as rare as they were before I first came topside these days.“
⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢
’s dad, and if that isn’t a whole other can of worms in and of itself.
You try to keep the story your father wove alive, but then you are 37 and there is a woman in the street staring back at you.
Jack looks confused, but he leaves without protest.
It is a strange thing, to inhabit a body.
“I think it will be fun!” Jack says. At least someone gets it.
It’s just...complicated, having dad meet them, is all. But, it’s his whole family together, this is a good thing, right?”
Jesus, that feels so long ago now. It
it, Cas. If anyone knows what my father is capable of, it’s me. And I say he’ll be just fine with Jack for this one case.”
,” Sam and Cas chide.
Dean told him again and again, like a mantra, that dad was just doing his best. Eventually Sam stopped fighting, even found good things to say about the man, but Dean’s still not sure if he ever listened.
This is it, Dean thinks. This is the moment they run into each other's arms, share a kiss the way only two people who love each other so much but never thought they’d see each other again can. This is the moment his family will be whole for the first time since he carried his baby brother out of their burning home.
“Yeah. I’m not saying you
Glancing at the bed across from him for the first time since this
“Well, we’re alive and kicking, so that never hurts.” He shrugs. “Things have been...touch and go, at times. We lost you, we lost a lot of people, but we pulled ourselves back up. I’d say we’re probably as happy as guys like us ever can be.”
They both stiffen when he gets close to them. Cool. Great sign.
They fall into silence for a few moments. Dean wishes he’d had the foresight to bring some beers out, if only for something to do with his hands.
“Phew,” he says, leafing through old tome #553, “and I thought Bobby’s library was crazy.”
Cas is still standing there, still bridling with righteous anger. Really, it shouldn’t be a surprise he’d shoot to kill— he always knows what to say in an argument, how to get down to someone's core and tear them to shreds. Still, everything grinds to a halt when he says his next words, casual and vindictive all at once: “Of course you were perfect for each other. But that’s only because Heaven needed it to be so. When you met, Mary Campbell couldn’t stand you, and it would have stayed that way if not for a literal, biblical miracle.”
for me? You were begging for it with every look, no wonder you fell. Broken little angel, wanting what it can’t have.”
“Okay.” Jack nods. “I can do that...I think.”
. Let me—“ then he’d brush his thumb across Cas’ lower lip before leaning in those final few inches and kissing him.
Mary huffs a laugh. “Surprised you were in the game as long as you were and never heard of the Campbells. I was born and raised a hunter. Got out of the life not long after we met, though...well, more or less. But after I came back...you were gone, and the kids were all grown up and hunters themselves...what else was I supposed to do?”
“Catch us up?” Dean beelines for the remaining bed.
“God, you must have been about what...14? Sharp as a tack though. That case probably would have taken months without you.”
Well, anyway. Jack is hard to categorise too. Dean doesn’t categorise him as a friend— he doesn’t mean that in a
Once Eric has disappeared out of earshot, Dean turns to his brother. “I hope Cas and Jack are having more luck at the morgue.”
This, of course, leads to a second debate of exactly how they do this. Two parents, their adult sons who look a lot closer to their age than should be possible, an angel of the lord, and a two year old nephilim who appears to be in his late teens, do not a regular family make [and if that sinks something in Dean’s chest, even though It’s something he knows, then he buries it before he can think too much more on it.]
a couple, aren’t they? Married, two kids, the whole shebang. Mary Winchester, the great love and loss of John Winchester’s life. John Winchester, the man who Mary Winchester fell in love with to a soundtrack of Zeppelin and normalcy. They’re both here, together, so why are they like this? Growing pains, Dean thought it had to be growing pains, but hasn’t it been long enough for them to fall back into each others arms? Especially since they were supposed to have talked things out yesterday? On the contrary, it only made mom colder, and some of that seems to have rubbed off on dad now too: It’s like...he’s
Even Sam looks like he’s struggling.
On the fourth day, mom comes out of her room for longer than it takes to go to the bathroom and raid the kitchen for the first time since breakfast that first morning.
Shocked, Dean starts laughing. He laughs way more than he should, for something that objectively isn’t funny, but each gulp of air he takes as he does so feels fresh and free. It can’t be that weird, because suddenly, everyone is giggling with him.
(A man who is not a man learns this from you.)
is, so he can’t be the one to start talking even if he wanted to [he doesn’t]. So, he sips weak black coffee with undissolved sugar granules and waits, stomach knot tightening into a noose.
“Do you wanna know what I’d do, Angel?” Dean is straddling him now, rubbing his clothed cock against Castiel’s own as he whispers. “First, I’d just look, I’d watch you writhe, all wide-eyed. You’d like that, wouldn’t you? Me watching? Bet you’d put on a show, desperate to please me, desperate for me to want you back.”
He left behind a wife and three kids, the youngest of which is only six months old.
Cas, and though he can now admit it wasn’t really Jack’s fault, and he was in fact the only reason they got him back, at the time that had clouded any kind of relationship they could have. Now...Jack is great, despite his mistakes. He’s a sweet kid. He’s Cas’ kid, and that’s probably why Dean doesn’t consider him a friend but more like...well, son is a strong word, but…
Dad wheels his attention to Dean now.
“Before what?”
gotten along before. Sam was always the one dad wanted protecting, always the one who got cut that little bit more slack, never the one scared away from speaking out, never the one sent away.
“Dean, there’s something I never told you about your brother.”
He still has no idea what he should do, but he knows how to figure it out.
John shakes his head. “Not quite. How many rooms does this place have?”
Seeing the guilty look on his brother's face, he immediately lets go of a little bit of that armour.
Jesus.
intensely.
[He has, he would, but he can’t now.]
He swipes his thumb over the head of his cock again. A sob builds in his throat, he just can’t tell if it’s from the pleasure or the tears still slipping down his cheeks.
“No wrong answers, Dean. Whatever it is, it’s okay.”
at her. Dean has never imagined his parents mad at each other if they’d somehow managed to find eachother again.
“Amy,” Caleb begs. “Look...we just need to talk to you. And
“This is between you and your family?” Cas looks dad squarely in the face, sliding into his personal space. His voice reminds Dean of a moment long ago,
“Like I said. Some of it isn’t my story to tell.”
“Uh...no, I don’t.” Sam swallows. “There was a girl, for a while, but it didn’t work out.”
“I love him,” Dean says quickly. “Is that what you want to hear? That despite everything, I love him? Because it’s true. Or do you want to hear that I resent him? That I’m afraid of him? That sometimes, I actually let myself hate him, if just for a moment? Because that’s all true too. But, at the end of the day, he’s family, and I love him.”
“Well, not often we get new faces around here.” The waiter— Caleb, Dean reads from his nametag—  shoots them a smile.
He knows he shouldn’t.
“I...got confused,” Jack says reluctantly.
“With the internet stuff? I think I’m good. Jack will help me when he and Cas get back. You can hone in on some of the witchcraft books now that we know what’s going on, but honestly it’s fine if you just kick back and relax.”
He hates when they band together, and no, it’s
“You’re right, Sammy.” He tips his head back, trying to blink the tears away. “I...I wanted us to be a family. I thought...mom’s here. Dad’s here. Maybe...maybe we could finally have what we never got a chance to. It was stupid.”
Cas cocks his head thoughtfully. “Yes...and no.”
Cas corners Dean as soon as he gets the chance, hurrying him into a corner as everyone is distracted ironing out the details. “I don’t like this, Dean.”
“More or less.”
family.
Dean takes the verbal hits. Inside, he lets out a mirthless chuckle that he’d tried so hard but he’d still been seen through. He’d even felt himself changing, forming back into the man dad raised, but hey, he was never good enough even then, was he?
“Besides,” Dad adds. “We need to talk, Mary. Just me and you. We haven’t really had the chance yet.”
“Thanks, Dr. Phil.” He snorts.
be there, not with the thing that killed mom walking around, doesn’t Sam even care about his mother? Isn’t he
Caleb sunk into something past his easygoing demeanor sometime during his speech. He seems almost tired now, reclining in his seat out of need instead of a carefree attitude.
“Did you really think I couldn’t tell how you wanted? How you
bad?”
Oh, right.
Dean yanks his shoulder back, far too forcefully for it to be casual.
people,” Jack emphasizes. “Isn’t that what
Dean chokes on nothing.
“Well...are you happy?”
Smug son of a bitch.
“The yellow-eyed demon,” mom finishes for him. “Yeah, I do know all that. But I mean...emotionally.” She says the world like she’s not quite sure how to shape it, like it’s some big four syllable spelling bee winner she’s unfamiliar with.
“She was an evil bitch,” Dean says, which they both know is not an answer. Dean doesn’t think he
overtook him, he’s grateful to find the real Dean still asleep. Castiel doesn’t want to imagine what would happen if he woke up, caught Castiel whining and needy and desperate for him.
“Hello.” Jack raises one hand. “Would you like to come in?”
⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢⌢
“Where’s your mother?” Dad asks, unnoticing or uncaring of Dean’s internal trip down memory lane.
Dean splutters. “O-Okay. Well,
Cas nods, starting the story over. It’s a fairly gruesome one, that involves the cops telling Cas in detail about how they’d had to scrape viscera off the walls and gather what was left of Lydia into a body bag. From the tests the coroner had been able to conduct, there were no marks found and nothing strange in her system.
Sam opens one eye to look at him, confused before catching on to Dean’s train of thought.
Mom groans appreciatively. “God, lasagne sounds great right now.”
, and maybe it makes me
Lying to dad leaves a twisting feeling in Dean’s stomach. If he ever found out the truth of all this...well, Dean has experience with the consequences. He’d only managed to keep a few things from dad in his first round of life, long ago learning to be truthful about absolutely everything he could, because even if it was bad it was better than what he’d get for lying. Besides, dad had done so much for them, he didn’t [and doesn’t] deserve his kid being a rebellious bastard who isn’t even man enough to tell the truth. But, there
“Bitch.”
“And are you and your mother the only ones home? What about your sisters?” Sam asks, shifting into investigation mode.
In the space of a breath, Dean is sitting on the floor of the war room. Everyone is still standing around him— except for Amy, Caleb, and Maria. It takes a moment to realise that Jack must have brought them here.
It’s not that he wants to lie to his father, it’s just...easier, he reminds himself.
family. It doesn’t mean— Cas is— No matter what, they’ve always been, always will be, it doesn’t
“Tell you what though, I wouldn’t. I never would.” Dean wiggles enough so that he can unbutton Cas’ jeans, slipping his cock out and wrapping his hands around it, a more exciting imitation of reality. “If you tried hard enough, maybe I’d decide to use you though. That’s what you want, right Cas, to be useful?”
in band. She just also happens to be a huge liar, so you never know.”
“I don’t doubt he can. That doesn’t mean he should have to.”
Dean grew up on stories of Mary Winchester, a devoted wife and mother who makes meatloaf and pie from scratch and wouldn't know a glock from a shotgun.
“I was at a friend's house. Me and another friend. We went over to hers straight after school. We hang out most days, either around town or around each others houses when we can. It’s a lot more fun than hanging around here. We didn’t do much really, hung out in her room, watched some bad reality tv, her brother made dinner and we ate and then I walked home.”
“Does it matter?” He pleads. “You love him!”
“You stand by this bullshit?” His scathing tone tapers into a hateful laugh. “You know, I should have known. The second I got here, I could tell you weren’t the same kid I left behind. Sure, you tried, but you just couldn’t pull it off, could you? You’ve gone
And he picks up the bowl, and crushes the pearl under its weight.
Then, they head to the kitchen, so Dean can make dinner for his family.
She’s adjusting, he reminds himself.
“I’m gonna hit the hay,” Dean says, knocking back the rest of the bottle and collapsing on his bed face down.
It doesn’t really matter, because dad is just as angry as he was back in that living room.
“Always do,” he says, and if there’s tears in his eyes, John doesn’t mention it. Dean doesn’t mention the tears in his either. “Goodbye.”
“She’s killing people,” Dean says gruffly.
“Uh...yeah.” Dean swallows, now reminded of a completely different argument, one Sam wasn’t involved in.
“I don’t know him anymore, if I ever did. And he never knew me...the woman he talks about loving, I have no idea who she is.”
Caleb looks up at him from under a frown. “How are you planning on doing that?”
Long ingrained instincts are the only thing that stops Dean from flinching at the sound of the firing revolver. Still, the gunshot echoes in the now otherwise silent room, but it’s all coming from one point— the just-fired gun gripped in dad’s hand.
The split is never questioned, at least not out loud— Winchesters in the Impala, Cas and Jack in the other car.
“You’re not really FBI, are you?” He chuckles wryly.
“It was. You didn’t take it. E2.”
sink in, then he’ll be happy. They’ll all be happy.
He pats her on the shoulder, and turns to leave. Before he does, he takes a last look around the undecorated room. It would’ve hurt, once. Hell, it probably would’ve hurt yesterday. But...that’s who his mom is, that’s who they are, and the fact that she’s here at all, the fact he can get to know the real her...it’s good.
Deliriously, the words ‘
“Y-you’d let me?” Cas asks. Even though it’s a fantasy, his own voice sounds wrecked and wanton. He thinks there might be tears pooling in his eyes. There is, in the motel room, but for some reason it only drives him closer to the edge.
“I’ll leave you two to handle this,” he points between Sam and Cas and walks away before they can argue.
“What the hell is going on here?” His voice bellows, furious, throughout the room.
“That’s the guy, yeah.” Dean nods.
“I just—” he shakes his head. “I wish I’d known sooner.”
“Look, I don’t know what you think my dad is like—“
You know what they say— silence speaks volumes.
“Don’t you talk to me that way, not after what you just did—”
He finds Cas and Jack at the same time. They’re in the crow’s nest with a plate of cookies between them and a game of battleship on the go.
“Wanna hear what I realised? I realised...there’s probably no such thing as normal, not in the real world. All we can really hope for is what makes us happy, even if it’s the farthest thing from normal there is, as long as we’re happy, and the people we care about are happy? I’d take that over normal any day.”
close enough for his breath to fan across his lips.
“Nobody is hurting my sister,” Caleb says fiercely, stepping between Amy and the gun.
Dean follows him to the kitchen. He washes while Castiel dries, because that’s their pattern.
Dean’s not really sure of the answer to that. Of course Cas is his friend. Cas is his
Turning back to the table, the look Sam shoots him over his greek yoghurt and granola is absolutely withering, mixed with something else Dean doesn’t want to put a name to but looks uncomfortably akin to pity. Mom, at least, seems intensely interested in stirring her coffee. Dad claps him on the shoulder, and that’s what matters.
And on the sixth day, they do start talking. Admittedly, she only asks dad to pass her the ketchup. But they’re getting somewhere, he knows they are.
So that’s how they end up outside the deceased Lydia Williamson’s house while Cas and Jack head to the morgue and mom and dad hit the books.
Mom hands him his coffee and they sit in the familiar Winchester silence that signals ‘we have to talk about something neither of us want to talk about’. Dean doesn’t know what this
Sam chuckles. “Honestly, I’m not sure we’ve even found them all yet.”
to because of the case, both would be firmly in his ears— as it is, he’s staring down at his phone screen, looking busy. In the back, Cas stares out the window at the house, cutting himself off from attempts at conversation just as firmly.
“Sir, if you just go with mom, then I promise this hunt will be all wrapped up by the time you’re back.”
He’d skimmed over a lot of the demon blood stuff in his little catch-up course that first night. Only what was needed— they found yellow eyes, dad died, and later they’d put him down. He never mentioned that they found out Azazel had bled into Sam’s mouth as a baby, or the visions, and especially not what happened with Ruby.
Right. Holy shit. This kid can’t be much older than twenty.
Dean nods. Right. He doesn’t exactly know how to have this conversation. He guesses he just has to go for it. Jack will understand.
“Oh, hey, you’re those FBI guys!” He says with a smile, like he’d just placed them. “How’s the investigation going?”
— a friend, the best you’ve ever had, family because family don't end with blood,
“Yes,” he agrees. “But I understand. You agents are just doing your jobs.”
He thinks about fate, and destiny, and Micheal and Lucifer and his own insistence that fuck fate, they’ll rip up the ending. He thinks about Amara, and a bond he’d never wanted that made him feel sick every time he felt it, and a different bond that exists between himself and someone else, because they chose each other.
“The body is waiting in the morgue,” Sam says, half focusing on his laptop and half on his chicken wrap. “I figure we send two people in for the body, two to interview the family, then two people wait here and get a headstart with research.”
Sam laughs. “Jerk.”
time— A box shoved up into his mind’s attic and left to gather dust. Maybe in a hundred years someone would go into the attic, blow the dust off and peer inside out of curiosity, only to find a bunch of junk they could do nothing with but look at and wonder who the hell left this box here and why their life was so messed up.
John nods. “Maybe that’s for the best.”
“Look, about last night—”
“You had to kill three people?” Dean asks harshly, because there’s too much going on and he can’t take it anymore. “Turn to fucking witchcraft? Was there no point where you thought, ‘hey, this is pretty fucked up, maybe I should get off this crazy train before I’m a monster someone has to come put down?’”
The first lie is your mother, though you will not learn this until much later.
As soon as they’re out the door, he runs a hand over his face. “That was a bust.”
Because he needed her to find mom. Dad would be proud, he thinks a little bitterly.
“Like I just said,” Dean chuckles, confused. “As happy as guys like us ever can be.”
The heavenly body that is supposed to represent all things good tells you you are a tool, a sword, a prop of divine intervention in a war you never expected.
“Caleb,” Cas says, measured. “Are you using witchcraft to murder people?”
“I know that. I do. But dad, he hasn’t...had the same experiences with hunting that we have. He won’t understand. And, you could get...he could get mad. Especially if—”
like dad.
Thunk. Thunk. Thunk. Dean’s heartbeat is deafening. His brain starts a chorus ‘he knows he knows he knows’ which is stupid, because Cas and Jack
And Sam...Sam had walked away from that...had left Dean…
They’ve been chipping their way through textbooks, or in Dean’s case, staring at the same page without taking any of it. It can’t be more than an hour from when they started—  long enough for Cas and Jack to get back, but not long enough for Dean to start getting antsy from sitting still with a boring ass book— so logic dictates they have many more hours of the research crawl, and dad should be all over that, not pulling Dean away.
He shouldn’t, he knows. He knows that’s not the kind of thing you do, touch yourself to the thought of the best friend as he sleeps across from you, unaware of what you’re doing. Dean would probably be disgusted, if he knew, because he’d made it clear he didn’t want Castiel in the bunker, so he definitely wouldn’t want
Dean had never forgotten the things from his own adventures in time travel. For a long time, he thought they were the closest he’d ever get to seeing his mother again, after all. He remembers the first time he’d discovered feisty hunter Mary Campbell and had to add some question marks to the small box in his head marked ‘things I know about mom’. She was raised a hunter, just like they were. Even though, from the glimpses Dean had gotten, they were still more suburban than the Winchesters ever were, with a home of their own and family dinners. That Mary had told them she wanted out of the life, and she never wanted her sons in it.
“You can handle things here, huh?” Dad seethes. “Things sure aren’t looking handled to me.” The anger is still simmering under the surface, but Dean can feel the eventual blow-up on the horizon like an incoming punch. Reflexively, he moves closer to Sam.
The coffee is, in fact, cold. No one complains. Cas even smiles when Dean tosses him the bag of sour gummy worms [still taste like molecules, but he likes the texture, whatever that means].
“What’ve we got?” Dean asks, sliding into the seat next to his brother to peer at his laptop screen.”
“Dean,” mom says, quiet, awkward and uncomfortable. “I want you to know...even if I don’t like this destiny thing, and even if I have no idea how I feel about your father...the one thing about all that I don’t regret is you and Sam.”
“Kid, what the hell are you doing?” Dean asks, except he’s drowned out by dad asking the same thing, much louder.
“John!” Mary snaps, but he ignores her, his voice only getting louder.
“Quite the place you boys got here,” John notes as Dean approaches.
“I’ll make some more tea.” Eric directs his daughter to the armchair he just vacated and disappears to putter around the kitchen.
Henrietta looks up at him from under her eyebrows. “My mother had spontaneously combusted.”
Sam, thankfully, catches on and goes with the lie. “Yeah. Out. For breakfast.”
Now, he feels.
“Look, I love my sister. I do. But Amy...she’s been a bit rebellious lately— normal sixteen year old stuff, sneaking out, lying, arguing with anyone who will listen. And, well, her and dad always had a...complicated relationship. Well, I was never dad’s biggest fan either, but I’m older, y’know? Had to handle that stuff. What I’m saying is, Amy hasn’t been home since before we got the news.”
He wipes the fresh tears from his cheeks, puts himself away, and curls up into a ball, purposefully facing away from Dean.
“And you said my father...he was one of these men of letters?”
“Stop it!” Dean finds himself standing between them before he even realised he was moving. “Dad...sir...Sam is a
Dean is keeping tabs on Amy out the corner of his eye. She looks shaken, more so than her brother [Dad wasn’t aiming for Caleb, right? He must have found a clear shot at Amy?]. He’s still standing between her and dad, but Dean definitely has a clear shot right now, could take her down in a second. Under his father’s glare, his fingers itch for his gun.
Dad’s face softens, just for a moment, and though he still doesn’t look happy, he lets mom lead him away with one last sharp glance back at his sons. It says ‘
“So, you gonna tell us why your sister is killing her friends' parents?” Dean asks, having to twist his neck to see Caleb in the backseat, but in retrospect it’s probably better than out in the open evening light where anyone could see them.
Any other case, he probably would have pulled up whatever western was playing on the tiny motel tv, grabbed a beer, and dragged Cas down next to him so he could talk his ear off about the movie while Cas alternated between watching it intensely and watching
Sam had pulled him into the hall to talk once they’d explained to dad about the pearl and the time travel and got him seated in the kitchen. There’s still so much they need to catch him up on.
Bile rises up in his stomach when he sees Sam withdraw into himself, and he
. What was the next step, huh? Spend the rest of our lives looking over our shoulders? We should have found a solution
Dean can see there’s still an unsure line to his father’s shoulders, and he braces himself for an inquisition. Maybe dad doesn’t actually want to know, though, because he just nods, claps Dean on the back with a fist, and says “No more wasting time, that witch isn’t gonna kill itself.”
Sometimes things sound like lies yet they are not.
“We’ll be in touch if we have any more questions,” Dean adds.
There’s a lot in her voice, at that last moment— bitterness, anger at dad, anger at herself, regret...heartbreak.
“Oh.” Dad turns a page in the paper. It sounds too loud to Dean’s ears. “It’s just—” an uncomfortable laugh “I thought you said family.”
Dean nods.
Dean calms himself down enough to ask. “Dinner?”
“Another body has just been delivered to the morgue,” Cas informs them.
They’re staking out the street while mom and dad go in, so that they can jump in at the first sign of trouble. It’s a comforting, if boring, job— If Dean has to sit and do nothing, he’d rather do it inside Baby than anywhere else [Well, except the bunker, but that thought seems to come with a lot of strings and contradictions, so it gets swatted away before it even reaches the surface.]
“That smoothie went right through me,” Sam defends weakly.
And Dean shoved a gun in his face.
You ask. He finally answers. The truth in the face of all your defences (c’mon, it’s
It’s familiar, in a way. Dean was never the lore guy, but he knows how this goes, so he leaves dad and Sam to read and goes to clean his gun.
Opening his eyes, the first thing he sees is Cas kneeling in front of him, hands still cradling his jaw and fingers brushing across his cheeks. He sees unrelenting concern in those ancient, blue eyes, and he’s captured in it, rapturing and realising.
He knocks on the door in a very un-winchesterly manner— which is to say, he doesn’t hammer his fist on the door then break it down before getting an answer. Instead he stands there, rethinking this entire plan as he waits for the door to open.
“Can you tell us more about that?” Dean asks.
“Do I?” She questions. “The way I hear it, that wasn’t even really me.”
