And there he was, Matt, coming up to join their group with a bunch of menus in hand.  His cheeks were slightly pink, and he smiled nervously at them.  “Hello.”
Claire let him go with a laugh.  “Sorry!”
They got some sandwiches in a little shop and sat down on the grass to eat.  It was a relatively nice day out, some clouds but no real rain, and there was a cool breeze.  Dean lay back on the grass with his head in his husband’s lap.  Cas smiled down at him, stroking his hair.  “Happy?”
“No!”
With a smile on his face, Dean set down the package of books and offered his hand to Cas.  “Care to dance?”
“Kiss me again?”  But it was clear from the heat in his gaze that he had more than just kisses in mind. Cas could feel a tugging in his gut; his hand cupped the back of Dean’s head, pulling him in for a kiss.
Clearly he was right, for now she was throwing herself at him and squeezing him so hard he could barely breathe.  He laughed breathlessly, hugging her back.  “Happy birthday, babygirl.”
Sam cocked his head.  “Honestly?”  Dean didn’t answer, just arched a brow, waiting.  “I wanted to see this kid you took in.”
With the teen’s help, they got all the groceries inside in one trip.  Jared set his bags down and leaned against the counter, watching as the two men began unpacking.  “Dad says he’s been with you for a couple months.”
Matt nodded.  “Will do.”
“Because he’s just beginning.  He’ll dance one on one with me, and maybe with Cindy.”
Sam looked to Dean with a smile, taking in the sheer happiness on his older brother’s face.  “Looks like you’ve got a good one there, Dean.”
“At least we have our own bathroom.”
“Hey!”
“She was.  And she saved our day.  Because someone is even more ridiculous than I thought he would be.”
“Oh, I think Mary and I have it handled.”  Matt glanced at Mary with a sly smile.  She looked completely taken aback, and both men were shocked at Matt’s daring.  He was often still so easily flustered by her, and yet here he was, teasing her into working with him.
“Matt.”  Dean mirrored the smile.  “Guess we don’t have to tiptoe around him anymore, huh.”
The man wore a pair of glasses with dark frames, and was clad in a red sweater vest, despite the fairly warm weather.  At Matt’s voice he looked up, that glare making his face ugly.  “This boy shouldn’t be on the computer.”
No further encouragement was needed.  Barely had he taken Cas into his mouth again before he found hands clenching in his hair, yanking him closer as hips bucked forward, thrusting so hard that he nearly gagged.  Despite that, heat rolled through him.  He loved how needy he made Cas, how desperate.  He relaxed his throat, taking Cas in even deeper, delighting in each frantic thrust, the desperate mewls of pleasure that were escaping, no matter how hard Cas tried to stifle them.  Dean rutted against Castiel’s thigh, unable to help himself; it was all far too sexy.
Castiel couldn’t help the burst of laughter.  “No, Chaz.  We’re at the studio, remember?”  He could see the memories coming back to the kid.  “Gotta head back to the house, go to bed.”
Matt offered his hand somewhat uncertainly.  “Matt.”
“I’m a 7 and a ½ .”
“He’s really doing well, huh.”
Dean pulled back slowly, teasing his tongue along the vein on the underside of Cas’ shaft as he went.  “C’mon, babe,” he whispered, thumb brushing a drop of precum off the tip of his cock .  “Fuck my mouth.”
It was getting late by now.  The two men were walking back to the hotel hand in hand, watching the stars come out over the river.  Castiel’s eyes were twinkling with happiness.  Dean looked at him with a smile.  “Beautiful, isn’t it.”
It was mid-afternoon the day after Jared’s homecoming, but Dean hadn’t gotten a word written.  School may be out for the summer, but Cas was still busy.  Three days a week in the summer, he taught art classes at the local YMCA.  Usually Dean missed having him around, but today he was glad to have the house to himself.  It had allowed him to begin laying the groundwork for what he hoped would be the trip Castiel had always dreamed of taking.
“Do you have any family?” Dean asked softly, keeping his voice gentle, not wanting to frighten the boy.  “Anyone else who needs looking after?”
When Dean and Castiel had first moved into the house, they had renovated the basement into a place for Dean to dance, putting in smooth floorboards and a massive sound system (plus turntable) along one wall.  However, when Charlemagne came along, they needed a second nursery.  After a brief argument (which Castiel won), his art studio was renovated into the new nursery. At Dean’s insistence, they turned half of the basement’s dance space into a work place for Cas, a table, easel, and chairs joining the space, as well as a couch which Cas often sat on to watch Dean dance while he sketched away.  It was this couch which Matt had begun sleeping on, this makeshift studio that had become his bedroom.  And now, with the addition of a dresser, it had become even more of a living space.
Dean grinned.  “No.”
Dean nodded enthusiastically and moved to stand beside the painting, smiling as Cas took the photo.  “This is
Matt was completely taken aback.  “What?  Why not?”
Oh.  OH.  That explained a lot.  Matt was another casualty of the foster system.  Whatever happened to his birth or foster parents, Dean didn't know, but somehow Matt had ended up on the street, nowhere to go.
Dean let out a bark of laughter.  Cas looked at him with a grin.  “What’s so funny,” he asked.  “She sounds just like you.”
”  Her face was aglow with excitement.  He nodded, and if possible, she hugged him even tighter than her father had.  “Thank you,” she whispered.
Claire came bounding over.  “Where’s my favorite girl?”
The noise shook Cas from his focus on Dean; he turned to her.  “What?”
“To reimburse you for the latest baked goods you gave me.”
“Oh.”
“Damn straight I’m staying!” Charlie grinned.  “I wanna get to know this kid better.  He seems awesome.”
"Cas....you called the captain of the opposing debate team an assbutt up onstage during the finals at the state championship. In front of everyone."
“Gah.”  Mary made another noise of disgust.  “Matt, run while you can.  They’re being gross.”
Dean smiled.  “Guilty.”
This time, the silence didn’t last long at all.  “Matt.”
“Yea,” Dean answered.  “Then Paris, then Italy.  If that works for you.”
“You know it.”  Cas took one look at Dean and laughed again.  “You spilled a little.”  His thumb brushed a spot of cum away from Dean’s lips.  “You want?”  He offered it up and, smiling, Dean took the digit into his mouth, sucking it clean.
, Cas, okay, enough.  Enough.”
Cas just grinned, coming up behind Dean and kissing his shoulder.  “You’re up early.”
Charlemagne, on the other hand, ran to his dad.  “Two!”
“Actually,” Matt spoke up, “I was thinking maybe I could handle that for you tonight?”
Dean liked anything and everything.  Mary was picky, preferring it plain.  Cas and Charlemagne usually went for pepperoni.  And, unsurprisingly, Matt said he’d eat anything.  It wasn’t surprising the boy wouldn’t want to make waves.
Cas found his back being slammed up against the door and his mouth covered by Dean’s in a deep, feverish kiss.  He clung to his husband’s shoulders as the kiss swept through him and left him trembling.
He moved through the hallways and Matt stuck close to him, practically stepping on his heels in an effort not to get separated.  It was actually kind of cute.  Still Dean saw no sight of his husband.  Finally he came to the conclusion that he was going to have to stop someone and ask them.  “Excuse me?  Excuse me.”  But everyone was ignoring him, walking right past him.  “Geez,” he said under his breath.  He sensed Matt looking at him and he gave the kid a smile.  “Not very nice, are they?”
“….um….”
Dean was smiling, eyes glistening with unshed tears.  “I love you, too.”
Grinning, Dean chose a piece which was fairly non-descript but was labelled as part of a temple to Artemis, which seemed extremely fitting, and struck his most dramatic and godly pose.  Cas stifled a laugh as he took the photo.  “Ass,” he repeated.
Castiel let out a growl of complete and utter frustration, forehead falling to rest against Dean’s shoulder.  Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, comforting the man with a kiss to the forehead.  Still, he couldn’t help smiling.
The girls waved, a chorus of “bye”s ringing out as they tromped down the stairs and out into the night.
Dean moved to the boy’s side, gesturing to the bed.  “Mind if I sit?”  Matt shook his head wordlessly and Dean did.  He waited a moment to see if Matt would say anything, but all was silent.  “Matt, what happened?”
Castiel smiled at his husband and nodded.  “Yeah.  I would.  If it meant taking Matt in and giving him a proper home?  I’d definitely be okay with that.”
Charlie assured him.
Dean looked inquisitively at his husband.  “How about you?  You wanna stay?  Maybe play the piano for us?”
“Well,” Cas was smiling, “we still have….” He craned his neck to see the clock on the nightstand.  “…..almost seven hours until we have to pick up Matt.”  He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, down to cup his cheek.  “Plenty of time.”
Dean gently massaged Castiel’s jutting hipbones with his thumbs as he bobbed his head up and down, swirling his tongue around Cas’ cock.  He loved the way that Cas always seemed to lose control during a blowjob, hips moving unconsciously, tiny little thrusts.  And his face…..Dean glanced up.  Yes, Cas’ eyes were squeezed tightly shut, lips parted as he panted.
Castiel’s breath caught.  “You…..you really want it?”  Matt nodded.  The look on his face, in his eyes, showed how important this was to him.  Cas somehow managed a nod, smiling.  “Of
Both men looked to Sylvia, surprised.  “Really?  You’d do that for us?”
Dean turned to the boy.  He still looked slightly overwhelmed from all that had just happened, and Dean supposed it wasn’t too surprising.  Life in the Winchester house was a bit like a hurricane at times.  He gestured to the table.  “You want breakfast?”
“I love you too, baby.”
Dean only laughed and pulled Castiel into his arms, kissing him.  “Dork,” he murmured.
That made Cas laugh.  “I know!  He’s always so shy around her.”  He stroked Dean’s hair.  Dean nearly purred with happiness; his body unconsciously rolled teasingly up against Castiel’s.  The action made Cas shiver, his breath hitching.  “Dean…”
“I….pajamas?”
“Same.”  Cas wasn’t entirely certain how he had managed to change out of his clothes and into pajamas before crawling into bed.  “Worth it, though.”
“Aww, why not?”
Dean shook his head.  “Me neither.”  His fingers teased patterns over Castiel’s chest, loving the hitch in the man’s breathing.  “Just dig out the old baby monitor and put it in Chaz’ bedroom so we can hear if anything goes wrong, then head up to the studio for some fun….”
“Oh, thank God.”  Cas was relieved.  “Where was it?”
“Shut up.”  Dean’s hands went to work on the fly of Cas’ jeans.  “Now hurry up and get naked.”
Oh, God.  Cas immediately realized what she was referring to.  They had long ago told her of their adventures in high school, of how Cas had carried Dean’s books and told him he was Sandra Dee, and that Cas would obviously be Danny Zuko.  He flushed, but couldn’t help smiling.
Cas ran his fingers through her blonde hair, smiling.  “Good girl.”  She made a face at him, but she couldn’t help smiling.
Finally Tessa let go, her attention returning once more to Mary.  “I’ll see you at drama club.”  She looked to Matt again, smiling at him, lashes lowered coyly.  “I hope we see much more of each other.”
Cas held out the flowers.  “Dean Winchester, will you join me today in renewing our vows?”
“I can take care of myself!”
“Okay, fine.  I guess I’ll take that, too.”  He poked Dean.  “But it’s more your fault.  You’re the one who taught him the Hand Jive.”
“What an amazing woman.”  Dean sounded so beyond happy that Cas couldn’t help but smile.
A shrug.  “I’m still not sure.  But I think he’ll be here for a little bit longer, anyway.”
The door was pushed open with a sudden commotion, Charlemagne loudly calling “Two!  Two!”  He was obviously hyper, and there was no question as to why.  Kids were almost always hyper when they came home from a field trip.
Once the last girl had finished her routine, class was done.  “Okay,” Dean spoke up.  “Here are your reviews.”  He handed papers out to each girl, notes he had taken as he watched them dance.  “Read them over.  Commit them to memory.  We’ll talk about them when you get here next week, and then we’ll work on them.”
Mary made a face.  “You’re so mean.”
“How is that?” Cas demanded.
“You didn’t.”  The words were almost nothing more than air.  Then Dean was in Castiel’s lap, hugging him so tight that he was forcing all air from his lungs.  “I can’t believe you.  God, how are you so wonderful.”
Cas laughed.  “True.”  He scooted closer to Dean.  “You think he’s going to stay, then?”
“I have no clue where I’m supposed to find Cas.”
Matt was bright red but he was grinning.  “Awesome.”
Within half an hour, they were off the plane, bags in hand.  It was surprisingly sunny out, for London.  Dean had been lead to believe that it was always rainy in England, but the sun was shining brightly.
Benny shifted the Tupperware in his arms and offered a hand.  “Nice to meet you, Matt.”
It had been almost two months since Matt had begun living there, and in that time, Charlemagne had become extremely attached to him.  Luckily enough, the older boy was equally attached to the child.  Charlemagne had smiled his way beneath all of Matt’s surly defenses and right into his heart, and it was barely possible to tear him away from Matt’s side when the two were home at the same time.  At the moment, they were curled up in front of the television as
Cas shook his head in amusement, but his stomach growled yet again, and painfully this time.  “I think we should break for some lunch.”
Mary came barreling in the front door, Cas right behind her, holding Charlemagne’s hand.  “We’re HOOOOOME,” Mary hollered.  Cas rolled his eyes with a smile.
“Happy?” Cas asked.
“It’s your guys’ fault!” Mary insisted.
“I didn’t even realize…..shit, Cas, I’m sorry.  Stop me next time!”
Dean stared as the words sank in, as that same night replayed in his mind.  Then he gave a yank and pulled Cas into him, a hand slipping into that constantly messy brown hair as he kissed his husband deeply, pulling away with a breathless, “I love you so much.”
Dean cupped Cas’ face in his hands and kissed him deeply.  “Good,” he murmured.  “And we can divide the time however you like, it was only an idea.”
Despite living with them for two months, Matt still hadn’t ever babysat.  Not really.  It wasn’t because the men didn’t trust him with Charlemagne.  There had simply never been a reason.  Either the men were home while Matt worked or Mary was home with Matt on nights the men were out.  Either way, he never ended up alone with the boy.  But today, he wasn’t just babysitting, he was doing so outside the house.  Chaz had a book report for school (sharks) and he needed to do some research.
“Who says we’re having pizza?”
I’m sorry I began to write again and then promptly stopped. My dad flew down to FL to be with my grandmother during Hurricane Dorian and a drunk driver hit his car and he was killed. I still haven’t adjusted to it and I obviously haven’t felt like writing. So I’m sorry and I hope you’ll forgive me and understand if it takes a while for another update.
“On how fast you shut your mouth and get your ass in gear.”
“Yea?”
He was answered not with words but a kiss, Cas pulling away with a smile.  “Lead the way.”
“I didn’t want to.” Cas’ tone was apologetic.  “You’ve been so good about letting me see everything; I want to let you see everything you want to see, too.”  Dean gave him a little shove.
Cas couldn’t help the burst of laughter.  “I don’t know.  Either.  Both?”  Dean stepped in for a kiss and Cas pulled him closer, deepening it.  His hands found the lapels of Dean’s jacket, clinging to him.  He broke away and gave the coat a little tug.  “Off,” he ordered.  “I want this off.”
Dean danced around the living room with Charlemagne.  The boy had finished all his work early, so Dean had given in and agreed to watch
Castiel’s fingers danced over the piano keys, playing the soft music of Erik Satie.  Generally when he came here it was simply to supply background music for the students while they danced.  It gave him a chance to fiddle about on the piano and play whatever he wanted.  When the students were working on actual pieces, he would play the music for them.  At the moment, the girls were only practicing moves, no routines, so he could do as he wished, and right now, he felt like playing Satie.
SHIFT!
SONG BEGINS: MY SWEET LORD by George Harrison
Flash. Thanksgiving. We see JODY serving up food for everyone. CAS and SAM are helping.
Sorry. Sorry, I- Man, I really don’t know how you did all of this. I guess what I’m trying to say is that I’m so glad to have you home, Cas. And what you told me took guts… Guts that I, I don’t know if I can live up to. Not just yet.
Yeah, but that… That was never gonna work out, was it? I mean, with hunting. This life. Even if you give it up, it can follow you. It will follow you.
Claire’s head whips to look at him. She studies his sheepish expression for a moment. Then, softly,
His jaw is quivering now.
Cas tilts his head. Narrows his eyes. Classic Castiel confused look.
NOW OVER THIS -
Sam looks at him again - a huge smile plastered over his face. Camera focuses on it — then on Dean again, who is starting to smile, too, himself.
CASTIEL
We see Dean’s expression falter. He shuts his eyes for a moment. The camera closely follows one hand leaving the wheel. He presses his fingers to his eyes. We see his Adam’s apple bob.
After a few quiet moments:
We see Dean look at him, and back at their friends, before shaking his head and letting out a long breath.
Cuts to CASTIEL’s face. He’s smiling. But he looks nervous.
Sam laughs with him. Cas smiles, but shakes his head.
OPENING
Shot follows the plate as it’s placed onto a light wood table. DEAN takes it and rubs his hands together — laughs at something somebody else at the table says.
Jody sighs.
SONG ENDS
His emotions are beginning to catch up with him. He has not fully processed the fact that Cas is back in front of him.
And now? Defeating Chuck, getting everyone back… Do you realise how much you mean to the world?
SAM and DONNA are still passed out. JODY and EILEEN stare up at the djinn, fear in their eyes. And then — thud! Right to the ground it goes. And BOBBY is there.
You’re looking good.
Wanna stop for food soon? Still a couple of hours before we get to her place.
On the front door.
Dean’s still scowling. But he nods with his scowl. It makes Cas look at him so tenderly that SAM feels like he’s intruding.
Have a seat, Cas.
Like you said, Dean… There’s so many new hunters around now. And… I think they might need some guidance.
But… When it is, and when they come to Heaven, I’ll be able to see
Camera pans over the table. The smiles. The laughter.
EILEEN
And when it is their time, they still won’t be truly gone. Not really. Their legend will live on with all hunters, with all their family. And with
Rowena has a leash on the demons. There are more hunters out there that we know than ever. Any monsters would be stupid to come after us. We could basically  - retire.
CASTIEL
You’re brave, Castiel.
Dean and Cas walk back into the room. Side by side. Dean places the box of beer on the table.
SHOWS DEAN hugging SAM after he exits out of his car.
Because I enjoy it, Dean. I do. And… I think, maybe, I think Eileen does, too.
Dean exhales. He takes three steps forward, and pulls her into a hug.
Sam looks astounded. He stares at Eileen once more and then kisses her again. There’s an abundance of laughter.
Dean sucks in a breath. He finally smiles at him. Now that he’s started, he can’t stop.
He’s got tears in his eyes again. Cas’ expression is torn between confusion, admiration, and fear.
Sam picks up his phone. We don’t see what he sees. His eyes widen. He pushes away from the table. Cas and Dean regard him, follow him slowly.
CASTIEL
Cut to black again.
Flash. We see shots of their reactions each time the other has died. Tears, tears, tears.
Hey, he might even be watching us right now.
I’ve always thought about owning a bar.
JACK/CASTIEL
Castiel shakes his head.
Oh? Well done, man. So, what’s Heaven like now? Fluffy clouds everywhere? Have you actually included pearly gates this time?
CUT TO: SPN LOGO
You were definitely wrong. No guessing needed.
Everyone else in the Bunker is armed. Of course. They’re ready. Cas stands in front of them all, anyway. Angel blade in one hand. Other hand raised and ready to smite.
And what have I always said? Maybe it would be different with somebody already in the life. No awkward explanations. Knowing they could protect themselves.
The beat of the song is the only noise between them.
(around a mouthful of food) Jody, this is one of the best things that I’ve ever tasted.
We see DEAN staring at his computer screen - at an article about a missing young woman.
From behind her, through the open door comes; JODY, DONNA, PATIENCE, ALEX, KAIA, CLAIRE, GARTH, BESS, and APOCALYPSE WORLD! CHARLIE, STEVIE, and BOBBY.
We see DEAN in the Impala - tapping along to the beat with his hands on the wheel. Pans out and we can see CAS by his side, CLAIRE and KAIA in the back. Claire is playing air guitar along with the music.
Rowena?
What if… I didn’t want to quit?
The shot shows DEAN take his hand. CAS is then pulling him to his feet. For an angel, it’s easy. Like Dean weighs ten pounds.
Sam and Dean both turn to him, expectant.
It may have been a few hours.
Camera sees a steaming plate of food being picked up. A juicy steak, homemade fries at its side, sauce drizzled over it all. We see a hand pick it up — CASTIEL’s — no gloves.
CASTIEL
Sam is staring at him in almost comical disbelief.
I’m still an angel, Dean. And now, with Jack as God, like you say, he’s given us a purpose again. I think he knows I’m not going to stay up there, though. I… I belong down here. And I think he knows that. (he studies DEAN’s face - still apprehensive) I will be back, Dean. I just need to do this.
Cut to black.
So, uh - (trying to break the tension!) - When are you off, Cas?
Ordered without me?
We see DEAN sitting on the hood of the impala. He already has a burger with him. It’s cloudy, sun breaking through the clouds. People around him are wearing tank tops. Shorts.
Sam smiles back and continues typing back to Eileen. After a moment he stops. He looks up at Dean and furrows his brows. Frowns at him.
DEAN is driving. SAM is on his phone.
Castiel is cupping Dean’s cheek. His hand fits like it’s made for it. Then he starts to walk towards the stairs, one hand still attached to Dean’s, making him follow.
Castiel releases a shuddering breath. He’s smiling again. He’s still unsure where they stand. Perhaps Dean is, too. But his hand is on his arm, and that’s all that he cares about right now.
CASTIEL
DEAN snorting and spitting out some beer. SAM laughing along, obviously confused. CAS just happy — happier than he has been. He has done the saying. He feels this close to the having.
Sam looks up at his tone. Dean’s still frozen, eyes wide, mouth slightly parted.
I won’t be alone. (He looks back at EILEEN, then at DEAN again) And I’ve done hunts without you and I’ve been fine.
(head against his chest) Thanks again, Castiel.
We see DEAN giving SAM a talking to - pointing his finger in his face. But his eyes are bright.
(signing) Thank you, Eileen.
Dean sucks in a harsh breath.
That should be fun.
“You’re using that expression COMPLETELY wrong.” Sam groused.
I honestly hadn't intended this trip to happen....it just sort of evolved when I decided that Jared had been out of the country rather than off at school somewhere.  So look forward to some time alone for the boys while they're off in Europe!  As much as I enjoy writing them as a family, it'll be nice to get back to the story's roots and have them on their own.
“Matt—“  But Castiel got no further, for Matt was shaking his head and barreling forward.
Dean was confused by the smile that was slowly setting Castiel’s face aglow.  “What,” he asked, unable to help smiling himself.  “What is it?”
Finishing the sentence, Dean nodded.  “Yea.  It’s about halfway done.  The
Cas leaned in and brushed his lips against Dean’s cheek in a soft kiss.  “Happy?” he murmured.
“Leave him alone, Claire.  I mean it.”  With that, Ellen tugged Dean into the back room.  “Okay,” she hissed beneath her breath, not wanting the other two to hear her, “what’s going on, here?”
Dean nearly shook his head in exasperation, but he understood the boy’s anxiety all too well, and he would never do such a thing.  “It was great, Matt.”  A happy smile broke over Matt’s face and Dean couldn’t help but mirror the look.
Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s cheek.  “Love you, dorkface.”
Dean let out a startled burst of laughter.  “I hadn’t thought of it that way, but I guess so.”  He pulled far enough away that he could get a real good look at his husband.  “Would you be okay with that?”
“Well,” he spoke up.  “How bout we all go to the Roadhouse for dinner tonight?  To welcome Jared home?  You’re not working tonight, are you, Matt?”
Matt nodded and relief came over Castiel’s face.  Dean smiled.  “Matt wants to be part of the family.”
Chrissy looked surprised that he remembered her.  After all, they had only “met” that one night that Matt came to watch dance practice, and even then they hadn’t actually been introduced.  She nodded, confirming,  “It’s Chrissy.”
Dean headed down the stairs.  Matt was sitting on the edge of the couchbed.  He still looked slightly ill at ease, even though he had been there over a month now.  “Hey.”
Dean stared down at his son, maintaining that serious facade.  Charlemagne’s lower lip was jutted in a pout, eyes pleading.  Dean couldn’t keep teasing him.  Not with a face like that.  He leaned down and kissed the boy’s forehead.  “Yea, Chaz.  We’re getting pizza.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas kissed the top of her head.  “You’re more than welcome.”
Cas’ face registered recognition.  “Ohh!”
The car was a thing of beauty.  It was a 63 impala and definitely not as nice as Baby, but still lovely.  It was a convertible with a white top, and a brilliant metallic blue color.  A bit too flashy for Dean’s taste, but he had known that Mary would love it.
Matt’s eyes widened, going huge and round, almost all whites.  He stammered, searching for an answer that wouldn’t come.  Matt seemed unsure, it was true, but he didn’t seem upset, and Dean was so happy to see it.
Cas was surprised, but a smile spread over his face.  “I’d like that.”  He set the drawing pad on the table beside him and did his best to wipe his hands clean.  Charlie and Matt seemed to be getting along splendidly.  The boy was no longer in Matt’s lap, the both of them on their feet next to Charlie as they spoke.  Still, it was getting pretty loud in the room.  Dean turned the television off.  That helped a lot.
“Okay!  Let’s try it with the music!”  Matt immediately looked at Dean with something akin to panic with his eyes.  “You’ve got it down,” Dean reassured him.  “You may screw up a bit at first but just keep going.  It gets easier.”
“You love me.”
Now here he was at
“Can we look at the mural in the pub first?”
Dean leaned up, hand tangling in Castiel’s hair as he stole another kiss.  That kiss turned into another, and still another, until the two men were lying tangled together on the bed, wrapped in one another’s arms.
“Well, then,” Dean rose to his feet.  “I guess we’ll retire for now and relax until dinner.”  He offered a hand to his husband.  “Babe?”
“Oh, you mean Matt?”
Dean laughed. "Hey, you and your youthful sex appeal are on your own."
“Hey, Sammy.  What’s the deal with sending your demon spawn over to our place?”
Cas chuckled at that face.  “Maybe.”  He leaned down so he and his son were eye to eye.  “So you’ve gotta be extra nice, okay?”
Matt was flushing happily.  “Thanks,” he mumbled.  He couldn’t look at them any longer, eyes focusing on the floor as he rubbed at the back of his neck in a way that reminded Cas so much so Dean that it was scary.  Cas wondered if with all the time they spent together, some of Dean’s actions were rubbing off on the boy.  The thought made him smile.
“Um, I don’t know.” Dean glanced at Claire.  “Is it safe to leave Matt alone with the beast over there?”
Matt laughed through his tears; he couldn’t help it. He gave another nod and with a smile, Dean pulled him into a hug.  It was brief, Dean not wanting to push Matt too far, but it was still more than he would have hoped for.  When he released Matt, he was relieved to see that those tears were drying up.  "C’mon.”  He smiled. “Let's go upstairs. Cas must be worrying his head off."
“No!”
Cas ran one thumb along Dean’s brow, the crow’s feet starting to develop, lines marking the years of time they had been together.  He had loved every single one, and he looked forward to the many more they had to go.  “I love you, too.”
,” Cas corrected.
she sang.
Cas couldn't help but smile at the memory. His initial reaction had been confusion, then a brief wave of anger. But the sight of Dean laughing, and the sound....it was infectious, and all too quickly Cas had found himself laughing as well.
“Wonderful.”  He looked to Matt, who was standing awkwardly in the doorway.  “And I suppose this is Matt.” Matt nodded somewhat timidly at the sternness in Jared’s tone and gaze.  Dean elbowed his nephew.  “Ow!”
Dean couldn’t help but laugh.  “We’re pretty fond of him ourselves.”  He risked a glance at Matt.  The teenager was fuchsia at the compliments, averting his gaze.
The boy stirred with a tiny noise of discontent.  “One?”
Benny looked at Dean, the determination in his eyes, and finally growled out his frustration.  “Fine.  Fine.”
’ on it.  He held it up as proof.
was written.
“Hey, I call it like I see it.”  This time Dean managed to duck the punch, sliding out of the way with a grin.
It was all Cas could do not to laugh, remembering how Dean had said similar things after soccer practice back in high school.  Dean just shook his head.
“I won’t.”  And he snapped his hips forward, setting up the rhythm he knew Dean liked: hard and fast.
Cas smiled as he shut their hotel room door behind them.  “It was.”
Mary heaved a sigh but clearly she knew there was no point in arguing.  “Okay.”
That elicited a low whistle.  “Quite accomplished.”
The exasperation in Dean’s voice made Cas laugh.  “Okay, okay!”
Dean grinned.  “Good.  Oh!  Would you wanna come with me this afternoon to pick up Chaz and Cas?  He’s substitute teaching today…..standing in for the art teacher at Mary’s school.”
Cas took Dean’s hands, pulling the man to him and giving him a kiss.  “Come to bed,” he said softly.
The man merely laughed.  “It’s alright.”  He looked between the two men.  “Shall we begin?”
“Jared!”  He pulled the boy into a tight hug, loving the laugh it elicited.  “How’ve you been??”
Such a beautiful word.
“I’m glad she’s not bothering you.”
Castiel’s eyes widened.  “You’re kidding!”
Dean moved forward, right into Castiel’s arms, and gave his husband a soft kiss.  Cas smiled at him when they separated.  “You gonna make dinner, now?”
“Hey, I’m LOADS of fun.”
“Have a good day,” he murmured.
“Yeah…”
Immediately, a defensive expression came back over Matt’s face; he smacked Dean’s hand away.  Dean wasn’t at all surprised.  He knew how hard it was to admit that you needed help.
“Mm, I don’t know…” he repeated the action.
Mary waved the disk.  “Chaz wants to watch
Dean shook his head.  “No need.  We should’ve done this a long time ago.  You deserve this.
“I…”  Matt looked at the floor, muttering “thanks.”
Matt shrugged.  “A little bit?  I’m not great.”
"She gets this from you, you know."
Cas looked questioningly up at his husband.  “What’s the occasion?”
Slowly, Dean went through each hand motion with Matt.  Charlemagne did the same, standing on Matt’s other side and going through all of the motions with them (which was BEYOND cute).  It didn’t take long before Matt had the hang of it.  He was still slightly unsteady, nervous, but he had it.
Dean smiled.  “Good.”
Matt looked torn.  “You wouldn’t mind?”
Mary nodded again.  “Of course.”
Fully dressed and with his dance bag in hand, he headed down the hallway.  “Matt?”  The house was dead quiet.  Still, it was one of Matt’s days off from work, so the boy had to be somewhere.
Cas smiled, stroking his cheek.  “I love you too.”
“Gonna see if I can find something to bring her.  Maybe a bust of Shakespeare or something.  She’d like that.”
Matt simply looked at Dean for a long moment, a range of emotions passing over his face.  Then tears filled his eyes. "I...." he nodded.  “I want."
A laugh.  “Me neither.”
, one of the most famous bookshops in the country.  “Because both of us know you’ll buy an utterly obscene amount of books and then we’ll be forced to carry them around for the rest of the day.”
she dances with him.  Understand?”
And sitting there together, bickering, eating pizza, and singing along to the music, it felt natural.  Matt felt just like a fifth member of the family.  And Cas felt for certain that this could all work out.
He stared at Cas, dumfounded.  Cas had done this for him.  Cas had researched Elizabethan wedding customs and planned this out as a surprise for him, knowing how much Dean loved Shakespeare, knowing that Dean would love something like this.  Cas had done all this for Dean.
Dean smiled.  “Okay.  I will.”
Cas caught sight of his husband’s face and saw that he was beaming.  He smiled.  “Happy?”
Dean just laughed, speaking to Sam once more.  “We were thinking maybe we could all meet up at the Roadhouse tonight for a sort of welcome home dinner?  Unless you guys would rather have him to yourself.”
Smiling, Cas joined him, slipping an arm about his waist.  “It really is,” he agreed.
Dean didn’t know if Mary could look any more shocked than she did at that moment.  “…okay,” she said at last.  But despite her obvious surprise, she smiled, and it was clear that she wasn’t upset…..just taken aback.  “I’ll see you later, yeah?”  Matt managed a nod, and even a smile.  “Goodnight.”  And with a wave to the others, Mary took her little brother’s hand and they left.
He was not prepared for the mess of students that greeted them when they entered the building.  It had been YEARS since he was in school, and clearly he had forgotten just how crazy the halls got.  He looked to Matt.  “Stay close to me.”
Dean stroked his son’s messy brown hair.  “You okay, Chaz?”  The boy shook his head.
Matt offered a hand and a tentative smile.  Cas, for his part, took the surprise in stride and smiled broadly in return, shaking Matt’s hand.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Matt.”
Dean bit his lower lip in that oh-so endearing way of his.  “I have a surprise for you.”
Cas chuckled.  “She’s gotta make herself all pretty for Matt.”  His words were loud enough to carry down the hallway.  Mary entered the room with a scowl.
Sure enough, she placed down her final card and Cas swore.  “Dammit!”
A nod.  “More than okay.  Don’t stop.”
“Yea.”  Dean’s cheeks hurt from grinning.  “So I plan for a week in London, then split the second week between Paris and Italy.  Though I’m going to let him decide if that’s what he wants to do or if he’d rather split it up another way.”
“Oh, forgive me for not understanding your antiquated words.”  Dean grinned.
Dean glanced at Cas.  “Um….yes?”  Cas turned his eyes heavenward as if asking Jesus for help.
Sam’s face was soft, understanding, and he nodded.  “I know.”
“You….” Dean shook his head.  “You’re
He felt his softening cock slip from Cas’ mouth and he flopped bonelessly onto his back, chest heaving.  “Wow.”
Almost within a minute after getting behind the wheel, Dean pulled out onto the wrong side of the road and had to slam on the brakes to avoid a collision.  “
With that, the two adults headed down the hall to their bedroom and shut the door behind them.
“Hey.”  Cas poked him.  “Don’t fall asleep on me.”
That was all it took: Matt’s Jigglypuff defeated Dean’s Zelda.  “Aww, dammit, Cas!  Look what you did!”
“That works.  I’ll make sure Claire knows that Ash is welcome.”  Of all the strange developments in their life, the strangest may be Ash dating Claire.  He had also cut off his mullet and buzzed his hair short, which may be even stranger than the relationship.  But it suited him, and the two of them suited each other.  Still, it was strange how much things changed.
“Not you, too!” Mary was completely fed-up.
This time even Matt laughed, despite the pink flush in those cheeks.  Dean cocked a brow at him.  “You wanna shower first?”
?"  Dean gave Claire a shove.  “Stop giving our daughter ideas.”
“Okay,” the child agreed.
“Oh my God that is SO UNFAIR.”
“You.  The last thing we need is a guard overhearing you and thinking you’re contemplating the same thing.”
For a moment, they were both too startled to respond.  Mary had never been reserved in her affections, but she had seemed fairly unfazed about them going to Europe.  Now it seemed this wasn’t the case.
“You’re welcome.”  Before sitting, Dean poured Matt a glass of orange juice and put that by his plate as well, then sat down across from the boy.  He turned his attention back to his laptop, pretending to give it his full attention while still managing to keep an eye on Matt.  Matt, in turn, was watching him.
Cas rapped his knuckles on the doorframe, and the two teenagers looked up.  Mary had at least fifteen records spread across the floor around them.  Cas smiled.  “Bedtime.”  Mary groaned.  “Oh, I know, I know,” he put on an exaggeratedly anguished voice.  “We’re so mean to you.”
Dean’s heart was flying; he couldn’t wait to tell Cas.  He looked to his brother with a proud smile on his face and nodded.  “Yea,” he said.  “We do.”
By now Cas had parked the car and gotten out, coming to stand beside them with a smile on his face.  “Hey, Jared.  How was the study abroad?”
Benny laughed again.  Shaking his head, he reached into his pocket and pulled out an envelope.  “I’ve got some money for you.”
to try it, I just know.”
Dean cut Matt off.  “It doesn’t matter.  I’m sure I could find someone else who can use them.”  He rose to his feet with a smile.  “Okay?”
He felt a tug on his hand and looked down to see Charlemagne looking up at him with those big brown eyes, and he smiled.  “Come on, Chaz.  Let’s get you to a computer.”
Cas sighed, though he was smiling.  “Tiring.  But good.”
The Golden Hinde turned out to be a completely different experience than either of the men had imagined.  There was no tour; no, one simply payed a small fee at the nearby shop and then wandered the ship freely, unsupervised.  Dean felt like a child again, running to and fro, stopping at the helm to steer the ship.  Laughing, Castiel took pictures of every second.
Dean nodded.  “Of course we can.  And I figured the Eiffel Tower.  And maybe have a picnic by the Seine?”  He glanced up at his husband for approval.  Cas looked as if he was going to swoon; he leaned down and captured Dean’s lips in a kiss, cupping the back of his head to pull him closer.
An eye roll.  “You sound like the Things.”
“I know,” Dean said softly.  “I love you, too.  So much.”
The plane left at four in the afternoon.  Luckily it was a short flight because Dean seriously hated flying, and Cas felt so terrible for him.  After only a little more than an hour, they landed.  Dean was still shaking, but he didn’t look nearly as bad as he had after the long flight to England.  Cas gently stroked his cheek.  “Come on, baby,” he said softly.  “Let’s go.”
“Dean,” he managed.  “What’re you—“
Castiel was smiling so wide that his cheeks ached.  “Oh, good.  Well, I don’t know exactly where to begin looking.  I mean we know his name, so that’s a good starting point.  I don’t know if any social services would give me information on a former client but I can try.  In the meantime, if you could gently try to get the name out of Matt, do that.  Don’t push him….wait until I talk to social services.  If they won’t help me, we’ll ask him.  But I’d rather not get his hopes up only to find out we can’t make it happen.”
They were so occupied that none of them heard Mary until she entered the room.  “Hey!”	  Matt nearly jumped out of his skin.  Her smile was lighting up her whole face; she turned to her father, pointing at Matt.  “You taught him!”
Mary looked pleadingly at Cas, but he just shook his head.  “He’s right.”  She scowled but he paid it no more heed than Dean had.  “Now….do you want to clean them before dinner or do you want to put it off for another week and end up with another punishment?”
who’s eager?”
It had been their second time shopping and the first time since Matt had gotten his job, and the change in the boy’s demeanor was incredible.  He wasn’t tense, scanning through the items for the cheapest he could find.  This time he was actually looking for things he liked.  Thus Dean wasn’t surprised when they found their way to
Dean burst into laughter. "I love you too, poophead. I love you, too."
“Hey, it’s nothing you didn’t just say yourself!”
Dean grabbed the remote and started the song from the beginning.  This time, it wasn’t just him and Charlemagne, Mary and Cas.  No, this time there was a fifth member of the group.  This time Matt was there.  Matt was there, dancing alongside them with a look of sheer joy and utter content on his face, as if he was right where he belonged.
Dean waved him over.  “We’re hand jiving.”
it turns out they had made a mistake. The Pre-Raphaelite paintings that Cas so desperately wanted to see we’re at the Tate, not the National Gallery. Still, they would be going there before they left London, so they would see the paintings eventually, and the art at the National Gallery was still gorgeous. As in the day before, watching Cas was almost as entertaining as looking at the paintings themselves.  Unfortunately, the National Gallery didn’t allow photographs inside. Castiel had been positively crestfallen.  But at the Tate they would be free to photograph the art, and that’s where Cas’ favorite works were.
“It’s about time—“ he complained, but stopped dead when he saw the boy standing with his husband.
“What’s the meaning of this?”
Matt stared.  “…..that’s a joke, right?”
“I’m up!  I’m up!”
Dean rolled his eyes.  “I’m not a kid, majka.”
“Dean.” Castiel’s tone spoke volumes, as though Dean was being completely unreasonable; he gestured to the wall behind him.  “This wall right here contains a not just a John Everett Millais, but a John William Waterhouse, and an Edward Burne-Jones.”
Cas wriggled out of Dean's arms, turning away.  "You weren't laughing
Immediately, Cas found himself flat on his back, pressed into the mattress as Dean kissed him for all he was worth.
“Oh yeah.  It’s obvious.”
“God help me, I do.”  With a final kiss, Dean grabbed his keys and left to get dinner.
After taking the fastest shower possible and shoving himself into the clothes Dean had chosen for him (he would say he hoped it all matched but honestly it was more likely Dean had selected coordinated clothing than if he had picked it himself), the two of them said goodbye to their hotel for the night and headed out.
Both brows shot up at Dean’s words.  “You’re kidding me.”
“Well I want to take him to a few different places….London, Paris, Italy….but most important is London.”
Dean couldn’t be bothered by those two extra words.  They would cross that bridge if and when they came to it.  Matt was staying.  That was all that mattered.  “Thank you.”  He couldn’t stop smiling.
.”  She grabbed one of Matt’s hands.  “Come on.”  She tugged him up out of his chair, a smile on her face.  “We have to fix that.”
Cas leaned in to whisper in his ear.  “You used to say the same thing to me in high school, if you recollect.”
Matt’s returning smile was relaxed.  He was becoming much more at ease meeting Dean’s and Cas’ friends.  “Hello.”
“Awww, how come?”
Castiel was blushing now.  “Hush.”
“Hey, Chaz!”
Cas squeezed her back.  “We’ll miss you, too.”
“We found him a job with Ellen, too,” he murmured.  “So he can help pay his way.”
(that one was super cool).  The museum was huge, so they were there for hours, but as always, Dean didn’t care.  Were it up to him, he would have left sooner, but seeing Cas so happy was more than enough to keep him happy.
Dean stopped in place to smile at his husband, slipping his arms around Castiel’s waist.  “Yup.  And you love me.”
Mary nodded.  “Great.”
“Yes!” Charlemagne bounced happily.  Dean shook his head, amused.
Dean ran his fingers through that messy brown hair.  “Happy?”
“I want you to let me help you,” Dean answered gently.  “Let
There came the sudden thudding of footsteps up the stairs and then Mary and Charlemagne burst into the room, nearly making the record skip with the pounding of their footfalls.  Mary’s blue eyes lit up when she saw who was there.  “Cindy!”
’ was widely considered to be Shakespeare’s worst play.  Some scholars questioned whether it was even his, which Castiel personally didn’t understand.  There was some debate that the writing style was different, but he had never seen that.  Neither did Dean, who adored the piece, and was eternally frustrated that almost no theatre ever put the show on.  “Well, I’m glad we got to see it.”
Cas snuggled close to Dean, thoroughly happy after the day’s events.  Dean chuckled.  “Hey.”
Matt looked surprised, but intrigued.  “Mary dances?”
Mary stirred ever so slightly, then paused.  It was easy to tell that she had smelled the breakfast.  Seconds later she was pushing the covers back and sitting up, shoving blonde hair out of her face.  A smile lit up her face, those blue eyes aglow, so like Claire’s.  “Breakfast!”
Dean slid the jar across the table.  “Good choice.”  He sighed.  “I wish we had some bacon left over so I could make a peanut butter and bacon sandwich.”
Smiling, Cas took his hand.  “I just thought we’d pop in here for a minute.”
“C’mon, Matt, we gotta get going.  I still have a few things to get ready before tonight.”
“Definitely,” Cas agreed.  He yawned.  Dean smiled.  Cas looked like a sleepy kitten.
Dean nodded.  “Yup.  Isn’t he doing great?”
She didn’t even need a second to think about it.  Mary nodded immediately.  Cas smiled.  They had an amazing daughter.
Dean polishes off the pudding in six huge bites and goes upstairs to drag Cas down, but Cas sneaks up on him, fully dressed already, and corners him on the landing, crowds him up against the wall.
“Holy hell, it worked,” Bobby drawls, “All parts present and accounted for?”
“Yeah, yes,” Cas grinds out, “I need -
Dean grabs Cas’s ass, hauls him in closer, kisses his whiskery cheek, the point of his jaw, traces his perfect cupid’s bow with his tongue. He keeps him close, letting Cas feel his dick getting hard, making sure Cas knows he wants it. Cas moans, sounding wrecked; he’s leaning heavily on him, trusting Dean to take his weight, cupping Dean’s cheeks in his big hands, thumbs stroking his temples.
. “- I was spiralling,” is what he settles on. “C’mere, man.” He shuffles over and pats the bed next to him.
He forces his eyes open and slurs, “Huh?"
“Not -” Dean swallows, shivery hot all over, goosebumps prickling his forearms and blood rushing to his traitorous dick. He tears his eyes away from Cas's perfect pink nipples hardening in the chilly air. “Not right now.”
“He won't hear.”
“Is this alright?” Cas works his hand into Dean’s underwear and gasps when he gets his fist around Dean’s cock, jerking him quick and rough and absolutely without rhythm and it’s the best thing Dean’s ever felt in his life, “You feel so -”
Cas hangs his head, not looking at Dean. “Oh, well -” he stumbles over his words, “- there's no need. You were always honest with me.”
“I’m awake,” Cas replies to Sam, yanking Dean over onto his back with shockingly strong hands and tucking his warm face into the crook of Dean’s neck - he’s sleepy and pale and beautiful in the watery morning sunlight. Apparently unable to stop himself now he’s started, Dean wraps his arms and legs around Cas and squeezes, rearranges them so they’re slotted together like straids of a braid.
“No, no, you fuck me, okay?” Dean sits back on his heels between Cas’s thighs and hands it to him.
“Well, it’s easy enough to fix, but we gotta do it before whatever deformed magic you two dumbasses conjured starts to degrade this form,” he jerks his thumb towards Cas, “You’ll need to drive to Des Moines tomorrow and pick up some stuff from my supplier.”
He’s totally done in, barely any fine motor skills left, but he pulls Cas closer and gropes him, pushes the heel of his hand into Cas’ hard-on through his underwear, too far gone for anything else. It takes nothing at all, just five or six hard squeezing rubs, and Cas is doubled over while he comes, shuddering, forehead on Dean’s cheek, puffing hitching little gasps of air against his skin. His whole body is hot and shivering and alive under Dean’s hands and the heat of him obliterates any lingering doubts; Dean has never seen anything or anyone that sexy in his whole life, and he’s never fucking going back.
“Do you want to -?” Cas looks with open interest at the lube in Dean’s hand.
Dean reaches for him as he steps away from the smouldering fire, and they end up leaning against the tree stump, foreheads pressed together. Cas winds his long fingers around the back of Dean’s neck and holds him tightly. “I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner, I was - well, it hardly matters now.”
He can just let Cas scrape his fingernails down Dean’s shoulders in stinging lines, let him lick into Dean’s mouth like he’s starved for it and didn’t know what he wanted, and Dean’s somehow giving it to him.
“The straight human -”
picturing it. “It doesn’t help, believe me.”
“Bobby said the magic would damage - whoa, hold up, Cas, I’m not homophobic -” Dean sparks up, furious kind of at Sam, and mostly at himself, because fuck, maybe he is? Can someone even
Sam is
Because Bobby and Sam are in cahoots, and they hate Dean and want him to suffer, Cas is standing patiently in the kitchen next to Bobby’s wheelchair, although he’s basically half-naked. He’s wearing a grey t-shirt that could have been Dean's or Sam's at one point or another, and the Victoria’s Secret panties Dean bought him. Purple Cheeky ones. With a bow on the front.
“Do we need to stop by Planned Parenthood on our way out of town?”
“What? Go away, it’s not even eight.” Dean grumbles, and wriggles further under his blanket where it's warm and nobody is bothering him; he’d slept on the lumpy couch which, if he’s being realistic, he’s too far on the wrong side of twenty-five to be doing.
“I’m so sorry,” he says aloud, panting now, gripping his leaking cock in one hand and pushing his t-shirt up to his armpits with the other, rubbing his palm over his nipple and letting a breathy moan out so Cas can hear. “I want you, Cas, please come back.”
Feeling like shit, worse than shit, Dean reels Cas in and brushes the damp hair off his forehead. “I just can't give you any guarantees, okay?”
“Cutting magical corners always comes back to bite you in the ass,” Bobby crosses his arms and leans back in his chair, then tilts his head at Cas, “Or the, uh, hip, in this case.”
“Can you just - not say anything, I can’t deal with -” Dean screws his eyes shut, “I mean, any of this, to be honest, but if you make fun of me I might actually lose what little marbles I have left.”
He lets himself run wild imagining Cas with a handful of his hair kissing him wet and nasty, Cas thumbing Dean’s mouth open and sliding his hard cock over Dean’s tongue, tying him up somehow - he can’t think of how, but it hardly matters - with his arms above his head and making him beg. He gasps just thinking about it, and he squeezes his cock urgently. He’s right on the edge already and fighting it, whimpering as he digs his heels into the bed and fucks his fist.
Dean rounds on him, pointing. “You goddamn hypocrite!”
There’s also the reality that if Cas wanted to bone a human, Dean could point him to at least ten in that town alone who would be a better choice than him. Well, maybe not that
for him. Cas, who’s hot and weird and powerful and kind of funny and believes in spite of everything that Dean is special and interesting. Cas, who’s dragging ragged breaths into his lungs and staring wide-eyed down at where their bodies are joined, frozen in complete shock.
“Definitely the latter.”
Cas is warm and solid against his side, with his ankle folded over Dean's, his blue eyes searching, “Then what would? I really wouldn’t mind staying this way, if you would be amenable to -“
“It’s on me,” Sam peels a couple bills off a wad of his hard-earned hustling cash before he bends over to stuff the rest into his sock, “Bobby’s buddy Julio is teaching Cas how to play poker, so we could be in for a long night. You wanna get nachos, too? ”
They sure as shit are
“Just to - talk,” Cas adds, and that’s bullshit obviously, because he’s not moving his big, warm body away from Dean, he’s grabbing the fleshy crook of Dean’s neck between his front teeth and nipping it just hard enough.
“Out.” Dean tells him, chirpy; he's got his jacket and yesterday's clothes on, it's plausible.
Cas is gone for three interminable days. The stupid fucker doesn’t know how to text, because Dean never taught him, so it’s seventy-two hours of abject agony being alone with Sam, who’s taking smug to new heights even while they deal with a vengeful - and frankly kinda racist - ghost that’s holding onto some plantation land in Tennessee.
Bobby wheels himself closer and adds: “Not that we think it will, mind you, but it’s insurance. Dean’s on backup - he’ll grab you if he needs to.”
“You'll - fuck me - after?” Cas says, jerkily, unsure, but Dean nods, swallows, allowing himself to think about it now he knows Cas wants it too.
“Okay, this isn't fun for me any more, so I’m gonna -” Sam retreats, stuttering. From behind the slammed shut door he yells: “Fifteen minutes and I’m leaving without you!”
Like most interesting things that go down in their lives, they’re someplace really fucking boring when it happens.
“We’re going to trap you with holy fire in case anything tries to throw you around,” Sam explains kindly, leading Cas to the centre of the circle with a big, gentle hand on his back.
“Oh, wow, good for you,” Dean breathes, awed, rubbing himself on the warm, solid length of Cas’s apparently effortlessly renewed erection.
Dean throws his arms up. “Okay, fine, well,
The bartender slides their drinks into their hands and takes Sam’s money. By the time he’s back with the change, Dean’s chugged his.
“Nope.” He rummages around in the cupboard until he finds half a package of vanilla wafers, and dumps the whole thing into the pudding with the banana. Sam twitches in disgust, wrinkling his nose down at his own bowl of granola and blueberries.
They spend long enough necking against the door, hot and sloppy and uncoordinated, that Dean has to start shifting at weird angles to keep his boner away from Cas, because that’s probably a little much for ten minutes after Cas’s first ever human kiss. Dean pins Cas’s hips to the door, and Cas makes a rough, pissed off sound. “Dean,” he moans, “Please - I -”
Apparently, Cas had inhaled a little too much, and woke up the next day with no Y chromosome.
him how to - that had nothing to do with -” Dean cuts himself off, jaw falling open with a click. “Excuse me, self-control? You boinked a demon.”
“I don’t mean only now, in this female form, I mean since we met.”
“I hear it’s the
It’s a good thing Sam’s forehead has more open space than the entire state of Iowa given how high his eyebrows shoot up when the cogs all click into place. “Oh my god,
“I bet it made a nice change from all the boring everyday prayers you - okay, no, you’re right -” Dean holds his hands up as Cas gets right up in his face furiously.
Cas frowns at him. “Do you have these episodes often?”
Bobby lifts up one side of Cas’s t-shirt and points to a tiny, blurry symbol that’s branded into the skin of his belly, just above the sweet curve of his right hip.
“So, if you take a close look you can see it’s made up of a couple of different sigils -”
He needs to get laid, like yesterday.
“That’s - not better. You got Freaky Friday-ed with yourself.” At a loss, he tries for a joke: “Besides, you might have a dick under there, how would I know?” And of course that sounds offensive and insensitive and would you look at that, he can hate himself more than he did when he thought it was rock bottom in that department.
“Yes," Cas croaks, and his voice is back to normal - deep and gravelly and annoying as hell. Dean slides a hand under his chest and eases him up, helps him pull the discarded blanket around himself again. He leans on Dean heavily and gasps for breath.
“I do, I swear, and I’m sorry it’s taken me so long to -”
“No-o,” Sam shakes his head, “I'm not. I can say that he’s objectively hot because in case you hadn't noticed, I don't pop a boner when Cas shaves his legs with the bathroom door open.”
Sam gets up from the kitchen table, and levels Dean with a pointed gaze that’s pure evil when he says: “I’ll come too. Give us a little time to talk, huh, Dean?”
This part is the same, girl or guy, Dean realises, and just as fun either way.
Cas tightens his grip on Dean’s arm and hip. “I don’t - I don’t want to stop touching you,” he pants, “Everything - feels so good.”
“You open your mouth one more time, you’re dead,” Dean twists out of his grip and stomps around looking for his jacket, “I will send your ass some place even God himself can't bring you back from.”
"Ew, crack a window already," is all Sam says when he barges into their room the next morning, having apparently kept the second key; Dean and Cas are still tangled up in the sheets, too fucked out and lazy to get up even though it’s nearing noon. Dean’s sprawled on his belly with Cas draped over his back, laughing at the dumbass videos Dean is showing him on his laptop.
“What’s the emergency?” Cas demands, “I'm busy.” He doesn’t elaborate.
In a lot of ways he’s been a dick on, brain off kinda guy from day one; anything he’s done in the moment has always been fun and stupid and surface level enough that it’s easy to shrug off later. Getting fucked by Cas isn’t that.
thinking about Cas dredges up in him, the son of a bitch ambushes him right as Sam’s ducked out to call Bobby and Dean’s getting ready to shower. He doesn’t shriek, it’s
“The women’s underwear is not comfortable.” Cas says, with a lot of dignity for someone who had to be taught not to say 'my new vagina' to the Mick Jagger-wannabe sales guy in Urban Outfitters.
Dean is facedown on Bobby’s upstairs guest room bed finally considering going to sleep, with the help of his fifth beer, when Cas barges into the room without knocking, wearing - oh, God - one of Dean’s old Royals sweatshirts and a pair of boxers Sam gave him to use as pyjama shorts. Dean groans into the pillow, suddenly reminiscing very fondly about hell.
Upset isn’t really the word Dean would use; he woke up before dawn to discover he was using Cas as a pillow, and had rucked his tshirt up to rest his cheek on the velvety skin of his belly. He’d shifted, and Cas jerked awake and blinked down at him, heavy-lidded. Cas caught him when he tried to move away and wound them together tightly, stroking long, firm lines up and down Dean’s back. And just like that, Dean was unconscious again like somebody knocked him over the head, totally blissed out.
Dean takes a long, slow look at him; at the long, golden lines of his arms, the hard straps of muscle around his hips, and yeah, his dick, which is half hard and flushed and as goddamn pretty as his face, and his mouth goes dry. “I haven’t thought about it once,” he says, truthfully. “You going somewhere with that?” he nods to Cas’s semi, kind of in awe that he’s managed to get it up again even a little. He's starting to suspect Cas is giving them both a little magical help.
Sam heaves himself up out of bed, unfolding all eleven feet of his mutant body and smirking. “I’ll do it. Go get me hash browns and I’ll shut up about you being into Cas’s boobs.”
Cas doesn’t resist when Dean pushes him up against the wonky kitchenette table, thumbs open the buttons of his shirt from bottom to top, needing more than anything to touch his skin; in fact, he goes completely pliant, sighs when Dean fits his hands over Cas’s waist, smooths his palms right down to the points of his hips. “What are you doing?” he whispers.
Dean bites his lip, laughing silently when Cas raises his eyebrows pointedly. Little shit.
He’s on his belly, one arm and leg slung over Cas, so well-fucked and satisfied that his limbs feel like they’re full of lead weights. He wouldn’t be compelled to move even if Lucifer himself materialised two inches above his naked, sore ass and tried to gut him.
“Dean,” Cas insists, and it’s like he’s coming untethered in Dean’s arms, wild-eyed, his mouth swollen, chasing every bit of contact he can get and eating it up. Needing to put a lot more muscle into it than he’d like to admit, Dean tries to rearrange him, but he moves at just the right time and slides onto Dean’s thigh and they both gasp - Cas because he’s obviously finally gotten the friction he wants and Dean because he can feel, even through his jeans, that Cas is
for what feels like the millionth time in his life: “I’m not gay.”
, I gotta -”
“You what?” Dean teases, dragging his open mouth down Cas’s neck and thrilling all over when Cas clutches a fistful of his hair and yanks on it, hard. He wonders idly if Cas, at full size and strength, would be able to throw him around and really make him feel it.
“We are working together just fine.”
“He’s dismayed about having to spend sixty dollars on underwear for me,” Cas explains.
Cas blinks. “I do, but aren’t you -” his fingertips slip down from Dean’s lower back to his ass and he presses in, in, then pulls back a little when Dean hisses through his teeth.
Dean takes him in greedily; the quick, shallow rise and fall of his muscular stomach, his smooth throat, the swoop of his collarbone that’s been driving Dean crazy for
“No,” Dean says firmly, resolving to throw himself off a bridge as soon as possible, “God, no. I was just -”
“Yes,” Cas shrugs back into his trench coat, “I’m very important and busy.”
Dean gives him a look to tell him to shut up
The slightly bruised ego is a small price to pay to see Cas unfold every glorious, bare inch of himself and stand over Dean, not an ounce of self-consciousness in him. “I got no fucking idea,” Dean manages. He’s forgotten what state they’re in, what the motel is called, even what day of the week it is - Cas fucked any and all productive thoughts out of his head.
But Cas won’t, he never does, and of course Dean loves it; he loves it even when Cas is telling him to pull out, shoving him off, tackling him back down onto the bed. He throws one leg over Dean and sinks down onto his thighs with all his weight, pinning him in place, which feels so fucking good, and right.
“From this joint?” Dean scoffs, “Even I’ve got limits.”
Cas cuts him off with a hungry, open-mouthed kiss, and just like that, every promise Dean made to himself, and to Sam, about leaving six inches for Jesus between girl-Cas and his very confusing boner is gone. He kisses back, matching Cas's urgency, pulling him in tight against his body. He can't navigate the intricacies of his own fucked-up mind, panics at even the slightest complication with his sexuality, but this he can do.
“He's just being -” Sam comes over and knocks his knee into Dean’ shoulder, shoving him. “Don't worry about him. Are you feeling okay? Anything hurt?”
Sam barrels on: “I shouldn’t have freaked you out with all that stuff about sexual identities.”
They pull into the motel parking lot, and he switches off the headlights. The building looms above them, dark and mostly empty. The engine ticks as it cools down, and raindrops patter sporadically on the windscreen. Dean has no idea what to say. Cas looks at him with his big, kind eyes, then tilts his head back onto the headrest, baring the long curve of his throat as he unbuckles his seatbelt. Dean’s belly jumps.
He looks good.
. He stands in front of Dean, defiant, and naked except for a pair of dark green panties, and puts his hands on his hips. “Do I? Look like a man?”
“All I was going to say was that I’m going to need to get better at it, then,” Cas says, matter-of-fact, “Fucking you.”
Finally, Cas pulls away to glare at Dean. “You don’t want me to be a woman either? Explain this to me concisely,” he snaps, “I believe my failure to understand the situation is not my own fault.”
“Oh, God -” Dean hears himself sobbing, “Cas, slow down -”
Gently, he shifts back, encouraging Cas to take his own weight, propping him against the door.
-” he sobs out a wet, throaty noise when Dean grabs his cock and gives him exactly what he needs, jerks him off, easy, ignores him when he whimpers like it’s too much and his whole body starts to seize up. Propped up on his elbows, Dean kicks his hips up a little harder, wanting Cas to come so badly. He rubs the head of Cas’s cock where he’s hot and wet, the skin pulled tight. It works - Cas goes absolutely blank and pliant with ecstasy, making a low, shocked noise as all the tension bursts, and he comes, shuddering.
“You wanna go again?” Dean’s voice sounds too eager even to him, and he couldn’t give a fuck. He’s gonna earn the selfless, careless devotion Cas is giving him if it kills him. He shuffles so he’s half on top of Cas, straddles his thigh and grinds down onto it, slow and shameless.
Dean raises the mostly-full beer in his hand to signal the bartender for another one.
Cas looks bewildered. “But you’re the human, why don’t you know how to -”
But it’s too late, Cas’s eyes are boring into him, shining with hurt. “You’d rather go back to hell than be around me while I’m - like this?”
Once he’s awake again, Dean waits until Sam and Bobby have been out in the yard for an hour or so and then come back in for breakfast to saunter into the kitchen, whistling, like he'd arrived home casually while they were working on the pickup.
as clearly as he can, and then floods his mind with any and every fantasy and dream about he and Cas he’s ever denied having - the secret dirty shit he’s stuffed away into a dark corner of his mind, and the embarrassing soppy daydreams he can’t even bring himself to think about because it hurts to want it so bad.
“Uh-huh,” Dean stands up, his knees cracking loud enough that it makes Cas jump. “You stay there, I’ll get it.”
“Ix-nay on the its-tay,” Sam, from the bed, nudges Cas with his foot, “Dean’s going to have an aneurysm.”
Dean gets up, unsteady on his feet, his voice tripping over Cas’s name, but Cas whirls around to face him and snarls: “Don’t come after me, I don’t want to see you.”
“Uh, hey, I have eyes, and a functioning cerebral cortex,” Dean paces the length of the room and back again, keeping his eyes to himself - at least while Sam’s giving him a beady, suspicious look, “He looks like a hot girl, I’m just - wired that way.”
Cas stops dead, his nose two inches from Dean’s. “That’s - irrelevant.” His anger seems to shrink a little, and takes a shaky step backwards.
Dean hovers, covering Cas’s six, which affords him the double reward of getting to glare at anyone who gets too close, and avoiding Sam’s curious glances. It doesn’t last long, though; the third time someone asks Dean what his girlfriend’s name is, he rage quits and decides Cas is on his own. He storms away from the table in search of a double shot of whatever is closest.
He’d expected it to be intense, and he’d braced himself for pain and pleasure and riding the weird, blurry line between the two; he’d been fucking stupid to think that would be it. Cas holds him down and, with what seems like very little effort, just about turns him inside out; the tiniest movement of his hips floods Dean’s whole body with pleasure so intense and resonant it knocks him silent, breathless, paralyzed.
The idea of Cas making him beg always revs him up. In Dean’s mind Cas is on his knees in the back of the car - because of
Sam’s eyebrows shoot up.
He doesn’t give Cas any time to recover - call it payback - and the fluttering clench of his muscles hasn’t even stopped when Dean reaches up and grabs Cas’s hips with both hands, pulls him down hard, pounding into him. He’s strung tight, right on the edge, his whole body humming with it, pleasure like electricity zinging through him.
Dean chews on his thumbnail and paces. “Maybe we should call Bobby.”
He’s making out with Cas. Cas, who
“Have you seen Dean? I can’t find him anywhere and his phone’s off.” Sam calls. The doorknob rattles.
- and his wide blue eyes that haven’t changed even slightly. Experiment successful: he’s definitely fucking turned on, lit up by it right to the very core of him, for every single inch of this Cas.
“Why did you even
“Is it really that bad?” Sam furrows his forehead. “Just because you think girl-Cas is hot doesn’t mean it’s the end of the world. I mean,” he pauses, and pre-laughs at his own joke: “We know what the end of the world looks like.”
Dean gets up, storms across the room, and snatches the pillow away. "Dude, see for yourself. He’s actually a chick.”
He breathes in and takes the plunge, jerks himself roughly and lets everything he wouldn’t allow himself to imagine before he got his shit together run wild in his mind.
Of course he’s sore, he got fucked to within an inch of his life, but so what? There’s a lot of evidence to suggest he’s got some wires crossed upstairs considering his long and fucked-up history of deeply, genuinely enjoying very questionable and often pain-spiked sexual encounters. Besides, gambling with his sore ass is chump change when he’s got the ‘I went to hell that one time’ card.
Dean misses him. That’s not some huge epiphany he has - he’s always known it, but been too chickenshit to poke at the cold, heavy ache sitting low in his chest.
Dean rests his forehead on the steering wheel until the car behind him honks because the light’s turned green. The clutch crunches as he shifts too quickly, and they both wince. "Cas is going to be fine. He's an angel, dude, he probably doesn't even feel lonely."
Dean groans, not picturing it until he
“I got it loud and clear, while I was
“Yeah,” Cas grabs him by the elbow and pulls him up, “And you’re coming with me.”
“That’s none of your damn business,” Dean tells him sweetly.
"You cold?" Dean whispers, leaning his forehead against Cas's. Cas shakes his head. His eyes are wild and eager, searching Dean's face, darting up and down to his lips. "I need you to understand that I might not - after - when you're -"
The trip with Sam to go get supplies is no less excruciating than any time alone with Cas. Sam lulls Dean into a false sense of security by keeping it light for most of the drive, and then corners him while he’s eating one-handed after a drive-through stop. Sam’s so fucking smart, and Dean forgets that sometimes, and especially when he has a really good hotdog.
“I - yeah, you got me,” Dean pants, helping Cas wrestle him out of his t-shirt. He’s shaking with need, they both are, the air between them is charged and scorching, and they rock together unsteadily, searching for friction.
Nope, no chance, Dean will not sit through another PFLAG seminar from Sam Winchester. He snatches a fistful of his lapel and hauls him in close. “I swear to God, if you bring up that feminist bullshit one more time, I’m gonna drag you to the bathroom, stuff your giant head the can, and flush.”
homophobic towards themselves? He’s panicking about it some more until Cas leans in, a hand on his knee for balance, and just like that, kisses him off-centre, clumsy and warm and perfect.
“If we do this,” he asks, voice hoarse, “If we change me back, will I have to pretend last night didn't happen?”
He pulls the asshole’s coffin out of the family crypt near a Baptist church, not gently, and drags it out into the open, dumps the salt on, digs a firebreak and then douses him with a whole bottle of kerosene.
Outside, the storm picks up a little more, a mournful-sounding wind starting to rattle the car yard.
Bobby takes a match to the cast iron bowl full of unusually gross stuff he’s got resting on his knees: deer bones, a whole heart of a wild boar, a pair of shrivelled feet from a hawk that was shot with a bow and arrow, a lock of Cas’s hair, and a tangled pile of deep amber saffron threads. It catches with a shimmer of sparks and a huge, green-blue plume of crackling flames and then immediately disintegrates into powdery golden ash.
“Wake up, Sam," Dean snaps, throwing his feet onto the floor. "Cas is a girl.”
“86 the gender studies crap, I need to think about this,” Dean points to Cas, who crosses his arms over his chest, and watches with wide, confused eyes.
, he thinks,
Cas tells Sam matter-of-factly, “I don’t know what that means, but I’m not wearing the bra, particularly if we're only going to be sitting around here doing research all evening.”
him? her?
into this piping hot mess as well, Dean blurts out: “I don’t like men. I don’t want to fuck men. Cas is just the closest thing to a hot chick I’ve laid eyes on in months. He’s not special, okay?”
Cas raises an eyebrow. “To watch you sleep?”
“I’m still me,” Cas says, encouragingly, “Just a slightly different vessel.”
“Okay,” Sam says, warily, “He usually texts me if he's getting laid, though. Can't resist.”
“I don’t think humans are bizarre, I think they’re confused and fragile and disappointingly closed-minded,” he snarls. The hair around his face is ruffled into a demented halo, and in that moment he looks like himself, like boy Cas, and for that split second he’s more gorgeous than before. Dean’s belly sinks like a stone. What the fuck is happening to him?
Cas cuts him off, shaking his head impatiently. “I know,
“Cas, don’t go, let me explain -”
Cas looks at him for a long time, and then says, “Alright,” and gets up on tip-toes and kisses him, heartbreakingly soft, like a goodbye.
Cas throws him a hurt, resentful look. “Why?”
Christ. When Dean’s the person in the room with the most self control, it’s a surefire disaster. But he can fake bravado and give a pep talk for both of them if he has to, that’s his speciality. “I know, look, let’s just - cuddle. Come on.”
, dizzy and hot and - “Cas, I can’t even deal with this on a normal day, let alone a day when you’ve been zapped into the body of a girl.”
Everything Dean was telling himself about going back to normal is clearly an outright fucking lie. Sitting there with Cas so close, his body knows well before his mind catches up to it: something’s shifted between them, and the point of no return was miles back. The moment stretches out between them like a rubber band, and the panicky urge to talk bubbles up in Dean, he’s gotta say something, tell him -
Dean has a laundry list of problems, not the least of which is the fact that he doesn't do virgins, doesn't need that kind of responsibility, doesn't know if fucking Cas, whatever he's got in his panties, would make him gay, or bi, or whatever ten dollar word Sam wants to slap on it, hates the thought of breaking Cas's heart if and when they can get him back into his original-ish form and Dean inevitably doesn't want to get anywhere near his dick.
the same. The local girls in the bar were - fine. They were drunk enough to find Dean funny and hot enough to distract him. He spent an hour doing shots with them, putting on his very best up-for-anything grin, and then ultimately struck out because his metaphorical boner was being squished by the steady throb of guilt and emptiness that kicked up in him every time he thought of Cas across the room fluttering his eyelashes at Julio the poker guy.
“He is very intuitive,” Cas says, agreeably, reading over Dean’s shoulder, “His spiritual instincts are beyond the reach of the average human.”
Cas is a girl. A hot girl. He has tits. Tits, Jesus, it is too fucking early for boobs on a dude. No matter how pretty that dude - girl - is.
He's got a clear picture of them making out against the trunk of the car mid-hunt, burning off some adrenaline, jerking each other off quick and dirty, pants around their knees and tongues in each other’s mouths; and then pictures some rose tinted, far away, never-going-to-happen future where Dean has a sturdy little house on the outskirts of a rural city where he could have a fat, grumpy rescue house cat to keep the mice away, and a sprawling auto shop - where Cas could sneak up on him while he’s working and kiss the back of his neck, smile into his hairline and rub his stubbly chin against the sensitive skin there. It’s so far beyond a pipe dream, but sometimes when he’s hovering in the twilight zone right on the edge of sleep the fantasy pops into his mind unbidden and unfolds like a sunflower.
“Will you meet me later, when Sam falls asleep?” Cas asks, and his open mouth is right against Dean’s ear, air skittering around inside it, and he’s so fucking hard all of a sudden. His dick went from six to midnight in the space of that sentence so his brain, deprived of blood, takes a while to catch up. Trembling all over, Dean’s body reacts before he can tell it not to, and he slides a hand under Cas’s suit jacket and finds the firm dip of his waist, scrabbling under his shirt for bare skin to hang on to.
The whole drive back, Cas keeps looking at Dean’s profile, and then looking away and smiling to himself. Dean keeps his eyes firmly on the road, doesn’t watch Cas turning in his seat to face him with his thighs apart. Right as they’re turning off the highway, the clouds finally open up, and the growl of thunder starts to build in the distance.
"Look, I just don't want to see someone I care about end up alone and miserable. Again." Sam turns to him while they're idling at a red light and snatches the bag of Doritos they're sharing out of Dean's reach as punishment.
Cas sighs, and it's comforting in its familiarity. It's his ‘petty humans’ sigh. “Then what is your problem?”
“Bodies are only -”
“You smile a lot,” Cas pants, when Dean’s finally inching his way inside him, keeping his breathing slow and even so he doesn’t just blow his load right then and there. “When you’re having sex. Did you know that?”
” Dean floors it past 85. “I will kill you.”
“I don’t -” Cas offers, glancing down at his lap, “- have a dick. If it helps.”
Dean cuts him off, “Hey, you wanted a concise explanation, and you got one. I don't need the 'humans are bizarre' lecture right now.”
“Did you like it?”
His hips roll upwards as he imagines what would happen if Cas heard him and came back right now - would he just want to watch? Or maybe he’d climb onto the bed and kneel between Dean’s thighs, spreading them as wide as he wanted to, his unbelievable eyes piercing as he reaches out to touch, curious and uninhibited. He’d trail his fingertips down Dean’s belly and to his cock, dip them into the precome beading at the tip, bring them to his lips -
Famous last words. Cas does, leaning over and smacking a hot little open-mouthed one on him, and then another, and another, and then in a flash he’s wriggled out of his coat and hefted himself into Dean’s lap.
“Yeah,” Sam frowns, “I went up there earlier and the door was locked. He sounded really weird. I don't know what you said to him last night, but he must be upset.”
,” he snarls, “Did you even consider what might have happened if another angel heard you?”
Cas can’t catch his breath, but there’s fire in his eyes as he drags his fingers through his own spunk puddled wetly on Dean’s belly and smears it into Dean’s open gasping mouth, pushing it onto his lips and tongue, slick and filthy. Bliss crashes over him like a wave and he comes with his eyes squeezed shut, swallowing around Cas’s fingers, grinding upwards into the hot clutch of his ass, Cas just taking it with a euphoric look on his face, and begging for more.
“You’re a liar,” Cas whispers, amused, and he’s unzipping Dean’s jeans, balanced over his lap, his knee pushed into the seat between Dean’s legs.
lecturing him about being creepy while they unpack the Impala in Bobby's driveway. Bobby disappeared as soon as they arrived to check Cas over, wielding a bunch of instruments he dug out of a spider-infested box in the supply closet, which is something Dean is very thankful to be far away from.
Cas’s eyes widen. “Oh, I see,” he says carefully. He looks up at the ceiling thoughtfully and closes his mouth, and then opens it again, and then closes it again, so Dean puts him out of his misery.
wet. Cas shifts, a tiny little bit, back and forth, and chokes on a moan.
Cas looks at him like it’s funny, one corner of his mouth sloping upwards. “I startled you,” he observes mildly.
Cas is bunking with them in a skeevy hotel in the middle of Idaho, and he’s scarily nonchalant about being a chick, even when he’s arguing doggedly with Dean about underwear.
Dean sets the timer on his watch for fifteen minutes and grins, holding out his wrist to show Cas the seconds ticking away. “No angel mojo,” he warns.
"Right, yeah, Cas," Sam says, dry, sucking the orange cheese dust off his fingertips, "I was definitely talking about Cas."
“Which did you prefer?” Cas asks, later, when Dean’s so blissed out that he’s nodding in and out of sleep, dozing off and then blinking himself awake again with a smile on his face.
? It’s not like he’d rather have Cas in his regular dude body kissing him and climbing half into his lap in a cosy, dimly lit bedroom on a lonely weekday evening, would he? Christ, he must be drunk.
He flips on the lights and goes to wash his hands, throws Cas a wet face cloth so he can clean himself up. He’s kicking off his jeans and underwear in the bathroom when he sees the note stuck to the mirror, written on the back of a burger joint receipt:
In some distant way, he’s embarrassed at the porny, uninhibited sounds he can hear himself making, hiccupping little
“Oh, God. Kiss my ass, Liberal Arts. I’m well aware of the spectrum.”
There’s a nest of vamps just outside Telluride, and by the time Dean and Sam get to them, they’ve been driven into a mountain bunker by a power-hungry alpha and they’re trapped there, feral and emaciated. It hurts a little, putting them down, they’re almost like sick puppies at the pound. Although the ideal scenario would be to drink heavily and then sleep it off, duty calls again not even eight hours later - and this time duty is in some swampy shithole in Mississippi he’s never even heard of. So, they hit the road.
and kiss his heaving chest, his mouth, his cheek, all the while with that infuriatingly placid expression on his face.
According to some fat, dusty book that Sam finds intensely interesting, whatever it is that keeps angels and demons in their vessels is pretty volatile magic - useful, but very unstable, which is so freakin’ typical of Heaven. Of course they would prioritise expediency over actual human lives.
“Excuse me?” Cas stares up at him.
He wouldn’t be mean about it, though, he’d help Dean be good, help him earn it. He’d encourage him, whisper,
Cas clears his throat, and heaves in a laboured breath. “That was unpleasant, but yes, I believe it worked.”
“Hey, I -
The shuttered expression on Sam’s face tells him to shut up. Sam looks at him - silent, disappointed - and shakes his head. He walks away, leaving Dean alone in the bright yellow lobby of the Paradise Inn.
“The one and only,” Dean agrees, gruffly, “He’s just leaving.”
They're so close Dean can see the tiny veins in Cas’s pale wrist, he could reach out only an inch or so and feel the pressure of the blood zipping through them, the secret beat of his pulse under the skin. He drinks him in, the smell of him, fabric softener and clean skin and something familiar and about as homey as Dean ever feels which might be the buttery cream Sam uses on his hands - the same one their mom used to use on them when they were little. Slowly, Cas relaxes into him, his breathing slowing down into long, deep sighs.
Dean thinks about Cas in the upstairs bedroom at Bobby's, head tipped back against the door, trusting Dean completely to hold his weight, then looks at the soft curve of Cas's throat, his big, pale hands folded softly in his lap, and wonders why he’s such a fucking coward.
“I - no,” Dean says, puts his hands on Cas's hips, thumbs under his t-shirt, drinks in his soft skin for what might be the last time, “But you have to understand -”
Furious and confused and thinking of Dad in a burst of sudden, aching hot flash of grief, because Sam dragged fucking
“I didn’t throw it, Dean did,” Cas says, nobly. It’s a crying shame that for once in his life there’s no bottomless pit opening up for Dean to jump into and disappear.
“Cas, for the last time, put the damn bra on.”
Sam looks away awkwardly, and Bobby suddenly develops a consuming interest in flipping through the papers in his lap. Cas strips off, and Dean looks very carefully into his eyes and nowhere else. At Cas's pointed look, he shakes himself out of it, and tosses him the beat up old throw off the couch, which Cas wraps around himself like a towel.
When Dean looks up, Cas is studying him intently in the way he always does before he says some disarming shit and leaves Dean feeling split in half; it’s like getting into a shower that’s too hot - it’s taken some time but he’s used to the pain now, and he braces himself just in time.
“Don’t leave on my account -” Sam starts, but with a last, significant look at Dean, Cas dematerializes right in the middle of the room, the breeze from his wings ruffling Dean’s hair.
“What the hell’s the matter with him?” Bobby asks Sam.
His legs are long and lean, and he walks very confidently into the bar that Dean drags them all into one Friday night, little black handbag swinging at his side. Walking a few steps behind Cas, but looking very carefully at the back of his neck, Dean decides that he needs to have sex with someone who is not an Angel of the Lord housed in a temporarily female vessel if it’s the last thing he ever does.
Cas just smiles at him and says, low and fond, “Hello, Dean.” In the glow of the fire, his eyes are luminous.
Dean drives to Burger King ten above the speed limit, fuming, wanting to smack his face against the windscreen to punish himself every time he thinks about the soft curve of Cas’s thighs, and the shadows of his nipples, hard underneath Dean’s t-shirt. It’s sad as fuck that it only took ten minutes of being face to face with him - her -
Cas sighs around the shape of his name. He traces the slope of Dean's ribs, light and reverent.
“That’s fair,” Dean swallows. “But I’m - I’ve thought about it a lot, and I do - uh, feel things for you -”
They take Cas with them and drive east, ostensibly to check in with Bobby, but really because Dean’s too restless and pissed off to sit around and do research in one place. His crappy mood gets worse whenever he catches himself checking Cas out like he would with any other girl, not like he's just stuffy old trench-coated Cas. Girl-Cas has miles of milky pale skin he's really bad about remembering to cover up, and an ass like a peach.
“Fuck
be easier. But, no. It could be dangerous, Bobby said so, even if Dean’s horny and lonely and out of options. He shushes Cas. “Even if I wanted you to, you
“Hey, c’mon, look at me,” Dean can hardly breathe himself, but he tries to sound comforting. His hand is shaking when he reaches up and rakes Cas’s hair back off his damp forehead and cheek, which is totally normal and not at all a worry. “We can’t do this, you know we can’t.”
Cas smiles, tilts his head, watches Dean watching him with benign curiosity. “Do you miss the female body I was in?”
In a flurry of motion, Cas angrily unzips his stupid, beloved hoodie and throws it on the ground; Dean splutters, but Cas ignores him and starts on his jean shorts and tights, shimmies them down over his hips, then slips his t-shirt off over his head, and yet again, he's
“If you’re straight then why are we -”
“We can’t do anything - Sam’s in there,” Dean tells him, chewing the inside of his cheek, “But you could come inside anyway, if you want?”
If he's going to buy that, it might as well be the reason.
-” and that’s it, barely any not-even-dirty talk, and Dean’s gone. He comes like it’s been yanked out of his bones, shuddering with the force of it, knocking his head back against the seat and letting it wash over him while Cas moans and gasps about it.
Cas throws his leg over Dean’s and pulls the covers up to both of their chins, closes his eyes. “Of course I will,” he says. He’s snoring softly again within two breaths.
They set everything up in Bobby's poor, battered living room, figuring they may as well add to the burns and gouges in the walls and floorboards. Also, the thought of trapping Cas in the basement to perform more questionable magic on him makes Dean feel twitchy.
Bobby sighs, and starts to turn his wheelchair laboriously on the spot. “No rest for the wicked."
“Hang on,” Dean says, muffled against Cas’s mouth, “Lemme -” he digs around for the catch and slides his seat as far back as it’ll go, but he’s still got his fucking seatbelt on, and Cas’s lower back must be digging painfully into the steering wheel even with the extra room. He doesn’t seem to care.
Just Dean’s luck, now that Cas is even peripherally aware that Dean is attracted to him, he’s suddenly honing in like a radar every time Dean so much as glances at him, and looking back at him with his usual bright intensity and something pity-adjacent in his eyes.
Bobby hypothesises that Cas’s true form had some kind of allergic reaction to an incantation they’d used at the concert in Seattle with all the possessed hipsters. Dean refused to let Sam use his little party trick, so instead they’d tried some shady shit from the back page of a spell book to amplify one of their favourite moves and exorcise all the demons at once. It worked, but all three of them had been knocked off their feet in a huge cloud of demon-laced dust.
“I’ll go!” Dean volunteers, absolutely stoked at the thought of a few Cas-free hours, “Cas, you stay here with Bobby.”
“Angels have no gender,” Cas snarls, “I have explained this to you.”
It's over in no time, in a rush of desperation and harsh breathing and slick sounds. Cas groans weakly into his neck when he comes, and Dean’s shocked that he can actually feel Cas’s cock pulsing inside him - it’s so unexpectedly hot it makes his eyes roll back into his head. His orgasm is punched out of him a second later, white hot, and messy, when Cas shoves into him at the perfect angle and tumbles him over the edge with searing intensity.
Sam smirks, tongue caught between his teeth. “Yeah, that’s fine, dude, that won’t make Dean drink himself to sleep at all.”
Bobby's supplier doesn't come through with everything they need, of course, which means that, a) Dean spent nine hours avoiding eye contact with Sam for no reason, and b) they have to order some stuff from a website based out of some witchy coven in Vermont and wait out the excruciatingly slow shipping time all squished together at Bobby’s place.
“Sure you have. Hey, speaking of boundaries -”
” Sam stumbles, and whatever is in the shopping bag he’s carrying clunks and rattles as one of his shoulders bounces off the door frame and he recoils in shock.
“I should take my clothes off,” Cas says, sensibly, crouching down to unlace his boots. “I don't believe these will fit me when I am returned to my previous form.”
“Jesus Christ,” Dean groans, in pieces already, “Give me a second here.”
Sam actually looks happier, then, like Dean said something he liked. He smiles, just a flash of his infuriatingly white teeth in Dean's periphery. “That’s good. Just don’t - don’t think that you’re going somewhere you can’t come back from if you and Cas -”
Dean buries himself in the car, and lets Sam mostly deal with Cas, because he's pissed off and twitchy from being scolded all the time for staring, or avoiding looking altogether, or saying the wrong thing accidentally. And from ending up in bed at night unable to sleep because he’s all tied up in confused, horny knots.
“What do you need to think about?” Sam asks, kindly, “The fact that you’re checking out
They identify and bag the son of a bitch before dinner time on the third day, but then Sam pulls his quad running through a field, leaving Dean to do the salt and burn alone. The night is thick with humidity, pea-soup clouds hanging low and threatening in the sky, and he’s tired and pent up and really,
“Hmmm,” Cas does an okay job of making himself sound disapproving, “That does sound like him.”
Dean comes all over himself, sobbing aloud and gasping for breath, scratching at the sheets with his free hand.
Cas nods a little hesitantly, stretches and flexes like he’s testing that theory. When he’s breathing more evenly and he can take his own weight, Dean sits back, feeling kinda breathless himself. Cas turns and looks at Dean, all wide blue eyes and dark hair and hopes that he thinks he’s buried deep enough that Dean won’t see them.
Sam, it turns out, spent way too much time living with Jessica, and is awesome at girl shit. While Dean mopes, he takes Cas into Sioux Falls and they scour the huge Goodwill and get him a bunch more clothes to wear, because once he found out girls could wear just about anything, they couldn't stop him. Then, Sam shows Cas how to put his hair in a ponytail to keep it out of his way while he’s doing something that involves leaning over a lot, and teaches him to wear his jean shorts over a pair of tights with his boots, and that's - that's good.
Screw it, Dean thinks, embarrassment will help take the edge off. “I don’t, normally,” he admits. He kisses him, quick and hard, then buries his face in Cas’s shoulder so he doesn’t see him when he says: “It’s just you.”
town, but the county, probably, there’d be men and women who were smarter, more successful, more stable, hotter, and less likely to ruin Cas even more than he already has been.
A gallon of icy fresh lake water that’s been stored in some special ancient wooden jug gets poured over Cas’s head, which he endures stoically, but it makes him shiver and goosebumps spring up along his bare shoulders and the slender length of his arms. Dean takes a knee and touches his lit zippo to the oil and all at once, Cas is wreathed in flame.
Carefully, Dean extracts himself and stands up, leans across him to pull the covers up. With a soft, murmuring noise, Cas rolls over and buries his other cheek in the pillow. Dean knows he should be sensible about all this and go and sleep downstairs on the couch, let Cas stretch out and have the whole bed to himself.
“Yeah, see ya,” Dean gives him a sloppy salute, “Thanks for dropping by.”
He concentrates on thinking
In his room alone under the sallow fluorescent lights, slumped in a lumpy arm chair, Dean prays.
He turns back to Dean. "Sam hasn't left the library in hours," he reminds him gently. "No one will walk in and see it, if you're worried about that." Castiel reaches out and rests his hand atop Dean's hand with a small smile. "Only if you want to. I am more than capable of eating it myself," he adds softly. "I just wanted to make the offer."
"Cas! Man stop with the feeling crap." Dean fumbles over his words, not quite looking at Castiel. "It was two dudes being bros. Eating pie. Like dudes do. What, can two men not eat pie and be friends and shit?"
"Only if you want to, dear," Castiel reminds him again. Castiel reaches for his fork, only for Dean to snatch it up first. Dean spins the fork between his fingers, cocky smile shifting into a small, genuine smile.
"Well then it tastes like oranges." Castiel says, with a completely blank face.
"God dammit Cas!" Dean cries, slapping a hand to the table as he leans back with a huff. "You damn well know that's not what I meant, smart ass." Dean grumbles, but he's not able to hide the way his lips slowly pull into a grin.
Dean smirks. "Don't get your feathers in a twist." But, mercifully he stops with the blasphemy for now. Dean carefully sinks the fork into the pie, carefully not to lose a drop of filling. He offers the forkful to Cas. "Say ahhhh."
"Now, that's what I'm talking about." Dean grabs the fork and carefully scoops up another bite. Once again, Dean carefully makes sure to not lose much of the filling. He can't waste the pie!
Dean huffs. "Does that mean you like it at least?" Dean's all sharp edges and bruised ego at the moment, so Castiel knows he needs to act carefully to not set him off.
Dean seems to consider this for a moment. He perks up, but tries to play it off. Castiel, of course, sees through the bravado easily. The soul is a bit of a give away, after all. "When it comes to matters of pie, then damn well lie to me. Now, let's try it again. Did you like the pie?"
Castiel patiently waits as Dean slowly processes his words. Dean glances around the room with a scowl. He glares at the entryway as if mentally demanding it to stay empty. With a huff, Dean sits down in a chair next to Cas, grumbling quietly. And still, Castiel waits. Slowly, over the process of several minutes, Dean relaxes enough to draw his gaze over Castiel. He offers a little smirk. "Well, I reckon we could. Try it ya know. Might make it taste better," Dean says. Castiel offers a small smile before gently squeezing his hand.
"Cas, man. Just do it. Trust me," Dean grumbles.
Dean leans back just slightly. His expression crumbles, just the slightest bit, before it vanishes. "Now wait just a minute there, feathers. You don't sound so sure there." Dean crosses his arms over his chest. Castiel eyes the action, narrowing his eyes just slightly.
Dean's small, bashful delight can't hide from a being who can see the way his soul shines and quivers at the idea. The cocky facade slips before his eyes, but Castiel doesn't say anything about it. He just lets Dean take his time.
Castiel narrows his eyes. "Me wanting the pie has nothing to do with asking for clarification," He sighs. "But fine. Ahh." Dean beams, and it makes his entire face seem to light up. It is always a treat for Castiel to see Dean so carefree, as if the weight of hunting and hell has left his shoulders for a brief moment. Not that Dean would ever acknowledge it outload, but Castiel can at least savor it. Dean carefully feeds Castiel the bite. A little of the syrup sticks to Castiel's lips. He sticks his tongue out, slowly licking the sticky syrup of his lip. Dean's eyes latch onto the movement of his tongue. Dean swallows, Adam's apple jumping.
For once in his life, Dean’s got nothing to say - he’s knocked silent, opening and closing his mouth like a fish stranded on dry land.
“You’re a C cup, that’s why!” Dean shouts back, “It’s just the rules.”
"I'm not - I'm not good at this."
Fuck Dean’s whole life, that makes him feel worse about it, why would he feel
He’s saved from being the centre of attention when Bobby runs into a couple of his lowlife buddies and gets roped into a very shady game of cards with Sam on his side. Cas watches them intently from the sidelines, oblivious to the lecherous gazes he's drawing from many of the patrons.
Dean wants to shove him off and yell in his face,
“It’s itchy,” Cas whines, “And if I wear it too long, it hurts, right under here,” Cas lifts his arm over his head and runs a finger around the half-moon shadow that’s clearly visible through his t-shirt.
apocalypse -” Dean explains, because he’s sorely tempted to bully his own brother, “- the bathroom here, I mean. Some guy told me earlier I’d wind up cleaner if I pissed into my own hands.”
Dean whistles, low, and sags with relief. "Phew, that one puckered my butthole."
Sam eyes him, heavy with suspicion. “You want coffee?”
It doesn't end up meaning anything that it didn't last long, because they make out sloppily for a while, cooling off under the creaky ceiling fan. Dean's hard again in record time and, apparently having got his dirty talk mojo back at the same time he decided to let go of all his unproductive macho man hang ups, he takes his sweet time coaxing Cas back into the game. He props himself up between Cas’s thighs, jerks him off slowly until he's rock hard and leaking, then rubs lubed-up fingertips over the tight little bud of his hole, describing in filthy detail what he's going to do to him before he does it.
“Right, and how long do you think that’ll last if whatever happened between you two keeps on happening?”
“Oh,” Cas tilts his head, eyes dark, “You had -?”
"Oh, don't give me that James Dean, I-could-give-a-crap bullshit,” Dean sneers, “I invented that."
Cas’s eyebrows twitch together. “What?”
Because Dean’s managed to make it a dreamy eleven hour stretch without thinking too hard about Cas, or their perfunctory goodbye before Cas flew off to whichever astral plane he had an appointment on, or thinking about the twisty, bereft feelings
Cas looks over his shoulder at Dean and nods. He doesn’t look nervous, but he usually has the same bland, neutral expression for both abject terror and total contentment, so it’s moot.
“I wish,” Cas says quietly, “That I could somehow make things easier for us.”
they’d do it in the car. The plush curve of his lips is wet and swollen around Dean’s cock, maybe he’d push Dean’s knees up and apart, dip a couple of slick fingertips just inside him to make it sweeter. He’s bringing him right to the edge over and over again and then pulling away and leaving him hanging, so painfully good.
