“In so many words, yes,” John quipped. Sherlock trusted him.
, who has just uploaded a fantastic new fic you should ALL read, called
Lestrade hurried over to lend him an arm, and gratefully, John leaned a bit of his weight on the grey haired man. "Christ, Sherlock, the man can barely hold himself up."
, yes, John, not your strong suit, so let's leave the thinking to me next time, shalll we?"
“The way you dance on the stage, I wondered how you’d look in my bed, moving those hips the way you do.”
There was a tickle up his calf, and John jerked violently in his restraints. Sherlock was everywhere around him, all at once, though, all but avoiding the places John really wanted him to touch. A fingernail tracing figure eights on his ribs; John giggled, then swiftly cut off as he remembered Sherlock's demand.
The image of Sherlock's long back spread out beneath him, the curve of his arse, and the point where they connected, filled John with a sense of zeal. He wanted that, guarded the image jealously because there was no possible way it would happen after John told Sherlock about Moriarty’s ultimatum.
Although the other wolves had gathered to speak amongst themselves, Victor and Sherlock held a silent conversation in the the center of the room. It was intimate, and John looked away.
it be like in that tiny mind of John's, that he would ignore every sign Sherlock had been throwing his way ruthlessly?!
Everyone, including John, flinched in surprise, turning wide eyes onto their leader, who was still messaging his temples roughly. "Anderson, sit down and be quiet, you're lowering the IQ of everyone in the room. I'd rather throw myself in a pit of hunters than be subjected to your insistent rambling and inability to form complete sentences with 'grown up' words."
Sherlock had found it lying innocuously on the kitchen table, a direct contradiction to the clutter and chaos of its surroundings. The smell of cologne lingered on the paper, something expensive, sparingly used. The handwriting was telling, almost old-fashioned in nature; neat cursive and open letters. The t's crossed at the top, which suggested that the writer was stubborn, determined.Opened o's, so a talkative person, and the loop of the l's was wide, which pointed towards someone who was spontaneous, whimsical. It didn't add up.
He breathed deeply, knowing that Sherlock was looking for a reason to provoke John. The room was filled with murmurs and the scent of anxiety and anger. Anderson was still condemning him, while Greg stood defensively in front of John, his deep growl underlining his words as he tried to put the other man back in line. Sally was speaking harshly with Sherlock, gesturing angrily in John's direction while Victor stared unerringly at John, a queer smirk settled contently on his lips.
Well here we are, you guys. Back at it again post S4 and still going strong. Thank you to my beta Morgan for her patience and the dedication she puts into helping me churn out shiny new chapters. Also, to my muse and good friend,
"I'm your employer, John. It would be remiss of me not to know these things. No matter how intriguing I may have found you, I don't hire just anyone to work for me." Sherlock paused, breathed in. "Also, I'm aware of who you're with at all times.
It wasn’t meant to be a question, but he needed some sort of confirmation that John wouldn’t just run off in Sherlock’s absence. It was ridiculous, but the confirmation that he’d be there when Sherlock returned would be something of a comfort.
John regarded him suspiciously, wondering why the man wanted to know. He would be out of their hair soon, as if he were never there. John kept his lips sealed, at a loss of whether he should trust this man with that information or not.
Lestrade stepped forward cautiously, and Sherlock grit his teeth, ready to bite out something scathing to make Lestrade
"All right," Sherlock agreed, and like a switch, something in his eyes changed, became darker. "Undress."
John fidgeted. “Some would say brusque, I would say a prat.”
The next day they met at the quaint little café next door where they talked about future collaborations. Much of it would need to be discussed with their managers, but John was excited at the prospect of shooting with Sherlock again, and quite happy to see that Sherlock felt the same.
Not even sure he knew what he was promising.
“Yes, well,” said the vicar, before tapering off into a brief silence. “So, which is it?”
________/\__/\_/\__/\__/\__
John swallowed, stepping back. Sherlock sounded different, his voice deeper and more raspy, similar to after an orgasm. John couldn't think why he might sound that way, but he had a feeling he wouldn't like the answer, whatever it was. “Mrs Hudson,” John replied, the contents of his stomach churning as Sherlock slid out of his bedroom and quickly closed the door behind him. John cleared his throat and tried again, relieved that his voice remained steady. “I was worried when you didn't answer.”
John turned to where he thought Bill might be, where the fingers walked over the nape of his neck like soft, cold caresses. “Am I safe?”
John Watson was much too important to be thrown to the wolves as Sherlock had been, especially in the form of periodicals with little more credibility than a penny dreadful. There was no mistaking what would happen if certain information landed into the wrong hands, and the predictable outcome if aforementioned events came to past. Sherlock didn't want to be responsible for extinguishing John's future before it even began. Not that Sherlock wouldn't provide for him if that were to happen, but John was nothing if not headstrong and stubborn. Unable to provide for himself, John would come to resent Sherlock, and that was unacceptable.
On the other end, Sherlock sighed, and John could literally picture the dramatic eyeroll that went with it. "I wouldn't take such extreme measures if it didn't take you eons to reply to a simple text, John," Sherlock returned dryly.
“For a man with a bum leg, you’ve certainly sat on it for long enough without much trouble,” Sherlock commented drily, but the way his eyes moved over John was anything but disinterested. He tilted his head. “You're easily the most interesting thing to walk through that door today.”
She cut herself off  and walked to the couch, slumping down on it with a huffed breath. Her eyes glistened in the lamp light as she regarded her son with crushed disappointment. The way she was capable of saying many things with a single look spoke volumes as to who John took after.
"Not alone, you're not."
“Guess I’ve got a lot to catch up on,” John responded. His insides quivered, a testimony to his nerves.
like John. Mr. Holmes probably read about his social standing from the wrinkle in his clothes, or the possessive way he held his sandwich, possibly even the outdated trainers on his feet.
A minute later, his phone pinged again with a new message from Holmes, and if John almost dropped the phone in his haste to read it, he avoided looking too closely into the reason why.
Holmes scoffed in exasperation, "Of course not. I meant you and almost everyone else."
John hissed against his lips, breaking the kiss in favour of pushing back on Sherlock’s invading fingers as they slipped further down, caressing the tight rim of John’s anus with the pad of his thumb.
Sherlock furrowed his brow, confused. “We had coffee together this afternoon,” he stated, wondering if Molly was suffering from some mild form of short-term memory loss. Sherlock distinctly remembered Molly bringing him a coffee and sitting across from him at the lab table with her own.
Around the room, a mix of protests sprouted up in loud exclamations.
John pressed his lips into a small smile, feeling the weight on his shoulders lessen with Sherlock’s admission. “I was hoping so,” he said, fingers playing with the stem of his glass.
And miles to go before I sleep.”   - Robert Frost
John growled once they made it into the flat, pulling his arm away from the rough hold, and rubbing it back from numbness. "You know, you don't have to be so rough, Mr. Holmes, because if this is a reflection of what you're like in bed-"
He vaguely realized he was moaning quite loudly, and that Sherlock had joined him at some point, having reached his threshold as John's body squeezed every last bit of release from his cock.
"It was a four. A waste of time for which Lestrade never should have called me. A toddler could figure out that it was the sister!” the man complained grumpily, “Of course it's the sister! She was having an affair with the husband."
Sherlock stayed until John fell back to sleep, then took the blood sample back to the microscope at his desk.
," Sherlock snarled, and threw a pillow straight into John's open mouth before getting up and stomping out of the room in absolutely nothing.
Julia gasped and clutched her aching chest as she tried to make some sort of sense of what this mysterious man was trying to tell her. He couldn’t possibly be talking about her Johnny, her little boy.
All of his efforts to repress his emotion proved fruitless, however, because Sherlock was watching him with that acute awareness that left him feeling excoriated. John dropped his eyes, pursing his lips to steel himself, and began again. "I need to give them a proper send off. I never did get the chance."
His mother was quiet for a moment before she replied, her voice a complete turn around from the high pitched airiness it was before. "You know you can be a little shit sometimes, an ungrateful little shit. Sod off and leave me be." She hung up before he could say anything else. All would be forgiven in the morning; his mother never remembered the horrible things she said when she was high.
Sherlock dislodged a hand from his waist and John found his head being tilted back, his thumb caressing John’s chin as if he were something delicate. “You shouldn’t hold it against them, John. Mundane people are often unobservant and I don’t expect them to realize when they have something extraordinary among them.” Sherlock paused with a quick hum, his eyes flicking over John’s face. “Though you play very well at being boring and ordinary, I find you anything but. Don’t ask me to pin it down; I couldn’t tell you exactly why you intrigue me even if I wanted to… You’re a puzzle.”
His heart raced terribly fast and his erection grew uncomfortable without proper attention, but this was about John. This was all about John; undressing him, worshiping him, crawling inside him, filling him, fucking him. It was
,' John mused, '
Years ago, his sister, Harry, had gone ahead and topped herself before she'd had any real taste of how bitter their life would become. John was essentially, in every sense of the word, alone.
Fifteen minutes later, and Mike was even more sold on the idea, much to John's consternation. It seemed this time, he couldn't count on Mike to be in his corner.
ever, you fool, and he's mine," Sherlock spat acerbically. "Now get out. You've already ruined all of my hard work. It took me hours to get him to sleep!"
Sherlock scoffed. "I don't
This time, it was John who turned and cast a curious eye on Sherlock, to which the other man only shrugged. "Bored," he explained, simply.
Sherlock paused to contemplate the length of the chain that held the bar, before he knelt down place both hands on the back of John's calf. "This will require some upper body strength, John, do you think you can handle it?"
Sherlock led them out of their shelter and back onto an unseen trail, pulling his pack over his shoulder. He tossed John a bottle of water. “Drink,” he ordered indifferently, and led them around a fallen tree.
Not yet, but he could try.
Instead, he answered in a cool tone, “The last thing I have time for is attending your funeral because you’ve decided to end your life, John. Don’t take it for anything more than it is.”
John closed his eyes and Holmes was kneeling in between his legs, one hand rubbing soothingly up the inside of John's trembling thighs. His lips chased the trail with soft, tiny nips until he reached the apex, where John's thigh met his groin. Holmes bit down and John arched his back at the sensation, hips rolling into the bed below him, back onto the exploratory finger that skirted the rim of his anus.
John stood and made his way to Sherlock, cautiously, until he was looking up into verdigris irises, watching Sherlock watch him. "You don't have to do this, Sherlock. Your pack needs you; they need their leader."
John looked to his companion, but Sherlock's eyes were closed and his great jaw rested on the ground by his paws. His twitching ears gave him away, though.
The electricity was there when their eyes locked, consuming and magnetic, and John knew then what he'd known before.
John had to remind himself that he was doing this for Sherlock, for the Work, Sherlock's reputation,
John snickered at his friend's mollifying, though he couldn't deny the fact that Mike and Kate adored one another, and he was happy for them. He wondered if things had worked out with Sarah, would they have been the same way? The thought is sobering, and John is forced to remember that a few moments ago, he was silently rejoicing in the fact that he was single.
Sherlock couldn't remember a time he'd come across one without limits or restraints, someone unafraid to cross that threshold between accepted and illicit. Everything worth pursuing in this crushingly miserable world was done under the cover of darkness and behind closed doors. It drove Sherlock insane.
John let himself into the kitchen and pulled Irene’s tin of tea bags from the top shelf, choosing one of her less gaudy mugs to set aside on the counter. He filled the electric kettle with water and turned it on, then sat back against the counter with his arms folded over his chest.
John's hands had travelled up the nape of Sherlock's neck, cutting bloody crevasses into his skin. Sherlock's breath stuttered as he stared back at John, and a hand dislodged from his lover's bloody side and grasped at his own chest, clutching at the shirt. It hurt so bad. He couldn't breathe. What was John doing to him?
What she hadn’t been expecting was the man who answered the door.
John gasped and sat up quickly enough that the room began to spin from the sudden downward rush of blood. He waited until the lazy spiraling dispelled and quickly dressed in the nearest thing, which just so happened to be Sherlock's overly tight dress shirt, which he left unbuttoned because Mike had already seen him naked enough times that he knew about the Crane-shaped birthmark on the back of his thigh. He threw on the pyjama bottoms he wore yesterday and went to the door just as the doorknob began to rattle.
John pressed on, unwilling to be cut out of whatever game Sherlock was playing with whoever was sending the riddles. After all, it could be the same people who slaughtered his pack.
"Oh," Lestrade nodded, wiggling his fingers at John as the infant bounced excitedly in Sherlock's arms.
Jasper scoffed, pulling in a deep drag in ecstasy, eyes fluttering closed. High cheek bones hollowed out as he took a puff on the fag before answering, "Dad knows everything."
A knock at the door startled John and he jumped slightly at the surprise before clearing his throat. "Just a moment!"
At that time, the waitress just happened to be dropping off the drinks as Holmes uttered this declaration without a hint of humour. Startled, she clumsily fumbled the steaming cup of tea onto the table and the steaming liquid sloshed onto John's shirt and trousers.
“He was accused of selling black market drugs, maybe implicated in a few crimes, but somehow he got off scotch-free. Went to ground afterwards,” she recalled. “Sherlock disappeared for a bit, too. The papers published all sorts of things about him, saying he ran off with a lover. Was back in rehab. All of it vanished the next day.”
Greg clamped a hand over his mouth and nose to stifle his loud breathing, a bit disgusted with himself that he couldn't pull himself away. Truthfully, he ought to be ringing Molly up about this, seeing as she also had a bit of a thing about Sherlock and John. A few times, it might have come up before a vigorous bout of sex, which should have been weird and creepy, but it made the sex fantastic. Not that the sex hadn't been fantastic without it, but they get their kicks where they can.
"No worries at all, dear. He's just right up those stairs." She stood at the mouth of the creaky wooden staircase as John peered up them, feeling completely out of place and not just a little hesitant to go upstairs. "Well go on, dear, I'm quite sure he's there. That boy is as loud as a parade of elephants, he is."
“I don’t have a type.”
Sherlock's hips stuttered, his cock slapping against John's chin as he sought release, and John obliged, wrapping his hand around the base of Sherlock's cock as he swallowed the rest.
," John croaked out unsteadily, "is what I meant."
Now, all of those thoughts came rushing back until Greg was standing on the stairs with a hard-on, and the two oblivious blokes quickly advancing into uncharted territory right before his eyes. Maybe just a few moments more…
Sighing, John tossed the pillow on the bed and emerged out into the hallway. In the bathroom, John could hear the shower going and Mike in the other room talking to Kate on his phone. Bathroom it was, then.
John had never seen Sherlock so unsure of himself, and if the situation were different, he would have found it endearing. Now, John only wanted to console Sherlock, promise that he was there to stay.
Sherlock seemed to be the quicker of the two to recover. He rolled off of John and laid beside him on the floor, looking over to make sure he was okay.
Irene slapped his shoulder playfully, her tinkling laughter filling the room. “Oh, shush, you slutty tit!”
John was barely out of the doorframe before Sherlock was approaching and leaning past him to hand the cabbie his fare. When John opened his mouth to protest, Sherlock flashed him a dark look that said he would do no such thing.
"If you don't relax, Jasper will know the minute he walks through that door." Sherlock's face held more seriousness than John had seen since he met the man, and he wondered what he must look like to warrant such a specific warning.
"Why," John asked after a moment, finding that he was more than eager to hear Holmes' reply.
Sherlock pinched his lips together, growing frustrated, but decided against arguing. John was being stubborn and nothing he said was going to change his mind. He would have to show him instead. Sherlock pulled the rag from the water and drained it before wrapping the rag around his index finger. John closed his eyes and waited.
After he graduated, fortune swiftly came calling. Sherlock’s research had gained attention and shortly after, he was gracing the tables of managing directors for some of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the UK and fielding job offers to join top research teams.
John strolled leisurely to his front steps, finding, to his surprise, that the door was already unlocked. He turned the knob and cautiously entered, wondering if Mike just forgot to lock up.
"Back in a moment," Sherlock told him, running a hand through his curls as he stepped out into the hall. John could hear the door to the loo open, and shortly after, the sound of running water.
They were halfway into their homework when John could feel a migraine coming on, and he dropped his biro on the table to run his finger over his temples.
Once packed, John grabbed his book bag off the floor by the entrance and the duffle with everything he owned. With one last look at the empty bedsit, John walked away, leaving behind everything he'd ever known.
Victor was a coward; John didn't need to antagonize him to know that. It was his own kin that Sherlock needed to keep an eye out for. In his pack, Bill had been the alpha, and never hesitated to put one back into their place; his retribution was always swift. Bill had been a respectable man, and rarely had to assert his dominance to get people to follow him and John had admired him for that. Rarely did any of the pack members step out of form, and no one had the guts or the inclination to try and usurp Bill, but here, John could see it was a very real possibility with Sherlock's headstrong band of wolves.
Maybe one day, if John returned to his former self,
Sherlock shoved him back against a tree, using his body as an immovable wall against John's front. Unable to restrain himself, John reached up and tangled a hand in Sherlock's wet, tangled curls, pulling viciously. The taller man groaned against his lips, pushing his hips forward against John's, uncircumcised cock erect and needy.
“I haven't been with a man since I've returned to London,” John confessed.
Admittedly a bit nervous, John stood and limped his way through the pews until he was standing just outside of the doors. His hands clenched and unclenched at his sides; a nervous habit John had never been able to shuck, but it wasn't as if anyone was looking. He peered around once more and found the scenery to be just the same as when he’d first entered. One man reading the Bible glanced at him then dismissed him instantly, returning to his reading.
As his head hit the pillow, the sound of Sherlock’s low baritone cut sharply through the floorboards.
John fell asleep on the couch, still unsure of his place in the flat, and Sherlock couldn't bring himself to leave him there. He kept up a vigil throughout the night, hoping to see his lover’s face with the coming of dawn.
“The night you stayed with Mycroft, after your argument with John.” Sherlock tapped his finger against the side of the cup and thought for a second before speaking again. “He’d gotten into a physical altercation with his sister, in which there was an attempt on his life. He came back to Baker Street, and was there when I returned from Scotland Yard.” Sherlock paused, his eyes going far away and Jasper wondered if he was thinking about his time with John.
Alone was what he had now.
The man shook his head, his face ashen as Sherlock's growl took on a new level of ferocity. “I can't. He’ll—they’ll kill me if I talk to you.”
John frowned, blue eyes burning as he met Sherlock's glare without hesitation. "For all we know, he could have some kind of weapon in there!"
John rolled his eyes, no doubt knowing exactly what he was thinking. For an idiot, John was moderately perceptive, and Sherlock enjoyed the contradiction almost as much as the taste of John.
Jasper nodded as if that's what he’d expected. “He's leaving, then?”
Finally, he was stood before H3, John’s bedsit. The door was a hideous shade of green, peeling to reveal the eggshell primer beneath. The handle was worn and scratched from years of use, but still shiny from a recent cleaning, which meant John hadn’t been out often since his return to London.
John surrendered with hands raised. "Nope, not a bit."
"John, you can't," Sherlock huffed out, beseeching, low and tormented, and if that didn't alert John to the fact that Sherlock had been putting on a good farce, earlier, then nothing else would. "You could stay here, in London. I know places where Mycroft cannot see; we could meet there-"
It wasn’t much different kissing Sherlock without the cameras and crew, and Molly watching them. Sherlock kissed like a depraved man, a plundering wet tongue and sharp nips that were sure to leave John’s mouth swollen and aching. His lips latched onto John’s tongue and sucked, swallowing the belly-deep moan he’d drawn from John with ruthless efficiency.
“For all that you’re a supposed genius, I was beginning to suspect that you are inept at using your mobile. I see that my theory has been confirmed.”
He opened up a new thread and replied. He already had an inkling of who the sender could be, but he still wanted the clarification. It wouldn't do to be meeting some random stranger in a cafe.
. This situation would not have happened had you not been so stubborn about everything,” Mycroft growled, losing his composure for the first time in years, that Sherlock had heard. “You have always been and always will be your very own downfall. If John dies, it is on you. Perhaps next time, you will learn not to rush head first into the fray. Things don't always end the way you prefer them to. Goodbye, brother.” Click.
“Mum?”
“And you don’t have a problem with it?”
Sherlock chuckled in triumph as he managed to coax a whimper from John’s throat as his tongue teased the valley between John’s pectorals.
At the sound, Holmes' eyes narrowed in disapproval, managing to look austere and amused all at once. "You haven't eaten today." It was not a question, because apparently, Holmes didn't ask questions. He made demanding, matter-of-fact statements.
Sherlock's didn't deliberate for long, though his eyes, when they met John's, were bottomless. Under that gaze, his insides lit up like smouldering coals, reminding John of the unresolved tension between them. He didn't know if Sherlock would verbally acknowledge what happened in the woods, but those eyes surely didn't shy away from the truth.
"Yes," Holmes breathed, watching John closely, though he made no move to shorten the distance between them, "of course."
At first, Greg had thought it was odd. When they’d met, John was dating a lovely bird named Sarah, yet he’d walk into the flat only to see John and Sherlock snuggling on the couch like a couple of lovebirds. It used to confuse Greg a bit, but then he’d moved in and it thoroughly scrambled him.
John nodded, still not moving from where Sherlock left him standing. His small frame was perfectly straight, the line of his back tense as he waited for Sherlock’s orders. His cock stood erect in a thicket of honeyed curls.
and all the suffocating hope that came with the statement.
Before John could change his mind and hang up, that low baritone came through the line, crisp and clear. "John?"
The remaining two hunters grudgingly dropped their weapons, raising their hands slowly. The first one bent slowly to his knees, cupping his hands behind his shaved head  and glaring angrily at Sherlock's imposing form. The second man, a white haired middle aged man built like a lorry stayed standing, spitting at the ground before Lestrade contemptuously.
John bristled in annoyance, but allowed his eyes to drift back to his kin. The attempt to move forward was slow and clumsy. He felt like he was wading in deep waters, trying to place one foot before the other but his center of gravity was shaky, at best.
“Well, looks like everything is fine here. I'll let your brother know so he’ll let me get on with my real job,” Lestrade said as he headed to the door. “It's good to see you doing well, John. Sherlock, I'll let you know if I get anything up your alley.”
Sherlock knew it was just a matter of days before he would return, because he’d never been able to deny himself something he wanted… and he wanted Lady Grey. He wanted her, and the person underneath, because they were one and the same. He would kiss those lips with or without lipstick and fall into those eyes with or without eyeshadow. All of that was inconsequential, because even with all those layers, Lady Grey gave so much of herself away. She obviously had a military history. There was that short, clipped way of speaking that superior officers often acquired, and though she tried to hide it, bits of the man underneath slipped through.
Sherlock wasn't saying anything, though his eyes burned like the sun; luminescent and blinding in their intensity. It was the first time in what felt like ages that John finally had Sherlock's full attention.
Obviously the woman loved to hear her own voice, the way she nattered on, but John found himself hoping she would give up some hint as to her connection with Sherlock. "I hadn't realized he was expecting anyone. Would you like me to call him?" John kept his tone light and amiable, though the thought of seeing her with Sherlock again left a bad taste in his mouth.
"I'm thinking I made a mistake by not doing that already," Lestrade said, his expression speculative as his gaze flitted from Sherlock and back to the child in his arms.
. He slid his large hands up John's cheekbones and into his hair, creating a soft cradle for his head as he sealed their lips.
It felt like the air between Holmes and himself had risen several degrees, suffocating him. John shifted uncomfortably in his seat as he brazenly attempted to match that steady gaze.
Molly was touching herself, studying them beneath lazy lids as her hand moved beneath her knickers.
Sherlock hummed in understanding and enquired, “How many?”
"M-Mr Holmes, my name is John Watson." He stepped forward and thrust out a hand, which the older man grasped briefly in his own.
Sherlock nodded and stood, offering John the seat. “Take a look.”
"Get out," Sherlock hissed, pulling away from John's grip, only to have to steady himself with both hands on the windowsill behind him.
Sherlock.
"He's not a very nice man, Mike. Incredibly arrogant and self-serving. Why would you possibly want to interview him?" John was genuinely curious.
The men let her down as the showgirls linked arms and kicked into the air. From somewhere in the room, someone threw a rose at her and she blew a kiss that way as she did a short tango around the open space with one of the dancers who’d carried her, letting him spin her around the circle. “He's your guy when stocks are high, but beware when they start to descend. Oooo...Diamonds are a girl's best. Diamonds are a girls best. Diamonds are a girls best friend!”
John leaned with his palms flat on the desk, struggling to bring his breathing under control. Emotion warred with logic until it was all an amalgamation of half-formed thoughts swirling under a haze of anger and disappointment. One night, one person was all it took to tear down whatever rapport that John was building with Sherlock. He thought that he might love Sherlock, and hearing that Sherlock may also return those sentiments, John had been looking forward to…
John swiveled, where Sherlock was rubbing his stomach like a cat licking their wounds, and John couldn't resist the heavy eye roll he'd been holding back since the beginning of this ridiculously awkward moment.
The kitchen still smelled of Mike's last meal, toasted bread and marmite, though John didn't know how his friend could stomach the foul stuff. It left an uneasy stench as well as a bad taste in the mouth, and John was tempted to throw away the spread, just to have it out of the kitchen.
Jasper's struggles continued for a moment longer before reluctantly abating. His specs had fallen away from his face when he'd hit the ground, and now John could see the pain in his glassy eyes without the hindrance. Jasper stared back at John with enough betrayal to cause him to look away.
Victor’s father had been an American soldier who’d emigrated to the UK after the Vietnam War where he’d met Victor’s mother, an immigrant from Jamaica. Sherlock had never met him, but Victor would often talk about what he remembered of his father. He’d died of liver cancer when Victor was ten.
Lady Grey owned every woman on the stage as she moved in the centre, gliding through the steps with no effort. With each hitch up of her knees, the muscles beneath the skin of her thighs flexed enticingly.
Sherlock exhaled cool air against the damp skin he left behind, smiling. “What?”
Sherlock smiled grimly. “Not necessarily. As I relayed earlier, you
Redbeard began wasting away before his eyes. He stopped eating and became lethargic. Mycroft took one look at him and knew, knew what Sherlock didn't have the data to deduce at that age. Maybe if he had, Redbeard could have lived. They were always together, Sherlock and his hound, much more than Mycroft was home from school. Mummy and Father couldn’t have known as they were often too busy to notice what Sherlock got off into when he was bored.
John snorted, turning halfway to hide his laugh from the subjects of Sherlock's observations. Next to him, Sherlock rocked back on his heels briefly, folding his hands behind his back like smug arse that he was. The corner of his lip tipped just enough to showcase a curved dimple.
Sherlock returned the sentiment and gave no further warning before John's feet were leaving the floor. Quicker than John could follow, Sherlock had the buckle strapped around his ankle, and was moving around to lift the other.
John pulled himself away from the wall, ignoring the throbbing pain emanating from his jaw. It wasn't the first time he'd gotten roughed up by some fly guy on the streets, and it certainly wouldn't be the last. "Well, I'd better get going."
John thought about calling Harry, but decided against it. Being cussed out by one member of his family was enough for one night.
He waited with bated breath, watched as worry carved tension in John's jaw, his tongue flicker over his lips before he answered.
"You should've left well enough alone, Holmes. This isn't your problem to deal with, but it will be if you don't turn back the way you came." For all that Förstner appeared manic, his voice was sombre and steady, almost regretful. "Drop the gun, you," he demanded, jerking his arm tighter around John's neck.
Sherlock graced him with a lopsided smile, a hint of that smug, arrogance glinting in his gaze. “Eager, indeed,” he hummed. “I haven’t been ridden like that in many years, and never with such skill—oh, wipe that self-satisfied look off your face.”
He retreated into the trees to wait for Sherlock.
John squeezed the hand in his, proud for the first time in years. “John, John Watson.”
John was a small, fragile thing in Sherlock's arms, all soft, chubby skin and pink cheeks. Sherlock didn't know whether he wanted to laugh or cry, though admittedly, he never really did much of the latter, the former was bubbling up in his throat until he was chuckling tearfully. It was John,
Holmes shrugged and pointed a perfunctory finger at the menu clutched tightly in John's hands. "I noticed while you were looking over the menu, you skimmed over the other items, but lingered on the Breton Poulet. You turned the page, but bookmarked it with your finger suggesting that something on that particular page caught your interest. It's all a matter of observation, John. A child could do it.”
Sarah’s lips pulled up at the corners, a smile hovering around her lips. “Perfect. I’ve been perfect, save for the fact that I’ve been missing my friend.” She reached across the table and grabbed ahold of John’s hand where it rested beside his cup. “I really believed something bad happened to you… I mean, I stopped hearing from you—you stopped writing and all I could do was speculate.”
His stilettos clicked as he turned to check his phone one last time. He had one new message.
Sherlock banged against the door with his fist, making enough racket to alert all of Baker Street (and the married ones next door, according to Mrs Hudson) that John was
John's heart was pounding almost as loud as the alarm bells in his head, and he tightened his grip on the stem of the glass, resisting the urge to push the man away from Sherlock.
“Good,” Mycroft hummed, now back to his BlackBerry. “Let's get you home and into the shower. You're ruining my upholstery.”
Then, “Me, too,” was all Sherlock could muster. He sighed, and dipped his head until John met his eyes, moved forward into his space. Like so many other times before, Sherlock captured John’s lips, gently persuading until he opened his mouth to him.
Alone.
Thank you all for the kudos and comments! You are all so wonderful. Don't be put off if I haven't responded. I've been so busy lately, but please know that I appreciate each and every one of you that have take time out of your day to comment on my story! Anyway, on to the next chapter. It's not a very long one, but be patient. I am laying the groundwork.
Up next: Smut. Maybe some angst... maybe. This story has a mind of its own. Anyways, follow me on
Sherlock's hands threaded through the gap between his arms and thighs and anchored them on the ground, until they were pressed front to back. With every thrust, Sherlock's breath scraped across John’s chin. The hitch in Sherlock’s throat sent thrills tingling down John’s spine.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock remembered stepping into the room, unable to take his eyes off the blond haired minx on the other side of it. The sunlight was spilling through the windows, setting fire to the crown of golden strands. John looked like an angel.
These thoughts kept him awake into the early morning, until his eyes burned with the lack of sleep. Truth was, John was afraid to close his eyes. He was afraid that Sherlock would awake sometime in the night and finish what he started. John castigated himself for having so little faith in his lover, but Sherlock hadn't exactly said it wouldn't happen again, and he hadn't made excuses for the drugs. Sherlock hadn't said much of anything, but John recognized the hunger in his gaze when Sherlock would allow his glassy eyes to stray to the bedside table. It made John’s skin prickle with anxiety.
“Oh, piss off, Mycroft,” Sherlock snarled, then turned to Jasper. “I never meant to cause you any pain; it was never my intention, but I don't regret what happened with John, and it's better that you know that now.” Sherlock stood, pulling in his gloves. “Come home when you're ready-”
"Oh, for the love of- no, John, no video games."
When John reached the Sutton (Surrey) train station, his father was already waiting on the platform, speaking casually to another waiting man. This didn't surprise him, seeing as his father could talk to a wall, and the wall would probably talk back.
Murray hesitated for a long second, then nodded. “Alright,” he said in a placating tone, “no need to get tetchy.”
“I'll do my best,” John chuckled, stepping away and to the side.
Even though John had taken two showers that day, he fretted that the cloth would only grow dirty against his skin. With his frayed nerves, John thought it a possibility that he would sweat through the fabric. Moriarty’s lingering presence in the flat was rank and suffocating, and John contemplated taking a cab back to Lewisham and cancelling on Sherlock, but he knew that the madman would come for him.
John got up then, too, pulling the sheet around his waist in an attempt at modesty. It was too late for that, John figured, but if he was going to have a row with Sherlock, he would so so with his dignity intact, at least. “Sherlock, I never said that.”
Though the musk of Molly’s juices lingered on his cock, Holmes didn’t hesitate to snuggle up between John’s legs and swallow him down until he touched the back of Holmes’ undulating throat.
Sherlock was gorgeous in his midnight ensemble, and though they’d only had one another not more than an hour ago, John found himself wanting to ruffle Sherlock's neatly combed curls and pull him down.
“John!” She shouted. “John Watson!”
Sherlock's hands were hurting where they compressed John's chest, growing tired and drained of the strength it would take to keep going. He could hear boots beating against the lino in the hall, the buzz of wheels against the floor as they pushed the stretcher into the room. All of it was background noise. None of it mattered. He kept going.
John was gone. It wasn't as if he would ever be there to rebuke Sherlock for being rude. It wasn't as if he could come back. He stopped by Mrs Hudson and accepted her hug with numb arms and a blank face.
Holmes smiled, something other than humour darkening his eyes. "There is no other feeling like it." The man's voice lowered an octave deeper and John was certain there was a double entendre he missed.
Sherlock moved into action, getting his son into the floor on his stomach with one arm pulled sharply up behind his back. He leaned down to talk closely in his son's ear slowly and firmly.
John looked weary as he peeled off his jacket and toed off his shoes. His date was nowhere to be seen, so Greg could only conclude that it hadn't gone well.
Sherlock stood and walked to the cupboard and opened it, finding the kit on the top shelf. He needed to get a drop of blood from John in order to observe the rate of cell growth and whether or not it changed.  John always had a sterilized needle in his kit.
"You know, Sherlock," John spoke lowly, stepping into Sherlock's space so that they were just barely touching. "That's three times you've gotten me off, already. If you want, I'd like to return the favour."
John pulled himself away from his thoughts enough to form a coherent reply. "He wants me to fill in for his PA, to consider it a paid internship, he says."
John nodded, crossing his arms over his chest, in what seemed to be his self-defense mechanism, of late. “Whenever you are, Sherlock,” he stated.
"I'm going to go find us a table. Feel free to come join me when you're done playing with the children," Irene declared, then strut off through the tables without waiting for an answer. Holmes paid her no mind.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I'm not your mate and come down here. You're too far and I don't feel like raising my head to look at you.”
Meet me on
During this, John could see Sherlock soften just the slightest. His body language was still tense, but frosty eyes lost some of their hard edge. John wished he knew what happened, to make a man like Sherlock give in to Lestrade's appeal. Whatever Lestrade had come from, it had to have been worse than anything John had been through before the hunters came.
Sarah gave him a tiny kick with her leg, giggling at his unwillingness to elaborate. His mobile gave a soft ping in his back pocket, and John leant sideways to retrieve, wondering who it could be when all of his friends were in the one room.
The earth is sodden beneath his feet, soggy loam sucking at the soles of his trainers greedily. If it seems to crawl up the sides of his shoes, John doesn't pay it any mind, not with Bill closer than he’d been since his death. John isn't as surprised as he should be.
"I'd love to, but I couldn't leave my mum. Without me, I don't know what she would do. She can hardly take care of herself now." John sighed, pulling his legs up to his chest and wrapping his arms around them. "If something happened to her and I wasn't there, I don't think I could ever forgive myself for that."
Sherlock hesitantly tore his eyes away from the lens and regarded John impatiently. “Did you feel it when you changed?”
John's mum reminded him so much of Harriet, sometimes it hurt to look at her. He imagined if his dad thought the very same thing at times.
How long would the symptoms last, and for how much longer did he have his John before... Was there an inevitable death at the end?
and Sherlock’s warm stare. Beneath the table, he could feel the warmth from Sherlock’s calves through his trousers, where they stretched out to bracket John’s. His lips were dry, so he licked them, pulse quickening as Sherlock’s eyes followed the motion.
Lestrade froze, blinking at Sherlock and then at the baby, his features changing quickly to convey suspicion. " What the hell, Sherlock? What have you done?"
John rolled his eyes, already exasperated with Sherlock. “How is that even possible!'
John opened his mouth to speak, then stopped, swallowed. Sherlock smiled.
Holmes sat down across from him. He crossed his legs and leant back to gaze at John imperiously.
Sherlock closed his eyes and slept with John's gleeful giggles smoothing the way to a peaceful slumber.
The skin round his eyes were baggy and dark. There were no sleeping on the streets of London, lest he wake up in some unfamiliar place with a bleeding arse, and the mind-numbing fear that he'd possibly contracted any number of diseases attributed to unsafe sex.
John hesitated, looking reluctantly from Sherlock's face, to his hand, and back, unsure and feeling vulnerable.
In his room, Sherlock pulled a long wooden box from the back of his sock index, under a row of meticulously organized, colour-coded hose. Inside was a riding crop he’d bought a few years ago but never put to use. He hadn’t intended to let it go to waste, but Sherlock hadn’t been able to bring himself to use it on any of the men he paid for sex.
John stepped forward, looking to placate him, but just as fast as his fingers made contact, he found himself shoved back harshly onto the ground, falling onto his already bruised arse cheek.
Irene gives John the day to reconnect with himself. Sherlock learns more about him along the way.
Morning came all too soon and John awoke feeling just as groggy as if he hadn't slept a wink. The light that filtered through the window was pale and grey, lending the room a melancholy ambience. The spot next to John was cold and unruffled. He ignored the throb in his chest and sat up slowly, rubbing the rheum from his eyes with the palms of his hands. It was Tuesday, meaning he had a shift at the office, so John swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood on shaky legs. The room was cool, and despite his occupancy, felt unused and unwelcoming without Sherlock's presence.
Something in the way he spoke those last words made John's spine straighten in alarm. Who was this man and what happened to make him so frigid? Lestrade must have felt it too, because he swallowed before continuing on, not quite masking his wariness.
Midway through, a show ended, and more dancers spilt into the room, crowding what little space was left, and Lady Grey reached back to take his hand, her smaller one fitting perfectly inside of his.
John began to pull Sherlock’s cock in earnest until Sherlock was buckling over him, his long upper half nearly draped over John as tremors wracked through his body. “John, JohnJohn,
Jasper smiled in pride at his acting abilities or lack thereof, and turned to John. "So, when are you planning on going home."
John couldn't help but think, '
He was sure that the woman meant to be reassuring, but her attempt at mollification had the opposite effect. His insides quivered and his thoughts grew more irrational as John pondered his imminent encounter with the huge question mark that was Sherlock Holmes.
Greg sighed at the memory and pulled a box of cigarettes from his pocket, packing it before he opened the lid and tipped one out. The first drag of nicotine was delightful and warmed his throat as he inhaled, a perfect counter to the cold weather. He would call Molly tomorrow and ask her out for coffee, and if all went well, he’d make certain to warn her of his wayward flatmates beforehand - especially Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock smiled softly, crooked and charming and devoid of all the marble like quality it adopted during their row. "You care too much about what others think of you. What's between you and I, is and will always be between you and I."
," he hissed.
When Sherlock spoke, it was low and rugged, a man tempted and restraining himself. "I would never take you for a damsel, my dear John," Sherlock planted a soft, lingering kiss on his cheek and skirted his nose up until it rested beside John's, those lips at the corner of John's own. "You're a man, and when the time comes, I'll take you like one."
John flinched, lips snapping open to argue. He paused, licked his lips and tried again.
Greg had one foot on the bottom step and the other on the floor, already turning his body to follow the sound through the kitchen to the short corridor that led to the loo and John’s shared bedroom. Another series of thumps, louder and more rhythmic, like wood hitting plaster. Greg stalked through the hallway, keeping his breathing low and even as he strained his ears to hear better. If this was what he thought it was...
She hadn’t heard him approach, but was hardly surprised when Rupert knelt on the opposite side. He raked a gentle hand through John’s hair. “Never think that you can’t come and talk to us, my boy. That’s what we’re here for.” Rupert smiled, a small, sad thing. “We love you and we love Harriet, and never would we try to substitute one for the other.”
The private office lacked any kind of personal effects. There were no family pictures on the desk, or knick-knacks on the table to hint at the secret life of Sherlock Holmes. The art on the wall was generic, nothing more than a bit of decor to add to the atmosphere of the opulent surroundings.
There were fingers tip-toeing across his back, but when he turned there was nothing behind him. Just the same sticky darkness and the bark against his back. Sherlock was a frozen silhouette beside him. John waved a hand in front of the white-blue glow of Sherlock's phone screen, but Sherlock’s eyes didn't so much as flicker. He wasn't blinking.
Sherlock returned to the sofa and stretched out, already missing the weight of a small body beside him. How quickly he had already grown accustomed to this new facet of John Watson, grown attached. There was no part of John that would ever fail to fascinate him. Just the knowledge that he existed kept Sherlock pacified from that uninhibited fear and self-destruction.
He remembers that fateful summer day in the year 1935, laying eyes on John Watson for the first time. Sherlock had always been an acquaintance of the Hooper family, as well as close friends with the eldest Hooper brother, Tobias. The Hooper household was large enough to sustain the swell of visitors it accomodated that year.
"And," Sherlock chimed in expectantly.
Mycroft placed the clipboard back at the end of the bed and looked up at his silent brother. His eyes were shrewd and his lips twisted in a moue of distaste. “Sherlock Holmes, the CEO of Holmes Pharmaceuticals is in hospital after overdosing on cocaine Friday evening. That would make for a lovely headline, wouldn't it?”
This Alpha was not entirely unpleasant to behold, Sherlock mused, admittedly finding his own eyes lingering attentively on the man's tensed biceps, muscular but not overly so. He was shorter than Sherlock, but his overpowering presence more than made up for the height difference.
It turned out that the building next door to the café, housed Holmes' flat; 221 Baker Street, it read.
Of course, how could he forget?
"Yes, well, I hope you were clever enough to see this coming!" Förstner slammed his thumb down on the syringe and depressed it until all of the clear liquid released into John's veins.
“John, Doctor John Watson. Just John, really,” John rambled embarrassingly. Honestly, he was a middle-aged man; things like this didn't happen to him often.
Sherlock turned the knob and the door opened easily with barely a complaint from the hinges. He flipped the switch and an ambient glow filled the room.
. This was a bloody wank fantasy playing out.
“Girl's... best…”
“Go,” John said, pulling away and closing the glass door. “I’ll be here.”
John nodded, going off script to acknowledge a statement he thought was peculiar. "And when you say, you're not a man of the people, what exactly do you mean?"
John was breathing hard against his neck where it was still bared, beads of sweat slipping from the nape of Sherlock's neck and down his back at the contact.
Just as John was zipping up, Sarah flew into the room, a smart, black blazer in hand, and a pair of Chelsea boots he's seen Mike wear a time or two, often for dates or events. The blazer was an old one, though very well kept, that Mike could no longer fit, as he'd begun to fill out a bit since he'd bought it.
Sherlock swallowed, nodding, before he looked down at their interlaced hands, deciding. Abruptly, he stood, holding out his hand for John.
In the mirror, John's cheeks were ripe and dark from the rush of blood, and his lips, swollen and red. John didn't often think of himself as attractive, but he could imagine what a lover would see, peering down at him from above. The heat in his gaze, spit-slicked lips, and tousled blond hair; did Sherlock take pride in knowing that he could make John lose his composure, break him down until he owned every molecule of John's body.
"Apt conclusion, Mrs Hudson. There may be hope for humanity yet," Sherlock said dryly, before walking out the door, which Mrs Hudson opened for him and closed as he walked down Baker Street pushing, of all things, a pram.
John turned so that they were chest-to-chest and Sherlock's face was solemn, though his eyes stood out like twin gems. Sapphire, as they always were when Sherlock was passionate about something. "You always say that," John griped, refusing to look away and the satisfaction gleaming in Sherlock's keen gaze made his skin tingle in that familiar way. "Not everyone has a thing for average blokes."
Holmes smirked in a way that made John’s blood pressure sky-rocket. The man was bloody charming, and he knew it.
John whimpered just the tiniest bit, but it was enough to send a jolt of thrill straight down to Sherlock’s groin.
Bill’s next words were soft, yet they clamped down on his throat like pincers, and every attempt at ambiguity and avoidance flew out the window, and there was just the simple truth of his words. “You're getting distracted.”
The sound of his knuckles popping snapped Sherlock out of his reverie. His fists were tightly clenched against his thighs, stance rigid and brittle as he fought himself. John’s admission was tempting, but it was not enough. Sherlock wasn’t sure what qualified as “enough”, but at the moment, he was sure that John wasn’t in any state for emotional upheavals, so he’d leave it for the time being.
Half an hour later and John had showered, brushed his teeth again, and combed his hair a total of five times, as well as paced a hole in the floorboards.
It didn't take long to have John right where he wanted him, but to Sherlock's surprise, the boy was a bit cleverer than Sherlock had originally given him credit for. John cottoned on much quicker than was expected and he gave just as good as he got.
Mycroft, trying to lighten his load on the stairs. The ancient wood was practically screaming beneath his weight.
The door swung open, and there stood Sherlock, fully dressed and leaning against the door. Behind him, John was hitting a nail with a hammer in perfectly timed thumps. For the love of God, he thought in exasperation. He was having heart palpitations, and Sherlock, the smug git, was smirking as if he'd known what Greg had been thinking.
“Christ, Sherlock,” John spoke. “Make some noise next time, yeah?”
The air was crisp and cutting, sinking deep into his bones, and icing his lungs. John walked until he came into a familiar neighborhood; here, the dresses became revealing and the number of legal activities took a nosedive. The Christmas lights had long ago burned out here, and the holiday cheer gave way to a sense of hopelessness and despair. There were young men and women his age, even some younger, looking for work on the corner, and selling illicit drugs out of abandoned flats. Junkies crowded around burning piles of rubbish, and prostitutes beckoned men into alleys with licentious gestures, while their overseers looked on with watchful glares.
Sarah giggled a few moments more, before sobering up and poking John in the stomach. "Hey," she called softly, "seriously, how are you ever going to have Holmes eating out of your hand if you're dressed like an old codger?"
He was soaking, and Sherlock was soaking and there was a clock ticking
His face was smooth and boyish; John hated it. Maybe if he was hideous, all the grimy lads wouldn't give him any shite, and he'd be able to carry on unbothered. Without the looks, however, he certainly wouldn't be able to pay for a decent meal here and there. It was just as much a curse as it was a blessing.
The man turned away for a moment, listening, John observed. When nothing happened, he turned back to John and leaned closer to the screen until he was nearly face to face with John. His long-fingered hands pressed palm up against the screen.
Sherlock's body over John's was warm and comforting as he adjusted, and Sherlock was a master at distraction, moving up his body with serpentine grace and taking John's lips captive in a fiery kiss.
Sherlock tipped John's chin up with a finger, until John was drowning in a nearly translucent gaze, bright and predatory. Once he had John's attention, Sherlock brought his hand up to cup his cheek. "You're going to have to get my hand wet, quickly now," he urged.
The man was nothing like he pictured. Where John envisioned a middle-aged, heavy set man with a pipe, instead he was faced with a young, twenty-something, tall and oddly striking man. A mass of dark, S-shaped curls framed a thin, pale face with cheekbones sharp enough to cut.
“Click my fingers, ladies swoon.” John twirled her waiting until the small of her back returned to his palm before he dipped her. “Hottest dancer in the room.”
Greg shook his morning paper and pretended he wasn’t soaking it all in.
John smiled, encouraging Sherlock to finish, but it was as if someone pressed pause. The older man was frozen, but his eyes were a myriad of emotions, flitting from lust, to surprise and confusion, and back again, like a color wheel.
Sherlock’s eyes had barely left him and even in the faint light provided by the street lamps, they penetrated him to the very depths.
“Not anywhere near where I took that picture,” she answered. “I just thought you’d like to know your pet is back in London. And looking a little damaged.”
son,” John said, smiling a bit at the thought. Jasper and Sherlock were a lot more alike than either of them cared to admit. “Why are you really here, Sherlock?”
John focused on breathing, calm, steady breaths to chase away the nausea. Mike hadn't emerged from the pub, but he could see that his flatmate had sent him a few text messages.
"Jim Moriarty was here today," Sherlock stated calmly, assuredly, as if he were only commenting on the weather. The minute Sherlock had begun to speak, John could feel his breath lock up in his chest and his bare body go cold in realization. John tensed, and closed his eyes tightly, angry with himself for withholding the information in anticipation of sex. Stupid,
John felt his breath come in quick, his body shifting and snapping back to its human form, naked and vulnerable, and the last of his energy depleted. He could feel he had been severely wounded by the attack from the black wolf and the hunter. If these feral werewolves wanted to kill him, it would be no trouble for them at all; John was weak and probably dying. The hunters who had been chasing him for hours had just been taken down quickly and viciously by a group of wolves with numbers and the intent to eradicate. John knew he was next and he would rather not be conscious for this bit. The darkness was already closing around the edges of his vision, so John closed his eyes and allowed it to swallow him.
By the end, even John found himself gasping quietly as the tense silence between the two men stretched on for an interminable number of minutes. That had been the single most hateful thing John had ever heard anyone say, and he wondered how is it that anyone would willingly follow a callous, uncaring man like Sherlock Holmes.
“I thought you might want to see those,” Jim announced, his voice loud and boisterous in the quiet room. “You see, I always knew I'd have a reason for them and Sherlock always did have a love for all things having to do with the arts. He considered me his canvas; his best one yet.”
He reclined on the couch and took up his meditation pose.
Immediately, Sherlock could see Jasper bristle in defensiveness, his green eyes rising to glare at his father as he folded his arms defiantly over his chest. “What's that supposed to mean?”
exactly he had planned was inconclusive. Two, he would see there was no getting past John and his trigger finger, and wisely allow himself to be restrained until the Yard came to collect him. Three, Förstner would die attempting something foolish.
The way that Sherlock’s eyes gleamed mischievously alerted John that there was a possibility he knew exactly what he was thinking.
It reeked of old blood and decay, and decomposers come to feast. For the first time, John cursed his heightened senses.  The only other sound was the jubilant chirping of a robin singing its song high and loud, one short legato followed by a series of crisp, staccato notes. It reminded him of Mike Stamford, his pack brother and comrade, who had valued all life. John would spend nights sitting outside with Mike, listening to him prattle on about his time in London while the roe deer peeked cautiously around the trees and a tawny owl stared down at them superciliously from atop the great oaks. Sometimes, John would bask in the silence and often Bill would join him, one large hand resting possessively on the small of his back as they lost themselves in the constellations their ancestors once worshiped.
Then, the tip of a finger was pressing inside, and John was breathing deep against the odd sensation. It was a feeling unlike anything he'd felt before; not unpleasant, yet the breach of Sherlock's digit in his arse would take some getting used to.
"Yes, yes. I'm aware." Sherlock scowled, angry with himself for not recognizing the symptoms before. Whipping around towards the window, Sherlock ran jittery fingers through his already chaotic hair.
At twenty-three, John's life was over before it even began.
Sherlock froze, unsure whether to congratulate first or search Victor’s person for a ring he couldn’t have possibly missed. Not to say that he wasn’t happy for his friend, but it didn’t move him in any particular way.
It didn’t take long before they were back in Baker Street, where there was considerably less talking.
Tweedledum and Tweedledee drop his arm unceremoniously, and John slumps onto the urine soaked ground. He hears their steps echoing through the alley as they retreat, and Alfie's loud, obnoxious voice proclaiming his outrage.
John returned her smile with a grateful, if a bit strained, smile of his own, fondness and gratitude warming the space just below his sternum. “Actually Mrs Hudson, I wondered if you might have a spare key to Sherlock's bedroom. He's been in there since we returned, but he isn't responding when I call. I'm a bit worried…”
John moaned, hitting his head back against the bark of the trees behind him. The feeling of his cock against Sherlock's was heady and tortuous. God, he needed this, hadn't felt this since Bill, but he couldn't bear to think of his former lover now, when Sherlock was ready to have him against this tree, in these unfamiliar woods.
Stamford watched him, he knew, but Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off the display. There were three stages, each of them showing a different scene. In the middle, a group of showgirls twirled around the stage in unison, their heads held high and posture perfect, even with the added weight of the large, feathered headdress. Which, frankly, was not at all flattering. On the second stage, a woman in a mask walked a man on a chain, pulling as he got close to the edge of the stage. In her other hand was a whip she used to tap him lightly on the back.
John quirked an eyebrow, slowly setting his cup down on the table. “Tonight?”
Shaking his head, he turned back to Sherlock, who was observing him as he leaned against the vanity with his arms crossed over his chest.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed into slits, sliding over John's face, the other man feeling flayed and vulnerable under the scrutiny. "John Watson, is that jealousy I detect?" His tone was cynical and John felt the beginnings of vexation creeping up on him. He knew Sherlock was in a black mood and trying to rile him up, but John wasn't going to bite the bait; he pleaded with himself not to. "Oh John, if you wanted me to bed you, all you had to do was ask," Sherlock breathed in a rumbled purr.
John didn't close his eyes until the very last second, refused to look away from the steel grey specks in Sherlock's eyes, the way his hoods lowered until John could barely see through the dark fringe of lashes between. He was beautiful.
"Get off me," Jasper hissed through gritted teeth, face pressed painfully against the floor.
Sherlock ran a finger from the base of John’s sternum down, following the line of his stomach, stopping just over his navel.
“Yes, yes, you said.”
When Saturday evening came, John was unsure whether he should even bother going back Monday; would it be wise to torture himself that way? Was he simply overreacting? After all, it had only been a day. Maybe it was the fact that he'd so willingly given his body to Sherlock, and in that, John felt that surely he should have received some confirmation that it wasn't just a romp in the sheets or fulfilling of a conquest.
John chuckled, shaking his head. Fortunately, he had a button up beneath his cardigan. Damn. It was also his favourite cardigan, but John couldn't very well walk out of the confessional with semen on his hands.
"You're a bit intimidating," John murmured, afraid that if he spoke any louder, the moment would be broken.
John looked around the silent room, feeling very much out of place being in someone's home without them present. Even with all the clutter, though, the flat had a very homely atmosphere where the little bedsit he shared with his mother and older sister, Harry, always felt cold and impersonal.
Rupert, entering from the backyard, noticed her distress immediately and rushed to her side as Julia sank down onto the couch.
Steadily, those wicked hands traversed until they were cupping Sherlock's buttocks, cradling them in a firm hold, moving with Sherlock's motions.
He pulls those scandalising trousers down to reveal a smooth, blushing derrière that makes his cock stand.
he represented?
Within five minutes of walking (too much involved to release John from the pram
"I've finally managed to get an interview with Sherlock Holmes, of Holmes Pharmaceuticals, and this is one I can't cancel on."
Soon, Greg was spending less time at the flat on Montague and more time with Molly. She was a sweet girl with an even temper and a hell of a personality buried beneath layers of social awkwardness. Greg thought that he could come to love her and it wouldn't be hard when it finally happened. Molly was beautiful in all the right ways and if things worked out, their career choices would cross paths at some turn.
Behind him, John could hear a soft exhale, but what he did not expect, was the soft puff of air on his neck.
“Yes,” Sherlock hissed, head bending, body lurching forward as John’s throat constricted around his cock. “Just like that, yes, yessss.”
Mrs. Hudson sat the dishes down on the table while the named parties stood in varying degrees of alarm (Lestrade and John) and exasperation (Sally). "Where are you off to now? You've only just returned!"
Like sand in the wind, the fallacy was swept away and Sherlock was alone in a hotel room, smoking his life away and tossing off in front of a window overlooking Big Ben and the London Eye.
"I know Mycroft; he will only offer something he could use to his advantage. You're leaving, so I can only come to the conclusion that you will accept."
Sherlock couldn't breathe, couldn't think past the fuzz in his brain, John's name whirling round in his head on repeat. He'd miscalculated. It couldn't be right. Sherlock would not let it be the end of his time with John, not after everything they'd been through together.
Then, John was pushing him away and there was a surge of
flat. This was the stranger Sherlock met in the lab, the one that was on the verge of suicide and the very same one who’d gained redemption through two glass panes in an entirely different building.
Sherlock ignored the man, placing a hand on the small of John's back as the doorman opened the door to allow them inside. The photographer snapped a picture, anyways. Men and women were dressed in their finest, but comfortable among colleagues as some cackled loudly among their groups while others spoke in low, sophisticated murmurs. Lovefool played at a subdued volume beneath the hum of voices, which a few people were dancing drunkenly to.
"In this room?"
“Fine,” John smiled at his partner, still in awe that someone like Sherlock could be interested in someone like him. He was—
“Sherlock,” John warned. If the man was telling the truth, then Sherlock might be intending to harm an innocent human. “Sherlock, he may be telling the truth. If we listen to him, he could have more information for us—”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes down at his former lover, ire a whirring, blistering machine in the pit of his belly; lust, a sinister underline of every addled thought.
"This flat is the embodiment of you,"John stated with a wry smile.
As much as he loathed to admit it, Sherlock needed John. And despite what he’d said during the confrontation, Sherlock cared for him above all others.
“Oh, and one more thing. Don't bury me next to Harry. The wench will never let me sleep peacefully.” Bill's laughter was a wispy breeze that faded as his presence did. For a moment, John felt the soft press of lips against his own, and then it was gone.
John sighed and laid back on the couch, turning to face the back cushion and closed his eyes. His dreams, for once, weren't unpleasant.
Behind him, John murmured unintelligibly, turning onto his side, facing Sherlock's back. Sherlock turned his head slightly, his gaze roving over John's slack features with something akin to affection warming his belly.
Sherlock scoffed, loud and baleful, a sound that cut through the air with a sharp ring. "If Jasper wanted to be found, he would have done already. What you can do, is make tea."
In the bedroom, John distinctly heard his ring tone sound off so he did what every smart man in a hairy situation would do. He let the phone ring and ring and ring.
"Get in," Lestrade ordered, and for once, Sherlock took the passenger seat without a word.
"Thank you, John," Sherlock spoke softly, bringing John's attention back to those supple lips, and the light smirk that played on them. As much As John fought against Sherlock, it was so damned easy to fall into him. It would be such a simple feat to surrender, allow Sherlock to take control. John had never slept with a man before, but he was sure that his employer would teach him all the ways in which to pleasure a man in a thousand different manners. John ached for that. His eyes flicked up involuntarily, catching on the ones boring into him from above. They were hungry and assessing, and John wouldn't be surprised if his own were, also.
The itch was still there under John's skin, like fingertips skimming softly over every surface of his body, but the pain in his chest overrode it all. He didn't cry; he just felt... numb.
He peered up under his lashes, desperate to see the desire in Sherlock's pale gaze. Sherlock didn't disappoint.
Lestrade frowned in dismay, looking up at Sherlock from under lowered brows, but the steady stream of words from the pack alpha continued unhindered. "Following the squabble from the day before, I returned to the clearing and found these, which also may shed some light on your idiotic brains as to how crucial this situation has become." The man held out his hand, unfurling his fingers to reveal three tiny silver balls, not much larger than an orange seed, but John still felt his eyes widen at the sight of it. The room grew quiet, as all waited with bated breath for Sherlock to explain.
“Do you still feel the same, after having to change my nappies, that is,” John teased, but the way his fingers tapped nervously on the arms of his chair told of his anxiety.
Sarah was afraid for him. The bones of his fingers protested between her grip, but John didn't pull away. “John, you can't possibly be thinking of going through with this,” Sarah pulled away in indignation, her lashes fluttering as she stared at John in disbelief. “He's a madman, John! If anything, you should be taking this to the police; he's threatening you!”
After leaving Tesco, Sherlock finally conceded to the fact that he would have to take a cab to get to Barts. The tube was usually overcrowded and a cesspool that he was loath to expose John's new fragile condition to. The one good thing about the pram, Sherlock found, was that he could stow the milk in a compartment at the bottom and hope not to forget about it, lest he have to make another unnecessary trip back to Tesco.
No breath.
Sherlock threw up his hands and prepared to stalk off, not at all sure if hiring John Watson would be beneficial to his business or his health.
John lifted his nose to the air and sniffed delicately, searching for possible danger up ahead,where a bulb swung ominously over the dim staircase, but all he could smell was the woodsy scent of his companion and his own unwashed person. If there was one thing he would kill for right now, it was a hot bath to ease his aching muscles, and clothes to cover his bare body.
John snickered. “Don't let them hear you say that.”
"Shut. Up!" John winced away from Jasper, unable to recognize his friend in his rage.
Sarah closed her eyes and sighed loudly in exasperation, but when she opened them, they were a soft, brilliant green that reflected compassion. “I don't
“We need to keep moving. The hunters can't be far behind,” said Sherlock, adjusting the strap of his bag over his chest as he turned on his heel and strode forward.
“Well, you certainly will have some explaining to do to your father,” Mycroft said lightly.
John shivered at his words, a full body tremble that made his bones quake. Sherlock was doing him in with his words alone, but John was as close to heaven as he was ever going to get with Sherlock's fingers prodding relentlessly against his prostate.
Before John could say something that could potentially be stupid and thoughtless, Sherlock cut in. "As stimulating as I find this dull little interrogation to be, John and I have prior engagements, if you don't mind."
Irene smiled gamely. “You're right, I don't, but I do know that you can be a stand-offish wanker when you want to be. As your friend, I'm warning you not to cock this up.”
Brash, as always, and thoughtless, but Mycroft thought of those things rather fondly. Sherlock wouldn't be nearly as much fun to prod at if he weren't any of those things.
It wasn't the first time John had to sell his body for money, but some nights, it paid for the meals, and if he was very lucky, maybe a roof over his head on the cold evenings.
It reminded her of a beautiful, round-faced toddler with cornflour hair, following her round the house. John had been a precious child and later in life, a considerate, lovely young man. Then he’d gone and Julia would spend hours sitting in her son’s vacant room, staring at his pictures on the wall because it was all she had to keep herself sane.
The sensual memory of Sherlock standing behind him, the warmth of his hardness pressed against the small of John's back, replayed itself like a silent film in his mind's eye. It brought back the nervous flutters in his stomach, and unfortunately, caused his pants to sit a bit uncomfortably against his affected groin.
John found that he could not say a word under Irene's scrutiny. Her presence was like a sweltering, suffocating fog in the room; heavy and domineering. For such a small woman, she struck John as an imposing figure, one that very many wouldn't cross. Though Irene portrayed herself as a beautiful, quick-witted temptress, just underneath, her green eyes were hard like diamonds; cold and impenetrable. It was the same deep nothingness he couldn't help but notice whenever he looked into Sherlock's, and John wondered if this was where Irene and Sherlock's roads met. Could they both be of the same character; cold, callous powerhouses that were simply looking for the next interesting thing to come their way?
John smirked, “Well I can't both talk and suck a cock, Sherlock.”
John moved forward, concerned that Sherlock might be getting sick, but Sherlock sidestepped his touch and was turning to head back into the room, murmuring about calling a cab for John.
Holmes took John to a quiet little café a fifteen minute cab ride away from the neighborhood.
'Exceptional.' John remembered Sherlock saying the same thing when they... rather, right before he kissed him, and every time, it never failed to redirect his blood flow.
Sherlock couldn’t dispute that. John wasn’t the same man as he was before. No longer naïve and blinded by sentimentality. He was a trained killer, had handled a gun many times, going by the state of his hands. There was no reason for Sherlock to think that John was harmless any longer, but neither would he be barred from seeing him whenever he so chose. Work and consulting with the MET kept him properly busy, but if evening trips were what it took to see him, then however inconvenient it might be, Sherlock would do it.
In their battle for dominance, Sherlock ended up trapped on his back and pinned between John’s legs, the length of his long cock resting snug and hard amid John’s arse cheeks.
Then again, a holiday sounded like a splendid idea. It also sounded like plenty of spectacular, mind-blowing sex.
The older man's eyes squinted through the darkness, assessing his answer before letting it slip past his lips, scanning John's tone and body language, and weighing his words carefully. "The night I met you and saw how my son looked at you, I had every intention of sending you away. You are his weakness and I couldn't figure you out, what it was you wanted from him."
Wait.
The tone of his voice varied from hopelessness to anger, dropping an octave the longer he spoke. “I just want to see him.”
Jasper’s eyes grew wide behind the replaced glasses. “What?” he asked, sitting up, and it was just calm enough to reveal the panic in his green eyes. Before things could get out of hand, Mycroft hastened to smooth things over.
“Tea would be excellent,” Victor replied, collapsing into his seat with a huff. “God, if I’m not careful, I might just take a kip in this chair.”
John turned and stared down into the water, cupping the liquid and watching it trickle between his fingers. Sherlock's arm was a comforting brace round him, careful to avoid pressure against his nipples.
Sarah smiled, shaking her head. “No, we’re just short on hands today. Brenda’s out sick. She’s in charge, but I’m standing in her place today, I guess you can say.”
! How could he say no, even with the knowledge that he was being ruthlessly manipulated?! John wasn't even sure he wanted to say no. The fact that Sherlock wanted to take him to a public function was flattering; a man who valued his privacy yet never secreted John away like some mistress (which he blanched at being referred to as). No, John was no blushing mistress and Sherlock was no gullible, wealthy man being duped. He
John with him, and John wanted nothing more than to be there.
But in the light of day, it stretched his insides taut with anxiety. Now that John had agreed to stay, Sherlock would take care of him. He would pay Mrs Hudson to feed him up, three meals a day and more if that was what he wished, so long as Sherlock never had to see the sharp relief of John’s ribs and spine.
There were trails of dark streaks leading to the sitting room, where John would find the bodies in whatever state they may be. The sharp thump of Sherlock's boots approaching made his back stiffen. Before yesterday, John hadn't given any thought to burying his kin in any way but alone. Sherlock was the unexpected variable, the last person John would have expected to volunteer, to leave his pack in the care of a surrogate alpha. John knew it wasn't pure altruism. If Sherlock didn't find the head of the snake and cut it off, his pack would die next. But… there was something in the way he looked at John the night before, the way he’d enquired of John's plans to stay. Sherlock wanted him, John knew, but John wasn't even sure he was ready for anything, for another alpha.
Sherlock watched, chest heaving as John lowered his hips. Sherlock pressed back into the floor and willed John to push into him. With his eyes closed, Sherlock waited for the inevitable-
John began to shake his head. “Sherlock, I can’t―”
John’s neck was corded as he tilted it back, and Sherlock could see his pulse thumping in his neck. He was fighting an orgasm, which was all well and good, but Sherlock wanted to feel that wet heat spilling on his stomach.
John nodded, reaching for the phone as he day down in his seat.
John swallowed, swiping a sandy tongue over his dry lips.
John circled his free arm around Sherlock's shoulder until they were embracing fully.
John blinked rapidly, eyes fluttering closed briefly as memories of his dead kin and ruthless hunters flashed across his mind in a rapid sequence. He opened them, only to see that man staring back at him, those eyes telling a story not too much unlike his own.
John thought that accepting Sherlock's proposal would mean a lengthy, detailed discussion of boundaries, wherein, his employer turned lover would lay out rules for whatever it was they were headed towards. John hadn't expected to get his way, but this was beyond all of those trivialities.
"Will you stay?" Sherlock asked quietly, pale eyes boring into his own, looking for the answer.
It had been possibly the biggest performance of his career, and the only thing that John could think about was seeing Sherlock again. There was nothing like baring himself to a crowd, being at their mercy, and being awarded their adoration. He should feel more than this building anticipation!
John lifted his hands up and faced his palms out in appeasement. "Sorry, just reading from the paper."
Sherlock’s hands were just beginning to explore when John shoved him away, both of them trying to catch their breaths. “I just need to lock- lock the door,” John said, and would have turned to make his way, if it weren’t for the gentle grip on his wrist.
Sherlock carefully placed his phone on the counter and regarded John steadily. "You can tell them what you like, John. In fact, I'd like to know how you intend to explain that as well."
God, his head was pounding.
Mycroft held his gaze for a moment, until Sherlock turned on his heel and left the room. No apology, but what else had he expected from Sherlock? Sherlock rarely did anything and felt the need to apologize for it. He didn't get that sort of thinking from their parents, so it had always been a curiosity to Mycroft where such behaviour stemmed from.
“From a Mr Mortimer Tregennis in Cornwall. He claims he played a game of Poker with a group of siblings - a woman and her two brothers. When he returned later in the day, the sister was dead while the brothers allegedly laughed hysterically and continued to play cards.”
Jasper sank deeper into the seat, this time pulling his legs up to his chest in a protective manner. He didn't agree, but his shoulders slumped in surrender.
Sherlock's gentle words spoken so soothingly against his flesh, were a balm, smoothing over John's frayed nerves, calming him. John nodded, and with his consent, Sherlock slung the leather cuffs over the hook that held the bar and wrapped each wrist in a cuff. The inside of the cuffs were lined with fur for added comfort and resistance against chafing; it was a relief, if John was right about Sherlock's idea. Sherlock had him lift his upper body to test the durability of the chain, before they moved on to the next sequence.
Sherlock groaned, unable to stop the stuttering of his hips as John clenched down on his erection. With vigour, he renewed his thrust and pushed in until John's body was bucking against his, the added sensation of Sherlock's silk shirt running against his clamped nipples, painful.
The only sound to permeate the silence was their tremulous breaths as Sherlock was drawn inside of him. His prick was long, thick and lovely; no space was left unfilled.
Sherlock was lost in his thoughts as usual, and John wasn't too keen on interrupting him, also lost in his own head.
“Uh-uh!”
texting, which he knew Sherlock preferred. "I hear your diet isn't going well for you, Mycroft. You nearly put a hole through the stairs on your way up. Rest assured, Mrs Hudson would have your head for that; not mine."
Their last encounter had been forceful and terrifying it its intensity. Neither of them had been able to see past their respective emotions. It had been erratic and devastating, but the next time couldn’t be that. John could barely grasp hold of himself, how could Sherlock, in his right mind, add a layer onto his load?
John was not relieved when the woman left. That meant it was just Holmes and himself left to hash it out, and John wasn't quite sure what the man would do now that they were alone.
Sherlock wasn't pushing him to answer, and John wasn't rushing to, but he already knew that he would accept. The moment they stumbled through the door, 221B Baker Street felt like home, and John didn't want to leave the relative comfort of the flat to turn back to the streets. He wanted a home, he wanted a real life, and that’s what Sherlock was offering him.
Sherlock had been ready to propose the idea, seeing John's lips wet and shiny with champagne. An image of John from earlier that night came unbidden to his mind, his lips wet with something much different, but before he could pursue that line of thought, they were interrupted once more.
“Hello, Mr. Holmes.”
He hissed, hand wrapped around John’s nape as he thrust his tongue as far into his mouth as it could go, slamming the door shut with the other. The distinctly uncomfortable pang of hurt was thrumming away in his chest and the heat in his groin warmed pleasantly at the hardness of John’s cock pressed against his thigh. He still remembered what made his lover jump, the algorithm to the perfect climax for John Watson. Despite his anger, Sherlock ached to bring him to the pinnacle and hold him there, then bring them both crashing down to a stupefying conclusion, panting and wet.
It took him a moment to remember where he was and who he was with. In his peripheral, John didn't look pleased, and Sherlock thought that he must have looked a fool just standing there while Jim berated his partner. Without further demur, Sherlock faced his opponent.
Finally, John looked away and sank diffidently into the seat, holding tightly to the handle of his cane. Sherlock dropped his eyes for a moment to regroup and allow John to settle in his seat without feeling judged.
Jim's eyes lit up like a kid in Christmas. “Oh, this is precious. Don't tell me you're trying to keep this one,” he said, flinging a finger at John without so much as a glance. “Oh, well…,” Jim sighed, his head moving in a vaguely reptilian motion as he fixed Sherlock with his empty gaze. “You’d better tread carefully, Sherlock. Wouldn't want all of your little secrets to come back and slap you in the face, now would we?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John hadn’t uttered a syllable since they left his bedsit. He’d stared out the window as the cab took them down nearly vacant streets, eyes flickering unseeingly over late night stragglers.
John turned slightly, angling his body so that he could see Sherlock. The man was grinning down at him, his shoulders less drawn up than they had been since the last time they were in 221C. "I don't know- I mean I don't know if it makes me weird, but I liked it."
The hall opened up to the main room, which was set up to appear more like a hotel lobby than the sex club that it really was. There was even an information desk, which Sherlock approached, flashing a tight smile to Kate, Irene's personal assistant.
"You're my best friend, Jas, but you really don't know as much as you think you do." His words were spoken not unkindly, but Jasper looked chastised none the less, arms dropping to his sides limply. "I promise, I'll be in touch later. Thanks for letting me kip on your sofa Mr. Holmes." With a smile to his friend and a friendly nod to the man silently absorbing the conversation, John turned and swept out of the room.
A dark haired man with long, angular features and a sharp nose held upwards pompously, sneered in disagreement. "No way, isn't this the bloke that lead those bloody hunters straight to the den?"
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively before he turned to the hallway, calling over his shoulder. "Don't be boring, John, I like you much more when you're not saying stupid things."
, who kicked my arse into gear so that I can present this chapter to all of you!
Instantly, the air between them grew thick with suggestion, neither of them daring nor willing to look away first.
“I'll be out in a moment,” Sherlock shouted through the door, glad that at least his voice didn't tremble. “Make tea, please!”
“John,” he heard from the other room, Sherlock, the only other occupant in this dead house.
to live for but the war that was surely heading his way.
John reinstated some of his control as he slipped forward and lowered his lips to her cunt, the tip of his tongue nudging against her clit. Holmes came around, shirt unbuttoned to reveal a chest as fine and smooth as ivory, peaked nipples and the long pale column of a neck John couldn’t wait to sink his teeth into.
Irene laughed, the sound coming out a bit choked. She pulled back, cupping his cheeks in her hands. “I know, but you were fabulous, my dear. Now let’s get you touched up, so you can go and meet your fans.”
“I-” John wouldn’t meet his eyes, not until Sherlock forced him to with a finger to tip his chin up. “What about Moriarty? Are you going to let him go?”
Holmes bent to whisper in his ear, his breath warm and teasing over John’s skin. “You were marvelous. Perhaps we can discuss future collaborations over dinner, if you’re amenable.”
! You are amazing and thank you so much for this time consuming, thoughtful, WONDERFUL gift!
Sherlock stood, buttoning his jacket as Victor sauntered in, confident and raffish in his floral print suit and unbound locks. He threw a dimpled smile toward Liam as the boy lingered in the doorway, fidgeting.
Sherlock felt triumphant and John was
Sherlock moaned around his nipple, his hips jerking forward in a single thrust before he pulled back, licking his lips. "Exceptional," he breathed, as if he'd tasted a fine palate. "You are truly a wonder, my dear Watson."
Janine paused, her shining, espresso eyes widening, before her features smoothed easily back into the polished exterior. "Certainly, sir, I'll get right on that."
“I’m not.”
John was quaking through his own release, his back muscles spasming as he moaned into the mattress. The scar moved, too, undulating as John’s shoulder shifted, and Sherlock thought the sight an enchanting one.
quickly."
He hissed as John bore down and spread his legs to pump his hips up in vehement thrusts. John moaned as his prostate was prodded, and bit Sherlock’s lips with sharp, teasing nips.
Sherlock watched her closely, growing impatient as he waited for Molly to finish her stumbling explanation so that he could flay her with his words for lying to him. "What," he snapped, "quit stalling and spit it out, woman!"
Sherlock fell asleep knowing that it wouldn't be long.
This person had sent the messenger fully intending for him to be killed. Once the message was relayed, of course. Judging by Sherlock's reaction to it, death wasn't off the table for the young human.
Why couldn't he have this? Why couldn't he have
Sherlock leaned his head against the back of the chair as if he were exhausted. "According to Lestrade, I've managed to help them put away every small-time criminal in London. That, or they're getting smarter about covering their tracks, which is highly doubtful. The level of stupidity on their part is painfully appalling."
Jim smiled, if only to keep the startled man on edge. He really didn't see what Sherlock found so attractive in his new, little puppy, but Jim looked, all the same. Bland, bland, bland.
Ugh, John hated sets that actually involved his feet leaving the ground, but what the madame wanted, the madame got.
"Please, no stories, dad," John begged, to which his father laughed jovially and retreated to the kitchen to help his wife with the dishes.
Why didn't he feel any different about Sherlock now that he knew what the man really wanted from him. Not only did Sherlock intend to take John to bed regularly, he wanted John to be his submissive, to surrender and trust him.
"Agreed," the blond assented softly. "We've only just settled here, and already they've found us." Sherlock turned sharp, assessing eyes onto the fair haired man, a silent conversation seeming to be taking place between the two.
It didn’t take long to escalate, and soon, they were piling out of the shower, having rushed through it with efficient swipes of the sponge. The bed was damp beneath their wet bodies, but neither of them paid it any mind.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sat back in his chair across from Victor, already growing weary of the conversation. “I'm sure I don't know what you're referring to.”
“Sherlock, how nice-”
Sherlock grunted against him as he fucked John with nothing but his lips and tongue, pressing deep enough to make John's voice deepen an octave. He pulled away, only to nip John's arse playfully before dipping his tongue into John's slick opening.
Sherlock sighed loudly beside him, eyes rolling dramatically, heavenward, beseeching. "Great, now that we've concluded the niceties, would you care to serve the food now, Mrs. Hudson," he snarled, picking up his phone, albeit, just to spite the elderly woman.
John gagged immediately, covering his nose with the sleeve of his shirt as he surveyed the ramshackle room and the deteriorated corpses. What was left of his kin had been picked upon by scavengers, and upon close inspection, a home for smaller organisms. John turned, watching as Sherlock took it all in with dispassionate grace, but his eyes were lit like torches. With some disgust, John even noted that Sherlock seemed somewhat excited as he leaned forward to examine the bodies. Sherlock's long, slight frame circled the room like a bird of prey, peering down at the emaciated corpses, though he - barely - refrained from touching.
Sarah swallowed and placed the bag of pastries on the table. Whatever appetite John did have, swiftly flew out the door the moment he'd seen what the tabloid said.
Sherlock's hand was half hidden in shadow, but Greg could clearing see it moving between John's spread thighs. He was palming John through his pyjama pants, large pale hand rubbing greedily over John's crotch.
Sherlock was expecting this question. He smiled placidly and tilted his head, allowing his unwavering gaze to tell the truth. “Perhaps that is a road you should steer clear of.”
John dropped his bag on the floor, frowning. No mum, no Harry; the bedsit was as lonely as lonely could get.
Sherlock watched her as she placed the tray in the table. Tea, sandwiches and a bowl of soup. Sherlock had never felt so grateful for Mrs Hudson.
On the opposite end, the dark wolf was a ferocious opponent and dangerously territorial. When the time came, John had no doubts that the alpha would be at the front line, ready to fight for the lives of his pack. John thought back to the night he had the misfortune of attracting Sherlock's attention, and struggled to repress the shudder at the gruesome memory. He may have shown John mercy that night, but he held no illusions about what the endgame would be if he crossed Sherlock.
When John emerged from his bedroom, Mike was already slipping on his worn out trainers and a thin billfold into his pocket. "Yes, Kate, I promise I won't get drunk. Yes - yes, love, tomorrow evening, I won't forget."
A deep breath. “Yes, well... Physically, Sherlock will be fine, but psychologically, we won't know for certain what state he will be in until he is conscious.” Sherlock could hear Mycroft's overpriced shoes sliding over the lino as he stopped somewhere near the bed. “Mr Holmes, I would recommend a rehabilitation centre for your brother, or at the very least, counseling. Had you not shown up when you did, your brother would have lost his life.”
An hour and two cups of tea later, there was still no sign of Holmes. John and Janine chatted cordially while she worked through a stack of papers and answered the occasional phone call.
Nervously, John cut his eyes to the yellow envelope sitting innocuously on the coffee table where he’d left it. He swallowed and held Sherlock's hand tighter, allowing himself to be led through the kitchen and into Sherlock's room. Moriarty would have to wait.
But that would never be the case.
Sherlock hands were gripping the back of John's shirt desperately, his lips soldered to John's at this point as he licked into John's mouth, caressing. John loved the way he tasted, craved it more than any caffeine. He pursued it zealously, moaning as the hardness of Sherlock's erection pressed against his inner thigh. Sherlock grunted against his lips as John's teeth scraped against his tongue, touched Sherlock’s arse with venturing fingertips.
It sat heavily at the back of his throat, but Sherlock didn't know what it was… until he did.
On the way to the city, Julia kept reminding herself of that in the hopes that it would soothe her worries, but every instinct told her otherwise.
Sherlock nodded, his eyes flicking down to John’s moistened lips. “Good, one of us has to,” he whispered, and pushed John onto his back. He hoped to keep him there for the rest of the night.
He returned with a small "hm," and continued feeding John, the formula already down to half.
Sherlock's eyes were a nearly translucent mix of blue-green-grey and as conflicted as John had ever seen them. Not for the first time that night, he wished he could hear what Sherlock was thinking but even following their shared exploration, he could see there was a part of him that Sherlock was not sharing. John may never get that part but that didn't mean he wasn't curious to know. Sherlock clearly had no idea what he was doing and everything concerning sentiment from that point forward would be that much more difficult, because a confused Sherlock Holmes was not a satisfied one.
"Mike?" He grumbled into the phone, voice deep and raspy from disuse. "Everything alright?"
In the end, Murray had been taken away directly for surgery, and he lived, but he would never fight again. Murray was invalided back to England. John thought about the hopeless look in Murray's eyes and realized that he didn't want to be relegated to that same fate. John had to resign himself to the logic that it was either his life or the insurgent's, and when he looked at it from that angle, John couldn't castigate himself for doing what he had to.
John breathed deeply, nodding in acknowledgment and thanks to the elderly woman.
Jasper looked at him with something like pity before he straightened, his lips curling into a grin. “Well, can't say it's not good to see your pretty face round here,” Jasper teased, finally pulling his hands out of his pockets.
"Sherlock," John breathed, excited. There was a tremor building up inside of him, not outwardly noticeable, but voracious and uncontrollable like a wildfire. Tendrils of flames licked at his insides, igniting him.
Sherlock didn't answer right away. He took his time mulling over the question, though outwardly, John didn't see much of a change from his carefully constructed nonchalance. When he finally did answer, John couldn't help but hold his breath.
"Morning, Mr. Holmes," John returned, hoping to slip past Holmes, and to his seat without too much of a problem. The man had strategically placed himself on the side of the desk, so John would have to brush by in order to sit at the desk. For a man so intelligent, it was glaringly obvious he'd set a trap for him, but John was determined not to allow Holmes to win.
Lestrade turned a stern eye onto the outraged man, his once relaxed posture straightening into something more defensive. "Anderson, don't start."
John gasped as Sherlock’s fingers prodded his prostate and Sherlock chased the sound straight to the source, delving inside his wet-warm mouth with desperation.
There was something even more intimate about Sherlock cleaning him, more so than sex. It was a calmer sort of passion, and John was sure he could write a book with the words they weren't saying.
“Oh, just the other man sitting here next to me,” Sherlock quipped snarkily, “yes, you, John. You're thinking quite loudly.”
Sitting up slowly, John winced, feeling the wounds in his abdomen pull as he put pressure on them. Everything ached and his head was splitting into two as far as he could tell. Pushing through the fog of pain, John squinted up into the face of a man silhouetted by a dim light that hung from the ceiling. It was a dark haired man, tall and imposing as he observed John severely, empty bucket hanging from the man's fingers carelessly.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed at his candid response, though one side of his lips perked up in minor amusement. "Then what would you have me do with you," Sherlock inquired softly, raising one dark brow, exhibiting a serious demeanor, yet the tone of his voice hinted at the man being a bit facetious.
John's touch was dry on his prick, but even the chafe of it felt like stimulation in his heightened state. "Your lips are glorious; I could drink from them all day. Soon, I will."
“Show me,” Sherlock demanded, utterly unbothered save for the enlarged pupils and the way he seemed to settle back in his seat. John could imagine his thighs parting to sit comfortably with his erection.
"I had you all figured out, was ready to get to the endgame when we spoke that night, but you were so very unexpected, unpredictable." This was the most John had ever heard Sherlock say, but he found the older man's voice lulling him into complacency, even as he spoke of his initial feelings of distrust towards John.
“She was raised in a predominately Catholic environment,” Sherlock had told him after Mina made her excuses and scuttled out of the flat with a quick kiss on his cheek, dashing Greg’s hopes for a post-date shag. “Believe me, you wouldn't have gotten far with that one. She doesn't believe in sex before marriage and is under the illusion that all homosexuals are living in sin, hence her best imitation of sucking on a lemon when either John or myself are near. Really, Lestrade. Less than a minute of conversation with her and this was all fairly obvious to me. Even John could figure this out, and he’s-”
Lestrade smiled, tipping back on the heels of his shoes as he stuffed his hands in his pockets.
Sherlock's gaze had grown shrewd and assessing. It was at the tip of his tongue to say yes, but Sherlock's eyes begged him to think, to stow away his impulse to please and answer honestly.
John wanted to close his eyes and dissolve into Sherlock, he was so close, but Sherlock jerked on his hair when he made the mistake of attempting to follow through.
Sherlock was on John in a second, inserting his thigh between the smaller man's in a proprietary manner, his tongue sliding against John's with brute force. John had heard the phrase ‘kissing with abandon,’ but always thought it a bit overdramatic. Now, it was the only description for what they were currently doing.
“She has a history of sexually transmitted diseases, John. She's slept with any man whose given her even the slightest amount of attention. Her wilting flower persona is nothing but a hare-brained attempt at making you believe she’s some virtuous woman, when she’s nothing but a harlot. It’s laughable is what it is,” Sherlock griped, following John around as he prepared for his date.
Sherlock withdrew his finger, adding more lubrication to the tips, before he was delving inside of John, adding two more fingers. "Alright," Sherlock nodded, bringing one hand up to toy with the chain attached to the nipple clamps, while the other kept up a steady rhythm of 'in' and 'out'. "As I said, you appeared much like you are now, except I had you gagged. Though, I appreciate you more this way, where I can hear you scream, but we can't always control our dreams." Sherlock twisted his fingers at the same time as he pulled on the chain, and fuck, his back bent into a perfect arch at the sensation. Sherlock ran an unhurried tongue over his bottom lip, his eyes lingering on John's cock slapping against his navel.
Probably to give her condolences. Twelve messages since sometime around early morning. It was noon.
Sherlock sat up a bit straighter, preening. “Cleared it a
Sherlock wanted him to hurt. Six years of running could do that to an individual.
Rupert cleared his throat carefully before saying his piece. “What your mother means to say, John—”
I do apologize for the long wait, my friends. Please enjoy this new chapter!
John nodded once, his smile growing in amazement. It was as if Sherlock plucked his deductions out of thin air at times. Absently, John wondered what gave him away and if Sherlock also knew that Moriarty had been to Baker Street. “Yep,” he affirmed lightly.
Sherlock stopped and turned to John in one smooth motion, his eyes as cold as a glacier. "Let's not forget your reluctance to accept my hired car as a means of transportation, which you've failed to refuse before, so I'm assuming you've made the acquaintance of Sebastian Moran."
Sherlock didn't want her to move away. There was a scent beneath the perfume and the hair spray, something masculine that made Sherlock want to bury his face in her neck and inhale. Unfortunately, the moment couldn’t last, and Lady Grey had a show to put on.
Sherlock ignored him, already lighting up a cigarette at the window. It was a shame he couldn’t storm out of the room while Julian pulled himself together. That was the disadvantage of meeting outside of 221B. “Money is on the table. Get it and leave.”
Sherlock sighed and rested his forehead on his knees, breathing deeply. His thoughts turned to the paper he'd found at the house.
The entire time, John kept one eye on their surroundings, ever-conscience of a pap lurking somewhere, taking pictures of them together. Fortunately, Sherlock's word was as good as gold. Not a tabloid was in site with their faces plastered on it, thanks to Sherlock's PR team. He didn't question it, didn't really want to know
“Your face, John, are you alright? You look like you’ve been - I don’t know - rolling around in blankets or something.” Irene wrinkled her aristocratic little nose at him, and John fought with everything he had not to show how furious he was with her interruption. “Come on, let’s get you fixed up.”
On the mantle above the fireplace was another skull, but what John recognised as an authentic human one. His eyes lingered there for a second longer, wondering if he should be worried, then scanned over the rest of the room. Mismatched, but comfortably worn in furniture, dusty floors and two large windows on either side of the desk that let in the multi-coloured lights of a well-traveled street.
He knew that John was probably wondering if he’d done something wrong, and the thought of him beating himself up didn't sit well with Sherlock. “I want to try something,” he said, in an attempt to ease John's worry.
Sherlock grinned, unable to curtail the bubbling excitement. John was going to stay with him, and things could go back to how they were. It would take some time, and obviously, Sherlock still had some anger to work through, but they could do it together.
John felt his lip twitch, unable to conceal his pleasure at the fact that the boy he liked felt as if John was the only one who he could connect with. He looked up, feeling eyes on him, and found himself drawn into the hypnotizing stare of the older Holmes. The man looked bemused, as if there was something he couldn't puzzle out. John thought it may be along the lines of, what would his son want with a
John smiled amicably, unsure if he should lie. He didn't want to lie, but he also wanted Sherlock's mind to be fully on Jasper when they reunited for the first time in weeks. “Yes. Maybe. It doesn't matter right now, Sherlock,” he said. “Just go see Jasper. Make sure he's alright.”
Sherlock slowed his thrust and peeled away, the front of his shirt damp from John’s sweat. The room already held the sharp, briny scent of their excitement, their own little nest away from everything else. It was so similar to all those years ago, like no time had passed at all.
Holmes emerged, lips pressed into a thin line as his shrewd, cold eyes assessed John thoroughly. John smiled, but it didn't last long, because Holmes was crowding him against the wall the next moment, teeth bared. "You idiot," he hissed, and John could feel the frustration radiating off of him like a viable entity. "Look at you, anyone could have taken you off the streets and had their way!"
Even if it was temporary and these small moments were what he had left with John, even if he was wading in deep waters, unsure and unfamiliar, Sherlock would savour the second chance he had with John Watson.
It wasn't long before the food was out, and John was huddled over the plate, eating as if it would be his last meal. Turkey, he noticed, and mash along with the trimmings. a Christmas meal, John thought with pleasant surprise. Vaguely, he thought that he should be embarrassed, eating like that in front of an extremely attractive man that he barely knew, but the realization that there was tangible, warm food sitting in front of him, far outweighed any humiliation he might have felt.
Smiling – again – the man climbed on the bed and knelt, before his blue eyes found Sherlock's, gleaming with anticipation.
He turned for the direction of the tube and resigned himself to a future unknown.
Lady Grey was doing the foxtrot with the man, now, and once again, there was not a hitch in step. When the song ended, Lady Grey kissed the man’s cheek, smiling widely, then bowed to her audience. It was a standing ovation.
John threw an arm across his eyes, suddenly drained of the last vestiges of whatever energy he had left. He wanted to sleep, but every time he closed his eyes, John could hear that baritone murmuring into his ear, the warmth of practiced hands wandering along his body, and Holmes' heat as he crowded John back against the wall.
Somehow, out of all the years they had known one another, this was the first time Jasper had invited him over, and John had never even met his friend's father, THE Sherlock Holmes. John had read about some of the cases the famous detective had solved in the papers, and whenever he asked Jasper about them, the older boy would always include the more interesting details that the stories left out.
It stung more than John cared to admit, but isn't that what Sherlock told him, that relationships weren't his area? Maybe that was what bothered John more than all the other things, the tabloids and newspapers. It bothered him that there was no way he could answer their questions without coming to terms with the fact that all they had was sex. As much as it excited John, still excited him, it left a sour taste when John had to go home or sleep in an empty bed at 221B, because what Sherlock wanted from him didn't amount to more than a romp between the sheets and some power play, full stop.
“You’re quite finished for the night, I gather,” Irene said from the door. John sighed and turned to his friend, expecting her to be angry, but instead, a secretive smile lit her delicate features. “Pity. By the look of you, it would have made for an impressive story.”
John sighed, though he had to admit, he was sort of enjoying the act of catching Sherlock unawares. Sherlock Holmes confused seemed like a rare occurrence. “Well, you can’t just tell people the story of their lives before you even know their name.”
John merely issued a garbled comment and waved his limbs erratically as Sherlock continued his diatribe. He'd garnered more than a few stares, and by the time Sherlock was in the queue for checkout, people granted him more than a few feet of space.
But saying that John was just as precious as his Stradivarius would be remiss. John was more than. He was the quintessential example of something that should be cared for, invaluable, which he’d learned during the man’s absence. Precious was far too dull a word.
by Bryan Ferry
They spoke at the same time, stumbling over one another’s words with the same nervousness one would expect out of two teenagers on their first date.
“Yes, well, he's certainly
What he wasn’t expecting (because there was not a moment they shared in which Sherlock didn’t surprise him) was Sherlock to lean in and give him a chaste kiss. “Lovely as always,” Sherlock complimented, holding John’s hand as he slid into the booth, before he sat opposite.
investigative work and made further contact with the Downing household concerning the ladder. The gardener confirmed the absence of said green ladder, which points to the other obvious conclusion. It was brought onto the property by none other than Keith Downing, youngest brother and only surviving heir to the house Sir Harry Downing left to the family.”
, Sherlock? The self-proclaimed sociopath who can barely take care of himself without John around to strong arm you into doing so! How could you possibly take care of a child, Sherlock?!"
Sherlock reached over to the side table and retrieved a bottle of lube, which he tossed onto the bed beside John's pillow. “You’re going to prepare me,” Sherlock said. “And you're going to do it exactly as I tell you.”
Sherlock, what are you going to do?"
Fingers turned to talons that dug into his skin like knives. A white-hot flash of pain made him grunt and reach for the hand clamped beneath his ribs, stabbing crescents into his reddening skin. It hurt, but John was hardly going to pull away. Not when it’s been years since the smell of Sherlock’s cologne intoxicated him and dulled his senses. John longed for it in a way he hadn’t for anything else. He was afraid to open his eyes, because as soon as he was awake, the illusion would vanish like a spectre in the night.
Sherlock pressed impossibly closer, his hips snapping against John's with an obscene squelch. It was gloriously filthy, and John craved for more of it, wanted to feel the blood racing through his veins and Sherlock's heart beating just as erratically in his chest.
Sherlock seemed like a man partial to obsessions, the way he would focus so single-mindedly onto something, someone; the way he was staring at John now. The thought of all that attention on himself made John accept the hand in reluctant agreement.
(See the end of the chapter for
John pressed the send button before he could lose his nerve and laid back against the bed, thinking of Holmes’ gorgeous hands and greedy kisses.
John added another finger and a deep groan rumbled slowly up Sherlock's chest, crawling up Sherlock's chest and throat until it escaped his lips and into the dark room.
Okay, maybe that was a little cliché, but all the thoughts in his head had gone mum. John found no other way to describe how aesthetically pleasing he found the man. He didn't fancy himself a homosexual man, nor could he honestly identify as straight, but that didn't mean he actively sought out male companions. Despite himself, John couldn't deny that the warmth in his belly was anything but a spark of interest.
The clack of Victor’s heels over the lacquered wood signalled his approach.
John couldn't breathe, felt like the world could end at that moment and he wouldn't even notice, because he was existing solely under the guise that Sherlock
Alfie swaggered towards the huddled figure with his two minions, Tweedledum and Tweedledee, flanking him on either side. "Look at you," he sneered, "keepin' all the goods for yourself. Can you believe the selfish little bastard, Robbie?"
Sherlock forces John to submit, and tempers run hot when Victor challenges the newcomer.
They lingered there for an hour or so, at times filling the silence with light conversation and others, merely enjoying one another's company. John hadn't said a word when Sherlock pulled out a cigarette, though he cringed away when he leaned in for a kiss, afterward. It only baited Sherlock even more, and soon they were necking like teenagers (accurate in regards to John, but something Sherlock hadn't done in years).
Then, his eyes darkened, and Sherlock was reaching under the pillow and returned with cotton rope. There was nothing elaborate this time. John was on the verge of madness and the dangerous glint in Sherlock's eyes was enough to speed up John's pulse.
John dropped his head, unable to look her in the eyes, knowing that she was too sharp to miss all of the doubt that shrouded him like a cloak. Lady Grey had protected him when he thought the world was going to collapse in on him. A life without her for the sake of someone he’d only met a week ago? It was unthinkable. Irene hadn’t ever asked him to give up his persona, or even to put it aside for a day. She loved Lady Grey, the people at the cabaret loved her, and the patrons. None of them knew John Watson, or cared to know him. What made Sherlock any different?
John searched and searched for something, anything to use as a refusal, but all he could think of was danger and adventure... desire. Holmes was certainly no good for John, but funnily enough, that didn't lessen his appeal in the least. In fact, there was a magnetizing attraction to the infuriating man. He knew he should say no. Men like Holmes only led down very, very not good paths.
John pushed Sherlock back and climbed over him, straddling those narrow hips and Sherlock wasted no time with surprise, pulling John's head down so their lips could meet in a frenzy. John's hips were moving of their own accord, grinding against Sherlock's heat and Sherlock gloriously thrusting up to meet him until they were locked in a primitive dance. It didn't take long. They were still excited from the moment before, aching and on the brink, so when the climax came it was quick and powerful.
Ten minutes of rest was all he needed. Just ten.
John nodded and stepped back, putting distance between, because Sherlock and proximity never worked well for him. "Honesty," he chuckled, though there was no humour to be found in their situation, "you want honesty. Um- okay. How about I don't think this is going to work because relationships are not your area, but they are obviously mine."
Soon enough, Sherlock was pressing back against John's cock and John was gasping because this moment was everything
Eventually, Mycroft buggered off and Sherlock avoided meeting John's eyes, feeling ashamed, of all things, of his brother. It was an impossibility that John would stay with him and never meet Mycroft in all that time, but Sherlock had wanted it to be on his terms, in his territory. To have that decision taken away from him not only bothered Sherlock, but he didn't appreciate the feeling of helplessness that came with it.
“Oh, yes, because
When they were seated comfortably in the back seat of the car, John angled his body towards Sherlock and watched as the man tapped away on his phone. "So, where to?"
Christ, the man wasn't kidding, John noted, as Sherlock continued to watch him in expectation. His blue eyes pierced right through the screen as if it didn't exist at all. John wondered at the intensity of that stare without the barrier between them. Fine. John wasn't afraid. In fact, John didn't think he’d ever been so turned on in his life. He should feel like the worst piece of shite about to engage in foreplay in a church confessional, but his heart was pumping in thrill. John would see this through until the end.
Then, as if it never happened, the moment was over and Sherlock was placing John in his pram and stuffing the bag in the compartment at the bottom. "John and I must get going. In about half an hour, John is going to get fussy. Best nip it in the bud," Sherlock said, enunciating his words crisply.
"Self-deprecation," Sherlock's voice piped up from the couch, "doesn't suit you, John."
Of course Sherlock knew, but by the way his heart leapt at the words it was as if he’d discovered it for the first time.
She reclined nonchalantly against the bars with a lit cigarette in a holder pressed against her red-painted lips. She was dressed differently than the others, in a black, flapper fringed shirt that revealed only a sliver of her flat belly, but the lacy knickers were making another debut, along with the garter belts (honestly, would he ever get over his hang-up with them?) and fishnet stockings. Her hair wasn’t the wavy fashion of the night before, but a sleek blonde bob that framed her face flatteringly. Was it possible that Lady Grey could look any lovelier than she did at the moment?
His chin hit his chest. He squeezed his eyes shut and hoped his tears would dry up. It was bad enough that he’d crawled in like some kicked dog asking for a job. If there was anyone he didn’t want to see him like that, it was Sarah. “I’m—” His voice cracked, broke off, and he cleared his throat. “I am sorry, Sarah. I am. It’s just… If I didn’t make it back, I’d rather you didn’t miss me.”
Obviously, Sherlock didn't feel the same inclination to be in constant communication with John as he, himself, did, so maybe it was time to draw the line. It would be wise to put some space between them. John didn't want to be a slave to his body, nor to the man that could seemingly own it with just his touches.
Smiling, though not at all amused, Sherlock leaned body against the door and craned his neck back casually, returning the stare from beneath lowered lids. "Obviously," he answered, but it lacked its usual bite, replaced by something base and depraved.
Loath to waste another moment, Sherlock snatched the kit and swept out of the room, taking the steps two at a time, the echoes of his own footsteps following him to the main room.
for making me get off my butt and finish this chapter. You two are amazing and forces to be reckoned with.
“Terrible habit, you know.”
John looked up to meet Sherlock's clear blue eyes, staring down at him with a swirling amalgam of emotions ranging from predatory to impressed. A challenge; that was what Sherlock wanted.
When the second plate was taken away by the waitress, John sat back against the bench, exhaustion pulling his eyelids to half mast. He smiled lackadaisically at the man across from him, who was tapping steadily away at his phone. Holmes must have felt his stare, for he glanced up, smirking at John's lazy posture, and stuffed his phone away in his coat pocket.
Sherlock cupped the back of her thighs and dragged her closer, opening his mouth to allow her tongue inside. She slipped her thighs over his, and Sherlock pulled her close until her arse was firmly sitting on his erection. The softness of Lady Grey's padded arse was unusual, but lovely and welcomed. After all, Sherlock wasn't there for authenticity; a woman's derriére and breasts never stimulated him, but this was different. He was all too happy to lose himself in those narrow cobalt eyes and hold her square jaw as he plundered her mouth. Sherlock ached to snap away those garters and run his hands beneath Lady Grey's lacey knickers and touch her rigid cock.
Great, John couldn't help but think to himself, now Sherlock wanted to have a heart-to-heart with him, and the worst part about it, was that John was still smarting from the night before, still burning with the hurt and anger of knowing that no matter what he did for Sherlock, he wasn't truly relevant.
The door slammed behind him, rattling the generic art on the walls and the decorative hydrangeas on the nightstand.
It was at the café mere minutes from his building, when Sherlock realized he might possibly have to renege on the boundaries of what he would and wouldn't do where taking a bed partner were concerned. He'd agreed to meet with Irene for lunch and inadvertently chosen the same locale as John and his...
John massaged soothing circles into his temples, fearing the migraine that may or may not form soon. At least he didn't feel nauseous. Reluctantly, John turned to peak at the clock on the night stand.
John gained his footing with a muttered swear, before coming chest-to-chest with Sherlock. He could almost taste the spice of John's fury on his tongue, longed to run his tongue across his square jaw and grip the skin between his teeth.
The chorus began again, and the woman swayed in an embrace with her lover, before the spotlight on her began to dim. In the background, Lady Grey lifted a high-heeled foot against the rung of a bar, displaying her sculpted thigh and well-shaped calf to all and sundry. Sherlock shifted in his seat and turned back to the centre stage as the tall, red-haired woman emerged into the spotlight.
Finally, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's waist as he slid out of him, and lowered him to the ground. John didn't think he would be able to move anytime soon, but all the same, he rolled onto his belly and got comfortable.
“Well,” Mrs Hudson chirped, “I best be going. I just came up to tell our Captain Watson how lovely it is to have him back in Baker Street, right Sherlock?”
Sherlock's expression stayed perfectly neutral as he stalked forward to stand before his son, still a head taller with the added advantage of being naturally imposing. "Everything I've ever done has been for your benefit."
“Mine,” Sherlock whispered, almost too softly for John to hear, but the brush of his mouth forming the words confirmed it. So, John turned his face until their lips collided in an embrace wrought with desire and intention, and
a challenge.
,' John thought, '
“This is
The door was unlocked when Jasper tried the handle, so he pushed it open and stepped inside, shutting the door quietly behind him. 221A was quiet. Mrs. Hudson must have been away. He continued up the stairs.
“Jealousy is unattractive on you, Lestrade,” Sherlock tutted, reaching up his spindly fingers to snag a crisp from John’s hand. He popped it in his mouth with a pleased hum and extended his hand for the joint. “You're boring me.”
," he cried, as Sherlock bent to lick a stripe over his carotid artery, and pull at the skin with cupid's bow lips. The hips between his legs pumped forward harshly, scraping John's back unpleasantly against the tree, but the pain balanced out the pleasure so deliciously. John wanted the punishment, needed it; all those people he killed, the exhilaration he felt in doing it; for his betrayal of Bill, finding pleasure with another man so soon after his death.
Lady Grey gives a dazzling performance, and Sherlock makes a wager.
Without preamble, Sherlock walked to the cupboard and pulled out a sturdy metal chain with two leather cuffs attached at opposite ends of one another.
Sherlock snarled and picked John up, shuffling the squirming infant awkwardly in his arms until he was holding him the way Anthea demonstrated at Barts.
"Alright," Victor surrendered, though John could still hear the frown in his voice. "Fine. When he turns on us, don't say I didn't warn you to get rid of him."
Holmes leant forward with intent, his gaze unapologetically intrusive. "Well, now
“Goodbye, Sherlock Holmes.”
A quick call from Billy was the only confirmation that Sherlock needed, notifying him that his PR firm was already negotiating with various solicitors and publication companies to have the tabloids removed from the paper stands. If some of it had to be dealt with underhandedly, then Sherlock wasn't above it. Usually Sherlock didn't bother with taming the media. He’d long ago made his peace with the truth that people were always going to talk; they did little else, but John Watson was certainly
"... Oh, Sherlock, would you put that dreadful thing away! Your mother would be appalled at your table manners! Time was, we didn't have any of those little gadgets, if you can believe it. We actually held conversation at the table during meals-"
Sherlock never tore his gaze away, but in his mind, he pulled up a picture of the room and all of its clutter, looking for anything that could be used as a weapon. John's life was at stake, so any course of action had to be quick, might be dirty, but even if it only provided a distraction, it would work.
At first glance, John's horrendously unacceptable fashion choices and fastidiously shorn hair would lead one to believe that he was anything but extraordinary. Sherlock nearly found himself coming to the same conclusion, however, during the course of their interview, one thing became quite clear. John Watson was no more ordinary than Sherlock was, and anyone who said differently was a fool.
The long faced man turned on John ferociously, stepping forward with ill intent. John forced himself to relax, but his fists clenched tightly behind his back in restraint. Fighting with a member of the pack would do no good where he was concerned, especially when John was only there on Lestrade's behalf.
John tried to walk around him, but Sherlock was over six feet of solid body, all encasing him in a closeted fortress. "Sherlock...," John growled, as though he had the means to make Sherlock move, when all he wanted to do was fall into him. The infuriating berk wasn't going to move until he'd discovered all that there was to know. "He just wanted to know about my association with you."
Unable to refuse Sherlock or himself, John peered up at his lover from beneath his brows, breathing heavily through his nose, forcing himself to remain steady.
John wasn’t even looking at him. The stiff line of his back trembled slightly beneath his vest, arms folded as he avoided meeting Sherlock’s gaze, the coward. Sherlock wanted him to see, to observe all that was taken away from him when the idiot ran off to get himself killed in a bloody desert.
John hummed, pleased, and took a sip, feeling Sherlock’s eyes on him over the wide rim of his own glass.
Finally, Holmes turned to him, tracking every minute change in John's thoughts and expressions. The intensity was off putting in a way, but he found himself almost excited under the scrutiny of the tall brunette.
Instead, to take his mind off of Sherlock, John took the train to Sutton to spend the duration of the weekend with his parents, stewing silently the whole way over.
Once home, John slid out of his clothes and took a shower, desperate to clear his mind. It worried him that he had yet to feel any guilt or regret after sleeping with Sherlock. It was freeing, in a way, to be without compunction, because if John was being honest with himself, the urge to be with Sherlock was even stronger than before.
an advantage. John had shown Sherlock that. John had- had
A wet line was being drawn up his lower abdomen, pausing to dip hotly into John's belly button. He groaned, but the sound was lost to the music, though the nip to John's hipbone let him know that the message was well received.
He leaned back and pulled John over him, groaning as John’s arse settled in his lap.
(See the end of the chapter for
A soft creak pulled his attention to the door, where the timid woman from earlier stood, regarding John with wariness and what John could only describe as pity. He swiped a shaky hand over his cheeks and straightened his back like the soldier that he was, feet now flat on the floor.
John's skin was ashen and dry, tiny crevices inching across every patch of skin that Sherlock could see. “John,” he cried softly, ignoring the way his voice cracked on the name.
Sherlock smiled, though it was all teeth and little humour. Mostly, his eyes bore into John's, steady and depthless, until John could no longer stand it, and his eyes flicked down to the invitation Sherlock's mouth presented. "Oh, yes," Sherlock rumbled, deep and guttural, fueled with want and arousal, "because there's no way I would let you get away with such terrible behaviour. You ought to know better, John."
Sherlock and John were sitting next to each other, their thighs close enough to touch. They were snogging, quite enthusiastically, Greg might add, and Sherlock was turned, halfway looming over John, whose head was tilted back against the couch from the force of Sherlock's kisses.
“Morning,” John greeted, and headed straight for the kettle. Sherlock didn't reply, but his body noticeably tensed, unconsciously responding to John's presence in the room.
Rubbing a hand over his face, John groaned in frustration with himself. "I'm sorry," he said, hating that he even felt compelled to apologize. Surely if Sherlock hadn't been dissuaded by his childish fit, then John's sudden aptitude for being clingy would certainly put him off.
“Diamonds…”
Join me on
Smiling, Jasper slipped out the exit and pulled his fleece cap lower, until it nearly shielded his eyes. Finally, his thoughts began to slow and his heart rate declined into normalcy. He could breathe again, happy to know that he put confrontation off for another day. He wasn't ready to see his family yet.
He'd sent Sherlock's conscience away.
Sherlock drew him closer, knowing he wasn’t playing fair, that he was skirting the rule; manipulating, but he’d pull every dirty trick in the book if it meant that John would choose him.
Sherlock could hardly fathom how his mood had plunged so sharply to the depths, but he posited that it could be attributed to his time with John being cut so abruptly short.
John's breath stuttered in his chest as Sherlock pulled him deeper and deeper. It felt like drowning, like sinking but the only thing keeping John afloat was Sherlock's eyes locked onto his, the lighthouse in the distance. Sherlock pulled on the rope and John's back arched under the onslaught of sensation.
Sherlock’s lips twitched, but he kept a straight face and replied, “Maybe.”
Lady Grey shook her head and tapped his chest to let her up. Reluctantly, Sherlock released her, but kept his hand securely at the small of her back as she climbed off of his lap.
“Hi!”
Sherlock closed the distance between them, placing one long-fingered hand on John's hipbone, a light touch that was worth a thousand words. He reeked of tobacco, but underneath it, Sherlock's scent was heady and arousing. "You don't know much about me, so I'll forgive your ignorance on this matter, but I want to make certain that you understand, John."
John nodded, unable to do much more than silently agree. It was a risk he was willing to take. He would never forgive himself if he didn't go back, even if there was nothing to bury, but bones.
"Tell me," John bit out on the edge of a gasp as Sherlock's fingers skirted around the rim of his arsehole. "Tell me what you did." He wanted to know the things Sherlock dreamed of doing to him, what levels of depravity he could lower the man to. When Sherlock hesitated, John repeated himself, but with an urgency that wasn't there before. He needed to know.
In a bowl she held what looked like a roast stew, the aroma of it setting John's mouth to water. He had eaten what seemed only like an hour ago, but his body was still recovering and craved the sustenance.
Lestrade, like Sherlock, was a cunning fighter, though his style was more straight forward. While he was quick and agile, Lestrade almost always went straight for the jugular, killing efficiently without the dramatic theatrics that his leader was prone to.
“Lipschitz!”
Jasper gestured to the general area of the kitchen, and John took the hint. "Not going to be any more body parts, are there?"
John sat at the desk and pressed his eyes to the lens, exhaling quickly as he observed the process of cell division, the organisms splitting. “Brilliant,” John breathed, though he missed Sherlock's reaction as he raised a hand to his mouth quickly, and then turned away before John could see. “This isn't normal, is it?”
Now, as he sipped his tea and sat back on the settee, John peered at his squabbling parents from over the rim of his cup. They were getting older, an immoveable fact that John knew couldn't be changed, yet something in him clenched at the thought of them not being around one day. His father's dark brown hair now held slivers of silver, and his receding hairline was beginning to thin. His mother was aging a bit more gracefully, still had a head full of coarse, golden blonde hair, and the brightest pair of green eyes, still as sharp as ever.
John chuckled incredulously, and the man’s eyes narrowed. “Um, yeah, well I did come to confess my sins.”
In a move that John wasn't expecting, the human grabbed frantically for his pocket and stuffed something in his mouth, but it was already too late. Sherlock was ripping into his throat in a vicious display that made John’s stomach turn in terror and disgust.
"I-," she began nervously, eyes flicking to her feet and back to John cautiously, "I just wanted to say I'm sorry about your-- about what happened to your pack. I can't imagine how-," she broke off, lifting the fingers of one hand to her lips.
“Well we know who's behind this, Sherlock, there's no need to recklessly put yourself in harm's way for information we already have,” Mycroft reasoned, the crack in his composure only growing more strained the more that he learned of the situation.
And as if on cue, Mike's eyes widened comically - well, it would be comical if John didn't know that Mike was probably receiving a death stare the likes of which he'd never experienced before - and cut himself off mid-chuckle.
His cock pushed defiantly against the thin silk of his pyjamas, snug against John’s navel as Sherlock erased the bit of distance left between their bodies. The air between them crackled with electricity, and their movements began to take on a frantic quality. Sherlock was sure John would have finger-shaped bruises on his hips and arse, and his scalp would be sensitive come evening, from the brutality of John’s grip.
Without awaiting a response from John, the man crossed the hall into his own room, leaving both doors wide open. He disappeared somewhere off to the side where John could not see him, but he knew Sherlock was still tracking his every move.
His fingers twitched, mimicking the movements he’d learned by habit, feeling the hollow thrum of his violin strings beneath his fingers. Sherlock wished he’d brought out his Stradivarius before allowing Lestrade inside. Nothing got Mycroft out of the flat quicker than a Paganini composition, although Sherlock was partial to his concertos. Another thing he and his brother had never been able to agree on.
It really shouldn't have been a surprise when in the middle of their seventh episode of the day, Sherlock swept into John's flat like a man who owned the place. Yes, no surprise there.
And there he was, living comfortably in his thirty-second year, a self-made man… and just finding out what it meant to love someone other than himself for the first time in his life.
Sherlock was forced to drag himself away and pull John with him, or else they wouldn’t be getting anything done.
John's hands came up to the backs of Sherlock's knees, opening him up to that slick muscle.
Okay, one, it was his day off and everyone could go hang. Two, it was his day off and
Sherlock’s stomach trembled excitedly as he leaned back, memorizing the slick shine of his saliva coating John’s neck and chest, the red indent of his fingers, barely visible above John’s waistband, and the coral hue of his bitten lips.
John felt his shoulders pull up in defiance, ready to rip this tosser's throat out. "Are you threatening me," he growled between clenched teeth.
“What the hell,” John muttered, and reached over to hit the switch on the hallway light. He reached forward and grasped Sherlock's bicep and turned him, intending to observe his symptoms, and stopped altogether. For the moment, everything stood still and all John could see were two black abysmal eyes staring back at him.
“Listen, last night, I wasn’t—”
, and he found that he couldn’t deny the man anything.
Mycroft was staring at John with single-minded intensity, though Sherlock knew that he was also monitoring Sherlock's reaction.
Somehow they ended up settling down on the roof of Bart’s, swinging their legs over the edge as they watched life go by beneath their feet. It was the first place Sherlock had gone to look for Jasper the night he left, because they frequented it most often after an argument with one another, or just to be alone. It was familiar, and held many memories for the both of them, and now for Sherlock, it would be where he spent John's final hours in London.
. John never hated anyone more in his life than the hunters who took the lives of his pack unrighteously. He never hated anything more in his life than the inability to kill right that second. If he died in the process, well that would be fine, but if Sherlock died… that would be entirely upon John's head and conscience, because Sherlock Holmes did not deserve to die for the sake of John Watson.
Suddenly Jasper turned back on him, not sure who to be more angry with.
Sherlock thought acidly.
It was beautiful and not at all what John envisioned his first time with a man would be like, but more than satisfied.
Forty-four weeks after John's entrance into the RMAS, John was stationed in Afghanistan, where the weather was nothing like London and the sky stretched endlessly overhead. John missed London, but he enjoyed the army life, the easy camaraderie between his fellow cadets and the freedom from his mum and sister.
John didn’t need any more prompting than that, and soon, his clothes joined Sherlock’s on the old, dusty carpet, nearly kicked beneath the couch as they wrestled each other down to the cushions.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock allowed, “but you forget I’ve seen what’s beneath all that. You look fine.”
Ella smiled brilliantly as she pulled away, her bright eyes taking Sherlock in with glee. "Well, this is a turn up," she grinned, and glanced at John, her smile growing wider. "And I see you've got yourself a young man."
Slowly, reality began to creep back into the edges of John's hazy vision, soaking away the pleasure until it dawned on him what exactly he was doing and who he was doing it with.
Three missed calls, one text. Two from the office, one call and a message from Lestrade.
His father smiled and leaned forward, as if he intended to whisper a secret. "My boy, one doesn't get this far in life without observing a thing or two." The statement reminded John so much of Sherlock, that he wondered if in some weird way, his father had channeled the man himself. "You should know that your mother and I will always accept you no matter what. You know I once had a homosexual friend. Nice looking chap that took a fancy to me-,"
Three in the morning found the boys dragging themselves to their respective sleeping areas, finally having completed all of their assignments. Sherlock had disappeared into his room shortly after the uncomfortable moment with Jasper, and now, all John wanted to do was sleep before going to school in the morning.
John raised a brow. “Like what?”
The rattle of the door handle startled John out of his reverie, and before he could duck behind something, it opened to reveal a petite, elderly woman carrying a nearly folded stack of laundered clothes; his clothes.
John’s shoulders slumped as a blush crawled up his neck. “Fine, Irene, but you rehearsed this number with me, so up. You, too, Miss Vicky.”
And so John stretched out on the small space provided and turned over, his back facing Sherlock. Ready to escape reality, John closed his eyes and prayed for sleep.
? You can’t expect me to just take Downing into custody without proper evidence.”
John swallowed his mouthful and leant forward to place his cup back on the tray before he continued. "As the CEO of a rather large company, it's quite clear that you put in a lot of extra hours here, but outside of work, what are your interests?"
“Sherlock, my clothes,” he breathed, pressing his chest up wantonly as Sherlock’s tongue darted out to his peaked nipple. “My cock-”
John tilted his head, wondering if Jasper was going to be following in his father's footsteps. "So have you give any thought to where you're going to go for Uni?"
Sherlock flipped them over, John now on his back, and sat on his heels, one hand trailing from John's torso to the zip on his trousers. His shirt was hitched up to his chest, and Sherlock took advantage of this, leaning forward to place a trail of kisses down to the edge of the jeans where deft hands were steadily working to release his cock from its confines.
! I love meeting new people and I promise a drama-free, hate-free fandom experience.
know about John after five minutes of swanning about the office like some bloody-minded fairy?
“I’m an interested party, one might say. I’ve reason to believe that your son may be residing in London with a person of... questionable motives, if I’m to be quite frank, Mrs Watson.”
At first, Sherlock wasn’t sure how to proceed, and when John stepped in the loo, he’d shifted from foot to foot. When John returned, he’d held a bowl of steaming water and a rag, which he sat at the vanity in his bedroom.
John slumped back against the seat with a breathed, "Fucking
Molly nodded, bouncing the infant- John, as he became restless. "He came to pay his respects this morning, or so he said. He was here when I opened the drawer."
Sherlock and Lady Grey take some time to become acquainted.
Sherlock was as still as a sculpture. His face had lost its heat, along with the wash of anger, and now he portrayed the lost, distant man he'd been for weeks. His pale eyes stared down at John with veiled emotions, deceptively blank, even though there was sure to be more than he could ever know happening in that intelligent mind.
John wasn’t surprised. He hadn’t told her, but he knew that someone would if Sherlock actually did call and request private entertainment, specifically from Lady Grey. Anyone else could slip by, but Irene didn’t allow Lady Grey to perform for just anyone unless they’d been thoroughly vetted beforehand, due to her concern as a friend and as an employer. John nodded, hearing his phone buzz in his bag further down the vanity, barely able to resist lunging for it.
“Afghanistan,” John answered immediately this time, intrigued despite himself. He wanted to know more about this ‘consulting detective’, but his knees were starting to ache.
John ignored him and threw the door open, his heart racing in his chest as he confirmed what he had already concluded. On the bed, on a tray, just like all the thousands of times he’d seen it on the telly, the few times he’d seen Harry, out of her mind on drugs and alcohol.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist, distantly worried that he could so easily feel John’s heart beating against his skin. His ribs were visible when he stretched his arms around Sherlock’s neck.
John had been a... surprise. Granted, their relationship had begun tumultuously, but the subsequent battle with the hunters had forged a tenuous camaraderie between them. Then it had become something more, something... dangerous and unexpected. What happened in the woods the day of the ambush hadn't been planned. There was no way for Sherlock to have known that seeing John bathed in blood and standing by his side would affect him so drastically. John had already given him his submission, but at that moment, he'd given loyalty without a thought.
It was just hitting dawn when John opened his eyes the next morning, more comfortable than he'd been in a long time, and deliciously sore.
Sherlock smiled, but it wasn't humorous and served only to inspire goose pimples along the length of John's arms. “I'll thank you not take the Lord's name in vain, John,” Sherlock rumbled disarmingly. Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room dropped another depth and John knew that whatever was meant to happen would take place in the next moment. Sherlock didn't disappoint. “I can't imagine that anyone who has seen you on your knees in this manner would allow you to leave them,” he commented.
John pretended not to see Sherlock's expression wilt slightly before his features rearranged themselves into a placid veneer.
Sherlock stepped out of the car and instructed his driver to leave until he called him. Obediently, the driver pulled away as soon as the door shut behind Sherlock, pulling smoothly back into traffic.
The sensation was immediate. John bucked at the wash of pain and pleasure, the tug on his nipples, still tender from Sherlock's probing tongue and teeth. It wasn't the pain as much as it was the pressure of the clamps stymying the blood flow to his nipples. It was a strange feeling, but there was something erotic about the pain and who was causing it that left John breathless and wanting more.
In a move that John hadn’t been anticipating, Sherlock stepped into his space, his forehead nearly bent to John’s as he buttoned up his coat with nimble fingers. The gesture spoke volumes, as small as it was, but John had to look away and breathe, or else he’d do something stupid like tear up and embarrass himself.
“Alright?” Sherlock asked him, pressed up against his side in the backseat of the hired car taking them to a cottage in the countryside where they would be filming. His lips were still a bit swollen from the hour before, when he’d sucked John’s cock in the kitchen after a bout of eye-fucking over the breakfast table. The man really was insatiable.
Sherlock walked backwards to sit on the edge of his bed, staring down at the white powder with pained longing. He had two options.
John immediately missed the warmth of Sherlock’s body and collapsed sideways to lay on the couch as the man did… whatever. He turned onto his back, his legs falling open wantonly. Sherlock was searching his vanity. “Vaseline is in the bottom drawer on the left.”
Unwilling to prove that theory, John stepped out of the bush cautiously, peering around at their surroundings in case the boy might have brought friends. The wind carried no scent but their own and the lone human.
Freak.
The thought that moments ago, Sherlock was pacing around the kitchen and John was eating a sandwich at the table, was startling. A few minutes longer, and they would have been lying in puddles of their own blood.
"While your shameless honesty under these circumstances is rather intriguing, I would advise you not to speak so glibly about how I may or may not want to have you, because at this moment, I am resisting the urge to truss you up on my bed and teach you a lesson."
Minor edits made: 2/27/16
John felt himself being slammed back against the seat, his breath rushing out of him in one harsh exhale. Sherlock was leaning over him, his features twisted and furious as his hands held fast around John's lifted wrists. They were both panting, refusing to back down from one another.
"You're quite welcome, dear," she called back, door already closing behind her as she retreated into the ground floor flat.
Mycroft sighed heavily, “At least take one of my cars if you persist on going through with this foolish endeavour.”
John was close enough to the screen that a few stray drops bounced through the gaps in the screen and landed against his cheek. John's orgasm happened upon him quicker than he expected, and so intensely that he couldn't move a muscle while his cock spasmed over and over. Warmth rushed through him like a pleasant tingle that faded away in his extremities, until John could finally move again. When he was able to focus again, John's hand was dripping and there was a puddle of semen on the wood beneath his knees.
He didn’t bother with knocking on the door, instead, letting himself into the loo, steam billowing out as he stepped in.
Irene snorted in a very unladylike fashion and nudged him with her foot, before tucking it back to its previous position. “I don’t care. Besides, you’re currently sitting on my couch as John Watson, wearing an ugly jumper and khaki trousers, which I’d forbade you from doing the day I met you. So. No excuses.”
, not submitting as John assumed the penetrated partner always did, but there was no other way to describe what this was. Sherlock owned him, mind, body, and soul and John would go out a slave to him because Sherlock commanded it so.
“I thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to inform me of Moriarty’s return. Now, John and I have some things we must take care of before I leave for the office,” Sherlock rattled off, standing to steer Lestrade toward the door. “If there’s nothing further, we’ll chat another time. Ta-ta!”
He flopped over onto his back, eyes closed as he tried to shove away the rising pool of anger. As much as he wanted to be with John, to touch him and to be inside him, this one thing kept holding him back. Lost time, lost experiences. Things that could have been avoided. Sherlock resented John for leaving, and that was the truth of it.
If John could describe the moment, he would say it was like an earthquake. One minute, John is going about life as usual, unprepared, unassuming and then so suddenly, everything becomes shaky and tilted and suddenly his feet are off the ground, and he's no longer standing. Yeah, it was something like that, except there was no earthquake and London was still there, and now John had to go out and
John looked over, smiling before he joined his friend on the couch, also pulling his legs up as he faced the taller of them. "She said it was fine, as long as I'm out of her hair for the night. What about you, what did your dad say, Jas?"
Sherlock caught his wrist, encircling them with his large hands. He eased John's hands off his chest, remembering the texture of his skin, the knobby protrusion of his pisiform, more pronounced than it should be.
In a way, it was a comfort to know that John would be in England for some time and not completely out of reach just yet. Sherlock was a bit confused by why such a thing would give him solace. It wasn't as if he would be able to visit him, but knowing that they were still in the same country brought a small amount of relief.
"Sherlock, we're here. Where are you?"
Molly walked further into the room, coming to stand timidly beside him, smiling gently down at the infant. "Do you miss him?"
Sherlock held onto his hand, letting their joined hands down to rest between them. “Well, John Watson, I'm feeling a bit peckish, but I'm not one for Christmas hams. In fact, I know a place just up the road, lovely Italian bistro. Are you hungry?”
a devil,” Sherlock hissed, digging his fingernails into John’s arse.
John gaped silently, at a loss for words, not really wanting to know how Sherlock could tell, but amazed at the ability that he could relay exactly how if John simply asked. "Y-yes, but I'll understand if you don't want me here. I don't want to impose."
John took a sip of the water and screwed the cap back on, peering around to see if he could get clues of their location. “Where are we going?”
John startled as the vicar’s rich timbre filled the small room. “Oh!” John reached into his memory for the right words and hurriedly made the sign for the cross. “Um, bless me, er - Father, for I have sinned,” he stumbled through, wanting to bang his head on the ledge.
He and Jasper were wheezing with the need to breath. "God, that was brilliant," Jasper huffed out, "He got all caught up in dad's coat."
Sherlock bristled, pulling the child back just slightly as he glared at the top of Lestrade's head. "Please refrain from calling John 'bugger' or any other inane words your silly little mind can manage to come up with."
“If you don't want to starve, you will not finish that sentence,” John cut in, licking his finger to turn to the next page in his text at the kitchen table. Sherlock's lips snapped shut, and nothing more was said on the matter.
Sherlock ran over it with his palm, circling a hand around his cock and sliding it down, then flattening his fingers as he smoothed the viscous liquid into the crack of John’s arse. He leant forward on one hand, and pushed the pad of one finger against John’s hole with the other as he leant down to take his lips captive again.
Very often John had heard of many old, dear friends captured and killed by humans in retribution for the murders.
John swallowed, wondering how long he had to shower and tidy up the lounge room a bit. He didn't know what kind of damning evidence they left on the floor last night. John jumped off the bed ready to fly into action, but a strong hand caught him by the arm as he passed the prone figure of his lover.
He repositioned himself behind John, petting a hand down his flank just to feel John’s response to his touch. He wasn’t disappointed.
He'd slept with Sherlock on the couch, but John hadn't had an elevated temperature or any symptoms to speak of. He needed to know what was happening.
"Cancel the order, we'll be taking our business elsewhere. It seems they've not hired servers with the competency to carry a cup of tea to a stationary table." The man reached into his pocket and tossed enough notes on the tabletop to cover John's drink and the food.
Holmes hummed. "Very good," he said, deep voice smoothing over the words with more meaning than John could comprehend. "Well then, I'll leave you to it. Best head back soon, John. Janine will be expecting you." Holmes stepped back from the table and nodded a goodbye at the two of the before meandering away to find his companion.
Sherlock watched as the cells swelled until the membrane exploded, one after the other as if John's body were aging at a rapid pace, shutting down.
"...Uh... Sherlock, I- I didn't...," John stammered, unsure what to say now that he had Sherlock on the phone, waiting for him to state his reason for calling, but here John was, stammering like a fool.
John shrugged once her eyes landed upon his person, trailing down his front in a calculated, assessing once-over. "I've a feeling I could get used to this." After years of slumming it in a dodgy flat with Mike, the lavish surroundings were nothing to sniff at.
This was Victor pleading to his lover, and for a moment, John could see Sherlock's eyes soften, before the cold wash of steel shuttered them once again. "Then I trust you are all intelligent enough to elect a capable leader, should I meet my demise."
Sherlock made a noise in the back of his throat. "These aren’t your question?" he enquired. His eyes darted to the paper in John’s hand. Without waiting for an answer, he muttered to himself " Of course, they aren’t. I should have been aware by the way your eyelid twitched every time you looked at the question, and your obvious lack of preparation.
and look where it has gotten you!” Mycroft sneered and turned away, his shoulders rising and falling until he'd gotten himself under control.
Sherlock grimaced, scanning the occupants of the room contemptuously. “A lifetime of idiots, John, and you would be, too. So far, I've yet to enjoy any of these events. Though, they are a cesspool for bored millionaires with dirty little secrets.”
Victor may have been idiotic and proprietary, but John wouldn't wish that pain on anyone.
"I dreamed about you like this once before," Sherlock began, his voice low and dark, settling over John like a cloud of fog, enchanting him. While he spoke, Sherlock pulled the second item from his pocket: a tube of lubrication. "I know this might be a bit advanced for you, but you've done so well thus far. Taken to this like you were born to do it."
The man rolled his eyes before his expression grew soft as he placed his large hands on John's sunken shoulders. He pursed his lips, and for a moment, John saw a flash of uncertainty before the man forged ahead. “What I mean to say is, I need a flatmate, and you aren't a complete idiot,” Sherlock elaborated.
John rolled his eyes, seriously doubting it. Every time Sarah said she had the best of something, the food always turned out to be overrated and lacking in anything remotely edible. Her intentions were good, but Sarah's sense of taste was a bit... avant-garde.
, he wanted to scream.
"I know what you need, John. If you allow me to take you under my wing, I'll show you exactly what you're agreeing to."
The sad thing was, John was having trouble keeping his hands by his sides when Sherlock so close.
Alfie puffed out a laugh incredulously, rubbing a hand over his aquiline nose as he looked back to his henchman. "'No', he says! Can you believe this arsehole?" Alfie turns back chuckling, but John can see the tick in his jaw that informs him the thug is anything but amused.
