“Sure, ask Thor to give you my cell.”
Steve had always thought the SI building was a masterpiece, akin to something Michaelangelo would have designed himself if he’d put his mind to it. The architecture of the building was like Tony himself, beautiful but functional, practical but flashy. Just being inside the building made him feel closer to its creator, it brought him an inner calmness he hadn’t felt since age seventeen. He caught glimpses of Tony, every once in a while, usually he caught him walking somewhere, always in movement, always in someone’s company. He always looked impeccable with his suit and tie and sun glasses, always looked confident and in control but only Steve knew the truth. Only Steve knew the real, vulnerable man that hid beneath the silk. Today Steve took in a long eyeful of Tony as he walked past to go to a meeting, the last he’d be getting for a while since this was Steve’s last day working at SI. His supervisor had practically been in tears when he’d told him.
Tony tears his eyes away from the computer screens and smiles up at his daughter. “Thanks sweetheart.” He hears his own back crack as he stands and Sigrid giggles at the sound.
Tony can feel the smirk being pressed to the back of his neck, feels the soft smack that is suddenly slapped on a sore butt cheek.
“Isn’t there?”
He was sticky with blood, hungry, thirsty and wanted nothing more than to go home and see Tony. On the table in front of Steve, were five black cases carrying a myriad of vials, journals and technology belonging to the un-named ‘enemy’ Steve knew as Hydra.
“You really should meet them sometime. Steve asked me to thank the Starks for everything they’d done but he’s bound to get curious eventually.”
By the end of the third day Tony was feeling well enough to start trailing a line of sweet kisses up and down Steve’s throat and when greedy hands reached past Steve’s boxers, he knew Tony would be just fine.
“It’s none of your business, boy.”
“I’ve done everything I could for them Pegs.”
“The possible insides of a nanorobot.”
It’s dark outside now, the summer heat as finally kneeled in defeat before the darkness and for the first time all day, the outside doesn’t suffocate Tony. They all step out onto the porch and with a wave goodbye Stephen takes Harley and Arlen back into the house.  After another round of hugs, Natasha, Bruce and Loki are quick to walk back to the car but Steve doesn’t follow them. Instead, Steve stays with Tony as they walk down to the bottom of the stairs to give Thor and Sigrid some privacy.
“Because I can’t live without you”
“I don’t want to talk about it Steve.” Tony said once.
“Steve?”
“Steve you’re a genius.”
A tiny smirk works its way through Tony’s lips. But instead of answering he leans in to press his forehead against Steve’s.
Watching Tony and Pepper interact with each other was very quickly becoming Steve’s favorite part of the workday. No sooner had Virginia Potts come into SI’s employment that Tony baptized her as ‘Pepper’ because of her freckles.
“In that case, I’ll move to Cambridge”
Had Tony not been nineteen, he would have questioned Steve about it.
“A lot happened boy but don’t you worry, it won’t happen again. I made sure of that so you can go live your precious little life however you want.”
“Tony can you hear me?”
Sure he’d learned to endure it, the long days at the mansion with no other child to play with, the days in his room spent soldering tiny circuits together. There had been reprieves from the loneliness in boarding school, mischief brought children together after all, but the breaks were short-lived and the feeling endured.
“Because there’s no shirtless hunks running on the beach today and I want to see a shirtless hunk.”
Siggy shrugs and makes a face as if to say ‘well he’s here already.’ Sometimes Siggy reminds Tony so much of Jane that he wants to cry.
They brought the girl back to the tower because it was the closest. She hadn’t said anything since that sentence at the river after which Steve, still in the Commander armour, had taken hold of the girl’s shoulders and walked her to the Babyjet. It’d been a tight fit but they’d managed to squeeze everyone in. Cap wanted them to stick the girl in an interrogation room but Steve had instead directed them all to the tower’s lounge area.
‘Just go along with it for now. Make him trust you, get him to stop the meds and then run.’ It was a solid plan, a good plan that would buy him time until the weather was better. He needed to get used to these surroundings, if he tried to run now Steve would have the element of familiar ground in his favour. He’d probably find him before Tony made it to a major highway. ‘Find a phone, call SI,’ but no, he thought, doing that would just give Steve time to grab him and run somewhere else. Steve had always been a strategist and the likelihood he hadn’t thought and come with different scenarios was unlikely.
A bump here, a dropped mug there. But two weeks later it becomes dropped plates, glasses… hand cream.
“Tony, I know this is gonna be hard to understand but I didn’t do this for money. There will be no ransom, this isn’t about that, this is about me fixing the biggest mistake I ever made. I’m trying to make things right Tony, I wanna try to do right by you this time around”
“And what exactly did you expect me to do, boy? Hold your hand and gently break the news?” There was a cruelty behind Steve’s humor, a side of his husband that Tony had never personally experienced.
A week later, Steve wouldn’t stop cursing himself for having waited so long to do this, to have this. The feeling of Tony filing him up again and again was one he’d never known, and it was one he would never get tired of. He gaped and shivered as Tony whispered sweet nothings in his ear, gasped at feeling semen filling him. At last, Steve thought, at last he was whole.
There was no mountain high enough which Steve Stark would not climb for Tony Stark. There was no argument worth enough to fight over, no person worth spending time away from him for, there was nothing but Tony.
He was especially fascinated with Steve’s explanation about multiple universes, tried to pry as much information away from him as he could about how the machine that brought Steve here worked. Unfortunately for Tony, Steve really didn’t know much about it. He hadn’t been directly involved in designing it after all.
“You think that was an argument?”
Time had always been a spiteful mistress to the Commander. It gave as much as it took and while it seemed to take more and more from Tony with each passing year, it gave it all to Steve. Eventually the day came when the still brilliant genius could no longer do much without help. From sunrise to sunset Tony needed help, whether it was with bathing, combing his hair, dressing, or getting down the stairs, Tony needed help. It often frustrated Tony, being a captive to his own body, but it would have frustrated him into depression had Steve not been the one doing the caretaking.
The apartment was dark and empty when Steve came in.
For the first time in his whole miserable life, Steve Rogers knew peace.
The girl blushed with excitement but Tony was not prepared for the way she rushed into his open arms. She placed her cheek against the side of his shoulder and held him with more strength than he thought possible from such a slim, tiny thing that she was. He hugged her back until she pushed away, tears in her eyes. “May happiness always rain upon you, Sir.” She whispered, a tear trailing down her powdered cheek.
Thankfully for him, Sigrid is also (like her mother) naturally picky with her friendships. So although the girl is undoubtedly popular, she keeps a small close-knit group of friends and spares Tony the pain of having to put up with snotty little brats.
“I’m just yours.”
“We’ll be ok jelly bean, don’t you worry ok? We’ll figure it out.”
There were so many familiar faces yet not a single one had ever recognized him. He’d stared right into the face of Sam Wilson, his High School best friend and not seen even a flash of recognition. It didn’t surprise him, he’d worked hard for that anonymity.
That had been a decade ago, which meant Bruce had abandoned that idea before he got too interested in it. It probably helped that General Ross had been dead for years by then. “I like Bruce, he’s nice.”
Still… Tony never complains.
Years of planning meant that everything was already ready for the Commander. He’d never talked to Tony about it, but the genius had also never asked him why three years ago Steve had had cable hooks installed to the ceiling of the lab. He’d teased Steve about it “Sweetheart, I’m far too old for BDSM” he’d said, almost causing the professional welder affixing said hooks to the ceiling to fall off the raised platform in embarrassment. But he’d never mentioned it again.
Most days Tony felt like wrapping a blanket around the girl and ushering her out towards a garden to go play with her friends, which made absolutely no sense.
The day Tony was set to arrive Steve felt nervous for the first time in fifty years. He wanted… no, he yearned to just…. to just look at Tony smile one more time, to hear his voice, to know they were breathing the same air.
Laura halfheartedly slapped her husband’s hand in reprimand but they all burst into laughter. All except for Cap of course, which was to be expected. The humor that the founding members now shared was one born out of age and the painful acceptance of watching their bodies grow outside of their control. Cap wasn’t there yet, so the humor seemed unnecessarily dark to him.
“Sweetheart! Is everything ok?”
There were tears in Tony’s eyes now, tears that fell on Steve’s chest. His hands reached for Tony, his lips seeking his. He was so engrossed in the scent, the taste and the warmth of his skin that Steve didn’t even realize the tears on his cheeks were his own until Tony stroke his thumbs over the tracks.
“Nothing we didn’t already know, but I was able to secure what we needed for the machine.”
“I love you too daddy.”
‘Fresh start’ he keeps repeating ‘Fresh start.’
“I can’t wait Howard, can’t wait.”
It was Steve’s obvious enjoyment of every task that filled Tony with a sort of peaceful acceptance. For while he could be grouchy because his joints were hurting or because his arthritis was continuing its tireless task of twisting a few of Tony’s fingers into ridiculous angles, how could he remain grouchy when Steve took said finger into his warm palms several times a day and massaged the joint? How could he be depressed when being a ‘burden’ seemed to make Steve Stark the happiest man on earth?
“The Balbo suits you.”
So Tony talked. He retold everything from the moment he was captured, told him how Yinsen had to dig bullets out of his him with no anaesthesia, told him about the waterboarding and how he managed to build a new power source. It was strange but the more Tony talked the lighter he felt, the more he got out the easier he could breathe. Steve watched as Tony transformed before his very eyes into what would soon become Iron Man.
Vivi’s voice cuts through the silence like a violin note. She’s descended from the second floor with Arlen in her arms and Harley close behind her. Her long brown hair is pulled up in a messy high bun and she’s still wearing the same tanktop and short-shorts she went to bed in just five hours earlier.  She walks over, confident as anything and hands him a sleepy seven year old.
Alive with ideas, excited at all the possibilities coming to his reach, Steve reached out to grasp Howard’s shoulder. He schooled his features and modulated his voice into the old ‘Captain America believes in you’ way and looked right into the man’s dark brown eyes.
“I’m sorry we didn’t call ahead, this was very last minute.” He looks at Natasha, searches her eyes for the answers she’s trying to give. She looks sincerely sorry about the ambush, seems almost embarrassed by it. Her whole face is trying to tell him that this was sudden, that they themselves were ambushed and she looks it. She’s still in work clothes for crying out loud. She must have been plucked from her office in New York by a panicked Bruce.
Tony could see the gears turning in Steve’s head, desperately looking for any solution to the problem that didn’t involve Bucky and Cap in the same vicinity as Tony.
“Look Steve, I know you’re in a bad place right now but why don’t I save us a lot of bullshit and give you the answer to the question you’re dancing around? I’m sorry things didn’t work out with Peggy, but we are not getting back together. I barely survived you the first time around and I have no intention of putting myself through that again, especially when I have a kid to think about now.”
Watching the mighty Commander Rogers surrender flattered Tony’s ego something fierce.
Knowing this was going nowhere Peggy dismissed the rest of the men. Once alone in the interrogation room, Peggy looked Steve straight in the eyes and asked him what kind of universe he’d come from.
“Just for the summer, we have a place nearby, but I cannot tell you how busy it’s been over at the hospital where I work? I’m an OR nurse you see, and like the God-sent that they are, Tony and Siggy offered to host us till things calm down at work.”
“Don’t be. Nothing hurts when you kiss me.”
“Bucky, aren’t they a thing?”
Tony Stark had been a well-known womanizer in his Universe; the king of the one-night stands, so could his Tony eventually come to desire a woman? Could he eventually want sex with a woman? ‘No’, Steve assured himself. Tony would never have a reason for it if Steve played his cards right. Up until then Tony had always been the bottom during sex, Steve had never questioned it but now he wondered if it was maybe time to mix up their sex life. After all, in war, a good Commander always knows when it’s time to introduce new technology into a battlefield.
“The blood doesn’t care Steve. It’s still caked on. Jesus what did you do? Bathe in the stuff?”
The Avengers were officially formed in the spring of 2014 by special request from the United Nations.
Long, broad fingers traced the outline of Tony’s stubbly cheek. The rough finger pads running over the skin in a comforting manner.
“I have JOCASTA and FRIDAY working on it as we speak. I also recruited Valeria Richards to help run the simulations.”
“Happy Birthday Sir!”
“Why… am… I…here”
Part of Tony wanted to blurt out that that hadn’t been even remotely close to an argument, but then he thought back to something Steve said to him years ago, back when he was still having nightmares after Afghanistan. “We all handle trauma differently sweetheart. Some self-destruct, others compartmentalize and some use it to make them stronger. It all depends on which type of person you are.”
It was a crisp, Fall morning when they got the Avengers call. Steve and Tony were having breakfast in their kitchen when their phones flashed red. They looked at each other and ran toward the launch platform where the suits waited to engulf them. Strangely, the meet-up point was in in Harlem and suddenly Steve was looking to the sky for signs of aliens. There was nothing, just a clear, beautiful blue-sky morning.
He reached to squeeze the bridge of his nose but found his anti-glare glasses instead. Sighing he took them off, threw them on the holo-table with a careless clang. He looked back towards the right side of the room where Steve was hunched over his own laptop.
“Everything ok?!”
Steve’s eyes crinkled as if Tony had just delighted him.
She was exquisite. Steve lost himself looking at the woman who had stayed loyal to him to the very end. She’d fought battles with him, fought wars for him, broken him out of jails and medical centres. Natasha’s loyalty had never wavered and thanks to her he’d been able to rebuild a nation.
A miracle, the media called it. A miracle achieved through preparation and bullying world governments into action.
“Good morning babe”
Mirth overtook the sad tint in Tony’s brown eyes.
Exhaustion comes next; he’s hard to wake up in the mornings and he can barely make it through the day without taking two naps before it’s even nighttime. The first few weeks they assume Tony must be coming down with something…weeks pass…more things drop from Tony’s clenched hands.
“Will he accept it?”
That’s how Steve Roger’s presidency of SHIELD Inc. comes to an end.
“I adore you.” Steve whispered as he felt Tony’s body relax into sleep under the caresses. Tony’s only reply was a satisfied sigh of his own.
Tony extended his hand, a kind smile framed by his neatly trimmed beard. Eliza looked outright scandalized at the sight of the hand and immediately looked to the High Commander for confirmation. Steve nodded and slowly she lifted her trembling hand to slide it into Tony’s.
Tony’s the only real, good thing he’d ever had… his Tony who’s all goodness and sweetness and kindness.
“I want to do plenty, so how about we make this an extra short walk?”
He could go upstairs, confront his husband, demand an explanation, tell him he had no right to listen in or… he could just go upstairs and find out how Steve’s day went. He could go right into Steve’s arms, could ask what they were having for dinner, could just… not fight. With a sigh and shrug, Tony already knew which one he wanted. Plus, if Steve wanted to tap his phone, Tony would have a hell of a lot more fun with it next time.
“Yeah baby, your fathers are all out of tears now!” Tony yells back and somehow the truth of it is so funny that both Thor and Tony giggle despite themselves.
“You can tell Tony today.”
“Was it that bad between us the first time around?”
From their reflection on the window Steve could see Pepper stiffen and shrug off Tony’s gentle hold on her arms.
It must work, because Tony’s still there. He’s still happy, and funny and brilliant. He still tells Steve that he loves him every single day and still listens to Steve ramble on about how stupid everyone is.
“Little shit.” Mumbles Steve and closes the front door.
Steve thought back to the feeling of the shield as it bashed against armour, the sound of the wind, the biting cold. Thought back to Tony’s bloody face, his accusing eyes…
“I still can’t believe you went street fighting… and at your age!”
Tony would sometimes mutter while layering sunscreen on his skin.
“I’m gonna need to go with Cap and Bucky to Staten Island on Thursday. I need to get some readings and soil samples from the area.”
It made him feel sorry for his husband, for what he must have gone through trying desperately to maintain some semblance of order in a world full of chaos. It made him understand why Steve was such a control freak, he toned it down with Tony but Steve had a reputation for being overly meticulous throughout SI. A High Commander would have to be, he supposed, in order to lead the ruins of humanity.
If Tony wanted to hang out with Rhodey or Bruce or even Jinsen, Steve simply scheduled a coffee date with Pepper or maybe even Fury. He never, ever, did so unless Tony was doing something first.
The question startled the girl but the smiled that filled her face kept him from apologizing.
Happiness is not straightforward, that much Tony has always known. What he never realized is that it is also ever changing. Once upon a time, happiness meant Steve. It was days spent together in their apartment, the sound of his voice, the pleasure of his touch, the intimacy of their shared life. Nowadays, happiness is shrieks of laughter, sticky hands and the look on Siggy’s face every time she looks at her Daddy. Tony’s whole world is now wrapped around meal times and play times and doing little jobs around the house. It’s naptimes and squeezing in work and more meals and shower-time and finally bedtime. He’s so incredibly busy and so utterly engulfed in it all, that when Siggy proudly interrupts his work to announce that “I’m almost FIVE Daddy!” Tony is so shaken that he is unable to continue typing a single more line of code.
“I’m Steve…”
From his spot in the living room Tony looked at the Steve, a huge grin on his face.
“And also upon you.” The familiar voice startled Tony but he relaxed at feeling the weight of Steve’s arm across his shoulder.
“I came to see you. I couldn’t believe it when Thor told me what happened, I mean I knew you’d moved out of New York years ago but I didn’t know where or about Sigrid.”
At first he noticed he was lying on a bed under a blanket. Next he realized he was thirsty, thirsty in a way he’d never been in his whole life. He opened his eyes slowly, drowsy and took in his surroundings. He was in a medium sized room, light blue in colour, drywall all around. It was almost completely bare except for the bed he was lying on and what looked to be a night table by the side, a night table with a bottle of Gatorade on it. He reached for it, noticed it was uncapped and that his hand left hand shook at the movement. Slowly, he wrapped his fingers around the bottle and brought it close to him. As he sat up a little to take a long gulp, a wave of dizziness blinded him. He fought against it, his lips wrapping greedily around the neck of the bottle, gulping down the liquid. Then he noticed something else, his right wrist was cuffed, it was cuffed because he was chained. The sudden wave of adrenaline that filled Tony’s system gave him the strength to sit up on the bed, his head swimming. He took a proper look at the chain then, at one end was his wrist at the other, a bed leg. Interestingly enough, whoever had chained him had bothered to wrap a sweatband around his wrist, beneath the cuff, to prevent it from cutting into him.
“I’m with you until the end of the line Tony.”
Once inside, doors locked, blinds shut, telephone unplugged, Steve checked Tony’s vital signs. His pulse was strong and steady, the portable blood pressure machine showed his blood pressure was a bit low, but nothing to worry about. Smiling to himself, Steve allowed himself to finally take in Tony Stark. He’d aged, of course, so had he, Tony had little lines by his eyes, some strong frown lines between his eyebrows and a few laugh lines which he was glad for, but he was still the most beautiful thing Steve had seen in twenty-three years. His Tony, his fella, his sweetheart was finally within arm’s reach. Steve was no fool, he knew if Tony woke up now he would hate him and he was ready for that hate, he was ready for Tony’s anger and his cutting words. Steve knew that eventually Tony would remember how much he loved Steve and everything would be just as it should have been.
He was crying now, fat salty tears dropping onto Tony’s fingers. It moved Tony, somehow the sight of Steve crying registered deep in Tony’s foggy brain and it made him sad to see it. Tony wiped his fingers over Steve’s cheeks, spreading the moisture and making Steve smile.
“Three-hundred and eighty days Uncle Steve. The timing will be perfect then, plus we need to make sure it’s stable and doesn’t implode.”
“Noooope”
“The hard part is correctly estimating the timeline. Too early and you’ll miss the target, too late and the target is gone.”
“That dress is way too short on her Natasha.”
“I’m sorry.”
Woods, Tony thought, they were hidden in woodland probably in the middle of nowhere. So much for that section on the ‘how to escape a kidnapping’ handbook he remembered reading a billion years ago. Tony felt as Steve placed a warm kiss on his temple, Steve’s lips stretched into a smile against his skin.
Just ten months after Howard Stark drove himself and his wife into a tree, the company he’d started had been gutted and rebuilt by his son. A month after that, Obadiah Stane died from what was deemed a heart attack in his New York home.
“Are you sure Tony?”
“Thanks for doing this” He whispers, a knot firmly stuck somewhere in his larynx.
“Let me blow you sweetheart?”
“Sir, I have something that I need to confess to you.”
“You broke into an enemy base, killed everyone on site and burned it to the ground!”
“A tumour?”
“Away from all your friends too.”
“You have an amazing son Howard and he will grow up to do amazing things, but right now I know he needs more support than you can give him.”
Steve is proud of himself throughout it all. Not once is he short with his love… or angry… or annoyed.
“Everything looks fine.”
“License and registration please” the office instructed, he peered inside the car with the flashlight.
“What’s the bastard’s fault?”
The battlegrounds in his dreams belonged to the ones of his youth. The faces he saw in them were faces of a past that now existed only in a different reality. Sometimes he dreamt of Natasha, of her hair bursting through, like blood across a cloud of dust from the distance. Other times he dreamt of old battles, of gunfire being traded between the Hydra Regime and the resistance, the scent of gunpowder and the burnt smell of laser guns.
“Doesn’t it always?”
Then she collapsed on one knee, her eyes downcast “Our Lord and Saviour” she said aloud and from behind the Commander mask, Steve Stark smiled.
“I love you too, you weirdo.”
Pepper had been over seventy years old the last time he’d seen her alive, it would be nice to see her young and full of life again. With any luck, he could even push her and Rhodes together earlier, have them make more than one kid together. Perhaps three or four… Giving up the thought of looking bereaved since all his sad thoughts were turning around, Steve focused instead on how he could get rid of Obadiah Stane.
“She rang an item three times last time. Had to call her manager to refund me.”
“Why not? I trusted the people who built it” Which is was not entirely true but they’d built it under threats to their lives and families so he was pretty sure it was done right.
“Arlen!” Vivi exclaims, utterly scandalized by the targeted rudeness, but it’s all drowned out by the laughter that follows. Tony has no idea who is laughing harder (maybe it’s him) but Loki, Bruce and Natasha are all shaking with it. Even Steve is cracking a smile although Thor looks completely bewildered. But as offended as Vivi sounds, she doesn’t make the girl apologize for it either. Instead she ushers her children down the hall and up the stairs to the second floor.
Things change a bit in the Stark-Foster household after Tony’s birthday celebration. They’re subtle changes, nothing so grand that anyone would notice. Siggy, however, does indeed notice. She notices the way her Daddy doesn’t get quite so lost in thought anymore. In the way he sometimes smiles to himself instead of pursing his lips as if he’s gotten a papercut. She notices in the way he teases her Aunt Vivi and Uncle Stephen more often. He even tells her the story about the first time he met her biological Dad Thor, and how her parents’ first date has been a double date with her Daddy and his old boyfriend. Sigrid is over the moon with the changes, particularly as she notices her Uncle Stephen is staying the night more and more often. She’s tempted to ask her Daddy if Uncle Stephen and him are boyfriends now, but she senses it’s a touchy subject and lets it be.
“Talk to me?” Steve begged, prayed.
Steve was a master reflector. Someone could ask him if the sky was blue and he would answer that it was the same shade it had always been, and wasn’t that rock on the ground nice?
“You look like a hipster version of the genie from Aladdin!”
Thankfully for everyone involved, the full weight of it hit the genius while he laid awake in bed, Steve’s heavy rhythmic breathing beside him. He felt his legs go weak despite the position, felt his chest grow heavy and felt tears running down his temples. Getting a reign on his muscles, Tony forced himself to sit up and walk toward the bedroom windows.
“Sure!”
It starts out as nothing.
This was how Steve wanted to end his life, with his husband by his side. Determined to not drag this on, the Commander got to work.
“Ok. I appreciate…whatever it is you’re trying to tell me. Moving on, how’s work treating you Nat?”
This time, he is indeed kinder to the spooked cashier… Tony brings it out in him.
“To Tony and to many more birthdays like this one.” Toasts Stephen and finally they drink.
They walked the garden, talking until the sun clearly signalled it was late afternoon and Tony announced he was starving. They made it to the kitchen, skins pink from the sun and found Jarvis already laying down two sandwiches on the kitchen island for them. The old butler looked pleased at their easy camaraderie and there was no mistaking the thankful look Jarvis directed at Steve.
Tony did turn to look at Steve then, Steve who had at some point, sat down on the floor in order to be at eye-level with him. He took in the worried blue eyes, the tense jaw muscles, the slightly furrowed brow.
Bucky Barnes is the last to confirm and the first to arrive. He shows up, tired looking but happy and proceeds to utter a litany of apologies for the last thirteen months.
Tony had been doing that more and more, trying to get Steve to release some control over the little things, to even out the playing field, so to speak. So far Steve was slowly responding to the change but it was all about the baby steps. Tony was ok with being his husband’s obsession, as long as he wasn’t his lord and master as well.
“Yeah?”
“And are you ok with it?”
But someone had harmed Tony. A doctor they’d both trusted had harmed them both with his shoddy knowledge and misdiagnosis. He’d told them it wasn’t a tumour, told them it was nothing to worry about. Dr. Blake had taken precious treatment months away from them and how was he paying for it? By galivanting around New York city like a fucking gigolo with his sleazy charm and steroid pumped body.
They look at each other, a moment of heartbroken communion passing between them.
Like when Tony forgot all about their dinner reservation and left Steve standing alone outside the restaurant. Steve had not exactly been angry at that, he’d been annoyed, certainly but he knew how Tony got when he was in the middle of an Engineering binge so he wasn’t actually angry. Time and war had limited the things that could actually anger Steve Rogers but he saw it as an important teaching opportunity. Like when he cut off the supply routes from Georgia to Minnesota during wintertime because he found out Minnesota was aligning with the Resistance. Several thousand died as a result, but Minnesota eventually aligned with the Regime and everything went smoothly afterwards.
The trip downstairs with Tony in his arms was painfully familiar. It was part of their normal routine, so much so that they’d never bothered installing a lift to their bedroom. “What for? I have my personal elevator right here.” Tony had said. This sunrise however, Steve didn’t stop at ground level, instead he took a turn to the side hallway that led to a part of the house that had been locked for years, Tony’s lab.
“Oh yes! Incredibly different but it makes me appreciate the High Commander’s vision all the more. He worked hard to give us a little of what the planet used to be like before…”
“You want me to tell you? Fine! Yes you WILL live forever, no, you will NOT die by natural causes, nor will you AGE. If this is too much of a problem for you boy, you can pick up your shield, throw it up high and this time… don’t catch it.”
Unemployment this time around is remarkably different. For starters, he awakens sometime around noon to the sound of Tony on a conference call in the living room and the distinct smell of coffee in the air. He moves his ankle… is pleased to discover that he can stand on it. Sure, he won’t be able to work out for a few weeks (especially with his rib), but he’s confident that soon he’ll be back to himself.
Tony didn’t often get hurt.
“Sharon, could you please set up a meeting with Mary? Sometime today.”
After a few minutes of easy chatter and more pictures of Alaska’s new baby daughter, Steve spotted Eliza chatting with a few of the younger recruits. She looked beautiful in her long elegant gown, her hair up in a high bun. Eliza was aging as gracefully as the finest post-utero enhancement geno-therapy could allow (a standard for all Regime military).  Holding on to her arm, stood Rogers looking the very picture of a devoted partner.
Ten o’clock. For the first time in forever Tony knew it was exactly ten in the morning because the large clock on Steve’s wall said so. Tony moved his gaze to the other’s man’s sleeping face and thought about how once upon a time Tony had loved waking Steve up in different ways, sometimes with kisses, others with blow jobs and on one especially memorable occasion, he’d been able to get Steve hard enough and himself prepped quickly enough that he’d downright sunk into Steve for full on sex before the blonde even opened his eyes.
“What is this about?”
They were eating spaghetti in the kitchen table, Tony filthy with sweat and metal dust. There was so much Steve could say, he could say ‘What’s the use?’, or ‘You’re Iron Man’ but instead he settled for the one closest to the truth.
Tony continued to smile while Steve gently ran his fingers through thin, white hair.
“We’ll be alright sweetheart.” He reassures and she believes him.
The old Commander couldn’t bring himself to speak just as he also couldn’t make himself lie to Tony. So he nodded.
“Honey, you remember Natasha and Bruce right?”
And it was. There was so much to do, so much to rebuild but people were alive, governments were standing and the Avengers were actually helping instead of harming. Turning around in Tony’s arms, Steve wrapped an arm around the genius’ back and caressed his cheek with his right hand. He looked into Tony’s eyes, so full of trust, of love and finally… understanding. Steve had a feeling Tony had been prying information out of Eliza the same way he pried secrets off science. That would explain the new expression on Tony’s face when he looked at Steve sometimes.
The glare Steve fixed Tony with left no room for jokes. “We will not be spending enough time with them for that to happen.”
“You, Tony Stark, are the most brilliant human alive.”
Once in the med centre, Steve held back. He stalled, talked to Dr. Jackson about Barnes’ wound, the bullet she’d dug out. She assured him Bucky would be fine (much to his disappointment). Then finally, Steve turned around and went down the hall.
Alexander Pierce had learned many decades ago to be very, very weary of Steve Rogers (Now Steve Stark). His weariness had served him well since Steve hadn’t been able to get rid of him yet. Unfortunately by 2013 Pierce had decided to take a stand on behalf of all those good-old-fashioned Hydra values he held dear and went after the young Steve Rogers living in Brooklyn. He thought the doppelganger was living proof that Steve Stark was from the future, and if so, by killing the young one he could effectively erase the old one.
But Tony silenced him with a palm to his lips.
Gentle fingers stroke patterns across the naked expanse of Steve’s back. Tony’s fingers run smoothly across the skin, mischievous yet comforting.
He’s wearing a loose fitting shirt (surely one of the many he got in Nepal) and casual pants that make him look more like an exotic magician than the owner of this stunning view. The contrast of the minimalistic, professionally designed interior and the hominess of his attire seems so singularly out of place, that Tony is smirking by the time the kids are done greeting their Uncle.
Steve watched as Tony reshaped his company with maneuvers Steve had only thought possible in movies. He sat in meetings with the board, listened to Tony hatch out plans in their bedroom, went to meetings about logistics and acquisitions and profits until all they could manage to do at night was collapse on their bed and fall asleep. For eight months Tony and Steve focused on keeping SI afloat, they faced politicians, businessmen and boards together until they could carry out full conversations with each other with nothing but glances. Tony threw himself with such steadfast resolve to his vision that when Times magazine asked him to be their person of the year, no one was surprised.
With the hope of maybe inducing some sort of mental breakdown, Steve made it his mission to parade as much ‘questionable’ behaviour before Steve Roger’s eyes as possible. From publicly kissing the breath of life out of his husband to accidentally offing one or five enemy hoodlums during missions (when the opportunity presented itself) the good Captain was at a complete loss as to how to deal with Steve Stark.
Everyone said the same thing; “Any day now…” as if that any day wasn’t Tony’s death, but Steve didn’t mind, because that only meant that his own ‘any day’ was fast approaching too.
“Wait, are you Dr. Strange? The famous neurosurgeon?” Interrupts Thor.
Vivi’s grin is pure sin and Tony feels himself blushing scarlet at the unsaid subtext. Stephen’s response is a salacious grin of his own, and he in turn makes a show of clinking his glass with hers in symbol of their draw.
“Because you’re still a genius.”
Steve expected it, knew he couldn’t keep Tony away from making mistakes every now and again.
“Do you know what the hardest hit areas will be?”
“I know, miraculous isn’t it? How one of us hasn’t kicked it yet is still a mystery.”
He was barefoot and the floor beneath him was hardwood, it looked clean and new. The blue walls had recently been painted, he could tell by the lack of marks on them. There was a little window with steel bars high up on one of the walls, from which the last or the first of yellowish sun rays shone through.    Tony ran a hand over the white covers of the bed, they smelled clean and the bed was soft. It was meant to be comforting, he realized. The clean bed, the blue walls, the little window, it was as if whoever was doing this was planning on keeping him for a long time. The thought didn’t scare him as much as it should have, mostly because he felt so drowsy and also so very hungry.
Tony let Steve help him to his feet, a wave of nausea and dizziness hitting him hard. He despised whatever cocktail Steve had him on that left him so utterly useless but he’d claim his victories one at a time. Today he’d be allowed to see the rest of the house, maybe tomorrow he’d convince Steve to ease off on the drugs. ‘Baby steps Stark, baby steps.’
“Fuck it… I’m the boss.”
“You’ve made me so happy Steve.. I know… I know you sacrificed a lot for me but… I love you so much... and I just want to tell you, at least once, how grateful I am for, well for my life. For my life with you. ”
“Figured I can start easing you off the meds a little. Give you a little more room to be yourself, I miss you”
She looked like she didn’t believe him but didn’t press him. “It’s completely normal Tony. You spend enough time with another person and you’re bound to want to strangle them at some point. That’s what relationships are all about, overcoming the arguments and moving ahead together.”
“M’flyin”
“Because you were right, about everything.”
“Nice to meet you Eliza”
“Stephen’s really?”
With his track record, it’s the only promise he feels he can keep.
“Oh Tony” He whispered. Tony was curious, of course he was but the last thing Steve wanted was Steve Rogers anywhere near his husband. “I really would rather we didn’t… he’s not me Tony. We’re not the same at all and I know you feel an obligation towards him but trust me when I say you shouldn’t. SHIELD has him set up in an apartment in Brooklyn and soon I’ll get Barnes out of storage for him. They’ll keep each other company.”
“So you were ogling your sister?”
“Steve, it’s time.” Johann looks almost excited, grinning, with two thugs by his side.
There was pure teenage level teasing in Tony’s voice and half the group cracked up in delighted laughter.
From their home fifty stories above ground, Steve looked at the buildings and houses that had crumbled down, not that many considering the magnitude of the quake and aftershocks not to mention, no loss of life. The tower which was earthquake proof, had served as shelter for thousands of New Yorkers.
“As if you don’t snuggle up to Tony ever chance you get.”
The words were reserved for soldiers about to go into a mission of no return, but he felt they were apt for this circumstance. Steve knew firsthand that survival was oftentimes the greatest of sacrifices.
“Sure, that looked good.”
Steve loved it, leaned in to tell Tony so in his ear. Steve could almost hear the fight Tony and Pepper must have had over the palette, could imagine Pepper’s objections until Tony finally dug in his heels. Then it finally dawned upon Steve… they were married.
Then came the week Steve had to go on a mission for SHIELD.
Finally, two months after the word ‘obsession’ first made its way into Tony’s consciousness; he was beginning to understand what it actually, really… meant.
“You’re a miracle worker.”
Steve kissed his husband’s cold lips, made sure that Tony’s corpse was held securely in his arms as he got up from the bed.
Perfectly darkened eyelashes lowered as she dipped down her chin, a sign of respect. A heartbeat later, information was pouring out of her lips like water from a tap. In just seven minutes Steve learned every new detail and roadblock about the plan to create Avenger branches all over the world. A network of superheroes guided under one principle and overseen by an impartial council. It’d been a long time coming but the road there had not been problem free. Cap for one, was not thrilled about the new model and it had led to a great deal of internal conflict between the older Avengers and the newer recruits.
“Hi Sigrid.” Says Bruce, a real smile on his lips.
‘You could drive right off it.’ He thought and sped towards it. He pictured the scene in his head, hitting the ground would hurt, his limbs twisting every which way, his head crushing against the ground but then there would be nothing, no more regrets, no more pain. As the motorcycle buzzed toward the bridge the single headlight caught the post of a tall sign. He looked up, instinctively, for no reason, only to find himself staring into the bright static eyes of the love of his life.
Tony was all apologies when he finally made it home, he’d rushed to the restaurant first and after seeing the staff cleaning up for closing time, he’d rushed home. A million “So sorry” were said, a few “Baby, please forgive me” but Steve knew what could hit Tony like nothing else.
“I’ll try not to.”
“So now you do know what you put me through?”
This was what Tony had wanted, what Tony had provoked, just a taste of the real High Commander Rogers hiding beneath Steve Stark. In those eyes Tony could catch the whiff of a dictator, the trace of something so dark and violent it sent chills down his spine.
“Test me Howard. I can prove it’s me.”
How Tony must have destroyed himself. How he must have hated seeing himself reflected in the mirror.
Steve’s fingers could not pull the desired resumé fast enough. He held it like a winning lottery ticket and dumped the rest back on the coffee table.
Immediately Steve’s eyes went to Tony’s chest looking for signs of the Arc Reactor… incredibly enough there was nothing there. The glow stayed with the iron armour, it wasn’t part of Tony. Steve tasted relief with its sweet nectar. They hadn’t been able to use a fragment grenade, not a Stark, not a Hammer not any of the other ones because they’d had to bust into a US military base, guns blazing. As a result Tony hadn’t gotten shrapnel in his arteries which meant there’d been no hack heart surgery and the recovery time from any other wound was quick enough that Tony had had enough time to get right into making the armour.
“You’re in luck!” Johann’s smile pulls at the scars on his cheeks, making it look like a painful grimace. “I’ve got something at 7.”
“Here it is officer” Steve took out both from the glove compartment and watched with a tired smile as the officer shone his flashlight at his credentials.
‘We’ll figure out a good place for her after all this is over… Not SHIELD, somewhere she can make a life.’ He thought, placating his worried conscience.
He was lying on Steve’s bed, sleeping beside Steve… naked. As his body began to tense and panic settled in, Steve turned to his side and opened his brilliant blue eyes.
“The real Bucky Barnes? How did he survive?”
He’d made it. He’d done it. Now he could only hope it wasn’t the 1970’s or even early 1980’s. Getting to his feet High Commander Ro-no, Steve Rogers, secured his backpack on his shoulders and started walking.
Steve smiled at the reference, relaxing at the familiar territory of the old inside joke.
He didn’t care.
Already sweating, Steve looked downright pornographic as he stalked up to his husband. But Tony took the bait and reached out to map out a line on Steve’s chest from clavicle to navel.
This time it was Steve who snorted out a laugh while Eliza turned the brightest shade of red Tony had ever seen on her. Ultimately it was Steve who took pity on the girl and steered the conversation back toward safer ground, thus allowing Tony to gather his thoughts for later. Their easy conversation continued for another half hour before Eliza politely took her leave. She hugged Tony hard when they said goodbye, relief written all over her face and suddenly Tony wondered how long she’d been fearing his reaction.
‘Widen your sample size’ he thought which was why he found himself blurting out the question to Pepper during a car ride to the Stark storage facility.
“Sweetheart, could you do me a favor please? Could you go upstairs and ask your Aunt Vivi to order some food for lunch?” Siggy turns to look up at her Daddy’s face. Her eyes are teary but she seems to be holding up pretty well.
“Edwin Jarvis, it’s an honour Captain Rogers.”
“Not to mention the restraining order she would slap you with.” Adds Loki.
“I came here for you.”
He says it so matter-of-factly that Bruce flinches.
It hit more when the riots began and the true violence broke out. When the streets were filled with looters and refugees and displaced citizens who wanted change at any cost.
“Would Tony still see you the same way if he knew the truth about you?”
Tony Stark was no therapist, or philosopher or Psychiatrist but he knew his husband.
With tears in her eyes, she deletes Dr. Evelyn Foster’s account, closes her laptop, dries her face and goes downstairs to give her Daddy a big hug.
“I don’t care, we’re talking about it. You think I’ve never been kidnapped and tortured before in my life? I was in a Hydra prison cell for sixteen months Tony.”
“No. No it is not, but there is no remedying it now.”
“That’s the thing, I’m thinking I’m actually the one who’s been hurting YOU. And that? That’s pretty awful Steve.”
Steve had met Killian at a party with Tony, thought the man a weasel right away. Tony had politely rejected Killian’s ‘offer’ of financing his project but knowing what was to come, Steve kept tabs on the man. Killian had gone off looking dejected but not furious, it’d intrigued Steve. The first time around Killian had supposedly left with murder in his eyes pointing towards Tony.
“No! Actions matters, trust matters! Without any of that love isn’t worth shit!”
“No! They’re not a thing! They’re not even queer Tony.”
Then came the day the White House ordered the Avengers to maintain the peace at any cost, even at the loss of life. The day when the President ordered Captain America to fight hungry, homeless, angry American citizens to protect the status quo. That was the day Captain America died, the day Steve Rogers realized the world was not as he had thought.
Brown pools of vulnerability looked back at him, eyes which had never seen a day without Steve in it for nineteen years.
“Thank you so much, sugar!” She gushes and smiles a tired, warm smile at him.
“He’ll regret it Tony. Maybe not tomorrow but one of these days he’s going to realize how much he fucked up.”
Steve’s hungry grin is all the reply he needs.
“Nope, we’re about ten minutes away from getting drunk enough to giggle and people will hear us out there.”
“You’re always the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.”
For a moment, Tony considers asking what the ‘everything’ is exactly, but he doesn’t want to draw this out. He knows what Steve means because he still remembers exactly what he yelled at Steve when they broke up.
They sit there, sharing light hearted chatter until Siggy walks over to Tony. She throws her arms around him and does not stop until she’s sitting on her dad’s lap, her face pressed against his neck like she does whenever she’s feeling overwhelmed. Sigrid is tall for her age, her legs dangle uncomfortably off the side of the chair but she seems unbothered by it. Tony reacts by simply holding her tighter and pressing kisses onto her hair, all the while continuing a conversation with Natasha and Loki about law firms.
He’d spent the better part of the past month and a half town-hopping, drinking and picking fights. Sometimes he fought for gas money, others, for fun and while his anger simmered unextinguished his body was beginning to complain. His knuckles, now permanently purple and swollen, hurt when he gripped the handles of his motorcycle, his torso, matted with colourful blotches of purple and blue hurt when he walked. Not that anyone would have noticed just by looking at him, Steve walked, calmly, confidently away from the alley and onto the barely lighted street to look for his bike. He found the old Harley right where he left it. He’d won the bike just a year ago at a game of poker, just as he’d won his last four bikes.
They’d spoken about it before, about the world Steve came from and Howard understood Steve was here for a ‘greater’ cause, to ‘save’ the earth. With that knowledge of a future weighting heavily on his mind, Howard agreed to Steve’s idea. Offered to set him and Tony up in an apartment together, after all Tony’s best friend James Rhodes would be graduating soon and going back to full service in the military, so the timing couldn’t be better.
“Who was that?”
“I do too”
“I’m putting a lot of trust in your hands right now Tony. Please don’t make me put you back in that ice box, ok?”
“Is it time for food yet?”
“You… left… me”
“Don’t mention it Captain.”
“Nothing we could find. She was very young when her parents died and she was brought up in a Regime-run orphanage.”
Steve has turned his head to look at his love and Tony knows just by seeing his face that Steve will not accept bullshit.
“Yes?”
Arlen smiles but the big sparkly crystal tiara that is precariously balanced on top of her head begins tilting to one side. She’s quick to fix it, one hand going to smooth out her princess dress while the other keeps the tiara in place. While Siggy has never been a girly girl, Arlen takes prisoners and converts them into tea party servants without impunity. As they’ve grown older Siggy and Harley have gradually become more independent from Tony, but Arlen has gone the opposite direction. Vivi thinks it’s because she’s holding on to abandonment issues. Tony honestly couldn’t care less, he’s just happy to still have a baby who needs him. And need him she does, from bringing him into her games to sticking as close to him as she can get away with, Arlen has become his shadow.
High Commander Rogers had no friends.
Steve was a gambling man and a good one at that. He knew every gambling game known to man and he won often enough to keep him in honest living. Not that he cared much about that anymore. Steve didn’t care much about anything anymore, not since Bucky announced he was staying in Georgia with Marlene. They were expecting a baby! He’d said, he wanted to marry her and get his life together.
“Pepper, is arguing normal in a relationship?”
“Let’s get you to bed Tony”
“It’s actually quite small and very embedded in the brain tissue so it’s not surprising that it took so long to find.”
“How’s it going gramps?”
A kiss on Tony’s forehead is Steve’s only reply. He enjoys the warmth of the skin against his lips and breathes in the smell of lotion.
He knew those eyes so well, he still drew them in every corner of his mind. He remembered the way those brown eyes would look at Steve, so tender, so trusting. He remembered those eyes peeking out from a blanket in the morning still half asleep. He remembered kissing those eyelids, his eyebrows, cheeks, remembered his lips. Remembered those lips mouthing ‘I love you’ against his again and again, everything he would never have.
Rhodey visiting meant free license for Tony and him to get into all sorts of ridiculous trouble. Steve liked it that way, understood the importance of Tony acting his age as long as Rhodes was there to rein him in. They’d go out to clubs, dance a bit and come back to the house around two or three in the morning. This time however, when Tony returned, he smelled like a woman’s cheap perfume and there was lipstick in his collar.
Ribs wrapped, hands soothed and an ice-pack on an ankle, Steve finally sits down to eat. Over a bowl of pasta, he tells Tony about Peggy’s betrayal, about his company… about the rage. He’s calm enough to enjoy Tony’s shocked outrage on his behalf, soothed enough to bathe in Tony’s understanding.
Finally, once the food has been consumed and the sun is marking the incoming late afternoon, Bruce clears his throat.
Both Steve and Jarvis worked around the moods, made their best to keep him talking about it and keep Obadiah away from the grieving man. Unsurprisingly Steve and Jarvis made a good team, together they got Tony to eat, to sleep, to cry and eventually to smile. As the days passed Tony began to stabilize, to heal, and the anger that had been simmering beneath the surface began to boil to the top. This anger finally exploded two weeks later when Stane was finally allowed to visit the new heir. He spoke about the company, about how important it was for Tony to continue his father’s legacy, and that was the moment in which an enraged Tony Stark assured Obadiah Stane that SI would cease weapon production effective immediately.
Steve took hold of Tony’s right hand, ran his index finger up the length of the arm and back down, feeling Tony relax under his touch. It’d be different now, with them back in New York, with Pepper and Rhodey under the same roof. Renovating the SI New York branch had been a necessity, turning it into the first ever vibrantium Arc Reactor powered building was visionary. If everything went well it would become the first ever real alternate source of clean power on the planet.
“Sure.”
“Princeton, we went to visit my sister there.”
“I’m sorry I hurt you.”
Tony purposely killed the last note, sending his voice into what could only be described as a drag show gone terribly wrong. He made a showman’s bow although Steve was still laughing too hard to appreciate it, but a minute later the man was more or less recovered.
“Homemade chocolate cake?”
Everyone is given a chance to recover when Vivi appears holding a tray of glasses and a pitcher of icy water. She settles the offerings on the coffee table along with a few cans of soda.
Tony Stark had once lived in the penthouse of a tall building overlooking all of Manhattan, he now lived on top of a mountain overlooking trees and a river. He’d not gone back to see his old kingdom in the last four years, but he’d still seen plenty of his old friends since. They came to stay with them sometimes, Sam and Thor, Clint and his brood, Natasha, Pepper, Peter, Rhodey and Bruce. They came to visit often enough, took the guest room that had once been Tony’s cell and talked for ages about how nice it was up here, how beautiful the trees were and how blue the sky was. They thanked Tony’s lucky stars that Steve had saved Tony from his AIM kidnappers (for the organization had eventually claimed the feat) and enjoyed getting to know their old friend again. Steve for his part always acted the part masterfully, he was humble and amiable and funny. He suited Tony’s persona and never crowded them.
A rush of warmth surged through Tony, electrifying and addictive. In just one phrase Steve managed to give rest to the surging demons, because who in the world would be willing to put up with all this crap for Tony’s sake?
“I can make it myself Tony!”
“Twelve percent?!”
“I’ll always be older.”
That bridge came quicker than Steve would’ve liked.
The end of the twentieth century was everything Steve thought it would be. They were invited to at least a dozen parties and went to only one. They stood there on one of the top floors of the Empire State building as thousands of people in the streets shouted and partied like the end was coming. They drank champagne and danced and kissed until Tony’s eyes grew heavy and Steve asked Happy to take them home.
“How wonderful to see you all!” She greeted, her voice melodic against the contrast of indecipherable party chatter.
The complaint is equal parts pain, pleasure and reproach. He’s accepted that he’s going to be sitting on his foam donut for the rest of the day but he’s not thrilled about it.
“How are you Vision?”
“But why am I still dropping things?”
Tony watched Eliza the same way a worried parent watches over their teenage daughter at a school dance. He wasn’t aware of it, of course, but every other person in the room was. The girl was currently trying out her newly-learned seduction skills (courtesy of Natasha) on SI’s head of marketing. She had come a long way from the Regime-brat who’d almost landed on water and Tony suspected it had a lot to do with Steve’s mentoring. He appeared to be carefully grooming the girl for something, but neither Eliza nor Steve was admitting to anything.
“Well it also makes sense for him at a financial level. A partnership between Pym Technologies and SI Solutions is exactly what they need to inject some badly needed revenue.”
Vivi only laughs as she maneuvers the car into the underground parking of Stephen’s condo.
“Of course she was, she’s brilliant.”
Notes:
“I hope I don’t regret it.” Stephen’s eyes cast an anxious glance at the children pottering around his living room and balcony.
Smiling, Tony slides an arm across his daughter’s back and tugs her closer. “Sure it is. She knows the whole story already. In fact, Helen showed her the contract last year and she read the whole thing.”
“It feels like we haven’t talked in a while, my bad, I’ve been cooped up in my lab trying to figure out the new clean energy power grid. So… how’re things going?”
“Yes she is, would you like me to call her?”
“Why Dr. Strange! Are you inviting me to share a bed with two men?” Vivi’s voice is pure glee at the scandal but Stephen is too tired to humour her.
There was such love and adoration in those brown eyes, such utter trust. Steve stared in awe at all that was reflected and more. Unable to resist, he got on his knees, both hands holding the desk chair’s arms to effectively trap Tony in place.
“I’ll give you $200”
“Just eat your spaghetti and stop worrying about it.”
“High Commander”
“I’ll give you a day job at SI Steve, something you’ll like just while you get used to things.”
“It’s fine Tony, you just disappointed me that’s all”
“But what if I call out Steve and he turns around instead?”
“Good thing I’ll have plenty of that where we’re going. Right cupcake?”
Thor wraps and arm around Tony’s shoulders and together they make their way to the front of the house.
“Sh’teve, yu’r crushin me”
Leave it to Tony to know exactly how to get the information he wanted out of him.
“We’re gonna have to find a way to tell the two of you apart.”
Tony rolled his eyes, his shaggy brown hair falling over his temple. Some days Steve could hardly believe how young Tony looked. Between the plumpness of his face, the smoothness of his skin and the glow of every cell…he looked like Tony and yet… not.
“What are you trying to say Steve, just say it!”
“You really shouldn’t bother him so much about deadlines Howard. He’s young, he should enjoy himself.”
“I’ll be sorry to lose you, but I know you’ll be happy there.”
Eliza was a cute little thing. She had long dark hair which she always wore up and a stiff way of walking which made her look like she was always marching. Most adorable however, was the way she utterly melted when Tony so much as walked into a room.
Once downstairs, Steve laid his husband down on one of the bare worktables. He smiled while combing back Tony’s white hair with his fingers, made sure to straighten his robe and his arms. Leaning over, Steve pressed one last scorching kiss to a cold cheek.
The look Loki gives Tony is one of pure, unfiltered relief and Tony cannot help but chuckle.
“When the hell did I get so clumsy?!” Tony always asks, angry at himself while he cleans whatever mess he’s made.
“All colors imaginable.”
In the darkness of the room, without anyone to see it, Tony smiles. He finally feels like a weight has been kicked off his gut, like he can finally swallow without the weight of Steve Rogers in his stomach. He can finally breathe without feeling like he is a walking wronged person. Because that’s what he’s been feeling like, like a person who was damaged and wronged and hurt by another. And he has been, of course he has but maybe that’s not his mistake, his weight to carry. He can let it go because it’s led him to be Siggy’s Dad, and Harley and Arlen’s uncle, and Vivi’s best friend and Stephen’s… friend-with-benefits… person.
“Steve I’m not even going to be leaving the base. I’ll be with Rhodey and a base-full of Marines the whole time.”
The ugly memory of icy air and violent shivering flashed in Tony’s mind and he quickly voiced his distress.
“That contract, I knew nothing about it before, I never signed it! I didn’t even know that…” Thor’s voice is pure anguish and he looks up at Tony with the desperate eyes of someone who’s just now realized all that he could have had.
The silence that followed was deafening in comparison to the anger that had just left. Tony knew he should do something, move at least, but he just didn’t seem to manage it. He thought about going back downstairs, pretend he didn’t hear anything but…
Smelling an opportunity when he saw one, Steve thought it the perfect timing to introduce Pepper and Rhodey. Tony was still feeling too sad to act territorial so he sent Rhodey off to New York with Pepper to close a sponsorship deal.
“There’s a lot of things you don’t know about me.”
“What?”
Tearing her eyes off her lap, Eliza sank into the distraction offered and focused her attention on the television once again.
His heart is beating so loudly in his eardrums that he can barely make out his own voice. Just minutes ago the house had been so full of noise he hadn’t even heard the doorbell, yet now in pindrop silence he can’t hear his own voice. He must look a sight because all of a sudden he feels Sigrid’s hand in his. He looks down at his daughter, his beautiful little girl and swallows down the panic in his throat.
With one last slap on the back, both men pull away smiling. Tony turns around, concentrating on locking the baby seat into the car seat like he practiced. Once Siggy is secured, he climbs onto the driver’s seat, waves goodbye to Bruce and turns on the car.
Age had also done something to Tony that Steve had not expected. Like a soft, merciless eraser it had slowly rubbed away at Tony’s need for independence. The man who could solve time travel no longer wanted to go off by himself to an office, a store or even to a meeting. He no longer went on solo R&D meetings at the company or even organized nights out with Bruce and Rhodey. Instead he now asked Steve to drive him to the meetings, to stay for the drinks, to be at his general health physicals. In a way, it felt a like back to when they’d started dating, back when Tony needed Steve’s approval for everything.
Siggy returns the greeting and tries to ignore the stare of the tall, blonde man nearby. Sigrid knows exactly who the tall man is, she recognized him immediately from the pictures she has of her mom.
And Steve did just that…
One word (Steve has learned) can sometimes carry a full reproach.
“Shit, you’re serious aren’t you?”
“They are quite well. Christine asked me to extend her most sincere gratitude for your reference. She was admitted into the genetics lab.”
He can figure it out when he actually has to, but for the most part it’s just one other thing he never thinks about. It occurs to him one day, while making Arlen a sandwich that he’s actually still in his mid-thirties despite the fact that he could have sworn he was hitting forty. He’s simply led a very busy life, from skipping ahead grades, starting College early and being in a committed relationship for so long to even becoming a father, he’s simply been really, really busy.
“Why?”
Thor looks torn, his heart and mind fighting an internal battle that is clearly visible on his face. Only Siggy’s voice cuts loud and clear though the battle.
“Steve! As I live and breathe. I haven’t seen you in a while.”
“Oh good, then I’m not the only one.”
“I love you”
By the time they finally curl up in bed together, skin against skin… the rage is gone.
“Happy birthday Tones” Said Rhodey, his voice the very definition of fond suffering.
This is for every single person who has taken the time to support my little one-shot. Thank you for your comments, your Kudos, your favorites. I hope you like it. There is no real plot to this, it's just Tony' character study but I hope I did you proud.
“Do you have the message?”
Ten years ago, when the time had come for Iron Man and Commander to retire their suits, Tony suggested moving to a cottage by a lake. Steve’s reply had been a very heavy frown.
“What?”
“What he wants, I never would’ve been able to give him Bruce. I’m not a woman, and Siggy isn’t his.”
“Is there anything you’d like to do to this hunk?”
“But circumstances have changed…”
If everything went as planned, Eliza would continue to control Cap well after the Starks were gone. She would be his leash and one less thing for the Commander to concern himself with.
For a moment Tony was sure he’d finally pushed too far. Steve’s eyes filled with rage and he imagined himself on the receiving side of a backhand but instead of pain, Steve crushed Tony against his chest, his arms wrapping around Tony’s torso in a bruising grip. Steve buried his face in Tony’s neck and it wasn’t until Tony noticed his shoulder was wet that he realized Steve was crying. He raised his arms then, reached around Steve’s waist and held him tightly.
Time stopped for the Commander, breaths were held, light stopped travelling and his mind reeled as neurons painted Tony’s beautiful face onto his permanent memory. Tony was glowing, his eyes were full of love, his smile was real and the happiness in his face was not a product of anything other than Steve’s love. This was his prize, this was his reward, this was his afterlife.
“Edwin, have you met Captain Rogers?”
“Nothing sweetheart. Go to sleep, I’ll take you back to bed in a moment.”
So a beachside cottage was chosen and Tony was all the happier for it. Sure they had to keep an eye out for hurricanes every year, but the house had been built to withstand anything nature could throw at it so he didn’t worry. In fact, his favorite thing to do during a hurricane was to sit in front of their hurricane-proof glass windows on the living room couch, tucked into Steve’s side. There was something beautiful about the fury of nature right outside their home, comfortable in the knowledge that Steve would always keep him safe.
“Not yet, the party doesn’t start until seven.”
“Coming right up!”
“What the fuck are you talking about Steve?”
Instinctively, the Commander placed a hand on his husband’s leg, enjoying the way the bone felt against his palm. Did all spouses love each other the same way he loved Tony? He doubted it. Just last week Clint had confessed that him and Laura had gotten into such a bad argument that Clint ended up staying at one their kid’s homes for a week.
Another reason Tony was so unique.
Regret’s a nasty thing. It bites at you, tears at flesh and pokes at the open wound with poison. The more regrets, the worse it is and Steve had a lot of regrets. He’d caused a lot of pain and not just from the nobodies he’d beaten up along the years, those didn’t matter, no… he’d caused pain to the love of his life. He’d broken the heart of the love of his life and for what? For an ungrateful best friend who was now shacking up with some slut he’d just met!
“Tony?”
There was such desperation in the question, such pure self-loathing that Steve could kill Howard with his own hands for his role in it.
“That’s good since soon enough I’m the one who’s going to look like I robbed the cradle.”
“Tony? Sweetheart?”
Steve Stark despised Steve Rogers.
“Thor you can’t” Loki sounds annoyed by the suggestion, like this is a conversation they’ve had and cleared before coming here.
“Yeah?”
Automatically, Steve’s gaze lifted from the screen.
He rushed to Tony, his eyes taking in the rustic iron armour, the paleness of his face, his thinness. Steve wasn’t thinking when he broke open the iron with his bare hands, didn’t breathe until Tony fell into his arms and hugged him with the same desperation. As soon as Steve let go Rhodey replaced him and Tony let out a whispered “Platypus” that sounded like music. Behind them the sound of open fire could be heard. Both the military and SHIELD were in, stepping in each other’s toes, taking in prisoners left and right.
Steve felt strong arms wrap around his waist, squeezing rightly. He pressed his hands over the arms, took in the comfort offered.
Her pupils dilated and that was as much surprise as her face revealed.
He had to hand it to Tony, he sure knew how to make introductions. He watched the shock that filled the other Steve’s eyes as recognition set. There were differences, Steve Stark was older, he had a well-trimmed beard which he’d started growing two years ago and his clothes were custom-made, but nonetheless he was Steve Rogers.
Which is why exactly seventy-six hours later, Steve finds himself blindsided.
Bruce still looks worried, regardless of how many times Tony has explained the move to his old friend, his Code-Bro, Bruce still hates it.
“I can still do the work Peggy wanted me to from there and I’ll find some work in the area to tie me over.”
Weeks pass, yet the realization that Dr. Blake may have been wrong is slow coming. Not because they don’t see it, live with it, adapt to it everyday… but rather because the thought that something might actually be wrong is too great to accept. It’s not until Tony (casually) mentions it one day while eating dinner, that Steve allows himself to think about it.
Even Pepper and Rhodey had issues from time to time, especially with Rhodey’s health deteriorating so rapidly. Everyone had issues, fights, problems, everyone except him and Tony. They were the perfect couple, the exemplary couple. Him and Tony had been born to be together and Steve had done everything in his power to make sure that they were.
The look Steve answers with makes Johann snort out a laugh.
Iron Man’s hand pointed at the general direction of the sky but from behind them the sound of what was affectionately named the ‘Babyjet’ came closer and closer. In seconds Natasha had the Babyjet parked.
“He’s still out of the country. I heard he’s not coming back anytime soon.” Time had turned Natasha into a major gossip and the glint in her eye made him smile with delight.
Steve reluctantly agreed. It would look better for SHIELD if Pierce was killed by agents in self-defence.
Drugs had not been touched since the first night they kissed. Steve made it clear after that that he wouldn’t tolerate Tony taking recreational drugs ever again. The warning had been strong enough that Tony had stayed away. But what could Steve do to make sure Tony didn’t fall onto the temptation? What could Steve do, other than scare tactics, to ensure his Tony would not repeat old patterns?
“-or everything you’ve done for us.”
During Tony’s moments of lucidity when the medications (for he was sure there were many hidden in hid food and drink) wore out a little, he’d try to figure out how long he’d been in that room for. He’d think of the number of times Steve had helped him change his clothes, or how many times he’d seen daylight since arriving, but no matter how hard he tried he just couldn’t make sense of it. Time had stopped having meaning, there were simply meal times and bathroom times and dressing times. The times in between were readings times, hours and hours of listening to Steve read any book of modern and past literature. Tony couldn’t always follow along but eventually the sound of Steve’s voice became more important than the story.
Currently however, the employees are merely staying outside the line of fire. They can hear Steve shouting “HOW DARE YOU!” and “HOW COULD YOU?” with notable repetition but then ten minutes in, it’s all mostly over. Steve signs a document that Peggy hands him and he storms out of the office like a twister that’s done tearing up a barn.
“Why don’t we go on Wednesday then? We can bring Bruce”
There’s a rage bubbling inside him as he marches through the streets of Manhattan. His muscles are coiled with tension, his face flushed and tense. Instinctively, people move away from him as they pass him but nothing comes within Steve’s vision.
“Was less exciting and more frustrating than anything. But enough about me, how’re you feeling Tones?”
“How are your children and grandchildren?”
Immediately her eyes widened, recognition setting it so quickly that he could have been family even if they’d never met.
Taking the hint, Natasha, Bruce, Steve and Loki rise from their seats (though not before grabbing glasses of water from the tray) and follow Tony to the living room area just behind a half wall. The gesture is more symbolic than anything, because it soon becomes clear that the mostly open-plan floor leaves little room for privacy. Sitting around a table across from Steve Rogers is not a place Tony ever thought he would find himself in ever again. Steve looks as good as ever. His athletic physique has not changed and the only new additions to his face are soft creases that may one day become crows feet.
“Sorry Pepper, you know how he gets” Steve kissed Pepper’s cheek in greeting and she laughed at the sight in front of her.
‘That’s good’ he thought, ‘It means they want to keep me alive for now.’
Smiling gently, his eyes kind and voice modulated Steve told her the truth.
Steve’s heavy footsteps echoed even against the hardwood, even after twenty-one years here he still walked like a commander.
Despite his urgency, High Commander Rogers took a moment to behold the Iron Man carved in marvel looming over them. It was an exquisite work of art, all smooth lines and careful detail. It made him think back to the first time he entered Tony’s workshop at the old tower. He focused in on the memory of Tony hammering away at a piece of metal to test its strength, goggles firmly in place, hair slick with sweat.
“Did the Tony Stark in your universe have the same kind of life I’ve had? Or was he miserable and alone?”
“I find that hard to believe.”
Steve looks at the old wooden bar, the dusky mirror behind the bottles, the questionable bar stools.
“What?” There was hurt in Tony’s brown eyes but challenge and bitterness in his voice.
This was his Tony, his husband, his love. This man in his arms was the holy grail at the end of his life-long journey, his heaven. But this life was soon coming to an end, this heaven was running its course. The skin of the arm across his chest was no longer plump and elastic. The face pressed against his neck had light creases and spots.
Spring turns to Summer, and as dictated by nature, children begin their yearly migration into Tony’s house. Most of them don’t stay (they do tend to return to their homes before it gets dark) but there’s always at least three children running around the yard, in and out of the house and all around his general vicinity. This year’s ‘cool’ summer obsession is building a marble machine and so Tony finds himself supervising five children (Siggy and Harley’s friends) as they design and attempt to build, said marble machine.
“I don’t want to know Steve…. I just… I just want you to know… how thankful I am for the life you’ve given me.”
Despite Steve’s original reservations, sculpting is the relief he’s always sought but never found. He loves the way his hands slide across the clay, moulding it into anything he wants. The texture of it can be almost as slippery as the blood he never got to touch (he couldn’t risk leaving a fingerprint), and the smooth give of his blade sinking into the clay is even more satisfying than the real thing.
It wasn’t until he was back at the tower that a thought crept up the back of his neck, something that could only come from twenty-nine years of knowing Steve.
After a few quick placating answers Tony promptly excused himself and fled to the safety of the upstairs bedrooms leaving Steve alone with Howard.
“Of course sweetheart… Look there’s Pepper and Rhodey!”
And Tony really did know this. It’d been proven time and time again over the span of twenty years to the point Tony was sure Steve had unresolved trauma around sex. Nevertheless when Tony bit Steve’s lower lip, he had nothing but the need to claim in mind. He pushed, shoved and kissed Steve until they could focus on nothing but the feel of one another.
As usual, it took a while before Steve finally squeezed in next to his husband. For although they all loved Cap, when it came to conversing the founding members preferred Steve Stark. Perhaps because even though Steve looked unchanged, his world revolved around the same issues and challenges they faced.
Steve doesn’t reply, he just nods and walks to the car. Up on the porch Thor has Siggy wrapped up in a hug which ends with him lovingly kissing Siggy’s forehead.
Clay soothes the rage…
Epilogue
He finished the bottle of Gatorade and was placing back on the nightstand when he heard the wooden door unlock. The adrenaline returned and Tony braced himself for whatever came, pushing the dizziness away. The door was pushed open slowly, revealing, little by little, a tall, broad man carrying a food tray. Once fully inside the room the man used his back to shut the door and Tony looked at his face.
The moment Tony finally confessed to Steve how much he despised designing weapons, was the day Steve felt something inside himself break wide open. Tony went on and on for hours about all the changes he wanted to implement to SI. How he wanted to dump the entire weapons sector, how he wanted to concentrate on technology and telecom networks and AI’s. Tony spoke on and on about the future he envisioned for SI with the excitement and hope of an entrepreneur until his throat was dry and his voice hoarse. That night, after sucking Tony off in bed until the genius was too drowsy to complain, Steve did something he rarely ever did. He picked up the sleeping, naked genius and walked to the armchair by the window of their bedroom. He sat down with Tony settled cross ways on his lap, his head resting over Steve’s heart, his calves hanging off the armchair’s side. Their bedroom window overlooked a park in a mostly quiet neighbourhood. Steve liked to sit on that chair to have his morning coffee after his run. Tony was usually still asleep then, so he relaxed while looking out the window and listening to Tony breathe.
Steve watched carefully as Tony’s brown eyes widened, as his mouth parted as if in a gasp and the weight of what he’d just been feeling was replaced by another weight, one that brought colour to his cheeks and awe to his eyes.
Half an hour later, Steve had cleared the room and had Tony back in the car. It was now nine thirty and they were right on schedule. It would take them eight hours to get to the cabin and Steve was planning on driving all night, after all, the quicker they got there the more likely their trail would go cold. Unbeknown to Steve, the timing for the deed couldn’t have been better. The month prior, Tony Stark had received an anonymous threat from an extremist group known as Hydra who wanted SI to resume their weapons manufacturing division. Pepper and Scott Lang, the head of security, had notified the NYPD and it’d be this lead which would wash out Steve’s trail for months to come. At present time however, Steve was being cautious and upon reaching New Hampshire they switched cars. The plates from the car he’d driven in New York were duplicate plates from an unsuspecting car owner in New York. The plates on the car he picked up in New Hampshire however, were his. He felt relieved to be back in his own car, with his fella still asleep beside him. Slowly, Steve was beginning to feel more and more like himself. Not quite like the good old Steve of his youth, but certainly more alive than he’d felt in over a decade.
“Thank you officer, I will”
“You. Whether you’re 20 or 80, it’s all the same to me. I want YOU.”
Steve had been the older one once… but not anymore.
“He was the closest thing I had to a Father”
Jawline softened and brows unfurrowed.
“I’ve heard about her. Do you trust her?”
“I shall never forget that I owe you a debt which can never be repaid Tony.”
The ‘boy’ part was reserved for Steve Rogers alone. Steve used it because he knew how much it upset the Captain.
“And…?”
“Ok guys, I’m sorry but I’m going to need you to head back to your homes. We have unexpected visitors from out of town.”
“Of course I am! Why, aren’t you?”
“No, I was thinking Malibu with an ocean view.”
“Now that’s more like it!” Tony declared but for all his bravado, he actually hid his face on Steve’s shoulder. Steve’s hand came to rest over the brown hair, keeping Tony’s pressed against his skin but his eyes were fixed on the door of the elevator. He kept expecting Phil Coulson to appear, kept thinking that it was just a matter of time even if all the proof said otherwise.
Steve could make time stand still for Tony, could make him feel safe and loved with just one word, one touch. Steve could whisper a reassuring phrase in Tony’s ear in just the right voice and suddenly Tony felt ten feet high and ready to take on the world. By the sixth month Steve knew something had changed because the wild, half-mad urgency had left Tony’s body. Now Tony wanted slow, deep thrusts, wanted to kiss all through sex, wanted Steve to hold him all through the night, wanted Steve to hear all about his latest project, his genius thought.
Her hands dropped to her sides as she gestured him to take a seat.
It was left up to Tony to explain that no, Steve wasn’t a Hydra clone and no, he wasn’t from the future and yes, Peggy did know and yes, Fury did know, and yes he really was a Steve and yes, they were married to each other, and yes, it was legal… until Tony too took his leave to go look for his husband. When Tony finally found him, a cell phone in his hand and what sounded like Happy on the other end, Tony simply smiled.
“She’s twenty-four Tony, she’s allowed to wear whatever she wants.”
When it looked like SI was in more trouble than during the 90’s recession just two years back, a TV commercial would change it all around. Shown on Saturday morning for the first time, the commercial revealed the two branches of SI which would replace the weapon production: SI Construction and SI Solutions. The commercial was so full of American Nationalism than even the most cynical of individuals found themselves hopeful for the future. It showed how the guns that had made businessmen wealthy were about to build roads and create more local jobs than anyone thought possible. It showed how that same metal would be used to create the future technology that would drive the world forward.
“I love you sweetheart.”
Those dreams had him waking up in gasps and painful whimpers.
Steve smiled wider, the joy staying in his face instead of fading away. ‘Use this Stark, make him trust you. The more comfortable he gets the more he’ll let his guard down’
A warm hand, strong and rough from the work clasped Steve’s in a firm, desperate hold. Steve’s gaze followed the hand up to Tony’s ardent face.
“Not to mention how quickly we can branch out into prosthetics and nano-bots”
“But you’re gay!”
“But hey, what she doesn’t know won’t give her high blood pressure, right?” Tony looks at Siggy, watching her take in his words, waiting for her to register the question behind them. She looks back at him, a decision already made.
Rhodey leaned in to hug Steve hello and they all stood together watching Tony make ridiculous baby talk. Best of all however, was seeing Alaska’s interested little face as she watched her uncle make a fool of himself for her. She watched, fascinated, as words came out of his mouth and laughed at everything that sounded even remotely funny. This Alaska Rhodes was the very definition of a happy baby.
It’d been a persistent thought all morning, especially now as the coffins of Howard and Maria Stark were lowered into the ground.
Tony must have been in shock but he masked it well enough with a full smile. What must he be thinking? Steve wondered, shaking the hand of this young version of his husband wearing khakis and a dress shirt.
“See, that’s where the trust thing comes in. You trust me to keep my word and I trust you to not be a creepy kidnapper anymore.”
As if Steve had not made the ultimate sacrifice for his childhood friend who had now given him the boot.
For who else in the world would look so utterly fulfilled rubbing lotion over Tony’s sagging skin? Who else would take such pleasure in helping pick out Tony’s outfit for the day and then help him dress? Who else could look so utterly enchanted while gently scraping stubble off aged cheeks with a razor every morning?
“Because you’re perfect!” He blurts out.
Steve knew very little about what the original Tony did after his parents’ funeral. He remembered Rhodes once mentioning something about vast amounts of liquor having been involved, but such was not the case this time around. Drunkenness had been replaced by insomnia, bouts of explosive anger and a mixture of both extreme clinginess and complete isolation. For his part Steve reacted to Tony’s moods as they came. One moment they could be sorting through papers in Howard’s study and the next, Tony could be flinging a paperweight through a coffee table.
“That gives us time to prepare.” Steve looked over at Tony. He’d retracted the armour, stood there in only jeans and a hoodie. There was kindness in his eyes, an apology directed at Steve for his sake. Steve smiled sadly at his husband. Eliza once again dropped to her knees.
“What is there to be worried about?”
“Are you ok sweetheart?”
“Thor happened, sweetheart.” He tells her and plants a big kiss on her cheek in consolation. If Siggy wanted Thor be jealous of Stephen, then those hopes have just been irreversibly dashed. From now on, Tony’s sure that Thor will take on a leadership role in the Stephen Strange fan club.
“Steve?”
It didn’t take much to sweep this Tony Stark off his feet. One touch, one look, one word was sometimes enough. Twenty-four years of kindness had slowly smoothed out the rough edges, soothed old insecurities… broken old shields. This Tony was not afraid to melt at his husband’s words, didn’t know how to mistrust Steve. He preened and blushed and leaned in to steal the breath from Steve’s lungs with the force of his kiss.
The sight of Tony Stark fighting back sobs and attempting to cover his eyes with a wet hand in embarrassment was one Steve had not been prepared to see. He watched, half fascinated, half heartbroken as Tony mumbled a litany of apologies and managed to work himself into what would soon become a full sobbing cry. Like a man possessed Steve covered the space between them in just a couple of strides until he towered over Tony. Then gently, he removed the boy’s hand from his eyes and saw the bloodshot brown orbs full of tears. He’d seen Tony cry before, but those had been tears of pleasure not the soulful pained, bloodshot eyes he saw now. Overcome with an inexplicable need to taste those tears, Steve leaned down until his opened lips pressed beside the bridge of Tony’s nose, under his right eye and tasted the saltiness of them.
The ‘Sir’ he still couldn’t break her out of but it was better than ‘My Saviour.’ He came to sit beside the girl, her eyes filling with awe at the gesture.
They both know that’s a lie, but Tony isn’t angry about it. Natasha had always been more of Steve’s friend than his, so it’s no surprise she’s chosen Steve over him.
He tries to be good for Tony. Tries to be a better man even.
“Sharon, I’ll need you to pick up a few things before you leave for the day. I’ll email you the list.”
Bucky Barnes was still safely in cryo-sleep and yet Howard Stark had still managed to wrap himself around a tree. Alcohol had been to blame of course, as had been confirmed by the team of SHIELD investigators who had worked the accident scene at Steve’s order. Howard Stark had been much too drunk to drive home from that party and everyone who’d been at the party knew it. Unfortunately, there was no stopping Howard once he’d made up his mind and Maria had gotten in the car against her better judgement. Now here they were, burying them both.
“I love you too buttercup.”
“Why?”
“No, no need. I believe you Steve, I believe you.”
“Ok guys! Clear the way, let me see who’s at the door.”
Pepper stopped by often, checked on how Tony was doing. Steve could tell she was surprised at how much the death of ‘the butler who raised him’ was hitting him. He could tell it made her change a pre-formed opinion of Tony, he wondered which one…
“Hey Tony.” Then spotting Siggy still firmly sitting on her father’s lap he frowns “Siggy, everything ok?”
“What’s wrong is that it’s taken me thirty fucking years to realize my husband needs my help. What’s wrong is that I’ve been so fucking comfortable with all this that I never stopped to really think about everything. How can I be so self-obsessed Steve?”
“With this skirt?
“No, it’s fine. The food’s on its way anyway.”
“Seems to me like you dodged a bullet Stark.”
Steve’s lips were pulled into a smile as he kissed Tony’s forehead.
“Stop worrying Steve. Everything’s fine.”
He is so distracted that when Thor suddenly traps Tony in a hug, all the air in Tony’s lungs is knocked free in an instant. He’s held there, wrapped in Thor’s powerful arms as his lungs recover air but instead of releasing him, Thor merely buries his face in Tony’s messy hair and exhales the wettest, most heartbreaking sound Tony has heard in a long time. Suddenly Tony finds himself pressed more firmly against Thor’s wide and warm chest, feeling the force of Thor’s controlled sobs pressing against his own chest until Tony doesn’t know whether they’re Thor’s or his own. He feels the pain in Thor’s embrace, and just like that, Jane is brought back to Tony’s eyes.
“Why can’t these meteors be destroyed?”
It’s ironic that despite not having a clue as to what Steve just came home from doing, Tony is still able to gut him with just words.
He’d told Tony about his past, told him everything and yet Tony’s untainted image of Steve is unshakable.
Tony shakes with laughter, the sound intensifying as Stephen crosses his arms and glares at him. Curious little eyes watch the interaction with various degrees of understanding, but the show is cut short as Vivi herds the three children deeper into the condo and they become distracted with 1. the view, and 2. the 50 inch TV in the living room.
‘I wonder what you would have thought of all this Tony. Surely you would’ve seen the progress in it.’ He often thought.
“I love you Steve… but you gotta work with me honey. You gotta tell me what you want, what you need, we’re husbands and that means we’re a team, you and me. It can’t always be about me, you gotta start pushing back a bit.”
Eventually Rhodey was able to stop by. He stayed with them for a few days, forcing Tony to watch movies with him and go outside. Tony indulged him but when they came back home, he always beelined his way right into Steve’s arms, shaking.
“Look, all I have to do is create a fake profile and send a friend request to my Dad’s friend Bruce. After that it’ll be super easy!”
‘Life’s a little funny sometimes.’ Steve thought.
“Oh and you don’t?!”
Now, he watched the vehicle come to a stop and against all orders, ran towards it.
It was past three in the morning when Steve heard movement outside the apartment door. He heard a body being dropped to the ground and the sound of feet running down the stairs. Immediately alert, Steve was up from his bed and rushing to open the door in seconds. At his feet he found Tony on the doormat looking puffy, sweaty, shoeless and with what looked to be puke stains on his t-shirt. Gently taking hold of his head, Steve forced Tony’s eyelids open with his fingers and stared at the overblown pupils. He was high and drunk indeed.
“I miss her too still, Nat’s always been amazing.”
He wore his beard full and long, making him look older than he was. He also wore glasses with large frames that masked his eyes, and Steve had not been his natural blonde since leaving Texas. He dyed his hair and beard a light brown which gave him an air of mundane lumberjack, thought he knew that his height and broad frame kept him from being entirely washed out of memory. His legal name was, as it had been since age eighteen, Grant Stevens and thankfully he’d kept his past illegal dealings private enough that his background check had come back clear back when he’d applied to SI.
The girl beams at the man before replying “Yes Uncle Stephen, everything is ok now.”
“Oh Bucky, what did they do to you?” Peggy whispered, pain dripping in every word.
“He knocked me out and I remember having trouble remembering stuff after that.”
“Harley’s mom’s an OR nurse! But she has an emergency surgery to do so she can’t come pick up Harley and his sister, can they come home with us Daddy? Their Mom can pick them up at our house after the surgery’s done.”
“We did do all the heavy lifting; literally we lifted all the heavy things, Steve and I…”
That was all Steve needed to know. If there had been no Thor, then there’d be no Loki, no Asgard, no space. This Earth was exactly what people had always thought the world was before alien gods and Chitauri. There had, however, been a Steve Rogers recovered from the ice a few months back but Steve tried to not think about that.
“Are you ok?” Asked Rhodey.
Steve already knows the answer, he just needs Tony to say it out loud.
They walked down the aisle with Tony looking like he could fly without armour and Steve’s gaze fixed on Tony's face.
Every year there were new lines on Tony’s face, more sagging skin, random pockets of fat popped up all the time where there weren’t supposed to be any and yet Steve never seemed to get enough of him. Tony had only ever loved one person in the whole of his life and he knew he would die loving him.
Tony, like always, went to the beat of his own drum. He alternated between worshipping and resenting Steve, or rather, resenting Captain America for having consumed so much of his father’s time and sanity while he was growing up. So Steve reserved the good-old Captain for emergencies and focused on being himself… or rather, what he thought Tony wanted him to be, fine tuning the concept as Tony himself redefined his needs. Steve was the lab partner who made sure Tony took breaks in-between trying to re-redesign the trigger for the new semi-automatic gun and writing papers or running experiments. He was the friend who made coffee and breakfast and dinner, the friend Tony could ramble on about everything and anything without getting bored.
“Oh yeah, when’s platypus coming back again?”
“Yeah please. I can’t concentrate today.”
The awe that fills Thor’s whole face at that moment will be comical in retrospect. But in true Thor fashion, he goes from angry murder muffin to blushing fanboy in a heartbeat.
“Is he in a cryostasis-chamber?”
On one hand, Howard being alive provided him with the opportunity to steer Tony away from Obadiah Stane, on the other hand however it also meant splitting Stark Industries. It was with these thoughts weighing on his mind that Steve accompanied Tony to dinner at his parents’, where all the common topics were poked at and argued about. All through the evening, comments about Tony still going to MIT even though he could stop at three PhD’s, to Tony still not being involved in SI, rang on. But out of it all Steve knew only one hurt Tony, Howard's miserable observation that Steve was still ‘babysitting’ when there were more important things he could be doing.
“Do you mean that Tony?”
“You’re ‘fine’? Did you even look in the mirror this morning?”
“She called to ask for my permission the first time Rogers asked her out. I didn’t mention it because I didn’t think anything would come from it.”
Waiting was easier than Tony ever would have thought, it was as if every crazy drive, every desire, every restless thought had been surgically removed from his soul, leaving behind a single minded focus on the here and now. Whatever meds Steve was feeding him left him feeling as if he was high on cough syrups with a side of antidepressants. He was numb, but he liked cuddles and warmth and sweet kisses on his face. He liked eating the food Steve prepared for him (all his favorites) and he liked how much Steve doted on him. His fifteen-year old self relished Steve’s attention, suckled on the sweet nectar of his utter regret. He drank Steve’s fervent confessions: “Was such a fucking fool” and “I never should have left” and “I’m so sorry sweetheart.” So more time passed, Tony couldn’t tell how much but he could smell the air changing whenever Steve left his barred window open to allow fresh air in. It smelled crisper, what he assumed was less pine-y and it troubled him at first, made him wonder how long he’d been here already, suspended in dazed version of himself. It surprised him when one early morning he woke up with his feet frozen cold and shivering under a blanket.
“Haiti?”
“You are my greatest gift Steve.”
The sun was barely peeking through the horizon when Steve woke up. Something was wrong.
“That’s right, Tony what did you take, do you remember what pills you took?”
The whole awful truth was delivered in such a dead-pan manner that Tony chuckled at first.
Tony’s natural reaction was actually to cringe, but he stopped himself just in time. Instead he pursed his lips and tried to remember to inhale. It was an uncomfortable revelation, but not for the first reason one would think. Tony had spent decades mapping out and studying all the differences between his Steve and Cap. They were like identical twins with entirely different personalities, perfect mirror images of each other in opinions, tactics, approaches, even humour. Regardless, he pushed that aside and focused on the basics for now.
Steve schooled his expression into a warm smile, excited but not betraying the rush of adrenaline flowing through his veins.
It takes two more hours before Tony is finally able to lie down on the living room couch, a now empty glass of wine by his side. He and Stephen put the kids to bed early and while he knows that they will be up chatting for half the night, Tony doesn’t care. His daughter is upstairs, safe and in good company. He can’t ask for more.
There’s a crowd forming outside of Margaret Carter’s office. They stick to the sides of the office covered by drywall, like rats stick to the side of buildings. There’s shouting coming from inside, Steve Rogers the company President (until about an hour ago) is shouting himself into a meltdown. In the week that follows, the employees will gossip amongst themselves about that day’s events. They will retell the story of how Peggy Carter seized control of the company from right under Steve Rogers’s nose, using tactics no one expected. They’ll tell it as if it were the liberation of a country from the rule of a dictator, and they’ll rejoice at their new (benevolent) management with gusto.
Tony’s eyes are sweet and kind while he looks at Steve with a profound understanding of his nature.
Desperate arms drew the cold body against him, his arms wrapping around the frail body with a single mindless need to hold on. The oxygen dislodged from Tony’s nostrils easily and Steve held on to the limp body with every bit of strength his body possessed.
“Alright Tony”
Tony beamed up at him then, toothy… warm.
This Tony was too happy, too at peace to worry about Captain America and the Winter Soldier.
The three terrors are quick to obey and they walk back to the living room with a look of accomplished mischief in their little faces. Tony can already hear them telling the others all about it. Finally, after more time than is customary, Tony opens the door. The sight that greets him is a shocking one that much is true. The faces before him are surprising, yet at the same time, the first thing that hits him is disgust at the wall of pure scorching heat right outside his door.
“My Uncle Stephen is a neurosurgeon and he just finished his shift at the hospital so he should be here any minute with the food.” Siggy informs them.
Sigrid nods, her manners pushing forth a little smile. She remembers the woman’s fiery red hair most of all. Remembers how Natasha had let her play with it and how nice she’d been to five year old Sigrid.
Thor gets it though and they share a sincere broken smile.
to inform them that all of Tony’s tests came back fine.
“Mushrooms.”
“So, what’ya think?”
“Oh Tony” Steve whimpered, as if seeing him in such a state caused him indescribable pain.
But even as he awaited the answer, Tony’s hand made quick work of stroking the length he knew better than his own penis.
“Hi babe.”
“At ease” He said, surprised at how quickly it was coming back to him.
‘What. The. Hell. Are. You. Doing. Up.’ Tony’s glare says.
“I love you jelly bean.”
Tony knew every plain of Steve’s body, ever curve, every tiny scar, every dimple and every pink ridge. He’d spent innumerable hours worshiping every space of skin, knew the sounds Steve’s stomach made when he was hungry even though he swore he wasn’t, knew the smell of his morning breath and even the smell of his sweaty feet. They had been together for twenty-eight years now and Tony still wanted nothing at the end of each day but crawl into Steve’s arms and stay there until he felt he could face the world again.
“Yes honey, sure! I mean hey, at least I can attest that he’s got a great ass.”
Miraculously Bucky Barnes was indeed contained in a heavy, old, soviet looking cryo chamber in one of the SHIELD labs. He looked almost peaceful sleeping behind the glass but Steve wasn’t fooled.
Peggy deflated, she pulled up a chair beside him and just looked at his face.
“I love you so much Tony… I love you more than I love myself… we’ll do whatever you want.”
It’s somewhat incredible how well Stephen knows him.
“I don’t mind if you call Thor Dad y’know.”
Steve sat on the bed by Tony’s pelvis, half his body turned to look at the brunette.
Steve was fully on board with the agreement, Cap? Not so much. He argued about the limitations imposed on them by the UN, called them no better than a Band-Aid solution.
There were sunrises and sunsets, and seasons… but just as constant were conflicts.
This was his love, his husband, his Steve. This was the man who had been with him through the worst and the best, through sickness and health, the man who would be with him until death, indeed, did them part.
“You said it was all up to me, how about you let me prove that you can trust me. We can do everything we usually do here in the bedroom or in the living room.”
The anger overwhelmed the good Captain. He’d expected hostility but never this degree of rage. How much did Steve Stark hate his own past?
“Well this is a surprise! What brings you all to my corner of the world?”
“Of course, High Commander”
Stark Solutions both owned the patent and controlled the metals used to make the armours, no one else could source them not to mention knew how they worked. This, plus the promise to ‘donate’ an armour piloted by James Rhodes to the US Military, finally kept the sharks at bay.
“I came here to this dimension, this universe, to be with you. I know I told everyone it was to save this world but that was a lie. I don’t care about any world Tony, it was always about you.”
He’d been wrong, of course. But it still landed Steve Rogers and a wounded Bucky Barnes (accompanied by Sharon Carter of all people) in Stark Tower’s footstep.
Manhattan at night, as it had been once.
The realization hit him like a bullet to the heart.
“Yeah but I’m getting some weird readings from that spot over there, that’s probably what triggered the alarm.”
Steve Rogers is on top of the fucking world.
Something snapped in Steve right there and then, and guessing by the strength behind his socked steps, Tony knew that Commander Rogers had had enough.
“Not really, I was just wondering.”
“Ok, I’ll set it up.”
Tony continued starting at Steve until the reference to his kidnapping snapped him out of his surprised daze.
He chuckled, embarrassed at himself and for the first time while Tony was conscious, Steve leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Tony’s smooth cheek. He stayed there, running his lips over the soft skin of Tony’s face, inhaling his scent. Tony, noting the warmth that was pressing against him brought his clumsy left hand to touch Steve’s hair. It was the first time Steve invaded his personal space, when Tony showered Steve made sure to keep a small distance and keep his eyes averted. But now Steve was just so warm and his hair so smooth and he was just so real in Tony’s arms that without thinking he scooted over so as to give Steve some room to lay down on the bed beside him. Steve’s pained smile widened into a full beam of pleased satisfaction and he climbed onto the bed so quickly he made them both bounce.
They laughed together, a wonderfully rich sound that gave them both a powerful sense of safety. Then Tony pressed his face against Steve’s chest, over his heart and Steve buried his face in the smell of Tony Stark.
“What do you mean you want to stalk your Dad’s New York friends on Facebook?” Harley is looking at her like she just told him she’s running away from home to pursue her YouTube dreams.
“That’s your new EA.”
Eliza beamed up at Steve, chuckling in embarrassment but obviously pleased at her Commander’s reply.
Tony had treated Killian with respect that night, had listened to his plans, complimented the man and explained it just wasn’t the right time for Stark Solutions to look into it right now but maybe in eleven months something could be done. Killian had left looking not-quite-so homicidal and Tony had made his way right back into Steve’s arms.
Unsurprisingly, they are alone once they finally part. They look at each other, red eyed, red-faced and tear streaked and say nothing. Tony pats Thor’s shoulder and tries to smile but it comes out so brokenly that he gives up.
With that, Tony finally went into the kitchen.
Steve takes the gold coloured envelope being held out to him. It’s open so he just has to slide his fingers inside (like he slid them inside Dr. Blake’s chest cavity) and pull out the paper. He first notes how exquisite the print is, how delicate and smooth.
“What do you mean you came here for me?”
Saying that always causes Tony to make a certain face, a lovestruck mixture of ‘yeah right’ and adoration that never fails to make Steve feel light hearted.
“Hello gorgeous! Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes!”
“You mean I won’t be old compared to you but I’m definitely no spring chicken anymore.”
Tony knew she was tweaking her response for his sake. Had this been anyone else she may have answered differently, might have told them that absolutely everyone always argues and not doing so was a sign of something… but Pepper loved them too much to purposefully introduce even the air of doubt into Tony and Steve’s relationship. She often commented on how well they complimented each other, how great Steve was at taking care of Tony.
“Bucky Barnes”
“JARVIS I want you to go offline. Before you do, make sure you unlock all the doors and notify the authorities in two hours.”
“Are you? I can make us something.”
“I was raised in a government orphanage Sir, but I received my combat training when I joined the army.”
“Consider it slaughtered” Steve forced out.
The glare Thor throws his brother is one of someone who is at the end of his rope. But Tony understands why Loki is doing it. He can understand the anger, the hurt Loki must have had to deal with all these years, not knowing where his brother was hiding, having to deal with his parents all on his own. Thor hadn’t just abandoned Jane and his unborn daughter, he’d also abandoned his younger brother.
Steve was mad, Tony knew he had to be. He hated leaving Tony alone with either Bucky or Cap, couldn’t stand the thought of them being anywhere near Tony without someone else there, yet his sweet perfect husband was not fighting him for it.
He didn’t quite feel like it, especially after Steve grabbed the book again, opened it to the page he’d left it at and started reading aloud while settling comfortably by Tony’s side. A few minutes later, after he’d finished the chapter, Steve surprised Tony by picking up the subject again.
“You get cuter every single time I see you! How is that even possible?”
A decade ago, his company had still been a start-up and Tony, just a client contact… how things changed. Now his company is no longer his and Tony is his life partner… his better half… the love of his fucking life.
“Of course it matters!”
Jarvis was endlessly proud of his boy, that much was clear and Steve was happy with how comfortable the butler had grown in his presence.
“The honor is entirely mine.”
Pulling out the key, Steve unlocks the door and walks in.
“Yeah?”
High Commander Rogers’s lips curved into what could be considered a smile. He nodded in greeting at Vision.
“I love you.”
A full smile did then bloom on the High Commander’s face, “That’s great news Vision, great news indeed”
It wasn’t ‘fan-girling’, rather it reminded him of the way people behaved when they met the Dalai Lama or the Pope. Months ago, Eliza had confessed to Tony that growing up she’d always had an 8 ½” by 11” portrait of Iron Man hanging by the head of her bed. She said she always ‘prayed’ to the Saviour Iron Man to give her more wisdom for her tests, or more patience in her training. She’d said this with the shyness of a child, all big eyes that refused to meet his.
Having kids was a subject he didn’t think about much. At least not in front of Steve.
“Steve? What is it?”
“It’s wintertime out there, there’s over five feet of snow that’ve accumulated so there’s no point in trying to run away. I need you to promise me you won’t do anything stupid.”
He peppered kisses on the cold skin of Tony’s forehead and he curled deeper into Steve’s arms. Tony felt Steve reaching for his wrist and felt him unfasten the cuff. Usually Steve only removed the cuff to take him to the bathroom so Tony wondered where he was taking him. Suddenly he was up, restrained by the cocoon of blankets he’d bundled himself in and held securely in Steve’s arms. Even in his drowsy mind Tony remembered to stretch out his neck out as he was led out of the room. He glimpsed from over Steve’s shoulder as he was taken past the usual door of the bathroom and into another section of the house, one he’d never been in.  There was a large living room and beside it was the main door but all too soon his view was obstructed by a wall as he was led past another bathroom onto a large bedroom.
