“I know you think I’m doing this for whatever selfish reason,” Tony said, "but it’s not true.”
Tony stared back at him, flickered rapidly his stare over the heap of his flopped, big figure. He could see that the foregoing darkness in Steve had been percolated through his eyes, left them floundering beneath something else.
“Yeah.
“Be polite. And don’t mention my name until he’s in full agreement. He won’t be able to back out once he’s said yes.” Tony tipped his head in consideration, thought back to a past time. “He’s morally-subservient like that."
“We’ve been standing on the roof of the facility for five minutes, Tony,” Steve said, looked at his watch. “Are we going to do this thing now?”
“Oh, I know for a
“Do you
Tony didn’t move, or register the action, and remained within his thinking all lost and remote and hazy. Steve narrowed his eyes at him.
The thing about Tony having no friends was that he didn’t want any in the first place. After his incident with Clint, that hadn’t changed.
Tony stored mentally aspects of what he overheard from those students conversing in class, and it was all quite grand in theory. The facility was a standing building, an old structure at the fore of the school’s turbid pond hidden behind a dividing hill. It came set with modernised equipment and ample space and, that which was most absorbing of the information, a
Tony swallowed. His indifference started to waver. “You can intimidate me all you want, Steve. I’m not budging with my decision."
in this area, but…” Peter let him gawk at it a moment—a hesitant reach of the neck over in examination—and then rolled the wristband back atop his lower joint, brought his sleeves down with a quick jut. “Yeah.”
And after a moment or so of gaping at the back of Tony’s head, wondering where the conversation wilted—waiting for
At once, the student wiped a grass-stained palm on his jersey, put a foot on the aisle's bleacher in found confidence. He extended the clean hand succeeding a sports wristband hesitantly up to Tony, though he could barely reach the gesture. “I’m… I’m Parker.”
“Thank you for trying,” he then said.
Tony deliberated. “That’s… not very odd.”
Tony squandered his time between classes stalking.
“Save it, Coulson.” Tony’s eyes seared, twitched at his thoughts, and he dimmed his voice. "He almost
Tony walked around Coulson, opened the large oak doors behind him, and disappeared at once. He left his principal staring out at the rounded driveway, as lonesome as he must’ve been before Tony had arrived.
Blonde, uniformed, broad, holding a book or two, staring down at him. He wasn’t expecting that.
“Alright, Tony.”
~ ~ ~
When Tony awoke, he found his chest compressed tight beneath wide bandages, and the small skin of his heart seared open around a flat blue bulb. Post-sedation, his frail fingers felt the glass face embedded within him, and a pool of dull luminescence shone through his touch, lit his blood faintly purple.
in your life. Stop by, maybe.”
“What?”
His principal grew incredulous. “And why is that?”
“Yes?” he said, furrowed the midst of his eyebrows in confusion.
Peter nodded. And then Tony thought of something convenient, but unusual. He crossed his arms, eyed Peter like he was a circuit in his physics class: simple-looking, but complex in their solving.
pass out in my brand new facility, Stark.”
“I know, Peter. I know. Just
Peter, looking down and over the edge, drew in fast breaths. “Tony, I… The height is… That's
“Always wasting away my patience, aren’t you?
did as he was asked. He rolled each white sleeve up of his shirt carefully, brought to sight a blue wristband on either side.
that?"
capability of his setup as of yet.
Tony’s face questioned. “He says he knows you.”
“Please."
Peter fell forward onto his knees and then into the grass, face-down, unconscious. The last he saw was the school’s embellished structure fly atop him. The soft rain continued on.
"A teaching job? Something official?”
undershirt.”
I have nothing more to say.”
“It’s adequate."
His school had never been one for technology. The sheer antiquity of the place—regardless of the calibre of families attached—seemed as though it would deter the likes of the
It was a matter of him being frightened, and he knew it. He refused to look up at that which scrutinised down at him. He denied the buildings that sounded back to him his choking at the foot of Clint Barton’s unjustified wrath, and wouldn’t let them penetrate him with the memory. Tony’s eyes, instead, raced about his pant thighs in quick calculation, in which he tried to put the pieces together.
“And I just said
The sequence next was fast, unanticipated. Tony felt as though he was roughly grabbed, thrown back in time a month or so, but not quite.
Tony had been lazed on the fifth or so bleacher, legs raised, laid on his side in recline. A gaggle of students in jerseys ran around beneath him in pursuit of a purple ball, hollering uniform call-outs to their teammates. It was a nice day, no rain at that moment, and if Tony wasn’t placed awkwardly out in the open for a reason he’d have just done it to bask in the better weather. Plus, he used to watch the Super Bowl with Howard. This was
~ ~ ~
about it, if it really bothers you.”
Tony flicked distressed eyes to the opposite end of the room. Amongst fallen books, crashed contraptions, sheets of displaced paper, and
"With what measures, then?” Tony almost laughed into it. "Regular counselling? A buddy?” At the silence that emerged on Coulson’s end, he pointed his gaze. “Oh, that’s fun. A
Tony hadn’t seen the physical,
“I did happen to, actually.”
It was painful. He wailed.
“And a lot of people do. You should know this by now.” Then, he paused again. “Is this the only reason you called?”
Peter was nodding, nodding, nodding. Then, he shook his head into realisation. “Wait, I’m doing
as opposed to permanent consequence, now. We’ve put great effort into
” he said, panted out the last of his shock. "I’ll help you, Steve.
Tony scoffed. “I still am. I know nothing about you.”
“Pre-med at Harvard is off the table. For good,” Bruce said with great solemnity. "They’ll never take in a student with suspension on their file."
“Well, I don’t think I’ll manage on muffins,” Steve said. He took hold of his sweater, which was folded on the edge of the table. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
to give Steve loitering privileges, so long as he didn’t ask too many questions and let him work and think at his own pace. Steve was, also, as new to the school as the fresh few tears of the day were to that afternoon, and Tony evoked some sense of routine pity. He was
“Where?”
“Parker!” Coach Hill yelled out to him. She signalled his prompt return by tapping an invisible watch.
The device embedded in him powered a
Steve looked at the bench to his left, which
your father.”
“Sorry,” the boy said. “I didn’t realise you couldn’t see me behind your—"
remember if you knew me.” Steve crossed his arms, raised an eyebrow in a question he hoped was witty and indicative enough. “What’s, uh,
Peter eyed it, and it slipped almost through his fingers. “What, exactly, is it made of?"
In the evenings, mainly towards the end of the week, Fury would allow Tony to work until a later time. This benefited him greatly; he could put more effort into his own situation, as his days had evidently been preoccupied with the others he chose to allocate his focus to. Amongst all the chaos, his blue and
At that, a dull but sudden pain throbbed in Steve’s head. He winced silently, put a hand to his right temple.
meet, and at least two sports. Tony swore there was a third, but he gave up trying to figure that one out.
When he had decided to approach Tony and Steve in the facility, an existence of relatability seemed to have been waiting for him.
At the height of the steps, he stopped. “Principal Coulson, it seems a
act, he swept the mess of the closest surface to him onto the ground, let measuring equipment, contraptions, lunch, a ray tube or so of Fury’s, aggressively clamour against the checkered flooring. Paper unsafe from Steve’s brutality flew around in commotion. Tony flinched.
“Good idea."
It all had seemed easy enough. If Peter didn’t think about it, the pain wouldn’t be
While Tony donned his half-finished chest structure and pad enhancement—and was gazing with great scrutiny at the crystalline intricacies of his laser’s foundation—Steve appeared, as he always did, at the entering arch. It was the first time they had seen each other since the latter went to find Peter. Tony held up his right hand, aimed the gauntlet at Steve like he did the beam their first turning of acquaintanceship.
From within Steve came the throng of pain to the temple, and he grimaced, put his head down. Peter eyed him. “Steve?”
“I’m just trying to focus on my work," Steve then said, tilted his head back to him. He also thought it wouldn’t be wise to bring up that
“Stand back, or bear my wrath,” he said. “And, this time, I happen to know what I’m doing.”
“Coulson said you didn’t go to military school,” Tony then said.
Picking apart his emotional dispassion was a
“Are you sure? Something about your face—"
“Simple.” Tony pointed at a tapered roof embellishment beneath them, and the three of them looked down. “See that? Sturdy enough surface. Web onto it, jump down off the roof, and stop before touching the ground. Exercise both evils at the same time.”
have to keep testing me out—”
Immediately, a strong, blue-tinted stream of light emerged from his palm like a splendid laser.
Tony tried to peer over at the paper. “You ask
“We aren’t allowing you to be alone, Tony,” Coulson asserted. "Not anymore.”
doing it. “
“Nice catch, anyway. Explains the whole
Then, without a warning of better conviction, Tony used his might and hurled the football at Peter’s head. For a solid item, it propelled linearly and strongly, without curvature or immediate dip.
Tony remained quiet.
Through the doors, Steve stepped into the antique internal, let his shoe soles tap against the hard, checkered floor. He moved slowly through the dispensed, dusted air, smelled both the potent ache of desertion and the freshness of reinvigoration, activity. The short hall in which he looked around and up and down branched into stairs, a back-leading exit, or red-wood bifold doors. In the third's windows he saw the side of an individual’s small frame, focus sprawled on a plethora of items spread on a dark table, and a machine.
“Dad,” Tony said at once, coughed almost, opened his eyes as the line came through.
he wore the uniform again,
Fury looked over the space, rubbed his mouth, contemplated. “You
“With all the sporting you do,” Tony said, looked at the ellipsoid in his hand and weighed it mentally. “I think you’ll understand when I say this.” And he paused, raised an eyebrow again. "
Something about it all told him he wouldn’t get away with doing that much longer.
Midday presented dust-coloured overhead, a tinge of yellow knocking to permeate cotton ball clouds, and—stood atop the first-storey roof of the facility—Steve and Peter and Tony. The latter was holding a sandwich.
thing.” Tony returned his eyes diligently to the frayed red cable, muttered the next part in focus. “And
happen to be campaigning for your help with all this, so…”
wasn’t enough for you to keep one contribution pool to dip your feet in,” Tony deduced, interrupted Coulson’s bullshit. He let his bag down. "One very
“Also that you’d
it happen without your control.” Steve hesitated. “And then, when you hit the peak of the anger, you completely—"
“I… I don’t think I know who that is,” Peter said.
Steve couldn’t even remember the last time he had one.
“Would you like me to go, now?”
“And who the
, I could walk with you—"
But Steve, as he lifted his body into a wobbled crouch, fell backward onto the bookshelf and slumped, opened his eyes into a pained gaze, wasn’t in that temper anymore. He looked at Tony, breathed steadily into the bricked pain of being thrown into wood against hard wall, and asked the question that repeated through both of their loud minds. “What happened?”
In that moment, Coulson had no other choice than to oblige by Tony’s jurisdiction. He handed him a blue pamphlet he had placed from his desk, pursed his lips.
Tony picked up a different tool, had more vigour in his posture then. “Guess it just means you’re not my type,” he said with nonchalance, “of friend.”
“What are you inferring happens once you black out?” Tony continued again, tipped his head in brooding and crossed his arms.
“But—"
wasn’t. Steve was marvelling within whatever false recollection he decided fit him best, and Tony knew it.
To his surprise, nothing happened.
At that, Tony turned slowly, confusedly, back around to his workstation. Steve sighed through his nose, jumped at the need to keep Tony’s focus. At this rate, he’d be getting nothing out of him.
Builders Club, the
He nodded. “Okay.”
“What?”
“I could cough right now, and Yale would come knocking.” He tipped his head. “I’d prefer to go elsewhere, though. You happened to get MIT in on your little deal, by any chance?”
says you aren’t going to work like that again?”
He yelled out against the tumult, pushed himself back into the edge of the bench behind him. “What the
Later that week, Tony was startled by Steve Rogers.
Peter didn’t duck, or vacate the path of the ball. He didn’t grab it, or hold his hands up in reflex to dim the impact. He didn’t even let it hit him.
“Because I got myself into some trouble.” Tony gave a considering shrug. “And, because, all things happen for a reason.”
, actually,” he muttered, “would be more appropriate.”
“And now you’ve made him say it again,” Tony muttered, tipped his head in
“Of course."
may be the more appropriate offer, with all the things I’m currently doing for you considered."
about your lounging about.”
The soft, unbroken flicker of enclosed blue was seated symmetrically between his rib cage, and showcased a flat face that dissipated whitened teal into small divisions. The idea that he was a teenager with an exposed device lodged in the crook of his chest, at that moment in time, had become less of a consideration to Tony, as rare as it was abnormal.
“I wasn’t actually
Bruce shook his head with an astounded shiver. “By what? An
Steve walked around the nearest table, put his hands in his pockets. “They, uh, said you’d be here.”
"Well, we definitely appreciate the two of you coming down here."
Steve gave a look as if to say he was sorry to hear about these circumstances, but Tony waved him off.
“Don’t be stupid, Steve, you’re just as much a part of our group as Tony is. We need the help and we want you there,” Clint said, confidently meeting Steve’s eyes now.
“This is really good,” Tony spoke, mouth slightly full of fruits, only to look up and notice Steve’s sad look.
So there Steve sat, in the passenger’s seat of Natasha’s car, barely able to contain himself.
Neither man said anything as they waited for their food. Once everything arrived at their table, Steve took a deep breath, smelling all the wonderful items in front of them.
Steve hoped more than anything that Natasha was right.
“Glad to hear that, Stark. We’ve looked into some of the things you’ve produced lately, and decided that you’d be a much better fit for the web dev team. So, with that being said, we’re promoting you to the Web Development Manager. Congratulations, Tony.”
He didn’t want to see it, but Steve could feel the look of pity Natasha was giving him, and he hated it.
“Who?!” she exclaimed, turning around in Steve’s lap. “Whosit? Nasha? Buty? Sam? Whosit!”
“I know, you’re right Peg, I’m just going to have to work really hard to fix this. How’d you hear about us breaking up anyway?” Steve asked, remembering that she wasn’t even on the same continent anymore. She just smiled into the screen.
“Like what?” Tony asked, now narrowing his eyes.
After a few moments of knocking with no answer, Tony became frantic. Why wouldn’t the omega let him in? He
“No matter how badly I’d like for Iron Man to offset all the wrong I’ve done, I know he doesn’t. Things like this are just the world’s way of making things right.”
“It’s… a key?” Tony asked, looking over the piece of metal.
“Really?” Tony squeaked. “So you’re--”
Today was the day. It was the very first day of the school year, and Steve somehow managed to find himself back where he’d started: sitting in his car, eyes closed, trying to calm his nerves. Just like last time, a knock on the window came, scaring the absolute shit out of him. He looked up to see a now familiar face.
"Are you just going to sit on my desk looking pretty all day or are you actually going to do something useful?" Rhodey asked, flicking Tony in the arm.
She just shrugged, “Sorry.”
As Pepper and Rhodey walked up, Tony burst out into laughter, at a picture Steve had sent him, of the blond practically swimming in a sweatshirt Bucky had left at his place.
Steve hadn’t put much thought into how his first interaction with Tony post-break up would go, but Steve was pleasantly surprised with how well it had gone. It gave him hope that maybe the two of them could at least maintain a friendship of some sort one day. His mind was racing with thoughts of his impending friendship with Tony, as he looked over the tip that was left for him.
Tony was many things, and stupid wasn’t one of them. He knew it was only a matter of time before everyone figured it out, which was half of the reason why he locked himself in his workshop. But he was beginning to miss fresh air, and being bribed with the promise of alcohol was never a bad thing.
Steve reached out to wrap his arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him in for a kiss.
“Yeah, I could tell,” Steve said, looking down at Tony with concern. “Look Tony, I want us to be able to move past all of this. We’ve got a very serious conversation that we need to have some time in the very near future, but for tonight, I just want us to get back to how things were. Can we do that?”
new blond male employee at the school that Natasha may have mistaken for the object of his thirst. Before he could get his phone out to text Nat about providing adequate confirmation that she indeed invited the right hot blond guy, he spotted Bruce, Nat and another teacher, Thor.
“Alright, well I guess I’ll be heading out then,” Tony said, softly, ”I’ll be around during the break from work so if you need anything, just give me a call.”
Steve sat there, in a chair in the middle of Pepper and Happy’s living room, as some of his closest friends and co-workers doted on him. Today was the day of his shower, and though he was beside himself with excitement to be surrounded by those who cared about him and Bug most, he still wished that Tony could have been there.
Steve woke up feeling like absolute shit. After the match the night before he drove home in a haze, not giving any of the evening a chance to sink in until he reached his apartment. There, he sat on his couch, head in his hands and weeped.
Steve stood there, looking like a deer in headlights. It took a moment for his brain to seemingly reboot, before he said anything. “Hey, Tony. I was just about to—”
It was because of that, because he was all his little baby girl had, that Steve continuously forced himself to get up every day. He fought for any bit of happiness he could find in all of the darkness, because he knew that his daughter deserved it. As hard as it was to remember, Steve knew, deep down, that he deserved it too. All he could do was tackle each day as they came and went, and if he smiled at least once every day, the omega counted it as a victory.
As they passed building after building, Tony tried to think of what he wanted to say, but no matter what, everything he came up with gave away much more about his feelings than he wanted them to. Finally he just settled on the whole
“Well...yeah, what else could it be?”
oh hey there guys! sorry about the delayed update. the fun part about this is that i've had this typed up for over a week, i just haven't gotten around to adding it until today. oooooops! anyway, did anybody notice the subtle change in the number of chapters for this story?!? now there's 4!!!! so you get one more lovely installment of this great story because i made chapter 3 way too long and had to split it in two parts! as interesting as i know you all must find my ramblings right now, i'm sure all you want is to get on with reading the story. so read on loves, hope you enjoy it!
“Part of me knew that was a joke, but the other part of me was horrified you were upset with me about something.”
“Nothing. It’s...nothing. We’ll help you, okay Tony?” Bruce offered, softly.
“Oh, okay, well I wasn’t really asking if you’d compromise here. I’m not even
“Go ahead and ask whatever it is you want to ask,” he promoted.
Tony took a swig of his whiskey while Steve took a step closer.
Tony had -2% experience dealing with children. His dad hadn’t even let him be a child when he was a child. How the fuck was he supposed to interact with one?
“I’m so sorry this happened, Steve. If you’d like, I can see what I can dig up on this Tiberius guy.”
“I can get just as drunk on my own, and plus I don’t much care for the real world.”
“I mean...we’ve got this sickeningly sweet domestic set up going on. More often than not, we  have dinner together at either his place or mine, then we cuddle up and watch TV together. He usually falls asleep, head in my lap and hand on his belly, and then I sit there talking to Bug until I fall asleep or he wakes up and one of us leaves. For God’s sake, I kissed him on the forehead when I left tonight and told the two of them to get some rest. We’re not even dating, and yet, to look at us you’d think we’re this jolly bonded couple waiting on the arrival of their baby. It’s confusing and...and…” Tony stumbled, looking for the right word.
“Don’t you have a date with the Statue of Liberty or something else ridiculously patriotic to go do?”
“Tony?” Steve asked after considering the item for a moment.
“Can I take off the blindfold now,
. It was those thoughts that helped keep Steve together through the rest of his shift.
Tony awoke, slowly, coming to for the first time in a long time without the aid of his alarm. He reached out to look at his phone to check the time before deciding that he might as well wake up now. Tony went through the motions of getting ready, showering, brushing his teeth, shaving and fixing his hair. Once he was done getting ready, the brunet looked at himself in the mirror, noticing that he looked as lifeless as he felt.
“Steve, honey, I’m not sure how to tell you this, but you are not a virgin. You gave up that title when you had a
“For the last time, you look fine Steve!”
Before he knew it, Steve had arrived at the park. He shot off a text to Tony letting him know where he was waiting, and within a few minutes, he heard someone calling his name.
“You’ve got another thing coming if you think you can come into my home and talk to my family like that.”
Tony sat on the loveseat in his living room, sorrowfully looking down at the wrapped gift he held in his hand. He had texted Steve early that morning to let him know that everyone would be heading over to his place around 7 pm that night, but he was more than welcome to come earlier if he wanted. Tony didn’t get a response, which he found unusual, but he didn’t dwell on it too much. Until 6:45 pm rolled around, and everyone was there but the one person he’d been most excited to see. Those first fifteen minutes that Tony waited, eyes glued to the clock, were excruciating.
“I’m not angry with you, sweetheart,” Tony assured. “But I am disappointed.”
“Why are you guys asking me to do this? I’m not even actually a teacher. Aren’t there any other teachers who can help?”
Tony chewed the inside of his bottom lip as he thought over how best to answer Carol’s question. Truth be told, he wasn’t even really sure what to think of everything that was going through his mind.
“Holy shit, that’s absolutely insane!” the alpha yelled, now taking both hands and placing them on Steve’s belly in an attempt to feel any more movement.
“Is that really a threat? What’s Python?” Steve asked around a laugh.
“Oh honey, I was just having too much fun taking you apart with my fingers, and by the looks of it—”, Tony said, plunging his fingers in deeper until he brushed over Steve’s prostate, causing the blond to arch off the blanket and thrust simultaneously, “seems like I'm doing an A+ job.”
daughter.”
“Ma, I honestly don’t know how I got lucky enough to be your son,” the blond said, moving to wrap Sarah in a hug.
“Well since you all are having your sleepover, I’ll leave you to it. Good luck tomorrow.”
The rest of the week had gone by fairly uneventfully. Steve ran into Tony a couple of times in the teacher’s lounge and they exchanged pleasantries, but nothing more than that. It was painful seeing the light leave Tony’s eyes almost immediately upon seeing Steve, but he knew this was best for the both of them. Maybe one day they might be able to get back to some semblance of a friendship, but at the moment, this was all Steve could handle.
“You’re thinking pretty hard,” Steve joked when he came in the room, sitting next to Tony.
“There ya go, was that so hard?”
“You better behave yourself,” he spoke, before opening the front door.
She looked up at Tony as if she’d been betrayed. “Daddy told ya dat?” she asked, bottom lip quivering.
an apartment. It’s
. Next up was
The thought of Steve opening himself up caused Tony to let out a small whimper, hips thrusting of their own accord. “Fuck, Steve, that is entirely too hot,” Tony whispered, applying a small amount of pressure as he continued massaging Steve’s hole, soliciting a beautiful gasp from the man beneath him. “I guess I'll just quickly make sure you’re opened up enough since you did all the fun work for me,” Tony spoke in a low voice, strokes of his finger punctuating every other word. He finally breached Steve’s rim, giving a small kiss to his shoulder to ease any tension.
“I always hated physics, so I suppose that makes us even,” Steve retorted.
Steve let out a pitiful whine when Tony licked up the underside of his cock. He circled his tongue around the head, making Steve squirm, then took him wholly into his mouth. Steve bucked up Tony could feel the head of Steve’s cock pressing against the back of his throat. Years of giving head had prepared him for this moment.
“Hey, I just wanted to say thanks again for bringing all of your friends by. I’m glad I finally got to meet them,” Tony spoke, keeping his hand on the blond’s arm.
“Well I just…” Steve started, not quite sure how to go about saying what he wanted to say, “I just don’t want things to be awkward between us now.”
The guilty look on the Captain’s face answered Tony’s question.
“I can hear you pouting all the way over here, and yet, it’s still not helping your case.”
“Couldn’t help but notice I’m not the only one who came up for air only to notice a blizzard’s moved in out there.”
“For the last time, Tony, you’re not
“So uh… I actually brought you here because I wanted to talk about some things,” Steve started, not quite able to look Tony in the eye. “I wanted to apologize for everything I’ve put you through.”
"Yeah, we figured you guys might want some visitors," Natasha spoke, looking at both Tony and Steve sweetly.
Peter twisted his sleeves around, removed his stare from the expectant senior standing across from him. In reality, it was either to tell him at that moment in time—rip the bandaid off with immediacy—or string him along until eventual decline of interest, or, really, never. “
sing with… with
One day, Tony had been kept in late during his last class.
Bruce, finished, slung his bag across his shoulder. Holding the strap, he turned around to Tony. “Why should I?” he said, glared pins and screws and broken flasks. “You don’t care how I’ve been. You just want something from me. Again, Tony.”
But then he looked over, saw the solemn extent of Steve's expression, saw the sink of his hulking figure towards the stool, and Tony's diffracted laughing subsided. He flashed a look of his own severe bafflement. Steve laced his fingers together, let them hang in waiting.
Peter sighed, looked warily at Steve. He looked back at him, exhaled too. Something about all this mirrored what they were beginning to think Tony’s definition of therapy was: self-destruction. Carelessness.
Steve blinked out of his stare, promptly picked up a stool nearby so as not to leave Tony waiting. He brought it over and sat. “Do you know much about psychology?”
Tony put an arm on the table next to him, pointed at his chest that was dimmed by white cotton. “Don’t you think the blue glow indicates something worth looking into?”
he sat parallel to the face of his school. As expected, the pieces didn’t fit.
“Mr. Stark—"
“Shot a laser through a student the other day, too,” Tony said, shrugged.
that thing?"
“I didn’t think you were,” Steve said. “A…
of Peter’s club meetings.
sort of stuff, right? Biology?” Peter asked. "So I’m guessing he’d be in—”
"On the device that keeps your heart going?
"That could be anyone.” Tony tried mentally to conjure explanation. “An estranged cousin, you know, or—"
.” He fumbled on his words. “It’s a pleasure.
Steve looked up at him with question, but there was a hint of something else with the way his eyebrow quirked. “You were scared of me?”
Tony took the gesture and was led into a firm shake. “Tony, but you knew that already.”
And it was Tony.
of an accident?”
Coach whooped and clapped. “Now
Tony breathed, and he choked something down. “
Coulson nodded. He pointed a pen at a sheet on his desk, looked at it. “And... you’ve been keeping up with Steve Rogers?”
“Nothing. Nothing at all—"
Plus, the school was a dead entity. It didn’t do well with new blood.
But Steve couldn’t talk. He couldn’t see anything, hear anything, feel
Towards the back corner of the labs, with his own back to Peter, was a head down—engrossed like the rest of them—of brown, placed hair succeeding the hunch of his lab coat. He faced the front of tall equipment with glass tubes and liquid, scratched the mid of his scalp as he wrote down observations he took as he looked up momentarily at it, and then back down. Peter decided that if
Tony could see that this—all of this—was going to take a while.
After being propositioned in the halls of the chapel,Peter hadn’t considered with fervent seriousness to take up Tony’s offer of association. He was content in shrouding his untoward ability from existence, treating it as a soil beneath that which was acceptable in routine life. Tony Stark didn’t understand this; he was a billionaire’s child, sporting something unvaried from what his tech-accustomed lineage was usually linked to. Odd, yes, but not entirely unusual.
He was heaving and frustrated, and had managed to give himself multiple tours of the entire school again, when he realised approach was the next step.
“Do you like it?”
around his timetable) and looked at him with distressed, annoyed,
“If it weren’t already presenting itself a load of shit, I’m far too busy doing other things,” Tony said, reached for his bag next to the chair. “Like, for example, entertaining the cadet you set onto me, and ensuring the engineering facility is never a day vacated. Considering you’ve managed to turn the entire school off the subject through your neglect, I’m the only one ever there.” He looked up at him promptly. “I’m thinking
The weather had barely cleared for the day, left droplets of slow-falling drizzle against the facility’s gold-bordered windows, and Tony believed this was the perfect atmosphere to work in. His ideal atmosphere also happened to be among the mess of thought, in which he had actualised his thinking and tests on various sheets of loose paper and had them scattered everywhere. His tools and instruments were sporadically laid, and his wiring was out and wreathed around the tables. He had other aspects of his mess around, like bolts and screws, food wrappers and books, small devices he had found around the room and dragged out to ask Dr. Fury about using later. This afternoon, like those preceding it, Tony was already wired and ready to go with his testing. He stood amidst the cluttered tables, humming.
There was
“I figured,” Steve said, and there was a plaguing embarrassment to the sigh that followed it. Then, he thought of the worse. “Did I—?”
Tony tipped his head, watched him. “How’ve you been?”
“Peter,” Tony said, stopped him. “I can’t even remember the last time I
Tony, like a fly on concrete, was seated—lazed,
“It’s not.”
“Yeah.”
“This
Steve sighed, looked at him with that same concern he was entrapped by when they had seen him push himself into a near collapse. He waited, could see a want to explain in the narrow of Peter’s stare. And, as expected, he fulfilled it promptly.
He shrugged. “Been keeping him upright so far, hasn’t it?”
The facility in which Dr. Fury traversed boxes that afternoon was a Victorian standalone. It sat ardently harmonious with the rest of the archaic campus, and Tony was barely surprised at the structure's camouflage. He noticed, preceding it, the lake—a shallow, leaden expanse of weeds and still water—which framed the building’s foreground like two looming hands.
“Do you?"
pool. You needed two.”
Tony laughed almost. “Right now? Nope. Not happening.”
), and brushed his sweater vest of grass blades, pulled down swiftly his sleeves. Fury insisted otherwise, told him
“Well, a world without Bruce Banner is a blind one,” he admitted. "A stupid one."
“Our school has a
“I’ve merely decided to refer him to you,” Coulson said sternly. “He enrolled while you were hospitalised, set his arrival date for this week.”
“I… I won’t."
Fury sighed.
“Well, we don’t see much of him either.” Coulson looked up again. “And we’ve been expecting his participation in sport, community service, the
“No. Nope. You’re staying seated,” Tony said, went to Peter and tried to gesture him back to the stool. “We’re going to get you some water, some
every time you’ve asked."
Steve thought for a second, furrowed his eyebrows. “Yes.”
“You’re
.” He gestured to the dim glow, looked around impatiently, let his hand glide through his hair. He was overwhelmed. “If you really understood as well as you say you do, Barton wouldn’t still be going here.”
“I’ll be going to my room, now.”
“Your teachers have made note that you’ve gotten back into the work quite quickly.”
~ ~ ~
Tony took the blazer he had laid atop his luggage and struggled immensely against the obscure tightness that came with putting it on. The stretching of muscle around his altered chest felt odd, almost tugged at an invisible seam Tony would freeze at so as not to rip something. Deprived of a tie, he wore his backpack, ensured the sternum strap of it was closed and clipped over the protruding globe underneath his shirt. It didn’t hide much of it, no further than the cloth of his shirt already did. It was more, however, in preliminary precaution of any wandering eyes, any questions.
“I’m going to tell you where Algebra Two is now, so you'd better write this down.”
Peter instinctively tugged at his mouth sleeve, scrunched his face in
watching.”
“I meant in-person.”
“What?”
Steve stayed quiet. Tony continued to prod.
“However, we’ve been told they’re seeking to invest in making ample young individuals not
Tony scoffed. “Oh
Triathlon, the accompanying Spanish Club to his extraneous language frivolities, the Film Production Club, the
“A little bit more than that,” Steve added.
“I’m a fast learner."
“Boy, you
Stark. "Stark! You’re Stark? Tony. Tony Stark.
“Yeah, I’ve just… I’ve been getting small headaches all day."
“Just… the talk around.”
That was your cue!”
He fumbled at the catch. “Look, I wasn’t—"
, stop him from thinking about it all any longer. But Steve didn’t move. He sat upon the stool still, face frowned and confused and almost dismal, stared straight at Tony trying to—once again—figure out
Dr. Fury stood serious, intimidating. Void of colour, he was, in which his entire demeanour was tenebrous. Sliced through the left eye, Tony noticed of him, was a scar that pierced through an iced cornea, and fit the sunken scowl of his face well. If he asked, Tony was sure it told an interesting story.
“Hold on,” Tony said, tripped on the situation, held his hand out in pause. “You said
“Looks like a very painful nothing.”
,” Bruce said simply. “Each time Peter exerts himself, brings out the web—"
ever since."
The outside hall was as Gregorian as its insides, with a red runner stretching from one end to its other, and oil lamps hanging and cabinets holding school treasures and trophies. Peter closed slowly the rounded, panelled doors, leaving them briefly ajar
thing is just as important as
—he jabbed the probe’s needle into the raised side of the blue device, let it abruptly puncture through the metal with a contained burst. Tony put his focus on the machine’s switches with immediacy, flicked up the one he believed to be the power button, and braced himself for a power reading, a greater light,
, it seemed; a small figure, male, was crouched
At his locker, Tony searched for an exercise book for his physics class. He didn’t directly understand
” And then Tony waggled a finger. “Now
. The stringy thing that slithered through the grass and back under him like, like...” Tony turned around, words beneath him, and furrowed a brow. He waved a thinking finger onto another instance. “The tiny,
“Supper?"
, just to let him know he was still planning on helping.
But before he disappeared, he stopped, addressed Peter with both casualty and purpose.
had just happened. Steve had been standing over
“I—” Peter began against a dry mouth. “I don’t know... if I can continue.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Tony said, thought about it. "I come from a well-seasoned family of scientists, can tell when things aren’t right. You could call it a
. Even worse—though arisen was his empathy—Steve had failed to identify further familiarity in it all. If it wasn’t already adverse that Tony's father had declined his knowledge of him, Steve couldn’t remember anything more about him from that small exchange.
Without warning, Steve surged towards Tony, used his big arms to shove all the tables outwards of his path with enormous power. They landed like an arrow indicating Tony, spilling the rest of his clutter onto the floor in chaos. Acting quick, and almost in reflex—like it was natural,
just be the strongest of all of us,” Steve said, tried to ease him.
here, Steve?”
Tony crossed his arms. “Under what circumstance?”
Tony watched as his peer blew out his cheeks in contemplation (or silent stress) and looked around, surveyed the field that glistened slightly in the day-before’s wet. “Uh, practice,” he said suddenly, coughed. “Practice.”
. “No. No,
Bruce took quickly a small instrument from the array he had out, stood next to him in expectancy. “Alright. Whenever you’re ready.”
From his pocket, Tony took the phone and dialled.
Steve stood, remained staring into his back. He was restless with a desperation that Tony failed to comprehend, tried his hardest to restrain what he needed to divulge. "I
“I’m right here,” he felt was appropriate to say; to reassure him. And it was true. Tony wasn’t alone, or grieved with the task of swallowing his father’s vexation with sole face. Steve was sitting there, going no where, and was awaiting promptly his courage in the matter. He bore no judgement; he didn’t know him well enough to form any.
That should be easy. There weren’t even upwards of ten in the room, and the lab benches were numerous enough for one student each, with a few spare.
The large stretch of window indicating the forefront of the room usually showcased students traversing the hallway outside, and that happened to be an adequate distraction. Considering school had ended for the day, there was particularly no one in commute except for that of an odd teacher. Bruce put his focus on the window to take count of passers-by, planning to begin at the next individual he saw. It would probably just be one for the rest of the early evening. Or two.
Watching him, Steve exhaled and put his sheet down. He stood up resolutely, pushed the stool out from under him. That was it for the day. “I’m getting supper.”
“Tony—"
They were both doomed by that which they could not control.
“Caught me on a bad day,” Tony said, chuckled. And it was sad.
Peter looked down at it, rumpled his face in confusion. “I—"
Fury, a second bewitched, coughed up a laugh. “I’m no doctor."
“That’s what I’m wondering."
shorter than you?”
“I… I don’t know what to say.” Bruce looked up at Peter from a distant thought. He closed his expression with questioning eyes. “Who said I could help you?”
“You said before you passed off on friendships?”
Peter thought a moment. “How bad is it?"
On the other hand of importance, there was something else he needed.
spires of the baronial architecture came into approximate view—Tony dispersed his focus into his lap, blinked.
Two, was to proceed to the facility in a brisk trudge. No stopping for any other misplaced figures he may or may not come across.
Peter walked up to him, stood by the side of the bench, and cleared messily his throat. The student in question continued to write for a moment, before glancing up.
He stared earnestly, atop the paper, at the student sitting across from him. Under an odd shadow, by choice of the light from the window, he was almost hidden in a present darkness.
“Why did
Peter respired diligently. He closed his eyes, thought about the action, thought about how doing it wasn’t a big deal, thought about how he’d done it many times before. He focused feeling upon his right wrist and flexed his hand outward, prepared himself for the will of the web.
mechanical science, and not treat it like some whimsical, futile endeavour.”
much a natural, it seemed, as he scored another clean goal without so much of a tackle from his opponents. At that, Coach Hill blew her whistle, and the game stopped. She gestured him over to her. Tony saw Coach, hands on her hips, communicating something low and stern. The student resisted and was hesitant in his manner, rubbed his elbow and shook his head, until she nodded in Tony’s direction and mouthed
“How bad on a scale of one-to-
, equipped with a turbulent device he knows nothing about, run loose in a standardised engineering lab.”
"Orange juice, two tablespoons of the cafeteria’s rice pudding, five pinches of salt—"
Tony wasn’t too worried. It was
“None other,” Tony said. And then Bruce flashed confusion, and so he explained further. “It’s a pacemaker. Fancy, I know.”
mind over matter.
Introduced Peter properly here (and Bruce
… I mean, your father’s work is—"
“It isn’t,” he said, and breathed into proper explanation. “I attend this school on scholarship. All those clubs and sports and activities... I… I just do them to keep up appearances. If they—if
“If you need any of us, Mr. Stark, you
“With?” Bruce asked in a poised, slight frustration.
And he always managed to do,
And the liquid in the vial, between Bruce’s fingers, morphed presently into a fire; a red swirled around the lighter existence of orange smoke. He put it back onto a wooden stand next to other small glass cylinders, similarly with instruments of the same type inside of them. He wrote something down on the notepad he had opened, pointed to it with a tapping finger. Tony came over to look.
sorry, I really am.
“Every time I call
. Peter, though, and I—”
how good it’d look on my CV. They’re animals.”
“Stark?” The student in front of him then asked, squinted at Tony. His eyes broadened in realisation, eyebrows raised in wonder. Yes, it was
getting lost (but who could blame him; the campus was a small country) and really just wanted a stable, unchanging face to answer to. A
“But, Fury said—"
him in curiosity of his pursuant air, rather than away. Maybe it would arise frustration. But, nevertheless, Peter was
“Yeah."
“We’re,” Tony began groggily, tried to repose himself, “going to have to solder this hole up.”
Bearing all his pain, so did Steve.
Tony pursed his lips, then. “This is all pulling itself towards my earlier theory, you know. Unconscious tirades and bad memory are the
Everyone
He furrowed his expression. “Probably not, then.”
“What the
It was Tony’s turn to deride the concept. “Like he’d tell me."
He stopped at first glance beneath them, switched eyes between Peter—laid both motionless and groaning on the ground—and Tony and Steve, who peered down at the sophomore with wide eyes and different versions of
eyes.
Peter nodded timorously. “Alright, yeah.
At the sight of Steve’s enlarged eyes, Tony dropped the hand. He grinned something short and impish, returned his focus to an area of the bench.
did the ignoring, usually.
Steve's face was imbrued with confusion. “I’m being serious."
“Take the compliment,” Tony said. Then he spun to sit properly, outstretched his arms casually on the bleacher preceding him. "How’d you get good?”
Tony was excellent in explaining science. His emotions—or, rather, behavioural inconsistencies—were another thing.
“Courtesy of Coulson.”
don’t want to throw myself off a building again, I’m still pretty curious about… about all this, you know? I don’t wanna live in the dark."
Tony still had some of his sandwich left, and so he took a bite and ruminated at the situation.
“Peter—"
“Neither of those things seem like good ideas,” Steve said.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “My father’s work.”
Steve crossed his arms. “How’s he going to do that?”
“I’m Howard Stark’s
It couldn’t be true. It
On the stool, Steve’s expression questioned.
From the field, he made his way over to the bleachers. Crossing over the first one, the student stared up at Tony and fidgeted. Tony mentally prepared his impression.
about it all hurt, in fact.
needing my help."
Bruce sighed, paused. “Peter, the sons of businessmen don’t understand friendship.”
put that damn thing in your body.”
He gulped in embarrassment. “
They went quiet again. After a while, though Steve didn’t think himself good it, he tried to lighten the mood.
“I don’t believe a word of it, Steve.” Tony looked down, eyebrows raised. “
Tony jumped up from the pew and proceeded for the exit in a gratified stroll, hands in his pockets. Peter yielded, sorted through his musical peers as he obligingly stepped down the choir stands. He surrendered his song folder sadly to the empty pew closest to the podium, set for the walkway, and followed Tony uneasily out of the chapel.
His demeanour slouched at the familiar British intonation. “Jarvis.”
“Are you certain? Because the—”
Tony looked up, and it was as though he had swallowed dutifully a spoonful of pride and let it flush through his face. He knocked at the dark wood surface of the table beneath a balled hand, displayed pursed lips and a surrendered, dropped stare. “I need you to find someone for me.”
was your first friend here. I think I deserve that.”
The car window’s tint rose to separate Jarvis and himself. Then, in the black of its glass was immediately reflected a figure, standing atop the entrance steps. The individual's hands were joined together in waiting, a grey suit donned. It was boxed and terrible, and definitely only something a member of
after his incident with Clint—and a rush of fervent energy flowed through the pulse of his head. He threw himself in front of a random machine without approval, caring not for Dr. Fury’s permission. “Mr. Stark,” Fury said with linear warning, watched him ignore him. “I can’t let you do that.”
” He stifled a laugh. "And
the reason of discharge from your previous school was violence.”
) if they were called his teammates, or club mates; his
Now back at the facility, Tony found himself among varying activity.
“Coach said, uh…" He looked back and behind himself at his far-standing coach for approval, and winced as he returned to face Tony at her reaffirm. “Coach said that watching us won’t qualify you anymore for the team than you already
Tony nodded, took another bite. He brought his free hand to his hip, looked out at the grey-dulled reach of green openness and the distant peek of the school’s main buildings, and felt like somewhat of a mad genius. “It’s time to put the two together.”
to attempt to assemble such a bunch without yourself included. At the forefront.”
Right, of course. Yes, it is. And
He remained silent.
Tony turned finally and ascended the stone stairs of the monstrous, old building.
—don’t make sense.” He huffed. “But the regular person needs some sort of explanation for peace of mind, even if it doesn’t reveal the entire truth of their genius. It’s practice. Gets people off your back."
, Tony?"
He tutted. “
The offensive push of atmosphere at each step towards Tony strengthened the vignette around his vision. He blinked quickly, his respiration rapid. “Steve?” Tony called to him.
And before Tony could continue with what ever else he felt like (which was something along the lines of
“It’s a start in the right direction,” his principal said.
“Something ‘bout the state of these damn books tells me the rest of your school didn’t know either.” Fury examined it a moment more, placed it back on the small tower from which he retrieved it. He then rested an elbow on the height of the stack, looked expectantly at Tony. “You gonna tell me why you’re here?”
before they control
“I wouldn’t ask you to do that for me—"
Steve shifted, thought about it a moment. “Can anger cause…
Tony blanked. “My
class to be at, Mr. Stark?”
Now, his concentration was past him.
He grinned. “Odd word to refer to my charm.”
it doesn’t include obligations like this,” Tony said bluntly. Standing, he overturned his hand, brought it down to Coulson’s eye view. “I’ll pass the Junior ROTC notice to Steve.”
Tony pouted an anticipating lip. “You should probably tell me—"
“The surgery—"
Peter watched him, chest rising and falling with great pace. His face looked a little clammy; green and plain. “Well, hunches aren’t
Steve breathed in, planted his hands in his pockets, looked around embarrassingly. New wasn’t something the students around him seemed to ever be. Sure, they had new cars, new toys, uniforms that remained stately new no matter the years that went by. But being
“Turned me into a cyborg,” Tony said directly, eyes wide but simple. “He turned me into a
. They hadn’t spoken formally since their initial encounter at Peter's soccer practice, and to uphold his cryptic facade he had appeared at each of the extracurricular activities seated far, without speaking and without engagement. Tony hoped it formulated a sort of intimidation he accrued would lead Peter
unconscious?”
Again, Steve exhaled them both into quiet. He thought about it, looked down into his own crossed legs. “Guess the same goes for me too.”
“Are you alright? What’s happened?”
me out. Just a little bit. And… and I know it’s because you need something from me. But…” Peter tried to be stern, but it didn’t suit him. “I can’t do your homework.”
Peter squinted. Was this what a genius in mediation looked like, talking to himself?
“If this is about teaching the freshmen robotics, I refuse,” Tony said. “Couldn’t care
“What’d this building used to be?” Tony asked.
, from a year ago…” Tony shook his head. "I never meant to put you in any shit, Bruce. I hope you know that.”
Coulson breathed out through the nose. “We have an initiative in mind that we’d like to implement. Something that pools skilled students in one group, promotes them to other young people who may be misdirected, and ultimately aims to keep an entire generation of kids
~ ~ ~
~ ~ ~
At the emergence of his father’s voice, Tony felt with great strength cornered, though he was nowhere near the edge of the room. “Come on, Howard. Not even a
Tony nodded, held his bottom lip between his fingers. “I’m picturing it."
They ran.
Peter was sat at a small hill mounding down the black of the pond preceding the facility. It was a still, tranquil setting, regardless of the extent of the colder air sitting above and beyond the water and surrounding him like an unwarranted hug. He had regulated his breathing, and was staring out with tired eyelids into the afternoon, when Steve approached him from his traverse over. He sat down without a word, and his figure almost hulked Peter’s own. They were quiet for only a period more.
, Peter,” he encouraged himself. He strained, compressed his face into folds, tensed the bottom of his forearm. At once, an elaborate webbing protruded from a raised vein within his wrist’s rash.
“Well, I’m quite enjoying the music.” Tony pursed his lips and thought deeply, though there was complacency to the action. "Which piece is this? Sounds like something from our fourteenth-century competitive catalogue. Fifteenth?"
“I have no control over what I do.” Steve said, kept his eyes on the water. They were stained with a sense of despondency. “I’m going to hurt someone. It’s almost inevitable.”
“Oh…well I’ve always had my doubts about us. I mean being the CEO of Stark Industries and Iron Man’s girlfriend are both full time jobs. Eventually something was going to fall apart. As for…the rest, I knew that I needed to end this the second things with Loki were over.”
The way Steve’s eyelids fluttered when Tony placed gentle kisses to them.
He opened it up and took out what looked like a small picture, slowly handing it over to the brunet. It seemed as though Steve was holding his breath, waiting for Tony to realize what he was looking at. But once he did, once Tony figured it out, he looked up at the omega, hopeful.
“Not only that, but you just… you told me to leave.
“Well I just figured I could keep you company…”
“Are you kidding me?!”
“You really are stubborn aren’t you?”
“Alright?” Steve asked, all of his previous confidence faltering.
“I would literally never talk to mom like that. She warrants some amount of kindness from me,” Tony interrupted.
“How’s it going Hap?” Tony asked, clapping the man on the shoulder, as he usually did.
“Of course, Peter. Pull up a seat. I don’t really have any extra work for you to do but if you wanted to do any of your other class work you’re more than welcome to!”
“I’m at work.”
“Shit,” Tony hissed out, louder than intended.
Steve stopped dead in his tracks and turned to his friends. “Why are either of you even here?” he asked, willing away the slight heat he felt in his cheeks at what they were implying.
Tony felt his heart skip a beat at that. Before he replied, he went through his phone to dial Carol’s number.
“No, Steve, we need you to
Steve returned the smile before turning to lead the way towards Empire Fulton Ferry. The walk was short, yet they seemed to fall into a fairly deep conversation already.
As they made their way down the driveway, Steve looked out the window back at the house and smiled.
Before they knew it, they were standing in front of the St. Ann's Warehouse.
Tony just gaped at the blond before seemingly shaking himself out of his stupor. “I’ll uh… just coke and a lemon water, please.”
“Babe, take Cora into the room, okay? I’ll deal with this… please just go,” Tony whispered, trying to calm Steve down. It took a few deep breaths, but after a moment, the blond gave a small nod. He walked to smile down at a very upset and scared looking Cora.
As far as he was concerned, this was a win-win situation for the alpha, so he couldn’t be happier. Leaving the office, though, Tony couldn’t help but wonder where his new promotion left Steve. He pulled out his phone before heading out of the office building to find a text from the omega.
“TONY!” Steve shouted, cutting Tony off. “This apartment is fine. Everything is fine. You don’t need to throw money at me and you don’t need to pretend to be more invested than you are.”
“That bed looks like shit,” Tony said, crossing his arms as he leaned against the doorframe of the bedroom. Steve turned to raise a brow at him, frowning as if to say
robotics?”
“Steve and I haven’t been together that long, but the time that I’ve spent with Coraline has been wonderful and I intend to spend much more time with her. At this point in my relationship with her, I cannot say I know her well enough to know the little things about her. However, I do know she has her mom’s hair and her dad’s eyes. Peek-a-boo is her favorite and she loves to grab onto Steve’s nose, which is a pretty big nose, sorry babe. But those are surface things and I want to know more. I look forward to spending more time with her; I look forward to learning who she is.” There was a silence once he finished speaking. Tony looked around at Steve’s friends. Had that been a decent answer?
“Oh honey, the Nat you hang out with is a completely different person than the Nat who manages
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. “I need your help, Bruce, because since mentioning him, Nat won’t stop smiling like a weirdo, and Clint…” Tony paused, casting a glance at the blond, “well, he’s just useless.”
more. In an instant, he’d pushed Tony away, freeing himself, only to pull the brunet into a bruising kiss.
The weekend had come and gone in a flash. With all that Tony had done trying to deal with Tiberius, by the time he had a chance to come up for air, he’d realized it was almost midnight on Sunday evening.
Tony was startled by the bark of laughter that erupted from the omega. His eyes went wide, as he watched Steve laugh for a full minute.
Then, there was also the added benefit of getting to spend copious amounts of time with Tony. Since taking on the role, they’d exchanged numbers and managed to text each other every single day. Granted, the majority of those texts were links to videos and articles that Tony thought might help prepare Steve for the first team meeting, but that was better than nothing.
“Thanks, but really, I’ll be alright. I just need to think, is all.”
He knew that at some point he’d have to bring this up, but over the course of the month and a half that they spent planning their baby shower and just enjoying the excitement of their impending parenthood, Steve noticed that Tony seemed a little on edge about something.
Truth be told, for all the confidence and bravado Steve had over the weekend, it was really settling on him that he’d no longer have Tony in his life, and it hurt. But as badly as it hurt, Steve would be okay; he kept telling himself as much, anyway. Maybe, just maybe, if he said it enough then he’d be able to believe it.
Steve just looked at the both of them as he held up the cash that Tony had left as payment.
“Listen, I knew if I told you beforehand, you’d put up a fight, but I don't want that, and deep down you know this is the best.”
, so he knew he had a lot of catching up to do.
Everything came to a head when Peter approached Tony with the rest of the robotics team.
Steve gave a small smile. He initially thought he was making a mistake coming to Natasha for advice, but luckily he was wrong. She not only gave him good advice, but she made him feel that wanting to be with Tony was acceptable.
“Good bye, Tony,” Bruce spoke, shaking his head and smiling. On his way out, Tony could have sworn he heard Bruce whisper “Say hi to Cora and your
With that, Natasha stood, looked at the both of them and walked away.
you to compromise,” Tony said, pushing a tablet in Ty’s direction.
“Oh, I don’t have too much going on today. Just have to get through the approvals for the McDowell project, why?” Tony asked, knowing exactly what Steve came here looking for.
“So seriously, Tony, when are we going to meet Steve?” Pepper asked, unfolding her napkin to place in her lap.
“Sure, what do you need?”
Taking Mason out of the car, they both began to gush to her about all the different details of the house. They pointed out every single area where she would surely make the best memories, where they would play with her and teach her everything that she knew. Finally, they made their way to Mason’s nursery, where their jaws hit the floor as they took in all that their friends had done.
It seemed as though everyone stopped to look Steve over, and he began to feel self conscious, taking inventory of his entire costume. Instead of wearing a blue bodysuit and a green wig, Steve opted to paint himself blue and use temporary green hair spray. Most of his body was on display, thanks to the red short shorts and red crop top he wore. Steve worked hard for the body that he had, and he usually didn’t mind showing it off when the occasion called for it. But in hindsight, with all eyes on him, he really wished he’d figured out how to cover up a little better. Just as Steve started to wish he were anywhere but in that room, he heard a gasp and looked up to see Darcy dressed as Wonder Woman, with her mouth agape.
After that evening, Tony practically barricaded himself in his workshop, only letting Pepper in to drop off food, and stopping to take a handful of naps. It took two full days of working before Tony finally felt he’d been able to back Ty into a corner, and it was time to tell him as much.
“I’ll be back by seven for the hand off with Peggy, and I’ll try to bring back something for us to eat. Thanks so much again. Love you!” Steve was already out the door before Tony could respond, but nonetheless he still uttered a ‘love you, too’ before turning to take in the entire apartment. He could do this, he knew he could. But that didn’t stop him from saying a silent prayer before going to check up on Cora. This was going to be one long afternoon.
“We will?” Tony asked, both he and Heidi turning to look at Steve, surprised.
Tony physically tensed up, momentarily, at the question. Steve obviously noticed, though, as he began to frown. “The sweater wasn't for me was it?” Steve asked, clearly hurt. Tony just shook his head, dreading the conversation he knew was to follow.
Later that night, Steve sat in bed reading The Great Gatsby. With every sentence he read, his mind would drift to his previous conversation with Clint. He wished that he could call Pepper, and ask her for help, but as he remembered her last few words, he looked up towards the ceiling.
“I… yes.”
“Hello?” Tony answered, groggily.
that that’s all she’ll eat. Just be stern with her and let her know that if she eats something with vegetables in it, you’ll give her some strawberry yogurt for dessert.”
It killed him to admit that the teen was right on all accounts. He indeed did have a crush (as much as he fucking
“Where are we goiiiiiing?” Steve whined, for what felt like the millionth time.
“Coraline, shh,” Steve tried, getting on the floor with his daughter. She just pushed at him and continued screaming. “Honey, you have to calm down.”
Society and evolution had changed a lot about how alphas and omegas interacted. Thanks to several movements in favor of treating omegas as equals, it had been centuries since omegas felt the instinct to be blindly submissive in the presence of an alpha. And thanks to the continued use of suppressants, heats had changed as well. Though suppressants were still used to mask the scent of one's heat and to alleviate some of the side effects, heats only lasted a day or two and were much more manageable to get through without having a mate.
“You should be grateful that I’ve deemed you worthy of my presence.”
” Sam yelled, garnering looks from several others around them, as Bucky doubled over in laughter.
“That’s what you get when you diss the best ice cream flavor ever,” Tony answered, with a satisfied look on his face.
“Have any tunes you’d like to listen to?” Tony asked, as if he could sense Steve’s minor crisis over what to do during their drive.
They stood there in awkward silence for a moment before Tony cleared his throat.
“Well, we just got an amazing opportunity to partner with Children’s National, getting our smart stethoscope in the hands of major DC area affiliated hospitals.”
There was a laundry list of things that Tony had planned to say in this moment; so many unsaid ‘I love you’s that needed to be shared. But for now, Tony figured that letting Steve kiss him breathless would do just fine.
“Stop snarking, Stark, and do it again.”
Steve barked out a laugh and rolled them over. “You do everything and more for me. Let me take care of you,” Steve husked into Tony’s ear before rolling his hips. Tony whined and, okay, Steve was perfect.
“Steve, honey, it’s
Tony stopped dead in his tracks, tilting his head and letting out an astonished laugh. “You’re kidding, right?” Steve shook his head, feeling his cheeks warm with embarrassment. “You are something else, Steve Rogers,” Tony said softly, turning back towards the direction they were walking. “We’ll have to go out this door to the sidewalk and cross the street to get to my apartment building. Shouldn’t take more than five minutes, hopefully.”
Steve chuckled and brought the phone back to his ear. “Hey Peg, what’s up?”
“I’m going to keep asking you ‘why’ until you actually give me an answer!” Bruce replied, equally as done with his friend.
“This is...news to me. I mean we’ve had our ups and downs just like anyone else but I never thought it was something we couldn't fix.”
“Wonderful,” Tony sang, as he clapped his hands together. “Then without further ado, let’s go see some fishies!”
“Well, what if I said I was ready for that ride now?”
"I saw this in the room and figured it'd be ok if I took it...since my name is on it and all."
“A few days ago I asked Steve to come to our Christmas movie hang-out shenanigans and he said he’d love to come,” Tony blurted out.
“I’m sowy for not eatin’ da peas. An’ I’m sowy for bein’ mean ta yew,” She said in a small voice, before tightly wrapping her arms around his neck. “I love yew, daddy.”
“No, honey. I don’t hate you one bit.”
Steve wanted to grab the paper to read just what his best friend had in store for Tony, but before he could move to do so, he felt his phone vibrate.
“You promised you wouldn’t try to figure out where we were and you didn’t keep your promise. So… snowbank for you!” Tony said, crossing his arms in a huff. Before he knew it, his legs were being knocked out from under him and he felt the wet cold of the snow.
Howard sighed, pulling out his checkbook, scribbling something quickly, and handing a piece of paper to Tony once he’d ripped it out.
“Do I? A year ago, you hated my guts, and now you think we’re meant to bond and be together forever. If it weren’t for this baby, this wouldn’t be happening, and you know it. I’m not meant for this, Steve, I’m just not.”
Tony hadn’t set foot in the school since Monday. After receiving that envelope from Natasha, once the work day was through, he made arrangements for a sub to cover him the rest of the week and immediately went to see Pepper. They parsed through everything together over chinese takeout, and with every new bit of information, Tony found it more and more obvious that he had been so insanely wrong about Steve.
The anticipation of the look on Tony’s face when he saw him in that shirt was enough to have Steve buzzing on his way to the party. What he hadn’t expected, though, was what he saw the moment he walked into the club. His friends stood huddled together at their table, and as if they were in a scene from a movie, everyone slowly parted ways to show Jan standing next to Tony. Jan looked radiant, as always, but Tony stood wearing a tightly fit, sheer, pink lace button down with slim fit dark blue slacks. Even in the dimly lit club, Steve could see every single detail of Tony’s torso through the fabric of his top and to say he looked stunning would have been an understatement. He looked downright
As Steve rounded the corner to Tony’s classroom, he heard the last few notes of the cover of
Tony flinched. The last thing he wanted was to burden Pepper even further with this.
able to run everything that implements that code.”
That's all it took for Tony to slowly pull out half way before snapping his hips back, soliciting a moan from both men. It took a few thrusts before he was able to set a rhythm, and a few more before Steve started meeting him halfway with thrusts of his own. They moved together, ever so slowly increasing their pace until the air was filled with sounds of skin on skin, accented by their panting grunts and moans.
“Shut up,” Tony spoke silently, turning back to his work. He knew all too well what Howard was trying to do, and he wasn’t going to let it happen.
“They are. You’ll love them once you meet them,” the words came out of his mouth before Tony had the time to actually register the implications.
"Alright, well I'm gunna go get dressed and then head out," Tony said, moving towards the hallway.
“That’s too bad. Did you still want to get lunch today?” Tony asked, seeming hopeful.
************
“Steve quit. Why?” Tony asked, barging into the older man’s office.
“Do you understand how fucking insane you sound right now?!” Tony yelled.
“That kind of attitude might fly with your mother--”
“This isn’t some kind of game, Tony. You’re over here playing house, but this is my
Tony narrowed his eyes at Bucky before offering his award winning smile. Bucky responded with a smile of his own and after a moment, both men offered up a small laugh.
Barton quietly grumbled, but stood to make his way towards the door. “Come on, Steve, let’s go before Principal Grumpasauras Rex loses it.”
Steve’s head snapped up at that.
Tony’s mind began racing. He didn’t know what to do or say in that moment.
“I was really just going to go home to hang out with my dog more than anybody else in my family, so I could stay...but I really love my dog so…” Clint explained, slowly realizing that he had possibly made a mistake in saying anything at all.
There was a visible change in Tony’s posture and attitude at the question. Immediately, Steve began to regret asking anything about the subject at all.
Steve heard a small sob escape from the alpha, before the man captured his face in his hands.
Steve tried to calm himself, to brace for what was to come, when he felt someone grab his left hand to intertwine their fingers. The hand felt familiar, it felt safe, but mostly, it felt like home. It didn’t take long for Steve to realize that the hand in question belonged to Tony. There was so much that he wanted to say to the alpha, his mind was racing with questions, but all he could do way lay there, listening to the world around him.
“Indeed I did. You two are having a little baby girl. Congratulations!”
,” Steve spoke, turning his entire body to face the man next to him.
Tony gave a playful sigh before putting down the tools he’d been working with. He wasn't exactly sure how to answer his friend’s question. Had he spent all of his money at
“So, I might have lied a
“I swear, Cora acts better than this in the car.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about my little Brucie bee.”
“You’ll get to see her soon, I promise.”
Tony began to wring his hands as he paced back and forth trying to figure out where to start.
“Looks like we are.”
“Huh?”
Over the last two weeks, the pair had gotten into a bit of a groove. Between texting more regularly, having lunch in Tony’s classroom every other day,  and stopping for burgers and shakes with Peter twice a week after robotics team, there wasn’t a single day where Steve didn’t spend some amount of time doing something with Tony. It was during one of those post robotics team burger runs that Peter asked what the two teachers had planned for the weekend.
Steve chewed his lower lip, debating whether to tell Tony the truth or not.
how much I like you. I told everyone about you, Peggy included. The night before I agreed to go out on a date with you, she’d yelled at me. She told me that if I liked someone as much as I like you I shouldn’t let anything get in my way. She said it was obvious that you liked me back. So… I agreed.”
“Ha, yeah I just...yeah,” Steve offered rubbing the back of his neck.
name and logo atop the building.
“Please, come on in, don’t even wait for me to invite you!” Tony answered, throwing the towel over his shoulder, to take Carol’s coat and hang it up for her.
Tony sat at his desk looking away at nothing on his screen as he waited for the end of the day. Coulson had come by at some point and asked to speak with him before he left. He never really liked the idea of being called into the boss’ office for a one on one meeting, but Tony knew he’d been doing nothing but his best work lately so it couldn’t have been
"We’ll definitely be revisiting that statement,” Tony continued, narrowing his eyes, “But 2. The fact that anything of mine fits you, specifically, is all kinds of sexy. Just the combination of you wearing something of mine that's only purpose is to make me feel less shitty...I don't know, it just revs my engines, I guess.”
A slight panic began to set in, until it dawned on him that he could turn to the internet for help. Right was Tony was about to push play on the
“It’s kind of an inside joke we have. The day he invited me to this thing, it was pretty cold out so he let me borrow his scarf. Every day since, he’s let me borrow it on our way to lunch, but it seems like he only has one. I figured if I gave him another one he could wear that one so we could both keep warm,” Steve answered thinking back on the past few days, with a fond smile.
Steve sat there, somewhat taken aback by the invitation.
The alpha thought about what life would be like, watching Mason grow up with three of the strongest women he’d ever met, and he couldn’t help but laugh as well.
Steve couldn’t take his eyes off of the bot in his hands. He wasn’t sure he’d be able to bear seeing the look on the brunet’s face. “I appreciate you coming by and saying that, Tony. Your words mean a lot to me, truly.” Steve began, sadness seeping into his voice. “I accept your apology, but the things you said really hurt me. I think we can be friendly in the teacher’s lounge or at school events, but right now I just...I can’t deal with anything more than that with you.”
“Yeah, ‘that’. I am curious to find out why you thought you needed to go through all of this corporate espionage to steal something you don’t even know how to use.”
“Yeah?” Steve asked, terrified.
made Bucky’s prosthetic? I didn’t even know Stark Industries worked in the medical industry.”
“This is nothing like what happened back then,” Tony tried to lie.
Steve cleared his throat. There were people a few tables over that were staring at them.
“Well, I might just start bringing you along with me to more events if you’re this good at repelling annoying conversations,” Tony said, noting the sudden shine in Steve’s eyes at the proposition.
The pair of them moved around the ice, slowly at first so Tony could get his bearings, but once he got the hang of it, they were able to pick up the pace. Two hours and only three falls later, they found themselves walking, hand in hand, with two steaming cups of hot chocolate.
“So it has nothing to do with the fact that Pepper hasn’t been seen or heard from since the day Tony locked himself in his workshop?”
“Nasha!” She yelled, running over towards the redhead. Natasha just kneeled down to pick Cora up, only to have the little girl cling to her neck. Steve moved towards them, reaching out to place a hand on Cora’s back.
At this point, both Natasha and Bucky’s eyes were on Steve. He rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, as he gave a huff.
He turned towards his friend, tears welling up in his eyes and shook his head.
“So, what do we do now,” Steve asked with absolutely no excitement in his voice.
“Yeah, he recently started working there and he’s great! He’s got a dry sense of humor, similar to my own, and just...life doesn't seem so complicated there. I walk in, have a drink or two, get to know Steve, then come home.”
“I’m going to say I won’t but you know I will,” Tony responded, with a half smirk.
“No! Nu-uh, no way! You are dating
Though only Pepper had been around to witness it, they were both fully aware of how bad Tony’s ‘old ways’ were.
“I get why Steve wants this baby, but not you. I don’t see what you’re getting out of this. Is this just some way for you to make sure you’re tied to Steve forever?”
It took a few minutes for them to find a rhythm, but once they did, they moved together as if performing a choreographed dance. Each thrust was perfectly matched, their hips circling and swiveling beautifully. Even the sound of skin on skin accented by moans had a musical quality to it that made everything seem that much more sensual, more beautiful, more perfect.
Steve could tell that had Natasha been an alpha, she’d have growled at the idea of someone taking advantage of him. For the most part, her being a beta didn’t stop people from treating her as if she were the most fierce alpha they’d ever encountered.
“I love you, alpha.”
This was a feeling that Tony wasn’t used to, but after a beat he realized just what it was. It had been a long time since he’d been nervous meeting people, and felt anxious for people to like him, specifically because the opinion of those people meant something to one person in particular. He’d wanted Steve’s friends to like him...because he wanted
“Sir, if you can’t calm her down, I’m going to have to ask you to leave.”
“Daddy’s little nugget,” Steve cooed, kissing her cheek. “Go up with mommy and go to sleep.”
Tony flinched at hearing Natasha’s words. He knew this was bad, but he truly had no idea. Steve clearly cared for Tony, much more than he knew.
Tony stepped aside to let his father in. Howard looked around the apartment, taking in the space.
“Because sex is not love. There is a distinctive difference between love and lust and Steve is more than just some guy I want to fuck. He is important to me.”
Tony grabbed the bottom of his apron, pulling him in and wrapping his arms around his waist. “We can definitely shower, but I don’t know about getting dressed. I think in the spirit of establishing new Christmas traditions, maybe we should make Naked Christmas our thing.”
“Oh god,” Tony spoke from afar.
Steve felt himself sag in defeat, too tired to put up a fight. Natasha wrapped her arms around his shoulders in a hug then kissed Bucky on the forehead as she left. Once they were alone, the two men sat on the couch in silence for a few minutes before Steve finally caved and looked at his friend.
“Working on a different team means no more working with Steve...at least not directly anyway. I mean sure, I’ll have to meet with the graphic design team to talk over designs for web content and all that but it won’t really be the same. I’ve grown to really like working with him…”
“I um…” Steve started, finally turning back to look at the brunet, “I need you to understand something. If nothing else, you need to do right by this baby. I can handle being lied to and having my hopes dashed, but I will not tolerate that when it comes to this child.”
Coulson fidgeted formally. “We're
Bruce had Peter sat on a stool at one of the tables, hands held firmly on the edge of the surface, with an odd-looking drink beneath his dipped, weary head. A chemistry set—something small, not too extravagant—was set up to the right of him, with a row of small instruments placed routinely next to the case. Bruce was attending to it with great focus.
At the sound of the entrance door open, Tony expected Fury, incurious about whatever he decided to work on until he inevitably booted him out for the day.
Bruce turned around to him with wide eyes. He took immediately the glass from Peter’s fragile grasp, examined it oddly. Then, he furrowed his eyebrows.
“Old friend of mine,” Tony elaborated, “who just so happens to have
, I wanted to learn more about… about my—“ Peter paused to gain clarity. “I… I just—"
Peter continued to trail him, squeezed tightly his fists in a nervous anticipation. He didn’t know
“Then I
Coach?” Tony called out emphatically, held out questioning hands with great performance. “I was
~ ~ ~
At the echoed movement of wood and wheels on hard floor, Tony—who had been engrossed in a snaked clump of wiring, tools, pencils, paper—looked up and saw his undesired visitor. He narrowed a complexed, almost unimpressed stare, then turned back around to his work. “Think you’ve got your classes confused again."
communicated through their frozen, open poses.
And Tony examined Bruce for the first time in a while. He was tired, sad at the sight of him, with eyes of umber that were now just
“Explains a lot, like why he’s so weak.” Bruce looked at the sample. "Why it's been hurting him, too.”
teenager Tony had ever regretted following around. The sheer number of extracurriculars the boy attended was almost disgusting: Chorus, Academic Decathlon
Tony raised an eyebrow.
When he heard the entry then slam shut, he couldn’t attribute such an action to Fury’s ingress. Tony looked behind him, puzzled as to whom it may be.
be good, son.”
Bruce exhaled in inconvenience. “Okay."
Tony sighed, and Steve couldn’t feign explanation. They both watched Fury kneel to Peter’s care, grab his upper arms and bring him slowly back to his feet, say things like
had really shot the creativity out of him.
Coulson exhaled into a more optimistic demeanour. “With Mr. Barton off your back, we’re hopeful you can put your dispensed energy back into the things that matter. You’re a very intelligent student, Mr. Stark."
“A different colour for each day of the week?” Tony asked mockingly.
“Peter, it’s okay—”
to do it, or
, and Tony eyed him at the movement. They both remained outwardly silent for a minute or so (as they usually did whenever they were both together in the facility), but Tony's brain was seemingly ticking and brewing beneath the guise of prodding and twisting things. Steve could sense it, gave a scrutinising gaze over a held-up sheet. Tony bounced his leg for a moment more, looked elsewhere, before speaking.
something a bit odd about it,” Tony said. “The device powering my heart.”
“I would’ve known, okay?” Tony said. He brought a knuckle down to the bench, let it hold him. “No.”
student. He looked at his watch to discern the time of the moment, lifted his sleeve up to see the face, and scolded himself mentally for not wearing a watch with a brief shake of the head. And he continued on.
Peter flicked his gaze up to Tony, readjusted his sleeves, still heaving. “It’s… It’s nothing.”
under his school shirt, contained to that of a small dish at the mid of his chest. Maybe it was because Bruce had been looking at his experiment for the better of a few hours—which worked with liquid that was also blue—that his memory was bleeding things together, but he definitely saw it.
“And why not?” Tony said, looked back. He held a pencil-sized probe in his right hand attached to the machine in front of him.
“Did Coulson say, specifically, what he needed me for?” Bruce asked, and had stopped to turn around. Peter almost didn’t notice this in all his worrying, and halted himself immediately to prevent a collision.
Something
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve raised his brows. “Which is true. I didn’t.”
In reality, Tony had no idea where to begin with him.
in case. Tony stood, hands still in pockets, expecting Peter’s speech first. He ensured he was at least two metres from Tony, had his left arm held reassuringly with his right palm, and wore a grey sweater vest atop a long school shirt covering awkwardly thick orange wristbands beneath both sleeves. Tony noticed this, and quirked a brow.
like that.
Since that day, he had unearthed a considerable amount about the blue glowing eye that donned his torso. To begin with, it was
Steve moved his head back to him again, index finger still pressed into the side of his face. “I don’t know how I’d be able to answer that.”
Tony seared a look into him. “Come up with better, Steve. I’d care to listen.”
And Tony couldn’t comprehend what had just been said in the moment, and so a gesture of recollection wasn’t even possible. Instead, he let the statement wash folds through his face, and he morphed from that of expectancy to weighted confusion. “My
at Tony to do the same to him. Stuck deep within the clamminess of his shock, Tony realised his chest had saved him once again. In this instance, it had let out enough energy to propel his aggressor into the wall behind him.
~ ~ ~
“I wish I could tell you more about myself,” he began with, “but I can’t recall much.”
fast. Much better on my feet.”
you got going on doesn’t indicate the puny gym class of public education.”
appeared clearer than the one in front of Tony, and quickly selected a small tool that seemed adequate. He reached over, handed it to him.
“And you remembered something.” Tony placed his tool down, put the gauntlet hand on his hip. “Spill it, Rogers. I’m officially on a need-to-know basis.”
Peter brought his knees up, held them tight. “Doesn’t feel like it.”
He nodded infirmly.
,” Bruce said in finality, in acceptance. “Damn you and your entrepreneurship."
“Through our school, of course. In conjunction with their endorsement, we want to present the wider world with a team of justified young leaders who will, inevitably, go on to become globally-distinguished examples.” Coulson locked his hands again, stared at Tony attentively. “And I think it would be
Tony—without expecting it—exhaled. He softened his tensed shoulders, almost drooped into a collapse himself to match. “Alright, I get it.
“He’s gotten stuck, hasn’t he?” Bruce scoffed, looked away in incredulity. He took proper hold of his folder lab coat, put it over his own forearm, and gave an apologetic, frustrated expression before attempting to skirt around Peter. “I’m sorry. I’m not getting into this again.”
He raised an eyebrow.
,” he exclaimed, clutched his blue glowing shell.
Tony walked back, gold football in hand, and stood a further distance away from Peter. His eyes were ticking, ruminating, and Peter's seemed unsuspecting. Tony had
Returning to his workspace, Tony braced his back to Steve in finality, pursued his continued disregard of him. He fidgeted with his tools, hoped in all his squinting and clamouring that Steve would just
. His entire demeanour was solid and odd; Steve had always acted at his most politest and naïve, and that didn’t include whatever removed scowl he happened to be projecting straight at Tony.
“Hmm?”
His mother Maria, who gripped his wired fingers with her soft, sorry hands, let the vagueness of rose perfume drift off her cheek and onto his.
—menacing with all his darkened burl but no immediate threat—and then had suddenly recked the room with a swipe of otherworldly strength, charged
After a moment of silence, Steve walked from the small group of them.
didn’t happen to be Bruce, then he’d have to look elsewhere; he noticed the only other few in the room donned, coincidentally, blonde or red hair.
cream? Or…”
Tony had been watching from afar Dr. Fury transfer boxes from the school’s main division to the place for a few hours and decided, after a few more of the same journey, that he wasn’t going to let off the task anytime in the near future. After the black coat disappeared into the facility for a considerable moment, broke its own pattern of back and forth, Tony decided to follow down overgrown cobblestone leading to the entrance and inside.
something, however, being concealed among all of it. Steve needed to divulge what it was. For his own sake.
And when Steve looked up at him, in that moment, he saw for the first time in Tony the remnants of the rejected boy; there stood the broken-down son of the tech tycoon, confused by (though used to) the lack of care and warmth in the simplest of communication with his father. It was so uncomplicated an exchange, and yet it enunciated a large portion of the relationship they had: fractured, disappointing,
“Maybe. Well, I don’t know.” Steve went quiet. "That’s why I came to you.”
“Sort of surprised you’re agreeing to all this right off the bat, Peter.”
the real therapy.”
“Where’d you get the, uh, sandwich from?” Peter asked. Steve narrowed his eyes at the squashed bread between Tony’s grasp.
“Could you at least try?” Steve asked. He put his hand flat on the table next to the stool. “And if he doesn’t pick up, then so be it.”
It was his formality that hid Jarvis' sentiment well, mainly in protection of his own dignity. He had to keep his composure for the sake of his job, but Tony could see he worried; eyebrows all folded together, aged face melting in anxiety.
Tony stared at his principal, thought about it a moment. Their school was already that of a prestigious kind, full of the successors of moguls and CEOs and other affluent, unattainable positions that someone without blood relation could not attain. Tony was one of these: an inheritor. He didn’t need to exist on the basis of being defined by a college—defined by his
“There's not a single disingenuous thing about what we’re trying to do here.”
“You think I would’ve gotten my job if I let kids run around using untested equipment?”
“Could you think, conversely, about the other young people you’d be inspiring?”
, and dragged him into the facility.
Peter, instead, wasn’t normal in
“Don’t you
. You put your behind in that seat.”
Peter put his hand down awkwardly.“
a boarding school possessed such storage, but he used it regardless, didn’t complain at all when it swallowed his trash for him. Except for this instance, where he needed that which had disappeared conveniently.
. Uh, you can stay. I mean, that’s what you usually do.”
"I was bitten by a spider,” Peter managed in a blurt.
Knowing in that moment he couldn’t fight the cause, Peter grudgingly and
move.
That following afternoon, Bruce had concluded, finally, his work in the lab. There was a joy in his short step, and always was when a long-hauled experiment came to a close.He had just finished putting his equipment back in storage and was loading his book bag, humming lightly, when the lab’s door sounded entrance behind him. Bruce perked attention immediately, and expected his teacher. He was eager to show his results, after all. If he didn’t have to wait until class the next day to do so, then the afternoon was chilling even better than he thought.
Tony looked elsewhere, breathed a second, shook his head slow. “I’m not taking him on."
At that, Steve took a stool nearby, sat on it in front of Tony with seriousness. “There was a desk, full of things.”
you’re okay?” he asked.
“Because, towards the dawn of my teenage years, I
Tony’s hands were interwoven, shaking in consideration at the hang of his spread legs. He flicked his contemplative gaze up. “Spare me the further eyes, Jarvis.”
, even, with how corrupt they are and all—"
to ask him for help?”
“What about one
thing isn’t the result of weird militant conditioning.”
He discerned first his age. A year or so younger, he seemed, fit cosily in a grey school sweater that was ridden up on one arm. He had fallen onto his face, let his head turn the opposite direction to his body uncomfortably, and had his lips slightly pouted and parted at his collapse of liveliness. The student was nevertheless incorrupt—definitely juvenile and guileless, with a clean countenance and unkempt hairstyle—and had no belongings or such around him.
Tony grabbed his backpack strap, let his arm cross over his chest. “That’s not an undershirt.”
“Why do you need
.” And then he pointed a finger. “But I’ve managed to harness the excess.”
“Did it say, in particular,
For his own sake, it was just
“I just said I want to be supervised," Tony explicated. "By
And Tony wanted to see how that extra energy could be harnessed.
“I’m not saying it is,” Coulson said. Then, he sorted through a shallow stack of paper to his right, examined it. “While we’re on the topic of extracurriculars, however, I’d like to run something by you.”
“What’s your type?” Tony asked. Then, he flashed at him a look of clarity. “Of
Hope you're enjoying so far! <3 :)
“Why?” Peter began, unable to get the words out. “Why would you
consider before you overtly decline this offer.”
, eventually. Bruce and Tony said it themselves: I’m losing blood.” Peter hushed dismally. "There’s only so much they can do before I’m going to need an actual doctor.”
“Near the pond?” Someone in the conversation asked. “Well, he picked a damn good place to run to. No one wants to go near that old thing."
It hit Steve incredibly, pushed him up and off his feet and into the bookshelf behind him. He fell onto the floor. The shelving spit, atop him, multiple books Fury had chosen to keep from the rummage he began the facility with. Tony, in similar manner, was thrust back by the immense strength, and the wiring from his chest to the pad on his hand was jerked out of function at his comparatively-lessened stagger. At once, the blaster dispelled. The room was left in havoc.
. Into
“Is this about yourself?” he then asked. Tony had no direction or interest as to where the encounter would lead at that point. Nevertheless, he continued to prod, as that was what he did. Didn’t stop until he got answers. “You’re gonna have to tell me more, Steve. I’m no mind reader.”
Steve wiped his hands on his school pants, tried to think of how to explain it. “Say, for example, you start to get angry."
On a different table, Steve had his large frame hunched—in his usual grey sweater—over some schoolwork. Every so often he’d flick his gaze up at Peter and Bruce in interest, and then return promptly to his small conglomerate of books to continue working on whichever class he was behind. In the same manner, he would turn his head with same routine around to address Tony, who was sat behind him at a different table and threw pencils at his back like soft, though annoying, projectiles. At the throwing of a rather large pamphlet, however, Steve decided to address him.
Steve raised his expression at the flurry of muted spiel that proceeded from the opposite end of the call. Tony nodded to the speech, kept his stare at Steve to show he was
Steve disregarded that. He turned back to his book
“Come
Fury flashed the red fabric cover of a novel he took from the pile. “Library archive.”
. He looked at his wrists. “What do I need to do again?”
close to him didn’t leave Tony much of an opening to grasp at protection.
And, in that moment, Peter saw the change.
Mr. Barton's character—“
“Oh.” Tony crossed his arms. “Well, him not doing those things isn’t
“He’s losing blood,” Tony deduced, bunched his expression in thought.
“Well, it was either this,
someone else—blazer and shirt and
Failing to find the book, he then slammed the door shut. In its place stood a tall boy.
Tony continued to rummage his belongings, without speech, until he pulled out a dark green, feather-edged book.
That was until they halted their singing abruptly at the swipe of their leader’s hand, let each part of their chorus dissipate into dissonant vocal stems. Peter, smack-bang in the middle of them all, had experienced a lack of instinctual indication which refused their coherence and, in shorter words, had stuffed them up.
~ ~ ~
Coulson continued. “In saying that, I wanted—while you were here—to discuss something with you very much aside from your situation with Mr. Barton—"
, maybe, to provide a place for inheritors committing routine blasphemy (like the rich regularly did) to repent with the hopes of forgiveness, and their share of the company back. Considering the theatre had been under indefinite reconstruction since Tony was in hospital, it also happened to be the school’s main assembling point. In that moment, however, a small group of students were gathered in raised rows at the forefront of the room, and were being conducted into a smooth, harmonic ensemble piece. It echoed sweetly and wholly throughout the large, dome-like interior.
“Alright.”
Tony scoffed again. "When you have a father like mine, you do.”
correct,” he managed, voice higher.
“Oh. Absolutely
~ ~ ~
to the crowd in itself. Money and repute could buy placement anywhere, it stood.
“I’ve helped him with many things before, you know.
“Depends.” Bruce flicked it. "Should change colour at any moment.”
a question,” Peter clarified, raised his hands in defence. He stood slowly from the stool, let his arms accomodate the push. “What, exactly, am I looking for?”
Tony asked curiously.
. No Stark ever walks into a room with this many shiny instruments and no reason.”
And just like that, Bruce Banner was back.
“Mr. Stark?”
,” she said, gestured to the chapel doors. “The quicker you go, the quicker you come back.”
The only thing different, in that moment, was a potent dislike for Tony brewing beneath it all.
. No, he didn’t,” Peter muttered. Bruce pouted in a quiet acceptance, and went to turn to proceed walking.
“Well, I mean, yeah,” Tony said. “It’s the first instance I’ve seen this school even
~ ~ ~
“Oh, it’s not
Tony had the argumentative power equivalent to a small battalion—stood and walked over, expression unchanged, to the bench that held the boxes he had begun to move. He picked one up, grabbed it by its two handles, and made his way back to the arch through which the entrance of the facility was presented. “This is the last time I’m telling you,” Fury said. “I’m not letting you use this place as your own damn workshop.”
Tony played around adjusting something, squinted at a thought that came through his mind. He didn’t look at the other boy, though he ruminated. “What about you?”
For the remainder of that week, Tony had managed to attend
“It changed some things. Yeah, Coulson,
trellis, it retracted up and into a point of origin near the bend of his wrist swallowed by the grass. Then, it disappeared. The boy didn’t move.
to Tony that he settle back into school alone, and so a lot of evasion occurred thereafter.
this?”
An hour or so after school had finished—and the clouds were deep, shrouding stones that had begun to weep gingerly—Tony made his way over to the facility much more behind time than usual. He strolled, hands in pockets, under the darkness of the postmeridian, looked around into the shaded grass expanse through which he traversed. It was seemingly just him, walking the sea of blades that his school was built atop, the acreage of twisting mounds and ponds, being stared down at by the storeys of New England scales and their steeples. Most of the students, at that time of the day, did not pool around the clearer areas of the school, and preferred to be dining or inside their dorms. With the weather always looking the way it did, any opportunity to be indoors a student took.
.” Tony sorted through an array of bits on his desk, picked up the wire he had let down in contemplation. “This… wiring is still showing interrupted communication. I’m not leaving here ’till it’s fixed.” Then, he gestured to the leftmost bench of him at the side of the room, in which stood two fist-size cakes. “Plus, I have muffins from lunch.
Until Steve Rogers returned one other pearly afternoon.
nerved. He stood there, having had enough of Tony’s ghostly appearances (that just fit
food, not that
“I’m sorry, Peter,” Bruce said in closing. “Medical help. That’s what you need.”
“Would you be able to do something for me?” The former had then asked, drew Tony back out of his pondering.
(See the end of the chapter for
.” Peter, with a pleading stare, walked closer to Tony. “
“Oh.”
Peter straightened again his sleeve mouths, let them oddly envelope his orange wrist bands, and fixed promptly his vest. His lower right forearm, from which his webbing had come, throbbed lightly. Peter ran a hand atop his hair, smoothened it, and proceeded weakly for the chapel’s interior again.
you, Rogers?"
supervision.
Steve decided, at that, to refrain from talking. He pulled out a couple of sheets of school work from underneath a cog or piece of metal or
the minute you tampered with it, then, if not volatile?"
“You wouldn’t have to had he actually been expelled. You seriously expect me to walk around, Clint
“No?”
“Well,
And, perfectly, the chorus sounding from within the chapel froze, left the two in silence. That, barren of voice, was Peter’s part. This was his cue. And all things did, indeed, happen for a reason.
Again, like he had done before that day, Peter—with great deliberation—rolled up his sleeve. Bruce watched on, puzzled, and gripped his lab coat. Peter moved up the blue wristband, closed his eyes, and flexed the tendons of his forearm.
The sound of the entrance creak signified promptly Fury and Steve’s return. They appeared at the bifold arch opening into the facility, the latter holding with two fists a large, handled first aid kit decayed from decades prior. Fury pointed at Peter, who was still lingering around the table. “
"Actually doing something about these grievances, however… Controlling
“My memory’s full of gaps and blank spots. I don’t know why. Tony, I can’t even
urgent.”
Bruce crossed his arms. “Past experience doesn’t convince me otherwise."
“Last month, I had an accident.”
Regardless of how frequently they saw each other throughout the lightless day, they refrained from communication until they met in the early evenings in the facility. It was an unspoken divulgement in which Tony ensured he remained the facade of friendless, strange, strong on his
Trodding down the concrete halls, backpack strap in hand—hearing hard, fast steps hit flatly against external, wet patter—and, through the shoal of students, meeting eyes with
bad. And the height happened to only be two Steves.
Coulson firmed his mouth. "There is no reason why we can’t fulfil our aim of protection—our
Ignoring Tony, the director looked back at Peter. His eyes were wide in reluctance, head almost shaking in a silent
Tony nodded. “Hey, I get it. I’ve been meaning to do this all for myself, too, but
Steve breathed, tapped some fingers on the dark wood. “Are you sure you aren’t—you know—taking too much on?"
the toxicity of their démodé walls, though, knew the big money was really in engineering.
“Sleeves up," Tony said, and could be budged no longer, “and wristbands off.”
“Your—” he began, pointed to it, “your
Peter shifted a moment. “Why aren’t you two talking anymore?"
Coulson brought a questioning finger to his mouth. “Any particular reason as to why you’re frequenting the space, though?”
"It wasn’t my intention to catch you off-guard.”
things,” Bruce began. “And most of his conjectures are… unorthodox, to say the least. I mean, he’s a Stark; they’re ingenious people. Their thoughts—their
about helping your case.” And though he was talking to Steve, Tony said it to the split wire in his hand.
“Yes.”
a power source. It emitted immense light as a result of its energy generation, which Tony realised was indeed to maintain a smaller item that kept his heart steady and working. At its basics, it was a
“I need this thing checked out.”
, Peter,” Tony began, took another bite. “I understand you’re used to the cafeteria's black lettuce and
Tony kept his stare on his unidentified peer and wondered if he should alert the nurses that a freshman had passed out from the sheer fluster of the school.
After everything that had happened, he couldn’t possibly comprehend why he was back.
But when he turned to face his teacher, he met eyes someone else. A
~ ~ ~
Tony remained with his back to Steve, fiddled with his work. “
know that,” he then said, unfastened his seatbelt, “but something tells me my opinion differs to everyone else's.”
,” he interrupted. “Could you pass the phone to Howard?”
Tony looked at him a second more. The honest worst Howard could do was hang up. Or yell. And then it would be in Tony’s choice to end the call if needed. Put the power in
And then Tony saw—just underneath the student’s placid arm—a white, viscid structure.
Fury shook his head incomprehensibly. “What do you call
“I really don’t have the capacity right now to think about programs, or summer courses," Tony interrupted, shivered back into the conversation. He reached down to pick up his bag again. “Or university applications, or
“What?” The boy laughed nervously into it. “No. I don’t,
) to get Fury to agree so. Tony explained this to him, all calmly and cunningly, like a businessman. And then when Fury told him where to go, Tony made it clear that possessing the knowledge of such happening—and doing nothing about it as a
Tony, now, had his expression raised. “Holy shit.”
to know him.”
Tony squeezed his face to the side, indicated to Steve that he was in anticipation. After a brief period, a stern voice pushed immediately through the small phone and into Tony’s ear, awaking in him a flash of tensity.
“We’d have no reason to do that—"
“Well, I’m not calling him again,” Tony said bluntly. He tossed his phone onto a soft nest of loose sheets towards the end of the table. “You can forget that.”
He pulled the needle out again in a swift jut, which left a slot that dived into the blue contained within his chest. Tony was fine for a moment, chuckled even at the length of the thick needle as he brought it to his face. But then his eyelids flickered slightly, head swayed, mouth dropped. He stumbled backwards. Fury instinctively held out his arms.
“What’s your question?”
And Steve stifled a smile, which came with identifying himself the culprit. He looked down, afterwards, waiting.
Peter, under Bruce’s instruction, had been exercising his webbing out onto the same spot on the table’s surface, and was now sat weak and wobbly. He was pale—clammy with his eyes dimmed—and happened to resemble with great replication the white mist of rain outside. In his uniform he shook, almost, in a sense of physical surrender. Peter had even managed, for that past hour, to swallow the noise that came with the exertion for the sake of everyone in the facility, and it was taking its evident toll. Bruce was aware of the strain. He eyed him warily.
Clint nudged Natasha's leg underneath the desk they were seated at, and she looked up at him suspiciously. He grinned at her.
"Sorry, crybaby," Wanda said, twirling the car keys around a finger with an arched eyebrow.
"Not true! Last time I did stupid thing on team, it was all on me!" Pietro complained as the doors closed. He popped open the bag of cheetos, and shoved a couple in his mouth.
"Dr. Pym is on his way," Jarvis relayed. Bruce tapped his fingers against the desk he was sitting at.
can I go see Damian and Layla?" Emma whined as Victoria slipped from her lap and disappeared into the kitchen to eat, probably. Helen followed her with another yawn, almost certainly heading for the coffeemaker.
"What? No, c'mon kiddo, we had a deal," he said firmly.
. Even Pietro seemed to baffle at that, and Emma grinned at Vision.
"Don't listen to Aunt Katie, she's crazy," Clint told Peter seriously, and got a nod back as Peter held his hands over his ears. "Oh, you're precious, Peter Pan."
It struck her that during her nearing one and a half years with the Avengers, she had never actually encountered the Hulk. She'd seen Bruce turn into the Hulk, yeah, and she'd ran past him once or twice in a battlefield, but she'd never been there for the crashing. She knew Tony usually got through to the Hulk before anyone else did, was the one who usually gathered Bruce up and brought him back to the tower after a fight, and if it wasn't him, it was Thor. Emma never encountered Bruce after he hulked out and before he'd gotten some sleep and some food and tea.
"Scared to get up?" Tony questioned Hank, and Helen grinned at him. Hank stared at Tony for a moment in stoic silence, before he broke down.
Hulk's eyes widened just as she grinned at him victoriously, and slammed her hands down again forcefully.
"Think of the children, Stark," Bucky said with a mocking headshake, and his grin turned into a smirk.
Bucky grunted. "Fair point. I'm getting a job though."
"I'm gonna stop you right goddamn there. I don't need you to apologize to me for Tony. Firstly, he's a grown ass man, he can make his own apologies, and secondly, he pissed my partner off to a level I haven't seen in years. So you apologizing to me isn't going to do anything to fix anything," Clint said, hands in the air. Steve sighed.
"Jarvis?" Natasha asked, looking down at Emma's pale face with a small, reassuring smile.
"Emma no!" Tony shouted and stepped out from under the cover as the doors to the training room opened, and the current Iron Man suit flew in, obviously with the aim to absorb and protect Tony. Hulk's eyes followed it's trajectory, and turned to look at Tony, all out in the open, without a suit, and without letting anybody attack the Hulk.
"I have lunch. Why? Need help with Science?"
"Hey, look at me," he said softly when Emma crossed her arms over her chest defensively. When he nudged her chin, she looked up at him a little defiantly, swallowing hard. "Honey, we've signed like a
After there'd been a lockdown in the tower, or a battle, or anything distressing where his teammates and friends could be hurt, Steve usually got very... Clingy. First it had been his teammates he clung to, and then when Bucky moved in, it was him. When he and Tony became involved, it was most often him. Now, though, it was mostly Peter, because Peter was not only a child, but he also wasn't a superhero.
Natasha and Clint looked over at him, and Clint rubbed the back of his neck with a sheepish smile.
The bed, which was previously up against the left wall, was now on the other side of the huge room, on the right wall, and the bookshelf was instead against this wall, the couch and the loveseat moved accordingly. The tv was on another wall, the pillows aligned neatly on the couch, the blanket tossed over the back of the loveseat. The sheets were changed, and it looked like the bathroom toiletries had been cleaned out too, from the full garbage can in the corner.
"I heal," Emma pointed out, and Bruce frowned deeply, his hands going for his glasses, which were no longer on his face. He frowned even deeper.
"Not fair! Illegal warfare! Buck, stop him!" Emma gasped in shock as Victoria purred happily and settled down in her lap. Reluctantly, Emma's hand disappeared into Victoria's white fur. "You little traitor."
"One for Vision," said Dr. Cho, smiling broadly. "Tony, are you running the tests Bruce sent?"
"I just wanted to apologize on Tony's behalf," Steve began, and Clint held a hand up, because not only was he super-tired, he was also super-tired of Steve's puppy eyes. The other man's eyes widened in surprise.
"Ready to go soon, sweetie?" Clint asked, scraping the last of the food from his plate.
"Now that's just spreading misinformation, Stevie," Bucky said without hesitation. "You lead, we follow."
Bruce's eyebrows raised incredulously.
Peter lit up like the sun, and scrambled off the bed with his Iron Man plushie still in a tight grip towards a bookshelf. Who knew the Avengers Tower had a bookshelf? Probably something Steve had forced Stark to add to Peter's room.
"Yup. Squirt is all tuckered out," Clint alerted him quietly as he walked into the living room with Peter in his arms. Natasha slid down onto the chair in front of him, and tilted her head at him like she was about to interrogate him.
"What do I call Vision if I can't say he? It? That feels rude," he questioned.
"I'm getting ice cream. Want to go with?"
"He missed his parents," Bucky told Clint instead of answering Natasha, who was back to chatting with Peter, putting him back down on a chair by the kitchen island.
She pulled a pair of sunglasses off one of the shelves and shoved them onto her nose. They were cat-eye shaped and plastic pink. She thrust a pair of purple glasses with the same shape onto Damian's face, and pulled him closer so they could look at each other in the mirror.
"The neck," Sharon said a little angrily. Natasha shrugged, and went back to her report.
"I'd like for you to haul your ass over here so that me and Steve can get going. It's a long drive, wouldn't want the old man to be driving in the dark."
"Of course, Sir," Jarvis agreed.
"Yeah, fair enough," Hank said, and crossed his arms over his chest. He still hadn't made a move to get up. Tony turned his eyes on his fellow scientist, and grinned, before turning to Emma.
"We're still a little unsure about that. We don't want you to walk around on a leg that hurts, is all, alright? We know that you want to go meet your friends and stuff, but seeing as the accident happened less than twelve hours ago, we're hesitant," Clint explained patiently, gazing into Emma's eyes. Emma pouted, and Natasha hummed with a little smile, pressing an affectionate thumb to her pouty lip.
"Please tell me that's not what you actually named them, Tony," Bruce pleaded, alarmed, and watching as Vision shifted their density to enter the little bubble of light along with Tony. When Vision was safely within the bubble, Tony pulled his phone out of his pocket.
"What's
"I do, Sir," Jarvis agreed.
"Dunno. I just like to roam. There was this cute dress at Macy's I saw when I was here with Kate and she covered my eyes and told me that dad would kill her if she let me buy that. I think you'd like it."
"Thank you!" Emma beamed, surging up to hug Natasha and then Clint. Then she high-fived Kate and ran for the elevator to go get dressed for a day on the town rather than just the park.
"When do you even go to bed, kid?" Bucky asked as Peter directed him to draw one more line.
That wasn't exactly the response she'd been expecting. When she moved to tug Damian away from the threat, he stayed put.
He stared as it stuck, and he stared as Peter giggled and pointed to another magnet, one obviously Hulk themed.
"That's fair," she agreed.
"Yeah, Kate's still here," came Kate's voice, as she appeared in the doorway. "Clint's forcing me to socialize."
. Clint huffed, his breath tickling her neck.
"Whoah, Natasha," Steve said in his calming Captain America voice, blue eyes a little wide. "It wasn't Tony's fault. It was an accident. Everyone's going to be fine. Okay? No need to fight."
Another bandage was pressed into her hand, and she dabbed it against the back of Emma's head, making the younger redhead hiss a little.
"Urban dictionary states it to be 'a man with an amazing body who sits at home all day, mooching off his wife's money', Miss Emma," Jarvis said patiently.
Peter had insisted they use frosting to decorate all the cupcakes. Bucky had been forced, because Peter's combination of doe eyes and Steve's Captain voice was the best recipe for success, to decorate each of the cupcakes with Avengers signs. A few had an hourglass in red, another few a big star, that Peter had made with minor help on Bucky's side, another few depicted a hammer, a few of them quite frankly horrible arrows, then a bunch of radioactive signs, and a single one with an arc reactor. Peter had done a couple of spiders on a few of the others, and used the red frosting to make stars and Santa hats on some more of them. The kid had said lots of cupcakes, and now they had a lot of fucking cupcakes.
"Oh, poor Peter whenever he gets a significant other, they better be well prepared to handle the lot of you," Emma tossed back without hesitancy, and Tony grinned.
After taking a shower and dressing in sweats and a tanktop, he strode up to Peter's room, deciding to check if he was awake yet.
Emma hadn't seen Damian in a while, which sort of bummed her out. They vid-called a lot, but he had a lot going on in his night-life right now, and was practically a zombie during the days. He wouldn't tell her anything about it, no matter how much she pried, so she'd taken to being silently supportive instead. Layla was the one to suggest this outing, but Emma was happy for the opportunity to try and make him relax.
"Singular." Well, that made her feel better.
"You think you're funny," Wanda complained, but held a hand up like a torch of scarlet light.
"I promised him I'd come over today," she supplied. Clint groaned.
"Nice," Kate agreed with a grin, shooting fingerguns at her.
"How was the park? Did'ya have fun?" he asked as he walked over to the cabinet with the bread in it.
“This wasn’t apart of the deal you struck up with my father."
“I came to talk to you.”
Tony interjected. “Like, from blood pressure?”
ambitious of Steve to invite him with the sort arrangement they had going on.
“Neither am I,” Tony said, shrugged off his blazer, “but I feel like the machinery in here will suffice.”
Peter gave a nervous chuckle. “I’m also kinda scared to say no to a senior with a
Tony thought a moment.
Instead, it was the glow through the glass that transfixed his thought. Because light—strong,
There was nothing scarier than the heir of an empire, after all.
—for the extra space was definitely worth it.
Tony knew his existence and persistence had somewhat been accepted, seen as legit and customary.
Tony sighed. “Yeah, but that was reckless of me. Just a bit.”
Like an intricate,
about seeing someone voluntarily repeat an action of pain, as opposed to falling onto soft grass and hobbling off without injury. It plagued in them a deeper concern, and it was one that had to be grown, rather than being smacked upon them at the release of adrenaline.
~ ~ ~
Tony stifled a laugh.
,” he said through his mouthful, thought about it. He turned to Steve. “You writing this down?”
“Well, when I wire it up to,” Tony said. Then he exhaled, put his hands on his hips, stared straight at Peter. “Being like everyone else, especially
wasn’t an impressionable first meeting.
more, though, and then you’re done,” Bruce said. He pointed to the cup in front of him. “Keep drinking that.”
Tony went croaky, held the probe with both hands, lurched a bit. He blinked at an odd feeling. “Jesus. Why does this sort of hurt?"
_________
“So you’re sure a spider bit you?” Steve asked.
Tony furrowed his eyebrows. “Who’s
, guys,” Peter said, looked around apologetically at his chorus, gripped his lyrics folder nervously. “But I just
For the time being, there was not much else he could do other than tamper with what he already had.
For a moment, Tony was caught in a memory that divulged hard against his tongue. Seeing Steve—his wide frame, the possibilities and advantages of his force—and knowing he was capable of such behaviour, he swallowed.
Peter said nothing. He looked frantically around on the floor, and then at the thing he had just halted. His eyes broadened in a realisation personal to him: he hadn’t passed out.
“You play well,” Tony interrupted, interlaced his fingers.
going to—"
idea if what he was about to do was going to work, and it seemed like the stupidest idea in theory. But Tony was all about theory. Theory, and proof.
.” Peter extended an explaining hand. “You’re… You're
“Junior ROTC? I
are you doing?”
me for the sole reason that we’d be incompatible?”
“I wanted to ask you a question,” he said. “About…”
“And what use would that be?” He asked, screwed his face up. "You gotta put him in a situation that’s
did that to you?” Bruce reiterated, needed to make sure he was hearing it all properly. Peter brought his wrist up again, showed Bruce the raised erythema atop the arm.
Tony had settled in quite nicely; he expanded his clutter and workings onto multiple benches, made his fingerprint mark on the various machinery available in the space. Though Dr. Fury had initially declined him being there, Tony took it upon himself to speak the first few breaths of student life into the facility. He spent his time, between and after classes, working on understanding the device in his chest, and had picked up a rhythm of testing that Fury had unfavourably become used to. When Fury decided, one early afternoon, to push out a row of casement on the far windowed wall in an attempt to, as he had said,
Just wanted to reiterate that there will
, was unusual; Tony had forced himself not to frown at the exchange. Steve was looking to Tony for familiarity, just a reassuring glance between classes, and it would prove awkward if he dismissed this and failed to explain later on why.
And, while at the summit of them all, Tony believed his authority was laughable.
And then—if the situation couldn’t appear worser—from the side of the facility, backing the pond, came in great and unexpected timing Dr. Fury. He held a plastic goldfish bag of murky water in each hand, and tramped hurriedly up the rise of the hill and towards the portion of the house in which the three boys were, his black coat flapping enthusiastically against the movement. They were sure he’d heard all of it.
Seated individually and isolated in his Physics class, something had pulled him out of a daze that penetrated the blur of outpour on a nearby window. The culprit was a conversation succeeding him, a low rumble of murmurs beneath bowed heads engrossed loosely in work. In exact, it was a few interesting words strung together.
and said he'd order it in. From that point on, Tony would just have to wait.
stance on bullying, of any sort,” Coulson said. “You’ll be safe, completely, under our administration. That’s a promise.”
“Then why does something tell me that my involvement would work purely on your advantage?” Tony, now, interlaced his fingers to compete formality, quirked an eyebrow too. “Prove me wrong."
“This better be the result of a small nuclear explosion,” Fury said loudly, managed to shroud the hint of rage behind his austere voice, "or whoever’s in here is getting their asses
Almost
be pairing activity! There's just a bit of narrative context to lay down first.
. I knew some pretty reputable people went to this school, but
“Me?"
Tony was distant, hands holding the lingering parts of his dignity at the edge of the table in support. The palm with the right beam pad did not, evidently, sit comfortable at the surface’s border. His heart was broken beneath the brace he wore, too. “Yeah,
Tony turned his head to the side, squinted at him, scoffed. “You
at his return. Another student jumped in, interpreted promptly Tony’s frequency at the newly-established engineering facility as his attempt to hide from the rest of the school.
"You really made your way over here to waste my time, didn’t you?”
Tony then went quiet, walked closer to him. He breathed and ruminated and went almost sombre, standing across from someone he used to consider his
rather than it usually did in. Peter held his arms upright. Steve blinked at the condition of them. So did Tony.
not. I… What makes you say that?”
. You’re set to inherit the
The possibilities were, in all of Tony’s lack of plausible reality and unrestrained thought, endless.
flattering in the beginning. Kind of odd, too, but still… yeah…” He furrowed his expression, shook his head. “Uh, I… I can’t have you following me around anymore.”
“Do you think having a device inside you that both
At that, Coulson almost let himself stutter in desperation. “Mr. Stark,
“No one’s going to find out.”
house and refuse to speak to me.”
“You won’t believe me at first,” Steve started, and was hesitant. He breathed, looked at Tony with intent. “But it was a memory... of your father.”
either the assistant, or the experiment,” Bruce said. Then, he crossed his arms, reminisced into territory he’d have rather stayed away from, quietened his voice. “I’m going to take a guess and say he didn’t tell you what he did.”
Coulson breathed, tried to approach the situation with diligence. “Would I be wrong in assuming yourself? By the—"
“Once he comes back,” Tony clarified. He waited a bit, dithered in his mind, and then narrowed his eyes in reluctant resolution. Peter waited, also. He felt almost urged to ask who, but Tony eventually said the name. It came out sad and admiral and reminiscent, all at once. “
“Let me explain,” Coulson began. "We’ve been in ongoing communication with
Then, in sudden revelation, Tony turned around and opened his locker again, cut Steve off by the dividing action. He dug deep into the top shelve, sorted through loose sheets of paper. Steve stood there, lingering awkwardly. This
Tony stared at his principal a moment. “You brought some kid over, from another school, to ensure Barton doesn’t jump me again?"
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Physics homework, mainly.”
beneath the unsettled array of dark tables, lay Steve considerably unconscious. Tony stared at him wide, pondered quickly his vitality as his own chest rose and fell atop the accelerated rhythm of his heart. If he wasn’t mistaken, a laser of such force was near fatal at contact. Tony took timid steps towards his sprawled, uniformed body.
more knowledge than me on all this.”
, is the biggest drag you could ever wish upon yourself."
Like someone who had fallen off a building found themselves thrust back, magically, from heights.
“Jesus
issue did that exposé on me? June? August?”
Fury grumbled something about the manipulative sons of wealthy men. Tony stayed put.
. Something told Peter that—beneath trying to prove himself—joining his multitude of extracurriculars was to forge connections, and as many as he could to distract from their quality. But Peter knew all the nervous laughing and disguised enjoyment and depthless conversations would let up in finality. He wished he had something a bit more.
Bruce couldn't manage a further word.
. Which member of faculty did you burden with my companionship?"
There was a silence between them that proceeded. Tony stared at him, remained mum to let him talk, but could only hear the ambience of the team who had commenced training behind him. Tony used the moment to examine the student further. He was awkward, odd, let his eyes wander a lot. He hadn’t changed up close from what he looked like from afar. In this encounter, however, Tony noticed a thin, pushed mouth, shifty waves at the lick of his hair, and an overall anxiety that sat cemented underneath the form of his face.
At least he had completed
wasn’t capable of doing that.
“Let me help you,” Coulson said, gestured toward the bag as well. At the bend of the action, the sternum strap of Tony’s backpack snapped open suddenly, shone the light of the cerulean insertion into Coulson’s view. He stared at it.
There was more to his heart than Tony had realised.
Tony looked up from the wire. “When did everything become about
Tony asked back, gestured to the hall. “You could’ve just—oh, I don’t know—
Tony let off his backpack behind him. He promptly took apart the buttons of his shirt just atop his chest, spread apart the fabric with both hands. Immediately, into Fury’s cautious stare, shone the effervescent blue light from Tony’s writhing heart. His eyes widened.
for help, enclosed behind the corneas.
“Hold on,” Tony said, brought his hands up. He meditated. “Are you one of the many wealthy sons of whom I’ve rejected friendship over the years?”
. He hadn’t cracked jokes of the sort with anyone since Bruce, and Steve and himself had been on an otherwise awkward basis until, visibly, that moment.
Peter stayed silent to hear it.
he had his bags in the trunk,
why.”
The facility’s internal was dust and dark colours, clouded mute sun through faded stain-glass, and met Tony with an old staircase as it opened into an expanse of checkered flooring and a mouthed ring of machinery sitting atop it. A barrage of uniform, deep-wood tables sat enclosed within them, and were loomed over by ornate lamps. The farthest wall he could see was the one blanketed in windows, which were frosted dirty in abandonment. A grimed whiteboard interrupted its condensed light.
Instead, like a telekinetic ghoul, he extended his right arm, and protruding from the orange wristband came the white lattice. It immediately stopped the ball in its flight, held it there for a moment as Peter let out an uneasy cry beneath a pained face and slightly-upturned pupils. And then, almost instantaneously, the webbed limb retracted into his wrist, dropped the golden weight onto the floor with a heavy wallop swallowed by the thin rug. Peter regained his normality, stumbled backwards. He was breathing stronger than before, eyebrows slanted in fright, bewilderment, strain.
“I had
“Nope.” Fury kept his back to him, worked through his stuff. “Your daddy’s a big name.”
It was impractical—and highly eroding of all dignities—but sleuthing was what had to be done to find what he needed. And he got just that.
Steve looked inquiringly at Bruce, who had the vial with the instrument in it at his eye level. He crossed his arms. “What happens now?”
, other than you guys—found out about my… I’d be—“
homework."
Tony comically scrunched up his nose, whipped around his hand as if sensing aroma. “The stench of disingenuity, for some reason, is hindering my ability to come to a decision.”
Except for
“But you can’t tell
Tried to understand
“It’s a false expectation,” Tony decided. Then, he lifted himself out of his chair. “And I don’t want to entertain it.”
“Tony—"
Tony's hand lingered on the interior handle of the car door. “A few is more than two right?”
He stepped out of the right of the Bentley, closest to the front of his school’s entrance, and felt immediately the loom of the mammoth building all old and stoney. Tony looked up at it and huffed. Retreating to the trunk, which Jarvis popped in compliance to the small thump he gave the car’s rear, he took his belongings.
“So, it
, there was a moment of pondering as to where he happened to have disappeared to
Although, Tony Stark’s idea of acquaintanceship differed quite fantastically from the standard.
idea this place existed,” he admitted. Fury returned to his assortment of boxes, unbothered. Tony watched him. “There even a point in asking how you know of me?”
“Packs way more punch than it’s delivering. The potential is
“In my vision. A name plate, too.” He stared at him, then, with great conviction. “It said
“But—"
From that moment on, Tony knew his heart was gone. Something inorganic, instead, was in its place.
Tony sat upon a stool—which Dr. Fury had taken out of storage—and let him finish closing the aperture with a hand blow torch. Eventually, Fury switched the flame off, sighed for the second time, and walked around him to put the instrument down on the bare table. Tony began to do up his open shirt.
hands. And he hadn’t spoken to him since his discharge from hospital, so he guessed it was time.
Inside the school’s chapel—an antique stone, chiseled into a roofed mouth of artistry and stain-glass dentures—was Chorus. Their institution was secular, forced creed
Peter tried to understand what he was trying to convey.
Bruce shook his head. “And how did you manage that?"
“Tony—"
The school’s sports field (though Tony, in all his snooping, had seen his peer with
At that, he proceeded slowly around the three of them and towards the exit leading out to the back of the facility. They watched him leave, close gently the door behind him.
“Tony,” Steve said, crumpled his own expression. “That’s almost fifteen feet.”
Steve began to approach him. He walked stolid, heavy steps towards Tony, eyes devoted chillingly to him and nothing else in the room. Tony watched him, saw a placid hostility in his face, and felt the dumbbell of his heart drop slowly to his feet. The situation was so familiar, far too familiar.
Rogers was a military kid."
“I’m not a wuss, Rogers. My father’s just an ass.”
“Yes,” Peter said. His heaving began to subside. “A lot.”
“And, you know what? If you can’t get into Harvard, I won’t go to MIT. Simple as that.”
“I don’t know what kind, or… or what was wrong with it,” he said, eyes racing about in comprehension. "But it’s been screwing with me ever since. I’ve been able to do
“Fibre and electrolyte supplement,” Bruce said, prepped some tools on the table. “Well, homemade, at least. It’s the best I could do.”
Tony looked blankly at him. And then he laughed.
did you both do?”
are not
situation you got going on.” Tony returned his hands to his pockets, made the whole situation seem nonchalant. “You gonna tell me what that thing is?”
Tony shook an agreeing, lying finger. “I will."
Tony swung his backpack around to the front of him, fished between the open zipper for his missing book. Steve examined him, noticed something he recognised. “You look very familiar,” he blurted out. “I’ve seen you around before, haven’t I?”
At this point, the tension in the room had calmed to a slow murmur of comrades in banter, and it slowed even further to silence, again, with Tony and Bruce staring at each other. Something unstated in the moment called for further sentiment. Bruce was not indebted such, and so Tony dipped his head, thought about it, and spoke finally.
But when Steve finally approached the building, saw its ivy and feudal adornment and lonesome stasis against the rest of the institute—and saw the black water that extended behind it into some sort of expanded, unattainable realm—he wasn’t as deterred as he thought he’d be. In fact, Steve was intrigued.
his second face.
Tony gave him a look.
“I… I don’t think you’re allowed to touch those,” Peter warned.
the school. And they’d, probably, send me away to—"
For the first time in a while, both of them felt pleasant, irrespective of whatever was going on with the both of them personally.
Peter looked at Tony, conflicted by the presence of either authorities, and reluctantly sat again.
Tony raised an eyebrow. A name to the face. “Parker?”
The choral director, sporting that familiar faculty-reserved look of annoyance, turned to Tony. “A reason, Mr. Stark?”
“You’re offending me,” Tony said. “You can’t just take up residence in
And, just as Tony—after noticing the truth of Steve’s denseness—was to explain the jest of his question, the both of them were drawn out of their conversation by the notice of a swaying figure to the side of their focus.
And the student, sat unaffected by the insinuation (as though it bore no relevance), was missing his left arm. The space, nevertheless, was left respected by the adjustment of his jacket’s sleeve. In any manner, it did not dim his threat.
“By my arm?”
“What even
“Tony—"
In the lab, white and clean and almost empty (save for a few students working overtime on individual projects, like himself), Bruce was tiredly losing interest in his work. He had his cheek resting in the palm of his propped up arm, watched a distilling apparatus drop slowly liquid into a flask, and that just so happened to be a most uneventful pastime. It was quiet and clinical. It was boring.
Tony believed he had communicated enough to Peter, who stood timid and equally ashamed and a bit wobbly from all the exertion and intimidation. Satisfied, he nodded, began to back out in the same way he did before to retrieve the football, but this time now towards the adjoining hallway and to the exit.
Tony shrugged. “Fair enough."
“Steve?”
“He's
He eyed Jarvis intently, put an arm on the window of the car door. “I’m going to be okay.”
When his father’s Bentley pulled into the rounded mouth of its entrance—and the classic,
“It’ll indicate the presence of a particular metal I’m
“What isn't?”
It was depraved, but Clint was satisfied.
“But—"
He left him standing in the space, surrounded by the tables, impacted by a soldered hole in his chest where his curiosity lie.
“You’d better go,” Tony then said all quiet and sharp, surrendered to spelling it out for him. His hand tightened around the wire he had picked up to commence his work. “Dr. Fury doesn’t like students who aren’t his in here. Doesn’t like students in general, it seems."
or if his subsequent reaction would ruin the entire endeavour, and, also, just
Fury had managed to pull Peter up, who discerned finally what had happened a moment before. He began recovering quickly, much to Fury’s disbelief, reassured him with the enthusiasm of someone who
Tony perked up. “Yes?”
Bruce furrowed his eyebrows. “What?”
Algebra Two?” Tony asked. “Don’t they just make you do your multiplication tables?”
“… and Red Bull,” Tony added from behind them.
that could move a raging man.
It was more so a metaphorical hand—a beam of light plunging through him like the punch of a giant—but
“Something like that.” Tony looked around ineptly, surveyed the near-empty forefront of the school. He waited a good moment before he asked his next question. “When did you expel Barton?"
“Sir, I’ve just—“
Silence at the end of the line ensued. Tony sighed. “Please.”
“No, following the kid around
” He hung onto it, closed his eyes almost. “Tony.”
“I trust you recovered well?”
. I think I’m going to be sick—"
“I’m just checking up on you,” Coulson said, gave a formal smile.
Steve raised an eyebrow in unbelief, held his paper still. His eyes looked around. “I wouldn’t know.”
“I do."
thing.”
“I don’t have time for this. Say what you need.”
call.”
“Agility,” Peter said. “I’m much better at… doing stuff. I’m faster.
was important.
“God, I’m really not cutout for this, am I?” Tony asked no one in particularly, though maybe himself, and took the fingers that tapped and pulled on his lip in thought, let his leg bounce.
Though Steve had gotten used to the fact that there was an invisible man that he couldn’t see seemingly living in the ceiling, it still always took him off guard hearing Jarvis respond.
It took a minute for Steve to notice the slightly upward twitch of Tony’s lips. Instantly any guilt he felt melted away.
“Look, nugget, look who’s here to say hi,” he said, trying to direct her attention to the screen.
He really had thought he was happy with Ty at the time, but it didn’t take long to realize that he was becoming a shadow of his former self. Tony had always been boisterous, opinionated and self assured. However, around Ty, he became meek, he never said anything contrary to what Ty thought and he began to doubt himself. It took a lot of convincing from Rhodey and Pepper for Tony to realize that he needed to get out of the relationship, and after a handful of failed attempts, Tony finally walked away. Since then, Tiberius had taken any chance he could get to try to slither his way back into Tony’s life.
“I love you.”
“All of it!”
Tony answered, trying to figure out where he could have gone wrong.
The both of them laughed together for the first time in too long. Tony looked at Pepper, the way her nose crinkled and her eyes lit up while she laughed and a sense of calm understanding washed over him. He loved Pepper with everything he had, but deep down, he knew that this was how they were meant to be. Best friends, and nothing more. Realizing this now, though, brought nothing but happiness to Tony. He had spent so much of his time after their breakup mourning what was lost to truly focus on what he still had, until this moment. He became overwhelmed with the thought, and just threw his arms around the redhead, taking her by surprise. She let out an audible ‘oof’ as he wrapped her in a hug.
“Peter’s got a point. It might take some grand gesture for the two of you to get past this,” Bruce reasoned.
“Yeah well, I’m your ass. And if I can get Peggy to look after Cora that weekend, I’ll be your New Years date too.”
, Steve heard the sound of someone trying to unlock his door. He looked towards the door, puzzled.
“I’ll get the cards,” Steve groaned, getting up.
“Just promise me, okay?”
Clint handed over the pop tart and threw his arms up in defeat.
“Thanks,” Bucky said, leaning over and giving Natasha an unnecessarily sloppy kiss.
“Stubborn ass wouldn’t take no for an answer,” Steve said around a grin, throwing his arm around Tony. He pulled him close, placing a kiss to his cheek.
.” Fury growled out, clearly trying, and failing, to hold in his annoyance.
Tony took out his driver’s license and slid it across the table.
“No, all that matters is that Bucky is a jerk,” Tony muttered as he crossed his arms in a huff. Steve just laughed and gave him a kiss to the temple before standing.
,” Steve uttered at the feel of the tongue on him. Tony let out a chuckle as he continued to lap at the furled skin, teasing. Steve wanted to let Tony set the pace, since the focus of the day was his happiness. As Tony worked, though, moving his tongue in slow, long strips, Steve felt himself losing it. He was seconds away from begging when he felt the tip of Tony’s tongue delve into his hole.
“That bad, huh?” Tony asked, glossing over the fact that he was impressed but also sad that he missed a side of Steve that, quite frankly, sounded hot as hell.
“I asked him if he knew anything about it and he looked at me like I had three heads,” Rhodey said, clearly still astounded. “But it didn’t seem as though he was ridiculously unobservant, I think he’s just that into you that he doesn’t even care. It’s a part of you; any other information past that doesn’t seem to matter. It’s nice, honestly.”
The alpha had finally started coming to terms with the fact that he had feelings for Steve, even before finding out about the baby. Tony was fairly certain that it was next to impossible for the omega to be any more adorable than he was regularly until he walked into Steve's apartment that day. He had been so embarrassed to tell the alpha about his shopping mishap, but Tony swore he was going to die right then and there looking at the blond’s face. All he wanted was to grab the man and give him a kiss at that moment, but he thought better of it, and just laughed.
Tony exclaimed. It only took a fraction of a second for him to realize that that probably wasn’t the best choice of words. He immediately stood up, becoming aware of just how hard his dick was.
Tony sat on his couch, curled up with a hot mug of coffee and a Stark Pad, reading through Maria Stark Foundation proposals, when JARVIS let out a chime.
“If you ever need anything, for the baby or otherwise, don’t ever hesitate to ask. All of Tony’s friends and I are here for you.”
Steve looked away, rubbing the back of his neck as he felt his cheeks warm.
By the time Bucky and Natasha had arrived, Cora had finally stopped crying, though she ran from Steve every time he tried to get close to her.The second Cora saw Natasha, her mood changed, dramatically.
“Why would I quit my job because you asked me on a date?!”
This was a scene right out of Tony’s worst nightmare. Howard stood right in front of him as he held the apartment door open.
"I feel like I want regular breakfast, you know bacon, eggs, pancakes. But I also feel like I want an omelette. I don't think I could eat all that though so I don't really know what to do," Steve answered, with a pout.
“Are you sure?” the blond asked, with a playful tone of annoyance.
“What would you say if I told you that I part of the Stark in Stark Industries?” Tony asked, nervously.
Steve opened the door then, managing to wipe the tears from his eyes before they even fell.
“Natasha, I know what you’re going to say--” Steve began, but stopped once he realized who was standing in front of him.
“What’s the point of having a bouncer if not for that exact reason?” Bucky answered, clapping Steve on the back, firmly, “But either way, you’ll be fine, I know it.”
“No, that won’t be necessary.”
But those closest to him, those who recognized that tone as a defense mechanism knew that something was up.
Steve thought over her words, deciding that it couldn’t hurt much to just listen to what she had to say. “Okay,” he quietly agreed.
They had a lot of work ahead of them, but thankfully most of their research was already out of the way. All they really had to do was put something useful together that the group could use in their presentation. After working in silence for an hour and a half straight, Tony decided to take a break. He stood to stretch and check up on Cora. Once he returned, he noticed the new email he had. His heart sank as he read the flight itinerary for his Christmas trip to Florence. Part of him had sincerely hoped his father was kidding about the trip to Italy, but Tony knew better. Howard was a lot of things, but a jokester wasn’t one of them.
Sarah seemed to consider this a moment, then nodded her head.
“I’ll uh…I’ll see you later Tony.”
“Really?” Steve asked, exasperated.
“You’re trying to act all noble, like you’re denying this thing that you want because you’re trying to be selfless. You’re just scared. You don’t think you deserve to be happy, so you punish yourself by denying yourself what you want. Well you just need to get over it.”
“We just want to make sure that you’re not moving too fast...again,” Sam began, treading lightly. “You know, like with Sharon…”
“Come on, Cap, let’s go get some real food.”
“Insulting Bucky.”
Tony snorted at the question. “Good lord, no! That was just an explanation for the massive sweater. I got all hot and bothered because: 1. Seeing anyone you’re dating wear your clothes is always a turn on—”
“Listen, uhm, I brought the both of you here so we could talk things out. No crazy scheme, no in depth plan, just talk, ok?” Natasha spoke, gesturing for Tony to take the third chair at the table.
Tony sat up, ready to fire an insult at the inept waiter who couldn’t take his fucking drink order, but all he felt was numbness when his eyes landed on his waiter.
“I’m here to meet with Tony Stark. He said that Jarvis would take me down to the workshop.”
“You made this man your second in command after barely knowing him, went on an entire date with him, then whisked him off on a weekend getaway, and you mean to tell me that you two are just
“Oh, well I found out a few weeks ago that my dad’s requiring that I go to the biennial Stark Symposium that’ll be a week, and then dear old dad is forcing me to stay out there another week to help out with a few things. So, thanks to this...I’ll be missing the baby shower.”
“It’s a
“Yeah. She says she wants to be with her parents for awhile.”
Steve drew in a ragged breath. Tony had never man-handled him like this before, and though he wished he didn’t, Steve liked it.
Sam ran his fingers across his mouth as if to zip his lips shut, and Steve sighed.
Thank you all so so much for reading along! And keeps your eyes peeled for a little addition to come some time down the line!
Steve let out a laugh at that.
The blond smiled down at his phone, looking forward to Tony’s visit, until he realized that he didn’t actually have a single thing to cook for dinner. He quickly scrambled to his feet to make himself look presentable enough to go grocery shopping. When he was finally ready, he called for a taxi and went outside to wait. Once the cab picked him up, Steve began to run through any and all recipes he could think of but nothing really sounded good. He figured he would just relax and wait until he got to the store to see what he was in the mood for.
“Last time I checked, I wasn't,” Tony answered around a laugh.
Almost immediately, Bucky, Sam, and Clint began shouting out ideas. In that instant, Steve knew it was going to be a long night, but it was going to be well worth it.
Steve quirked an eyebrow, slinging his backpack over his shoulder. “What kind of reward?”
The Brooklyn Bridge Park had always been one of Steve’s favorite places. His mom used to bring him here when he was a kid, with the carousel being a special treat when they could afford it. Steve found himself visiting the park with previous significant others but it never really felt right, so he just left it as a place to visit on his own, to people watch and draw. Steve wasn’t really sure what the goal was for bringing Tony here, but he hoped that the brunet would at least enjoy this place that meant a great deal to him.
For days now, Steve had been feeling an itch to create something. When he’d taken out his drawing supplies, he ended up just staring at the blank paper for an hour before realizing he needed a different creative outlet. So he picked up his writing notebook and got to work.
They sat in silence again for a moment. He knew Carol wasn’t going to say anything until he answered her question.
Tony gave a small laugh at that, looking up at Steve to notice the sympathetic look on his face.
“I’m not breaking up with you. I love you too fucking much.”
“Look, I love you, Tony, you're my best friend and I don't ever want that change. But this relationship, us dating, I can't anymore.  I’m sorry.”
“Ready?” Tony asked, once his fingers were slicked with the lube. Steve just nodded, his eyes closed. “It’s gonna hurt a little bit at first, okay?” Again, Steve did nothing but nod. Tony gently ran the pad of his finger over Steve before slowly pushing in. He remembered the first time this had been done to him; how it had felt so intrusive and
out of the ordinary, though, was that an article of his clothing fit Steve perfectly. This was something that never crossed his mind before, but seeing Steve wrapped in a sweater that covertly told the world he belonged to Tony was enough to make him harder than he'd ever been in his entire life.
Tony gave a wide smile at that before speaking softly, “Alright then, it’s a date.”
“I…” he hadn’t known Clint that long, but who was he going to tell? Bucky would flip shit, Sam wasn’t answering his phone, and Nat would immediately go and tell Bucky, so he was back to square one. “I had sex with my ex-boyfriend last night.”
Natasha gave a somewhat nervous smile.
No one...except for Steve, apparently. Steve who, despite filling out the sweater with his broad chest and shoulders, still had the sleeves fall just shy of the tips of his thumbs. Steve, who assumed the sweater was some kind of getaway gift, and wore it proudly as such. Steve, who was unknowingly lighting a fire under a kink that Tony really hadn't known existed prior to this very moment.
There was so much more that Tony wanted to say, but the words couldn’t make it past the lump in his throat.
Tony said, his finger making an audible ‘clink’ as it hit the arc reactor under his wife beater.
“Oh,” Tony whispered. They sat there staring at each other for a moment before Tony’s brain seemed to kick back on. “I am too...bi, that is. I am also bi.”
“You have to want it one way or the other. I know you, Steve. Stop trying to make everyone else happy for point two seconds and tell me what you want.”
Tony blinked slowly for a moment, then smiled up at her.
Steve narrowed his eyes at Tony, now looking offended by the accusation. “I don't know what the hell you’re talking about, but why would I come back here and ask you on a date if I was part of this elaborate scheme to steal your tech?”
“So perfect,” Tony said, reaching for Steve’s hand to entangle their fingers. “You are so perfect, taking my cock like you were born for it.” Steve let out a long whine at that. Tony knew the effect his words had on the blond, and he had no intention of holding back.
“Look, Nat and I don’t have to go out of town for the holiday. We can stay here if you need us,” Bucky offered.
, he needed to be strong for Mason. Steve was the only person he could trust at this point not to let her down, and he took that responsibility very seriously.
She took a break in her screaming long enough to shout, “No!” and try to shove him again.
At that, Steve heard the sound of the door clicking softly, unlocking for him. He took a deep breath before stepping inside to find an absolutely beautiful lobby. For a moment, Steve itched to be able to draw the lobby, a feeling he knew he’d become familiar with during his time at the tower. He walked up to the security desk, seeing a man with a name tag that read ‘H.Hogan’.
home? After all, you did you my money to buy it, didn’t you? When are you ever going to learn, Tony, that I’m only ever trying to look out for you. Once you take over the company you--”
Steve felt something tug at his heart at the thought of Tony being excited to spend any amount of time with him. “Yeah uh...I’ll be there,” he answered, hoping his face wasn’t as red as it felt.
“Yeah, but we’re gunna keep doing it so…”
Steve really considered Pepper’s words, thinking back on Tony’s actions prior to their breakup. He’d only ever seen all the extravagant gifts as Tony trying to buy his love. It had never occurred to him that that was Tony’s way of trying to
Great. Now he was stuck, all alone, with his boyfriend’s daughter and her poop-filled diaper with no clue how to change it. He could do this. He just kept telling himself that over and over as he slowly approached Cora. After gagging three times before he was even within two feet of the baby, Tony realized quickly that he could not, in fact, do this at all.
Tony wanted to apologize for being so out of it. He wanted to praise the food for being better than perfect. He wanted to say something…
He said before bolting out of the living room. As drunk as he was, Tony knew that not even the coldest shower would help fix this. Not only had he made out with Steve (which, oddly enough had been on his bucket list since he knew what kissing was), but Steve had kissed him back. There was no going back after this and Tony had no idea how to deal with that.
It was moments like this, when Steve seemed to be sweeter than normal, thinking about the alpha and their baby first, that gave Tony a fierce sense of protectiveness. When he first felt this, he tried running from it, but over time as he saw Steve's belly grow larger, signifying that their baby was growing as well, all he wanted was to give them both the world.
And Steve now felt he was properly displaced in the comfort of alliance, finally, and could not contain his contentment. He shook his head at the remark, put his head down and focus elsewhere to choke out the enjoyable
Fury scoffed.
While a few students managed to look up at him from the potency of their concentration, none of them gave him any particular thought, which definitely didn’t help Peter’s case. He gulped in a questioning stasis of what he had to do next. Peter looked around, nervously. What was he looking for, again?
It only really took the threat of unregulated experimentation in unfit conditions (i.e. his
agree to help him reveal more about his issues. And, as dangerous as it was to have a frail heart near such potential for erraticism, that was Tony’s acknowledgement of
“Tony—"
"You let the heat build inside you, or, maybe,
He shook his head. “If this is under order of
Again, he stifled an incredulous chuckle. “Name a peer jumping at the opportunity to protect me.” Tony outstretched his arms, gesturing to no one. “Maybe Clint knocked the sight out of me too, but I don’t see anyone here."
“You know, for a sophomore, you
of the exercise.
He extended a hand. “Steve.”
“Did you though?” Tony squinted a questioning eye toward him. “Or was that under the instruction of my father?”
Tony grimaced.
just fallen off a building that he was fine (
Steve did a double-take at the misdirection. “What?”
Fury dropped the box he held from the height of his clutch. Tony saw it hit the tiling with a dull thud, heard its insides rattle.
The student was dressed with the formality of a solider: a jacket of dark cargo resembling uniformity, and sharpness. He had hair placed in perfect side part, held Coulson in a hard frown that seemed permanent of his eyes. At the statement, he squinted. It was a flicker towards something stronger, something much deeper than whatever unsettle he already evoked at surface, and Coulson saw this immediately.
pacer. However, Tony understood that such a contraption didn’t require a whole heap of potential to work. There was a large quantity of excess power he detected running. An
larger and well-accredited institutions on the basis of post-high-school acceptance. Yale, Harvard, Columbia: these days, they want their alumni confirmed half a decade before their application.”
. You need a doctor. Not two teenagers who…” He weakened the thought, recalibrated his direction. “…who are under qualified."
The period before rehabilitation was difficult for Tony to recall, but he did remember a few things:
, and I’d be kicked out of every club I’m in.
After his brief stint with Steve's odd violence, Tony’s plans to work alone had changed drastically.
Naturally, if he wanted to use the facility, Tony felt he had to find him.
“The labs. Always.” Tony scoffed. “I’d say I could be mistaken, but I know I’m not.”
“Nope,” Fury said, breathed, gave him a look of resolute unbelief. “I’m not letting a kid—"
Steve breathed. “Down at the pond, before I went off, Peter had said a string of words, I think, and—“
to success, and so Tony knew a religious structure of the sort existed only to boast architectural sophistication.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed distantly. He outreached his hand behind him, pointed it towards Steve. "Pass me that screwdriver, will you?”
“No, but
teacher. According to the prattle, Dr. Fury was mystified and silent, hovered around in a dark coat without so much as eyeing other faculty or students.
. I’m being serious. It’s… It’s just so
And then Steve waited, contemplated how he would go about mentioning what he had remembered down at the pond. He disposed that there was no specific way to go about it, and spoke after a deep exhale.
“I mean, what the hell
And that’s when, from the figure, came a short, sharp lament, distanced by the steal of cool air. The student’s frame folded and fell promptly forward, into the grass and out of view.
and you couldn’t care to elaborate past
Behind the hill, the drizzle of the mid afternoon slimed on Peter's face. He was already embalmed with the sweat of struggle, and the mix of rain water and the chill of the day wasn’t a helpful addition. He looked down at his right wrist, which was bare and hived before his sweater’s pushed-up sleeve.
“No more of
“Never,
Inevitably, it was strange for Tony to get used to Steve.
“And, I’ve been thinking about it, too. You can’t tell me the whole g
… That’s…"
“Thanks.” Steve finished scribbling on the book against his taught leg. "Actually,
He rest his head in a hand propped up by his elbow. Across the table under which the stool belonged, Tony tapped through his shirt and onto his chest's glass face in contemplation.
Coulson cleared his throat. “We’ve designated you a
Tony looked down at his chest, felt around the smooth metal edge. "Makes me a little more experienced than the average teenager, apparently.”
He slept for some time.
The webbing emerged quickly, hit a spot on the corridor's tiles in front of him, and he let it go on no longer than a second. Peter managed to retract it before the wailing came, and lurched in the weariness of short, but strenuous labour. Bruce staggered back, had his eyes broad, and Peter was still breathing heavy when he had managed to quiver a lip, hand pointing the spot of the webbing’s mark in
She squinted up at him, returned just as loud her remark. “Don’t you have a
Fury narrowed his eyes, put a balled fist on his hip. “What
. Peter, actually.
“Took you long enough, Mr. Stark.”
Steve was.
Bruce found himself plagued with disbelief, with a sort of gloom that a friend has for another’s misfortune. “What the
“It’s a fair bargain.” Tony pursed his lips in consideration.“And I
“Yeah,” he said simply. “You’d be wrong.”
And, despite his so-called sightings, they also spoke of him being difficult to locate.
can’t discern who I am, can you?”
my fault."
“Ah, right.” Tony nodded. “Father’s orders.”
behind a hill that escaped the initial of the school’s large stretch.
He put it to his ear, closed his eyes in waiting. Steve eyed him attentively, kept a calm composure so as to keep Tony balanced on whatever rocking, swaying horse his consternation had mounted.
, Dad, but—"
And at that, Tony was caught. Howard hadn’t explained properly the grounds for the lawsuit’s dismissal—he rarely explained anything to Tony in complete—but he never expected it to end with Clint still in attendance, and a student trailing him in his defence.
Bruce straightened himself out again, gave a few blinks in effort to understand, and swallowed. “Does… Does that hurt?”
ventures, do you mean blocking kicks to the stomach?” Tony asked, “or video games?”
“We had one of those?”
This was unlike him. This wasn’t him. This
~ ~ ~
, the surgical masks became enclosed between the black as he withered into galaxies.
from fishing for alumni, which would definitely be to Tony’s dismay if his repute didn’t already guarantee him a spot.
Jarvis examined the blue circle glowing dimly from underneath Tony’s shirt. “You’re expecting a few people to, if you will,
“That
Tony scoffed. “And you’re basically seven.” He looked over, saw Peter’s eyes wide and anxious, and slapped his back lightly in encouragement. “It’ll be like jumping over two Steves.”
“Oh, but I came across it first. I’m the honorary founder."
And then Peter took a breath, aimed for clarity.“My… My name’s Peter Parker. I was told you could help me.”
, what he wanted, one way or another. In fact, Dr. Fury had lost the minute he rebuked him.
Peter huffed, looked back out into the blue day, too, with a solemn expression, and buried it into his arm to escape the cold. Then, he said something wise above his age, though not particularly unusual for how well-seasoned he was. But it was still profound. “We can’t escape our second face, can we?”
The next individual, however, was a blazer-wearing,
“No, you’re not,” Tony said, tutted in disbelief. In that moment, he surmised no possibility of Steve being truthful with him, and was absolutely certain in that.
if that experimentation happened to be on the object of life-force of a student.
Peter looked down, thought himself into hiding. Tony pointed at him, brought him back. “Peter,
He sighed. “I’ve already said all I need to,” Tony said, returned to face his laptop to which his wires were promptly attached again. “There’s no use coming here to plead with me.”
the rejection came.
“And you aren’t?”
Tony chewed on bread. “He’s said
your type now. I mean, with due consideration that
At the sheer incredulity of it, Steve had to squander an emerging grin. “And so you’d
in that moment, except for the pulsating of a blackened pain around his body, engulfing him in a sort of numbness that was inarticulate. He was motionless. Nothing animated apart from his chest, in which his breathing grew deeper, faster, and everything was almost synchronous. His eyes were open, too, but not one subject nor string of thought registered with him; his pupils were at a stasis.
But Peter put his hands out, pushed past his help, shook his head. “I’ll be a moment.”
it; punctured through the skin and pulped the muscle, halted his blood. And then Tony lay there, dead almost, with the patter of rain drowning out his ability to discern time, space,
And Tony tweaked his work a bit more, though no real progression came from the action. Steve sat there, like he always did. He chose not to speak until Tony indicated, which he did a moment or so later.
He panted, collapsed back onto the bench preceding him, let his hands hold him upright as he attempted to decipher
“But why’d he do it?” Peter asked quietly.
As Steve walked out of the facility, dimmed by the beginning of evening, Tony called out loudly, though distant, “Extra one was for
“How so?”
Tony waved a hand. “Yeah, yeah. I understand how money works, Coulson.”
When he had closed the locker, and his backpack was again positioned behind him, Steve noticed properly the coloured gleam beneath Tony’s white school shirt, outlined by the black of his blazer. He widened his eyes a bit, cleared his throat. “Your, uh, undershirt is showing.”
Coulson cleared his throat, examined the sheet he held in his hand. “It says
“Are you going to get to it?”
Tony took a breath, let it rise and drop his shoulders like an insensitive shrug. “Forget it, Steve.”
The barter—
And then Bruce laughed, looked down.
He really didn’t have to, but Steve did it anyway. He fidgeted open one of his books, took a short pencil out of his pocket.
Peter focused a moment more, heaved his shoulders and closed his eyes. He brought out his right wrist to the table, and with great pain came the web, white and strong, onto the surface for what seemed like the millionth time to Peter. Bruce pierced acutely the instrument, with its sharp head, into a spot on the fibrous lattice, and with similar immediacy Peter retracted the web again and fell forward onto the table. He had managed to catch himself with his forearms, and he hung his head in the space he left between himself and the wood. Peter breathed deeply.
“Principal Coulson requires Peter Parker
bad, Tony.”
“I hang out at the engineering house, should you need a little more
Tony and Steve had stood up now, and were lingering behind Peter in examination of it all. There was something
