She makes it out of the room and down the stairs without making too much noise, and finds her boots without turning on the light. She’d send Riva or Beth a message to say she’s going to walk home and try sleeping there, but with them both being on edge about Cas and those agents, she isn’t sure whether it’ll wake them up. The last thing she wants is to drag either one of them out of sleep if they’ve managed to find some.
Sam met them at the car, yanking open the door near Cas and freezing with his lips parted.
“Er, well. I, er, we…”
“Then we find another way,” Beth says.
“You go get dressed,” she tells Riva, who’s managed to pull her jeans on but hasn’t remembered to do up the zipper or change out of the pajama top. “I’ll get Val.”
No-one speaks. No-one moves. And no-one arrives.
“For now, I see your point. Maybe something fitting of your status.”
Turning his head, he closes his eyes. What the fuck is he doing here? Like Cas is going to sense him and come out. If Cas wanted to talk to Dean, he’d have got in touch. Not like Dean’s changed his number. He never does, not the one Cas has. It’s been the same for years.
Cas is silent. It’s a loaded silence, one that makes Sam want to warn Dean to back off, before the dam breaks. But Cas thinks he’s already broken.
Turning with a shirt clutched in his hands, Dean saw Cas leaning slightly, as though trying to see what Dean was doing more clearly. Cas straightened, his gaze lifting to Dean’s face. He looked bemused.
“What?” The guy seems stuck on that word. “No. No, I just wanted you better. You can’t just… Can you honestly say you’ve been better on your own? Come on. I know you. You go off on your own and end up screwing things up worse. Don’t you?”
Sam throws part of a pastry at Dean’s head, and they set about getting ready to call a God round for coffee and gossip.
**********************************
He’s right behind her into the room, so he sees the way her step falters, the way she straightens her back and lifts her head as she goes on.
Thing is, Riva’s nodding like that makes any kind of sense and not like Cas is trying to translate something into human that isn’t really transferring well.
“Took a wrong turn somewhere, didn’t she?” Sam says.
“Get out of my way.”
“Yeah, of course.”
He sounds subdued. Sam isn’t sure if that’s a good sign. Dean at his emotional limit can be unpredictable.
“If it’s part of Dean’s plan, he might need you to stay here,” Sam said. “Yeah, I had the same thought. But can we adjust it, so you aren’t actually stuck? Can we make it look like you are? Loosen the ropes, kind of thing?”
“Cas didn’t do so well against Cain,” Sam said, remembering the way Cas had limped away from the being thrown into a pile of crates or something when they’d faced off against Cain in that barn.
Riva shrugs.
“What are you doing here?” he asks.
The world spins without him for a while.
“You okay, there, Cas?” Dean asks.
“There were a bunch of books around the Bunker that we never dug out before. Why? This one special?”
“Passionate? I suppose so. Dean…he cares deeply, but he won’t, he can’t, let that show.” He sighs, and Beth feels it shudder through him. “He’s lost so much. He doesn’t deserve what’s happened to his family, to his friends.”
His words will come back. They will. If he just waits long enough.
Nora shrugs. She isn’t going to try to work out the undercurrents to this.
Doesn’t excuse all the people he killed that day, either, at least one of them a boy who wanted out of the whole nightmare. Cas is the one he sees when he tries to sleep.
He needs to check in with Sam.
“And you thought he was human?” Dean asks, but really, trust Cas to fling himself into something like that.
Beth stands with her arms crossed, leaning back against the wall by the vending machine, and shrugs. A strand of hair falls over her face, pale and insubstantial under the hospital lights.
Sam’s eyes widen and he crouches, getting much closer to Castiel, even if he doesn’t reach out and touch him.
Ketamine. At least Sam knows what Cas is taking, now.
By the time they made it out of Dean’s room it was mid-morning, and Sam greeted them with a raised eyebrow. Right. Being pleased for them didn’t mean a free pass on the judgment when they spent a bit of extra time in bed, then.
She feels movement shudder through Dean, as he seems to catch himself. Perhaps he was tempted again to jump forward and drag Cas back to him. If so, Beth understands the impulse. It’s one thing to be told Cas is a warrior, that he’s a being more powerful than any human, and she thinks she’s started to get a sense of what he is, but it’s still tough, overlaying the images she has of him from all these months with the one in front of her now.
Beth lets Val pull her up and along, trailing behind her friend down hallways and past rooms full of people who could be going through worse than they are. Normally, she feels for everyone when she visits. Today, she feels numb.
******************************************
He can’t even tell her she’s wrong. Not entirely. Cas barely fought back when Dean… And he wasn’t sure himself whether he was going to bring that blade down into Cas’ heart, not until he missed. He can tell himself that wasn’t him, that he was being controlled by the effects of the Mark, but thousands of men and women use the same excuse about alcohol, and that doesn’t excuse them.
He rubs his own temples as the headache he carries most of the time flares up.
“Love?” Hannah asked.
“Maybe we should look into ways to help with that,” he says, and rushes on when Cas stiffens in his arms. Probably expecting some lecture or a sign Dean hasn’t really been listening. But he’s changed now, or is trying to be. “Look, there are ways to stop stuff hurting as much. Heat packs or pain relieving gels or, I don’t know, acupuncture or something. Gotta be worth looking into, right? Hell, I could do with thinking about it myself. Not, you know, that I’m saying what I feel is-”
“Suppose you could have made that sound a lot grosser,” she says. She holds up a hand as Val opens her mouth, glee dancing in her eyes. “Don’t. I said you could have done. It wasn’t an invitation.”
“To Heaven?” she asks. “You don’t sound so keen on it. My realm is settled, even with a few displacements these last few years. You could find a sort of freedom here.”
“We contact the Gods,” Cas says.
Dean froze for a second, then smiled, his lip curling up at one side in a way that had nothing to do with humor, nodding as though Sam had just brought up some interesting detail in a casual conversation.
Castiel drifts again, not so far and not so disparate as last time, but tethered to his body more lightly than when his vessel is clear of the powder. He thinks he’ll have to re-strategize. The powder’s useful, a balm to his wounds, but it harms the vessel when taken too often. He wants to drift always, and the human body to which he’s attached needs healing too often for him to do so.
“And do you wish to return?”
“What is it?” Val asks, apparently the nominated spokesperson for this meeting.
He used to believe the most vibrant and passionate of humans lacked a Seraph’s fire. There are many reasons that opinion’s changed.
Sam’s phone buzzes as he reaches for another book. The Bunker records they have on his tablet are far from complete, but he has found mention of a few things he can follow and he pulled every book on angels he could find weeks ago, hauling them around in the Impala on hunts. Just in case.
“If, when, we get Cas fix-” He cuts off at Beth’s raised eyebrow. “Er, if we can help him heal as much as possible, if he gets to a decent place, we’re going to make him understand it’s his choice if he comes with us. You get that?”
“We know enough,” Val corrects.
“I am familiar with the general idea,” he says, and pats the bed again.
Riva’s frown deepens before smoothing out. Despite the way the space around her shifts, he recognizes a carefully blank expression when he sees one.
“You’re worried,” Cas said. “Knowing who to trust is part of it, but you’re more worried about me.”
“We never trusted Crowley.”
No way will Cas have actually said this. Unless he’s really taken a knock to the head, and somehow thinks Dean is his boyfriend, and that Dean’s been abusing him. With the way Cas’ head’s been messed with in the past, maybe Dean shouldn’t discount that. Someone could have got hold of Cas and given him a reason to keep away from the Winchesters.
So they need to ease the tensions, make these people see Dean as less of a threat. They need to open up the chance of at least…visitation rights or something.
“I’m not going to attack you. Fuck.”
He opens his mouth to protest, and he really needs to sit up, but Riva speaks up before he can.
Cas nods, but his expression shifts into the one he uses when he’s telling Dean something that seems obvious to Cas and that isn’t obvious at all to Dean until it’s pointed out. He’s told himself he’s going to do better at listening at those times, so he pauses.
“He probably feels he has to make things smooth,” Beth says.
Sam grimaced and refolded his arms. He hadn’t known Hannah was right next to him.
She says the words so smoothly that they’re almost stripped of meaning, and Sam isn’t sure if she even believes him that they were fighting anything. He can hardly tell her what it really was.
“And you do?”
He’s seen more trusting expressions on vampires, but she steps back and gives him room to cross the threshold, holding her arm out to gesture him into the room to the right.
Val shakes her head, but she doesn’t look entirely convinced.
But he isn’t sure what he’s asking.
It takes him very little time to make it back to that room once he’s dealt with the forms and watched Riva get sucked back into the medical side of things.
“Singing?” It’s not unusual for kids to dream, either. Obviously. But Marianne isn’t fanciful. She colors and reads and makes overly serious statements, but she doesn’t talk about faeries or princesses or any of the things Riva always thought kids talked about. She isn’t the type to say something like this. “What kind of singing?”
“If I don’t give him this, he’ll die, Dean,” Hannah said. “I’ve removed the collar, and what’s left of him is free to heal, but he’s so weak and so damaged I’m not sure he will. I’m almost certain he won’t make it without this additional Grace.”
Castiel frowns at the bowl. His thoughts are sluggish, and piecing together a set of words to send into the world is harder than it should be. Still, he manages it.
Do let me know what you think. I love to know any lines which stand out, or ideas, or others things you liked.
As soon as he reaches the doorway, he sees Cas sitting on the couch, hunched over with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. The points of his shoulder-blades are sharp angles at his back, and his forearms look thin. Not like Cas ever wandered around scantily clad, but Sam’s seen him roll up his sleeves for a spell enough times, and he’s sure the angel had more muscular forearms.
He doesn’t say he’ll try and get Cas to come back with him. There’s no sense inflating Dean’s hopes.
“You, er, you what now?” Sam asks.
The demon lunged. Dean grinned, and went to work.
“I can stop,” Dean said, because Cas had been silent for a few minutes.
As things are now, Sam’s not sure they shouldn’t get in the Impala and drive away. He doesn’t think they can try to take Cas away from his new friends, not unless the women reject him when the knowledge of what Cas is sinks in. There’s at least a chance for some stability here, and Cas needs that. No. Best for Cas to stay right here for the time being.
This man is orange and yellow, and Castiel wants him gone. He opens his mouth to tell him so, and stops as moss-green appears in the doorway.
“Good. Then go. Get help.”
Dean pretends not to see Sam’s pointed look. Not like Dean hasn’t got his own memories of his Dad. How does Sam think Dean got his hands on booze so early on?
Another pause. And a quieter voice.
Riva pulls a face.
Sam found him like that once, sitting on the floor of the shower with water pouring over his head and his blade in his hand. It took him three days to find the blade in a drawer in Dean’s room after that. Dean has rarely left his side since Castiel took the blade back. Dean doesn’t understand that it’s part of him. To be without his blade is to carry an open wound. An living angel doesn’t leave its blade.
***********************************************
He draws a shape.
“We’ll need to keep an eye on it,” Hannah said.
“Attack?” he asks, like it’s crazy-talk. “I’m not attacking. If the stupid bastard’s gonna to run off when he needs looking after-”
That he both fears Naomi’s chair and longs for it.
“Dean?”
Before long, she was alone with Castiel in an echoing chamber of sigil carved stone.
There’s a look on Val’s face that’s almost painful to look at. If she feels even a tenth as twisted up as Riva feels, it’s going to be whiskey time for all of them.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Let’s not get all choked up about it, though.”
Nora picks up the truck and looks at it, but she can’t see what Tanya means. After a moment, Hannah leans in and hands Tanya a toy car. Tanya looks at it, then at Hannah, with the sort of deep suspicion a seasoned police detective reserves for suspects, but after a moment she soften and grins. Nora hadn’t even seen it when she was tidying up, so it must have got lost on the couch or something. In any case, Tanya takes it and smiles, demanding the truck back and dropping the smaller toy into the back of it.
It will take some thought, but with Dean asleep next to him, and with both of the Winchesters having declared their affection for him, he finds he can let his wings settle at last. The feeling that he must watch out for danger recedes, enough that he can cope without losing himself in the lives of TV people.
“Because it attacked you,” Dean says, flatly. “And now you’re thinking of risking getting yourself trapped in another purgatory to help it get home for tea?”
She says it like the two statements are connected. She doesn’t admit to listening to what Dean’s saying.
“You,” Val says, sleepiness giving way to a mis of lust and humor in her voice. This kiss presses to the corner of her mouth as Val’s fingers trail down her hip and over her upper thigh. “Gonna do you. You okay with that for a plan?”
“Again, Val, you are a Math professor,” Beth says, and at least ten percent of that exasperation sounds real. “How are we the only nerds?”
“No promises,” Val retorts.
“No, you don’t,” Hannah said. “You believe she probably won’t betray me. From what Castiel said when we were on the road together, I expected you and your brother to have some issues with trusting Bela, and me. But haven’t we already shown we’re on the same side in this?”
Okay, so Steve didn’t share that with his sister. Not for the first time, Nora wonders again how Steve came to be so much on his own, especially when he’s now visiting with his sister. Right now, she shrugs.
Even though Val’s pretty sure that Riva made the appointment and just told Aidan about it afterward. She can only imagine how happy he was with that.
*************************
The name broke against the silence, and Dean couldn’t fool himself that there was even a hint of movement. But he’d know. Wouldn’t he? He’d know if Cas died. He’d-
“It’s not too bad. Might be sore for a while. What made him jump like that?”
“No kidding,” Bela said. “Thank God you’re here to correct me. I dragged us all the way here because I still thought it was junk.”
He is trying to push aside the image of Hannah dying in front of him, but it’s far from easy, and behind her he sees Samandriel, Hestor, Balthazar, Rachel, others who he at one point or another called an ally, if not a friend.
Sam is going to say no, but he remembers Cas fitting on the floor when he had that spell on him from Rowena.
“Nope,” Val answers. “It never came up. You think he’s actually a physic professor from somewhere? I mean, I can see it. Tidy him up a bit, put him in a jacket with elbow patches… Sure.”
“I what?”
Castiel is feeling just annoyed enough about everything that he has no intention of calling on Sam for help if it turns out he’s forgotten how to use his hands at all, but he nods. He’s confused by his own tides of emotion, but there’s only so much he can do to smooth them out.
“I never said ten- No. You know what? I get that you’re worried, but he saved me, and we don’t know what that guy would have done, and, yeah, I must have been in shock or something to bring him back here, but he’s done us no harm. He fucking saved me! Listen to yourself, will you? It’s like you’ve swallowed a Republican or some shit. You’ll be telling me he’s an alien next.”
They’re in the Impala, Dean’s hand on the ignition, before he speaks.
“Something that affects the mind,” Cas says slowly, and Sam can see him trawling through his angelic knowledge. He shakes his head. “No. I can’t think of anything.”
He only needs a few minutes, just to check if the powder he thinks is upstairs is still there. He isn’t planning to take any. He just wants to know it’s still there and an option, for in case his wings become even more painful before they solve this case. Afterwards, he’ll let them bundle him back into bed and he’ll stay there, because they seem convinced it will help him and letting them think that might be all he can do for them by then. But first he needs to stay fit enough to help them hunt whatever is attacking people, to hunt whatever attacked him.
Dean swallows, the sound too loud in the room.
“I thought the FBI only got involved for certain crimes,” she says, but in her mind’s eyes she’s scanning over any memories of the boy in question. She does remember something… No idea if it’s of any help, but however she feels about good-looking, overly confident men arriving in her office, she isn’t stupid. When the FBI ask questions, answering is the best option. “Ashley was out of it sometimes, tended to daydream. I don’t remember him saying anything about any weird incidents, but he was… Well. He seemed to be sleepwalking through the day the last couple of times I saw him.”
And what kind of a mind-fuck is that?
They don’t speak again, and Castiel eventually pulls out the phone and checks the messages. It’s always possible it’s from Sam, with news, at last, of where Dean might be. Instead, he finds himself staring at a string of letters that at first make no sense at all. When he manages to parse them, he finds his lips tugging into a smile.
“It bothers you, my relationship with Meg.”
Then again, Sam navigated Stanford, and he coped that almost-year he spent with Amelia. Not letting his dad tell him who to be, that’s what’s helped him.
Even with trying not to see her, something of her fierce, blazing meaning soaks through to him, a brighter green than her sister, shot through with gold. It loosens the words in this throat.
*******************
“Cas,” Val says, and Beth works on not minding that Cas’ eyes snap right to her. “Sam and Dean are here. They say it’s about the case and they need to talk to you. They say they found something of yours in the park.”
Not that it’s the case, here. Whatever exactly has happened with Cas, and whatever his exact relationship with Dean, enough has been admitted for Val to know Dean’s part of the issue. And there’s still a chance Dean is lying. Still a chance he thinks he can get Cas to go along with whatever he wants the story to be.
“What do you mean, Cas’ gone?” she asks.
Some tension goes out of him, but Val’s pretty sure she hears hurt. Does he want this Bowie to be here for him? Beth was mixed up when she finally left Greg. She said she wanted to go back, more than once, even though she never did it.
“No!” Val says, Beth and Riva joining in at the same time. Val goes on. “If Cas wasn’t having an issue with controlled substances, then maybe, but I don’t think it’s the right mix here.”
Val stops pacing and frowns.
It’s more like being pulled along by a river, the pathway Inanna showed him opening up and dragging him along, and even with his wings so broken and bruised, he rushes. All he has to do is steer, balancing where they are in the stream, Ereshkigal’s son and him, and it’s almost like being whole again. Almost.
Irritated, prodded to movement when he wants to be still, he brings himself closer, turning his awareness more fully to that point. They’re familiar colors, familiar colors laced with something like longing. Jade green and amber. Need. Desperation.
“Dean Winchester,” the man said, and there was dark smoke lingering in his words, in the real flesh under his skin.
He catches his first response and takes the moment he needs to interrogate it. Dean has spent time lying next to Castiel, Dean has spent time holding him. Dean has spent time telling Castiel he’s cared for. The mission hasn’t been mentioned nearly as much. Logically, it’s him Dean’s worried about. The thought is new, almost jarring, but a good tactician takes on board new information, even if it’s strange or uncomfortable.
“Yeah. Will you?”
“Look, I know you’ve been through a lot, Cas, but you look clammy. Kind of…kind of panicked. Is there some reason you don’t want to be out?”
“And how do we get him to let us help?” Dean asks. “I mean really help. Because Cas has this habit of going off on his own with crazy schemes to fix everything that pretty much always end up breaking him more.”
“What?” Ashley is startled enough to look up. “Angels?”
“That one is mine, Inanna,” Cas says, and there’s an edge to his voice that Dean hasn’t heard much in recent years. It’s the way Cas used to speak before going into a fight, all certainty and power and grumbling grace. It’s not jealousy, Dean doesn’t think, but it is a warning.
“This reads true,” he says. “Most Enochian in books, it’s dead or dying. Humans just…tend not to be good at keeping it alive. But this? I can almost hear this singing.”
Five times over the last month, they have done this at a different diner. Each time, Dean has announced it as the End Times. One day, perhaps it really will be, but that doesn’t matter. This, today, is not really an end. It’s another shedding, another choice. It’s a continuation of a more important choice, made as the dust settled and they looked at each other and knew everyone was different, that now there was no script but the one they wrote for themselves.
“You done stalking my reading?” Dean asks. Dean’s wearing a pair of sweatpants and a hoodie, something he normally only pulls out when he’s feeling ill. Or vulnerable.
“Yeah, and not in the bathroom,” Val says. “I need to hear you tell me that one.”
Instead of answering, Dean turns to Sam, his mouth opening but no words arriving. Dean shakes his head. Sam pulls a face, one Castiel has seen before when Sam hasn’t known how to say what Dean wants to hear. When Dean turns back, he points at Castiel with his free hand.
He doesn’t think he can face what it will do to Dean if the time being turns into forever.
Ah. Tie breaker.
Dean lifts Cas’ hand, bringing it closer to Dean, and it pulls Castiel around with it. It’s one of the gentler turns Dean’s insisted on.
“I’ll go,” he says, and makes no move to do so. One of his wings sags against the cushions, the telescopic eye pressing against the thick grain of a yellowed thread.
The flare of light must have done something to the creature, some damage or warning or something, because Cas sets off moving again, stalking past Val and onward, further than the thing was. Ashley moans, low in his throat, and it could be fear or it could be some other distress, but either way Val fists a hand in the back of his jacket and shakes him. Shut up. Shut up and don’t draw its attention back to them.
“I did,” she says. “And I do, yes. She’s having a nap right now, but she’d love to see you again, Steve. She always enjoyed your singing.”
Hannah shrugged.
“Fuck!”
“Just exactly who are you?” she asks. “Because you aren’t talking about Agent Bowie like he’s a work colleague. And how do you know Cas?”
“I want to work on it. I do. But I’ve got a long history of circling the same mistakes, and if I slip up here, it might be too much. And maybe I won’t even notice. So I need to know it won’t just rely on me catching myself.”
Fuck, she’s going to die, and she isn’t even going to remember it as it happens.
“I need to concentrate, like I said,” Cas says. “I…I need to use all of my eyes.”
“Did something attack you? Are you hurt? How’s your head?”
“She was,” Cas said, as though he couldn’t quite see how that related to the conversation.
Now, Dean rolled his eyes at Bela, shared a look with Sam, who was pale and tense looking, and lit the wick.
There’s warmth on his shoulders, the solid press of hands. It takes a moment to see Sam in front of him, and that should worry Castiel more than it does. But it doesn’t feel real. Nothing around him feels real. Another long moment passes before he realizes the ragged breathing is his.
They guide him to the sink and he flinches again as cold water washes over the burn. He’s been burned before, by flames far hotter than this tea, but the pain was different. Everything used to feel different. He wishes he’d brought some powder with him, but he felt Val would prefer that he didn’t. He told himself he didn’t need it, anyway. He isn’t sure why he thought that.
“Er, hey,” he said, moving past her and pouring a mug for himself. “You good?”
“Is he…?” Sam asks.
“We don’t know Cas is a victim. Not of Dean’s,” Riva says. “Cas said himself he’s a soldier. PTSD from war isn’t exactly unheard of. But that’s not even what I’m getting at.”
“Cas?” Beth asks.
“Cas kinda turns everything you think about angels upside down, I guess,” he says. “You must have had a lot of crap shifted about in your head the last few days.”
“In my true form, I can be music,” Cas says, and Sam is almost certain that’s a Cas joke. Almost.
So, it seems, does Ereshkigal. She takes a step to the side, towards her son, the long trail of her gray dress dragging on the ground. The creature flows towards her, enclosing her outstretched hand in itself. As the hum of communication rises, Castiel waits. They aren’t speaking to him, and he makes no attempt to tune in to what they’re saying. He’ll know his chances here soon enough.
The blade was in his hand when he fought that creature. He still feels the sting on his palm, something which has only happened recently. He must have dropped it.
A benefit to constant pain, Castiel finds, is that new pain doesn’t make as much difference as it otherwise might. Not that he has ever let mere pain stop him in battle, not until he’s reached the point where he can no longer go on. He makes it to his knees and over to the man against the tree.
Castiel was less than sure of that. Dean as a demon the last time seemed to be mostly drinking and singing and killing whoever was thrown at him, right up until he decided to go after Sam. Dean as a demon was terrifying because Dean was terrifying. Dean without his empathy and his sense of justice was more dangerous than most things Castiel had hunted in his long life.
Cas looks down, and Dean can’t stand the way that moment of pride vanishes from his friend.
“Well, I’m up now.” Castiel says, because it’s true and because he isn’t sure what else is supposed to go in his part of this conversation.
Riva makes a noise but doesn’t answer.
“They do,” she says. “Look, are you still living on your own?”
“What was he like,” Beth asks.
“I do love a battlefield,” Inanna says, a bit wistfully. “I’ve always loved to dance.”
“That’s an old dialect of Enochian,” he said. “A form corrupted by Lucifer.”
Yes. Beth. Perhaps some part of him can still see. Maybe his eyes are still seeing and he just doesn’t know. That happens with humans, their brains editing out or filling in details, patching over holes in the data. Maybe it happens with angels, too. Maybe his wings are still working and he can’t sense them properly, either. Perhaps he can still hear the Host. He has his blade back now, the part of him he cut off from himself and lost. One of those parts. Some of his strength must be back with it.
Under his hands, Castiel felt the smoke in Dean twist and writhe, and told himself it was part of the process. It was. They would have Dean back soon. He would have his Dean back soon.
“Ashley?” she tries again, drawing closer and peering up at him.
Another scream has him across the street and into the park, the branches parting before him.
The heat is back in Inanna’s eyes. Dean’s getting the distinct impression it never fully leaves, and she looks Beth up and down, her lips curving again.
“Well? How is he?”
Sam glances at Dean in time to see him smile and push Val’s shoulder, and that comment about not being a brother must have meant more to the two of them, to Dean and Cas, because Dean is lighter than Sam’s seen him in ages, even with the creature still out there.
Dean smiled, one corner of his mouth crooking up.
“I don’t need anyone to take me to bed,” he says, and it comes out more irritable than he meant it to.
“Call Sam,” she says.
This time, he turns towards the Thunderbird.
Castiel pulls the door open and squints at the man standing on the other side.
“Something to do with the case?” Dean asks, turning pointedly away from Riva. He catches Sam’s smile as he does so, but screw him. “Or something else?”
“Why would he do this?” Sam asks.
Sighing, Dean slips from the bed, taking his supplies and his warmth with him, and Castiel curls into himself, wraps his arms around his knees, his wings around all of him, and burrows his toes into the blankets.
And it’s not like there’s anything between Cas and him, anyway. Cas doesn’t even think about that stuff, not unless someone leads him that way.
The child is interesting. Watching Castiel interact with someone so small and so vulnerable is perhaps one of the oddest things she’s ever seen. A Seraph, especially one with Castiel’s history, isn’t the first angel she would think of for such a role, but he’s gentle and patient with his friend’s daughter, letting her tug at him and listening to the words she babbles. The throb and ebb of such a tiny soul is close to mesmerizing, but Hannah isn’t sure she would want to be tasked with caring for something so…human and messy.
He’s still there. Against the stark white of the hospital sheets, his hair looks black, even though she knows it’s really a dark brown. His skin is washed out, even more so than normal, and she thinks they should have made more effort to get him to spend some time outside, in the garden. Her mom always said people should get some air.
. His mouth says, “Uh, still workin’ on this one, but thanks.”
“Strange,” Cas says. “I can’t really taste it.”
“Maybe…” says Cas, clearly testing the waters. “We’ll be driving through Kansas soon. Maybe we could—”
Okay.
“I’d think that would be a benefit for you,” Cas says, somewhat carefully.
“Oh, shit,” he says. “Betty and Veronica, right?”
Then they’re back at the house, slumped on the couch, Dean’s head in Cas’s lap as Cas runs a hand through his hair. It’s nice. Dean is still surprised they can fall into positions like this unthinkingly—that he doesn’t seize up every time Cas touches him with genuine tenderness, that he allows himself to be cared for. That Cas wants to care for him.
“You can always come back to the guest room until you’re feeling more up to it.”
He leans forward to urge Cas back and Cas takes the hint, moving to lie down, his head on the pillow. Dean adjusts on top of him.
“I don’t think he’s planning on leaving you this time, Dean.”
“I really fucked up with you. I blamed you for shit you didn’t deserve to be blamed for. Rowena. Mom. Everything. And in Purgatory I said I forgive you, but that’s—that’s not enough. I know that. I shouldn’t have blamed you. I didn’t blame anybody else. I just blamed you. And that wasn’t fair. I can’t—I just expected so much of you. I thought you had all the answers, and then you didn’t, and it hurt me, so I tried to hurt you. And you never, never tried to hurt me back. You were always a better person than me. Even when you weren’t a person.”
of being God.
Dean presses pause, shuts the laptop, sets it aside. Pulls Cas in close and runs a hand through his soft hair.
Fine. Okay. But Cas, I'm gonna need you to do some memory-wiping after this.
“I’ve never thought much about song lyrics before,” says Cas, “but these all seem… appropriate.”
“I’m me,” Cas confirms airily. “Just more wretched.”
“Is it your arm?” Cas’s levitating hand ghosts above Dean’s shoulder, exactly where it hurts the most. Call it intuition; maybe it’s some leftover angel instinct. Whatever it is, beyond basic identification, it’s useless. “What’s wrong? What should we do?”
It hurts to speak, to even think about moving. But he feels like he’s alive—this is probably still Earth. Nothing to indicate otherwise. The IV in his arm seems so pitifully real.
“It fit my needs at the time,” Cas says, still not looking anyone in the eyes. “I just might rather have… a sitting job this time.”
Oh. Yeah. Uh, no. I still - I still need you to do that.
“I love you too,” Cas sighs into his shoulder.
“I just got one bed,” Dean says again,” raising his eyebrows just slightly. “For us to sleep in.”
“Nice vote of confidence for our interior design,” Sam grumbles.
What?
Cas nods, then frowns.
Castiel nods. Sam processes: Holy shit.
They stare at each other.
Cas looks down, obviously trying to staunch a big smile. “I’ll accept it,” he says.
Sam nods, pressing his lips together tightly.
A pause. “I know.”
Any information on how to break it?
Dean blinks at him. What?
“If you’re okay.” Cas turns his head towards Dean, a measured and searching look on his face.
Safiya nods patiently, like she’s waiting for him to get to the good stuff.
“Even not be God?”
About, like, everything.
Dean sits, folds his hands tightly on the table.
Was it heads up?
Yeah. Oh boy.
“Yeah, well…” Dean’s at a loss. “You have to take care of yourself.”
“Way to get into my private business, Sammy,” says Dean. Sam raises an eyebrow again. “It’s a fuckin’ joke, man. I told you, we’re hunting.”
she signs, and Dean signs back
For the next five minutes or so, until the pull into the driveway at the house, Cas stays silent. After he puts the car in park, he turns to Dean—unbuckles his seatbelt, folds his hands on the console.
As Cas is walking Dean out, another older guy is walking in. Cas’s face lights up when he sees him.
“Not so far off,” he says. “Look, Sam, he—he heard my prayers, okay? I was praying, and I thought he’d turned off Dean radio, but I guess he hadn’t. I asked him to come back and he did.”
“Ren.” Ren holds out a hand. “I’m the IT department.”
Hello? Melanie?
You two look suspicious.
“I suppose I am getting old,” Cas says after a moment. “Legally I’m, what—almost fifty? That’s how old my body must be. Though I’m not sure how any of the… extracurricular activity might have affected the aging of this form.”
“Think you’ve got a cold,” Dean says. “You’ll be back on your feet pretty quick, but it’s gonna suck for a few days.”
So I went to get it checked out.
So the last call on the phone was to his ex, right?
Well, uh, we'll leave you alone. Thanks so much for your time, Kara. Let us know if you think of anything else. Or if anything...
Dean keeps laughing, laughing so hard he’s nearly crying.
. Fucking ridiculous.
Sam shakes his head, still not looking Dean in the eyes.
Dean blinks at him. “What? That’s ridiculous. We’ve known you for over ten years.”
“Dean,” Cas says, like he hasn’t seen Dean in weeks. “What a surprise.”
“A date,” says Sam, laughing. “How chivalrous of him. Have you picked somewhere? I have recommendations.”
“I’d like to have the option,” Cas says. “It seems important.”
“Me too,” says Cas, petting the back of Dean’s head. “Me too.”
“Jesus, man,” he says. “Privacy, okay?”
“You know what they say. It’s 5 o’clock on a Friday somewhere.”
“Like—” Dean’s head is spinning. “What, you’re gonna elope?”
“No, I mean… I mean when we wake up tomorrow. And the next day. Day after that.”
“I’m fine,” Cas says again, more firmly. He stands, grunting, hands on his knees. Dean follows suit. When Cas wobbles a bit, Dean grabs him by the elbow.
“I think these are good selections,” Cas says seriously. “I wanted to give you options.”
“Dean, I chose—” Cas says, shaking his head, and then he takes a deep breath. “If I had stayed in Heaven for eternity, that wouldn’t have been my life. This is my life. I certainly deserve to make some sacrifices. But this isn’t a sacrifice. My grace has served its purpose, and I’m done with the hierarchies of the afterlife. I want to be human. Here with you. If you’ll have me.”
, so.”
“That’s just how songs work, man.” He reaches over and rubs Cas’s shoulder. “They’re universal. Everybody in love thinks every love song is about them.”
“I know you didn’t,” Dean says. “I just had to.”
Ren and Cas are chatting genially when Dean snaps out of whatever fugue state he entered, and he manages a friendly goodbye when Cas tugs him away to the next doorway.
“Come on, dude,” Sam says. “Don’t let that shit get to you. It’s
“John D,” says Dean, flagging down the bartender, who’s mostly just been chatting with the regulars. “Another for me and a rum and Coke for him.”
“Are you all right?” he says, voice thick and quiet, looking at Dean with such tenderness and concern that Dean’s insides feel like they’ve turned to worms.
Now Cas has a job interview, so it’s time to put it to the test.
“The inflammation,” Cas says. “I see.” He clears his throat, then clears it again, louder. His shoulders droop.
Eileen takes a measured sip of her beer.
“That’s good,” says Cas. “Quite convincing.” He sits down next to her.
Dean.
Sam clears his throat. “Uh, yeah. So, part of our thinking was, like—we want to be able to celebrate with family, definitely, but the wedding part we thought would maybe just be for us.”
“This looks more like you,” he says. He walks over, kisses Dean. Kisses him again. “I’m glad you’re all right,” he says. “I’m glad we’re here.” Another kiss, long this time, both their mouths opening. Dean is acutely aware of all the sex they haven’t been having for the last week; after the past month or so, the difference is noticeable to say the least. Sure, he’s been sore and medicated and laid up in a hospital, so he hasn’t been thinking about it much. But he’s been thinking about it enough. And now, with his hands tucked into Cas’s back pockets, he’s thinking about it more.
What? What makes you think that?
While Cas is gone, Sam reaches into his pocket and pulls out a wad of cash. He hands it to Dean.
“You let me in that garage and I’ll prove it,” Dean says. Maybe he shouldn’t be so cocky within minutes of meeting the guy—and maybe he shouldn’t bring attention to the fact that she’s needed reconstructing more than once—but come on. He has the right.
Dean takes a few steps forward, gun still in hand.
Castiel is lying back on his bed, staring at the ceiling. He turns the volume on the music back up as Dean's footsteps recede.
“Not useless,” Cas says. “I’d rather know for certain that you’re all right.”
“Concise,” says Dean. “I like it. A man after my own heart, Mr. Nowotny.”
I'm in love with you.
Sam nods thoughtfully, still rubbing at his eyes. “How’s that going?”
“Okay,” he says. “Okay.”
“I loved you the whole time,” says Cas. “Up to a certain point, everything I did, I did because I thought it was the right thing to do. For you. And almost every time I tried to show you that I loved you, or to fix things, it just made things worse. So forgive me if the fact that you now refuse to reciprocate my attempts at affection makes me…
“How do I look?” he says, staring at the front door, suddenly aware of how tight his chest feels. He glances over at Cas in his blue shirt, brow furrowed. Dean just barely convinced him to wear the ears, which is—forget rebelling from Heaven—how he truly knows he can get Cas to do anything.
“Yeah?”
At breakfast, there’s no weird energy between Sam and Cas. They’re as jovial as ever. Dean eyes them suspiciously, chewing on his toast.
“Well,” he says, voice still shaking slightly. “That outfit would be one major change.”
“He talks about somebody named Claire sometimes,” they say. “As in, he says she visits. Wasn’t sure if she was like, a niece, or…”
“My memories are intact, yes.”
“Didn’t know you liked Johnny Cash that much,” Dean says, looking away. He feels Cas shift slightly on the bed.
It takes an active effort in literally every muscle of Dean’s face not to sneer at her. He maneuvers into an obviously fake smile instead. Cas squeezes his thigh.
“Thank you,” Sam says again, patting Dean’s shoulder.
“Get out of my mouth,” he grumbles. Cas raises his eyebrows again. Just then, the food comes, and Dean knows he’s hungry, but he just stares at it, then looks back up at Cas.
“Jake Llewelyn,” the man says in a smoker’s rasp, shaking his hand. He’s maybe a decade younger than Tom, which makes him a decade older than Dean, and suddenly Dean feels very strangely situated in time. “You the new hire?”
“No comparison on the water pressure, though,” Dean says. He and Cas both nod wistfully.
The next morning, Dean wakes up with his arm slung across Cas’s chest, feeling warm and safe.
The rest of the summer moves by fast, like an 80s movie montage with a punchy soundtrack (thanks to Dean’s excellent music curation skills and some luck with radio stations). There’s more sex and a lot of it—in motel rooms, public bathrooms, alleys behind bars, the Impala. For the most part they’re doing it at least once a day, sometimes twice, occasionally more. Dean had a lot of sex before, but this is kind of insane. Cas doesn’t ever seem to get tired of it. It’s like his hunger for food got replaced with an insatiable appetite for sex. And, though Dean is reluctant to admit it, it’s some of the best sex he’s ever had. Cas’s enthusiasm and willingness to try new things overcomes any lack of experience.
“His brother,” Sam says hurriedly, leaning forward to shake the guy’s hand. “Hi.”
“Good talk, Sammy.” Dean stands, starts to leave.
Dean cracks up. Cas is alarmed.
“Oh, so now you’re gonna talk politics with him?”
Sam gives him one last good squeeze and says, “I don’t think the world is ending again any time soon. So just let me hug my brother while things are good, okay?”
I found this today. I've heard they're good luck. So, if you're asking for luck... Here.
“Two pies,” he says. “Savory and sweet. Irish and American. The diversity of human experience is astounding.”
“You’re welcome to join me,” Cas says. “If you ever want to.”
“Oh, uh. Well, that’s… complicated.”
to kiss him, that he should be allowed to. He wasted so much time. They have it now, he tries to remind himself, they have plenty of time now.
“I’m just trying to expand my horizons as a human.” Cas downs the rest of his PBR, puts his elbow on the bar and his chin in his hand. “I had tequila once. And when I consumed the stock of an entire liquor store, I did get to experience some variety, though the taste was—” He wiggles his fingers around. “You know. Molecule-y.”
“In a sense,” Cas says. “It’s hard to explain. The human brain can only contain so much information, and it can process even less.”
Dean heads towards the door, but Sam still has a hand on Cas’s arm, holding him back.
“Sometimes,” Dean says, looking over his shoulder to parallel park, “we humans do things that don’t make a lot of sense.”
There’s a long pause, only a little awkward, where Jake goes back to fiddling with the engine. Then he says, “I know it can be hard not to see ‘em very often.”
A big part of him says
“Well,” he says, “I probably just wouldn’t have eaten.”
Cas is surveying the living room, hands on his hips, looking confounded. It’s not a great set-up, Dean will admit. He’d had to throw away pretty much everything when he moved in because the house had been totally abandoned since about the mid-eighties. Now there’s just the disgusting shag carpet, the old wooden dining table with three chairs he found on the side of the road, the secondhand recliner set up in front of a TV.
“What, Jenga?” Dean says, finally feeling his heart rate start to decrease. He squeezes Cas’s hand. “How is climate change like Jenga?”
“Good,” Dean says. He takes Cas’s hands and lifts him to his feet. Smiles as he places his hands on Cas’s hips. “It was good.”
“I’d like that,” Cas says, half a smile on his face.
(tearful, forceful)
“The deal you made with the Empty,” Cas says. “You understand the implications.”
, he thinks.
Sam keeps telling him maybe he should take a few more days, that he he’ll handle the drive better if he’s a little more recovered.
“Yes,” Cas says firmly. He kisses Dean’s shoulder, continues up the side of his neck, slowly, slowly. “Perfect. In every way. Incorrigibly flawed and perfect.”
The volume on the music decreases slightly.
You worried about him? Me too. I knew he wasn't telling the truth last night. I mean, maybe he was. But I knew there had to be something weirder.
back,” Eileen adds. “We’re going to have our honeymoon.”
John D leans in and whispers something to Cas. Cas laughs, whispers something back, and John D pats him on the shoulder before walking away, slinging his towel over his shoulder.
“Wait,” Dean says. “So every time we watch something, you—we watched the whole—you knew what was gonna happen in
(beat)
And Cas is so serious, so relaxed, so beautiful, so drunk. Okay, maybe Dean is also a little bit drunk, finally. Point is: Cas is Cas. And Dean wants to kiss him with more than his hand. So Dean leans in and pecks him on the mouth—totally chaste and work-appropriate, but still, a kiss in front of people they both know. It’s progress.
“Dean,” he says, head tilted into his shoulder, eyes glittering with sincerity, “I’m sorry if I sound clinical, but it’s important to check in about these things.”
Ms. Parker...
Dean, Sam, and Castiel are sitting in a circle of chairs, all looking uncomfortable: arms and legs crossed, shifting nervously, etc.
“I know,” Cas says, shrugging like it’s normal, like
So much for good luck, huh?
“Uh,” says Dean, “I mean,” and his brain can’t seem to produce an effective argument, so he stops there and laughs again, hoping he comes across as charming instead of desperately weird. “I can just leave this here with you, I don’t mean to interrupt your, uh—” He glances around. “Office… work.”
Finally, Cas says, “Okay.”
He tries slipping out of bed undetected, but right as he starts to slide his feet onto the floor, Cas grabs his wrist.
Most of the desks are currently unmanned and there aren’t that many anyway—Dean counts eight. This can’t be everybody, right? He notices a hallway at the back of the room, presumably leading to the other desks and offices, and then his eyes shift slightly left and he sees Cas, diligently focused on whatever it is he’s typing, squinting at the computer screen over his glasses. Dean’s heart does a little jump and he starts heading over, horse blinders on, trying hard not to look around and see if anybody else is looking at him.
Dean laughs and kisses him again, and then their hands are all over each other, desperate to keep touching. This is the most skin-to-skin contact they’ve ever had, physically the closest they’ve ever been, and it still isn’t enough. He feels Cas’s fingers tracing along the top of his jeans, back around his stomach, along his belt.
“Thank you, Gregory,” Cas says, and he gives a little wave as they walk away.
While Sam is talking, Dean stands, wanders over to the table. He runs a hand through Cas’s hair, slings an arm around his shoulder, pulls him in close.
“I know,” says Dean. “Hey. I know. But there’s always been that risk, right?”
He considers going for another light kick but thinks better of it. Cas is calm, composed, still as an ice sculpture, nodding only at the appropriate moments; Dean kind of just wants to get a rise out of him.
Dean doesn’t say anything, just bites his lip from the inside of his mouth.
He waits for Cas, and waits, and waits. He checks his phone when it’s been eighteen minutes. When it’s been twenty-four. Thirty-six. They get off work at the same time and have about the same commute in opposite directions, so he’s not sure what gives. Cas didn’t text him and he always gets home at almost the same exact time. Maybe he went out with his work friends. But why not text him? This is nothing, right? This is nothing. Back when they lived in the bunker, Cas would just disappear for days—weeks—without responding to texts or calls. Why should it be any different now?
In a clearing, he sees two figures, both standing, both women. One is holding a gun, visibly shaking even at a distance in the dark.
is much more straightforward.”
Dean just stares, feeling warmth rise on the back of his neck.
“You’ve pulled this vegan crap on me before,” says Dean, suspicious. “Why don’t I get, you know, a big, hearty welcome home dinner? Burgers, hot dogs, bacon. Come on.”
“Anyway,” she says, running a hand through her hair, bringing her feet back down to the floor, “like I said, I’ve been helping Sam out. And I was thinking about going back to school—nor sure what for. I definitely don’t have Alex’s nurturing instinct, so nothing medical. Maybe criminology or something. Then again, if I ever need to understand the mind of a criminal, I know who to call.” She kicks Dean’s leg under the table, grinning.
They head down to the check-in desk and when Dean spots the girl behind the counter—thin, dark-haired, probably mid-twenties—he winks at Cas and whispers, “Watch this.”
“Not like this,” Cas says, his jaw starting to tremble, just slightly.
beautiful. I’m not gonna pry for details, but it sounds dramatic.”
Without even looking at Cas, Dean holds a finger up in his face.
“—not to mention the assassination of the original God. Almighty Creator. Their Father.” Cas grimaces. “Et cetera.”
“All right!” Sam stands and stretches, gathers all his paperwork, moves it to the coffee table. “Break for lunch?”
It’s honestly hard to believe so much could happen to Cas without Dean there—stuff that has nothing to do with Dean. Before, when Cas did things without Dean around, it was all angel politics, or active secret-keeping from Dean, or Dean fucking up and telling Cas he never wanted to talk to him again. Now it’s just an office job. And every night Cas will come home, and they’ll do this.
“Well,” says Dean, “I want this. All of it. The—the restaurant, your job, the house, your new clothes, everything. I always wanted a normal life. I just never thought I would have it, so it’s taking a little getting used to.”
The weekend before Dean starts at the garage, he realizes that the indoor renovations are pretty much done. Right on time. Sure, he still has to repaint the outside of the house—Sam keeps promising to help him and Cas with that but is always suspiciously busy when Dean wants to start painting—and Cas wants to start a garden in the backyard, which definitely still needs some major attention, but at least now they can get a couch. He and Cas spend all afternoon that Saturday rotating between secondhand stores and eventually find a leather sofa in good shape that smells normal and has a pullout bed.
That is so not true. Attack dog spell?
“How would you feel about a night out on the town?” he says, shutting his laptop and folding his arms onto the table to lean toward Cas.
, and he wants him here so they can do stupid stuff like tell each other how their days were.
Cas considers for a moment. “And virile.”
“Actually
“Get out, come on.” Dean is already halfway out of the car and Cas is slow behind him, still trying to solve the mystery.
, he thinks as he says it. But actually, it is. That’s it. Sure, everything else too—fear of Cas getting taken and brutally slaughtered by the monster of the week, fear that Cas would come to his senses and drive away for good now that he has a car of his own. But that’s what it comes down to: Dean wants Cas
“Comin’ right up.”
“I think you can choose not to.”
INT. BUNKER - LIBRARY - DAY
“I don’t want to work at the gas station again,” he says finally.
“You might like absinthe too,” Dean mutters back.
“I have a life, Dean,” he says.
“They showed me around the office and then I met Janine,” he says. “They put cream cheese on the pizza?”
He grabs Dean by either side of the face, forcing eye contact, abruptly composed. “I really don’t think Gregory wants to fuck me. If he did, it wouldn’t matter. Because you are the only one for me. Do you understand?”
A few nights later, he’s just come back from a kill at a vampire nest in North Dakota—the last one, as far as he knows—and is about to start getting ready for bed when there’s a knock at the door. He just sits there, hoping whoever it is’ll go the fuck away. They keep knocking.
He gets no more work done because he’s thinking: What if this is the thing that fucks everything up? What if Cas gets too attached? What if
“Second of all,” and Sam sticks two fingers mightily in the air, “I’m still involved. I didn’t quit cold turkey. I set up the network, you know, the Apocalypse refugee stuff, the ex-hunter stuff. I’m still doing magic sometimes. I’m still connected.”
“You live like this?” Cas says.
Eileen peeks her head around the kitchen doorway.
“I want to,” Dean says, realizing it’s true as he says it. He wants Cas to feel good. He wants to make Cas feel good. He sits up, leans forward, kisses Cas, who makes a small surprised noise. “Let me.”
One more shot of everybody looking agonized. From here, the confessions are shot in rotating close-ups like the stoner circle on
It takes Cas a second to process. Then he turns his face to Dean, looking almost euphoric, his eyes wide, his mouth slightly open.
Dean scoots down to face Cas. Smiles just a little. “You’ve got a sore throat. You don’t need to be talking this much.”
He sees Sam out of the corner of his eye, only feet away, scanning the area.
Only Castiel doesn’t want this. He wants Dean and Sam, and a thankless, endless task of trying to stop the Winchesters from destroying themselves along with the world. When humanity has this to offer, friendship and sharing and a sense of safety, Hannah can’t see why Castiel would turn his back on this and on his own kind both.
“You look like crap,” she says.
The smile is a sick parody of Dean’s real joy. Castiel’s brokenness has stolen the warmth from Dean.
Still, a small, stubborn spark refuses, and is afraid that his pain will call another Rit Zien. Pain was enough on its own for Ephram to find him, warding tattoo or no, and his pain now is no less. It’s not human, but the Rit Zien never normally focused on human pain, so it follows one of their number is even more likely to come for him now.
“I can’t go back into the underworld without facing my own end,” Inanna says. “Not again. But I do know the way, and I can tell Castiel. If I lend you some of my power, you should be able to make it and take him with you.”
“Not by creeping on Cas, we’re not,” Dean said, taking her arm and steering her back down the hallway.
She’s already given him reason to leave his room, however briefly, and however much he shakes himself near to pieces when he crawls back onto his bed. Leaving the room drains every bit of energy he has, and his shins still hurt. Even at the rate humans heal, it seems endless. He’s caught Val casting a look at his legs, a concern she won’t admit to in her eyes.
“I’ve had a few things pointed out to me,” Dean says, “and I’ve done a lot of thinking, and I owe you an apology.”
It’s Beth who invites him back.
Beth glances at her, a quick flick of the eyes, and nods.
“It’s…” She looks up at him, and he’s seen that look in people’s eyes before. He’s almost sure he has. Just…he can’t remember when or where. She swallows. “It should be healing better than this.”
With the collected gaze of hundreds of demons on him, and Dean giving him no sign of a way out, Castiel glanced at Bela to find her looking just as expectant as any other demon. He couldn’t tell if it was faked.
Dean finds himself wishing he could see it as more than a shadow-image.
“Cas,” Beth says, “Val already saw your wings-”
“But you nearly did.”
“Get me the books,” she says.
He needed to know where Dean had learned those sigils. When Castiel sat in that chair, it would hold him. Tether him. That didn’t seem like something Dean would do if this were part of a con.
“Yes,” Beth says. “But sometimes even I don’t know why I’m reacting that way. I don’t know why I’m upset this morning. You’re at least a lot better than you were, Dean isn’t the abusive asshole we thought he was. The two of you seem to be working something out between you.”
Anything to keep Cas safe. To keep Sam safe.
“He’ll not feel at home,” Inanna says.
“Dean-” Sam says.
“There’s an angel in my spare room. I’m not sure about anything right now.”
“Fucking super-hearing,” he says. “Shit. Cas, listen, you weren’t meant to hear that. Okay? And you weren’t supposed to fucking run off. I say shit I don’t mean, all the time. You know me.”
“What aren’t you telling us, Cas?” Sam asks, so Dean doesn’t have to.
“Guys,” she says. “We all need to can it.”
Still, his room has been echoing of late, the images in the waves refusing to stay steady, and he finds it impossible to say no.
“We’re not at sea,” Cas said.
Dean’s restrictions are behind him. Here, he can watch the TV for as long as he wants to.
And Cas is there.
“Still,” Dean says, “Cas thinks this is genuinely supposed to knit an angel back together. Not rip out parts of their mind.”
He knows that it won’t be long until Dean is ready to face the words Castiel gave him before his last death. Castiel has been ready for this conversation for a long time, but he can wait until Dean is, too. They’ve touched on it, a time or several, and the scraps of sentences have already shown the shape of what will come.
“Oh, but it is, Angel,” Dean said. “And now it’s yours, too. What?” He closed the gap between them, standing near enough to Castiel to reach out and trail a finger down the angel’s cheek. Castiel looked like he wanted to turn away, but he didn’t. “You didn’t think I’d leave you behind, did you, Sweetheart?”
“Can I come in?”
Dean snaps the pencil he’s holding in half without even realizing and leaves both pieces on the floor when he leaves.
“Hey. You okay? You’re… How much did you take? Hey!”
Bela smirked.
“Sorry,” she says, her hands up. “Didn’t mean to startle you. Should have thought. Are you awake? Do you know where you are?”
And it’s so quiet in this car, so liminal in a way that lulls him into feeling what he says here won’t matter, that he finds himself going on.
Sam comes back into the living room looking subdued, Beth just behind him, and Dean catches his eye.
“And people shouldn’t need a terrible thing being done to them before you decide they’re worth caring about,” she said. “You don’t have to suddenly pretend you like me now you know, either. I’m a lot more than what my father did to me.”
“No,” Cas says. “But we can do this, too. For a little while?”
Dean had Cas pulled close, had his arms wrapped around the guy, by the time Cas ended the kiss, pulling back just far enough to speak.
He trails off and manages to avoid everyone’s eyes. He isn’t looking round the room as much now as he was, though, and Sam wonders if it’s because his angelic eyes are doing it for him.
It takes long, groggy minutes for him to realise he’s sensing his other limbs, the ones he rarely feels while in a vessel. It’s dizzying, dislocating.
“What do you need?” Beth asks.
“And what, Cas?” Dean asks.
“I am dressed.”
Sam had glanced at Dean’s hand in Cas’ and said nothing.
The women still don’t ask, but the lack of questions is getting louder. Sam reminds himself that not sharing is something he’s leveled at Dean enough times, and hopes he’s making the right choice.
Each wing flapped, four of them, then two, then six, like Castiel couldn’t decide how many he should have.
“Eat up,” he says, apparently over their moment. “Your ice-cream’s melting.”
“Okay, so you said more than one kind,” Riva says. “Seraphs, which would be your kind. Grigori, which would be the creepy vampire kind. What else?”
Beth frowns.
With those in his hand, Dean stands, biting his lip.
If anything, she looks sadder.
Again, there’s a twist to the word that could mean family or could mean some organization. Nora nods. It doesn’t really mean anything, but it gives her some time, so she nods again.
But Dean doesn’t find out what Sam wants to say, because Dean’s swerving the car, fighting to avoid the people who burst out into the road.
He can’t give his name, not the one he’s worn for millions of years. Not any of them. And he isn’t human now; the name he wore then won’t fit, though he isn’t sure, in this moment, if it would be too large or too small.
“Your breathing’s off,” Sam says. “Cas, are you telling us everything?”
“Miss what?” Sam freezes a foot from the car, door still open. His expression turns wary.
“They get eternity,” Ereshkigal goes on. “An eternity of serving, of worshiping. Of obeying. Or else they get an eternity of nothing.”
Val smiles, thoughts of their strange new friend pushed aside.
“My form doesn’t change,” he says. “Not as such. Do you consider your body to have changed just because you raise an arm, or lie down?”
“I know a place,” he said.
And she turns and leaves, her outline wavering after her in streaks of ocher and lime-green as she vanishes down the hall. He lets her fade out of his sight, watches the other two.
“Be quiet,” Castiel says. His words slip into the world easily, modulations in the waves.
The air is sharp with cold when they finally leave the diner, and they don’t linger over their goodbyes. Before taking flight to the Netherlands, Castiel takes one more look at the shape he drew in the window’s fog. A symbol so rare not even every angel has known it, but one that he has hope they will learn, with Jack at the helm. It means change.
“As for the rest,” Hannah said, “we never really knew what happened to us when we died. Angels. We’ve been taught for as long as we remember that, when we die, we simply cease to be. But Castiel kept returning, suggesting he must be returning from somewhere.”
“Do you…” Castiel starts, and pauses to clear his throat. “Are you coming to bed? With me?”
In a clump of trees, a young man is struggling against someone larger, stronger. His shouts aren’t making it as far as words, but Castiel sees the panic streaming from him, bright orange and muddy indigo, a clash of tones which makes the air around them scream.
Sam brings him conversation, stories about the Winchesters as children or Sam’s time at college, stories that steer clear of any mention of Rowena or Naomi or other names which can jolt Castiel out of his current place in the time-stream. He sits by Castiel on the bed and talks, his voice soothing and gentle, and Castiel tries hard to look grateful.
“You blamed Cas for you getting hurt? When he was ill? You saying you pushed him away by blaming him, Sam? Wait. Are you saying I did something like that? I pushed him away?”
“Wh-”
That can’t be good.
She lets him help her up, her eyes darting from him to the spaces around him and back. He doesn’t comment on it. He can feel his wings flared out around him, still battle-ready, and feels regret that he can’t see as well as he would like. The outlines behind him show the attacker hasn’t made it far. He’s huddled behind a dumpster further up the street.
“It wants a friend?” Dean asks, disbelieving. “Oh, well. Fine. We’ll take it to playgroup, let it play with the building blocks with the toddlers.”
“What? No. Dean, no.”
This time, the silence is shorter, and Cas’ voice spills into his ear.
“I was high.” The room was at least three stories up. “But I don’t need… There’s no point in a doctor. For me.”
Anyway, he has a lot to think about and Dean needs to drive the way other people need air. Sam’s hoping Dean missed a load of the subtext in that conversation back there, because what those women were suggesting is horrifying. And even worse, he isn’t even sure how wrong they were. Are.
“It can be hard to let people help you,” she says. “But it does help to hear them offer. I promise.”
“I’m pleased for you,” Sam said. “Just so you know.”
Sam finds it oddly comforting.
“I…think I could. Yeah. If he’d like that.”
Jake disappears into the kitchen without answering, but Steve nods. His eyes look better than ever in the deep blue Henley he’s wearing, and Nora wonders if either of the men thought about that when they picked it. She wonders if they thought about how well it would fit Steve’s frame, either, or about just how- No. She isn’t going to think about Steve like that. She’d be lying if she said she didn’t notice, though.
“I have my wings back,” Cas tells her.
“Ashley’s awake,” he says. “He’s trying to stand and having some trouble.”
Castiel wonders if he should keep his wings tight to his back. With Val sitting so close on one side of him and Dean’s hand on his thigh on the other, he’s in danger of touching them. At the very least, if he stretches at all, his wings will come close to wrapping around them.
Riva didn’t call any authorities on him the last time they met, but then he’d just saved her friend and her bosses would have no way of knowing. Now? Now they are at her place of work. He closes his mouth and turns his head away.
“You’d rather focus on Castiel’s sex life?” Bela asked.
Her shoulders slump and she grimaces.
“Then you’ll stay away from him,” Beth says. “Maybe you’re right, and most of his issues aren’t caused by you, but maybe you’re lying to yourself about that. Either way, if you really love him then you’ll let him have his freedom.”
“Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course,” Sam says, but he looks at Beth as he says it and doesn’t move until she nods. “Shout if you need anything.”
So he’ll just check. And then he’ll go back downstairs.
“Of course I’m fucking worried about you,” Dean said, Cas’ understanding shaking his words loose. “I thought you were dead. Again. Because of this. If Bela’s wrong, we have to come up with something else. And she’s burned us in the past.”
“Well, then I guess I’ll say it to you. Get the ball rolling, so to speak. Sam had better be right about this.”
It’s not entirely the truth, but it’s further from being a lie than it often is.
“You believe us now?” Dean asks.
Another sound, even closer. She flinches, pulling in on herself, still pressing her right hand into her left arm as she tries to dig into the concrete beneath her with her toes, to push herself further back against the bit of wall behind her. If it finds her, she has no chance.
“It’s not the powder. It’s part of how I see.”
“Yeah,” he says. “That it was.”
He wasn’t sure his wings still existed before this, mostly convinced they were burned away with his fading Grace, that whatever was stopping him from healing had destroyed what was left of those limbs, but the pain strung in bright lights at his back is a clear memory.
The thought trickles up through his mind: he shouldn’t be here. He shouldn’t have come. All he’s done is cause trouble.
Dean opens his mouth twice before he gets a reply out.
Shouting pulls him up short. He’s only a few blocks from his room, near a small park, and night is falling. Tilting his head, he listens, strains his eyes to see.
*******************
When Dean steps back, the smirk faltering but not vanishing entirely, as though Dean’s hoping Sam might still be fooled by it, Sam pushes himself to the edge of the bed.
This time, Sam’s laugh is more heartfelt, even though it stings a little.
“Maybe it’s something else you need to be. Or try,” Sam said. “I don’t know. Maybe…maybe it’s not so much caring as listening?”
Castiel is lying on his side across the bed, a pillow under his head and the grey blanket covering every inch of him save for his head and the fingers of one hand. Sam’s question is most likely rhetorical.
“Yeah,” Sam says. “When we said it’s not the way you think, we meant it.”
**************************
“Ashley?” she says, speeding up and heading right for him. “Hey. What are you doing wandering around out here? Do you know how worried people are? The FBI are looking for you!”
“Um. Yes,” Cas says, ducking his head, like it’s embarrassing. “And, certain injuries from previous battles have never healed. I, er, I seem to…”
Looking as bewildered as Riva feels, Cas nods, and Beth shuffles until she’s stretched out next to him, one hand right next to one of Cas’. Riva feels almost as though she’s watching something private, something she shouldn’t be here for, when Cas moves the fraction of an inch needed to brush the back of his hand against Beth’s. She almost looks away when Beth twists her hand and takes hold of Cas’ fingers.
Cas nods.
She shifts on the settee, pulling away enough to lean over and put the mug on the coffee table before pulling her legs up and hugging her knees. With her cheek resting against her own knee, and her hair spilling gold, she looks vulnerable and precious and Castiel is almost certain neither of those are the right thing to say. He waits for her to speak.
“Where’s Cas?”
“Of course I have to be useful,” Castiel says.
Dean and Sam have explained to him that staring without words until someone tells you what they want is…liable to draw notice. He had noticed that, from working with Nora, but it seems harder to remember with Grace licking at his insides.
“They’re probably going to pull over and make use of the back-seat,” Bela helpfully pointed out as the Impala vanished into the distance. “Oh, don’t look like that, Sam. As though you haven’t had sex in that car.”
“We don’t know. He had a fit and won’t wake up. Has he ever been like this before?”
The other agent has a look on his face which…oh. There’s some tangled crap going on here.
Val sees Riva catch herself before she says anything else, instead shaking her head and looking up at the ceiling. If she’s praying, Val hopes she isn’t expecting any actual help. Help only happens if you work for it.
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, and he steps forwards, sage-green and gold trailing in the sight of that one eye, and sets a hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
Sam does have several interesting T-shirts, with patterns and pictures Castiel doesn’t remember seeing being worn. One is purple. The dog on it is appealing. There’s a too small hoodie, surely too small for Sam for a very long time, that Castiel tries on. He tugs on the sleeves, but they fail to cover the last few inches of his forearms.
It isn’t. Maybe he gets it, the need to protect, and maybe, just maybe, there’s some….some truth to the idea that Dean has hurt Cas. Hell, he knows he’s hurt Cas. But Dean is not an abuser. He’s not his dad.
But the bitter edge to Dean’s question lingers. He’s brought Val back hurt and he’s acting like he’s the injured party.
“So, you take all the time you need to get better,” Sam says, “and we’ll do what we can to help. Riva’s looking through our books on angelic lore. She’s got a friend coming round. Gertrude? Maybe she’ll find something I didn’t. Okay?”
Of course not. He hadn’t asked Sam, either. Sam had just moved in when Dean did.
“Perhaps,” Castiel says. “I don’t remember the incident in the park, so I don’t know how many were there. But there were three of us in the warehouse, and more today. It bears consideration.”
Oh. Beth breathes in and adjusts her thinking. Not guilt. Or not primarily.
“And that’s the problem?” Cas asked.
“Are you going to attack me?”
“I am sorry I can’t bring you better tidings,” Hannah says, almost at the same time, and somehow this sounds less awkward than other things she’s said. “Can it be fixed?”
His pain is more and more obvious when he visits, and she thinks he might be avoiding taking any drugs when he knows he’ll be visiting. She also thinks it keeps him twitchy and hurting, and there are times when he manages to get one of them to drive him back to his place earlier than planned. Val hates it. If he’s here then they can keep an eye on him. More and more, she doesn’t like taking him back to that run-down room to sit on his own and fester.
“No. Castiel is a seraph. I’m not. I’d have no real chance against a Knight, though I will try, if I have to.”
“I want to hear your side of things,” she says. “About you and Cas. I want to know what happened for him to be like he is.”
“If we say that, then it’s not just me, is it? You were there, too.”
Hearing her say it shouldn’t hurt, not like it did. It wasn’t as though Dean was stupid. He still wanted to spit in her face.
Beth shakes her head and sighs.
“I hardly remember anything,” he says. “I remember feeling…fuzzy? In my head.” One hand rises to touch his own temple. “Like static. It got in the way of everything. I…I think there were…”
“Yes,” Cas said, as though that was a perfectly normal question to ask. “Would you like a list?”
“We live busy lives,” Sam says, “and we’ve grown up in the life. No way can we get all of that across in a neat little speech. How about you ask us what you want, and we can go from there. Our main concern here is Cas.”
“Dean, maybe-” Sam says, but stops when Dean cuts a hand through the air.
“Cas, before you do this.”
Bela almost laughed, but she was almost sure the shock and disgust in the angel’s tone was nothing to do with gender. Hannah certainly didn’t get gender. Not the way someone born into a world obsessed with it did. Even having spent time as a human, Castiel was more likely to be outraged at the idea of Dean taking the throne at all, and assigning Castiel a seat by his side.
“It should be just across the street,” she said. “Does anyone need a rest break before we get to it? You can’t decide you want to go later.”
“Do you? Need a doctor? Did he hurt you?”
From the way her expression shifts, Beth gets it. Riva thinks Val might kick off less if Beth’s the one who tells her. Fine. Whatever works.
She’s got about all she can deal with as it is.
“Do you not see anything you like?” Sam asks.
Frowning, Hannah mouthed the word again, and Castiel sagged back. He would give her a few moments, but no more.
At first, nothing happened. The wick caught, flame flickering in a way that told Dean the far distant past hadn’t been blazing with light at night, and that was it.
“You’ll not kill my sister’s offspring,” she says. It sounds more like an order, a dictate, than anything else. “Just getting into the underworld would take breaking through a barrier the living aren’t meant to cross.”
A woman with a stroller gets in his way, making him leap sideways, and once she’s out of the way the car is in the flow of traffic.
Still, it sent a thrill of strangeness through her, to see her own boot-print in the dust from the last time she was here. In her mind, it was hundreds of years since. Here, in the human world, it was less than a decade. Either way, she looked damn good for her age.
“I’m fine.”
“Here,” he says. “Let me take a look.”
Hannah hasn’t moved from her spot in the middle of the deck, but she speaks with what sounds like confidence.
She snapped back to the scene in front of her as Dean waved and the demons bowed, rose and vanished, leaving the huge chamber almost empty.
“Just asking what Aidan does for a living,” he says. “Not another physics professor, I hope? Or math?”
When Dean pulls back, only a few seconds later, Castiel still feels the press and texture as a ghost memory. His fingers twitch and he has to stop himself from reaching out and pulling Dean back in.
And he ends the call before he can be told to stay away. He leaves Dean a note, claiming it’s about the case. Sam has to think of what everyone most needs, here, and Dean needs to not get worked up anymore than he already is.
“Why are you sorry?”
Castiel doesn’t ask why she keeps them here. He knows he’s passed out more than once, and it isn’t a conversation he wants to have in front of Sam. Instead, he waits as Beth pulls a set of clothes out of a drawer and accepts them from her with a small smile. At least, he thinks it comes out as a smile.
Cas is a warm bundle against Dean, his back pressed along Dean’s front in a way that’s doing nothing to make Dean want to get up. From the light falling through the windows, it’s dawn already and Sam at least will be up. Dean doesn’t know where his brother spent the night, but with a case to solve and Sam’s usual energy levels, Dean is sure lying around in bed for hours isn’t an option.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and he smiles, the one which means he doesn’t really find something gut-level funny. “We’ll just get the whole town to form a posse. That’ll fool it.”
“Right,” he says, trying to work out where to get back to the script. “So, er, any leads?”
It seems an odd suggestion to Castiel. Before he can ask what good that would do, footsteps announce someone’s coming, and he finds he can focus enough to make out a familiar tread.
Okay, one more. But I'm up to date with what I've written now, so back to normal posting after this.
Two blocks away from his room he finds himself standing against the wall of a building, his back to the brick, the busy swirl of Charlottesville pushing at him. There are so many people. Where he lived before, when he worked for Nora and worked to hide that he was sleeping in the store-room, there weren’t so many people. The energy drains him, makes him hazy. There is too much, too much of everything, and not enough of him. He doesn’t want to be a fixed point, but he doesn’t want to be buffeted by the myriad presences of others.
“Yes. I need to get out of here.”
He feels the cloying give as they make it through the barrier between realms and the demigod ripples, twisting and reforming. It doesn’t throw Castiel off course, but a wave of sparking blue washes through him. Happiness. Relief. It’s glad to be home, this partway creature who never meant to wander into the human world.
Val drops onto the couch and pulls Cas’ blanket over her knees, hugging a corner of it. Beth curls up next to her with her back against the arm-rest and her arms around her knees, and watches her friend process whatever it is that’s going on in her head. She’s a protector, is Val, and it hurts her when she can’t keep her people safe. Beth knows that look on her friend’s face, a look she hated seeing there when she was the cause.
Ashley stares at her, his features almost blank. There’s no recognition there, as far as she can see.
Castiel waits for her to reach the end of her thought.
“Not like this,” he goes for. That’s true enough. The time Cas was out cold for ages, it was when he’d just taken on Sam’s pain, and as far as Sam knows that hasn’t happened here. Besides, there was no fit that time and he didn’t pass out right away. Sam remembers the blank eyed look all too well.
She stares at him, and it occurs to him he may have said something wrong.
“I have access to my angelic form again, but I’m not fully healed. I think it just reset the connections.” Which is something Sam will need to ask about later. “My wings are still ruined, and my body still hurts.”
“I think Hannah’s been looking forward to it,” Steve says. “She misses it. The singing. I guess, we both do.”
“What’s wrong with him?” Dean asks. “How badly is he hurt?”
Dean protests at being told to get in the passenger side, and only moves when Sam tells him to get in the back with Cas, to keep an eye on him. With Cas curled up along the back seat, his head resting on Dean, Sam throws one last look at the warehouse. It’s quiet. There’s no sign at all that anything otherworldly is in there. Was in there. No telling where it is now.
It was a long drive.
He doesn’t ask the day. It must be less than a week since that walk, or Dean would have phrased it differently. His connection to time is something he knows he should fight to turn back on, but ignoring it is…comforting. In a way. A protection. Besides, Dean is often amused when Castiel takes a statement literally. He hasn’t the heart to tell Dean that, for years now, it’s mostly been done for that reason.
Because Cas is coming back. He’s said so. He just hasn’t said when.
“Call us,” Dean says. “Tell us he lost it. We could of high-tailed it here. Brought him a new one.”
“He take his wallet? Cards?”
The word’s dragged up, distant. Dean isn’t sure he’s in the room with them.
“How do we get it to go back?” Sam asks, speaking for the first time. He sounds more respectful than Dean, but there’s a sense he’s speaking more to a colleague than to a god.
Sam defends the dressing, insisting Eileen loves it and arguing it tastes a lot better than half of what Dean eats.
“I’m pleased for me, too,” he said. “Just so you know.”
Moments later, a red glow seeped down the side of the lamp, outlining a symbol Dean didn’t know. Cas, however, sat forward with recognition on his face.
“I suppose,” Castiel says, and quells the comments he’d been going to make about Dean not meaning it the times he has hurt Castiel.
“You okay back there?” he asks, and sees Cas hardly seem to register the question before he’s saying he’s fine. Dean feels a sudden burst of frustration. “Look, Cas, you get you don’t have to be fine, right?”
He says it knowing Dean’s far more likely to work on his own issues if it means helping someone else, as long as that person is in Dean’s little box of people who need help from him. And Dean can be caught in the right frame of mind for it.
“Yeah. No. I…I know,” Val says. She blinks and somehow manages to avoid Beth’s eyes even more. “But I did end up needing rescuing from a monster.”
Beth looks at him with equal parts disappointment and sympathy, and Dean wonders if she gets it, really, how hard he’s finding it to change the way he approaches Cas, the way he approaches even thinking about Cas.
At that, Dean shares a look with Sam, who shrugs. It sure seems like Cas gets headaches and so on, like a human would, but maybe that isn’t anything to do with where the mind is. Or what the mind is. Dean’s sure the mind is synapses and energy and perhaps that isn’t so different to what Cas is, with all his talk of celestial intent and quantum mechanics. Or maybe it is.
Silence greets her.
“If it’s important we fix this part of your home, then we’ll find what’s needed,” she says. “Tell me where to go to collect them.”
“Still,” Gertrude says, chopping her hand through the air in a way that dismisses Dean’s comment, “people can be easy enough to convince. And I’d love to have him work with me on more than one project. But where is he?”
Spattered in crimson, Hannah turned to the two demons crouched by Cas, and span one of her blades.
“Until I went to find Val, I wasn’t sure if I’d lost my wings again, and I’m still not sure how much is left of my Grace. This spell, it resets and realigns what it can. It’s the only thing we’ve found that might help. I have to try it, Dean. I can’t keep…keep fading.”
There’s a suspended moment where Val’s almost sure someone is going to get punched, and it might even be Sam, before Dean leaves his seat and strides out. The house rattles around the slamming of the door. In its wake, Val checks on Beth and…and Cas to find them both still. Cas is watching Sam out of the corner of his eye, but he looks like he isn’t sure if he wants to flit away.
“You take care of yourself,” she says. “And I’ll see you both in the morning.”
“Look, Dean, we will,” Sam says. Dean hears the sound of Sam’s footstep as he comes closer. “We know he ditched the Thunderbird, right? Picked up a red car? That’s a lead. I’m still searching for reports of a missing car, of any sales-”
And there’s the awkward Sam thought they’d avoided.
“The plan was to end them,” Sam said. “Not jump into bed with them.”
“True, as far as it goes,” Cas says. “I could take away your memories, or alter them, up to a point, but the rules always forbade it unless it was under direct orders. Not every class of angel could do that. Remember, Seraphs were second only to archangels, even though the difference in power was very great.”
“No,” he says again, limping to the bed and sinking onto it.
He’s sure it’s nothing Riva can help him with.
“We’ll look into it,” Dean says, and catches himself. He has the feeling he’s going to be doing that a lot from now on. “I mean, if you want…”
“He looks like he needs help,” she says. “I…I almost didn’t take the card. Thought he might need it, still.” She says that reluctantly. Dean can read the shame in her.
Beth introduced him to everyone when he arrived, but he’s already lost the names, so when a man with a trimmed beard and hazel eyes leans in, Castiel stares at him in bafflement.
“Cas?” she says, slipping off the other side of the bed.
“So,” Val tries, holding out her hands, “to Cas or not to Cas?”
Castiel flinches back, his wings twitching up around him.
Hannah is sitting almost completely still, her hands clasped together in her lap like she just wants them tidied away while they aren’t being used. Steve was never this quiet and awkwardly graceful in his own body, but she can see echoes.
“I’m trying, okay?” Dean says. “This shit’s harder than hunting demons. All the touchy feely tip-toeing around, not knowing if I’m saying the right thing.”
Cas’ jaw tenses and his eyes flash irritation.
“Yeah,” Sam says. “I think so. You decide what you want to watch, Cas?”
Dean let himself think, when Cas showed signs of staying, that some of the spaces in his life would be filled in. They were going to do Christmas this year, because with three of them it seemed more worth the effort.
“What do you want me to do instead?” he asks. Because it’s always about what someone else wants. Always about demands and orders and expectations.
“Cas is an angel,” Sam says, “and he’s a warrior.”
“Okay,” Cas says, after staring at Dean for a while.
**************************************
She sounds upset, too. He’s hurting them, these women who’ve taken him in, cared for him. It will only help them if he disconnects.
She also knows that, sometimes, being called on it is good. She hopes she’s going the right way with this one.
Dean opens his mouth to say, so what? Who cares? She’s a pain in his ass, is all she is. But Sam takes a breath and goes on.
Dean watched the demon at his feet, watched its smoke coiling and writhing inside its human host, and saw the complete lack of any bright spark of human soul.
“Since before humanity existed,” Cas says, as though it’s nothing.
It’s Sam who answers, sympathy in his voice, and she might hate him for it.
In the living room, Beth looks around and finds no Cas. The striped blanket he’s taken to wearing almost like a cloak is draped over the back of the couch, but Cas himself isn’t there.
Dean laughs. It’s painful.
“Not now, Bela,” Hannah said, and Bela fell silent.
It’s harder to tamp it down than he’s happy with, though.
His own throat closes over the rest of the sentence, drowning it, and Dean brings his other hand up to Castiel’s face. In the absence of Dean’s hand in his, Castiel finds himself reaching out and taking hold of Dean’s jacket. The material bunches in the cage of Castiel’s fingers. Dean doesn’t seem to notice.
Fuck. He’s got wings. Wings and light and a silver blade that’s surely not of this world.
“And the risks of anything that bad are low. Right?” Dean asks, but there’s a slight shakiness that says he isn’t certain Cas has an accurate grip of acceptable risk. “So, the spell’s going ahead and then we’ll assess if there’s anything else we can do. We think, maybe, the attack by that creature caused some of the issues, so we’ll need to deal with that, still.”
His total lack of response leads her to sit down almost on his feet, missing more by luck than by aim, and frown back at him.
“There’s something,” he says. “I can’t lock on to it.”
“You and Hannah, huh?” he asked. “How’d that happen?”
Dean catches Sam’s eye and raises an eyebrow, the smile slowly fading at whatever he can see on Sam’s face. Before Sam can decide how to play it, Dean swallows and wipes his mouth, sets the plate he’s holding on the coffee table and sits back on the settee with every sign of relaxation gone.
Hannah shrugged.
“Of course I…”
Cas doesn’t seem to notice.
“What’s wrong? What happened?”
Nora nods and considers holding out a hand, but Hannah isn’t even looking in her direction.
Sam has no idea which friends Dean’s talking about.
Dean follows her gaze to where Inanna is dancing in the space in the middle of the bar. With Beth.
He isn’t sure if she means his leaving wouldn’t help, or that the thought he might leave is making her sad. The idea someone could be upset at him going is new, and hard to grasp hold of.
Dean saw Sam look up briefly, but only to frown. Probably more bothered Bela and Dean weren’t focused on the task than wanting in on the gossip. But Dean couldn’t do anything but sit here, and Hannah was the one coating the manacles in that oil and muttering in a language Dean didn’t know.
Bela frowned up at the chains, her body stretched in an attempt to reach them. Even balanced on one of the sturdier boxes, it was a push.
“I bet you’re pretty good at chopping things down,” Val says.
Is he done with those? He imagines putting them on again. Unbidden, his wings pull in, shielding him.
“Very well,” he says.
He sees how quickly Dean pulls his hand away from Cas, sitting up and turning to face them.
“Something of Cas’,” Dean says, making it cutting. If Cas wants to tell them, he can, but Dean isn’t getting into it. “Something I didn’t know he’d lost. And trust me, Cas, if I knew you were without that I’d have camped out here. You can’t be taking risks like this. You get that, right?”
“Yeah,” he says. “Put him on.”
“What did you do that for?” he growls.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and he’s by Val’s side before anyone can react, practically vibrating. “Cas. Where’d you leave him?”
Dean’s sideways leaps in logic have always left Sam dancing for his footing. Confusion sparks anger, hot and dark.
“Man, she sees you as some kindred spirit, I swear it. Listen, I don’t want you to have gone through what they think you’ve gone through. I don’t. I can see why they think it, but I’m just… Anyway. But if you haven’t? I just hope Beth doesn’t feel lied to.”
A flash of heat and a shower of sparks told Dean something had worked, and Hannah pulled the first manacle from his wrist. A slight smile settled on her face.
“I want to,” Dean says.
“Why do you have to be of use?” she asks, after a pause where her fingers twitch for that bat.
She stood a few body-lengths from Castiel, just in case an angry angel could do her harm here, even bound, and watched as his head came up, eyes blazing. Literally blazing.
When the horn sounds again, he grimaces, ducking his head and trying to ignore the pulse of pain in his temples.
The bush they found Cas’ feathers under is a few minutes walk away, and by the time they reach it Dean’s almost used to having Cas’ hand in his. He is. He’s kind of drawn between wanting to pull Cas in closer and wanting to let go, but that’s probably something a lot of people feel when they’ve just come out to their brother, admitted loving their best friend and are walking around in public with a load of people who very recently thought he was an abusive asshole. No big deal.
“I’m aware,” Cas says. “But the angel?”
“Back off,” Riva says, and there’s no give there.
It warms her, just a little, that he doesn’t look surprised.
She doesn’t get any more out before Ashely turns and breaks into a walk that’s only a breath from running. Right. That’s not happening.
God knows, with Beth and Val in her life, Riva has to be the one to do that. Not like they can rely on Mom, with her drama and her expectations and her long, rambling stories about how Janey down the road is married with a kid on the way and when will Riva or Val do the same?
It’s enough he can see again. He doesn’t have to be greedy.
Sam paced around the motel room he’d booked, ignoring the way Hannah kept looking at him. She could tell him there was no point staying here all she wanted, but just in case it turned out this place was significant, Sam wasn’t turning tail and running right off.
Ignoring the man, Castiel helps the woman limp from the alley, pausing when they reach the street. His brow crinkles.
“What? Me leaving tabs up on your laptop?” Dean shifts his stance, the smirk he throws on not quite cutting it. “Least it’s not porn, Sammy.”
Val swallows. She swallows hard enough that Beth hears the sound of Val’s throat working.
When he reaches it, he stands and studies it, taking in the smooth lines, the green paint. He wishes it were any color other than green.
Nora thinks about Steve sometimes. It’s not like she sits and broods about him all the time. She’s busy, and she has a kid to care for, and a friend of only a few months isn’t the biggest loss she’s faced in her life.
“Yeah,” Dean says, dark heat bubbling up in his chest. “That’s why you blamed him for you getting hurt, threw him out when he needed you. That’s why you got him all twisted up and pulled his strings, had him help Crowley and Rowena cast that damned spell. That’s why you fucking left him with a witch who had enough power to cast a spell on him. You really think he’d have gone back to the angels if it wasn’t for that spell?”
Beth shrugs.
That seems to be as good as it’s getting, so Dean insists on taking point. Cas is far from at full strength. It just makes sense for Dean to go first.
“I’m wondering if we should take Cas with us,” Sam says. “He’s got people here. People who aren’t rushing off to kill vamps or worrying about the end of times, and maybe he needs that.”
He gets a grunt in reply. It’s enough.
“Cas,” Dean breathes. He closes his eyes briefly, the green in them dulled when he opens them again. “Cas, man, you gotta keep trying. Okay? Let us help you.”
She scrubs a hand over her face, her other arm still hugged around her knees. Her next words are practically muttered into her hand.
It was only because the realms were out of alignment that she had a chance of sneaking them in to Hell at all. Even with the boost offered by the ritual they’d perform at the Bunker, with materials she couldn’t find easily without the use of her wings, it was going to be a difficult and taxing transition. At least, if they wanted an escape route.
Cas frowns.
“I’ll cope,” Beth says, and pulls Val over that last half-inch until they’re mouths meet fully.
Val takes the chair near the bed, the one Sam pulled over before he looked at Beth and said something about not crowding Cas. She pulls the sleeves of her jumper down over her knuckles, leaving only the first joints of her fingers showing, and doesn’t quite look at either of the people on the bed.
Under the pad of Dean’s forefinger lies the sigil for Cas’ name.
Hannah’s lack of response told Dean she had no idea.
When he still gets no answer, he flips on the light-switch. Empty. The bed’s empty. The room’s empty. Of Cas, at any rate. All of his stuff is still there.
“Nah,” Sam says now, “I was thinking we could get out for a walk in a while, though. What do you think? Get some air.”
“What is it?” he asks.
“Okay. Well, I’m gonna head up and lie down again.”
And struck.
The dropped thread of Sam’s story isn’t picked back up, and after a passage of time Castiel doesn’t measure he finds Dean at the side of the bed, holding out Castiel’s coat. It’s black. Warm. Bulky. It’s like wearing a comforter, and he lets Dean fasten the coat, settling the collar, his hand twitching to a stop a few inches from the side of Castiel’s head. Perhaps he was intending on smoothing back Castiel’s hair. Castiel has seen that action, on the shows Dean lets him watch. Only a few hours a day.
This Val doesn’t know their history and she needs to back off.
It’s possible.
“Um. No. No, don’t,” Ashely says, even though he looks uncomfortable about saying it. “I, er, I know you. I don’t… I mean, the others…”
“Yeah. No. I’ll make something. You go find a crappy movie to watch or something.”
Sam frowns and pushes his hair back from his face, something Castiel has noticed he does when he’s thinking.
“Dean, you’ve been with Cas for, like, a day or two. Stop acting like you’ve been married for years.”
“Do you understand?” she asks, ducking her head to try and catch his eye.
(See the end of the chapter for
Val’s the first one to say it, and from the way she’s been glaring at the kitchen door Sam’s only surprised it’s taken this long.
He doesn’t have the energy to reject the false name. Besides, it’s not as though it’s the first time he’s changed names, and rarely at his own choosing. Not really. It isn’t the first time he’s accepted a name from a new friend. Still, perhaps he shouldn’t let her call him something so close to his real name.
“I don’t know what you’d think,” Cas says, and he looks up and round at Beth, his hollow cheeks and dark stubble making him a pitiful sight. “It might bring out aspects of my true form. I…I just don’t know.”
“Don’t bother,” Dean says. “You, Riva, can you wake him?”
Sam sighs.
That’s a Christmas thing, right? He thinks he remembers his mom making it, back at Christmas, and Lisa certainly thought it was hot chocolate season, even if he sometimes couldn’t see her behind the heap of cream she put on top. And Sam couldn’t protest at chocolate. It was practically a vegetable or something.
Sorry that he felt revulsion at something that must be revolting? Castiel can’t understand what Sam’s apologizing for. He understands even less when Sam takes his free hand.
They’re in a room with chairs and a settee, with biscuit colored drapes at the windows and shelves of books against one wall. Castiel isn’t sure when they got here.
No. No, Dean’s calming himself down, here, not winding himself up more. He needs to breathe and calm down and not stalk into that house and tear Cas a new one for daring-
“Of course she isn’t. That’s not the problem. I don’t like seeing her having to put up with that.”
Riva shakes her head.
******************************************
It’s only the night before he saw Dean’s face at the window, but unless he’s learned to levitate it must have been in Castiel’s mind. This one is harder to push aside. This Dean looks solid, is wearing his usual jacket and jeans, has hair which is just a bit longer than the last time Castiel saw him. This Dean looks worried and pinched. And real. So real.
“No?” Dean asked. “Well, now I gotta say, I doubt that. Because me? I kinda want to rend every single thing I see, soul or not, and I remember what it was like, down in The Pit. I remember the joy I felt each time I got to bite into a new soul. We’ve all been there. Right?”
She hasn’t seen Hannah for a while, but she’s fairly sure the woman is keeping a close eye on Tanya. Hannah was mortified when she took her attention from Tanya long enough that Tanya tried to make her own deck by banging one of her trucks against the coffee table. For some reason, Steve’s sister seems to think she has to make this up to Nora, even though that table has taken plenty of damage in the past.
“Home? In the state you’re in? Do you have anyone to look after you there?”
Dean’s smile only grew as he turned to face Castiel, and Bela found herself moving back as subtly as she could. She couldn’t afford to draw any ire here. Knowledgeable she was, and she’d achieved something previously unknown in slipping through angel Heaven, but she was far from powerful as a demon.
It’s full dark when he wakes.
He’s only had the one morning after experience before, and he isn’t sure if kissing and falling asleep on someone counts as his second. Besides, the situation with April hasn’t exactly left him with a good map for these things.
“Cas is missing, too.”
“We need to get her to Beth’s, or the hospital,” Sam says. “She’s hurt, Dean.”
As with some other times Beth has talked to him, Castiel gets the sense he’s benefiting from a host of advice and wisdom Beth has gained for herself. It would be churlish and unwise to reject it.
She chatters about many things on the way to Beth’s house, none of them heavy, none of them dangerous. She doesn’t mention his wounds again.
Val’s hand curls around Beth’s side, stroking along the skin on her hip, and it’s hard to care if everyone is waiting for them as the touch tingles.
Dean squeezes Castiel’s arm and lets go, stepping back.
“Hey,” Sam greets, sliding out of the car and pulling bags with him. “Rest’s in the trunk, if you want to make yourself useful.”
“Got a different room. It’s not quite as gross.”
“You going to come and eat?” Sam asks.
“You can still sit with me, though, right?”
“You better,” Dean says, at last, his voice a rasp. “I didn’t pull my head out of my ass so you could get yours trapped in another Purgatory.”
“I’m still finishing the lights.”
Hannah followed Bela’s gesture, tracing her own finger along the lines. She nodded, looking concerned.
The noise blurs, and Castiel lets himself slide, lets himself float. He feels his wings spread out beneath him and can’t quite think why that’s strange. He’s an angel. Of course he can feel his wings.
“Eyes?” Sam asks.
Cas pauses, and sighs, his shoulder under Beth’s hand slumping.
The thing with Cas is that it isn’t just his mental health that’s a worry. From what Sam knows, a Rit Zien turning up is a very real possibility. They still don’t know if every angel is back in Heaven, or which ones are still down on Earth, and they should have considered it themselves. It’s just another mark of how far Cas’ experience is from theirs. A Rit Zien is a tactical issue, not just an emotional one, and they already have one creature to sort out. If Cas is caught between being in pain and being drugged up, it’s already hard enough. Throwing in some duty to protect his friends, his family, from another angel is not going to be helping.
Dean’s body language was open, relaxed, and Sam joined him, standing shoulder to shoulder and gazing at the sky. He let the silence coat them for a while. They didn’t often get this, not when they were both in a mood to appreciate it.
As though Castiel’s main concern had ever been danger to himself.
It’s the longest she’s seen him go without checking out every corner of the room in ages. It’s like Beth’s found some code-word that’s switched him off.
“You high right now?” Dean asks, thoughts of naming Cas an angel fleeing at the force of the thought. It’s a demand. He knows it is.
As usual, Bela was struck by the depth of his voice, by the harmonics she was almost sure Dean and Sam didn’t notice. Side-effect of being a fully-spawned demon. There was a tang to being so near to an angel, something like having a live-wire running just under the skin. She’d know. The Pit was full of creativity.
“He’ll be fine,” Val says. “He jumped out his window and didn’t die. He’s tough.”
Castiel doesn’t know why Sam wants to tell him this. The pain of loss is clear in Sam’s mind, layering through his words as he speaks of Jess, as it always is no matter which story he tells. Castiel doesn’t understand why Sam wants to feel that.
Sam got him out. Cas fought off something and Sam got him out. Dean didn’t do anything but stumble after them. He doesn’t say that, but the thought burns acid in his brain.
“You keep saying ‘we’,” Beth says. “I thought Cas wanted everyone to leave.”
“What you said back there,” he said, glancing up at Bela as she handed Hannah yet another mix of some oil with herbs and a drop of her own blood. “About, er, about…” He stopped and tilted his head to the side and back, as though that meant anything.
Aidan’s quiet for a while, his brow pulled down into a frown and his eyes lowered. His lashes really are long. Actually, if she wasn’t so worried about him, and if Beth wasn’t sitting right on the other side of him personifying physical perfection, Val could spend a good bit of time admiring Aidan’s profile.
“Not your fault,” she says. “My reaction is my reaction. You get that, right? If you aren’t doing it on purpose and you haven’t ignored something I’ve let you know will upset me, then it isn’t your fault if I have a reaction.”
High.
He didn’t need Bela’s snicker to know how dodgy that sounded. Cas’ look of gratitude was enough that he just didn’t care.
“Yes,” Castiel says. “And no.”
Sam found Dean standing out in the field behind the Bunker, glass of whiskey in hand, his head tipped back to stare at the stars. There were a lot of them.
***************************************************
But Dean made that comment about not being straight, and slept right next to Cas, and surely he can’t have done that and failed to tell Cas how he feels. Not even Dean can have let Cas miss that. Right?
“Perhaps that’s a blessing,” Castiel says. “Nothing, I mean. Heaven isn’t exactly paradise.”
Okay. Maybe he’d learn a few new things about himself here, as well. Always good to grow as a person.
“Yeah,” Riva says. “We get that.”
Sam slides in behind the wheel and starts the car. Castiel keeps his human eyes on his own hands. He doesn’t want to know what is on Sam’s face.
****************************************************
With a growl, Dean turns and strips off his jacket, his tie, his shirt. He slams into the bathroom and is back minutes later dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, and Sam knows Dean’s had practice getting out of clothes fast, but that’s bordering on impressive. He’s only got as far as loosening his tie.
“Death isn’t a choice to rush into,” she says, her words calmer, brighter, than the roiling mass of reaction leaking through her skin. “I know it might feel, sometimes, like it’s the only way out, but it’s not. And you’ve already done something it took me years to do. You’ve left. Right? You have left him?”
She puts up a finger, as though that will be enough to stall him, and turns her head.
Riva makes a grab for the phone, but she’s still mostly asleep and she rolls too far, overbalancing and almost grabbing the floor instead.
Every so often, a buzzing static tries to interrupt the images. He flattens the lines of that signal to nothing and refuses to register the signature of the source. That can be harder to do some times than others. Still, he’s managed to prevent all but the odd scrap from getting through. Sometimes, he manages to forget who the words are from. Two someone’s.
Castiel nods, because he didn’t meet Cassie much but she always seemed sweet, and listens as Nora complains with a smile about hosting a party she didn’t intend to. They’re halfway done with the deck by the time the guest list has grown to thirty people, and Tanya is put down for another nap before Nora gets Hannah to help her set the barbecue up.
“I thought he lived with you?”
“Yeah. No.” He blinks and Riva pretends not to see tears in his eyes. “No, that’s about how he speaks to Cas sometimes. When he’s worried or scared.”
Dean’s hesitation leaves a space for Castiel to fill in. If Sam thinks indulging in the trimmings of this one version of a winter festival will heal Castiel, then he is perhaps growing frustrated with how slow Casitel is to be fixed.
Another light snaps on in an upstairs window, and Dean takes a step back. Not that they can see him out here, but there’s no sense in risking it. They already blame him for Cas, as far as he can make out. He wonders what Cas has told them.
“It’s here?” Dean asks. He flicks a glance back at Val and the others and sees fear and determination in the lines of their bodies. “You can see it?”
“Home sweet home,” Dean said, drawing Castiel’s attention from the symbols and down to a carved stone seat. “What do you think, Cas? You want one the same?”
“You said she was a thorny beauty, Man,” Dean said, and he hadn’t realised that memory was seared into his brain.
“What?” she asks.
He watches as Cas, Val hovering at his elbow, makes his way to the settee. No question, Cas is in pain. Dean’s seen him hurting before, but he normally heals himself up, and he’s always a little stiff, a little stilted. This is more than just being stilted.
Cas glances at Val and Sam doesn’t even need her to open her mouth. He’s about to be thrown out.
“Yeah. Well, he is, isn’t he?”
Who’s wide-eyed and staring, his gaze fixed on the agent.
Hannah shook her head.
It would change things, make them understand that Dean and Cas aren’t some normal human friendship. Or couple. Whatever. If they knew about Cas being a heavenly warrior, about all the crap his species has put him through, it’d force them to see that Dean isn’t the only one to blame, here.
Castiel pulls in, the vibrations in her tone ringing through his head, through his wounds. He just needs peace and quiet to pull himself together. That’s all. He must be able to heal, if he really puts his mind to it. Heal, and leave behind humans and their noise and their needs. Humanity fascinates him, but that doesn’t mean he wants to be so viscerally a part of it. He more than had his fill of that.
“Hey, Cas,” she says. “You doing all right? You healed up at all?”
“Okay.”
He almost tells her he has opened an eye, catching himself just before the statement slips free. Instead, he pries his human eyes open, wincing as they adjust to the light. They aren’t as sturdy as his real eyes, but they shade in details, colors, textures, which his true eyes don’t always see. They pick up the shapes of Riva’s face, the way she’s looking down at him with warm focus.
She shares a look with Val and follows him.
“Do you have a TV?” he asks.
Riva isn’t gone long, and she returns with Ashley stumbling behind her, his skin duller than it was. He has his hands hidden in the sleeves of his sweater and his eyes are tired. Even his hair, dark and textured, looks deflated.
A stabbing pain in his head pulsates purple and gold, color where he’s been without it for so long. It’s too much. Everything is too much.
Dean’s the other side of the table, apparently deep in research, but Sam sees the way his brother’s eyes drift up over the edge of the page. At least there’s a softness to Dean’s eyes, so whatever Dean and Cas talked about, or failed to talk about, last night, it didn’t end in a row.
Testing the bond, Castiel prepared to push himself from the throne. Dean was his heart, but Sam was family, too, and Castiel had lost enough family. He wasn’t losing Sam, not even for Dean.
“I don’t think he’s a good influence,” Hannah says. “I don’t think he helps Steve as much as Steve has helped him, and I think Steve should focus on helping his own.”
“Not to you. No.” Cas licks his lips, his gaze dropping. “I…I’m not entirely sure what it will do to me. I’d rather you not all…”
“Where’s your living room?” Bela asked, taking the seat across from him. “You don’t really sit in here or the kitchen the whole time, do you?”
“Remember, I can bring you back if you really need me to, but I do think you should give it a chance,” she says, as she signals and moves out into traffic.
Cas being in the hospital is bad because Cas is ill, of course it is, but that tiny little flame of hope that warms her whenever Beth sighs and says she’d better share her bed is something she’s come to treasure, and tonight she doesn’t have any excuse to go in there unless she admits to more of an interest than she’s ready to.
“Dean can stay,” Cas tells the table.
“You told Dean he’d forgotten his own recent past,” Sam says. “Other people we’ve spoken to say the same. Memory loss. I’m not saying it manifests the same way every time, but all five victims acted messed up in some way before disappearing completely.”
Sam knows Dean will never let Cas hear the end of that, once they’re all through this safely.
“Yeah,” Sam says, because Dean flaring up right now isn’t going to help, and they can smooth all of this over later, once Cas is awake. Because he is going to wake up. He has to. “Yeah, sure. Come on, Dean.”
His voice catches when he speaks again and he has to stop, has to cough. The words are thick when he goes on.
Bela tilted her head, her hair falling smoothly as she did so. Smooth was almost always a word Dean could apply to Bela.
When she makes it back to the living-room, she finds Beth sitting with her legs curled up, facing Aidan, who’s looking down at his hands. She gets the feeling something important has just been said, so she sets the tray down quietly and slides into the armchair off to the side. Given the way Beth doesn’t even look around, it’s a time to keep out of it.
“We shouldn’t disturb Cas,” Beth says, and sees Val pull in on herself. Beth rushes to reassure her. “We can talk in my room.”
“I remember waking up in a hospital,” Castiel says, but he can’t quite keep the doubt out of his voice. It’s all hazy. Indistinct. “I think I remember a…a creature of some kind. But I can’t recall seeing it. Just the feeling I had to stop it, that I had to stop it from hurting Val.”
She fishes in her pocket for her phone. It’s not there. Fuck.
“Cas?”
“Fine,” she says, but she glares at Sam until he leaves first.
He should go. That’s not a sentence which says he should stay here, slumped on the settee of a woman he doesn’t know anymore than she knows him, but he finds he’s reluctant to move. The will has gone from his limbs.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Yeah. He’s tough. He’s a tough little dude.”
“Leave it,” Sam says. He turns to Beth and Val, one after the other, pain on his face when he passes over Cas. “Look, this is a lot more complicated than you know. But we’re his family, and he’s better off with us. Just let us talk to him properly, and-”
“Cas?” Dean yells it this time, leaning back into the hallway and bellowing.
“Why?” she asks. “Why bring him back? I know what you’re kind are like. You rage coldly, claiming to embody morality as you slaughter.”
Beth shakes her head. From the way her lips are pressed together, from the way they’re twitching, Val’s pretty sure her friend’s close to crying. She’s certainly got a death grip on Cas’ hand.
“Yeah, I know. But you didn’t like the way we were doing it and I refused to listen. I took advantage of the way I’d seen you react to orders before. And I’m sorry for that.”
His money is almost gone. He has, perhaps, another three weeks in his room, unless he can find other funds. He imagines working at his old job in the state he’s in, and knows he would fail at doing an adequate job. It shouldn’t sting as much as his palm.
“Books. Er. On angelic lore. Load of symbols and myths and all sorts of crap, but some of it might help. With Cas. If you want.”
“You want me to keep a check on you? Pull you up if you do something wrong by Cas?”
“Of course. Why wouldn’t I?”
“No. You’ve obviously made your opinion clear,” Beth says, her chin up. “Riva? You stay here with Val. I’ll go get our friend here home.”
Not long after, she pats Jake on the shoulder and heads inside, only to find Steve following her. When she stops and turns, he offers her one of his smiles, barely there but so much more real than a lot of people can manage.
“If you say ‘sorry’-” Dean says, and presses his lips together. This time, he sighs through his nose, sharp and short. “Fuck, this is hard.”
“Dean,” he says, because that much he is sure of. Then, blinking, he pulls away from the lives lived in light before him and parses the sentence. “The same. Watching TV.” He wants to sink back into it, but makes himself flick the show to a standstill. It only helps a bit. “How’s the case?”
“It can make you feel like you’re floating,” Beth says. “So I’ve been told.” She shrugs, her arms wrapped around herself as though she’s cold. “Some…friends of mine said so.”
*******************
“You got any idea where to start?” she asks Sam.
Castiel tells himself it doesn’t matter. He walks slowly back to his room, holding the collar of his coat tightly closed.
His gaze travels from the door to the ceiling to the window as he says it, and Val can’t help but notice he’s pushed himself back on the bed so his shoulders are against the headboard.
He feels beached, cast up on the shores of humanity when he should be deep in the waves. It’s not a pleasant feeling. If he could just float again, could just slip back into the waters, even just the shallows…but for that he needs his powder.
“Um. No.”
“I miss you,” he says, without thinking.
“Sure,” she says, even as he looks away again, a quick turn of his head as though he thinks something’s there. “It’s not as nice as Beth’s place, but it’s not bad. And it’s closer to the campus, so we could meet up for lunch more easily.”
“I’m fine,” he manages. He has to clamp his mouth shut, jaw tense, to avoid the chattering noise inside him from flooding into the room.
“Cas isn’t well,” Sam says.
This time, Castiel can almost see the thoughts connecting in Sam’s head. He can’t quite bring himself to fill in the gaps without prompting, though.
“You have a point,” Cas says. “I don’t…think this will have that effect, but maybe I’m wrong. Perhaps I should do this somewhere away from town. There’s open space-”
“Of course,” Castiel says. His lips barely move to form the words and he’s aware the gap before speaking was too long.
“Loneliness,” he says. “It was more loneliness. Confusion.”
“No.” And that should have been a warning, perhaps, but it’s not unusual for a student to break out into party mode once they’ve been away from home long enough to realise their parents won’t be waiting up for them. “Look, it happens. He was keen, bright, and I’m sorry to hear he’s run off, but I can’t tell you anything more.”
It was dim outside, with a few stars littering the sky, and Dean stumbled over a rock he didn’t spot in time. Bela stopped him from falling, but she complained about it.
Steve clears his throat and throws a look at Hannah that speaks of words being had at some point, though he looks more exasperated than angry.
“No, I’ve got no idea how to fight a monster. Up until a few hours ago I didn’t know they existed. But you did. And I’m betting this isn’t the first time Cas has got beaten up as part of your fight. Is it?”
He slides the car into movement, but turns off as soon as he sees a motel, searching through what he remembers of his last few years for any hint he’s been here before, or that Sam and Dean have stayed here. He comes up blank. As far as he knows, this isn’t somewhere either Winchester has been. It’s perhaps too expensive for them, in any case.
Beth flushes, but she smiles. Riva rolls her eyes.
“Leave this to me,” Cas says, and it’s as close to an order as he’s tried for a while. It’s also on that ragged edge of pain where thinking has to be close to impossible.
The bag is still under the bed, still packed. After that first night, when Dean fell asleep leaning against Castiel, he pushed the bag deep under the bed and left it there. He didn’t give any thought to why it stayed packed.
Another attempt got Dean nowhere. Balanced on the balls of his feet to get any purchase at all, he just couldn’t make it work. Besides, Cas was adamant that the spells etched into the manacles would hold Dean until someone released him, and Sam didn’t even know where they were. Dean didn’t know where they were.
“If it’ll make Dean feel better,” he says.
Beth pulls even tighter in on herself. Val catches herself on the verge of saying more and forces herself to take a moment. Shoulders down, deep, steady breath. Don’t snap at Beth.
He can always ignore her message if he wants to.
“Pleasures of the flesh, eh?” Val asks as Dean gets his breath back. “Are you calling Venus?”
Hannah, less well versed in Dean, took a step forward, but Bella’s hand on her arm stopped her.
“Cas?”
She stops, the rest of the them drawing to a halt around her, and Dean frowns up at a building that looks like it’s only got that name out of courtesy.
“Saw?” Cas asks, turning his head back to Val.
“So, we have nothing. That’s what we’re saying,” Val says, barely pausing in her pacing up and down the living-room to accept a mug from Beth. “We went all the way over town and saw a hazy blob of nothing, got knocked down, and are no further on. Great. Just great.”
“I…As far as I can make out, this is meant to, um, to fix an angel who’s been in a vessel under stress. The details aren’t clear.” Cas swallows. “There’s a name attached to the spell.”
“I’ll go up and fill him in on what we have,” Sam says, looking at Dean from the archway. “And I’ll check on how he is. You got anything you want me to say to him?”
“Cas,” he tries, and doesn’t know what to say next.
“No problem,” Jake says. He grins and tilts his beer bottle over to the other side of the yard, where Steve and Cassie are talking. “Might have to go and remind Cass she’s supposed to talk to more of the guests.”
“Not a brother,” he says. “I think I get what you mean.”
She’d already been able to use her influence to settle a few debts from the past years, and she’d done it out in the open, with Dean’s full support.
“I…” he tries. From a few steps below, Sam looks up at him. It’s odd to be looked up to by Sam. It’s a long time since his friend looked small to him.
“Do you?”
The table falls silent when he corrects one of Val’s comments.
“What?” Dean asks, leaning in. He still can’t make out any words. “Is it Cas? What’s happened? What’s wrong with Cas?”
Hesitantly, she reaches out one hand and touches her index finger to Cas’ cheek. It’s hard to take in that she’s touching something heavenly. Nothing heavenly should look so lost.
“Yeah,” Val says. “And you just know it’s all that dick who hurt him’s fault. Bet he had a great life until he had to run from it.”
“Do you want some coffee?” Beth asks now, pulling Val away from her thoughts and back into the room. “I can make a fresh pot.”
He tries to taste the sensations streaming by him, through him, in those moments, to pull them up and examine them. Sometimes, he can sift through the tastes and the colors and the sounds of other creature’s responses until he sorts them into near-clarity. There’s nothing easy about this one, but it didn’t reek of anything deliberately harmful.
Before Castiel can answer, Sam ducks down, kneeling by Castiel’s chair with one hand hovering just over Castiel’s forearm.
“Fuck the case, Cas,” Val says, and now she uses the name she feels how right it is on him. “This is about what you need. You get you don’t have to call them? If you want, I can call. Tell them to back off and never darken our door again. Just say the word.”
Dean is on the verge of making some corny joke about Cas being all the sweetness he needs, but thankfully Cas holds up his phone before Dean can, and smiles.
“We can,” Hannah said, but the way she said it made it sound like she wasn’t on board.
“Know, yeah. I’m getting that.”
Dean snorts.
Castiel prepares to apologize, to turn and leave. But Val’s hand tightens on his arm.
During his travels, he’s noted all of the other gaps in the bunker, the absences. Charlie’s room, which only ever got as far as a new set of sheets in an otherwise almost untouched room, has just that bedding and a single poster on the wall to brighten it up. Kevin’s room is one he can barely stand to look in, but he knows it’s still got papers all over it, the detritus Kevin’s mom couldn’t stand to take and Sam couldn’t see any use in.
“That’s not an answer,” Dean says. “It sucks. And I hate that’s the crap you’ve got in your head. But it doesn’t answer my question. Has knowing us hurt you?”
“What makes sense?” Castiel asked, because Hannah had said nothing about any plan to put someone on the throne of Hell.
“I could have managed not to piss Cas off in less than a day!” Dean hisses. “What did I even do?”
“You’ve been staring at that screen for hours.”
He has to balance himself by flaring out his wings, because his body wants to tip sideways again. Dean doesn’t seem to notice.
Dean’s warmth seeps into the room before Castiel can reconnect with his surroundings enough to move from the bed, clapping Sam on the shoulder and flicking his gaze to Castiel. His eyebrows rise.
“I can leave,” he says without thinking.
“You looked to be having a good chat, there,” Val says.
Cas nods, but he doesn’t look much happier.
“Sam might be wrong. Or lying. Or just think it’s okay to hit your…well, whatever Cas is to Dean, as long as you really, really love him.” Val doesn’t even try to keep the derision out of her voice. “Come on. You’ve seen enough people try to justify what they do. You can’t just believe them over the victim-”
“Not if you won’t tell us,” Dean says. “For fuck’s sake, Cas. Just tell us what’s really going on with you! How bad is it? Are you sick?” A new thought hits Dean and he has to swallow against the burst of nausea. It’s not like Cas is great at naming his current threat-level. He might just not think it’s worth mentioning. “Are you…are you dying?”
Another short one. But it's the summer in...less than two days. Whoop! Once I've slept for, like, a week, I might get more done.
“Listen, Cas,” Sam says, sitting further forward in the chair, “We can help you. You know that. Just let us.”
Dean can’t stand the way Cas’ brow creases. The guy is permanently confused by and resigned to his own limitations, but he never seems to cut himself a break. He takes hold of Cas’ elbow and then, when Cas turns to face him and with quiet deliberation, he slides his hand down until his fingers brush against Cas’.
“Maybe we should give it a rest for now,” Sam says, before Castiel has to say anything. “I could go for some food and if we have no leads we might as well get some sleep tonight.”
He will text Dean later.
Cas closes his eyes.
“I’m not even sure which room it’s coming from,” Riva says, pulling apart the croissant she’s taken and crumbling it between her fingers. “Not sure which one of us needs to be more embarrassed.”
“What?” he asks, his voice hoarse.
“Cas! What are you saying?”
**********************************
“I don’t know,” Val says, at last. “But Cas didn’t seem scared of him. More…of letting him down? And even more of letting Dean down.”
“They’ll tell us what’s going on soon,” Val says from the next seat. “Riva’ll tell us if no-one else does.”
“Help him with getting over how I’ve abused him, you mean?” Dean says, and the smirk is gone now.
Hannah had her own blade out and Bela carried a gun as they joined Sam and Cas, Dean pacing behind them, the black eyes and red shirt making him look truly murderous.
The flickering light of the screen tints the darkness green and blue, and he lets his mind uncouple from what’s been made of his physical form. He sinks into the lives in front of him and allows his own to fall away.
Sam railed at that, arguing they should worry about that later. If Hannah could get them into Hell immediately, he said, then she should.
“Anything we can do to help with that?” Dean asks, and catches a look from Sam that seems approving. He manages not to challenge why Sam’s handing out mental brownie points just for Dean asking a question. “Can we jolt your memory or anything?”
“If you’re going to be here,” she says, the note of warning so clear that Val could cheer, “then you’re going to be civil. And you aren’t going near him.”
“We’ll each take a turn,” Castiel tells her, leaning in again so only Hannah can hear him. And Tanya, who reaches out to pat Castiel’s cheek from her place on Hannah’s hip. “Children need watching over.”
“Cas is family-”
He sounded shell-shocked.
“No,” he said. Grated, really. His throat must be wrecked.
Beth gestures at him and he sits.  Sam joins him, taking the seat next to Dean, just the way they did the first time they came in here, and Beth sits next to Val. Riva looks up from her place back at the table and frowns.
Why, yes I am proud of the cheesy, terrible line in the middle. You're welcome.
Shivering, he slides to the edge of the bed and reaches under it, grasping his bag. There’s powder stashed in it, enough for a few days if he’s careful. After that, with no money, he isn’t sure what he’ll do.
“No. Not at all.” She shifts on her seat and takes a moment to pull out her hair-band and retie it. She needs to feel more focused. “Let’s just worry about these books for now. Which chapter has the angel health stuff?”
Castiel didn’t want the role, Hannah could see. But Castiel hadn’t wanted to lead them when they gathered against Metatron. He hadn’t really wanted to search for the angels who refused to return home. She doubted very much he’d wanted much of what had happened to him over the past years.
“Exactly,” Val says, and sits back, folding her arms as though she’s made her point.
“You doing okay?” he asks Cas, more than once, and each time Cas nods, say’s he’s fine. Each time, Dean pretends to believe him. He manages not to snap or scold.
“Well,” Sam says, “if it was the first time, it can’t be the first sign that something’s off. Is it the spell? Did Rowena not cure it all?”
Val reaches up before she leaves, and presses a kiss to his cheek. Her hand rests on his shoulder.
“Not your fault,” she says. “I shouldn’t have assumed as much as I did.”
He feels a pang of guilt at the thought that if it’s been for hundreds, for thousands of years, it lets Sam and Dean off the hook, at least a little.
“Your sister felt love was real,” Cas says, as though he knows this for a fact.
He owes her this, at least. She’s been very kind to him.
“We’re stuck in hicksville, Kansas,” Bela said. “No idea where to get supplies round here, even if my old contacts do still exist.”
“Let’s just work on getting you out of these clothes, okay, Tiger?” Dean said, and Cas didn’t look at all put out by the tacky pet-name.
When Gertrude nods, Sam pulls out a notebook and pen and insists she goes over it in detail. They try to include Cas, but his lucid moment seems to be over, and after a while Dean persuades the angel to go and lie down. The rest of them aren’t given much time before they’re sent off in search of ingredients, and Beth finds herself in the car with Val on the way to some shop across town that sells a certain type of rock.
His gaze meets Dean’s and his brother frowns, clearly looking for Val.
He keeps it together all through interviewing witnesses, not even thrown by the weeping man who holds his husband’s leather satchel, the only thing not shredded by the monster they’re after, as though it might be some magic lamp that will grant him the wish of his love back. Dean holds it together as they track and kill the thing that destroyed the life of someone who’d only dared to ask his best friend to be his lover in the last couple of years, after far too long worrying the attraction was one sided. He even holds it together when they finish the case and pass on the news to the widower.
“Just because you’ve fallen into old patterns before is no reason to give into it,” she said. “You think it was easy for me, to change and grow after eons of being an obedient angel to Raphael?”
He registers the silence that falls after his statement, but he isn’t sure why the people around the table look varying levels of confused or pained. He doesn’t think he’s said anything to bring that sort of reaction. The next tablet continues the same topic and by the time Castiel has read them all he mostly has an appreciation for an angel trying to live among humans back before TV gave so many hours of material to work from.
He barely registers Riva leaving, and only jolts back to himself when someone clears their throat.
Sam reads about creatures that can fog minds and breeds of demon that can steal thoughts, but he doesn’t find anything to fit their particular bill. It gets harder to concentrate when Dean grows bored enough to leave the table and steal the last of the donuts, drawing Val into a conversation that contains actual laughter. Laughter.
Riva puts down her fork and rests her bowl on the arm of the chair. She takes a second before speaking, and Val gets the feeling her sister’s gathering herself.
The man, John, smiles in a way that suggests he doesn’t see Val’s tension.
An image of a chair, of being held down in a chair with white light all around, flashes through his mind. It wasn’t real. That chair was never real. Analogues and proxies, a shape crafted to last into his envesseled state. He tells himself that what was done to him there, in Naomi’s part of Heaven, wasn’t really being tied down in the sense these people mean it. He tells himself that.
“Um. It was unpleasant.”
Now, he has a clearer idea of the healing rest can bring. It’s been a relief, taking a break from trying to right all the wrongs he’s caused. It’s been a greater relief to start to think, just a little, perhaps they weren’t all caused by him.
And she’s out of the car before Dean or Sam can ask what any of that means. Sam thinks he knows, though. He’s done plenty of thinking over the last few days, and he can only hope Dean’s taken on board everything he’s been looking up, too. There’s a beat before Dean breaks the silence Val leaves behind her.
Cas stops with a stick of charcoal in his hand, having just finished a flourish on one sigil. He wouldn’t trust anyone else to write them. Something about them needing to be active.
“Do you think it was easy for Castiel, to change as much as he has? And he’s still trying, isn’t he? I saw it, when I traveled with him. You can’t know how hard it is for angels to do that, so if he can adapt, you can at least try.”
“Don’t know.”
Beth forces herself to pay attention. If something important is said, she should know about it. She is the one who met Cas first. In a way, she brought him into their lives. She has a hazy idea that makes her responsible for him.
“Let me see,” Sam says, and sits down.
“Yes, Dean,” he says, and abruptly loses all trace of what he might want to say.
“Because that’s what we always do?” Sam asks.
“His,” she said.
“Cas,” Sam says, and the relief is palpable, even from all the way across the room. “How are you doing?”
“He’s still pretty banged up,” Dean adds, dropping a hand to Cas’ thigh, just above the knee.
He looks away, his gaze catching on the patch of sunlight falling on the floor. Lying feels wrong. It’s not lying when it’s saying fine and everyone knows it’s just what you say, but when called on it, then it’s a lie to keep going. He thinks. These codes are confusing. He doesn’t want to lie to Riva, or to any of them.
“I mean ‘no’,” Cas says. He meets Dean’s eyes and it’s a shock, how they don’t blaze like trapped galaxies. It’s like someone pulled a fog over the evening sky. “You’re wrong.”
Cas looks up at Dean again, narrows his eyes, presses his lips together.
“No, I’m just—” Dean starts, but Claire cuts him off.
“One of us must have said it at some point.”
And then it hits him: He does know that flag. Charlie, real Charlie, showed it to him once. It’s one of the gender ones, right? She’d quizzed him on them. She always pushed him on the gay stuff—learning the right terms, the pronouns, the flags. He’d resented it a little at the time, insisted not much of it would ever apply to him, but now—well. She knew what she was doing, he guesses.
“Doin’ great, Doc,” says Dean. “No more bullet in me, so I’m feeling pretty good.”
“Executive Director,” Nick says, holding out a hand to Dean. “Pleased.”
last name at once can look a little suspicious.”
“I suppose that’s true. But I made a choice.”
Dean feels like Cas just punched him in the stomach. He hadn’t even stopped to think carefully about what to say in front of Cas. He doesn’t know how Cas labels himself, if he does at all. Can an angel be gay? But he’s not even an angel anymore. Has Cas had sex with a man? Probably not, right? He’s barely had sex with a woman. Dean doesn’t want to think about this. He rushes to catch up to Cas.
“Solidly middle-aged,” Ren amends, and they clink their bottles together. “But I’m sure Cas isn’t the one calling you old. You guys have kids?”
Mornin', Cas. Lookin' good.
“I see,” he says. “I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t think about the consequences for my ravenous appetite. I will… be less hungry.”
And then whatever other fucked up shit is going on inside Dean is overtaken by a wave of pride so severe it almost knocks him over as he stands and says, “Come here, man,” hauling Sam up into a massive hug. When he’s done squeezing Sam for all he’s worth, he snatches Eileen up too, but she seems prepared and almost beats him to the swaying embrace. “Fuckin’—congrats, you two.”
Cas shakes his head.
As Cas and Eileen head into the kitchen, Sam turns toward Dean.
“Holy shit, dude,” says Dean, pulling Cas aside right at the entrance. “This is a gay bar.”
As Claire talks about Jody, about Kaia, about Alex’s nursing career, Dean sees the way Cas is looking at her, so tender and interested. As much strife as it’s caused them in the past, Dean can’t help but be impressed and amazed by how much Cas cares for this girl. It’s like it’s encoded into him, Jimmy’s abandoned genetics be damned. He adores watching Cas play dad to this tortured little jerk. As much as he never wants to admit it, he loves her too; of course he does. Sure, she’s infuriating—sure, when Dean looks at her, he suddenly sympathizes with every person he’s ever been an asshole to. But she tries so hard, and she wants so much. And then, of course, he starts thinking about Jack again.
“We know each other, Dean.” Sam is still, calm, standing his ground. “Look, I know all of that, and I appreciate it. But you really think I spent, like, every waking moment of the past sixteen years with you and still don’t know you?”
Cas narrows his eyes.
(slightly irritated)
“Mm,” says Cas, cradling his paper cup in both hands, a little hunched over. “Campers.”
“Claire!” says Cas, and he nudges past Dean to hug her. “It’s so good to see you. What are you doing here?”
“Well… Well, yeah,” Dean says, confounded. “You’ve never dated anyone else. Besides Meg I guess. And she was really more of a fling for you. Plus not very affectionate.”
“What did he say?” Dean says, moving in closer. “What did you say?” His shoulder brushes against Cas’s.
“Oh, we can find you an office job,” Sam says, ignoring literally all of what’s happening in front of him. “No problem. I’ll do a little research and send some leads your way, and you can pick out what you like best. Sound good?”
Tom gives him a look he can’t quite parse—maybe
,” Dean says, approximately the tenth time that day, and his voice cracks as he says it.
Cas steps forward rapidly and, in a panic, places his hand over Dean's mouth. They both just stand there staring at each other for a second. Then Dean licks Cas's hand. Cas pulls away like he touched a hot stove.
“Yes.” Cas raises an eyebrow.
Eye contact. Castiel knows right then that he'll do it. Dean knows too.
“I’m just saying,” says Dean, “just saying I’m glad that you—it seems like a really, uh, welcoming environment.”
“I don’t see how it was relevant before,” Cas says, befuddled. “We’ve never spoken about Johnny Cash previously.”
“Please what?”
“That I do,” he says. “Inherited it from my uncle about forty years ago. And I don’t plan to retire any time soon. I spend most of my time back in the office now, so it’s always good to have a few more men on hand. I’m too old for the bending and the grabbing but not too old to keep an eye on things.”
Before he can stop himself, Dean adds, “God, a couple months ago I couldn’t
“I just don’t want to push you too hard,” Cas says. “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
Dean laughs. “I’m thinking of getting a job myself,” he says, “so let’s see where we’re at in a couple weeks.”
or both. “That’s not what’s going on.”
“Ew,” says Claire. “Gross.”
Just behind the eyes, Sam appears to pass through all the stages of grief simultaneously, which isn’t Dean’s problem. Sam can think what he wants. Dean, meanwhile, is gripped with an instant and fanatical urge to get his shit together for Cas. Not necessarily to marry him; he doesn’t know if he there’s yet. But he wants to be better, which is a realization he’s been having more and more often.
Cas frowns, looking very solemn.
“You aren’t going out like this,” Cas says. “This isn’t what you want. You don’t want this.” A silence. The sound in Dean’s ears of his lungs struggling to breathe. “This can’t be it.” Dean hears what he’s not saying: Without you, I have nowhere to go.
“Thank you,” Cas says, elbowing Dean very subtly. “Dean required me to watch the entire original series in preparation.”
he reminds himself.
“Look. After everything that happened between us, I know I don’t deserve to talk to you. I don’t even deserve to say your name. But damn if I don’t miss you, man. I miss you. So much. I
“That’s all,” says Cas. He pushes himself to a sitting position very, very slowly, blinking hard all the while.
“Hm,” says Cas. He presses his lips together. “It might take some getting used to. But it’s not terrible.”
All the way over to Sam’s, he white-knuckles the steering wheel, doing his best to keep his mind empty. A few thoughts break through: He doesn’t want to be mad at Cas. There’s no reason to be mad at Cas. Besides, he had a good first day at work. He shouldn’t be feeling like this. Or at least he shouldn’t be acting like this. But he can’t help it. The fucking paint samples. He doesn’t know what hit him.
“Well,” Dean says, selecting his words carefully, “I don’t think we’re gonna get to normal.”
“I don’t mind it,” Cas says, his mouth totally full. “Thank you Sam.”
Sam shakes his head, but doesn’t argue anymore.
“It’s definitely cocaine,” Dean says. “They go hard in Oklahoma.”
He gestures towards Sam’s car with the beer hand.
I love you.
“When I first decided to fall, I was worried—I was worried that you would stop caring again when you knew that I’d forgiven you. Or that you had ulterior motives for praying to me, that you needed something. If the last few years are any indication, you only ever seem to need me when you need something from me.”
“I know,” says Dean, and he closes his eyes for a second. “I know it is.”
Cas wraps his arms around Dean, rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, and they sit there like that for a while, still and silent. Eventually, Dean pulls away, clears his throat.
“Making friends?” Dean can hear the shit-eating grin on Sam’s face. He grips the phone a little tighter.
“Oh,” says Dean. His whole body relaxes. That’s nothing. “You probably just need glasses then.”
After a moment of quiet, Cas says, “Chill out, dickwad.” He laughs, mostly to himself.
Kara is too afraid to speak. She stares over Sam's shoulder.
“Goodnight, Dean,” he says, exactly the same way he said it at Sam’s a couple nights ago.
“Exactly,” Sam says firmly. “I’m still me. My name doesn’t change that. How many names have we used over the years?”
“Yeah, yeah,” he says, waving his free hand vaguely, “but it’s his whole thing now. Gives him something normal to worry about. If he can’t eat vegetables to feel morally superior, what’s the point, you know?”
“Okay, I get it, okay.”
“Want some?” says Dean.
“Adorable,” says Cas, and he makes a big show of rolling his eyes as he brings a flat hand up to his mouth and back down. “Thank you, Eileen.”
“I’m all right,” he says, totally dodging the question. “I’m getting used to it.”
because I’m ill.”
Dean can’t decide if that makes him feel better or worse. He decides
He hasn’t been thinking about it like that: a relationship. Cas is right, obviously. They’re spending every waking hour together, going on what might be considered dates, kissing, now having sex more than once. It had rarely occurred to Dean before this that you
“Sensible,” says Cas. He looks towards the door.
“Hot?” says Cas. “Twink?” Dean can’t tell if he’s unfamiliar with the terminology or just disturbed by its application here.
“They—uh, they don’t kiss,” is all Dean can bring himself to say, “in the movie.”
He stares at his reflection for a moment. Then he sighs, closes his eyes. Screws them tightly shut. Nothing happens for a second. Then: ANGELIC RINGING. He grabs his own head, obviously uncomfortable. The RINGING gets a little louder. Then it stops.
Technically true. Mostly. Maybe he can’t lie anymore. Good to know.
He takes a shower, shaves, gets dressed, makes coffee, sits down to do some research. Cas is still asleep. Dean thinks about waking up him but doesn’t want to face him.
in a manner somehow both cheerful and deadpan in the way only Cas can muster.
“Glad you came, Sammy,” Dean says. “Sorry you had to.”
A few hours later it’s pitch black in the woods and they’re crunching around in the leaves with flashlights. They’ve barely spoken. This is how it fucking ends, Dean thinks. Not with a bang.
“Like kicking me out of the bunker? Multiple times?”
“She’s gonna kill me,” says the one holding the gun. “She’s gonna kill me, she’s gonna eat me.”
Cas plods over, grabs one burrito, and takes it back to his bed. His eyes return to the TV.
“Yes, but it’s attractive when you do it.”
“I mean… all right,” he says suspiciously.
“I like having you fuck me, all right?” He grab’s Cas’s face, looks him directly in the eyes, which are dilating just as Dean stares into them. “It makes sense and it feels good. Really good. And until further notice, I want to keep doing it, okay? Is that what you want to hear?”
She shakes her head. Her face crumples.
Dean is driving, Sam in the passenger seat. Awkward silence, which Dean eventually interrupts.
“Yeah,” says Dean, trying to mean it. “Yeah, okay.”
“Hence why you’d be texting him,” Dean says.
“Not until the wedding,” Eileen says, flexing her fingers. “Two rings is a lot.”
“And you—” starts Sam, but whatever he’s going to say, he thinks better of it. “I think this could be good for you, if you let it.”
also like cowboys.
“Yes. I see.” Cas grabs Dean’s face gently, stopping him in his ministrations. He looks Dean directly in the eyes, straight down to the soul. Dean really does wonder sometimes if Cas can still see it. If he can at least remember what it’s like. If that’s why he looks at Dean the way that he does: all-consuming, all-consumed. “You are so sweet.”
After a few moments of playful swaying, Dean tries to spin him, feeling a little smug when he executes it perfectly and Cas turns around looking shocked and delighted. He doesn’t even think about it—he pulls Cas into a tight hug and says, “I’m glad you’re back.”
“Whiskey,” Dean says, less of a suggestion, more of a statement.
Cas just nods. Dean pets his hair, repeats more firmly, “Okay?”
Okay. And you told him that?
He probably shouldn’t leave Cas in there alone, but whatever, Cas knows these folks, he can deal with it. Dean needs a second, needs to be as far away as physically possible from Gregory and his stupid laugh.
You come with me, okay? We'll get everything sorted.
“Okay, all right,” he says to the whole hollering room—even Bridget, who has seemingly given up on all pretenses of professionalism to laugh hysterically. He throws his arm back around Cas’s shoulders. “I think that’s our cue.”
“You’re being paranoid,” says Sam. “Come on. It isn’t like that, man. But if it was—would you blame me?” He pauses, swallows, like he has to get up the nerve to say what’s next. “You had to retire, Dean. Hunting isn’t good for you.”
Dean turns to Castiel. Totally stone-faced. No emotion, no reservation.
Dean gives him a quick nod and salute, then turns back to Cas.
They stay like that for a few minutes, pressed together, Cas moving his hands down to place them loosely around Dean’s waist, Dean’s arms slung around Cas’s neck. Then Cas clears his throat and pulls away.
It just feels weird not fighting back. Letting go. Letting go of Sam and trusting—begging in silence—that he’ll still be there when Dean looks up.
“That’s awesome,” he says, “that’s so awesome, Cas, I’m so proud of you. Jesus, what did you say to them?”
“I’d think you’d be amenable to it, given your interest in science fiction and fantasy,” Cas says, and Dean opens his mouth to protest that he’s not
“Downsizing,” Cas says gravely. “You know, Chuck was gone for so long that for most of my existence, angels were responsible for the entirety of Heaven’s management and maintenance. Now that Jack is in charge, he handles most of it himself.”
“No you don’t. You just think you do.”
“Oh, babe,” says Dean, mostly kidding but kind of not. “It’s preferable.”
Dean pulls at his collar. Not the first time he’s dealt with something like this, sure, but now that he’s out of the game—now that he has a rest of his life to look forward to—he’s not too keen on the idea of getting a life sentence. He’d briefly considered going by the Campbell name when he first moved into the old house; obviously the idea didn’t stick (see: his whole fuckin’ thing about Sam’s wedding), but this is the first time he’s regretted it.
“Oh, he’s with me,” Dean says, turning to point one finger at Cas. “Whether he likes it or not now.”
“Yeah,” says Dean, trying to read Cas’s expression. There’s nothing. Totally inscrutable. He gives up. “Okay. Let’s get going.”
“Hey,” Dean says again, and he pulls Cas close, feels the warmth of him radiating. “Look. I’m not ashamed of you. Maybe—maybe I used to be, yeah. But that fuckin’ sucked, and I’m over it. And honestly I was never ashamed of you, I was just ashamed of me. Now I’m gonna shout it from the rooftops, all right? Just gotta have something to shout.”
“Dean, this is Gregory.”
Cas stares at him in confusion.
Overwhelmed by yet another feeling he can’t seem to define, Dean sits up to take off his jacket. He gives a quick nod to Cas, who also sits up, first on his elbows and then on his palms, so Dean can take off his unbuttoned flannel. Dean intends to remove it expeditiously but finds himself sliding it down Cas’s shoulders slowly; he’s distracted as his hands pass over the skin on Cas’s arms. When the shirt hits his wrists, Cas lifts one hand, then the other, to shake it off. Dean tosses it to the side. They look into each other’s eyes for a long moment.
When we get back to the bunker. I need you to wipe my memory. If I remember this, it'll drive me insane.
Dean bites the inside of his mouth again.
“And I don’t want you in on the network,” Sam continues, “because I know you’re not gonna be content with that. You’re gonna wanna be back in the fray. And I get that, man—I really do. I’m just not gonna let you put yourself in danger. Like, I’m all about you maintaining relationships with other hunters—friends are great! But you also need other friends. Hunters aren’t your people just because they’re hunters. Just like how Dad wasn’t always our people, you know, just because he was blood.”
Feeling something.
After Castiel is gone, CLOSE ON THE PENNY.
