The door to 221b is open.
Sherlock freezes a moment, then pulls off his coat and hangs it on a hook. "That sounds ominous."
John nods into his pillow. "That's what I thought. But that night..." On the edge of his awareness, he feels something skittering along beneath his skin, buzzing in his ears, disrupting the hushed peace of dawn. Mary's smile slides from her face.
"What was it?"
John nods.
John laughs a little. "It's not, no," he says, reassuring. "It's not bad. It's just -- " John takes a breath, lets it out. "I need to apologize."
Mary returns his gaze, steady and unblinking. "You were jealous."
"It matters to me. It will matter to Rosie. John, it won't hurt you to talk to someone."
Mary drums her fingers on the coverlet. "And?"
. I knew it! I knew -- " He stops to point an accusing finger at Sherlock. "The both of you. This whole time, I
"Christ," he says, feeling shaky with relief. He walks over to Sherlock's chair and stands in front of him. "Come here."
"Eurus," Mary supplies.
"Is that right?" says John, mussing her hair. "I'll have to see about giving you shooting lessons, then."
a therapist."
He squeezes his eyes shut. After a moment, John feels the pressure and warmth of Sherlock sitting next to him. Sherlock's voice comes as a low, soft rumble.
"What, John?"
"I asked Molly to watch her," John replies, feeling awkward. "I need to talk to you. Alone."
"And you sent them to her? God. Eurus Holmes has dick pics of my husband." Mary looks both impressed and moderately disgusted.
"Yes."
John stiffens. "Yeah, I guess." He clears his throat. "How's that case going, by the way? The one with the ear."
"We never meant to exclude you, John."
"Tabbouleh," he repeats incredulously as he rubs it away. "How do you do it? I can never get her to eat anything but cheese and crackers."
"Maybe," says Mary, looking dubious.
John laughs shyly. "Not exactly. Referring to old texts... and pics."
"I know," he says. "I loved her too. I still do. I miss her all the time."
"No, hear me out, please. Just let me get this out, okay?"
John drums his fingers on the counter top. "Hardly matters, now."
"Mmm," replies Sherlock noncommittally, turning back to his tapping.
"Did we take it too far?" Mary asks, her voice tinged with concern. "Any regrets?"
John shrugs and blows on his tea. "Maybe that's for the best."
Sherlock shoots him a quizzical look. "You were at work, naturally. Rosie was just an infant, and Mary liked taking her out for some air. We went for walks in the park sometimes, then had lunch."
"Wait," he says. "Just – Please. There's just one more thing I have to get out."
well. You know?" Sherlock looks stricken. John coughs, and continues. "And then, that night, and -- We never talked about it, did we?"
"How can I help it if all the women I meet are always lying to me?" he asks pointedly. "It's not like I went looking for an affair with a psychotic murderer."
"It was what you wanted, wasn't it?"
"Well," says Mary, sounding fond. "It's not rocket science. And he is rather good at most things."
"No, no of course not," he agrees. "None of it was planned, right? These things just happen, I know. You got carried away." He sits up and swings his legs off the bed, rubbing at his neck. "That's the whole problem, though, isn't it?" he adds after a moment, looking back over his shoulder. Mary watches him warily. "I told myself it was nothing, and I tried to let it go, but it ate away at me, little by little." John turns away again and squeezes his eyes shut. "Not just that night," he continues, "but so many things. Every time you two got together without me, or teased me, or exchanged knowing looks." He opens his eyes and she is now in front of him, fully dressed, leaning against the wardrobe. Her brow is furrowed, trying to understand. John sighs. "To you, it was all in good fun, but it got under my skin. I'd go mad, convinced you two were fooling around behind my back. Or if not that, thinking about it. Wanting it." He looks up at her. "You were supposed to be mine, and he – he was supposed to be mine too, I thought, but there were parts of your relationship I couldn't control, couldn't even see, and it drove me 'round the bend. Even if it was all totally innocent. And then, that day on the bus..."
"Yeah, it was." John turns on his side to meet her eyes. "More than I could admit. You were always good at reading between the lines, weren't you? I think you knew that I'd wanted it, that I was curious." He takes a breath. "More than curious, really. I thought, how lucky am I? To have a wife who would give me this, without ever making me spell it out. You just knew what I wanted, and found a way to make it happen."
John nods, ashamed. "Well, then," he says. "Christ." He rubs his face. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. For all the years that I let my jealousy, and cowardice, and insecurity come in between us. I let my imagination run away with me, I saw all kinds of things that weren't there, that had no basis in reality. And it – it's a big part, I think, of why I went after you that day, in the morgue." John feels his throat close over that last word. They've hardly spoken of what happened that day -- the day John put his best friend in the hospital. But he can't back away from it now. He swallows hard. "I was angry," he says, "angry about a lot of things, but part of this was this rotten, nagging suspicion you and she..." He trails off. He looks at Sherlock again, who sits, listening, still as a statue. "That even before she died, you were stealing her away from me. And instead of saying anything about it, to either of you, I just let it eat away at me, until it was all I could see." He rubs at his eyes, damp. He coughs, and continues, a bit hoarse. "But I was wrong, all right? I see that now. I was an idiot, and it--it was cruel and disrespectful to you, and to Mary. And I'm sorry."
"We were studying geography," says Sherlock, stepping lightly down from his chair. "I thought it might be useful. Did you know Rosie intends to be a secret agent when she grows up?"
"John!" cries Mary. "Calm down, please."
"And we never did it again. Did you wonder about that?"
Sherlock stands, slowly, nervously, but John has enough confidence now for both of them. He pulls Sherlock into his arms, slides a hand into his hair, and gives him a sweet kiss. And another. John moves to deepen the kiss, but Sherlock stiffens and turns his head.
"What? Am I only allowed to date criminal masterminds and hired assassins, now? You let me know when there's an app for that. Or, on second thought, I could give your sister a call..."
John breathes a laugh. "Yeah, the second one. Ever since that night..." He trails off, considering. "Hell, maybe it does go back to the night she shot you. Or even before. Maybe since the beginning, since that first day you came back from the dead." He shakes his head at himself, laughs silently. "A part of me always felt like you – like you and Mary. Like you understood each other in a way I never could. Like maybe if she'd met you first -- " John shuts his mouth tight. He chances another look at Sherlock, who is still perched on the edge of his chair, his eyes wide and clear. "God knows," John says, "it's not the only time I've felt like someone's second choice, standing next to you. But it never bothered me before. Then Mary came, and for the most part I was glad, really glad that the two of you got on, that I didn't have to choose. But there was always this little, awful, stupid, neanderthal part of me that thought, maybe they get along
"That was quite a night," Mary says softly. She's lying next to him this time. He can almost feel her breath on his skin.
Sherlock swallows. "I... I understood that some aspect of what we did bothered you. It seemed better to let it lie."
John busies himself heating up the water. "There's lots of ways of coping with grief," he says at last. "It's not – it's not wrong to keep the memory of someone you loved alive."
"Good at it."
"John..."
John is in bed, trying to finish a novel he's been reading for months. He's on page 26.
"You sly dog," says Mary, now stretched out next to him, her head propped on one hand. "You were texting with her in the shower, then?"
Sherlock sits back on his heels. "A date, John?"
"Mary, come on." John scratches his head, feeling a queer combination of embarrassment and pride. "That's what people do."
John straightens. "Yeah, thanks, I have a therapist for that. Come on, Rosie. Time to go."
John takes a deep breath. "Right," he says, lowering his eyes. He pokes at the tabbouleh with his fork, but can't bring himself to take a bite. "It's not, though, is it?" he says after a time, pushing back from the table. "It's not just lunch. It's -- It's --" He waves a hand. "It's all the little looks you two used to exchange. Your stupid jokes at my expense. And these secrets, and meet-ups, where'd you'd talk about me like a child you shared. Like you thought you were the one married to her. But you weren't, all right? Whatever little games you played, you didn't know her. Not really, not like I do." John presses his lips together. "Like I did," he corrects. "All right?"
John raises his hand to knock at the door of 221b, but it opens before he makes contact. Sherlock is standing in the doorway, shrugging on his coat.
"All right, so. I don't want to make that mistake again. To hide things, and keep them locked inside until they fester." John straightens up, standing at attention. "So here it is," he says, "all cards on the table." He takes a deep breath, lets it out. No time like the present. "I love you, Sherlock," he says, his voice steady and firm. "I've always loved you. Mary knew it, maybe before I did. I loved her too, but she's gone now, and-- I don't want to use my grief as an excuse not to pursue this. If you feel the same way, that is. Do you?"
Molly is leaning against the back of the couch watching the door when they come in. She is dressed in only a loose silk dressing robe and her hair is up in a high, messy bun. She looks worried.
Another heartbeat and the chaos renews. Too quickly, too easily, the Umaiyyati separate them. Steel thumps into wood. He sees Anatole’s face in the crowd now, too, and Lucien’s even farther away.
And he sees a darkness that mars Moriarty's soul.
It is rote, a rhythm, a soldier’s discipline, and an anchor for John’s sanity on difficult days. Yet even a Cassiline’s discipline has its limits.
John takes it from him and reads the paper.
“John Watson.”
“Sherlock –“
John lets Sherlock lead him around the dance floor towards the end of the night, his guard relaxed by wine, friends, and Sherlock’s smile. Sybille will be all right, and John is starting to believe that he and Sherlock will be as well. For the first time since they rode through the night to the Somerville estates, John feels capable of defending this life they have made. Of being there at the end of Sherlock’s path. Sherlock laughs at something John says, and he focuses on remembering this moment as a buffer against the inevitable trouble that is coming. A festive ballroom, abounding joy, and Sherlock’s beautiful laugh. A life worth fighting for against a thousand Moriarties.
It seems that the first whispers of war were a lifetime ago. The Terre D'Ange first sighted by invading ships surely existed in another world. How little they knew then of what was to come. How ignorant they were of the price they would all pay. From the lowest house in the realm to the highest – none had been truly safe. None had gone untouched by grief in the end.
“Sherlock?”
He feels John’s hand on his shoulder and looks up from his work. John smiles sleepily at him in response, but he looks more rested than he has been in weeks. Sherlock doesn’t know what has been worrying him – John insists there is nothing wrong at all – but he is glad to see that it seems to be getting better. As John reaches to pull out a chair at the table, Sherlock catches a glimpse of a thin pink line running up his forearm, just to the side of the vein. Sherlock knows it follows the vein up to the inside of his elbow where it curls delicately into sensitive skin. Memories of John screaming as he made it two nights ago flash into his mind and make him flush with desire.
“Yes, please.” She motions them to the couch, and when she turns to walk around it John sees that her robe is cut low in the back, exposing her new ink.
~ ~ ~
“I don’t know if bother is the completely right word,” she says with a smirk, “but yes. And thank you. I had a very generous patron and my marquist had an opening today. I’ll be fine tomorrow. What is it that is so urgent?”
He turns and walks away as calmly as he can. Sebastian calls for him, his name filled with anguish and loss, but he can’t turn around. If he turns around he will stay and live forever in the shadow of a love that cannot exist, the peasant pleading in vain for the heart of a king. He makes it to his uncle’s hay field before collapsing to the ground, a wailing cry clawing up from his center. He screams at the sky until his lungs and throat are raw, but it does not stop the gaping, gnawing nothing in his stomach from reaching his lungs and stealing his breath. He clutches at his heart, curls up on his side in the tall grass, and lets the tears come.
The Unseen Guild is a network of spies who sometimes recruit from the University students in Tiberium. They value secrecy above all, and have had their hands in many matters of politics and war. I'm taking a bit of artistic license with them for this story, but I can't imagine a better home for my Moriarty. The lamp is one symbol used by the Guild - members will carry coins or wear medallions with lamps on them as a way to subtly identify each other.
The Duc grows increasingly more agitated as he talks. He stands and the two guardsmen shift subtly closer to the door. “They murdered my son, John! They sent my only child home bruised and broken and dead and it devastated my wife. They took
“Yes, yes, of course.” When the Duc looks questioningly towards him, Sherlock nods his head politely and introduces himself. He returns to his perch on the desk as John sits across from the Duc in the chairs. He forces himself to pay attention to the Duc instead of John, but can’t help a few concerned glances. John reaches into his cloak for the flower that brought them here. He holds it in his open hand and speaks with a carefully metered tone.
Sherlock's stomach lurches.
Sebby’s eyes dart between his for a moment and look away. “John and I rode in a day early because there are things you should know, and I need you to hear them from me first.”
“Of course, sire.” The scribe glances at the spine of the ledger for just a moment, but Sherlock knows he'll remember it perfectly until he has time to record it in the archive's account.
Elua, he is exquisite.
“I don’t-” Sherlock’s piercing stare causes the Duc to stop and start again. “I only know a name. His men found me, I never spoke to him. I don’t even know if he is a real person.”
He asks the driver to take him to a boarding house in a decent part of the city, then closes his eyes and lets his mind wander. He never thought he would set foot in Terre D’Ange again, but the interruptions to his work are becoming troublesome and it seems the matter requires some personal attention. James is merely a patron, with no vested interest in the outcome of the requests he grants beyond his strong reputation for favorable results. An occasional failure is even expected when you are so far removed from the actual execution of a crime, so at first it was just an annoyance when the same name kept finding its way to his ears. Sherlock, Sherlock,
~ ~ ~
“Are you going to jump in or do I have to pull you?”
“He will be here this afternoon. News of Anatole’s death reached him late yesterday, and he rode through the night.”
The desert around them begins to blur and slip away. John grows suddenly tired and finds it hard to focus on Niamh’s words.
“Thank you.” She flashes a big smile and Sherlock laughs. “Could I steal John away for a dance? I could very much use a break from – well. All of them.” She motions vaguely towards the rest of the room.
As John and Sybille turn towards the dance floor, Sherlock finds his way to an empty couch. A servant brings him a glass of wine and he leans back to watch people. He would have to figure out what was bothering John, and he would have to do it soon. Not tonight, though. This week has been a long, deep breath that they both so desperately needed, but he doesn’t expect Moriarty to stay quiet much longer. So tonight he will watch two of the bright lights in his life dance while he drinks some of the finest wine in the kingdom, and enjoy every moment of it.
“Soon.”
John and Sherlock walk in and sit in the chairs in front of the desk. “Sorry to intrude, Greg. I need to see the ledger of the most recent recruits. Richard Brooke’s information, specifically.”
His heart skips a beat at the wording. The Ollamh’s voice fills his head, urging him to be vigilant. He takes a deep breathe before looking up at Sherlock and handing the key back to him. “Any ideas on what it opens?”
“What can you tell me about him?”
He smiles widely as he dons the servant’s cap and steps inside.
Just breathe.
Sebastian. Could he have a future there? They had been dancing at the edges of each other’s affection for years now, ever since that day at the river. Sebby is only ever here in the summer now, leaving for the city’s winter social season right after the first harvest, but his Casseline allowed him freedom within the boundaries of Somerville’s estates, and they were already quite good at finding reasons to see each other. They were soon finding innocent reasons to touch each other as well - sparring became more violent, chess became gentle. They learned subtlety in speech organically, so often having two conversations at once. It was the only way they could ever talk about it, even after the conversation changed. After urgent kisses were stolen around corners and hedgerows. After hands grasped for skin beneath clothing. After bodies pressed into each other in root cellars and tool sheds. A new need, a
John turns to find his charge yards away, with just a few men between them. He moves forward, promptly dispatching all three. He reaches for Sebby, pulling the boy quickly behind him.
exciting.” Sarcasm drips from his last words.
The Duc stands silent, looking at John. John shakes with barely contained rage. His fingers slide around dagger hilts.
Elua, John and Sherlock. Lestrade has never seen John look as haggard as he did in the courtyard this morning. Granted, John only entered Lestrade’s view when Sherlock met him well after Sebastian’s death, but he has since been a bastion of strength and stability. To see that quiet Cassiline fortitude so shaken, and Sherlock so worried, is disconcerting. It is easy to forget Sherlock’s lineage and brush him off as an emotionless, strange savant – most people do. Lestrade knows well enough how to read his face, though. This morning, scion of a god or no, he was
Sherlock watches the green fields of Azzale move by through the carriage window. Now that he is back in Terre D’Ange, far from the case and the strange shores of Alba, his body is demanding payment for days of neglect. His eyes drift close and his mind wanders from one thing to another, still trying to process information. White seaside cliffs and John’s face in the moonlight. Otherworldly howls in the night. Dark woods, magic, fearful wonder.  An entire world of new things to study.
to occupy his mind for a while. The carriage passes beneath the arch of the southern gate and he lays his head back against the seat. A wide, easy grin spreads across his face.
A lone rider just ahead of him reigns in his horse and jumps down from the saddle to adjust a strap. James’ footsteps catch his attention and he turns to look at him. He is blonde, broad-shouldered and muscular, and has bright, inquisitive blue eyes.
~ ~ ~
“A criminal who wants you out of his way knows where we live. That's something to worry about.”
“Shall I send for food or wine, sir?”
Sherlock sets his violin and bow on the desk. He walks over to his chair and sits across from John, taking both coin and parchment. He eagerly searches the surface of the coin for information with one hand as he holds the short note open with the other.
His body screams at him to drop to his knees, to lay his hands and head on the dirt between them, to cry out in his grief. He takes a stumbling step forward, clutching at his center to keep himself standing.
An orchard that John once knew well.
is what it means to love.
Sherlock clears his throat and glances down to remind himself what he’d been reading. “Actually rather interesting. This chapter is an account of a Lord Teirnan’s coronation, originally written by a priest of Naamah that was in attendance.”
“It is knowledge worth having if I am ever asked to go back. A thorough understanding of their royal history would have saved me days of footwork last time.”
Her words, and her voice, float around in his mind while he soaks in a luxuriously hot bath. When he eventually steps from the tub, Ansell is waiting with towels and a soft robe for him. His clothes have been folded neatly and set on a table next to his armor and blades.
“John, surely you understand! You lost him too.”
“That was ridiculous.”
John drops his hand and looks up at Sherlock, whose eyes are darting about John’s face with worry. He holds his voice steady when he speaks, refusing to allow the mass of confused emotion in his center to take hold just yet. “The Somerville orchards are almost a half day’s ride away. We need to leave quickly.”
Marcus Verreuil looks a shell of a man. His shoulders droop, his eyes look dimly out above dark circles on his face, and his straight blond hair falls limp and untended down his back. The journey alone, especially riding all night, is enough to exhaust a man his age. Enduring grief over a lost child along with it could well have been too much for him.
Sherlock nods solemnly. “Any news we get now will be of a body, not a rescued man.”
Fractured, oathsworn, guilty John Watson.
“Small graces, at least. Anything that can lead us to the murderer?” Lestrade scrubs his hand across the back of his neck, looking defeated.
“I can’t, Seb. I would be content with a pittance of your heart, I would share you with a dozen others and count myself blessed. But you ask me to stop loving you, to stand by one day as you wed and not cry from the rooftops that you are mine too.” He swallows back the rage and overwhelming grief rising in his chest, takes a breath to calm himself. “I can’t do that, I am not that strong. I’m sorry.” One last glance - is it possible to memorize every nuance of a face in a moment? “Farewell, Your Highness.”
“I am. But that’s not relevant. Are you going to come see me with your gray shadow in tow? Do you think he will let you? I am the orphaned nephew of a farmer. I am nothing. What place do I have in the life of a royal favorite?”
“No, it's not.” John looks up and meets Lestrade's gaze. Lestrade eventually sighs and looks away. He takes a draw from his pint and lets his eyes wander through the crowd, obviously contemplating a response.
Sherlock slides off of John, propping himself up on one elbow and tracing the patterns on John’s skin with his other hand. His fingers move eagerly across collarbone and sternum, travelling quickly downward; John closes his eyes and trembles. Pale, fine scars curl and flow across John’s chest and abdomen, creating a marque unlike any other. Not a testament of freedom from bondage, but rather a story of submission to it. One told in delicate, beautifully carved lines. Some are more prominent than others, ones that Sherlock returns to time and again with his blades. Others are faint and barely visible, but Sherlock remembers making them all.
Later, as he and John gallop through the dark night back to the city, Sherlock’s mind flies. The second guard stayed behind to escort the Duc de Somerville into custody in the morning. Hours will pass still before any news reaches Lestrade, and they are perhaps another half hour behind their messenger. But if Sherlock is right, Henri is in one of the older, unused dungeons beneath Valerian or Mandrake House and they still have a very good chance of reaching him in time. The case is all but solved, with only the adrenaline-fired race to the end remaining, yet the bigger prize still eludes him. Sherlock can’t describe what it is that hints to Moriarty’s involvement, he can’t give it any tangible nature in his mind. It is just there, like an artist’s brushstroke in the detail of a masterpiece. It cannot be coincidence, either, that it is growing more frequent. While Sherlock is still fascinated by the mystery of Moriarty, he finds himself growing wary of it as well. Moriarty is more than an entertaining puzzle. It is something he needs to solve before it becomes a problem.
before letting Sebastian fall.
“A butcher found him in the back of his shop when he opened up this morning. He was in a nice, populated part of town, a picked lock the only clue anything was wrong from the outside.”
Sherlock will not fall because John refuses to let him.
Most of the realm has moved past the scandal of John being cast out of the brotherhood and promptly bedding a Sharazhai, due in large part to the Dauphine’s fondness for them both. Sherlock was an oddity long before that, though, and they still don’t quite know how to interact with him. It makes it easy to move through the crowd in John’s wake, just smiling and observing, until they find Sybille near the dance floor.
“None. She’s not in immediate danger or someone would have told me. The initiate reacted as they always do. Nothing is out of the ordinary here, but this must be where he wanted us to go. Elua, John! I never thought to protect her. I didn’t think I had to.” His face his anguished.
“Not bad, peasant.” Sebby nudges James’ side with his shoulder as they walk towards the low stone wall separating the Somerville orchards from the land worked by James’ uncle. “You’re getting better.”
“It’s open.”
The second package arrives a week later. A messenger delivers a long, wrapped box to Mrs. Hudson, and she leaves it in Sherlock’s chair where he will be certain to see it. The boy had said to do just that if he wasn’t home. She picks up dishes still sitting from last night’s dinner, straightens the front room as best she can, and heads downstairs to put a kettle on for tea. She doesn’t think of the package again until that evening.
John is calmer, but his voice cracks when he speaks. “I would be free of this hell.” He clears his throat and continues with a ragged voice. “I destroyed his parents, shattered one of the purest hearts I know, and condemned two innocent boys to die. Death can’t erase those sins, I know that. But surely facing judgement in Cassiel’s presence would have been more merciful than this?”
Sherlock smiles when John walks in the open door. “You look rested.”
Sherlock glances at the other rider that arrived with him. James hadn’t given him much thought until now. Sandy blond hair cut short, layman clothes but Casseline weapons. Interesting. He stands silent a few paces behind Sherlock, his face grim and his body balanced for combat. “Your second guard will be arriving with the surrendered Duc de Somerville in a few hours, he can tell you everything you need to know. I will fill in the details later if you wish, but right now John and I must attend to more urgent matters.”
John looks down at the table and at his fingers laced around the cold mug. “I know.”
Perhaps it will help him understand why.
They enter through the side door and are greeted by a young initiate. “Lord Shahrizai, welcome. How may we be of service? It will take no time at all to ready your chamber.”
“Not Brother. Not in a long time. What can I do for you?”
John closes his eyes and takes two shaking breaths, crushing the flower in his hand. His voice is frighteningly calm when he speaks. “Tell us where to find Henri.”
John sits on a bench to wait and pulls his cloak close around him.
“Right. The Palace tea. That sounds
“You’re a duke’s son, you have a duty, et cetera, et cetera. I know.” He turns and looks back towards Sebastian. “Just, don’t lose yourself, Seb. Don’t forget this.” He motions to the world around them, and looks into bright blue eyes for a long moment, longer than he should. “Don’t forget me.” Sebby blushes and looks away.
“No more messages. There will be eventually, but we still have time.”
The innkeeper shakes his head and says something else, but James stops listening. He has what he needs. It takes him no time at all to make the right casual inquiries at the next two taverns to learn about the kidnappings. He remembers one of his men mentioning a similar situation, but it was one he chose to not handle directly given who was making the request. Could he have stumbled into one of his own crimes, with Sherlock already in pursuit? How could he possibly pass on the opportunity to see this one play out in person?
He stops a few paces in front of the statue of Blessed Elua. He kneels in reverence, sitting back on his feet and bowing his head. When he crosses his vambraces to rest his hands near his dagger hilts, he looks every bit a Casseline in form if not in dress. Which does of course mark him for what he is here – anathema. One who insists on breaking all of the rules, on asking for forgiveness only on his own terms. He hears movement behind him as two men leave the temple. It isn't uncommon for brothers to finish their prayers shortly after he arrives, and John doesn't hold that against them. He closes his eyes and breathes.
“Your Highness.” He bows. “Happy birthday.”
As they sail towards home and its loving but distant gods, John tries to let go of Alba even though he knows it will be impossible. It has changed them, put them on a path neither expected. There is the confession heard at the end of it all, the name that is now a puzzle Sherlock must solve. ‘
“Please, John, sit.” If he recognizes John for who he is, he hides it remarkably well. He motions to two couches with a low table between them and waits until they are settled to continue. “How may we be of service?”
~ ~ ~
Lestrade studies him for a long moment before speaking. “You must know it wasn't your fault. Not Sebastian, and not the two boys.”
“I’m still regretting teaching you that game. I can’t tomorrow, though. Mother’s taking me to hear the King’s Poet, remember?”
They could use more cheer around them these days.
“And Moriarty?” Sherlock can feel John’s heart beat faster in his chest with the question.
She sits carefully on an ottoman and takes a moment to adjust her robe so that it isn’t touching the top of her back.
“Truly?”
Sherlock’s hand on his back brings him out of his thoughts just before he hears his name in a familiar voice.
“Will you believe me if I say no?”
Looking forward to hearing what you think!
“Yes, thank you.”
He rolls over, turning away from the window, and curls himself around Sherlock, laying his head on Sherlock’s chest. He closes his eyes and focuses on the fact that they are home and safe and in each other’s arms. The steady cadence of Sherlock’s heart lulls him eventually towards sleep, but the last w
Sherlock walks to John, stopping a step behind him. He slides his hands onto John's hips and lowers his forehead till it rests against blonde hair. John doesn't move. Sherlock takes a deep breath and closes his eyes.
John takes a moment to calm himself before heading up the stairs, nodding reverently to the attending priest as he exits the temple to join Sherlock and Lestrade on the street.
John simply cannot be a part of this. Not as he is now. Moriarty will see the damage, and he will find a way to use it to his advantage. If it is Sherlock he wants, he would not hesitate to tear John into irreparable pieces to get to him.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Sherlock is safe. And in a good mood.
~ ~ ~
“We went to Valerian first or I would have been here sooner. Any sign of the culprits?”
“Yes.” Sherlock turns the coin over in his hand and runs his fingers along the rough surface. It is about three centimeters across, made of hardened clay but finely crafted. A lamp is etched into each side, and notches mark a pattern around the edge. It is nothing that Sherlock immediately recognizes, but it is absolutely Moriarty. His coming here was inevitable. Every case solved was another bread crumb for him to follow.
John often wonders where he or Sherlock would be without Mrs. Hudson.
He takes a deep breath before responding. “Yes, it would.”
Satisfied that he has done all he can to keep John out of harm's way, Sherlock walks back upstairs and closes the door. He immediately goes to the coin, picking it up and studying it closely. He starts filtering through his knowledge of ciphers and coded languages as he skims the bookcases for texts he might need. John is safe, and there is work to be done.
“Thank you.” He motions to the piles of books and papers scattered around him as he gets up. “You can put all of these away if you'd like.”
. The events in Alba, however, cannot be overlooked. The successful rearranging of the Cruithne royalty, with James’ personal recommendations in the appropriate places of power, would have laid the country open to the Guild’s control. The masters are beyond impressed with him already, but to hand them an entire political realm? It would have been a glorious achievement, something for which he would be long remembered, and it crumbled to pieces in the hands of this D’Angeline lord. So the prodigal son has returned to the land of angels to find a solution to his problem.
“Lestrade! Did you find him?” A tall, thin man with a mess of dark curls on his head starts speaking before his feet touch the ground.
James takes a moment to think before responding, and when he does it is with uncharacteristic gravity. “Because I want my name to be written in one someday.”
The last time John saw her, the green stem and paired pink flowers entwined with an iron chain curved its way up her spine to her upper back. Today the chain and lock wraps around a large burst of delicate pink flowers between her shoulder blades, and the stem tapers off at the base of her neck.
John hears the others dismounting behind him and turns to catch Sherlock looking at him fondly. “You were good with him.”
Lestrade catches up to him as he walks into the guard house. “Have time for a pint? I just need a few minutes to finish things here.”
“Not much. He was kind. I saw him twice in the past two weeks. The first time he was wearing a guard’s uniform. A couple of nights ago he said he was wrapping up his business in the City and wouldn’t be returning, and then asked how much I owed on my marque. We aren’t supposed to talk about our debt with patrons, but he insisted on giving me enough to clear it. How can it be him you are looking for?”
Sherlock looks at Molly with concern. He slips off the couch and kneels on the floor in front of her. He places his hand on her neck, caressing the skin where her collar usually sits, and brings his face in close to hers. His voice catches when he speaks. “Promise me. I would never forgive myself if –”
She slides her hands down his chest, pausing suddenly at his scar. She pulls back enough to see it and frowns in concern. “What happened?”
That grin again. Elua. The last thing he needs today is an awestruck farmer-turned-soldier thinking he's some hero. John gives Lestrade a pointed look and picks up his vambraces. He mumbles 'excuse me' and walks away, leaving Lestrade to make whatever apologies he feels necessary.
A week passes quietly in the City of Elua, and for once Sherlock doesn’t mind. John is more himself than he has been in months. He hasn’t spoken about his night in Gentian House, but its impact on him is obvious. He smiles and he laughs. He has gone to guard drills almost every morning since, and he is sincerely looking forward to the coming evening at the palace. When left to his own thoughts, if he thinks Sherlock is not looking, he still looks pensive. But what was once an all-consuming anxiety seems now just an occasional worry. Sherlock is certain John is on his way home, and grateful for the time they are being given.
“John!” Cries for help surround him, all the voices of scared children, and he loses Seb in the confusion. He turns, searching for the boy, trying to get his bearings in the endless sea of battle. An enemy breaks from the crowd and lunges for him. The man’s shield catches the sun as he attacks and John is blinded. Fierce, angry pain explodes from his shoulder.
“How can I help?”
The memory of Seb’s face when he admitted to how he’d twisted his ankle that day makes John smirk. The boy was fifteen, maybe? And so in love with Sybille that he couldn’t think straight most days. They were on the balcony in her chambers, enjoying one of the few places they were allowed complete privacy, and watching the gardeners work below them. He decided to show off by snipping a flower for her without getting caught. He twisted his ankle when he slipped on his way down the wall, but that didn’t stop him. The flower he delivered to the laughing princess several minutes later was a purple pompon dahlia, and she told him it was the most beautiful flower she’d ever seen. She then promptly made him sit down and went to find John to help with his injury despite Seb’s insistence that he wasn’t hurt. And today, the third birthday she has faced without him by her side, she celebrates her life with his flowers.
So many of his recent cases were Moriarty's work, and even if that were not true he can't imagine the man took the news of Alba well. Common crimes are one thing; orchestrating a successful coup against the Cruarch would have been the highlight of Moriarty's career. It makes sense. So why the need to send so cryptic a message?
He steps into his carriage and gives the entirely cliché request to follow the one in front of them before sitting back to watch the city pass by through the window. When they cross the bridge that takes them into Night’s Doorstep and on to the gates of Mont Nuit, his smile grows wide. The Court of Night-Blooming Flowers caters to a wide variety of interests. James has an idea of which one draws Sherlock here, he is Shahrizai after all, but even if he is right there is still much he can learn.
They arrive at the Somerville family’s home under a pitch black new moon. John drops down from his saddle as a lantern is lit in the entryway, illuminating the ground in front of the windows. A sleepy house boy comes out to greet them, lantern in hand, and his eyes grow wide at the sight of John’s sword and of the two guardsmen Lestrade insisted come along. John grabs him lightly by the shoulder to stop him from moving backwards towards the safety of the door.
His falls to the sand and the world clamors around him. He tries and fails to stand, and can’t seem to catch his breath. He finally sees Seb, still too far away and caught in combat. In a moment he is both child and Captain, taking down one of his assailants easily and struggling against the next. John forces himself to his feet and takes two slow steps, pushing forward through blurred vision.
~ ~ ~
here, more vivid. More captivating.
His move tonight will shift them into the final act, if Sherlock is at all observant. It is a momentous occasion. It is also one that will occur mostly behind closed doors, but he doesn’t mind. He could accomplish the night’s goal in a handful of different, more observable ways. He only needs expose the smallest end of a thread. But Sherlock cares deeply for Molly, and when the path to your enemy’s defeat could include using the anguissette that he loves, you don’t say no to that. It will be both entertaining and educational to observe his arrival, and James will be out of Mont Nuit before Sherlock sees her and finds his thread.
~ ~ ~
James is through a door and in a servant’s hallway before he realizes he is moving. He sinks to the floor and leans back against the wall, maintaining a face of calm over the raging pain inside him. He silently screams at the gods, at Sybille, at the entire fucking idea of love until he purges his heart and feels empty.
They arrive at Gentian House in not much time at all. John pays the driver and sends him on his way. Without really thinking about it, he checks vambrace straps and dagger hilts as he walks up to the polished wooden door. It bears a bronze relief of the House sigil - gentian flowers wrapping around a full moon.
“I still want to see his rooms. He’s much cleverer than most of your men.” Moriarty told Molly that he was Richard for a reason. Sherlock is certain the guards missed something. Something that is meant for him to find so that the game may proceed. He is both afraid of and intrigued by what that might be.
Something on the floor beneath the window catches his attention. His mind is leaping to conclusions before his eyes completely register what it is that he sees.
“He died from the cut across his neck, which happened before everything else. I can’t imagine why, but whoever did this tortured a corpse.”
that? That you forced yourself to forget him, and at the same time refused to do so?
John lets go of the saddle and turns towards Sherlock. “You wouldn’t be asking me that if I were. I will be all right.” Sherlock just looks at him, love and worry flaring in eyes already bright from the night’s excitement. John puts a hand on Sherlock’s cheek and gives him a small smile. “I will be. I promise.”
“You all right?”
~ ~ ~
One breath, then another.
“John! What brings you here in the middle of the night?”
“Be a right bastard, most likely. Brilliant, but a bastard.”
“You will figure this out. You always do. Just remember these people are frantic with worry. Empathy will get you farther than rudeness.”
“I'm not carefree. I have work to do. But we are far from danger still and you have time to rest. I can handle on this on my own for a while with no worry for my safety.”
“Moriarty.”
“There was an Ollamh in Alba who gave me a – prophesy? Warning? I don’t know. There was power behind it. She warned me about Moriarty. Said that if you faced him alone you would lose.” He pauses and takes a deep breathe. “I am terrified of not being there at the end. Of you trying to slip away to protect me and dying because of it.”
Almost as if Sherlock summoned him with his words, Lestrade knocks at their door and lets himself in. The look on his face is all either of them need to see. Lucien suffered the same fate as Anatole. Anger flares in John’s heart as he gets up, breakfast forgotten. He straps on his vambraces and blades as Lestrade speaks.
John returns the smile. “Getting there.” He takes off his cloak and hangs it on a hook by the door. “Mrs. Hudson insists on bringing up dinner.”
John drifts through the languid, blurry edges of sleep. He is spent in so many wonderful ways. He feels Niamh’s lips move against his skin, whispering in her foreign tongue. An invocation, perhaps, to carry him the rest of the way. He curls around her warmth, pulling her closer to him. She hums and presses into him.
“Welcome home, my lord.”
“I love you too, John.”
“Hello, Richard. I’m sorry for waking you.We need to discuss something that can’t wait till morning. Can we sit?”
The Captain set up a temporary base in a large plaza near the river, sending groups of men out to check nearby buildings. A guard careens in on an exhausted mount and flies out of the saddle near him. James is too far away to hear what is said, but Lestrade almost immediately starts shouting orders and readying to leave. It is time to act. James lingers in a still dark alley at the edge of the plaza until a guard gets close enough for him to grab quickly. Some well placed hits during the moment of surprise and he has a uniform. When the Captain rides out James is not far behind him, just another blue cloak in his wake.
“As of last week, yes. If she were anyone else, it would make no difference. But she is the Dauphine, so I can’t have both of you.”
John looks away. With only the light from a dying fire, Sherlock can’t see his face, but he can feel his pulse quicken in the veins on his wrist. He doesn’t look back down when he finally speaks.
“Brooke? Huh. Well, I don’t know if this will be good or bad news for you, but I can at least save you some time. He should have reported for duty at his post three hours ago, and he never showed. He lives alone in leased housing in the market district, so after the first hour, I sent men to go make sure he was all right. They reported back that the rooms were empty, no sign or trace of Brooke. The landlord told them that he rarely saw him and that he was a quiet tenant who hadn’t left word of where he was going. The man just vanished – they could find no leads.”
Sebastian de Somerville dusts himself off and stands as tall as his eleven-year-old frame will allow, but it’s hopeless. James has two years on him in age, and he’d gone through a growth spurt recently that gave him a considerable advantage in sparring. Never one to back down from a challenge, though, Sebby wipes a hand across his face and picks up his practice sword from the ground. He stands light on his feet, waiting for his friend to come at him again. The fallow field around them lays quiet. James smirks at him and raises his own sword.
Sherlock looks into John’s eyes, his elation at a solid clue for once overshadowed by the implications of it. “The Duc de Somerville lost his only son in the war. Oh, John.”
Sherlock follows John into the guardhouse. From what John told him on their way here, Moriarty has been watching them for weeks. He has appeared as a variety of personas, one of which enlisted as a city guard a few weeks ago.
Niamh studies him a moment. “Cassiel has forsaken you, on that you are right.” John swallows and clenches his jaw, fighting back tears. “Instead of dying with honor, you lived in disgrace, and that is his price. But he is one god of many, and a young one at that.”
John comes first. John will
As the book sails through the air, a small, folded piece of parchment falls out of it.
James makes his way down the hill and into his carriage. The driver commendably does not speak of what he must have witnessed, silently closing the door and climbing into his seat to continue their journey. James knows himself too well to think that he is truly leaving Sebastian on the hill. He will be present with him until he returns to Tiberium, and even then he will linger in dreams and shadows and wafts of air as he always has. But there is a task to be done here. When the city walls come into view that night, James’ head is clear and focused and he is eager to arrive. Finally, something truly
John takes a moment to respond, clearly considering his words. “I am. I don’t know how long this will last.” John pushes the cuff of his sleeve up, glancing at the scars worked down his forearm before looking back at Sherlock. “But I’m not having nightmares, and I honestly feel more myself than I have since before the war. So yes. I’m here.”
Not that it mattered. Nothing he could have said or done or dreamt would have mattered. Elua’s precepts do not hold true for everyone, and James could not hope to compete with one of his scions when love is what’s at stake. She won Sebby’s heart before James even knew how to ask for it.
For the next several hours, Sherlock is absorbed in his work. They speak with Anatole’s distraught mother and younger brother. They examine the area where Anatole was last seen, look through his rooms, speak with the servants. There are no clues, no leads, no witnesses, not the tiniest scrap of information that Sherlock can use to work his magic. By the time they leave the Verreuil townhouse, Sherlock is growing visibly frustrated with the lack of evidence, and John is trailing behind him making apologies for his manner. As they step out of the carriage in the d’Essoms’ courtyard, John grabs him by the arm.
“That's not the same thing.”
John opens his mouth to say no. The last thing he wants to do is spend a night with one of the mystics of Gentian house. He doesn't doubt their abilities, nor does he cherish the thought of what they might see when they use them on him. But, in spite of their relatively short acquaintance, John considers Lestrade a close friend. His presence helped tremendously as John adjusted to life outside of, and without the fraternity of, the brotherhood. He understands parts of John's personality, parts of his past, that only make sense to another soldier. He understands at least some of what John is fighting with now
“Do you have any ideas?”
“Nothing. I am just a very lucky man.” That makes John laugh. “Let’s go. It would be rude to be late to the party.”
Sherlock rests his cheek on the top of John’s head. “Always.”
The boy.
~ ~ ~
~ ~ ~
Sherlock looks doubtful, but he doesn’t press the matter. He kisses John softly and whispers “I love you” across his lips. He’s right, of course. For Henri’s sake, John can’t let his own emotions interfere. Cliffs and small voices and blame must be dealt with later.
John shifts in his chair, the slightest change in posture from a concerned priest to a readied warrior, but Sherlock feels like he could laugh for joy! Finally, a connection! It takes some concentrated effort to extricate himself and John quickly but politely. As they stand to leave, Lord Verreuil looks up at Sherlock.
“I do. I know we did everything we could to save them.”
“Go. I’ll be right here when you return.” Sherlock picks up his latest Alban history text and settles on the couch, looking as calm as he can manage. He watches John carefully for the few minutes it takes him to ready to leave and makes an unsettling realization. If Moriarty knows nothing of John, pushing him away is the smart thing to do. If Sherlock is too late though, if Moriarty already knows, then John will be vulnerable on his own.
Sherlock squeezes John’s hand in his and looks deep into those bright eyes. “And you are all right? Truly?”
“Of course, love.”
And it was buried deep, purposely erased from public literature, but marked for recognition with the lamp. Why? And how does Moriarty know of it?
ords in his mind before he lets go are hers.
The boy looks nervously at the Duc, but John’s calm tone keeps him talking. “Tell me what you heard.”
John smirks. “And I guarantee you are something more than what he’s ever dealt with before as well. You will stop Moriarty, I promise.”
“I need to see that list. Tell the driver to go to the palace, John. Mycroft will have those names, and we need to warn every one of them, put a watch on them if we can. Killing heirs of the charged, not just the accused. Perhaps someone doesn’t agree with all of the verdicts. Or the sentencing of those accused either. Exile and execution were too lenient. Killing their heirs is more suitable a punishment. Killing and torturing innocent people so that the parents can know what it is to horrifically lose a child.” A moment as everything falls into place, one victim melding into the other in his mind, the answer rising up from the gore. “John, he lost a child. Whoever we are searching for lost a child, probably his heir, in the war. And he is exacting revenge on those he holds responsible for it.”
John raises an eyebrow in question.
John considers him for a moment. “All right. I imagine if I said no you would follow me anyway.”
“Had all of you busy lately, has he?”
He closes the door to their rooms behind him, glancing at the blades and vambraces just inside it. They are carefully placed, not flung across the couch or hanging on the chair as they should be.
“They were talking about houses? And flowers. And where they could go without being seen or heard. That’s all, really. I only caught a few words.”
“A lot of criminals know where I live. It’s a casualty of what I do. But even if that bit of knowledge made him unique, he would never be so vulgar.”
A broken soul pleads for penance beneath Kushiel’s scion.
It is such an obvious solution. He could complete his work and be travelling home within a fortnight if he wished. Of course, efficient is also boring. No. Sherlock and John shouldn’t be boring. The solution might be simple, but the path leading to it does not have to be. And when the threads of fate weave together as impeccably as this, one must show reverence. Only James’ finest artistry will do.
As much as he wants to run, he won’t. For one, Sherlock and John are on the guest list, and parties make listening easy. But even without them, he would stay. He needs to see her. He needs to see the one Sebastian chose.
“Elua’s balls!” Lestrade’s sudden outburst startles a woman closing up her shop on the corner for the day. “Please tell me you have some theory in that mind of yours, Sherlock. We’re running out of time.”
Sherlock nods and looks to John. “Ready?”
James stands in a dark and well-hidden alcove just around the corner from the side entrance foyer that Sherlock always uses. He found it not long ago when he came in through the same door on one of his visits. Tonight, a beggar watched until he saw Sherlock and John return to Baker Street. Not long after that, James arrived at Valerian for an evening of socializing in the salon. It was a simple thing, then, for him to slip into a corridor unseen at the first opportune moment. And now he waits.
Preferring a bit more privacy to work out the message, Sherlock gathers book, parchment, and all of his notes into his satchel. He leaves a small purse of coins to thank the scribe for his help and walks quickly up three flights of stairs to the main level of the palace. Darting through a servant's door, he winds his way around to a rarely used veranda in view of the royal orchards. He has several escapes like this in the palace, a result of growing up in Mycroft's socially elite shadow, and they are often just as useful now as they were then.
An Umaiyyati soldier slices deeply into Sebastian’s center. His scream of pain is joined by others, echoing loudly from every direction as wooden swords prove futile against real blades. Too late, John’s hands go for his daggers. He is too weak to unsheathe them and has no hope of throwing one. Blood, heat and the screams of dying children drown him and he collapses.
Sherlock is walking the room, absorbing its knowledge. John leaves him to his work and goes to the window Henri was taken through. There is no blood here, so the boy is probably still alive, but the drop to the ground below would have caused some injury.
Only yielding.
“It’s okay to want real cases, even with all that’s at stake. The guards are restless too. It feels like crime across the whole city has dropped, and I don’t doubt for a second that Moriarty is the cause. He knows it will bother you. But that doesn’t change who you are, and you shouldn’t feel bad for wanting this stalemate to end.”
It is faint and gossamer but on so many of his cases. He steps away from the desk as the house boy leaves the room.
Sherlock thinks for a moment, taking in every detail of the defeated man seated before him. He thinks of the five younger children who have already lost a brother. “I think your family has suffered enough, but it will be a swift thing to incriminate both of you if it has not.”
“They were recommended.” The words tumble from his lips without thinking, he is so surprised by Sherlock’s question.
“Please make yourself at home. I have a few things to do, but Ansell will take good care of you in my absence.” She steps close to him and brushes her hands across his cheek and through his hair. She crinkles her brow and considers him carefully. Her dark eyes are fascinating, and when she speaks her voice is low and soothing. “You are safe with me, John. In every way you need to be. I promise.”
The ride to the Palace from the Verreuil townhouse is a quick one. He leans back into John and absently runs his thumb across John’s forearm where it wraps around his chest, content to spend the time rolling this new information around in his mind.
The girl rushes to the back of the room where he seats her at an empty table. He quickly ducks into the kitchen and returns with a large slice of shepard’s pie and a glass of milk to set in front of her. She thanks him politely before delving into to the food with impressive gusto.
Hi. I'm still alive - are you guys still here? Life is back to predictable patterns and I writing! Yay! Still probably a few weeks between updates - but that's better than months, right? Hope enjoy the new chapter!
Would he never be free of this?
Most of what he overhears is boring minutiae, but he is patient and his quarry can’t be far. Ladies of the court fawn over one lord or another, estate owners discuss business prospects and boast about successes, and everyone is fascinated with gossip of one type or another. He hears more than one person mention how they missed this particular event in recent years, when the Dauphine opted to mark her nameday with more private affairs. It was once the highly anticipated start to the winter social season and many hope it will be again. It also seems the Princess and her Captain were quite the real-life fairy tale in the eyes of the realm, and everyone is watching to see who comes next.
“John! And Lord Sharizai. Welcome.”
He stands up and straightens his tunic. With luck, no one noticed when he bolted. He picks up a tray of hors d’oeuvre waiting by the door before going back into the ballroom.
“Thought so. I’ll wait for you out front.”
Lord Verreuil shakes his head. His voice sounds hollow when he continues. “No. Maryse, my wife. I don’t know what he told her to gain her aid, but she pleaded with me, swore she would never be such a fool again if I would just save her. Keep her with her children. How could I tell her no? Her part was so small, and I don’t think she truly understood what it was she was doing. So we both swore on our family’s honor before the King that she had been used against her will, and she was acquitted. Her name was kept from the public, as were all of those acquitted before the trial began.”
John is quiet for a long moment. He takes a breath and releases his arms, letting his hands drop to Sherlock's. His tone when he speaks is wary and sullen.
John looks out the window of their bedroom, watching clouds move across the moon in the sliver of sky he can see from the bed. Sherlock sleeps soundly next to him and most likely will for several hours yet. John envies him. Being home is remarkably comforting, but he has only been able to sleep for a couple of hours. Inevitably, the healer’s words filter into his dreams to worry him awake. If not her words, it is her eyes glazing over, or firelight shifting the shadows on her wrinkled face, or the way her voice filled his skull as she spoke, powerful and feeble all at once.
John takes a breath, stares at the ceiling. "Made me feel young," he says. "Fit. Not like... just a dad."
"Why not?" says John, flirting a little, God help him. "It's not half bad looking. Got to get the lighting right, of course..."
"I'll always regret that we didn't resolve all this while she was alive," says Sherlock.
so much."
"Yeah," sighs John. He closes his eyes and smiles a little. "Took me by surprise. I didn't think Sherlock had it in him."
Sherlock nods.
"No," John says quickly. "No. It was great. Sherlock was great. You both were --"
Mary sips her tea. "Fair enough," she says. "Not a therapist, then. What about someone else? Someone who isn't a stranger."
"Not like you do, no. But she's never far from my mind."
Sherlock is staring at him, bewildered. "All right."
It's early, from the light; Rosie won't be up for another hour or so. John stretches luxuriantly and rolls onto his back, his hand slipping under the covers.
Sherlock is sitting at the table with Rosie, a heap of green-flecked grains in bowls before them. Rosie is spooning the stuff into her mouth enthusiastically, Sherlock is mostly fiddling with his phone.
"Ah, Eurus," says Mary. John looks up. Mary is wearing her pajamas this time, and sitting cross-legged on top of the covers. "You do know how to choose them!"
John bends to shuffle Rosie into her coat. Sherlock sighs.
"So...?"
"You said you have a therapist."
"Oh," says John, "I meant to ask..." Sherlock glares at the interruption, but John ignores him. He's been doing this for three quarters of an hour, already. "Can you watch Rosie Friday night?"
"Decided I couldn't face an evening hearing about new advances in plaque removal. Yes, all right," John admits as he pulls up a chair, "you were right. What is this, anyway?" he asks, indicating the bowls.
Sherlock nods, his eyes big and pale. John's face cracks into a smile.
"Then Mary's past caught up with us," John finishes. "And it all went a bit to shit."
Irrationally, even though he knows he is alone in the room, he surreptitiously nudges his phone under the pillow.
John rolls his eyes. "Yes, a date. I'm a single man, Sherlock, I'm entitled to go on a date now and then."
Mary leans back on her hands. "What did you see in her, then?"
John looks up at him, curious.
John starts to pick up his fork, then sets it down again. "When you met for lunch?" he says, aiming for light, unconcerned. "Where was I?"
John is sweating. Rosie's lip is trembling, her tabbouleh abandoned.
"I see," says Mary, with narrowed eyes. "So... do you still have nude photos of Sherlock's sister on your phone?"
"But is it even me anymore? I've been locked in your head so long, can you really tell where I end and you begin?"
Rosie looks to be gearing up for tears, but just before they break, she spots her father standing in the doorway.
"At what?"
"God, I miss her," he chokes out after a bit. "I mean, I hate her. I want to hate her, but I --" He looks up. "I'd give anything to see her again. Not the Mary in my head, but the real one, who didn't just tell me what I wanted to hear. I don't care." He laughs a little at himself, wipes his nose. "You hear me, Mary? I don't care what you did. I just want you back."
Silently, John pokes his head inside and grins to himself at the scene: giant, full color maps are spread out all over the sitting room floor, and Rosie is tiptoeing wobblingly between Brazil and Mexico.
"Enough!" John's fist comes down on the table with a bang. "I've heard enough." Sherlock stands still, his hands clasped behind his back, as someone who hopes he can wait out the storm. John, meanwhile, roams the room, taking his aggression out on the furniture. "You bloody wanker," he seethes. "You fucking
"No!" insists John. "Just surprised. And..." He rolls onto his back again. "Well, maybe. There were times when I felt... left out. I definitely wasn't expecting that."
"Before we take this any further, there's something you need to know."
"I haven't been fair to you," he begins after a moment to collect his thoughts. "For a long time." John sighs, and rubs his head. "Ever since that night..." He looks up. "D'you know the night I mean?"
never talk about her."
"John," says Sherlock gently. "It's been three years."
"I mean," says John, doing his best to offer a conciliatory smile, "tell me everything. She's been fixed in my head so long now, I don't remember who she really was. But I
John huffs a laugh. "All of it. In my imaginings, he was going to be this total innocent, awkward and clumsy like a baby deer. We were going to guide him, you know. Show him the ropes. But he turned out to be a bit of a genius at this, too."
John opens his eyes and looks frankly into hers. "I didn't expect you to-- to enjoy it so much. To enjoy
Sherlock begins to speak, but John holds up his hand.
, God. I didn't want to see it, but I should have fucking known. That's why you didn't fight back, when I went after you in the hospital," he continues, reeling a little at the realization. "Christ, I felt so guilty for that. But you deserved it! You knew you were just as guilty as I was. I should've strangled you back when I had the chance. I should do it right now!"
"No," agrees John. "But I think so too."
more than 'just a friend', wasn't he?"
"Well, it was nice, in a way. Having a little secret." He looks over at her. "I couldn't believe I'd gotten away with it, hiding anything at all from you. But neither of you ever suspected."
_____________
"Find out what makes it tick. And Mycroft, set up a jet for two. I want to be in the United  States within three days no later. Understand? And Khoung if you figure that out before then we won't need the jet. " He strolled back over to the car got in  and slammed the door leaving both men standing in shock.
Khoung looked over at him as he dug through the ever expanding mess on his desk ." To be honest Doctor Watson this is out of my field of expertise . I don't have the mojo for this kind of magic ..and as of right now , neither does this world's Mycroft. A magic like this is going to need someone stronger..." He handed John an envelope . "I will have  everything you need to make the call delivered to your room. Follow each one of the directions carefully ."He pointed to the odd satanic looking star with strange markings on the top of the envelope "Draw this on the floor just  as it is right here. Do not make a mistake. Understand?" His blue eyes bore into john imploring. John shivers he hates that feeling of familiarity when he looks at them.  John took the envelope and nodded.  He was confused again  "Wait ... so I just draw this and ?" he arched an eyebrow .
Also- I am  a native Russian . So I never been to Lousiana  - if my "Cajun" accents are terrible I'm sorry . I'm going off of what I researched and heard from American's from that part of the county.
"Please stop...I gave you the money-NO DON'T TOUCH ME !" the young man's voice cracked as he curled up tighter into his blankets .
John leaned in close to Sherlock's face ,the detective could smell the brandy on his breath, he looked down into John's eyes. He could make out the gold flecks around his iris. John's hand was still on Sherlock's leg . He was trembling.
He wasn't
He tugged at his curls.
It seemed like the skinny man heard him " yuz looken for Izzy?" He said with a smile that showed nothing but black teeth and darkening gums. " She said she be having friends over- she inzide go head get hur. " His thick Cajun accent was grovel like he smoked to many cigarettes with bronchitis.
It was dark when they arrived the airport and  busy as ever. John was looking around when he noticed two tall men . One of which was holding up a crud sign that said:
“Brother Watson?”
“Thank you, Édouard.” She smiles at the adept and he nods. She waits for him to leave, closing the door behind him, before speaking again. “Sherlock? Is everything all right?”
Sherlock calls for Lestrade, saying something about horses. John lets him take the lead in getting them out and onto the road with mounts while he works to sort his thoughts. He sees the cliff ahead, the one his mind is hurtling towards despite all of his efforts otherwise. It is the smallest voice that pulls him forward, the one that still persists after all these months. It still wrenches him awake some nights, screaming and drenched in sweat. He failed. He failed to protect Sebastian, to fulfill his duty. And if despair over that failure is the muse for these atrocities, the blood of Anatole and Lucien and possibly Henri is on his hands as well. He failed them all that day in Carthage.
“Sherlock.” He bends to pick up the fragile flower. It stills shows its unmistakable striped petals despite being half crushed into the floor by a heavy foot after it fluttered from a cloak or some other clothing. He doubts that Sherlock is versed in apple genealogy, but it takes just a moment for him to gather what details he needs from John’s voice and face and the proffered flower.
Kushiel note: The brown bear is a symbol of one of the five folk of Alba, the Maghuin Dhonn. True seers in Alba are not uncommon from any of the folk, and the short explanation of the Maghuin Dhonn is that they are druids. An explanation I like better comes from Moirin at the beginning of Naamah's Kiss: "We are the folk of the Brown Bear and the oldest magic in Alba runs in our veins. Once, there were great magicians among us; men and women capable of seeing all the skeins of the future unwind in the great stone circles, capable of taking on the shape of the Maghuin Dhonn Herself." The bear's children are no longer so powerful, but her magic still plays a part in their lives.
His pain dulls and the world shifts. Captain Sebastian de Somerville is exactly where he’d been that day, swept twenty yards away by the flow of battle and fighting a growing tide of momentum against him. John is on his feet again, not yet defeated. The swarming enemies are overwhelming, but no longer infinite in their numbers. He grips his sword tightly and charges forward.
He is almost finished with a bowl of hearty stew and a pint of surprisingly decent ale when a ragged looking girl walks in. She is barefoot and dirty, skinny, perhaps twelve years old. One of the barmaids makes to shew her out until the owner calls to her from the kitchen.
“The less you know, the better.”
Half an hour passes before he moves again. He opens his eyes and blinks at the ground for a moment before looking up into Elua's smiling face. He was offered no words of wisdom, no solutions. But he had been blessed with solace for a time, with
He quickly sits on a bench and pulls out the cipher and his journal. His mind is reeling with questions about the bigger picture, but those must wait. Right now, there is the coin. He starts by carefully copying the cipher into his journal. The original is too delicate to open more than necessary, and should be kept somewhere secure until he decides what to do with it. Once  it is safely back in its hidden pocket and the ledger in his bag, he runs his fingers along the edge of the coin while reading the cipher. He mumbles letters quietly as he works until he is certain he is reading it correctly, then scribbles them into his journal to find the beginning. A moment later and he has his answer.
He kisses her deeply and lets go all resistance.
“All right. I will go.”
“John, if this is too personal for you –”
“I will trade my life for yours if ever that is a choice I must make. I can’t deny that. But my prayers for time and healing have been answered, and you found your way home. It’s possible that in doing so you have already heeded the Ollamh’s warning.” Sherlock drops his hand to John’s chest and drapes his free leg across John’s lap. John turns into him a little, curling them together and resting his hand on Sherlock’s hip. His face is hopeful but pensive.
Only Sherlock.
The end. It feels like that is what this is. Like Moriarty is lining up all his pieces for his final move. He wouldn’t have brought them here and given up his masks otherwise. John checks that his daggers are free in their scabbards without thinking about it.
“Anatole Verreuil was taken four days ago and his body found in an abandoned building near the west gate a day later. We have no leads on the murderer, and last night Lucien d’Essoms disappeared on his way home from a friend’s. We need to find him quickly, but I have nothing to start on.”
“I promise.” Molly smiles at him. “I’m not going anywhere.”
A sly smile crosses his lips and he looks up to see John watching him with rapt attention. He deftly unties trouser laces and brushes his fingers along John’s already hard phallus, his touch cool against John’s skin.
Perhaps there is some small mercy to be found for him after all.
That afternoon was eight months ago. It was the last day of summer and the last time he saw Sebby. They were both still glowing and awestruck and lost in each other when he left. What will they be now that he is back?
John tilts his hips up towards Sherlock’s hand, uncharacteristically impatient. He whimpers and looks up with heavy-lidded eyes.
She looks at him sadly. “What good would that have done?”
The game is on.
“So what is it?”
“Yes. Thank you. I can have them back to you in a few days.”
“No. Though I don’t think we’ll have to wait long to find out.” Sherlock slips the key into his pocket. He looks concerned, but his eyes still have the same bright spark to them that they always do on a good case. “Are you all right?”
“Some interesting history that I can bore you with another night.”
Sherlock had just hoped for more time.
“Good. I’ll need to speak with the butcher after I see the body. Any word from Lord Verreuil?” Sherlock changes momentum during a case like a pendulum, as focused and eager now with work to do as he was lethargic and apathetic just a moment ago.
“Possibly. I'll keep this one for a few days,” He motions to the ledger now on the table next to him.
Lord Verreuil bows his head. “Thank you, my lord.”
“He is a
John screams: a sudden, grief-stricken sound. Sherlock takes a step back as John shoves the table, knocking it over and sending books and tea cups crashing to the floor. Downstairs, Mrs. Hudson stops singing for a measure. When she hesitantly starts again, John turns around. Tears stream down his face as he shakes his head. He opens his mouth to speak, but cannot find words to express the agony that shows in his eyes and clenches his jaw closed again. He sinks to his knees and curls inward, wrapping his arms tight around his center. Sherlock closes the distance between them and drops to the floor. He sits against the back of his chair and pulls John to him, grateful to not be immediately pushed away. John lets himself be moved and tucked into Sherlock’s chest, but refuses to meet his eyes. Despair and guilt shudder through him, carried on an almost forgotten desert wind. Sherlock wraps his arms tight around John’s shoulders and buries his face in his hair, futilely whispering “It’s not your fault” as sobs wrack John’s body.
John walks out to the street just as the sun slips beneath the horizon, taking autumn's warmth with it. It is pointless to attempt avoiding this conversation. Lestrade is concerned, perhaps even rightfully so, and he will have his say whether John wants to hear it or not. If he'd said no to the tavern, Lestrade would just find him at home and not care that Sherlock was there to hear it as well.
Kushiel notes at the end to avoid spoilers.
The Duc looks to the guards now blocking the door and to Sherlock’s calm indifference of his plight, finding neither escape nor allies. He returns his gaze to John. John, with fury in his eyes and righteous death at his fingertips. He falters for half a moment before speaking. “I don’t know. I hired two men. They bring me proof of death and I give them another name. I have no clues to give you. You will never find them in time.”
“We have to. He clearly knows about her, and he will use her to get to me. Gods, he already has.”
Kushiel notes are at the end to avoid spoilers.
She nods. “Yes, sire. Looking for a boy got kidnapped. Last one that was taken got killed.”
"Lord Verreuil is in La Serenissima. We sent a messenger as soon as the boy was reported missing, but at the earliest he won’t be back until tomorrow, and that’s assuming his passage through the mountains is swift. The poor man doesn’t know yet that his son is dead.”
His hand reaches the waist of John’s trousers, but his eyes linger on the jagged scar across his shoulder.  Physically, it would take a blow equal to its creator to rend it open again, but Sherlock cannot erase this morning from his mind. The wound on John’s soul is still fierce and raging. Kushiel meant for him to see, to have it burned into his memory. To know that he must tread carefully.
“Yes. Yes, sire.” He looks at John for a long moment, then relaxes and smiles shyly. “You’re John Watson. I remember you now.”
Motion to his right catches his attention, and he sees Sebastian walking down the row of trees towards him. He smiles widely as he gets up to go meet him. Sebby has passed him in height over the winter, and filled out as well, broad muscles replacing most of childhood’s softer shapes. He is dressed in simple brown trousers, a dark red tunic shirt, and leather boots. His straight, perpetually messy blonde locks have grown out a bit, now falling just over his brow in the front. He walks with the surety of a grown man, and it is not until they are in front of one another that James sees hesitation in his eyes. He looks worried.
Breathe.
“Thank you.”
“Lord Shahrizai, Monsieur Watson. What can I do for you?” He motions for them to sit on a plush couch as he takes a high-backed chair across from it.
John nods and finally relaxes, at least as much as is normal these past few days. He steps around Sherlock and away from the window. “I need some air. Are you in for the afternoon?”
Sebby laughs. “That is one I will have to read. The rise of the great James Moriarty.” He slings the strap of his satchel over one shoulder and smiles at his friend. “So don’t be boring.”
“John?”
The corner of Sherlock's mouth turns up in a grin. Thinking of John will not solve his current mystery, as entertaining as it might be. Sherlock returned to his books last night while John slept more deeply than he had in weeks, but the answer was not to be found in Baker Street. When Sherlock left for the palace this morning, John seemed relieved both that Sherlock would be somewhere well-guarded and that he could stay home alone nursing his lager-induced headache. An hour's work in the archives rewarded Sherlock with his first real lead, but it wasn't much and was so far a dead end. The cipher language was created by a priest of Asclepius, a Tiberian god of healing. The priest's sight failed in old age and the notched code allowed him to keep notes about his patients that he could read with his fingers. The priest's earlier written work and transcriptions of some of his coded notes were easy enough to find, but the cipher needed to read the language was conspicuously absent.
John’s heart trembles. Of all the adepts in this house of dreamers, Tristan had brought him a daughter of Alba. It could mean nothing. She could be simply Alban and nothing more. He could also refuse her and request someone different, someone safer. But he knows she’s not, and he knows he can’t. This is the path he must take if he is ever to find his way home again.
Until an afternoon in a barn loft spent learning what it means to be intimate, to be vulnerable. To be laid bare in front of someone in every way that matters. Beneath the trappings of social class and economic fortune, they are both D’Angeline. James may not have the blood of Anael in his veins as Sebby does, but he is no less one of Elua’s children. They are each tasked to love without regard for crowns or thrones.
Many thanks to Fascinated for beta-ing!
It's not beta'd, and it might be crap. But I had to wrestle plot monsters, and I've been sitting on the first half for months, and I just need this bit up and done so I can move on to the next chapter. There. I hope you like it. :)
They stand this way, just breathing, for a moment. Then Sebby pulls away, opening his eyes to look at James. He is still anxious. “I missed you too.”
“I will leave you alone with this. But only if you promise to do something, and to do it soon.”
“And if I haven’t?”
John laughs. It’s not much of one, but it’s a start. He unbuckles his vambraces and sword belt and drops them into his chair. Sherlock sits on the couch and settles comfortably in the corner cushions. “Come here. I missed you today.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock lays his violin in its case as John walks up the stairs to their rooms. He’d left word of where he was going, but all the same Sherlock feels calmer at the sound of his step on the boards. He overhears Mrs. Hudson telling him she will bring dinner up in a bit, and his cheerful response. Visiting the temple had been a good idea.
“My patron?” Molly shakes her head. “He was lovely. Not like you, of course, but lovely.”
Help me.
Sherlock looks to John. He is standing in front of the breakfast table with his hands gripping tightly to either side of the wood surface. His head droops between his shoulders and the muscles of his back are tight beneath his shirt. His entire body trembles in silence. Sherlock aches at the sight of him.
John leans back in his chair by the hearth and closes his eyes for just a moment of rest. When he opens them, the room is filled with early morning light and he can hear Mrs. Hudson moving about downstairs. He scrubs a hand over his face and tries to figure out how long he was asleep. A couple of hours, perhaps. It will have to do.
Of course she’s beautiful. The blood of Elua himself runs through her veins, and she possesses all the elegant features and graceful poise that one would expect of a Courcel. As her partner leads her around the floor, her tiara sparkles beneath the chandeliers and the silk of her ball gown spins out around her. Her eyes are bright and her smile is contagious. It is no wonder that Seb fell in love with her – she shines with brightness and light in the same way he did. The two of them would have made a stunning couple. And there was no room in that for ‘dalliances’.
Angry that Sherlock is right.
“And you choose her.”
As the carriage starts down Baker Street for the short trip to the palace, John pulls the curtains against the light of the setting sun. He lays his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and intertwines their fingers in his lap. Sherlock smiles and curls into him.
A knock on the closed door to Lestrade’s office brings him out of his thoughts. He glances over the disarray of his desk and sighs. He should have gone home when he had the chance. Another run of fingers through hair, another headache, another late night.
“Philippe, sire.” His huge eyes reluctantly leave the guards to look at John.
“Molly.”
“A Casseline? Why do you need a Casseline? You’re already a better swordsman than half of your father’s guard.” James takes the last bite of his apple and tosses the core into the far end of their river swimming hole. Sebby sits up next to him on the rock, grabbing the stolen bottle of cider that sits between them and taking a drink.
“No. Not a thing. I even sent for one of my waifs while you slept. People are looking all over the city and no one can find him.” He unravels his arms and lets one foot slide down to the floor as he reaches for his tea. John picks up his own cup and nudges the plate of toast closer to Sherlock. They sit in silence for a few moments, listening to the shopkeepers starting their day on the street below. John breathes a small sigh of relief when Sherlock nibbles at a piece of toast with a thick layer of honey on it. As the room brightens with the rising sun, John finally realizes why Sherlock is so calm.
The short balding man smiled . "Your soul. "
John lets out a soft chuckle  "Now, now Sherlock it's not to bad. "
Mycroft repeated the words Khoung had chanted perfectly…...He held John's hand the same way the other Mycroft and Khoung had.
John felt his brain click ,that settles that ...even the Winchesters can see it…..it's as clear as day.
Where did Elizabeth go? He knew he heard her scream . Sherlock wasn't moving . He stood petrified feet glued to the wilting  grass.
Sherlock's  mouth was sweet like tea,honey, and mint.
Finally breaking eye contact to look down at their short menus. A compatible silence fell over them.
I love Mycroft. If he's a bit ooc don't for get he's  10 years younger
"Well If I knew all it took was a picture and a bad date to get you to admit you like me I would have done it long ago..."John said with a wink. "I will admit the first was an accident. ..then well"He shrugged at the stunned man blinking at him " I wanted to see if I could get a reaction out of you."
The doctor looked down at the boy in his arms.Sherlock looked genuinely frightened of him.So John slowly put him down. "Sherlock you know I don't work for him. I told you that . He asked me to come get you....Because he found that tape in your room"
"Just to be safe " John clarified. "Your ankles still must be tender and we don't know if those men were found yet. So it's better to be safe than sorry. "
John didn't put his gun down "How about you stay where you are. " He doesn't do much else. He wanted to assess the situation before he puts an end to this and calls Lestrade. He just let the man speak .
‘Not a clue,’ he shook his head, ‘but the Lieutenant was adamant that we be on time. Whatever it is , it must be  important since she called us on our day off." He spat like the words burned his tongue.
"Yup...I'm sure Sherlock's brother will get him once I return home...So... Ah- is this my room? " he ask when they stop outside a door with the number
"Man she's  as beautiful in  the inside as she is on the out. " he murmured.
John stomach grumbled loudly as the smell of greasy fries hit his senses.
Young Sherlock scuffled out after John.
He could smell Johns alcohol induced arousal ...it was nothing new.... he always smelled that way after a few...only this time it was stronger.....after he said those words....it grew and builded around Sherlock....He couldn't breath.....that arousal became something more the moment john placed his hands on Sherlock's legs and pecked his lips with a chasit kiss..
John walked over to him and helped the small boy to his feet " What ? " he asked genuinely confused.
“Yeah. Do you happen to have air condition?” He didn't want to be rude, but the air from the open windows  feels like he is sitting in a miserable stagnated , fishy sauna.
John held Sherlock close....they stayed like that for what seemed like forever ....riding their orgasmic high . No words were needed ...Just each other was enough to know. ..this this was all fine they were fine...better then fine....they were finely where they belong in each other's arms....
...God he was going crazy a month  without a case higher then a three, John has  been with that girl and at surgery.
"Where you at ?"
" What the hell !"  He cursed under his breath. Then quickly he started speaking again.
He went back to the papers and read through them again. Page  two had a small chant in Latin. ..Did John have to read that out loud? One look further down the page told him his answer was yes he did...good thing he took a bit of Latin in Uni .
" This moron walked right up to that poor man and  asked him if he had ,and I quote ' some fun time chains for my boy-toy here."
The man across from John let out a laugh."Well to answer your question. I know how to use it. But I can not help you activate it . You need an Angel's grace - not a demon. Though you could simply sell your soul and I could send you home without all the trouble of powering that up."He held out his hand " Hand that little toy over and we both get something out of this exchange. "
Dean collapses on the bed face down ." Just two hours Sammy." He mumbles his deep voice muffled by the scratchy pillow case .Sam sits next to his brother and adjust the flannel on his neck . "Get some rest Dean.”
John looked down at himself his mind racing. His eyes traced over the blood stains from the night before.
“ Sherlock “ John ran up to the boy and held his shoulders “ Are you hurt ? “
Sherlock rolls his eyes “  With the life you two lead.  I'm surprised you don't have a hospital in your car .  It was not that that hard to deduce "
He couldn't stop himself . He was tripping over the chair taking Sherlock along with him. He tried to catch them but his arms and head were still trapped in his jumper . His hand slipped off the table causing them to topple to the floor in an undignified pile of limbs. Sherlock now on top of him . He struggled to pull what was left of his jumper over his head. The doctor looked up to glare at the boy on top of him .
Lucas mouth drops, his eyes darting between Jo and the pained looking blond man -Doctor Watson-
Pitt’s sweet weaked baritone voice rumbled through the room. “ Please leave us alone.”
John was....
He heard the soft knock on his bedroom door, taking a deep breath he carefully she spoke -Not trusting his voice.  “Come in John.”  He was glad when it came out even and not as nervous as he felt.
"Brother mine could I get a moment alone with you boyfriend? "
" Stay here ." John said stiffly. He got out and quickly shut the door behind him. The soldier straighten his shoulders his posture streaming authority. It made Sherlock's knees go weak. Even next to the to Winchester's John had an air about him, he could handle his own. Sherlock licks his lips, honestly hoping for a fight. Watching three gorgeous men box it out in the heat would make it worth it. He sat up in his seat getting ready for what he hopes to be good show. Maybe Sam and John's shirt could be ripped off;  Sherlock  smiles at the thought .
John was shocked to find out the odd ingredients were not as obscure and unobtainable as he thought.  The first ingredient :
"How do you know that ?" Dean asked amused.
He waited, butterflies making a mess of his stomach. Sherlock wasn't use to all of these emotions ....it was a bit ....unnerving.
"Since the start. Your dance was beautiful. " Sherlock could hear the smile in his voice. "I don't know how this time travel thing works. If loose any of my memories . I hope I don't loss that one . I want to  I keep it.  I want your dance to be the only thing out of this crazy experience I remember . " John shifted foot to foot and rubbed the back of his neck.
John's face softened "Good I don't think I could do this without you. "
John nodded.
He stood by the door, face in pain,  brows knitted together in worry . He gazed into the dim candle lit room. Nurses sit around his best friend lying prone and sick on his deathbed. The doctor looks over, it was a look saying it all.
know better . This killer — whoever they are , are extremely good at what they do. A professional,  perhaps a surgeon or somebody with the same anatomical knowledge. It all made Henry almost giddy with Glee.
"Come on"John said pushing Sherlock's small body off of his. He cleared his throat and cleared it again . " Let's not keep the Americans waiting"
! .Soon he was dipping, dancing ,  arms moving like the wings of a swan , toes pointing.  ….he was..
He still could hear the rumble of his voice... "What's going on? Why isn't it working Khoung " Came Mycroft’s voice.
Sherlock spun around  now facing John tears were falling down his cheeks mixing with blood . He went to say something.
Sherlock fell to his knees when he tried to take a step. John was next to him his doctor instincts kicking in and fear of what he seen on the video rushed over him.
They walked silently for the few minutes until they came into the busy part of the school . Students walked about ,chatting , laughing , some of them looked dreadful.
John let out a filthy groan as the shallow air conditioning flushed over his body " Finally-some air." he breathed and waved the neck of his shirt back and forth to get some air . " I didn't understand a word they said. " John said honestly. Sam and Dean both laughed.
“Leeanna, Sherlock don't lie, he can read anyone as soon as he meets them.It's just what he does . He may be an insufferable prick but he don't lie...Wouldn't lie . Not about this” John said, the hurt clear on his face. “Is it true? Have you ever been honest with me?" His face with struck with hurt.
Sherlock looked up at John though shaggy black curls ,bright curious eyes met his. " Sixteen" he replied.    "Thank you for that...."Sherlock nodded to the bodies lying on the ground. " But I would really like to go now . If all possible...Can you take me home ? "
Sherlock. ...Is he ever going to see his Sherlock again???
“ How are we going to get the grace from a statue?” Dean huffed as he and Sam bend down to collect the items from Sam's bag . They started sorting through the supplies.
The last one made John laugh .
Sherlock...
Nope! Nope!
The first ring  ,then the second and the third Dean started to pace after the fourth, then the fifth . His heart started to beat frantically. " Common Sammy pick up." Finally, after the sixth ring the line came to life and his brothers voice echoed through the speaker like a song.
Sherlock fought back the need to grit his teeth. He don't mind freak but... poof? That stung more than it should.
John smiled of course he would be taking music classes. Though , he would have thought Sherlock's parents would have got him a private tutor or something . When he turned around he came face to face with a black sedan ... He straightened his back and got into the car . This better be good news.
John's  face heated up . Oh god this was not the time.
Mycroft came up John . "Alright give me your hand Doctor Watson. “
Suddenly Henry's dream came rushing back to him.
"Everyone keep looking at it. " Elizabeth said as she cautiously  walked over to the angel " " John, Sherlock stop making out and come help us!”
Sherlock shakes his head. “ It is  not my blood. “ He points to Elizabeth sitting  on the ground with a rather nasty gash on her arm. “ It's hers… that thing sliced her.” John pulled Sherlock into his arms and kissed the top of his head . Everything  felt better when Sherlock was safe and in his arms. “ Good I'm happy your safe… “ John breathed his voice low and steady like a rumble of far off thunder .
Sherlock groaned and shuffled to his night stand unlocked his phone ....his eyebrow hit his hairline .
________________________________________________
"No. I am not part of the men of who ever " "John stepped back and put the necklace back in his pocket "Can you help me or not?" He keep his voice even despite the growing- it wasn't fear is was something else... Who the hell asks for a soul ? What the hall was this guy?
Day 2
___________________________________
“We left the heads intact . “
Sherlock felt a tremble of excitement fill his veins unexplainable happiness followed .He leaned down to grab his bag and   flinched as a twinge of pain shot through his body . "Well I wouldn't say I'm  busy ."
__________________________
" The pendent is shard from a core of something called a TARDIS. To activate it you must read the incantation than feed the pendent with a life force. In this particular pendants case ,an angles grace is used as the power source."
Soon they were headed back to Sam and Dean bunker . In  another day or so John would be on his way back home. He smiled … It had been a long week . He has  learned and seen so much . Enough to change his life - and Sherlock’s forever. He watched as the foreign landscapes  change from state border , to state border . He won't ever forget this. Unless of course , some law of time travel makes him forget … He doesn't want to. He looked over at the dozing Sherlock sleeping curled up at John's  side . His little face burred  in John's shirt. John don't want to forget this…. The time he fell in love with Sherlock all over again. He runs his fingers though the messy mop of curls. Most people don't have the opportunity  to find real love once in their lifetime. John is - he got to experience it twice. He smiles and closes his eyes. They were all tired, but he couldn't sleep; so instead they drove all the way back to Lebanon, Kansas.
Grudgingly Lucas takes the blonds hand in a firm shake .
Tears stream down Pitt's swollen eyes down his fever red cheeks  “ at this moment I wish I  had your faith. "
"Yes Doctor Watson.  We will return to the place where you first arrived in our time , Khoung will chant the spell and send you home . I wanted to thank you personally for protecting my brother. I worry about him constantly.  "
Yes he is smarter than everyone. Of course he doesn't understand how normal ordinary people work, and yes he is a homosexual .
Who just ah-
The moment they seen John's gun all the fight left  them. The young men put their hands up and dropped bats and crowbars to the floor. A tall man with a bald head and tattoos from neck to fingertips steps forward hands still in the air . "Ah, come on old man don't  be like that. How bout we make a deal? yeah?"
Sherlock looks at him like he's crazy . "Transport?." He scoffs.  " What kind of man do I turn out to be if there's a man like you in front of me and I don't want to….. " he licks his lips and his eyes travels  up and down John lazily  ,slowly.  His eyes saying it all.
John shook his head “ I'm sure we can find something….a bit well-”
Mature.
Waiting. ...
"Sherlock. ..."He said  voice a breathless whisper.
John shook him softly. "Sherlock we landed. Come on Mycroft told them we would be there by now. "
John groaned  and put his head on  cool leather seat in front of him.  Even Dean could see Sherlock's pinning . This was bad. He hoped to god this spell or whatever it is  works . He's not sure how much longer he can fend off this younger hormonal Sherlock's advances. It been a week well , six days and  if the boy gets anymore ideas ,( like the ice pop indecent ) John was going to explode. Years of pent up
And just like that- Sherlock and John were off to find John a way home .
Also.
A moment passed -
The throbbing calls to him. He lowers a hand down between his legs and gives his aching member a slight squeeze.  A  grunt escapes John's  lips. God..hes so close.... Just a few strokes he could finish  He glanced up at the door. Any one could come in....he felt a pulse between his legs. No way he can ignore it. Quickly  he shucks down his trousers, shoves his hand down into his pants .He was already so wet.
He glanced down at the painful bulge in his pants begging for attention then glanced at the door.
" Woah! Woah! There buddy! Who are you ?" He said stepping in front of the man . Lucas  puts his hand on the strangers chest just so he would stop pushing through the lab. The man glared down at him like he just now noticed that Lucas was there and it was somehow it  was Lucas's fault that he was in the way. " Where is the body ?" The man growled .
"Come with me ."
The taller man's eyes narrowed "And what makes you think I will help you after you assaulted my  brother ?"
" Enochian? - Hay Dean take a look at this . " The brothers orbit  together ,shoulders brushing, legs melding under the table as they lean into each other .
Sherlock  spun around to face Dean. He crossed his arms and stared defiantly up at the much taller man." I am to aloud in there. I am a grown man! It's not like it would be my first time in a place like that." He gestures to the door  Dean was blocking . Dean grins down at Sherlock amusement visible on his face . " You're what? Fifteen ? Sixteen ? Sorry kid you gotta be  eighteen in the states . Now back to your booster seat. " Dean teased.
Nothing
The short few blocks to the hotel seemed shorter than normal ...He was inside the lobby headed up to his room before he had time to really think.  If this could get him home then he was going to do it. What ever was inside this envelope and whatever he was getting himself into better be worth it.
Sam and Dean both chuckled .
...... Nothing...
Sherlocks small sharp teeth nipped playfully at  John's bottom lip then...Oh....he sucked into his mouth...
John followed Sam to the side of a hill where a metal door stood . It hat the same oblong shaped star on it that the post office  back home did.  Inside was what John was expecting . It was the similar, if not the same as Mycroft's Bunker . The room  centers around a table with an illuminated map of the world. There is also a bank of computers and communication devices. There is a large library with shelves of books as far up as the ceiling . A variety of weapons that John was unfamiliar with where proudly a on display. He looked over at Sam.  The tall man nodded and John followed him down the steps of the balcony the metal clanked under the his weight . It was an ominous sound that echoed in the empty halls of the huge building.  "Welcome to our home, we have enough rooms so you and your son can have separate rooms if you like."
" Sherlock -" the blonde said  in a warning in tone . Sherlock sighed.
"Sherlock, Dear brother. "Mycroft said his voice pained like he was talking to a child. Legally his brother was  an adult  but he was still just a child . "Doctor Watson will stay in the sweet end of discussion.  I understand you feel the need to thank the man. But I assure you.  We will think him kindly when we  return him back to his own time . "
Would that happen if he never meets this Sherlock? Would he die if his past self kills himself. ?....It was to much...to much.......
"I know you are  desperate to get home but don't risk your self or my county in the process ! We have your jet ready earlier then expected-"
"  Dean sorry I didn't wake you. John said to let you sle-" Sam started - Dean didn't let him finish.
This Sherlock was so different ....He was softer...more relaxed, pushy , sassy, ... touchy. ...
If they do find this guy….
Sam cocks an eye brow and simply says " oh sorry. " and leads them  though the huge room past the table with the map to a long hall lined with doors that were all numbered.
There was a long silence from the other line until a softer voice echoed though the phone . This voice was farther away and muffled by the distance.
Is this? .
Sucking in a harsh  breath like he just come from underwater.  Sherlock forced his body to move rip his eyes from the sight in front of him . He can't be caught  watching .
Sherlock took a step towards her not at all happy with the way she hurt John. He's never seen that look on John's  face before not  even with his past girlfriends. All he knew was that this girl had better not show her face around him or John ever again . Or he'd be tempted to dispose of her.
"The person you were thinking about just now. How long have you been together. It's obvious that you care about this person. Perhaps a romantic partner. Someone you love?"
John just realized they spent the whole night out, and he's been away from home for an entire week. Sherlock must be going stir crazy trying to find him. It’s  alright he is going to be home soon. John smiles and looks over at this Sherlock who is talking to Sam. The boy was smiling brightly up at him making all kinds of fighting  gestures , Sherlock even had an angle blade in his hand acting like it is a sword.
"So you know them then?"
Sherlock found himself leaning into the warm gentle touch of this stranger.  He didn't trust his voice so he just leaned over and pressed him self against the doctors side....He was safe now....
Oh well.
"Starving" He replied
John spun around  hand reaching for his gun .There was a man standing there looking at him with red eyes. His dark hair was thinning out and messy on his head. He had a closely trimmed beard that fit his scruffy yet elegant face . He was not much taller than John and a third as wide . The dark haired man wore a slick black dress shirt, a waist coat that matched a thick gray and red striped tie with matching trousers that were pressed to perfection . The man was dressed almost like a scruffy Holmes bother with a heavy black trench coat. John fought back the urge to roll his eyes of course he summoned a posh git.
" We should call Cas on this one. I don't thank we have anything in the books. " Dean mumbled as he shuffled through the stacks of papers on the table. Sam hummed in agreement. He flipped the pendant in his hand over and over in his palm.
“You are so Bloody Thick!” John said meeting Sherlock's gaze. He was frustrated, angry, and madly in love, with this git.
"What are you doing  here? Weren't you supposed to go home?" Sherlock  keep his voice steady . He tried to control his rapid  heart rate. He stood up and a pain shot through his side he wrapped his arm around his ribs - Yup he was going to have a bruise. On top of the ones he had from the kicks he received the night before. Perfect . No dancing for him for a wile .
" So , what she say ?" John asked. "
The two of them laugh even harder . John pointed to Sam's back with a role of his eyes. Sam reaches back and pulls off the sticky notes .
" That is  what I said john , you know I hate repeating myself . " Sherlock sat up his eyebrows raising  to his hairline at the sight of John in nothing but his cotton towel...he licked his lips taking the other man in- His  eyes caught a single drop of water  dripping from John,s short blond hair down his ear it pulls down his strong neck right down the pulse point ....then drizzled down his honey over the bare honey bronze skin. His ice gray blue eyes followed the gleaming drop disappear into the sharp dip of his collarbone… He wanted to lick it off.... Sitting up he scuffled over to John on his knees his feet tangling  in the sheets slightly as he made his way to the end of his bed.
"It's alright Doctor Watson.  If you want to get home let this man see it.  He might be able to help. "
He looked at the clock .  He still had three minutes!! Panic filled his gut. Sherlock got up quickly rounded the table and over to the doctor .
"Your boy in there to ?" a  woman next to him asked as he sat. John didn't take his eyes off of Sherlock's movements . "Ah...yeah he's in there. "
John looked up from his brandy and smiled at Sherlock, how can a man so smart be so slow on somethings?
" I'll get it Abe.." Henry walked over to the door.
“ No I do not think we have had the pleasure. “ He snapped off his gloves hoping no one would notice how his hands were shaking.
Day 1 ..
John watched the young man's eyes linger down his torso a little longer than necessary. When Sherlock's eyes finally made their way back up to John's face.
Sherlock smirked "You seem worried bother. Don't be.  I'm sure John is a quick study. "He pulls his arm out of his brother's grip and skips over to John's side .
Sam slapped his brother's shoulder "Shouldn't we give them a bit of time to rest before we head out."
(See the end of the chapter for
"John and I will not snog in front of you, nor engage in any other- activities you seem to have conquered up in that head of yours. "
Slowly hesentily Pitt reaches out with a soft sigh and grabs his partners hand. They were alone now..one one could see… it might be the last time he can touch his Wilberforce so Intimately without judging eyes .
" Common we cans talk in hur. " She nodded at the door she came out of.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. " Then take them with you I'm sure my future self will appreciate the change in style"
He got up and turned around to start cleaning up when he heard a gravelly male voice greet him from behind with a soft -
"Did you make a list brother? I will be there in six minuets." The call ended.
Though, it could just be that John was thanking of home and got lonely.
John's demeanor transformed into his professional medical persona, critically examining Sherlock from where he lay. He lifted Sherlock's legs and sat down placing the slim roots on his lap. He then lifted up Sherlock's pajama legs slowly checking his ankles. The swelling has gone down but the bruises are a lot more prominent now. Nothing to worry about if he wraps it¹ and stays off it for a few days ; he will be fine.
"I said don't
If he didn't go in ...
Sherlock stood  there quietly. Has eyes run over  the doctor in front of him. Finally to Harry surprise Sherlock speaks  low and quiet with a huff a laugh. “ Henry Morgan- “ he dropped his gaze  . “ you couldn't be more creative Wilberforce ? "
Dean's eyes snap open ,he sits up quickly in his bed and looked around. The room was empty.  His brother and their two British companions were nowhere in sight .
"We can't guarantee we can get you home . But this sounds like our kind of gig. See ya then. " the dial tone echoed in John's ears.
Sherlock looked down at John as he worked and smiled.  Where did this guy come from? He  was like a man out of Sherlock's wildest dreams . A sweet gentle solder who looked at him like he was the best  and brightest thing in the world. Sherlock must really remind John  of that someone back home.
They stay quiet for a moment just looking at each other eyes never leaving nothing but the sounds of their breathing and birds filled the havey space in between them .
The doorbell rings twice.
Came from Dean himself . Dean had lifted his sleeve revealing a heavy  hand shaped scar .
John just glared back at him waiting for him to do something,  hissing like a maniac or not John was not about to scurry away.
__________________________________________________________________
"I take that as a no?"
Something caught his attention. A small whimper came from the room he and  John shared . Licking his lips he put his back to the wall and peeked in through the small crack. He froze eyes wide.
" Wait ? Where are we ?" John asked his hand instinctively  reaching for the gun tucked away in his belt. Sam and Dean both got out of the car and closed the doors at the exact same time.
His feet started back to the main part of the bunker of their own accord.  Did he do that to John?
Don't worry we will get back to the JohnLock soon....I been having fun experimenting with characters. ( Winchesters , Crowley  and others ) I have  never wrote this much in my life .( aside from essays)  This is now my longest running anything . And I want to say thank you for all of your support and love and sticking it out this far. Though my typos and pretty bad grammar  ( not a native English speaker.) but thank you so much. Really .
" Ah ho'w ya'll doin- wer yae from?”
Unable think through the fog of panic John just held up his hand holding the necklace, and  just prayed  to whoever is listening that this works.
Not that his Sherlock didn't laugh genuinely, it was just this Sherlock was so pure and light-hearted. His  smile met and his sparkling kaleidoscope eyes. That fog that seemed to haunt  his Sherlock's eyes no matter what John did to make him laugh was gone...Had he done that by stopping those men?
" So call this Bobby Singer bloke  and  tell him to get his arse over here and help? " John said straight  and to the point.
" -they are here to help with the Lexx case . And have high clearance from a reliable source.  So let them have free range on your resources , including your M.E. ,forensics ,and any other details you might have acquired on this case so far. That's all. "
Now John finds himself standing in a unfamiliar room. The cool air made goosebumps  prickled at his skin. No.... It wasn't the cool air .... it was the way  Sherlock dropped to his knees in front of him and pushed John's hips against the wall.  John couldn't move his eyes widened. Shocked, he looked down and spotted the young sixteen year old Sherlock licking his lips staring hungrily at the tight bulge in John's trousers.   John's skin is itching to know how that mouth feels.
Nothing happened ....
" They are friendly enough at least. " John shrugs and walks over to the sink " I thought they were going to start a fight there for a moment.  " he turns on the tap and washes his face . The water smelled like mildew but it was refreshing and  cool against his skin.
John just looked at him his heart stopped again . Was this arse kidding ?
Oh crap the divas meet ...I had so much -to much fun with this. Johns girlfriend is a bit of a well you will see...
"Seems Mycroft’s pet psychopath can't get me home yet . "His eyes dart down to the ground. "So we are gonna see what we can do ..If your brother can't do anything in  the next two days I'm going to America to meet someone that might be able to send me home and I wanted to know if you wanted to go  with me-"He rubbed the back of his neck and shifted his weight nervously " I know your busy  so its alright if you say no ."
Sherlock held his breath , closed his eyes tightly - and waited for what was to come .
Sherlock looked back at him his face unreadable.  " Thanks..."The word came out as soft breath.  "I hope we meet again soon.. I won't mind having a doctor around it could be helpful. "He holds out his hand "It was nice meeting you Doctor John Watson.
He pulled his covers up ,  places his phone on the charger then snuggled down into his warm sheets...
" So basically you are saying there is no way of charging the thing. "
______    ____________________  __________________
No way he should just die now . There was no way he can explain this ..... He changes back into his pajamas . Meekly he walks into the sitting room ...The music long since stopped. ..and Sherlock stood there ..staring at his phone...
"-Much I know. "John finished . " Look I'm sorry . "
John clenched his fist . Should he tell this man everything ?It might be his only way home he don't want to put his faith in some voice on the other side of the phone....to some American man with no face.
His ankles really did  hurt . Buuuttt.... being  held in the arms of a strong handsome soldier was not all bad either.
Sherlock was done with people...he was better off alone ...He was safe alone....
The taller of the two men with long hair and  slouched shoulders looks  up from under his long lashes his hazel irises glowing in the airports artificial light.  Somehow the six foot four ( possibly five, John couldn't tell)   man  made himself seem impossibly small.
John swallowed heavily placed the necklace in his pocket. If he is going to get this young version of Sherlock to trust him he is  going to have to play the game.
“Get out now.” He said, his voice no more than a whisper, but it held all the menace in it as if he were holding a gun at her head.
That voice...It sounded like Sherlock....but this voice was a pitch higher. Not by much.... Almost as if Sherlock was a teen . The sound of rustling and fighting, grunts and fist meeting skin made John move quickly. What if Sherlock was in danger?  He lifted the gun and made his way quietly around the corner.
"Next time you will be pushing a open door. “
" Stop worrying so much. The whole place is  worded. Turns out these guys are hunters as well "
John called his name . The boy didn't look back . Something wasn't settling right . A chill ran up John's spine. It wasn't the demons bodies he was dodging and  jumping over that chilled him to the bone . It felt like someone was following him ...not the brothers it was a different presence.
No  one back home  would ever believe what John is seeing now…..
Snap....snap ...snap...
Did he do it wrong?
The demon who carried him slapped  Sherlock's face hard enough that he fell back to the ground.   " We are counting on it! " He steps forward.
John  shakes his head fondly at the grunt and the role of  Dean's eyes . He's going to actually miss these two. " How you two are not  dead is a mystery. “ John mumbled more to himself than anyone in particular.
John whispered .
The young boy glared over at John .” It sounds like someone stepped on a cat's tail. I don't know how much more  I can take . "
"Oh god Sherlock they didn't. ..They didn't
Time seemed to have stopped ,everything around him disappeared.
Somehow, young Sherlock found a blue ice pop. He sat on the bed nearest to the wall casualty half naked in nothing but his black silk pants . Miles of flawless ivory skin on display . Sherlock's body was toned and hard from his dance classes . The doctor in him notices -all of his bruising was a gone now. Somehow despite his thin muscular  frame Sherlock's boyish softness only complemented his enthrall beauty. John sucked in a deep heavy breath . The air around him felt like it was sucked out with a vacuum- squeezing his lungs to tight . He wheezes .
His phone vibrates then lights up. He contemplates ignoring it but it might be important. He leans over and grabs his mobile . There was a message from Leeanna. He smiles it's unusual for her to text so late. He opened the message . To his surprised he finds   a lovely picture of her . The perfect angle for a topless selfie....Her large breast where high on her chest, her delicate pink nipples were hard .He stared that the image. It was the first time she ever sent anything like this . He scrolled down and read the caption.
John smiled down at him. "Lead  the way "
"Well I got some good  news. I'm going home."
John smiled over at the politician.  "Can't slip anything by you Holmes now can I ?  "he took Mycroft's hand again started to get out.
A weak smile crosses Wilberforce face just a flesh of a smile. Their eyes meet , Wilberforce's brown eyes  lost  themselves in the odd arawy of silver,gray green eyes of Pitts...  the only can his eyes can be described is..... angelic...
Mycroft drags John and Sherlock to a post office it is more then it seems .
" Oh god." John feels his voice crack with a  hysterical laugh threatening  to burst though.  He closes his mouth before it escapes  .
"Come on this place has some nice clothing John . Maybe we can find you something better than that goofy jumper."
The room was crowded with  three groan men and Sherlock . There wasn't enough space stand comfortably . Sam had to duck so his head so he didn't  touch the low the ceiling.
When he feels Sherlock relaxing. He rewards the man with another kiss
A pained smile crosses Wilberforce face .It was so bitter sweet and painful to see someone he cares so much for so sick and weak….but still so brilliant . Pitt started to choke making gurgling sounds his throat constricting his airways making breathing a challenge.  He tightened their inclined hands . After the coughing horror subsides he takes a moment to steady his breathing before he speaks again . We agreed on a succession . “
" We need to go before this thing attacks again. “ John guided Sherlock away.  " We got what we came for . Elizabeth needs to get that cut taken care of . Come on we have a first aid kit in the car. "
“ I thought army doctors helped people “ Dean said with a smile.
" I seen that you idiot-!  he took out four of my demons.   " Crowley snarled.  "Next time we need to get him alone without the Winchester's interference. "
“They tell me you are improving Willy . “ he purred softly. He tucks the tails of his coat under him as he sits down on the bed where his hand once was. He’s much closer now…
....chanting
He shoved Sherlock inside the safety of  the car and slammed the door. "Lock the door Sherlock! "
Dammit.   He’s not wrong . " We are everything a couple is Sherlock, but "
There is at least seven men standing outside smoking by the few beat up cars. It was the kind of place that made Sherlock want to the lock the door. Sam and Dean both got out at the same time. It seems like a habit for the two brothers. They were so in sync Sherlock would guess they don't even realize they do it every time they get out of the car. Movement caught Sherlock's eye. The men standing outside noticed Sam and Dean and started to approach.
He was sore and cold. Shivering he pulled the blanket closer to his body. He told himself it was the withdraws making him tremble so badly . Not the memories of the filth that held him down ran their clammy hands all over his body. Sherlock curled up knees to his chest . Every muscle and bruise pulled and protested against the movement but he didn't care.... He felt safe like this . He was safe  in his dorm dressed in his favorite  soft blue dressing gown and pajamas.
_________________
“ Hello my name is Doctor Henry  Morgan. How can I help you gentlemen ?”
"Sherlock!!!" John cried .
Sam cuts in "Give us a little time to do some research John....alright. " he leans over and clasp the good doctor on the shoulder. " Get some rest I know you must be exhausted. " Sam's hazel eyes sparkled with kindness his handsome brow wrinkled in worry. " We will get you home man. "
Sherlock shook his head and held up five of his fingers " A five is a  werewolf or vampire. "he dropped  his thumb down " four is shifter, ghoul,  or Rougarou.  " he put another finger down"Threes and below are normal people.  "
The girl started.  " Name's  Elizabeth, just call me Izzy . " She plops down on her bed and  crosses her long ,tan ,smooth legs. " I want to set this straight . Getting the grace will not  be easy. " her Cajon accent vanishes " I don't work for free , you four handsome men are going to have to get the supplies for me . "
John sits back in his seat. Why did this not surprise him. He don't think anything can surprise him any more. It makes so much since why Sherlock ranks his cases.  He always wondered why and how he did it. " So six  and higher are demons. Anything below that is  ...normal people right?" John had to ask.
He felt her small hand on his shoulder and helped him back up slowly... His body started moving again.
.....Arousal is a better way to put it.  How could someone be so...damn gorgeous kicking some poor sods arse?
John looks down at the list and reads out loud :
" Thank you . " he murmured.
" Bloody hell old man what are you doing !!" The younger man protested and kicked but when Sherlock felt like he might fall he latched both arms around John's wide shoulders then around his neck holding on to the man who just saved him. "you....better not tell my brother about this! "he said feeling his face heat up.
He took a deep shuddering breath . His palms were sweating and his hands were shaking. He knew that warehouse.... It was the first drug den he found Sherlock in years ago. He sighed heavily again. This was never going to happen. ... He was going to put a stop to this . He needed to save his brother. It was in the past yes, but that would not stop him.
That's when the door slammed open and a tall dark-haired man stepped through with Lucas on his heels.
It is a dingy little place with no more than forty rooms. The building was a one story brick building covered in black mold spots. The concrete driveway looks like it was melting into potholes, probably from the heat Sherlock notated. A tall rusted sign stood at the side of the building reading :
John melted into the soft white leather seat with a sigh and closed his eyes for a moment.  Just to breath take it all in. One thought at a time .
The black man . Dion tosses his arms up and shouts back . They weren't yelling Sherlock noticed . They were all just .....Loud.
He peeks up though his lashes.
So guy's I'm not sure if I want to end it here or not I have a few more ideas I want to try out .But I have Midterm s creeping up on me  in two days and need to focuses.
Slowly the younger man carefully wrapped his hand around John's cock.
" This is the address she gave us ." John murmured.
"Tell him you are sorry you laid your filthy hands on him . "
Sherlock looks up and down John's bare chest and smiles " I don't thank they will have a problem with you walking in like that.  "
When the blonde man standing on the boy lifted him up by the hair . All the air left Johns lungs suddenly everything fell into place .
"He might be after this necklace… " John said as he fingered at the pendant.  " He mentioned he wanted it - though he insisted I bid  my soul and in return he would send me home. "
"You could say that. Your brother's pet psychopath had me summon a demon who wanted my soul in return for sending me home . You know the bloody usual. " John said with dismay.
Sherlock looks down at his mobiles  clock.  It was about time to get John up. They haven't got far on the research but the Winchester have an idea they want to try to get him home. The young detective gets up and lets the Winchesters know he's getting  John up then makes his way down the halls of the bunker.
"  Apparently they are having a show tonight. " He mumbled to himself. He folded the paper and tossed it in a nearby ben. He looked  around the halls and stopped mid stride as he came up to a large window . His eyes caught a figure inside the room ,far to the right. In a corner away from the other students . His short dark curls  were pushed away from his forehead. The boy  bent back on his hands and flipped over in a slow back flip, then repeated the action in the opposite direction. He continued to move . Every movement elegant and  graceful.. It was hypnotizing to watch. John's mouth felt dry as he watched the young man lift his leg over his head  turn to the wall keeping one foot on the floor the other leg  laid perfectly against the mirrored wall
John pushed the man over to the he wall  and cracked Sebastian's face against  the brick . John leaned in and whispered his voice soft and there was a smile playing on his lips. But each word was dripping with malice . "I remember you , You sleaze bag. I want you to repeat the words after me and apologize to Sherlock."
Sam and Dean came out of the store about ten minutes later laughing . They slipped into their seats.  " Did you see that poor guys face ?" Dean said between snorts of laughter .
________
Sherlock cracked his eye open and looked up at her from his spot in the chair.
Nothing.
"Think you. "
Theses two idiots can't be....
A spike of arousal shot up the detective's spine.
" The hell if I know . Seems the sleeping prince fancies him. " The other  demon sneered .
" I know you don't like men -old man ,so its fine. Take it off!" Sherlock's eyes darted down over the bare skin of the doctors tan body and licked his lips slowly drawing his bottom lip in to nibble on it . God...this man was to perfect.... broad pectoral a flat stomach defined by years of military and physical exercise. He wasn't ripped by all means no..This man was broad compact and nothing but strength. ... And with those arms-God. He could pick Sherlock up with ease.  Now is not the time to think about that. He tugged harder at the jumper making John back away.
Sam and Dean came up behind them their eyes glued on the angel .
did you show me !! Where the hell did you even find this !! No you know what I don't even want to kno-"anger filled him,bile was forming in his throat ...Oh god he was going to vomit.  A cold sweat prickled at his skin and his heart-felt like it might implode.
Dean's smile widens to his eyes “ Alright  feel free to stay as long as you like. Common Sammy we should get some sleep to.”
Rage blinded him, his body was shaking. He couldn't read the look on Leeanna's face, he didn't care. Lying and cheating behind his back then coming over in the middle of the night to meet Sherlock. That was over the line -
was...
Slowly he opened  envelope. Pages of what looked like copies from old handwritten book  fell out . John looked over each page of old handwritten notes.
"Come on let's get you out of here .Where do you live?"
" That's Cajuns for you. " Sam said softly almost fondly.
There was something Sherlock couldn't read in John's eyes.
Sherlock nodded .
It's not like the Doctor would say no.
“ Wilby?”
lower ….. he traveled ...down ….down……..
" Yeah fine ... John..." his voice breaks . " Maybe there is another way we can get you home . We don't have to get this grace... that demon might be safer .."
" What trip?" John said confused by the nickname and the whole bloody conversation .  He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and sat down a few seats away from Sherlock. Best to keep his distance.
Something inside clicks . That explains it ... The rape... it made Sherlock frightened of men and sex maybe even sentiment  and love . He didn't want to be hurt or reminded of that night so he  didn't let anyone in emotionally or physically . He stayed celibate and keep people from getting too close . That's why everyone calls him 'the virgin ' because they don't know he was just a …frightened and hurt little boy.
is growing on Mycroft's pillow. His brother deserves a good case a pneumonia.  He wipes his towel across his face to hide the smile dancing at his lips.  He walks   over to the other side of the dance studio to grab his bag . He needed to change before he left . He couldn't just walk into the lab in a  blue leotard. He bent half way  down reaching for his bag when something caught his eye. He glanced up and his inside froze over .
Henry jolted up . Had he fallen  asleep? He took a deep breath and looked around the room. His science equipment was in the same place it was the night before , untouched . Papers crinkled under his elbows as he rubbed the sleep from his face. He felt the five o'clock stubble prickle his palms. He hasn't thought about William Pitt  in 200 years.
Dean was sitting in the large open room at a wooden table. It was covered in stacks of books and papers that looked like they belonged in a museum.    He had a  beer in one hand and a burger in the other. The tall rugged handsome stranger looked up when he heard John's footsteps . "Hay man. We been doing a bit of research since you called. We found a few things. " he patted the seat next to him and pushed a greasy McDonald's bag toward him. " Take a seat , eat , then we can get started.  "
"Ah wait"
Henry couldn't stop the broken laugh that fell from his lips. Unconsciously he ran a hand through his curly hair. “ My god - “ he managed to choke out. “ William Pitt-” he can't take his eyes off of the man in front of him. They stare at each other in disbelief for a long moment the silence drags  on.
“ J-”
Sherlock let out a fake sigh and snuggled as close as the seats would let him to the other man. He felt John tense up again.
happy to see John but to see John take control like that.
“Thank you.... You knew didn't you ? Probably before you even met her.... Thank you for not telling me .... "
another soft freighted cry ...
The steady movement  of his hand. The soft grunts ....it was obvious - and over to quickly.
_________________________
Sherlocks hand moved on its own  faltering ever so slightly he caresses the head with his fingers
Why did John look at Sherlock that way....?
There was only one angel around here and he already socked him in the face - wait -.............
What on earth was he going to do?  He don't  have the self control to fight off this seductive  little bastard.
Soon they were pulling into the bunkers secret garage, the door came up and Dean parked his baby with the other classics cars that lived there.
Before he could change his mind John closed the distance between them.
" He's dead. " the man grunted.
“ I have no idea “ Jo says softly.
Sherlock's phone Chimed. .
Sorry it's been a wile guys lord knows I been wanting to get back into it , but personal life have interfered with alot of my free time.
He let out a soft sigh and looked over to John who was still chatting about cars…
John chuckled softly and made his way  around the store .He was surprised at how -normal it was. He pictured a younger version of Sherlock dragging him to some posh clothing store where a shirt would cost more than his paycheck. This place was reasonably priced and had styles of all kinds. He found a few new jumpers and three nice pairs of jean trousers.   Since he was going to be here a few days he also picked up a few pajamas .
He knows he hit it here after John moved in ; before Lestrade and his group came barging in claiming the drugs bust.
Elizabeth smiles up at him  proudly " No thank you handsome I hope it works for whatever you need it for. " She turned away and headed back to her little blue Volkswagen beetle.
"Wha.." Sherlock started to ask before John wrapped Sherlock's fingers around the base of his cock.. keeping  his hand on top of  of Sherlock's, using  both of their hands to stroke up once...
He moaned at the overwhelming sensations. ..It was to much yet not enough...Johns hand was moving now sending unfamiliar pleasure though his body.... bitting his lips Sherlock angled his his hips, rubbing himself up and down Johns cock, teasing..testing ..feeling the heavy meat between his cheeks.
"I don't know if they can help you Doctor Watson.  The Winchester's may be talented but they have a tendency to cause more problems than it's worth.
"Yes John. It is the langue carved  into the your necklace. It also it happens to be the written language of angels.
"What a beauty. .." He murmured on his way past it .
John laughed a light hearted thing  "
Sherlock stood there blinking .
shoulders collarbone pectorals.
John starting running toward Dean's retreating back . " Sherlock !!" John screamed again . Sam ran his fingers through his long brown hair with a sigh and chases after them.
____________________________
Maybe he should make use of his “deleted” picture of John. He unlocked the device  went to the  gallery and opened the picture of John ....
" Don't treat me like a child!"
"Nn~ s...sherlock...w..wait... "John pulls the younger man's hand away.
John blinked slowly -Okay  he takes it back he is surprised "Vampires ?!?! "
" Keep your voice down Sherlock! " he growled to his brother before slamming the door shut .
John sputtered " Future what!?  No- Sherlock you got the wrong idea. Is that what this has been about ?" He gestures vaguely around to demonstrate Sherlock's actions.  " You think you and I are ..... together ...?" John pauses  the look of disbelief ,hurt and sadness that is sketched into Sherlock face made something deep down inside of  John twist painfully.
When John finds Sherlock..... its a bit not good.
Sherlock just got done with reading out his results from his TSI slants
John nibbled at his bottom lip in thought then nodded .
John twisted his arm up impossibly higher  "Say it like  you fucking mean it !"
When they got to the car ten or so demons came out of nowhere and started after them. Sam shot a few of them  with rapid permission . Dean tossed John some sort of long silver blade. He caught it blindly and when two demons attacked he ducked stabbed the first though the bottom of the chin up though his face blood dripped through the small puncture - he  then spun around and impelled  the other demon in the temple. Just like the first demon they glowed orange and collapsed to the ground.
The Smokey mountains are breath taking and I would suggest to anyone who likes to hike, go . Its so warm for being October. Perfect weather!
The younger man went back to John's neck with  wet open mouth kisses , slowly grazing his teeth over the sweet skin
Sherlock smiled deviously to himself  as  he exited the plane ready to set his plan into motion.
John smiles to himself . He did that. He made Sherlock Holmes happy . John  fixed the day that changed his life forever and Sherlock will never know.
It knocked the wind out of him.
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
"Clear your mind and think of home. I'm not sure where you will end up since I don't have a visual of where you want to go.  So you have to do it . Think of the date, time  and place ." Khoung looked down at John waiting "Close your eyes and get a visual ."
"I wanted to say good bye first Sherlock.  "
*******
John followed the chubby man out of Sherlock's flat with a  very confused Sherlock still attached to his side
Adoration-
It has to be because of his test with the ice pop.
Sherlock took a deep breath.... he could still smell it....God he really has became addicted...... He glanced down at himself his the fabric of this thin pajamas were straining. ...it seems Johns arousal and sweet words got to him....he licked his lips...maybe John was right its best to head to bed...
" Exactly! Something! We are not fighting off a few demons , this thing is not a stone John.  It's a... a. . something..." Sherlock sniffled  back a soft whimper. " Mycroft is never like this ...  he's sending his men.....they are already in America. "
"I see so... "He looked down at John's hand holding the necklace . There is something missing ...something  John could tell he was thinking " where's your cane ?..." John's brows knitt together
_______
John nodded.
Sherlock woke up to the smell of sausage and eggs floating in from the kitchen .
Only Dean laughed.
John was surprised when the man on the ground eyes flicked to  black. Dean was by his side in a flash . The hunter brought a knife down into the attackers chest and pulls it out just as quickly.   The attackers chest briefly glow with orange light, which flickers out as the man screams in agony.  John jumped back away as the man's body slumps to the ground clearly dead.
When the two men notices John, Sam smiles weakly at him then looks back at his brother "let's let him decide.  "
Another three weeks went by since the text disaster as John calls it. Sherlock and John went back to normal. John went to work for a few hours, came back to help Sherlock on cases then went out with Leeanna in his rare free time . When he wasn't  busy they texted and flirted over the phone teasing and sending naughty pictures to each other.
He glances over to where Sherlock was still in his own little world good ...He feels sick with nerviness. God what has he gotten himself into? He has to make this quick. He  carefully he sets his mobile  up on the table.  He spreads his shaking legs , his heart pounding ..if Sherlock catches him he's never going to live this down...
He hasn't been able to stop smiling ,even young Lucas noticed.  Today when the cops found a new body they believed to be connected to the Laxx case. Lucas promised Henry he could work on it in  quiet alone . All in all it's been a lovely three weeks.
Sherlock's setting up a plan
_________________________
No....
Sherlock can be a bit playful
Sherlock looks up at the Winchester's. " I don't know... my brother is never this vague - if this is all he knows about that stone then we need to be extremely careful when we find it. "
Sherlock crossed his arms and fought to keep his face set in stone so the blush he felt creeping up would not show on his cheeks.
John opened the box and read through the list again.  Everything seemed  to be there, the salt , chalk , paint to draw with, bags of herbs , a vial of dark  liquid, John hopped wasn't blood a  few candles and other things he did not recognize.
The tall puppy dog of a man smiles "Yup. There are two beds if your young friend don't feel comfortable being alone .” Sherlock walks past Sam and into John's room toting  his bag behind him . Oh yes he can work with this arrangement. “ Of course I'm sleeping in the same room as John. I won't let him sleep alone with the way America lets their monsters run free."
-he was proud of that V .
Sam's lip pulled up into a boyish grin " It never really stuck. " Dean laughed and bumped  his brothers shoulder playfully.
He opened the message and inside was a picture of John's lower body sprawled out, nothing on but Sherlock's skull friend doing nothing to cover John's modesty.
"Bobby Singer.?" John repeated the name from memory. "You said I need to ask for his number if you can't get me home. "
Henry was about to say something when Lucas started sneering . “ Now wait a second listen here you can just barge in here and start demanding -”
"Wait -! Did you say a demon?? " Sherlock yelp bewildered at how John was so nonchalant about it. " You didn't make the deal did you!??" The boy asked panicked.
Johns eyes widened "Angels  ? Like blokes sitting naked in the clouds with wings and halos? I am having a hard enough time just processing this time travel thing. "John sighed.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow he to had a shot of brandy but not nearly as much as John . He knew they were both  lightweights when it came to alcohol. He lifted his head from his chair across from John “Oh? From what?”
" Hay, where is little platoon?"  Dean asked loudly over the music.
Wilberforce puts his other hand over Pitt’s with  the need to be closer . He listens to the showly pained weak  breaths his friend struggles to make ..
He sucked his bottom lip and nibbled....Eyes glued to the picture . Less than half of his cock was covered by the small red pants John seems to favor. The fabric was straining against the girth....the foreskin was drawn back revealing beautiful shiny wet head that rested near his navel...
He shrugged “ I had no idea who he was . I was desperate for a way home . Khoung gave me an option and I took it. " he said plainly  it worried him though. Why did Khoung have him summon someone like that? Other then the fact Khoung was bat shit crazy. Or maybe he knew the demon ....and perhaps...
Sherlock was digging around in a an old flat on the southern part of London. A dingy little place where no one really comes  beside the homeless and illegals.
"Sherlock "John sighed  when they got up to the checkout line.  The boy tossed three more pairs of gray, blue ,and brown army print cargos with shirts that matched. He  even grabbed a pair of fake dog tags.
For a moment John forgot his dilemma of being stuck in the past -with this jealous young man who couldn't keep his eyes off of him .
Wilberforce feels his heart breaking in his chest as his friends words find their way into his ears he knows the pain is visible on his face but he can't hide it…. This man has done something for him no one in the world could have ever possibly done, and he did it just for him. He helped stop the slave trade.
Once there he gave the firm muscle a squeeze.
____________________________________________________________
Sherlock looked up at the taller man " I didn't know John was a car man."
They stared at each other and erupted into a fit of laughter.
__________________________________
A startled breath leaves the doctors throat and he swats Sherlock hand away . " I'm fine." he  didn't mean to snap but he was starting to trudge in dangerous territory . This was not his Sherlock flirting with him...
They came out of  nowhere.
John jumps , the deep baritone purr floods over him. It feels like so long since he's heard that voice. The older of the two Sherlock's got to his knees next to  the  younger version of himself . Who blushed slightly and  smiled before  parting his lips to run his tongue along John's  calloused fingers still holding his chin.
The detective  froze, eyes wide.  Confused . What had he done wrong?
A shiver ran down the younger man’s spin . Lighting bolts invading his senses, his cock pulsed in his pajama. "J..John" he murmured up to the older man. Their eyes met and they stared at each other for a long moment. Just looking at one another . Deep  blue eyes falling into crystal silver gray-  breathing each other in....  Was this really happening?
Just  this moment.
He scrambles to his phone and out the kitchen not caring if the picture might be blurry. That was horrifying. ..yet exciting. ...thrilling and fun....Knowing that if  Sherlock would have  turned around and seen him spread out on the table using his science equipment as a prop sent a rush though him.
Sam opened the trunk with a chuckle. " If he's anything  like  Dean we won't here the end of it. "
The man holding Sherlock made a run for it  but John stopped him with a  shot at his feet . He yelled  . "Don't move! " They all stop moving fear visible in their eyes.
With just seven strokes he was cuming in his hand with  Sherlock's name on his lips.
" You become a extremely good man Sherlock Holmes.  " A thought crosses his mind . " You and I have the most meaningful relationship that I ever experienced. We are not sexual simply because  you want to wait until marriage ." He pats Sherlock's curls and smiles to himself.
A quiet settled over them...
Henry was surprised by that statement, until he felt something wet slide on his cheek. Quickly he wiped the moisture from his face. " This ?" He said with a laugh . He tried to come up with a reason. How could he explain that dream to his son. "I was just -"  he scrambled for words.
John smiled and grabbed his new jacket slipped it on and followed Sherlock out the door.
- creeps up to the top tag  " slow burn " to the tags.
John jumped "What do you think you are doing ?-!"The older man hissed .
Sherlock licked his lips and turns his gaze toward the older  Winchester.
John lets out a soft affectionate chuckle.  "That don't make you a man . Or any less need of rest . Off to bed with you. "
A voice ? ...It's the same voice calling his name...Somewhere far away but ....it was coming closer...
. The healer’s voice is as vibrant in his mind as always, but her words no longer make him afraid. He realizes that it doesn’t matter if he cannot follow Sherlock on his path, because there is no place in this world or any other that Sherlock could go that John will not find a way to reach him. He
And the server at Sybille’s party.
John wraps his hand around the one on his chest and guides it down to his hip. “Please.” A hoarse whisper is all his can manage. He curls in close, their lips almost touching, his mind now focused and desperate for escape. Desperate to atone for the unforgiveable. “Take me.”
in Sherlock’s world. John smiles at him softly, and motions to a man walking into the room. “Lord Verreuil is here.”
“We did.” The Captain smiles broadly. “He’s going to be fine, already on his way home. Thank you, Sherlock.”
Sebby laughs at the taunt and moves in to attack, this time more wary of James’ reach. For several minutes dull steel clanks together as swords meet and loose soil stirs into the air around quickly moving feet. It ends with James disarmed and on his back, but it could have easily ended the other way around. Sebby puts out a hand to help James up, which earns him a scowl as he gets to his feet. James grabs his sword and they start again.
James watches the kitchen garden of Valerian house until a hapless servant steps outside for a breath. A friendly greeting, an offered drink, and James easily acquires less noticeable clothing. He’ll come in through the front door before the fun is over, but tonight is better served by anonymity. Be silent, be alert, and listen. It is one of the earliest lessons he learned in Tiberium and still one of the most useful. There is no need to hurry into action; he has no intention of disturbing Sherlock’s night. No, tonight he is merely an agent sent to observe.
John sounds tired and guarded, pulling Sherlock instantly back to the present. Back to John as he is, brightness and laughter forgotten. He brings the reel around to a swift ending and lowers his violin as he turns away from the window.
“There is no reason to hurry. Father won’t miss them. Why do you like reading history books anyway? They’re so dull.”
Wine forgotten, John and Sherlock grab their things and head downstairs. Sherlock hails a carriage while John asks Mrs. Hudson about the delivery of the box. Sherlock calls to him, and he assures her everything will be well before hurrying outside.
Sherlock never thought he would have a friend at court, much less consider the heir to the throne as one. Mycroft would have surely laughed at the thought when they were younger. Yet he finds himself sincerely caring about the girl. He can see John’s influence in raising her, and he is impressed with her heart and her quiet strength. She has the potential for greatness, and she trusts him. She also holds a large piece of John’s heart in her hands, and Sherlock loves her for how happy she makes him.
man. Surely he would not consort to this, to murdering and mutilating children? John looks down at the flower on his palm and closes his hand around it. The Muscadet orchard is the closest to the family’s residence. The flowers tend to fall into their private gardens, and anyone entering the orchard would have to go down their personal drive to reach it. The person who took Henri was in either that orchard or those gardens before coming here. That is the only possibility.
“That is a huge number of possible culprits, Sherlock. We lost so many.”
“I promise I won’t go far.”
“I’m sorry that I don’t know how to do this delicately. We don’t have time to be delicate. I need you to tell me why I found this tonight in the room of a kidnapped boy in the city.”
James sits against the trunk of an apple tree, one leg sprawled out in front of him, the other bent in close to his chest. He mindlessly fidgets with blades of grass and leans his head back onto the tree bark. He is early, but he couldn’t bear being in his uncle’s house any longer this morning. His eighteenth name day came and went last week, unnoted except for the increased pressure for him to find somewhere else to be. When his parents died, he was just a babe and his mother’s sister had taken him in out of obligation, but there was no love lost through the years and now that he is a man the obligation has ended.  He is no longer welcome here. He has very little knowledge of where else to go, though. He hopes Sebastian, with his much larger view of the world, will have some ideas.
Each step forward loosens the careful hold he keeps on his memories. Seb always smelled of cider apples and earth. The wind in the grass imitates his breathing, the sun is warm as his skin always was. Sebby’s presence surrounds James here, in the fields where they played at love a lifetime ago and broke one another’s hearts.
Bronze wings beat in Sherlock’s ears.
is home and Moriarty is silent. Nothing else matters today.
He wears the disciplined Casseline as a mask, or perhaps he is clinging to it as an anchor. Either way, John is very much not all right. Of course he is hurting, anyone would be, but Sherlock had severely underestimated the extent of it. He desperately wants to pull him into his arms, to keep him safe and
~ ~ ~
John breathes a sigh of relief and smiles as he takes the last few steps towards home.
“Richard. I never asked for his last name, but the business records would have it.”
~ ~ ~
“What would you have me swear?”
James pauses at the door that leads from a service hallway to the ballroom. He has traded his guard uniform for a servant’s tunic, and he takes a moment to fully immerse himself in the role. He straightens his collar, picks up his tray of wine glasses, and arranges his face into a polite, unremarkable expression. When he opens the door and steps into the ballroom he blends perfectly into the background. No one questions him as he moves slowly through the crowd, observing everything. It’s almost too easy.
“Of course. If you can find this monster, I will help however I can.”
“If you see her again you can tell her the sentiment is mutual.”
pleads, and there is really only one way to respond to that.
At the moment, Sybille is dancing and laughing with a handsome young lord of the realm and she is radiant. Joy lights up her face, and while John knows well enough that one happy night does not mean the end of grief, it is a sign she is finding her way home. She is returning to color and light, and she is bringing Sebastian’s love with her. With purple dahlias on her nameday. Seb would like that.
“And I love her.” He looks at James as he speaks, his voice quiet, defeated. “Sybille de la Courcel. I love you too, you must know that, but she has the lion’s share of my heart and she always will.”
He breathes in the cold air, listens to the quiet of a sleeping palace, and smiles.
James turns and dives into the cold, deep water, letting it close in around him. His heart is pounding in his chest, and it feels like the water on his skin is the only thing holding him together.
“Oh, nothing. I just wanted to meet you properly. I've never met a real Cassiline.” He puts his hand out in front of him eagerly. “Richard Brook, from Namarre.”
Molly looks a bit shaken, but she nods. “I will be. I am staying here for now and I can be more selective about my assignations. I’ll be safe.”
James fights back the tears threatening behind his eyes, determined to not let Sebastian see what this will do to him. “Then I will take my leave.”
“Your Highness.” John bows to the king and smiles. “It’s good to see you.”
Lestrade is in his office with his head buried in paperwork despite the late hour. It seems even a peaceful city is no match for the man’s addiction to his work. He jumps when John knocks on the doorframe. “John! Oh. And Sherlock. What can I help you with?”
He’d had a good day. It seems both of them had. Those happen occasionally, even in the worst of it. That’s why he needs to do this tonight. A night and day of normalcy poured into him like an elixir, filling him with something close to hope. The mystics could help him, and he could be brave. He could fight through anything tonight if it meant getting back to days like today. Back to normal and happy.
. Whoever did this is careful beyond measure, and if I am to find whatever miniscule trail they have left I need to exhaust every possibility quickly and thoroughly. I will breathe when we are done.”
Before John can respond, Mrs. Hudson comes in the doorway with their dinner. She promptly sweeps them over to the table and puts a steaming bowl of beef stew in front of each of them before bustling off to straighten the room while they eat. It’s what she does when she is worried about them, and it’s rather endearing. Sherlock listens as she and John talk happily about her sister’s trip to Aragonia and the neighbor’s niece who just got married, and all manner of happenings in the life of Baker Street. He laughs as she recounts the morning antics of the baker’s son, and glances at John to see him laughing as well. The closest thing to a real laugh Sherlock has heard in a long time.
