Dean lubed up the toy with his own slick and lined it up with his drenched hole and began sliding it inside, hissing at the burn.
Crowley came back in a few minutes and gave him his original files telling him he had to be at the law firm at 1 pm to be prepared for the hearing.
“Hey, kid, I'm officer Jenny Marbles. I am going to take your preliminary statement. What's your name?"
“I’m going to tell my future nephew or niece or nibling ALL about the adventures of Uncle Squirrel and Father Moose”
Dean complied and sighed with relief when Cas’ hands were massaging his scalp. It felt so good to be cared for. Next Cas picked up the sponge and started scrubbing Dean’s body from head to toes, placing chaste kisses in the path of the sponge. Dean was elated, he’d never felt so at peace.
Dean felt pressure building low in his abdomen and knew he was sporting a half hard-on. He deepened his kisses and brought his hands up to cup Cas’ jaw, his thumb caressing his cheek like it was the most precious thing in the world. Cas leaned into the kiss, humming happily, inviting Dean to just take what he wanted, opening his mouth so his tongue could breach inside. Dean hoisted his leg onto Cas, half straddling him, and felt the Angel’s erect length against his thigh. He hummed from the pleasure and pressed his fingers deeper in Cas’ jaw. Arousal was driving him insane, he wanted everything. The Angel grabbed him by the shoulder and squeezed. His left hand was over the place he’d gripped when he raised Dean from perdition all those years before. Their pajamas were miraculously out of the way.
Sam and Eileen were still pressed close to each other, sipping beer and watching some seagulls argue over leftovers.
“Sam is still asleep, despite your singing. Well, I think we should find a motel, there has to be one closer. We need beds. And a shower, even though you cleaned us up.”
“We’re not at the motel anymore….” he told Cas the short version of what happened since he was in rut. The line was silent for a long time until…
They drove in silence, listening to music. When Castiel dropped Dean at the morel the omega was practically floating on a cloud. He got to see his alpha again just the very next day.
Dean heard himself answer. “I’ll manage. I always have.” He felt his face muscles raise in a small smile.
“Then, I’ll have you just like this” and kissed Cas again and again and again until realizing they were both hard again.
Dean bit his lip. He really did write himself in a corner but if the alpha would join he would feel better.
Claire put her hands up “Sorry, sorry, didn’t mean to make it sound like that”, she smiled and patted Dean on the shoulder giving him a grin and a thumbs up. “He’s a catch you know. And anyway all kids want their parents to get along, right?”
Cas was humming the lyrics. Sam tried not to place his confusion on his face. He almost lost it when Dean joined him.
Dean looked Ellen in the eyes and saw only kindness which broke him down. Crying he sagged in the nearest seat and told Ellen about their running away, Creepy Guy and Gabe being in the hospital.
"Well, you're hot as hell and my omega wants your alpha pretty bad," Dean rasped back, his heart beating a mile a minute.
I don't want to spoil things too much but I do ship Destiel as OTP and I hate love triangles and miscommunication so...
The lunch went on fine, laughter across the table. Dean and Cas stole touches under the table and glances above it. Dean tried as much as possible to ignore Claire’s dagger-eyes.
Claire squealed and hugged Cas. “Good for you! I am happy for the both of you! Why doesn’t he want people to know?”
“There, there Becks. How about we skip the third period, get some grub and we’ll talk about this over greasy and cheap food?”
“Fuck, I’m close... I’m going to knot you.” Cas’ voice was ruined and broken, breathing raggedly as he chased his orgasm.
“Sure, alpha.” Dean went and kissed his alpha, choking a bit on the pungent aroma of his cigarettes.
was blaring from the cassette player. Dean was drumming on the steering wheel and singing. They set out early in the morning for the almost 13-hour drive and right now the sun had started setting and they were closing in on their destination. The air was filled with the salty aroma of the sea, and the humidity was clinging to their bodies.
“I’m fine, thank you.” Cas leaned back on the seat, cradling his coffee. He smiled and took his chiming phone out of his jeans pocket. He frowned at the screen and started reading something.
The heavy tobacco and oranges were strong so close and he relaxed, his omega settling down. The alpha purred and nuzzled the top of his head. "I am proud of you." Cas whispered very low so only Dean could hear. The omega straightened and admired Cas' face in the sunlight, finding him gorgeous.
“Dean. Choose a helmet.” The tone was firm, making it clear Cas expected to be obeyed even though Dean could still sense the space allowed for refusal.
“No one came for now but maybe she didn’t stumble upon anything worth the trouble” Dean mused, chewing his inner cheek.
“Kinda, yeah. No… no name, just want you are to me… and your age… and that you own a club but I- I- I didn’t tell them what club. I just wanted to… talk to someone.” Dean could smell his own fear, rotten apples, filling up the space.
Cas breathed on his skin after he let go. Now Dean's omega was truly settled and he heard himself purr. They remained embraced a few more moments.
“Of course not, silly. Look at all the stories we have - Romeo and Juliet, Tristan and Isolda, and many more. It’s the most romantic thing that can happen. One person just for you.”
“Hey, bitch leave the guy alone. He’s a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent, he doesn’t get all these human stuff.”
coffee, it’s a soft drink, but Starbucks is not about the coffee, it’s about the sweet silly drinks and feeling good” Claire shrugged. “That is known as the “cotton candy frappuccino”. I thought you may like it”.
"Sam wants to be a lawyer. He's working really hard to have a good transcript. I am very proud but I do worry he works too much sometimes."
“I had to go to the bathroom. I think we can stay here some more but I was thinking maybe we should tell Ellen?” Sam looked up at his older brother.
Sam laughed and gathered his laptop. Other than that everything was already packed. He had to wait over 45 minutes for Cas and Dean.
“Think of it more as an independent contractor kind of thing. He goes up, helps with the rebuilt. Advises Jack. He’s never gone more than a few hours and he’s already been up there for 2.”
Claire entered the Starbucks with confidence, striding up to the counter. She eyed Cas, “So what do you want to drink?”
“I know, I am, it’s just that… I was expecting to fight against a knothead alpha and when he just rolled with it I became suspicious.”
“Hey, you there… assbutt. Leave the kids alone! Mind your own fucking business!” Dean stopped at a safe distance, taking a fighting stance, feet apart, well planted on the ground. He shifted his body a bit feeling his Colt in his belt and his knife next to his calf. He saw Cas in his peripheral vision, looking bored and relaxed next to him.
They walked in silence for a bit, Eileen tugging big fluffs of candy while Cas was picking small bite-sized bits off his.
“Yeah, keep hoping, Dean. Because if he comes and takes us away again, it’s on you and your stupid omega instincts.” The heat and anger were back in Sam’s voice now, biting hard on Dean.
That night while going to sleep pressed to Cas’ torso Dean started mapping the plan of his coming out to Sam and Eileen.
“And then Amara taught you fencing.” Gabe reminisced. “You looked so dorky in those white pajama pants.”
Dean tried to close the distance and kiss the angel but he moved his head back and tutted. He licked his lips and took Dean fully in his mouth. Dean felt his mind go blank, all white and fell back down in the sheets, groaning. When he was almost over the edge Cas let him go and came back to kiss him. Dean protested but then he tasted himself on the Angel’s lips and that alone almost tipped him over. Cas straddled him thrusting over the hunter’s stomach desperate for friction. Dean helped by getting his hand in there. His own dick was throbbing between their hipbones. He opened his eyes to look at Cas and saw he had his lips parted, eyes half open, glowing with blue-white light. Dean went over the edge first, Cas following after one, two, three more thrusts. They laid there for a bit, panting, completely spent.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean whispers, eyes closed, and nose buried in a bare neck that tastes like sunshine and honey. A hand trails up his back, caressing every bump and notch, and stops at the junction of his shoulder blades, more warmth radiating through him than he’s ever felt before.
“Just unusual, Cassie. You’re usually early, not late. Now, if you’d take the register, I can actually get something done.” Gabriel drawled, his tell-tale smirk on his lips, eyes twinkling with mischief. Cas sighed and traded his favored trench coat with the apron that marked him an employee at “Gabriel’s Coffee; A taste so heavenly you’d think you’d died”
, presses his lips against the smiling ones he’s been craving since the moment he was dragged out of hell.
unrecognizable. In that it’s not Cas. Well it is, but... but it isn’t. The glow behind him is blinding and he’s not even looking at it and he instinctively knows what it is. The rain is pounding on his cheeks, the wind is bitter and cold, and all he can feel is the radiating pressure that threatens to consume him entirely. He doesn’t want to turn around. He doesn’t want to turn around. He doesn’t want to-
His insides squirm at the soft smile Cas gives at the words, and he can see a smidge of the tension and anxiety that the angel had been carrying so tightly loosening its hold a little. Not much, as Dean can still see the tight tilt to his shoulders, but it’s enough to make the coil of emotion inside him loosen a little, too, making it easier to breathe. Metaphorically, of course.
The thunder rolls again, and the heavens open up and down comes the rain. It’s poetic, in a way. He’d spent his life running from moments like these, terrified of having a “chick-flick moment,” and now here he is. In the ultimate chick-flick moment to end all chick-flick moments. Maybe this isn’t Heaven after all. Maybe it truly is Hell.
Nevertheless, he felt the cold infuse in his bones when he set foot out of his door, the bitter wind biting his exposed flesh unpleasantly. No matter how hard he shivered, he never could seem to get the coldness to leave. It was as if the weather outside had invaded his body, flowing through his blood straight into his heart.
“I’m glad to be back though.” Dean whispered, leaning closer to Cas, their foreheads pressed together. “I missed you, Cas.”
And yet, as he drives along this endless road, he thinks that maybe, just maybe, it won’t be so bad now. Now that he doesn’t have that weight holding him down, now that he doesn’t have to worry about the fate of his brother or the world anymore… maybe now he can look at his failures and his pain from a new light. For the first time, he almost feels weightless as he thinks on the road that he has ahead of him.
Cas pauses here again, looking at Dean through his eyelashes almost coyly, like a toddler confessing to a crime. The gaze makes Dean uncomfortable, and so he does what he always does when uncomfortable. He rambles.
“Me? Well. I’ve been driving,” he boasts, finally unable to hold back the snickers at the unimpressed look Sam gives him. He smirks and looks back out at the water before him, shrugging another careless shrug. “I mean it. Time works differently here. While I know that time on Earth has passed, I didn’t really feel it, you know? It just... exists, or some crap. I don’t know, Sammy. All I know is, nothing hurts anymore. All that pain, and rage, and anger, it... it’s gone. Like magic. And yeah, I kind of miss it, like a phantom limb. But this... it’s so much better than I could have hoped for, Sammy. I mean...”
“Uh… cool. I’ll… I’ll come in, I don’t know, tomorrow or something. We can go… somewhere. If you’re, you know. Free.”
He has no idea how long he stares out at the glassy lake before he gathers the strength to stand up and turn around, but it feels like generations have come and gone before he is able to stand on shaky knees and manage to turn around. His phantom heart is racing, and his false breath is shuddering as he tries to crush the hope that is beginning to flow through him with reckless abandon.
Still, despite this moment of weakness, there’s nothing exactly new about the moment itself. It’s not even the first time he’s spoken to Castiel, the fallen angel he’d lost before he’d ever really had him. Nor is it even the most passionate or desperate he’s been, as he can distinctly remember screaming to the endless sun what must have been decades ago, begging Cas to come and end this, cursing a love that he doesn’t even know if he feels or not. He thinks that he should know what he feels by now, after all this endless time, but everything is so jumbled up inside him that he can barely tell up from down anymore. Sometimes, he wonders if this was the other shoe that has dropped. If this anticipation is the thorn in the lion’s paw, the hidden punishment in the eternal reward. He wishes Bobby had never told him about Cas. He thanks the stars that Bobby had told him about Cas.
“Only if it’s pathetic that I feel the same. Honestly, Dean, you’re one of the only people who speaks to me longer than it takes to order their drink. Gabriel says it’s because I’m too… intense.” Cas shrugged slightly, as Dean looked at him with barely concealed wonder.
“Wow. That, uh. That’s a neat story there, Cas. And, uh. How long did that take? A month? A year? ‘Cause, uh. I think it’s been quite a bit longer than that, don’t you?”
“No! Screw that, Cas, and screw you, too! What the hell did you expect from me, man? What the hell did you expect?! You fucking... you told me that for years, you’d been lying to me. Keeping secrets from me. And then, then you told me that the only way out was for you to die, t-to fucking... and then y-you- you told me- told me that you lo- fuck I can’t. I can’t. And then, then you were fucking
“I… I miss you, man. Please… please, Cas. If you’re listening… if you ever cared for me at all… just… come back. Please, Cas. I can’t keep going like this, it’s agony. Even if it’s just to tell me to fuck off, I need something from you, man. Don’t I deserve that much? After everything? Cas. Castiel. Just… dammit. I’m turning into a teenage girl, Christ.”
Still, seeing the ones he’d lost along the years, the ones he’d failed or gotten killed... it should be bittersweet, painful even. But all he feels as he watches the ones he loves gathered together, finally, after all these years... he can’t describe it, but it sure as hell ain’t bad.
The silence stretches between them, no words needed as they stare off the bridge, seconds passing into years passing into eons as they allow themselves to finally exist together in a way they never seemed to be able to when they’d been alive. Dean can feel the years melting off Sam as they stand together, the same tension that had taken Dean decades to shake finally starting to wane in his baby brother. Maybe if they stand there for another thousand years, that tension will finally be gone for good. For both of them.
The startled laugh Cas gives is as incredible as it’s always been, and he would lean up to chase the sound, but that means moving from this spot, and he never wants to do that. Ever.
A few moments passed before Cas got up. Dean looked up at him with his broken bloodshot eyes, following him as he went around the table to sit beside Dean. Cautiously, slowly, Cas put his hand on Dean’s back, too unsure to do anything else but knowing he had to do something.
It’s the family they’d never had, back on Earth. The family they should have had but had been cruelly taken from them. The sun never sets here in heaven, the need for sleep never comes, and Dean never has to worry that when he closes his eyes, he’ll never have this again.
“Because I love you. Because I am fucking in love with you, alright?! I wasn’t... I wasn’t supposed to be. I was never... I didn’t want to be. But I am. And I have no fucking idea how to move on from that. So that’s why, Cas. That’s why.”
The silence becomes deafening as the minutes pass, hours and days and weeks spanning this single second of time. He doesn’t know how long it’s been when he feels Cas stand, his lithe body flitting around the table as he takes cautious but measured steps closer to where Dean is standing. He doesn’t turn around. He can’t. If he does... he can feel his fists clench tighter, the pressure building within him like dynamite. He knows that if he turns around now, he’ll do something he knows he will regret. He’s just not quite sure which
“It was the truth, Dean. You… shine.” Cas responded lamely, feeling his own cheeks heating up. Dean nodded absently, as he studied the table.
Stepping back from the counter, he quickly filled up a cup of Gabriel’s signature black coffee, with one cream one sugar. He then went to the display case and took out a blueberry scone, still warm from baking.
“Cut the crap, Cas,” Dean interjects, his body standing without his brain telling it to. The wide-eyed look the angel gives him makes a shot of satisfaction rush through him, that age old anger and heartache finally rearing its ugly head. Such feelings shouldn’t exist here, he knows that. Figures he’d be the one to beat the odds. With a twisted scowl, Dean turns away from the table, scrambling off the bench and stalking over to the lakeside once more. He feels too restless to be cooped up on a too small bench with an endless ocean of space between him and the angel he once would have gladly died for.
The table that manifested is a plain wooden one, with no bells and whistles attached. It’s the same kind of table he’s seen at countless parks and community centers (though a hell of a lot cleaner), and while it’s such a simple thing, it makes him feel almost nostalgic. He takes a seat and tries to calm the roiling emotion inside of him as he sees Cas take a seat across from him out of his periphery.
Hey all! Just wanted to say that I've changed the title of this story, from Smile to Bravado. I was torn on which name to use initially, and after some debate, I decided to change it. I like the song Smile and think it fits, but I think Bravado works better both as a title, and as a paring song. I will delete this "chapter" in a couple days, I just wanted to give an explanation as to why I've changed the title up.
He’d decided to go out on a drive some time earlier and had stopped at the lake he’d grown attached to, skipping stones on the perfectly still water. It’s a peaceful lake, a place he likes to go to clear his head, though it’s been increasingly less and less helpful.
“So… do you, like it?” Dean asked after a moment passed, his expression anxious. Cas waited a beat, before reaching over and kissing him deeply.
He pauses here and listens to the distant rumble of thunder in the air, a flash of lightning crashing down across the lake. Maybe it will rain after all. He continues speaking, his lips frozen in that mockery of a smile, shrugging carelessly. He contemplates lying, but maybe he’s tired of lying. To himself, to others. To Cas.
“I think you’re right, Cas. You never did know me. And I never fucking knew you. Because I absolutely am this fucking cruel.”
The words strike something within Dean, and he can’t help but see that moment in his mind’s eye, see the bright blue eyes drowning him with their sorrow and joy and
“Yes, Dean,” Cas gasps, words bright and happy and warm, “we got there. We’re here. You and me. We’re here. And I swear to you, Dean. I swear that I’m never letting you go again. Not ever again. I promise. I promise.”
And if anyone is confused as to why it took Cas so long to return to Dean, the way I see it, he was, well... afraid. I hope it made sense in context of the story, but I'm not quite sure I nailed that part of this story. Also, he decided to show up at that moment because Dean called it his "punishment," and Cas fully realized then just how upsetting it all was to Dean. Or something.
He didn’t see Dean the next day. Nor the day after. Cas had tried not to get worried, but after a week had passed with neither hide nor hair, Cas bypassed worried and fell straight into concern. He knew it was probably irrational, but Dean had never went a week without at least stopping by the shop and Cas like to think that if he had decided to just stop going there, he’d at least mention it. But he couldn’t find out if anything was wrong, not without looking like a stalker. So instead, he kept his concern to himself, the little nettle of fear ever present.
The energy builds behind him again and he knows Cas is moving closer. He wants to move away again, to run and run and run and run, but he doesn’t. He stands his ground, like he always has, stiff as a pole and mind numb, and lets the roiling energy wash over him. He wishes he were a bigger coward.
“I know, Sammy. I know. But I’m here. And so are you. My heaven is finally complete and now we can finally see everyone again. Together. It’s over. We’re done. We can finally rest, Sammy. We can finally rest.”
), content and satiated and glowing. He feels Cas move against him, the warmth that fills him swelling impossibly larger, the legs tangled with his pressing tightly back as a rumbling hum radiates up and down his body so beautifully that he wants to cry again. He doesn’t and lets the hand that is lazily running through silky black strands tighten and pull that beautiful face closer.
However, knowing that he’s been there all along, watching and observing and caring... it galls him. He doesn’t believe Cas when he says he’s just been too busy, just hasn’t noticed the passage of time. Dean has, after all. Maybe not the same as he would have while alive, but he knows that time has passed. Knows that years have been coming and going on Earth. After all. He’s felt that aching nothingness inside him growing deeper and deeper as the seconds passed, has felt it try to consume him.
“I missed you, man. I fucking... I missed you. So goddamn much it hurt. You were gone, and I had to keep going like I always did, because if I didn’t it was all in vain. I had to pretend it was fine, pretend nothing had happened, but how the fuck could I just move on? Here... things aren’t supposed to hurt, here. It’s not supposed to ache. And for a while... for a while, it didn’t. I was happy. Content. I had Sammy, and mom, and dad, and Bobby, and everyone I’ve ever failed. We were happy. I was happy. But, fuck, Cas... I could never get rid of that ache. The feeling that something was missing. That I... that I wasn’t complete. That there was something
Dean laughs, then, a full body laugh he’d not experienced in such a long time he’s almost surprised he even remembers how.
(He ignores the pain that the thought causes him and just clenches his fists tight. So much for pain not existing here.)
(Because it’s not like he hasn’t tried, alright? He has. Day and night doesn’t exist here, but if it did, he thinks that not a day goes by without him sending a silent prayer up to a being he doesn’t even know is listen, both consciously and unconsciously. If there’s one downside to having so much time ahead of him, it’s that he has an infinite amount of time to contemplate the life he had lived and see the obvious things he had once pushed down, too afraid of losing something he could have had but could never bring himself to admit he wanted. Too insecure to even contemplate the idea of deserving it. Too self-hating to admit the truth of his feelings.)
When he left, Dean had told him he didn’t know how long he’d be gone. The previous evening, though, he’d gotten a call from Dean, asking to meet him after the shop closed. He’d agreed, feeling both fear and elation as he thought of seeing Dean again. Part of him wondered if he remembered what the day was.
As his words hang in the air, he looks back at his baby brother and watches as he nods his head slowly, his hair moving in a nonexistent breeze, the words sinking in as the eons pass. And, finally, Sam smiles.
Silence blooms between them again as they stand along the lakeside, the air still and perfect like always. Dean misses the breeze. He’d never truly appreciated it while he’d had it. Funny, how life works. Or, well. Unlife.
“It, it wasn’t that big of a surprise, I guess. The way the old man drank, I’m surprised it hadn’t… hadn’t happened sooner.” Dean continued, eyes focused on the cup in his hands. Cas said nothing, knowing that the best thing he could do was let Dean speak.
And it’s good. He can’t argue that it’s not good, it must be good being here, surrounded by the love and affection he’d been denying himself his entire life. Here, bathed in eternal sunlight, the darkness banished from setting foot in such a sacred realm. Here, where he never has to worry about losing his brother, losing his parents, losing himself. Here, where he can finally be free and at peace. It must be good here, he knows it. He
Almost all of the lost angels had at last returned home, all except one. Cassie was still being held in Hell, with Dean, where he was being treated like a pet. Lucifer shuddered every time he thought back to the look in his little brother’s eyes, full of love and admiration. He had felt that same love when he had been possessing the young angel, and it hurt him to see that love being taken advantage of. Cassie deserves better, so much better. He doesn’t deserve to be treated like some dog, he deserves to be happy. And for that to happen, Dean would need to be human again. Lucifer quietly started to formulate a plan as he went on his daily hike through nature, accompanied by Gabriel.
“Well, the mark would be idle again, which would open up the…nevermind that, she’s gone. I don’t know…” Samandriel noted, once again proving themself to be smarter that they looked. The three of them exchanged some looks. “I guess it could work,” Gabriel noted. “We just need to find a way to cure Dean,” Samandriel added. Lucifer already knew the answer to that one, “Sam Winchester’s gotten pretty good at that, we should probably ask him. He’d want to know about this anyway.”
He felt Gabriel’s hand on his shoulder and heard his brother’s voice next to him, “I’ll go with you,” and still he could barely believe it. Gabriel, was agreeing to help him, after everything he’d done…
“Alright, time for the littlest angel to go back home,” Dean said as he clapped Samandriel on the shoulder and pushed him towards Lucifer, “Now scram!”
The archangels drag their little brother all the way to the infirmary, where they tie him to one of the beds using the chain that is still attached to the collar around his neck. It’s a temporary solution, and while Gabriel goes out to search for something a bit more permanent, Lucifer goes to work on the collar. It looks like it’s mainly composed of iron, which would make it pretty easy to break. Gabriel returns, holding box in his arms, which he drops onto the bed and starts rummaging around. Lucifer leans over to peek inside the box. It’s filled to the brim with engraved handcuffs and ropes of all shapes and sizes. After searching around for a few minutes, they finally managed to produce 4 pairs of enochian handcuffs and a short leather head strap, also engraved with enochian symbols. When Cas in finally, properly tied down, Lucifer makes short work of the collar, tossing it aside as soon as he’s removed it.
The demon gets up and holds out a hand, helping me up after I take it. It doesn’t let go of my hand as it leads me out the door and down the hallway, I wonder where we’re going, as I look around I catch glimpses of other doors, I wonder what’s behind those. We enter a small room, the demon holding the door open as I walk in. It’s dark at first but the demon quickly turns on a light, revealing the contents of the room.
They continue their search, combing through the entirety of Europe before ending up somewhere in Siberia, where they finally find Freya, living in a small hut deep in the wilderness.
They stayed like that for a while, Dean fidgeting with his foot on the ground. The tension was palpable. They were making big decisions, all alone.
"Mama, we need to speak to you. Now, I think it would be best if the kiddo came to the bathroom with me so we could wipe the distressed scent a bit."
Cas nodded and opened the door. A stout beta was waiting for them, clad in an expensive black three-piece suit. He had the air of someone who could convince you to buy rusty old nails and would sell his own mother for an advantage.
The pressure on his chest was slightly lifted. Sam could breathe, but couldn’t form words for almost a minute.
Dean coaxed Sam into walking up but when the young alpha understood what was happening he could barely contain his excitement. The drive wasn’t long and Dean was relieved to see the building was in the same school district so their high school and middle school could remain the same.
“I don’t know yet, but Cas’ rut should be over tomorrow and we can’t stay here anymore so until I can get ahold of Cas we’re living in the Audi. Come on, shake a leg, Sammy.” He threw some clothes at him and the young alpha started dressing fast.
“Hey you missed a spot” Dean poked his brother on the back with ice from his cocktail and laughed when Sam jumped.
glare on Dean. Dean sunk a bit more into the bed, as if that could save him. Cas returned to neatly folding his clothes. Dean decided there was one way to make it up to his angel. He crept behind him and started nibbling on Cas’ neck just where his hair ended. His arms went up to remove the trench coat. Cas shrugged him off.
C. I am going to have a tougher schedule at work these next two weeks so posting may be slower but your love for this story keeps me going so I will write every chance I get.
“Nothing, just uhm, lost something in the room, but I found it!. I got to go to my new job and I made you breakfast.”
“Ok, Ok, you’ve made your point Dean. I solemnly swear to never remind you how actually old you two” She took a gulp of beer. “So when’s the wedding?
“Yeah, I know I said that but you can’t really get intoxicated. If I’d downed that Hugo like that I’d be singing sea shanties right now.
"All our families know about the Bratva even if not everyone is a member. Yes. Just.. don't tell him anything that can put anyone in jail, okay? Don't tell him I am the head,” Cas frowned, concentrated.
After a quick shower, he got dressed and moved to the kitchen to get started on breakfast. Sam walked past him in his running shorts, shouting a “good morning” and a “bye” one after the other and he was gone. Dean muttered to himself about respect and manners while he searched for the instant coffee. His phone started ringing and his heart skipped a beat. It was Cas.
Cas pressed his cheek on Dean’s and caught his ear lobe in his mouth, sucking on it. He whispered, hot air tickling Dean’s ear “I know, I know. It’s fine,”
Uriel and Hannah laughed but Balthazar fixed them with a death glare. "That leader might overhear you, Zach. Dean, have a seat. The Avtoritet will join us momentarily." The smile fell from Zachariah's face. Dean nodded a thank you to Balthazar. "This -" Balthazar gestured toward the brunette beta "- is Meg, our nurse, and flaying specialist and this is Yelena, tactical operations."
"Yeah...uhm…. My name is, erm, Robert Bonham." He prayed to the gods that he choose the Led Zep inspired ID.
"Okay… good". Crowley shuffled some paperwork. "So this means we need to get an emergency motion for emergency guardianship of you two minors. I would suggest Mr Novak file an 'intent-to-mate' form for the minor Dean Winch-"
“You’ve read Chuck’s books?” Cas had to admit defeat. He couldn’t mend it anymore. “Dean didn’t want to tell anyone, I am trying to respect his wishes, please let us change the subject”
. His mind was baffled by the notion. The judge looked through the documents that Crowley had brought forward. “So, what happened?”
"Okay”, Dean perused the menu. “I’ll take sunny-side-up eggs and sausages.” Cas placed the orders and turned back to Dean. “I was a bit… stressed,” the omega continued. “Sammy is out of town where I can't reach him fast. He's got a girlfriend, a nice omega from his class. The father came up in my face, all like, "can your brother control his wolf? did his alpha father give him the talk?" and all that. Dude didn't even want to talk to me because I am an omega but I stood my ground. I told him Sam was fine and that he was given "the talk"."
“You know the True Mates provisions - he can mate you then he can take custody of both of you, it would be all done in half a day. Why go with this route since it takes much longer?”
They snuck back into the school and went on with their day. During the next break, Dean went to the bathroom near the gym, locked himself in a stall and texted Cas, asking how he felt. He received a lengthy text from the alpha and whimpered reading it as it turned out the rut was still going strong despite suppressant pills and Cas was feeling ill. The good news was that Gabe was stable albeit still unconscious. Dean asked if he could help in any way but the alpha assured him he was taken care of by Meg and Benjamin.
Crowley stopped his doodling to look at Dean, evaluating him. “You are quite something to behold, aren’t you? Now, did you bring the documents I need?”
Mr Moore looked at him with weighing eyes. "It's not that. I…erm, I work at Pup Protective Services."
“And I’m Batman” he deadpanned. “ You’re not Gabriel. I ain’t giving you shit, Also where is Gabriel?”
“That mosh pit. I tripped on nothing and I couldn't get up. You were right. Thank you for coming with me and looking out for me”
“We are highly compatible as a mating pair - I mean biologically speaking - both of us react to each other's scents by relaxing. Apart from that you are much younger and I am a mature alpha - the pheromones I give out are stronger than a 19-year-old’s and at the same time your olfactory cortex and your prefrontal one are still developing and at your age and right now they are the most susceptible to pheromones. Sensitivity to pheromones is weakest in the unpresented then it starts raising up, it peaks at about 17-19 then it stabilizes at a lower level for most of one’s life. You’ll probably form a scent bond with me before I form one with you. Your Omega scent and pheromones on the other had are stronger then those of an Alpha of the same age - an omega's scent matures faster.“
"No, my downstairs neighbour. Come on, make it a selfie," Cas moved his head in an inviting motion so Dean scrambled to get to his side.
The leader started laughing. “Oh my, this pair of fucking fairies thinks they’ll take us down, now isn’t that funny.”
“You should… let her do her thing, Dean. She’s been at it for months and no one came asking questions. I think it’s her way to process grief.” Kevin was playing with his food absent-mindedly.
“I want us to communicate openly. We’ve kept too many things unspoken. I want to hear you voice what you want.” Cas pinched a bit harder on.
Dean made a short time of the task and soon he was back on his journey with the rubble securely attached to the same chain that had the amulet Sam gave him.
Dean marched inside his room and locked the door from the inside. He was hit with the desperate acidic smell of pup fear. He didn't expect his young alpha brother to smell like a distressed pup after he presented. Dean's omega instincts kicked in and he followed the scent to find his kid. He was pumping out protective omega pheromones.
"Miss Henshaw is an adult and she is engaged to be mated. That is different, Mr.Winchester. Those are her fiance's claim on her.".
They talked a bit about everything and nothing until Castiel joined them. The alpha kissed Dean, then shook hands with Sam.
The bell rang, calling the students back for the final two periods. Dean was thrilled to learn all four had the same classes. He sat in the back with the rest of the Misfits - little did he know we had officially become one himself now.
“It’s so stupid. All of it. We won but I ain’t feeling victorious. You’re dead”. Dean focused on the music again. It was a slow rock ballad, and a guy with a velvety voice was singing.
Dean received two photos. One featured an orange cat laying in what must have been Cas' lap and the other had a grey cat with green eyes licking the foam from a latte.
“Hm. It’s a kink I did not expect to have but I did like it. We can use it whenever we feel like it. As for the phone sex, it would not have happened outside of my rut." Cas was drawing circles on Dean's back with his thumb. "This…. is going a bit faster than I wanted, but I don’t think of it as a mistake. It was beautiful. I guess I can’t take it back now. But still… no actual sex, I want to wait for that.” Cas pressed a kiss on the top of Dean’s head.
“Oh and before I forget the reply is time-sensitive. He has to have the reply in 30 minutes or it will cost us a lot of money,”
“Yeah, kinda, but I don’t remember all that stuff about brain chemistry. I’m not the smart one” Dean laughs.
“You’re kind of insolent.” Brad all but snarled at Dean. Becky looked horrified and tried to apologize to her friend without words, her eyes apologetic and wide.
Dean completed the damn thing to the best of his knowledge, skipping phone numbers and home addresses but listing Heaven as a place of employment. He handed the form to Ms Ketchum who only read the first fields and said no.
Benny walked Dean to his next class, both youngsters laughing, and taking comfort in their friendship.
The morning was filled with an undefined tension, the radio was playing some Billie Eilish song. Sam did callisthenics in the small motel space to make up for skipping the morning run. Dean plated breakfast and grabbed his mug filled with instant coffee.
“Nikita is my pastry specialist, please don’t break his arm Dean-o” another voice with a softer Russian accent chimed in.
They stayed like that, embraced, watching the ocean together for a few more minutes before they decided they should head to breakfast.
Crowley looked between Cas and Dean and with a dramatic twist of his wrist removed a handful of forms from the table.
“I like speaking clearly there is nothing wrong with using correct terms for actions. I would say it’s best.” Cas came closer and placed his hands on Dean’s hips. He kissed the hunter on the corner of his lips. Dean moved his head and Cas kissed him again on the lips. “How do you want to do anal sex?”
Dean smiled and drank more of the bitter tea. He didn’t even notice the shuffling of angel feet when Cas entered the room.
“Are you even Cas? Or where you tricking us from the begi….” His words were cut off by increasing pressure.
"Nothing about you is stupid. Do you want to tell me? I don't want to trigger you ever again but I need you to tell me what it was."
"Do you want to go to Tolstyy Chlen tonight? Gabriel asked me to dinner." Cas put a grounding hand over Dean's.
“Yeah, I mean… are you gay or… bisexual? Do you like men and women or just men? You kissed Meg and… uhm you had that thing with the reaper when you were human.”
Dean pulled the high-neck down, exposing a few. “So tell me, alpha, do you feel like going feral from seeing my claimed neck? Because that is what those prudes said.”
“I didn’t mean it, babe.” Dean smiled but he was rolling his eyes internally. “Finish your breakfast, Sammy, we gotta get going.”
Dean suddenly didn’t know what to do, now that Cas was actually there. He was hypnotized by the intensity in Cas’ eyes. He was lost in those blue eyes. Should he just say the three words now, to his face? Should he lean in and kiss Cas? Should he just move the car since it was in the middle of the interstate?
“We need to know the alpha would not be a liability in a room filled with other alphas and hormonal omegas. You can either submit the form for approval or can come alone”
Dean cleared his throat. “Yes, ma’am”. He did exactly as the cop instructed knowing he needed to tread carefully. How was this his life?
Cas took a moment to compose himself. "You said you've never been with an alpha, either male or female"
“Always” Claire chuckled before turning back to the angel “I missed you Cas. When Sam called me to tell me that… you clocked out I was… I couldn’t believe it. I cried for days. I thought some shifter was messing with me when your name popped up on my phone two weeks ago. “
Dean rinsed his mouth and started going towards the bed but he stopped halfway there. He spotted Baby through the curtains. Silently as to not wake Sam, Dean got dressed and left the motel room. Driving calmed him down. Just him and Baby on the open road. He started the car and before long he was cruising the interstate, head empty. Well, almost empty – Cas’ face kept floating in front of him.
Dean pushed the guy against the wall growling, eyes omega-gold in his anger, his inner wolf chanting
“Cas is not the only one that cares for you and can help you. I am telling you I can help. What happened?” Ellen leaned on the counter.
"Well you get to have fun with Jessica, sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G in DC, I get to do the same." Dean singsonged.
It was sunny outside. Dean stopped short of the car then ducked back in the house to get his sunglasses.
The omega got up and began gathering their things as well as getting the duffle bags. His foggy brain worked out a plan, he was going to make it, damn it, but they had to leave tonight.
“I did my job, alpha. My phone was on Airplane mode that's why you couldn't call me. I took pictures. I think it’s easier if I showed you?”
“That omega fell, he was shot in the guts. I did first aid during, erm, summer camp back in, erm, Kansas. I think I reacted by instinct, I just… went for it - put the guy against a hard surface, apply pressure… he saved my life by pushing me down.”
“I saw the news about the shooting. You… you. I am not going to tell you what to do, I am not your parent, but Dean this is the mafia. They get people dead. Cas is the same if not worse.”
“Maybe it was like armor.” Dean’s features softened some more and Cas lifted his gaze to bore in the other one’s eyes. “I had that leather jacket I’d always wear, it made me feel cool and strong and maybe a bit dangerous. You don’t need armor anymore, Cas.”
“Cas, buddy. Can you clean up the blood from our clothes, so we don’t look like Tom Hanniger exiting the mines?”
“Okay, skipping 3rd period it is.” They hurried over to the other part of the high school to slip in the parking lot through the broken fence.
“I’ve never felt this happy in all my eons of existence. You complete me, Dean.” Cas leaned in to press another kiss but Dean had straightened out and was on high alert all of a sudden which made Cas extend his grace to gauge their surroundings. They were alone in the room. Cas could sense Sam in the one next to them to the left while on the right the room was empty.
"We should get tested for STDs," Cas petted his thighs in a reassuring manner, his scent filled with ripe oranges and tobacco.
“Well… it’s presentable now." Benny put his hands on his hips, looking around the room and scenting the air.
Dean's own cock was at full mast now and he stroke himself a few times to take some of the edge off.
“I never knew why he stopped leaving us with you.” Dean missed all the summers that never were, and as he thought about it he felt tears forming.
A wailing sound, a sound not coming from the human body but the wolf within erupted from the omega as she clung tighter to her pup. The keening scream had Dean’s hackles rise and he felt his aggression rise to
UPDATED NOTE 12 OCT - I have two funerals in one week, yesterday was one, tomorrow is another so Chapter 20 is going to be delayed. I am sorry but IRL is just... a bit too chaotic right now
“He… fuck." She looked astounded. "Brad told me that if he ever smelled me when he’s in rut he’s going to take what is his.” Becky scoffed, shaking her head in frustration.
“Come on, Benny." Dean pleaded, flailing his arms - Benny was putting him in an impossible position.
"We'll need more details in court but the first emergency is drawing the paperwork and filing today while we still can. Excuse me, I'll have the interns draw up the motion."
The fat cock joke is inspired by a fic I read a while ago but I cannot, for the love of anything good, remember much of the plot or the name. It was Destiel (ofc) and Gabriel had an Italian-inspired restaurant called something with coglioni (balls). I am not 100% if the Karen joke was also made in that fic. If anyone knows the name please tell me and I will link it in the notes. Ty
Rosy-cheeked the omega did just that, pouring a generous amount of the floral smelling stuff in the stall. Benny came with his full water bottle and splashed water on the floor. Dean began mopping and soon the room was filled with the sterile pungent smell of the disinfectant. The alpha climbed on the toilet in one of the other stalls to crack open a window. Dean scrubbed the stall wall and started making his way with the rest of the room.
Dean woke up on Saturday with live wire in his guts, gripping Sam tighter in an instinctual protective manner. Today he had the recon mission and he was
"He probably always got away with it, being a cop and all. Let him rot." Charlie crossed her arms and eyed Kevin.
Once home he ignored Sam and his questions and tracked down the school records in his duffle bag. He also got the scant medical records they had that showed missed vaccinations and health checks. Sam huffed and muttered something about Dean being sensitive and went back to his room. Once Dean had all the documents he needed he left for the law firm.
Sam and Eileen entered the kitchen to find Cas setting the table and Dean flipping the last pancake. Eileen squealed with joy and immediately dragged three pancakes on her plate. She thanked Dean in sign language.
“I used to go running for about 30 minutes in the mornings and I had 2 training sessions for fencing per week. I also practiced daily at home for about one hour.”
“We won’t have to walk very far, our room is just… ours” Cas replied absent-mindedly while toying with the straw. He was thinking about judgemental assbutts, remembering the ebbs and flows of Dean’s soul while he rebuilt him. As beautiful as he is Cas did remember shadows and pains inflicted upon that soul and not by Hell. His mental ramblings were interrupted by Claire’s reaction.
The carnage was even more obvious from his standing position. He could also see the dead barista behind the counter. That made 8 bodies. The crying omega uncurled and dared to look around, her pup still in her embrace, face smooshed in her chest.
“You’re in shock. Go home. Eat something, drink water. Think about this when you have a clear head.”
"You don't want to do that." Creepy Guy moved his jacket and Dean saw an NYPD badge on the guy's belt. "Release me, now."  He growled.
The sun was right above them, heating up the car. Led Zeppelin was playing softly. Cas was watching the scenery change and Dean… Dean was daydreaming about getting out of the life. He pictured himself and Cas just sipping coffee on a porch somewhere, enjoying each other’s company, talking about sweet nothings. He could open a bar or maybe join a mechanic’s shop. Even Jody joked that he’d make a pretty good sheriff and Charlie did sponge their identities well enough. Why not? He didn’t have to do this forever. He was tired. A low rumbling in his stomach reminded him he had been driving for a couple of hours and it was almost noon. He took his phone out to call Sam.
“Good job, Dean,” Cas told him, a happy alpha scent filling the room. The omega preened and arched towards the other man. Cas cupped the back of his neck. “I need to talk to Yelena and Zachariah. Wait for me in the lounge.”
"I was down here next to the counter so I couldn't see well. I just saw the three guys drop dead, one by one."
Dean found Cas easily enough. He was sitting alone at a table near the back of the restaurant but facing the front. The table was set for two and there was one single menu on it. When Dean got close enough he could see Cas was reading a Russian newspaper.
“My mum died when I was 4 and Sammy was 6 months old. It was a house fire. Dad gave Sammy to me, told me to run and he went after mum. He didn’t get to her in time. The firemen got him out. Well… Dad swears there was a man with yellow eyes in the house that night. He thinks that man started the fire. Dad became a bounty hunter to search for him,
The diner was a success. The buns were utter perfection and Dean was right to buy the 000 flour. The burgers were one of the most sinful Sam ate, and Dean thought he’d never see the day his brother would make such sounds at a burger. Cas even noted Dean’s burgers were superior and he’d eat them again. Eileen went for a third slice of pie after she ate a huge burger. Dean was over the moon. He just had to say three words “
, and I’ll drag you to Purgatory and leave you there. Hell wouldn’t be much of punishment with your friend Rowena in charge.”
Benny smiled wide and went to his truck. Dean hoped the guy wasn’t getting his hopes up. He liked the alpha as a friend. The fact that his scent had a similar soothing effect like Cas’ was a bit confusing but ultimately, in his head and in his heart, he knew who he belonged to. That person was Castiel Novak.
". Castiel released him, turned, and left. Dean was reeling after everything, confused and angry. Meg left with Garth, fussing over his broken nose. Dean wasn't sure which one of them hit Garth but guilt flooded him anyway. He’d have to apologize to his boss.
“Dean.” The alpha voice broke through his blood lust haze and the omega straightened to see Cas going through the man’s laptop with a piece of duct tape and a pair of socks next to him. “We don’t want other renters talking about screams coming from here.” Cas moved towards the paedophile and scented him. “I still don’t smell fear on you. Hm. You’re resilient, but don’t...worry” - Cas growled out the next words - “I’ll scent your fear… then I’ll kill you.” With Creepy Guy weekly trying to fight him off, Cas shoved the pair of socks in the guy's mouth, gagging him, then passing duct tape over his mouth. The alpha proceeded to zip tie the guy’s arms and legs rendering the man immobile and relatively easy to carry.
“Good thing you came, Cas. There were more vamps than we anticipated. We would have been overrun. Thanks, buddy” Dean patted Cas on the back, between his shoulder blades. He left his hand there and, absent-mindedly bumped his shoulder with Cas’ in a weird, incomplete, side hug. Sam turned his head in confusion watching the awkward interaction.
Dean pulled up to the diner at 9 am sharp. Through some miracle of the gods, he found a parking space close enough so he wasn't too late. Inside, he easily found Cas. His alpha sat towards the back of the diner with his back to the kitchen, watching the front door.
Lunch was a bit of an awkward affair. Becky kept throwing glances at Dean, clearly stressed out. Dean decided not to mention their encounter on Saturday. He grabbed her in a one-armed hug, allowing her to scent him. She relaxed a bit.
Ishim tutted and finally extended his hand and brought it over Dean's wrist. He traced the omega's hand before taking the envelope.
” one of the assailants yelled at the other but fell immediately after, a gunshot wound to his forehead.
“Yeah, but that’s more a guest room. I mean you could have it and we’ll make another room the guest room.”
Cas rolled his eyes at that but he answered him in an even tone “Brain wavelengths, Dean. They are different and I can sense them. I know when you’re dreaming or in deep sleep or having a nightmare or are awake. Sensing wavelengths is NOT the same with reading the thoughts.” Cas turned his head and kissed Dean on the lips.
but every time he thought there was a moment he just waited so long, dry throat and cracked voice that the moment faded as the conversation moved along. Dean felt Cas’ hand stroking his thigh fondly, reassuringly, and Dean knew Cas had his back.
“No. He asked what was bothering you and I told him you were worried, nothing more. He did that on his own.”
They talked about hours and job description next, Dean choosing to have Mondays and Tuesdays free while working evening shifts Wednesdays to Fridays and a morning shift on Saturdays. Dima would draw up the documents and Dean and Ellen would sign them the moment the guardianship was official.
With trembling hands, Dean cleaned the blood off. He fished his wallet from the backpack and searched for the fake driver's license. He swallowed the sigh of relief when he pulled out the Kansas license of one Robert Bonham. Jenny checked it and gave it back. Sometimes it paid off to be taller and broader than the typical omega male, he could pull off looking like a 21-year-old.
The cop adjusted her stance and exchanged a look with her partner. The big beta spoke in his station.
Dean mumbled something Claire chose to ignore while she was scrolling after the perfect song. Girl in Red was soon blasting through the speaker.
“I am happy.” Cas nibbled at his skin, coaxing the omega to give him his lips. They kissed slowly, lightly, searching for much-needed comfort. They turned to the others when Ellen cleared her throat.
Cas sighed deeply. “You will not pester or tease Dean about anything tonight. You’ll let him have a good night. He doesn’t like talking about emotions or relationships.”
The tension somewhat dissipated, Brad dropped his clove scent and Becky showed Dean pictures of her dress. They made herculean efforts to maintain conversation for 20 minutes, with small interventions from Cas and Brad. Dean leaned into Cas and enveloped him in a one-arm hug, running soothing circles on his shoulder. With pizzas awaiting Dean and Cas excused themselves to get their food. Becky hugged Dean goodbye and Brad gave a curt goodbye towards Cas.
"It was fine." Dean flushed red remembering it and luckily Sam picked up the conversation talking about the graffiti in his room. Apparently, the young alpha taught he managed to find a story in there.
"Anyway, if he saw the ruble he already must suspect you've been in contact with us, no harm done,” he took the ruble from Dean’s hand.
“Oh, no, Rufus dragged me to LA for this one. The pay is shit but I’m going to feel better bringing back this scumbag.”
Dean was watching Cas neatly placing his clothes in the wardrobe. They went shopping just before the trip and bought Cas beach worthy attire and pajamas, although Cas still slept in Dean’s old T-shirts. Dean studied his angels’ shoulders, arms, his jawline and Dean knew…his angel was pissed.
”…I, ...well, ...obviously you’re going Dean, but I don’t want either of you dying young. It will take years before you will see it. Then again, maybe it’s better this way, I can still bring improvements”
"I don't know enough about the subject but if you are interested I can arrange a meeting with a lawyer. I do know it is feasible. You would be legally an adult and then you can challenge your father for custody of Sam."
Soon enough Creepy Guy was in their sight, going to his room. Dean and Cas got out of the car the moment the guy closed his motel door. It was eerily silent in the parking lot as they walked to the room. Cas knocked on the door while Dean was checking that the coast was clear from behind him.
“I must tell you, Dean, I don’t think Sam will reject you. But you’ll tell Sam when you’re ready. I’ll wait however long it takes, and in the meantime if you want to continue to…*air quotations*
"Okay, then it is settled. We should work on the paper and meet up on Friday to clear up some stuff."
“I like you,” the judge said, “and I think I like this alpha of yours. Guardianship of the minors Dean Winchester and Samuel Winchester is granted to Mrs Ellen Harvelle as of today.” She struck the gavel against its block. “I look forward to seeing you with the emancipation petition. In the meantime, Mrs Harvelle, get these boys up to date with their medical visits.” She smiled, got up and left the courtroom.
Sam nodded, taking all in. “I do running. About 15 minutes each morning, I can’t really do more than that yet. I don’t think I can pick up fencing though. Do you think I could do yoga at home?”
“We’ll talk to Cas, then. Let me text him, see if he’s available tonight.” Dean shot a quick text to his alpha.
“Sure thing hot shot”. Gabriel patted Dean on the shoulder. He could not be more different than his younger brother. Nikita left the room, rubbing his arm
“Good - fast, untraceable, flexible. That will work. Now each letter is sealed shut with wax and my seal”, he showed Dean his sigil ring and that is the first moment he realized his… no, THE alpha, is covered in tattoos from the phalanges to his wrists and most likely his entire arm. Deans was awe-struck but the alpha's voice brought him back in the present. “If I specifically instruct you to wait for a reply you have to be witness to the unsealing of the letter then wait for the answer and bring it to me. You will only give the letter to whom it is addressed. The security of the Bratva comes first so your first priority is the package or letter and the information contained within. You deliver it or destroy it if under external threat.”
to spot a tail. He decided to wait to talk to Sam about things before going to Gabriel about everything. He texted his brother. He got back more pictures from DC, mostly selfies with Jessica than actual DC landmarks, and found out they were due back around 8 pm and Dean should pick him up.
Cas didn’t answer with words but the look he gave Sam made it clear. He let go of the Angel’s shoulder and started running again, cursing his father.
The omega gave a small nod and encouraged the pup to go to the bathroom with the police officer. Wiliams began talking to the woman. Dean noticed another cop talking to the omega that came from the back. She kept looking at Dean with a weird look on her face.
For the longest time, they were silent. Dean gathered the courage to speak again. “And now?” his voice was so small he couldn't believe it belonged to him.
"Hm," Dean continued, "I had sex with female betas and omegas. This chick, Rhonda, from last summer was… wild, dude. I had a good time with her. She, uh… made me try out her panties." Dean's nose was hit with the faint musky scent of Castiel's arousal. "You’d like me in - “
“I know, I know, but I’ve said it then and I still stand by it… you ganking racists and homophobes? That was kinda hot.”
They rented four beach chaise lounges and two umbrellas and dragged them to a more isolated area of the beach. Eileen left and brought back a tray with cocktails from the bar. Sam was creaming himself with SPF 50 sunscreen, careful not to miss an inch of skin. Dean picked up a Sex on the Beach and handed Cas a Hugo which he drank much faster than humanly possible.
hard something poking in his ass. Not only poking but rocking back and front. He soon realized that something was Cas' cock and the alpha was thrusting against him. Dean turned a bit and realized Cas was still asleep.
“Damn, cher, you really went to town. Just throw the detergent on the floor where you, erm, buttered the salmon and I’ll get some water from the sink.”
Sam was listening to the two brothers talking with an intensity Dean rarely saw on the kid. The younger omega understood what Cas was doing. He was giving his younger brother “the alpha talk” without stepping on his tail.
?” looking around in the room as if at any given moment a giant bubble with “Dean’s true mate” could pop up over someone’s head.
"Okay!" Charlie raised her hands in an appeasing gesture. "I'm sorry, I was just teasing without thinking about it." She offered an apologetic smile and Dean believed her, softening his stance.
"I apologize, sir." The beta bared her neck and showed her palms in submission to Castiel. Dean gave her a guttural growl, letting the bitter apple aggression permeate the room, his scent almost free of the notes of sweetness or cinnamon. Castiel was
please note I added OC characters as a tag and a minor character death; one of the OCs that will be introduced is going to die. None of the characters inspired by SPN will die in the foreseeable future (Dean, Sam, Cas, Gabe, Balthazar, Charlie, Becky, Kevin, and Benny have plot armor thicker than Bella Swan so they are good.)
Sunday was a lazy day. Both Dean and Sam slept in, huddled together in one bed. Dean woke up first and lay awake thinking about what his life has become. He was… invested in New York, invested at school, invested with Castiel, invested with the Bratva. What exactly would he do if…
An hour later Officer Marbles told him he was free to go but should stay in the city so he could be called for follow-up interviews. As if she would ever find him. Dean scampered as fast as possible. He walked until he found a park and took a seat on the bench. He settled his beating hard and let the empty feeling take hold. He looked at passers-by absent-mindedly. The omega ran a hand over his face to try and shake off the feeling of not being there. It didn’t work so he settled on people watching. He had no idea how much time had passed before his foggy brain brought forth the idea that he had to move and get rid of Robert Bonham. He got up and the next thing he knew he was in a back alley where homeless people used to stay. A few beaten-down men with scents so muted he had a hard time picking up their designation were watching him. Dean blinked more than once to shake the dream-like state. He was distantly aware of himself walking down the street. He doubled back a bit to check that he was not followed and returned to the small camp. He reached for the switchblade hidden at his ankle and used it to cut up the ID. No one asked him anything. It was a silent understanding to not see, not hear. With the cut-up pieces in his hand, he went to a fire barrel and chucked the pieces inside. He watched them charr and melt and curl inwards.
I give up trying to escape, there’s no point really. Even if I did manage to escape, where would I go? To the bunker? It’s not like Sam and Dean really need me, especially not like this, without my grace. Dean has said it before, I’m just a baby in a trench coat, and I don’t even have the trench coat anymore.
The door is shut, obviously, so I try to push it open. It opens a little bit, allowing a small stream of light to enter my cell, I push harder. It’s stuck, I push and push, but no matter how hard I try, it never opens more than that one tiny sliver. I’m just not strong enough. I turn around and lean back against the door, I can feel its slimy cold surface against the skin on my back, right between my wings. That stuff is going to be a pain to get out of my feathers later, I know it, but right now I don’t really care.
“Dean-o! Would you be so kind as to come with us please, and bring Cassie along, will ya!” It’s amazing how Gabriel can sound so casual yet so threatening. Had anyone else said this, Dean would probably have laughed before killing them brutally, but this was Gabriel, this was no longer a question, this was a command, and disobeying would bring consequences. Reluctantly, Dean slid off the throne and knelt down to remove Cas’ chain from the throne. He did, however, keep one end of the chain in his hand as he walked over to the angels, with Cas following him meekly, still attached to the other end. They made it back to the bunker without a hitch, which was a pleasant surprise, and led Dean into the dungeon, where he was strapped into the chair. Sam already had several jugs of blood and a few syringes ready. Now all they needed to do was get Castiel out of the room, which could prove to be difficult, as he was currently sitting on the floor hugging Dean’s leg, refusing to let go. But eventually Lucifer and Gabriel manage to drag him away, leaving Sam to do his thing.
“Hey, Cas,” I study the expression on his face. He hasn’t quite learned how to control his face as a human yet, so right now he is an open book, and the fact that apparently angels cannot control their wings showing emotions probably isn’t helping either. Right now his wings are folded in, hidden behind his back, he’s clearly not feeling too hot. “Hey, I could use some help translating some texts, wanna join?”
Suddenly I hear the library door open and footsteps in Dean’s signature pattern coming down the stairs. I hadn’t heard him leave this morning so he must have been gone for quite a while. I turn my attention back to my laptop and finish translating my line just in time before Dean comes stomping in and starts to demand our attention, “What are you nerds doing holed up in here? It’s a beautiful day, let’s go outside!” I can almost see Cas’ scoff as he continues staring at his book, and I do see the way his wings tense up slightly. Suddenly Dean drops something large onto the floor in front of us, forcing me to look up. It’s a bag. “What’s that?” I ask. I have not seen this bag before, so Dean must have bought it, along with its contents, today.
One other earthbound angel he really wished to find was of course Castiel, but that would prove to be difficult. Little Cassi was practically attached to the eldest Winchester brother, and with him being a demon now, chances were great that Cas followed him down to hell in an effort to save him. Lucifer shuddered as he thought about what might have become of his little brother down there, nothing good probably. But before going down to hell, he really wanted to find Gabriel, he’d missed having his brother by his side and even though he did not want to admit it, he’d rather not go down to hell on his own. No, bringing Gabe was purely strategic.
“Honey, I don’t work for anyone. It’s just me, and you, forever, that’s all I want,” the smooth voice whispers back.
It was purely coincidental that they ran into Thor, who was hanging around London with some American lady named Kate. From him they received the news that Odin had been staying in a retirement home in the area for ages now, and that, no, Freya’s not around.
It must have looked strange, two grown men and a teenager standing at the edge of a sandbox in an abandoned playground in the middle of the night, talking into thin air. Lucifer was reluctant to enter Heaven, but he should probably go along as proof of his good deed, the other angels probably wouldn’t believe him otherwise. He took a deep, shaky breath. Gabriel had apparently noticed his discomfort, because he slipped a comforting arm around Lucifer’s shoulders and shot him a small smile. The three of them stepped into the sandbox and seconds later they were standing in the brightly lit hallways of Heaven. Lucifer had almost forgotten how boring Heaven looked at first glance, compared to earth, but it was still their home so he was happy to be back. The three of them walked down the hallway, towards the city, home. Samandriel was way more alert than Castiel had been, so at least they could fill the silence with some light conversation. When they finally reached the double doors that led to the room where the other angels would be hanging out, Lucifer quietly moved himself to the back of their line of three, with Gabriel at the front. Gabriel had to make and entrance of course, so he kicked the doors opened and loudly announced his arrival to the others, “Morning, Fuckers!” Lucifer smiled a little but tried to hide it by looking down as he followed Samandriel into the room.
Sam and Dean are out on a hunt nearby, leaving me behind to do some research and man the telephones. A notification pops up, indicating that the algorithm has picked up on a news story with a possible supernatural background. I open the article and start reading. Three lines in I am already convinced that this is the work of a demon. At the end of the article there is a video attached, some security footage of the criminal, aka the demon’s meat suit. I watch the clip, which closely follows a young girl walking around the store before suddenly pulling out a knife and slaughtering the other customers, when she has finished her murder spree she turns around, staring into the camera. It almost feels like she is staring straight into my soul. Her lips split into a small smile, a very familiar smile. Memories of hands travelling all over my body are suddenly flooding back all at once, and I find myself unable to shake the hands off. As I’m starting to feel lightheaded I become aware of how fast I am breathing. I try to take deep breaths, but it feels like something is pushing back again my chest, stopping me from breathing properly. I try to walk away from those eyes, that smile, but only manage to go a few meters before falling backwards onto the floor and crawling the rest of the way to the corner. Sitting in the corner, I try again to control my breathing, but nothing seems to help. I feel the phantom hands touching me all over and I desperately claw at them, in an attempt to get them to stop. But they are everywhere, on my arms, my chest, my stomach, even my wings. The hands keep coming for me as the demon smiles at me from the screen, still staring straight at me.
“…Upaai…” Strange, that sounded suspiciously similar to…enochian. Now that I actually started to listen, I can hear that the stranger occasionally slips into a language that was similar to enochian, but not so similar to be considered one of the regional dialects that are spoken in heaven. It’s about as similar as modern dutch and Afrikaans, if I try I can understand most of the words, but it still feels unfamiliar. I suddenly remember hearing about this specific dialect before, but the only ones I know of that speak this language are the angels that had followed Lucifer, to Hell.
“I won’t,” he answers, and that is enough for me. I lunge forward and throw my arms around his neck. Dean hugs me back and we stay like that for a while. I finally feel relaxed and safe again, in the presence someone other than the demon that is, I just breathe in Dean’s scent and slowly feel myself slipping into unconsciousness.
“In here,” Gabe’s voice rang out from behind the third door on the right. Lucifer walked over and slowly pushed the door open. Behind it lay a small room, currently occupied by his brother and several young men and women, all wearing a minimal amount of clothes.
They still have some time to kill, quite a lot of time actually, and Cas isn’t really being very chatty, so eventually Lucifer and Gabriel just resort to telling stories, there isn’t much else to do.
I walk into the library and make sure to say hi to Cas. The dude’s been isolated for over a month, he probably needs all the social interactions he can get without getting overwhelmed. I look over at him, since I didn’t get a response today, and notice the distant look in his eyes. I walk closer to him and kneel down, waving my hand in front of him. This seems to snap him out of his trance, as he looks at me, startled, his solemn expression makes way for a sad smile. “Hello, Sam.”
My concentration is broken when I feel a hand stroking my left wing and a whispering voice in my ear, “These are softer than I imagined.”
Hours have gone by, but finally both Winchester brothers emerge from the doorway, both of them very much human. Now that it is safe again for Cas to be around Dean, the angels don’t hesitate to untie him. It doesn’t matter that his mental state is still not the best, as long as he’s no longer in any danger he’ll be alright. Now that Dean is human again, he’ll take better care of the angel, Cassie will be alright, Cassie would be happy again.
I just stare as Dean kneels down in front of me, he’s saying something but I don’t really understand what it is, he inspects my legs. They’re still broken, they hadn’t healed yet, the demon hadn’t allowed them to.
grabbed my laptop and a pile of books before walking back over to Cas’ corner. I sit down next to him and place the books between us, then I steal some of his pillows, he has enough, and settle in.
Cas kissed him again, softly, reassuringly. “Your father was wrong, Dean. And you’re researching like on any hunt because in so many years of hunting you developed the skill but you rarely used it for anything else. Come to think of it… when you look for new recipes or cooking tips how do you do it?”
“Dean” the little alpha puffed, pulling bitch face no 17. Dean sighed. Sam was too smart for his own good sometimes. Of course, the thirteen-year-old saw enough of the envelope to correctly estimate the amount of money and just adding up rent and food, they surpassed that amount last Friday and Sam guessed it.
Dean nodded and gestured that he wanted a beer. Cas sighed and turned around to get back to their room, he knew Dean needed alone time.
“I haven’t had my own bedroom ever.” Dean was making his bed and marvelled at the notion. Sam was probably thinking the same. It didn’t take them long to settle in their rooms and say goodnight. Dean was lying in the empty bed and opened his phone to text Cas.
Cas made the show of placing the back of his hand on Dean’s forehead. “You seem healthy, I don’t understand why it is so hard for you to process things. Yes, we’re at least half parents, yes, Claire knows because you kissed me just now and YES Claire is happy for us. Everything is alright. Good things do happen” he ended his speech with a kiss, or two or three on Dean’s lips.
. He knew how his men were at the Russian establishment. Anyone out of the picture was flagged and watched. A 17-years-old omega eating
“I should get back to Sam. He leaves for his trip this coming Friday, we need to do an inventory of what he has. He needs at least one new shirt.”
“Stop blaming yourself. I am here. You are here. It’s okay. It’s going to be okay” and the humming resumed.
He reached Heaven with just 10 minutes to spare. The guards started posturing when he approached, one of them watching him with a dangerous grin but both men faltered when Dean showed them the coin. The one on the right said something in Russian in his station and right after a lanky Beta with blond hair greeted Dean.
“I have no interest in continuing this conversation, it is pointless.” Cas turned his back on the woman. He handed his clothes to the clerk, paid, and left with Claire in tow, leaving the woman bereft of the argument she wanted.
"Dean, it's just that. Your one true mate, made to be your perfect counterpart, the one you're supposed to be with the rest of your life"
“Well… like your alpha said, you’re perfectly capable of making your own decisions, and I’ll help you with that because as is, you’re very vulnerable,
“You two came in here looking like shit and I heard Sam ask what you’ll do tonight if the rain doesn’t stop.”
“Maybe you two can go together,” Sam piped in. He was stuffing his face with soup and a piece of bread.
"Dad talked to Sam a bit but you know how it is sometimes, it's easier to talk to an alpha closer to… erm…. '
Castiel didn’t wait for Dean to say anything more. “I need you to stay strong, I have bad news.” The alpha took a deep breath, while Dean waited comfortably numb. “Gabriel was shot. He is alive, erm, still, but it looks pretty bad. He was at a cafe on Ocean View. Igor is dead, Maxim and Vasily are arrested. Fuck, it’s a mess.” Cas paused again and Dean didn’t say anything so he continued. “The Italians
Cas thought about it and, really Claire already knew he loved Dean so he could be honest about his feelings. ”You think I’ll impress Dean like this? I… I want to impress him”
"Oh. I see. Dad is just really busy, he asked me to pick up Sammy," he smiled, hoping the man believed him, working to keep his scent neutral and calm.
“When I am with you… I get like this drunken state like everything is well and safe. I just turn to jello on the inside. It’s like your scent is drugging me.”
"You could have told me before!" Dean was rubbing his hand where tiny dots of blood coloured his skin.
Eileen shrugged, unbothered to talk about corpse-eating monsters over pancakes. “Your pancakes can’t be denied, even in front of ghouls. But the urgency is that it seems the ghouls have passed on live prey.”
"Dean, this is the courier HQ. There are about a dozen of you. Here - this is the medical bay, if your injuries are not too bad we fix them. No need for hospital paper trails. Here is the cafeteria slash lounge." They entered the room. Dean surveyed it quickly. Three betas were watching him with apprehension from the couch. Four vending machines were stocked with snacks, energy drinks, and water. "You spend your downtime here with your friends" he cocked finger guns at the betas but they looked unimpressed. "The vending machines are free, you just punch in the number. Bossman likes to take care of his pack." he smiled at Dean
“You didn’t think he was…. You know…. Wrong for being gay?” Dean talked to his tea, avoiding eye contact.
“Yeah, teenagers scare the shit out of me.” Ellen took a swig of her beer. “Did you and Castiel talk beforehand about the ‘intent-to-mate’ form?” She asked, cradling her bottle.
“Well… it says here bisexuals like iced coffee… and I was thinking maybe… I could let Sam know… by doing bi stuff.”
“Dean’s alpha is his true mate, you know” Becky piped in. For once, Dean was grateful for Becky. Things were threatening to become extremely uncomfortable with Benny so maybe now the alpha would back down.
The beta gestured to the three seats in front of him. Ellen took the one on the right, but the brothers hesitated, while Cas went straight for the couch on the side, sitting relaxed in the sun. For a moment Dean wanted nothing more than to curl up on the alpha's lap and admire his beautiful eyes in the sun but he remembered where he was and why so he pushed Sam and the brothers took the last two seats in front of Crowley.
“I’ve read the Carver Edlund books, you idjit.” Claire ignored Dean’s jaw dropping and carried on “….You know how rom-coms have that make-over montage bit where the chick gets all dolled up to meet her prince?”
The omega sang while he manoeuvred the car out of the garage. Cas was listening with his head tilted to the side, trying to understand the lyrics.
“Hey, there is a sports shop. I needed to borrow some money for a new skateboard and I wanted to browse.” Dean pointed at the store and Cas gestured to him to go first. It was a big all sports kind of store with bikes, helmets, skateboards and so on. Dean beelined for the skateboards, musing over the options. He picked one with a classic American art design, rolled the wheels to test them.
“Well...alpha said he didn’t believe in True Mates,” Dean said, averting his eyes from Becky while rolling the hem of his shirt in his hands.
Sam was on the bathroom floor, trembling, distressed pup scent choking Dean. The omega curled around his brother, enveloping him in his calming scent. When the distressed pup scent evened out Dean spoke again.
After a few more minutes Dean dared to throw a look at Sam. He was petting Eileen’s head, watching the movie, no judgment on his face. They locked eyes. Sam smiled and gave him a thumbs up. Dean nodded. They returned to the movie.
“Hey Cas… I was thinking we should… I was thinking we could take this to the next base. The… the fifth base.”
“I can pick you up in the morning. There is an abandoned mall I know - we can practice in the parking lot.”
. Dean closed his eyes shut and whispered to himself “I decide to be fine ‘till the end of the week” and temptingly tried to fake a small smile.
“You will, Dean.” Ellen moved some hairs from Dean’s face. “How about we all meet up at the Roadhouse tonight for some celebratory burgers?” She looked at Dean, then at Cas.
Dean chuckled “then, Cas, I say you take the compliment.” He leaned in and pressed his mouth onto Cas’. The angel responded eagerly.
Dean got up and looked Cas straight in the eyes. He lost himself in the ocean blue eyes. Cas pressed a chaste kiss on his lips and somehow that quick kiss was more intimate than anything they did until then.
“He is a fucking douche. He’s like, the type that kills their omega, bolts and gets hunted by someone like my father. Fuck that guy.”
Dean rolled his eyes "I don't like all this…. claiming shit. Doesn't the omega get to choose? It's kinda rapey. And shitty. I'd be pissed if an alpha claimed me."
“You are telling the truth, Sam”. Cas’ eyes flickered back to blue and the pressure on Sam’s chest disappeared.
Zachariah said something in Russian, Castiel replied "no, I do not plan on making this a full war. I want the men that attacked us and the lieutenant that allowed them to. An eye for an eye. It seems to be a group based around that small Italian restaurant pinned on the map. We need recon so I am sending Dean to gather information." Hannah started speaking in Russian, much to Dean's frustration but Cas interrupted her. "English will be used for this meeting, not all present members speak Russian."
"Yeah, Gabe is right. You'll never be off the hook." Dean poked his alpha with one finger in the chest.
“I have to say…densely packed, overwhelming in complexity, overall an interesting experience. Although I have to admit it’s NOT my favorite molecule arrangement. It tasted better when I was human” Cas answered
“I’m…” Dean was suddenly aware he didn’t know what time it was. He checked his watch. It was almost half-past four. “I’m fine, I just… lost track of time.”
Dean walked back towards the cafe to recover his car. He had to… what? He wasn’t sure himself. He decided he’ll see when he finds the car.
“Okay. If Sam is gone to DC you could spend the weekend at my place. We could have that Star Wars marathon I owe you.”
I edited Becky's comments about the Russian auto-shop and salvage yard because she came off a bit xenophobic and I did not want her to give off that vibe. I realize my choice of reasons for her to pick up on the fact that there is more than meets the eye wasn't the best so I changed it a bit. Thank you all for the feedback
He gently guided Dean out of the bathroom. The hallway was empty aside from the staff. People gave them a wide berth so as to not challenge the alpha as he held Dean tight. He escorted Dean back in the Gabe-cave. "There is an en-suite bathroom in the back. Clean yourself up. I'll… take care of me and come back to pick you up, ok, sweetheart?"
, I want to eat you out.” Cas breathed on Dean’s neck, nibbling the sensitive skin there. He licked a stripe from the base of his neck to the angle of his jaw then whispered in his ear. “We need to leave or we’ll draw attention dry humping like this in the parking lot.”
He marched into his room. Was he imagining things? Piotr said he was looking around and Sam never complained and the kid
“That’s the Italian Mob, at least know your criminal organizations. Russians have lieutenants.” The omega rolled his eyes.
“What about, you know…” Sam seemed to avoid a certain word but Cas failed to meet him halfway. “you know, Cas… what about sex? Wouldn’t it be a risk for other Nephilim to be conceived?”
“Hello. Jody Mills is my name, Ellen said she wanted to rent the unit for you?” She extended an arm towards Dean.
Dean went down and kissed him on the chest on one of the eagle's heads, then he moved to the other one. He pressed kisses to the inked skin all the way to the crook of the neck nuzzling until he found the mating gland. He sucked in his mouth, rolling it between his teeth. He started grinding forcefully on Cas. The friction was too much and too little and Dean wanted more. He clamped down on the skin but with not enough force to break the skin. The alpha squirmed underneath him.
Claire leaned more into Cas to whisper in his ear. “Hey, so about that trip to Hell for listening to rock… “
A shiver went down Dean’s back, his breath hitched. “Uhm… I-... erm, I said some things in the… heat of the moment.” He was aware that he was flushed red from embarrassment. Cas had his head tilted, clearly going through the evening in his head
“Dean is afraid of telling you about us because he thinks you’ll have a bad reaction. He thinks you will not want him around you anymore, that you’ll throw him out of the bunker, or beat him of Lord knows what else is going through his mind. I am here to tell you that is not going to happen.
"Dean, I wanted to ask you why did you hesitate to call me your alpha?" Cas asked as they set the pizzas on the coffee table in front of the couch. Mouldy oranges hit the omega's nose.
They finished the beer and went back in the crowd to enjoy the music. Claire stayed much closer to Dean and Cas for the remainder of the concert
The apartment was big, luminous and had a homey atmosphere, decorated in earthy tones. There were big floor to ceiling windows and Dean admired the view: The Hudson River and Brooklyn Bridge. Cas led them in the kitchen where the second, grey cat was perched on the countertop.
Serghei laughed and the tension somewhat dissipated. The crowd dispersed, the betas that participated in the fight coming closer, around Serghei.
“Yeah, scratch that, what do you mean you want to go alone?” Dean cut Cas off and frowned at the young woman, pointing an accusing finger.
“Well… what if he joins later, after the official dance?” he fidgeted in his seat, knowing his friends usually went to a different location to dance some more.
“And… These are your medical files? You have no paediatrician, no up-to-date vaccinations, no health checks in the last three years...You presented omega and your brother alpha, where are the reproduction specialists note that you’re both healthy?”
“Yeah… I guess I should be going...” but Dean made no move to actually leave, he was just staring at Castiel.
“I don’t comprehend why I can’t stay in my clothes. Why must I wear these? They are too short” Cas said while signing seamlessly. Sam was jealous of the Angel’s ease to sign.
Becky swept Dean in a tight hug and they scented each other. Sweet roses and mellow tuberoses filled his nose. Dean sagged against the soft omega. He had tears in his eyes, remembering all the friends he left behind over the years, the exact reasons he tried not to get attached.
The last hours went by slower still. They returned to the hotel where Sam started to research again and Dean just switched channels on the TV. He vaguely heard Sam moan about his lack of involvement in research. At some point, he heard Sammy wishing him goodnight and snuggling in the blankets of his bed.
Cas flicked through the T-shirts picking up a different Led Zeppelin one, with the album art for Physical Graffiti on it.
They didn’t talk anymore and Dean left when the driver’s license pieces had transformed into charred blobs.
Eventually they returned to Sam and Eileen only to find the chaise lounges empty. Dean went to get beer and snacks. They laid down close to each other, with beers, waiting for the others, talking about everything and nothing.
. He’s not closer to finding the guy, mum is still dead and I am here parenting my little brother. As someone wiser would say, revenge is not the Jedi way.”
At lunch, Dean was surprised to see Sam. The kid shoved himself between Dean and Charlie and slammed his tray on the table. Obviously, Sam’s puppy eyes were enough to snatch lunch in the high school. “I need help. This project is driving me nuts and it’s due Wednesday.”
"That is great, Cas." He heard his own voice from afar. His tone was so flat he wondered why he would not care more about Gabe.
“He was… awfully calm when you said you didn’t want it. I scented his way and it was just… oranges and tobacco levelled and calm. I…, Dean, are you sure about his intentions towards you?”
“Well, you know, some have these really mean-looking tattoos, people keep coming and going. I know it's an auto-shop and it has a lot of business but there's something in the air that has my hackles rise but I can't really pinpoint it. I feel like I'm in John Wick or something. Or the Godfather, you know.”
"I see. Well, you should prepare yourself a bit. Being with an alpha is a bit demanding, especially with knotting. Start slowly, build up your tolerance. You should get a dildo." He frowned. "Actually, I should get you a dildo," he mumbled more to himself
"Oho, boyo, you don't scare me" Gabe pointed finger guns at Cas, making little pop pop motions. Cas rolled his eyes, tugging Dean to follow past Gabriel and to the exit. Ishim was gone and a lot of the members already left, while some still lingered. Balthazar approached them.
"Everyone does it! Miss Henshaw has hickeys." Dean was starting to get frustrated with this entire situation. Hickeys and scent-marking were
“Glad to hear the streets will be safer.” Dean faked a small laugh as he knew Bobby was too far away to help them.
“Oh, it will come back” Cas’ eyes were filled with mischief and his hand grabbed Dean’s length and started pumping slowly.
Friday rolled out uneventfully. Dean downloaded a language learning app and started the Russian course. He was tired of not understanding. He should at least
“You broke his face and his knee. He might be choking on his blood back there, you did enough for a start.”
"Knock it off you knot-head!" Dean whispered, cuffing Sam over the top of his head, making his hair fly. "They're my coworkers,” he explained in the same hush tone. He turned towards the others, speaking in a normal voice. "Hi, guys. It’s a nice day outside, huh?" One of them, an alpha, looked them up and down which made Dean's hackles rise a bit but he controlled his scent.
“Don’t say that. DON’T SAY THINGS LIKE THAT” Dean seemed to spiral, eyes darting across the room. Cas felt his heart sink when he realized what scarred his lover so badly.
still need this paper. I don’t think Cas can help, why on Earth would he know about the fucking Russian Empire?” Sam lamented, putting his hands on the side of his head and dramatically slamming his head on the table.
The shop on 6th Street didn't have any skateboards in Dean's budget with his preferences. He thought that the best thing was to borrow money from the Bratva to buy a decent one instead of settling for shabby board. He went to his job, which was uneventful and then left early to get Sam. They got ready for dinner quickly. Dean insisted they wear some of their better clothes and drove them to the Russian restaurant. The apathetic hostess didn't even bother to ask Dean what he wanted so the omega just walked past her.
The last class came and went. Dean said his goodbyes to his new friends, gave Sam the chocolate milk and apple, after extracting the promise he will keep the milk for the following morning, then made his way to Heaven for his first official day on the job. To say he was nervous was an understatement.
birthday. If you ever wondered why I hate my birthday…” Dean let out a sad laugh, acutely aware his eyes were watering. “He…uhm sent me on a salt’n’burn of two lesbian nuns that haunted a convent. The message was clear with that one huh? And the thing is… he sent me away to spend time with Sam. On my birthday. I… the guy really didn’t like me and nothing I ever did was good enough. I was just… daddy’s blunt instrument. His good soldier boy. He caught me once with a… a friend, Lee, when I was 16. We weren’t doing anything at that point, we were just too close. Got me a broken hand and a promise of a bullet in the head if I ever crossed that line. He said he didn’t raise me to be that and next thing he did was “gift” me that hunt.” Dean was choking on his own words. He pressed his hands on his eyes, wiping away unshed tears. Cas had been silent the whole time. He took another deep breath and continued, feeling the need to say it all. “Don’t get me started on the absences. I had to be mother and father to my baby brother. He just… left us in motel rooms and dingy pay-by-week rental apartments. And the kind of places that wouldn’t look twice at an ID and a credit card were the kind of places that would also attract… scum… I remember the first time some guy looked in
About me? I passed my driver's exam. My family issues got worse. Work is a bitch. I love this fic to bits.
“I decide to be fine until the morning” he stated, out-loud and tried to smile but he could feel his lips trembling.
Dean sank in his chair, embarrassment creeping in. He knew his scent had soured when Gabriel raised his eyes from the typewriter.
Dean got back at the HQ and waited out the end of his shift. No one needed him to take other packages so when the clock hit 9 he left for his motel. His homework was mostly done from the lounge room so he didn't bother with it anymore. He ate dinner with Sam, talked about their day. He got an ice pack out of the freezer for his jaw. Chewing burgers at lunch made his jaw ache. After that night's movie, the brothers turned in for the night. Dean redressed his scrape.
“What’s so funny?” Gabriel raised an eyebrow at him. It reminded him of Castiel even though the meaning behind the gesture was so different between the brothers.
“Oh and falling from Heaven was?” Cas stopped in his tracks biting his lips, instant regret settling in. Dean took a few more steps back, staring at the angel, looking like someone slapped him. Cas opened his mouth again “Dean, I never argued with you on this but… yes I would love to be with you openly. I want to be patient and I will never give you an ultimatum but Dean… it’s been a month. Whenever you are with Sam you are so distant towards me it hurts. Sam is my family too. I want to be my true self when I am around him and that is a gay angel in love with you, in a RELATIONSHIP with you and after everything, after falling and fighting and losing my grace and getting it back and dying and coming back I just… I just want to be happy.” Cas looked heartbroken and frustrated at the same time.
"Dean… what now? You said you wanted to stay with Cas but… what is Cas thinking about this? Is he, erm, going to mate you? And if so… will he take me in? He's an alpha… I'm an alpha. I know… alphas don't want to raise the alpha-pups of other alphas. That sentence was weird…"
“If you hurt alpha’s brother, I’ll fucking hurt you too then drag your ass back to him so he can fucking gut you.”
They parted ways and Dean took Sam home, the young alpha still pumping out angry pheromones. The moment they entered the house Sam exploded.
“Can I bring you my Ford Puma? It needs a check-up and an oil change but I hate going over to the auto-shop on 5th Street. Those Russians are really creepy.”
“Good.” Sam snuggled further into Dean and the omega kissed the top of his head. “It’s going to be alright, Sam.” They remained in their little bubble while the staff worked around them, listening to the hustle and bustle of the kitchen.
The phone call went dead and Dean was staring at the ceiling as he realized that he was utterly alone. Tears were flowing freely on his cheeks and fell on the carpet beneath him. His brain was foggy and his movements were in slow motion, the otherworldly feeling of being in a movie gripping him again. Once it was fully settled his brain started doing sluggish calculations: he had a car and he had cash money so their next move was pretty clear.
Ms Ketchum returned to the boring calculus lesson. Dean opened the messaging app again and chose Gabriel
Dean got up and took the piece of paper to go to the vice principal. From what he heard the man wasn't lenient nor understanding. A hall monitor took him all the way to the office. Dean was ushered inside. Mr. Smith, the vice-principal, was a mean-looking beta with a huge mustache that made him look like a walrus. He took the slip and read it, then he leaned back in the chair, looking Dean up and down.
Ishim was a different story. The alpha looked Dean up from his toes to his unruly hair with a scolding expression on his face. "You're the bitch, huh?"
“Go home. Sleep.” Cas was commanding and it settled something in Dean. He had a clear goal now. The fogginess in his brain was diminishing.
Dean gulped when he chanced a look at Castiel. This wasn't his sweet alpha that enjoyed cuddles and nuzzled in his neck. No, this was the mafia boss, fuming, snarling, pumping out the minty scent of his
Benny laughed but his mirth died soon. “I saw what happened. Italians dropping dead Saturday, Russians gunned down Monday. I’d say there is a war brewing.”
“What does your biological sex have to do with applying sunscreen?” Cas tilted his head, “you are just as exposed to the damaging effects of UV light as females. You need to put on sunscreen, Dean.”
"Oh…yes,... I… sometimes tend to be a bit… dominating. I'll never do it again unless you want me to. And if you never want me to, that is fine as well. It's your body."
This shirt and undershirt went flying through the room, Return of the Jedi playing forgotten on the TV. Dean gasped at the sight, arousal spiking even more. That night at Gabriel's he didn't perceive exactly how his alpha looked. He was covered in tattoos - big shoulder epaulettes on each one, with tassels on the arms almost a third down the bicep. He also had two 8-pointed stars on the chest where his shoulder met his torso, one on each side. As a centrepiece, there was a double-headed eagle and a Lady Liberty. Multiple smaller tattoos peppered his chest and abdomen. Dean traced each one.
“Why? It’s beautiful! It’s nice and warm! Paradise! If it doesn’t have beaches I ain’t going Cas. You need to fix that. Which means that after this hunt, we’ll go east to Florida. Find a good beach. I read in one of those Buzzfeed type of countdowns that Clearwater Beach is the best in the USA. We’ll go, you’ll learn and make one in Heaven. Toes in the sand!” Dean was happy. Sam noticed that. He’d never seen his brother so happy these past few years.
“650 a month and I have to do the repairs myself but the landlady will give me the materials and the tools.”
"About Gabe and the shooting. I talked to the police, I had to. Maxim left me there but I didn't say anything about our guys. I used a fake ID."
"Oh, sweet boy, no. You're not a stupid omega. You're brave and strong and you love so fiercely. You were scared, it’s understandable. Where is this coming from?" Cas was nibbling on Dean's skin, giving small licks here and there in an attempt to soothe the omega.
“I took AP US History, I didn’t go for European,” Kevin confessed. “But I think the library has to have something.”
“Dean, dude, seriously. What got you so happy? Oh wait, don’t tell me, it’s a fat alpha…” Sam didn’t get to finish before a shirt hit him in the face. Dragging it down he started talking louder “BIG. FAT. ALPHA. COCK”
Dean gave him the letter and went to leave but Balthazar tapped him on the shoulder to stop him. "In all seriousness, watch your back"
"He's yours" the alpha caressed Dean's cheek, they were the same height now. "I'll follow your lead in raising him, but I will tell you what I think."
Dean and Sam were gaping at Cas while he casually, slowly sipped his coffee, almost like he knew he needed to pause dramatically before continuing.
off of an omega. So we have a wolf in sheep's clothing," she smiled towards Balthazar. "You were right, Bal. He is a nice addition."
"I was so worried about Dean this morning. My alpha was demanding blood so… I went running. Dean suggested I pick up running. It really did help, it calmed me down a bit. Do you do sports?"
Claire was picking rock concert appropriate T shirts for Cas while the angel was trotting along behind her.
"If you're worried about Jessica she is safe with Sam. I made sure he knows to respect people. As I said, my boyfriend gave him the "alpha talk", he's working with his wolf. Things are fine"
“OUR ROOM? CAS, OUR ROOM?” “OUR room? OUR? CAS did you and Dean FINALLY got your shit together and you HAVEN’T told me? I’ve been trying all morning to make you see the truth and maybe confess to Dean and you’re actually together?”
The omega picked up his alpha. He kissed Cas as a thank you. Cas leaned in the kiss, then turned to return the watches to the store clerk, thanking her for her help. They left the store with their previous purchases.
way at me. Then when they started looking at Sam. God, I was so worried they’d touch him. And then… well Dad sometimes didn’t correctly estimate the money we’d need and I had to… I had to do whatever I could for Sammy so he’d have food. I wouldn’t eat. I’d steal food and money. I’d uhm…. I’d sell my body for cash. Not… not in that way, just… hand jobs and blow jobs. I almost got raped once, but luckily the guy didn’t expect twink-17-year-old me to know how to fight. It’s uhm… a lot ..of baggage.”
Cas showed up in grey sweats and a faded black tee. He added his soiled jeans to the machine and started its cycle. The smell of their combined releases lingered in the room.
Sam shifted from one foot to the other. "I… uh…. I'm sorry for the last time. I think I came off like a douche."
"Ay, alpha," another student, Rick, the basketball team captain, came to Benny to say hello, shaking each other's hands, giving each other playful little grunts. "Omega," the easy-going Captain rounded on Dean "you know, I need a new basketball player, and uh… you fit the bill. Will you come to the try-outs this Thursday?" Rick threw a hand behind Dean's shoulders.
“Fine, Cas, I heard you guys were in Florida. I am heading that way right now. Do you have a case? Need some help, old man?”
“Oh, you deserve it for doubting me,” Cas whispered, teasing with intent. He kissed him and then pushed past.
Cas hugged him tightly. “Thank you for telling me, Dean. All I can say is that I am sorry that happened to you. You’re safe now. You have me. You have Sam. You have Claire and Jack and Jody and Donna. You are loved, Dean.” The hunter leaned in the hug, engulfing himself in the other’s arms.
Dean made his way to the bus station a bit too early so he waited in the car for the bus. It showed up and Dean went to where all the other parents were. Dean looked around and really took in the crowd. He was the only brother there. Every kid had their parents pick them up. The bus stopped and opened its doors. He spotted Jessica's father coming towards him.
“To Washington DC, to see Lincoln’s statue and the obelisk. We’d take the Greyhound and stay two nights there. There is also a tour of the White House! Jessica is going!”
“Oh come on, you’re gonna use all the bad jokes in the book? What’s next? Dean and Cas were sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G?”
Dean leaned on the building wall behind him and closed his eyes. He breathed. “I want to be with you, Cas.”
As soon as Sam was also finished eating Dean gathered the dishes to clean them, moving to the sink where Ellen cornered him.
“I’m not ashamed with you. Not for being an angel. As for the guy meat suit, well… I like it. A lot. You really did choose well…
“Basically yes. You don’t want to fight it but work with it. I’d say “go with the flow” but it is more like… direct the flow to something constructive. Fighting the flow will only lead to frustration.”
They were outside in 10 minutes, the alpha kissed Dean, reminded him to talk to Ellen then scent marked Sam again before leaving for Heaven.
Dean unbuckled his pants and stripped, pooling the jeans and boxers at his ankles and freed his left foot, raising it on the toilet seat. He slid one finger inside himself and gave off a small moan at the sensation. It felt so nice, he thrusted a few times before removing his hand to look at it. Slick was shining and even Dean could smell his own scent, sweet baked apples and cinnamon. He took a picture of his glistening hand and sent it to Cas, typing one-handed.
At the car, he stripped in the backseat and applied the scent suppressant paste over all his scent glands - neck, wrists, groin. He hissed as the paste burned his skin. He sprayed his clothes with the scent neutralizing spray, redressed in the jeans tee and black hoodie. He pulled the neck tube to cover half his face and put on his gloves. Rounding the building he found a good space to climb on the side, between his target and the next building. He jumped up to the fire escape ladder and followed it to the last floor, then he had to do some old-fashioned climbing to reach the mansard roof. Dean was moving silently across the old roof, laying as low to the ground as possible. Movement alerted him and he hid behind a dormer. A guard moved above him on the ridge. The omega moved with him in the opposite direction. This was both concerning and relieving. He was onto something but he had to be careful to avoid detection. He moved to climb the roof in a valley to cross to the other side. Once on the ridge himself, he noticed another guard, back to him, moving forward towards the front of the building. Dean moved fast but he soon realized the guard would turn so he dropped down on the other side, descending a bit on the downspout. Thankfully there were balconies on this side so he jumped to one, landing on the concrete railing, and made his way to where the Italian restaurant was supposed to be by jumping from balcony to balcony. Once he reached it he found he was right. Behind what was supposed to be the restaurant was a door that wasn't on any floor plans they had and the three targets were inside a gazebo in the garden. Dean climbed back on the roof and froze. Just above and in front of him, one of the guards was looking down at the street. He planted himself on the shingle, as flat as possible, and opened his switchblade, holding his breath. The guard got his phone out and made a call. He talked in Italian for a few minutes, making jokes, laughing, and moving from side to side. After a few tense minutes, he ended the call he moved away towards where Dean first saw him. Dean closed and pocketed the blade and moved, avoiding the two guards, he reached a dormer he could hide behind while still seeing the gazebo. On the other side, he could see the original door barred with plywood which meant only the Italians could enter through their makeshift entryway. He took pictures and remained there watching Tom Sawyer bring food and drinks. Eventually, the three left but Dean found himself blocked on the roof - two more men joined the guards with wine and food. All four sat on a slow slope and started eating. Moving in any direction meant Dean would be seen so he waited.
Cas nodded in agreement. The music was so loud Dean resorted to prayer to have at least half a conversation with Cas.
“Hey now, don’t go there. Chuck was a dick for calling you broken. You are the best of them and you’re my angel. Okay?” Dean smiled, nudged him a bit, and kissed him on the crown of his head. Cas nodded and went back to his book “Well, you are right. My heavenly father had a crack in his everything and he got what he deserved”. Dean went back to his laptop. After a while, he remembered what he wanted to find out in the beginning.
“We can’t have anyone in the school scenting you. You weren’t going to just leave it right?” Benny frowned disapprovingly at him.
Cas turned to the woman, dipping his voice even lower “she IS my daughter, but… even if she wasn’t, what other people do, willingly and freely, is none of your concern. Others are not responsible for your children, you are. And the road to Hell… is paved with bad intentions. The things you do for the reasons you do them?” Cas’ eyes scanned the woman’s face and chest, “that gets you in Hell, not the music one listens to. And you’re destined to perdition.”
They went with their usual rounds of buying food, also picking up some toiletries. Dean noticed some of the other couriers in the dairy aisle. He gave a tentative wave but he was met with glares. Sam growled a bit, barely audible.
Dean was half awake when Cas put the laptop on the nightstand, moved him on his side and wrapped himself around him, chest pressed to his back and nose buried in the crook of his neck. He started purring.
“Of course you want to impress Dean, he’s not getting any younger. Pretty soon the sex won’t be fun anymore.”
Dean's scent soured, but Cas continued. "This is not about your past. I said "we". Both of us. It's just about safety and good practice. We both had multiple previous partners. Okay?" He cradled the omega’s face, running his thumbs on his cheekbones.
“I… I didn’t even realized I was flirting. I guess with women it’s more of a reflex for me. I am sorry I made you uncomfortable. I’ve….I’ve never actually been in a hotel. Only…cheap motels and dingy apartments. I guess I was nervous. I am sorry, I didn’t think anything of it.”
“Oh right, I forgot about Texas. Anyway, Booby isn’t really my uncle, he’s one of Dad’s friends from South Dakota. As far as I know, Dad is our only relative.”
He picked up Sam from his school and they made their way to the Audi, deciding to go to the Harvelles for dinner.
Ellen let go, hugged Sam, kissing the top of his head, and turned to Cas, who was smoking a cigarette, leaning on his car.
The drive to the motel was done in silence. In the parking lot, Cas opened the glove compartment and extracted a pair of leather gloves, some brass knuckles, big zip ties and duct tape. He gave Dean the knuckles and put the gloves on himself.
Dean looked confused so Charlie explained herself. "We have this thing where the one that loses their V-card pays for drinks." She finger-stabbed him in the shoulder. "You'll be the first. Which is kind of funny seeing you joined us last."
"Your younger brother will remain under her guardianship until you are emancipated and legally an adult then she can relinquish the guardianship to you."
well aware of that. The corners of Cas’ mouth were tugging upwards slightly, his scent back to oranges and tobacco, but making no attempt to scold Dean for growling at what essentially was one of the omega’s superiors. Hannah turned to look at Dean but she quickly lowered her eyes when she found herself in the sight of the omega’s death stare, understanding exactly who the Avtoritet was backing in this. Seeing her submission, Dean cut off the growl and adjusted in his seat in a huff.
“There’s this concert tomorrow, it’s a band I like, The Pretty Reckless. I’m sure you haven’t heard of it”
“You know Cas, I really need to meet the guy who made this playlist” He smiled and started singing again.
"Take your time, breathe. It's a high-stress situation." Jenny smiled kindly, waiting with her pen at the ready.
Finally, lunch arrived and Dean was gleaming the menu. “I decide to be fine ‘till the end of the week” he repeated the mantra he learned from Frank Devereaux all those years before. He faked a smile towards the waitress. He ate out of habit. He ate because that was what he should do. It was called a being professional. That was the word, wasn’t it?
. It wasn’t ideal but it also was more than he ever had. Sam plastered to his side and Dean stroked his hair and kissed the top of his head, encouraging the pup to scent him. Jody and Ellen finished the paperwork and Jody left after handing Dean the keys. Together, Dean, Sam and Ellen went to the store to buy food, beddings and towels, Ellen insisting on paying for everything as a home-warming gift. They swung by the Roadhouse to pick up Jo on the way back. They had dinner, the four of them, laughing and talking without a care in the world for a bit. Ellen promised to wait for Cas before going forward with the emergency motion for guardianship. The two brothers moved to unpack the Audi and claim their bedrooms.
“Chuck didn’t make all this. He started life but evolution still occurred. He toyed with sentient beings for his amusement. I don’t think animals amused him that much. “
Dean followed the woman. He had left his jacket in the hallway. She instructed Dean to take a seat. At the head of the table sat Mr Moore, Sam and Jess on opposite sides. Dean took the seat next to Sam. Mrs Moore joined them with the food. They started eating. It was nice at first. They did small talk, about the school, college plans for Sam and Jess.
“That is funny coming from the guy that has been eating alone for two weeks. So, new kid, what gives?”
“So…Uhm…I’m not….I’m not praying to you, Cas, to laugh about…angel-less days. Although all my days are angel-less now, I guess because well, you’re….you know, you’re dead.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. Why was it so hard to say it, especially to a dead guy who would never actually hear it?
“NO. You, alone at 24 at a concert with drunk frat boys in GROUPS? No. We’re coming. Think of it as family bonding time.”
“Off hunting some douche that violated his parole. He had some domestic violence charges. It was somewhere upstate. Saving people, hunting things - the family motto.”
"Back in Illinois, I had this friend in school. He presented early - alpha - and his… his mom gave him up because her second alpha husband refused to raise him. So he got sent to an all-boy alpha orphanage." Sam's voice was small. "But I'll go if it means Cas stays with you and keeps you safe from Dad.”
"That is true. There is more time for that, Mr Winchester," Cas’ lips were turning slightly upwards.
At 7 am the phone alarm shattered his fitful sleep. He moved slowly, stretching to get rid of the strain in his muscles from the uncomfortable position. He woke up Sam and told him he'll be going to Walmart for breakfast and he should pack the car for the day. Dean bought coffee from the vending machine after securing bread, peanut butter and jam and they ate in silence in the car. Dean checked his collection of fake IDs. Robert Bonham was toast, Peter Townsend was fried as his Dad used the Townsends at the Sainsbury. The only one left was an Arkansas ID that looked worse for wear and had an old picture of Dean that didn’t look like him now so that was useless. They had to settle for living in the car until Cas could help them so Dean started it and steered it towards the school. On the there way Sam cleared his voice.
Cas kissed Dean tenderly on his lips and the omega melted into his arms. Sam got out of the shower wrapped in a towel and mumbled something about getting dressed and coming for breakfast so the couple moved to the table. The young alpha joined them and Dean gave him an OJ glass and a bagel filled with bacon and goat cheese, before returning to his own bagel and coffee cup. Cas chose a hot dog for himself and kept light conversation with the omega. Halfway through breakfast, Cas turned towards Sam.
The angels reluctantly did as they were told. Dean had been dangerous as a human, they did not really want to find out what he’d be capable of as a knight of hell. At least Cas was alive, he wasn’t in the best hands, but he wasn’t in any danger, he might actually be the most well-protected angel at the moment. And it wasn’t like they were leaving Hell empty-handed, they had managed to save at least one angel today, just not the one they’d been going for.
Lucifer and Gabriel had expected a lot of different things when they walked into that throne room. They had expected Dean to be sitting on the throne, they had expected him to point them to their little brother’s mangled body, they wouldn’t have been surprised to see a pair of scorched black angel wings pinned to the wall behind the throne, or a decorative vial filled with grace to be visible somewhere. What they had not expected was to find Cas in the throne room, completely unscathed, freshly showered and wearing clean clothes. Gabriel recognised the clothes to belong to Dean, they were definitely a few sizes too big for cas. The only thing Cas was wearing that did not belong to Dean were his shoes, a pair of pristine white slip-on shoes that were a few sizes too big for his feet.
The stranger must have felt my sudden fear as I realised where I am, because they suddenly turn me around with my back against the wall. I try to fight, but I am still frozen in place, unable to move anything other than my eyes. I can finally see the stranger. Their vessel is that of a young man, very similar looking to Dean, but I can see his true age in his eyes, a dark green, like moss or needles on a pine tree. This creature is old, very, very old.
“Cas,” I speak, since the figure doesn’t seem to be moving on its own. The miserable pile of feathers moves a little, revealing two familiar blue eyes. A soft whisper comes from within it, “Dean?” Cas’ voice sounds small, scared, and somehow even more rough than it used to be.
The throne room is mostly empty, save for the blood and guts that are scattered all over the floor. Another new addition to the decor is a very disgruntled Crowley sitting on a throne made of cardboard, with a plastic tiara sitting crooked on his head. Dean himself is occupying the real throne, playing with the rainbow slinky while Cas sits on the floor between his legs, following every movement with his eyes. Lucifer clears his throat to get Dean’s attention as the two archangels march over to the small podium. Dean, the cocky bastard, doesn’t move from his throne, doesn’t run away, but Lucifer can smell the fear on him, he’s terrified, he knows he won’t win in a fight.
Now they just have to wait for Sam to finish his thing. It would probably be best not to disturb him, so the angels decide to just hang around the infirmary until it’s done. Samandriel and Jack had the genius idea to bring in some chairs for everyone to sit in and so the gathered around Cas’ bed, waiting. Lucifer takes a seat next to the bed, right by Cas’ head, and Gabriel does the same thing on the other side. Jack and Samandriel are wrapped up in a conversation of their own, so the two archangels finally have a chance to inspect Cas for any physical damage. Strangely enough, they don’t find any, save for a few small, circular bruises on his neck and chest. Apart from those, Cas’ physical body is in pristine condition.
Then he takes a step closer and runs his hand through my wings again, “You’re mine now, angel, my own little pet.” I can’t do much more than nod at this point. When he removes his hand from my wing, I instantly miss the warmth, I can feel a burning sensation in the corners of my eyes as the fallen angel turns around and leaves out the door. Before closing it though, he turns to me one last time and whispers, “The name’s Belial, by the way.” Then there is darkness. I can feel tears running down my face as the fallen angel’s scent slowly dissipates.
“Okay. I’ll help.” He could at least try, chances of finding Razi were slim, but it was still worth a shot. “So where do we start?”
Such a shame that Heaven didn’t trust him enough to help him in his search, not that there were enough angels left anyway. Things really had changed a lot back home, hadn’t they? Luckily, Lucifer knew of some tricks that would definitely get him back in his sibling’s good graces, resurrecting some of the younger angels would be a great start.
“I miss Castiel.” It was out there before he knew it, before he could stop himself from saying it. But it was true, Lucifer did in fact miss his little brother. Maybe it was time to include some others into his plan to return him home.
“So why are you here,” I ask. The fallen angel leans in close and whispers, “I just want to play a little game with you, distract myself from work a little. Nothing for you to worry your pretty little head about.”
“Hey there, buddy. Come on, let’s get you home,” I say. Thankfully Cas listens, as he is slowly unfurling his body. Now that he is sitting up, I can see the damage done to his body. The gashes in his torso, the bruises, the holes through his wings, I still can’t get over the sight of those wings but now is not the time for that, and his legs…oh god, his legs. I see the weird angles and already know what’s up. The demon broke his legs, his fucking legs.
“Just lean back and relax.” I do as I am told and hang back in my chains, pretending I am lying in a hammock. I’ve never been in a hammock, but they look like fun.
When the two brothers had composed themselves again, Gabriel patted the pillow next to him on the floor and Lucifer gladly sat down.
“Nothing really, just thinking back to the old days. Remember when dad would let us “help” build the universe? We basically did the celestial equivalent of a child throwing glitter onto everything to make it prettier, didn’t we?”
it, but… I’m worried about Cassi. He followed Dean Winchester into hell and never returned. If he’s being held captive I need to get him out, I owe him that.” Lucifer lowered his head, pretending to find a loose thread on his pillow to be extremely interesting, trying to hide his expression.
waiting for permission, which Dean granted in the form of a nod. Cas got to his feet and walked over to the edge of the podium to retrieve the rainbow slinky and then returned to his spot next to the throne, where he continued playing with it, completely mesmerised by the colours.
“Group hug!” Suddenly Gabriel’s arms were thrown around the both of them and squeezed tightly. Lucifer laughed as he struggled to get out of his brother’s iron grip, oh how he’d missed this. Back when he had the mark, those feelings where stowed away, deep inside of him, over the centuries the mark had built more and more walls around the part of him that cared, but now that the mark was gone those walls were slowly crumbling.
I am not talking much and that is rude, I understand that, but I am just taking in the beauty of this room. The fallen angel whispers again, “Welcome to my home, let me take you to your room.”
The lesser demon brought the angel over to Dean and then quickly ran back to its corner, where it continued cowering in fear. Finally, Dean left his throne, leaving a disgruntled Castiel behind who was not at all happy that he was no longer receiving affection. Dean walked over to the captive angel and gave them a sideways hug, pulling them into his side as he removed the bag. Underneath it was a very dazed Samandriel. How dean had managed to resurrect the young angel was a mystery, but he’d done it. Gabriel could guess now why Dean hadn’t killed the angel yet. Samandriel had always been one of Cas’ favourite siblings and Dean obviously still cared about Castiel, in his own fucked up way, it made sense.
“And how are you going to get Dean here? Cause, from what I’ve heard, you plan doesn’t include that part, no offence Gabe.”
Lucifer again found himself surprised by his brother’s willingness to help him. “Yeah, sure. Anything.”
I search around for my grace, but it’s hard to locate, I must have depleted it earlier. In the little light there is I can finally see my vessel again. I see the small scrapes on his hands, my hands, and the deep gashes in my arms. Why am I not healing, even with the tiniest bit of grace, at least the bleeding should have slowed down by now. I search around for my grace again, but still it is nowhere to be found.
My wings hurt where my flight feathers had been roughly plucked out, small amounts of blood are trickling out of the countless small wounds and dripping onto the floor. I fall asleep leaning back, ignoring the strain it puts on my wrists, I’m just too tired to care.
After a few hours of work, we’ve managed to get most of the dirt and slime off of my skin and all the wounds and lacerations cleaned and stitched up. My wings are still messy, the sticky slime turns out to be quite tough to remove from feathers, but now that I am no longer at risk of bleeding out or getting an infection, we can properly do something about them. Dean carries me to the bathroom, making sure to keep my bandaged body away from the showers, and turns on the water so that it only hits my wings. We both go to work on them and after another hour they’re finally looking somewhat decent again. One week later we are all sitting in the library. I have created a little corner for myself to sit with my legs stretched out, as they are now in a full cast. We were quite lucky to find a hunter with enough medical knowledge to fix that up. I still cannot walk and the doctor told me I would have to wait 3 or maybe even 4 more months before they are fully healed, until then I have my crutches. So now all I can do for 3 months is sit around the bunker, feeling useless, great.
I found myself frozen in place as the voice continued whispering in my ear, “…so soft, I might take some for myself. It’s not like you’ll be needing them anyways.” Their accent was strange, like they weren’t fully used to speaking English yet, something about the accent felt familiar though.
Shit, he had to come up with something. He didn’t really want to blow Gabe’s cover so using his own name would be bad, it would be bad anyway, not many people associate that name with anything good. “eh, Freya, hi. Could you all please leave us for a minute?” The young man’s face lit up as he released Lucifer’s wrist from his grip and got to his feet, “Of course, my lady.” One by one the humans left the room, all giving both Gabriel and Lucifer a respectful nod. When the door closed behind the last of them, Lucifer turned to face his brother, who had a wide grin plastered on his face. “Freya?”
