Another few hours went by and Dean’s leg began to throb from random rounds around the bunker. He was still adjusting to the lack of a crutch and it wasn’t quite time to take more pain meds. Dean checked his watch. Cas had been asleep for a few hours now but he wasn’t going to wake him up. It was almost 5am and Jody said they would aim to hit the road by 7 but with all the girls being tired and their room having one bathroom, she had warned Dean they would likely wouldn’t hit the road until 8 or 9. Dean settled into a chair in the war room.
Then, Sam and Eileen had to assist Mary with clearing out a vampire nest on a weekend Dean was planning out so that month was skipped. Then a few months later another weekend had been cancelled. The more time went on the less Dean, Cas, and Jack visited. They always came by at least once every three months and every holiday was a big affair never to be missed in the large bunker. The one-time Cas and Eileen did manage to convince him to hand the reins temporarily to someone else, they had taken a road trip to the beach for a week when Jack was about two years old. Yet somehow Sam didn’t notice the time between visits spanning greater lengths. Life was busy and time stretched out.
He had never planned on bringing this up but his jealousy and feelings were swirling in a confusing mixture of emotion. Cas settled back in the chair and appeared to think deeply about his answer before speaking.
“If you two are up for it, do you want to come to Jack’s pee-wee soccer game? If you aren't, we can swing by the house and drop you off so you can rest,” Dean asked while packing up the table. He seemed relaxed since he came back and almost back to normal.
If someone had been watching, they would be able to practically be able to map out Dean’s internal struggle. Dean’s arms would start to shift to a more relaxed position naturally and bring Jack closer to him. The split-second Dean lost focus he would cradle Jack in a softer position. Dean would catch himself, remind himself that he didn’t like Jack, and he would straighten his arms out again with determined force. Every fiber of his being seemed to protest this unnatural position. His brain and body were at war.
At least they were together, wherever they were. That thought brought the first pure shred of happiness since waking up. Heaven was supposed to be a highlight of his best memories and even though Dean thought he knew where he was that didn’t explain why Cas was here with him. Not that he was complaining but it couldn’t be a memory because Cas wasn’t there when he had stumbled upon their current location.
“You killed Death, your angel killed me, little did you know that the way the universe works is the first reaper killed after Death dies becomes the new Death.”
“Hey, sorry we got a little wrapped-up upstairs. Realized we forgot to do a few things to get the room ready for you. We were planning on doing them tomorrow before you got here but we got it done tonight.”
One sunny March morning, they waited for increasingly familiar Dr. Stern to come into the small exam room Dean had seen far too much for his liking. Between his appointments and Jack’s, Dean was tired of the doctor’s office. Dean held Jack on his lap in the chair while Cas anxiously paced about the room. It was almost three weeks after Dean’s apology and things were normal between them but because Jack was distressed so was Cas (and Dean). The nurse had already checked Jack’s vitals and taken their responses about how feeding and other things that were important to the health of a ten-month old.
A fit of laughter rose up in Sam after he read the message and saw notifications for more messages. Dean rolled his eyes and mimicked Claire’s words under his breathe sarcastically while Sam cackled from his spot in the passenger seat. Sam couldn’t remember the last time he had such a good time poking fun at Dean. Sam went back to reading the texts on his phone.
Hannah looked unamused at that comment while Balthazar looked absolutely thrilled at his statement. The atmosphere in the room had changed and now Dean just felt annoyed. Mackenzie looked overwhelmed so Dean took the opportunity to ease the tension and make a joke.
Dean was nervous and he wasn’t even apologizing to the actual Cas. Historically, Winchesters weren’t used to giving apologies but if he continued on the path he was on he was going to lose Cas for good. That was a pain that only came second to Sam dying in his arms many years ago and Cas laid up in the hospital bed almost dying. Dean Winchester may suck at apologies but maybe Dean Smith did apologize when he was wrong.
It was Schrodinger’s door. Behind the simple door that Dean had restored was the answer to the question he couldn’t voice. A question that if answered opened the floodgates to more questions leading to the big question. THE question about Dean and Cas. Until he opened that door, Cas was both not sharing a room with his brother and sharing a room with his brother.
Before Dean had a chance to ponder that further, Cas wandered up with few plants in his arms and set them in the cart.
Peeking over his hand, Dean saw Rowena dressed in a dark blue gown and smiling at him like she knew all his secrets. She just might after spending the week with them and getting lots of favors from the star-struck hunters. They fawned over the witch. Rowena had been the one to point out that a majority of the hunters who had stuck around the bunkers were in their twenties or early thirties before reminding Dean of his own age earlier in the week. They were fresh meat and more malleable than experienced hunters like Dean.
The silence on the other end of the phone was deafening until Sam spoke again, “He called me and asked me to talk to you. He refused to say anything else so you need to tell me what you did.”
Dean cast another look around the clearing and found Sam had been thrown backwards much like he had been and hit the side of the house. The force of the explosion and the collision with the house made him look like a crumpled ragdoll. Blood trickled down his temple but he appeared lucky to escape relatively uninjured from what Dean could see. Sam started using the side of the house to push himself to a standing position and for a brief moment he was happy that Sam had been lucky enough to escape serious injury.
Dean’s pride took another hit in a series of never stopping blows. He knew he should accept his limitations now but that never stopped him before. No matter how injured he was he got back up and fought back. When he was dying of heart failure, he checked himself out of the hospital and they plowed through that and even managed to kill a monster not long after he had been healed. His entire life was spent broken, beaten, and bruised while fighting back every time. It was different know Dean knew, even if he didn’t want to admit it. This was not a mountain to overcome but an uphill battle that would never end. His leg and his life were now changed and this change was permanent.
As the hunter's vision slowly started to clear, he could see the moment they pitched off the road. The impala started slipping down the embankment, sideways, before the right wheels sunk into the snow and mud and she rolled. Both occupants were helpless as the vehicle went wheels up and finally ended up righted again as it hit the tree. The crack as the glass splintered and groan of twisting metal pushed through the night. Then silence and blackness.
Cas had spent the first two hours after Sam left just sitting in the bedroom and trying to pretend he was reading a book and not just staring at Dean as if he might spontaneously die now that help was gone. Dean had eventually called him on his shit, and Cas reluctantly stopped hovering. Eventually he had been cornered into yet another old cowboy movie, how he didn't know.
He turned the corner, walking down the two steps before acknowledging the room's inhabitants. Kevin sat at the table, a book open in front of him. Sam meanwhile was cooking what appeared to be egg whites or some sort of other Dean-proclaimed 'hippy food'. The older Winchester took the direct path to the fridge, opening it up and pulling out a bottle of beer, taking it with him to go plop down across from the prophet. He tried to ignore Sam's bitch face, not sure if it had more to do with everything that had happened, or his choice of breakfast beverage.
"Crowley at this point at least seemed different. And he didn't look like he was one foot in the grave."
"You fell asleep towards the end of the film… I know sleep is somewhat rare for you, so I did not want to interrupt. I must have fallen asleep shortly after."
By the time Sam returned from his run, he could hear the pots and pans being moved around in the kitchen. He headed over to investigate, surprised to find his brother halfway through making breakfast. "You're up early."
Cas removed his coat and sat on the bed, watching Dean select a movie. Dean moved his hand to allow Paka to slip in between them and settle down.
The hunter startled and turned around. His brother was gone, and just Cas was standing directly behind him, empty plate in hand. He wasn't sure how long he zoned out for.
"The tablet for Cas." Dean clenched his fists, body shaking slightly from the tension. "Even trade."
Cas pulled his own gun out, feeling strange holding the new weapon. He had fired a shotgun a handful of times, usually when his grace was on its last legs, but never a handgun, and never when he was at full power. Still, Dean was right. The advantage of a ranged weapon was clear.
. And he really felt himself relax fully. He could imagine himself here. He could imagine feeling what Cas felt.
By then Cas had shifted to sitting sideways on the couch, his feet up next to him on the cushions, his back against a couple pillows, trying to get comfortable in his newly limited form. He startled slightly when he felt the weight slip from under his fingers and he looked up to find the demon staring directly at him, eyes pitch black.
Castiel was just starting to get used to the sounds of the hospital when he became aware of a new sound approaching his room. He tried to straighten up a bit on his reclined position to see what was happening. A nurse was walking in ahead of another bed, and Cas' breath caught in his throat. "Dean!"
He managed to repress the urge to go check on Dean, trying to respect his wishes of privacy. For hours he flipped absently through books he'd already picked clean in the vain hope reading them again would yield some revelation on how to remove the mark.
Sam was right behind him, his eyes on the ground, watching his step as they made their way as fast as they could through the poorly traveled path. He froze when they came to the edge of the clearing by the lake and he could see the body laid out in the moonlight.
Crowley pointed, and the pair turned, seeing the deceased body of one anarchist angel. "Now then, shall we get going?" He didn't wait for a response as he reached out his hands and suddenly they were outside of the cabin. "I'd go in, but apparently my invite has been revoked. I'll leave you to it. He still seemed in rough shape when I last left." Crowley mock bowed. "I'll be waiting here if you require any more assistance my liege."
Dean snorted a humorless laugh. "Yeah. Barely. I got myself to that portal because I knew it was the only way out for Benny and You. I had people to worry about. That's all that's ever kept my shit together."
When they parted, Cas leaned his head forward to rest against Dean's. He closed his eyes, his voice dropping in volume from before. "You have to try."
"The mark brought him back. He was dead one minute, and then..." Cas was having a hard time getting the air he needed to speak.
Dean lost his fight with consciousness almost immediately after, and Cas stayed put, hoping that his body heat would help in some small way, that he could make a difference at all. He was pinned now, his good arm under the hunter, but he didn't mind. With his newly horizontal position, he knew he was soon to lose his own fight with consciousness.
He allowed himself to almost drift off and didn't pay attention until he felt the shift and almost falling feeling that accompanied their descent. He was glad when they landed and the flurry of activity picked up again. This time the pain of movement was far less, and he figured he had whatever they added to his IV to thank for that. He glanced over at Dean, but nothing seemed different.
Dean pulled back as suddenly as he had let himself move forward, eyes wide like a deer in the headlights. He was grateful for the almost immediate crashing sound down the hallway. He whipped around, welcoming the distraction, and grabbed an angel blade off the tray table of tools. "We have to get out of here before Malachi comes back." He said quickly, not allowing his brain to spare any thoughts about what just happened.
"Your heart is slowing. And all of your wounds are closing." Dean looked over the last of the bruising Cas sustained during his fit. "If I had to guess, your grace will be near full again by morning. It's almost ten at night now."
Sam hopped over the steps down into the electrical room, throwing open the metal cage door and slamming the breaker down. The bunker locked down, lights cutting to the emergency red. "That will lock the door. Now we just have to find him." He heard a cry for help echoing from down the hallway. "Kevin…" Sam breathed, turning and starting to run back towards the library.
The demon considered that there were possibly ways to get out, but realistically they were probably not worth it.
"You had that look… the look that you get when you're feeling guilty about something." Cas explained. "And I'm here to tell you, it's not your fault."
Dean growled, turning abruptly and taking a few steps away. He stopped and turned to level a dark look at Cas, entirely frustrated. After a second he jerked his gaze away, and in a blink he was gone.
Dean threw his head backwards into Cas' stunning him for long enough to push him off and swing again. Cas cried out as the knife slid up over his face, splitting a path through his cheek and across his nose and forehead, just barely missing the eye.
Just past the four hour mark, Cas had the passive thought that perhaps Dean had left for good, leaving him to rot here in this prison. He couldn't decide if that would be better or worse. However before eight hours had passed, Dean blinked back into the room, staggering slightly but managing to stay on his feet as he landed. He walked towards one of the work tables, casually tossing the first blade onto it. Cas bit back a reaction, watching the hunter walk into the harsh light.
"Whatever. Glad you're safe." Dean pulled away, walking off to get some space himself, to regroup before he would rejoin them.
Dean winced. He thought in silence for a few minutes. "If Theo's grace is burning through you… what does that mean?"
"Dean." Sam's voice instantly put Dean on edge, and he moved to the edge of the couch, straightening his shoulders.
"I healed from it for a while." He paused for a moment, making up his mind on what to skip. "I found an opportunity and I knocked him out. I painted the devil's trap and managed to crack the wall to split the warding and call you."
Dean was immediately impressed by how short he felt. He'd been in this cabin before, and dozens of cabins basically just like this one. But being eye level with the countertops really threw off his sense of normalcy. His face flushed hot for a second thinking back to when Bobby got stuck in the chair. He snapped out of the memory as he felt something furry and small slip from under the wheelchair and past his feet. He narrowed his eyes, watching the cat running to start following Cas around the kitchen, occasionally weaving right under the former angel's chair.
The two of them had stayed out of the bunker until the sun began to set. When the first fireflies started to appear Dean had reluctantly steered them back towards the safety of home. Suddenly self conscious, the hunter had refused to let his mind rest long enough to think for the rest of the night. Research, dinner, cleaning. When it was late enough to "sleep" he bid Sam and Cas goodnight and retreated to his own room to listen to music and brood in peace.
They all jumped slightly, looking up as Dean's phone rang. He looked at it, reading an unknown number before answering it. "Yes?"
"What? Oh…" Sam coughed, giving a nod. "Uh, here, if I shift him up a bit, I can work." He positioned his brother, arm over his head. "Then if you can just sort of hold his arm up, I can fix these stitches."
"This is all too fucking much. I don't even know what happened, Cas. I don't know why I-" The hunter began pacing, an impulse he did not give into often. He stopped almost as quickly as he started, his back to the angel. "Everything happened so fast, everything yesterday happened so damn fast, and I... " He whipped around, and froze, taking in whatever expression Cas was wearing now. It wasn't indifference… if Dean had to guess, it was pain.
He looked up, eyes glowing bright blue as the light built around him. He couldn't hear anything over his own heart beat, pounding with the strain of the violent war inside him. He could see Dean's mouth moving, feel the vibrations in the hunter's chest as he said or maybe shouted something at him, but he couldn't make out any of the words.
Dean watched Cas' entire facade deflate the second Sam left the room. He was impressed by just how much Cas was keeping it together entirely for Sam's sanity. He reached up, finding the former angel's hand again and giving it a reassuring squeeze.
Dean dropped his hands, allowing the angel to move forward again. He felt Cas' hand rest briefly on the side of his face, and he pressed into the touch before he felt the surge of grace that helped coax him once more into rest.
"He's a demon. The original knight of hell, who trained the rest. Gave it all up for a chick, and killed them when they threatened her."
"Yeah. Bobby made sure of it. Every safe-house can get deliveries. It's sort of important since hunters usually hole up mostly when they're injured."
"Whatever they are, he wasn't specific on details and I wasn't asking. We'll cross that bridge when we get to it."
"Yeah, but we have a problem." He flipped it open. "I have no idea what language this even is." He glared at Crowley. "Can you read this?"
Gadreel looked down. "I would be lying to say I did not entertain the thought for a moment, but only just." He looked up, making eye contact with Cas. "I took some advice from a friend and conferred with my vessel. We chose to appear acquiescent and bring this information to you."
The hunter reached up to ghost his hand over the handprint scar that never faded. "But you couldn't always find me." Dean pointed out.
Sam watched him for a few minutes, choosing what he wanted to say. "Thank you." He said quietly, getting Cas' attention. "I don't think he would have made it through the last couple days without you."
Liam screamed at the noise, clinging harder to Dean, hiding his face from the horrors stalking them.
"I keep recalling memories. Both recent and of the last few years… but with each memory comes a flood of emotions I never truly could feel before. It makes resting very difficult."
Sam shook his head, though he was out of Dean's view. "I don't know about the rest but… everyone on this floor who wasn't a demon didn't make it." Sam said softly.
"Yeah, the idiot thought he had a cold, and ignored the raging infection in his shoulder." Dean leaned back against the wall as Sam stood and moved across the table, taking the spot Cas vacated. "Came out to ask for cold medicine and passed out on the floor."
... " Sam breathed. "After hell he was never quite the same, and it took him months after purgatory to be more or less alright. What if this is one he can't recover from?"
"I looked through his mind, seeing if it were possible to ease the pain, or if necessary take the memories entirely."
Dean looked at Cas, watching him crumble, and turned in his seat. In a role reversal from months ago he pulled the angel against him, resting him onto his own chest and wrapping an arm around him. "Talk to me."
"Ezekiel could heal him, while healing himself. But he'd have to possess Sam. I saw inside Sam's mind, he was already talking to Death. I tricked him into saying yes. But Zeek said if Sam ejected him before he was done, Sam was a goner."
"It's almost three in the afternoon." Dean said softly. He frowned. "When'd you finally get to sleep?"
Dean's head raced trying to grasp onto any plan at all, and finally his face set. He picked up his phone again.
"In a touch of irony, Benjamin found his host long before we were together on earth to punish just such a disobedience."
Sam ducked out of the room, returning rolling a new wheelchair, shoving it over near the angel should it be needed. He unrolled a pair of stocking like socks, unrolling them and shoving the blankets, going for Dean's foot without receiving permission or giving warning.
"This is the only thing we have that can get near taking out Metatron. If you want to sit around here with your head up your ass, that's on you, but me? I'm going to go kill him."
Sam let out his breath, leaning back in the chair. He didn't want to admit just how rattled he had been while he prepared to go inside. He was silent for a few minutes, thinking through everything that was happening. "Are you sure it's safe to just have him wandering around here?" Sam asked at last. "You could keep him locked up the whole time. Put him in here, salt the door behind him, keep your distance."
Cas set his mouth in a line, thinking for a second. "It's strange. Things I could normally filter out plague me."
The hunter was silent for a while, considering if he was willing to talk at all. His instinct was to bury this under layers of denial and whiskey, but he had been trying to do better. To trust Cas. To allow himself to open up to someone. "I didn't expect to care about you."
Castiel hesitated, but nodded. "I found sleep for about an hour, but my dreams were most unpleasant. Sleep has eluded me since."
The hunter started to catch his breath, and finally managed the mental control to shove the firearm back under his pillow. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, sitting up and trying to ground himself. He rubbed his face and head, taking a deep breath and reminding himself he was in his room and safe.
"I figure we'll make it to just inside Pennsylvania today, then make it up to Pinehurst early the next morning. Sound fair?"
Dean had lost his shirt at some point, instead dressed down to his black boxer briefs under the open tan coat.
"It's the best we have. Cas and I will hole up here and you can go make sure Kevin and the former king of dicks are settled."
Dean cursed again under his breath, trying to think of a plan. He shifted the kid's weight up against his shoulder. Liam still had a death grip around his neck, his face buried deep in Dean's shoulder, his cries shaking his entire body.
He jumped as a fireman knocked on the window next to him, and he turned his head, making eye contact as he continued to hold the freezing hunter close to his chest.
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, holding him close for a moment. He worked through an unexpected rush of emotions himself, surprised by how relieved he was to see Cas upright. His mind had been turning since Crowley mentioned the angel's grace. He felt warm as Cas tentatively wrapped his arms around him as well.
"This is just you trying to trick me into stopping, and it isn't going to work." Sam walked forward with the blood in hand.
The three stood firm beside the red station wagon as they waited for the scribe to show, and when he did, Dean was the first to step forward. "Where is he, asshole?"
Nevertheless, Sam stood with the plate intended for the prophet and hurried as fast as he could, cutting Kevin off before he could wander into the kitchen and meet the powder keg at the wrong moment.
Dean's mood only continued to improve as they left Pinehurst behind for Amherst, and by the time they pulled into the parking lot for dinner, he was practically grinning. "And look at that, not too crowded yet. The night just gets better and better."
Cas opened his eyes, still laying on the bed in Dean's room. His eyes watched Dean intently as his eyelids just started to flutter.
Dean started to properly wake up and take stock of himself and everything after a cup of coffee in the small diner off the highway. He looked at Cas who was absently watching the silent weather report in the corner television and took a second to appreciate what he was doing for him. The drive was helping his mind clear, or at the very least helping distract him.
Dean walked back into his room, letting his shoulders sink in relief when his door was closed. One obstacle down. He threw his clothes and laptop into his duffel. He pulled his favorite gun out from under his pillow, doing a routine check of the magazine before throwing it on top of the clothes and zipping it shut. He slung it over his shoulder, heading out to the library himself.
"Okay… okay…." Sam's voice was shaking, and he gathered up Dean's duffel, thrusting the shot guns into it, zipping it up. "Cas you-"
Dean Winchester was giving up. Just two months after Cas had felt this first from the hunter, Dean drew his first blood in hell.
Dean started forward, giving a quick percussive knock to warn Sam it was just him before opening the door. He noted the intact salt line and repaired devils trap. Crowley hadn't been wrong. Bracing himself against what he was sure was inevitable rage, he kept moving forward. "Sam-"
Cas pulled an unreadable face. He considered it for a minute before he settled into a chair next to the younger hunter. "May I assist in the research?"
"Samuel, at least listen to what I have to ask before throwing it out." Dean growled, his eyes turning black as the annoyance threatened to ignite in the mark. He took a deep breath, managing to shove it down for the moment.
"Yeah well… sounds about right." They both stopped, looking up as they heard the sound of Sam's door close. Dean counted the minutes before hearing the distant clang of the outer door sound, signalling his brother was out on his morning jog. He took a deep breath. "Cas-"
"I'll call to you if I need help." Cas assured. Sam nodded in response, finally giving in and heading for the door.
"Yes." Cas said simply. "In hell you are just your soul. As such, there is nothing shielding your thoughts from an angel. I did not need to touch you to read your mind. Given who you were, and my mission, I could hear your thoughts plainly even years before you broke. I knew what I would find when I finally breached the final barriers of the hole and reached in to pull you from the pit."
When the pack got ready to make their move, the hunter felt a brief flash of regret, his eyes catching the glint of his gun across the warehouse, well out of reach. He tightened his fingers around the knife, body tensing and ready when the group rushed him at once.
Dean kept the knife pressed to his neck for a moment longer before he roughly yanked back, the blade going back to the pocket of his coat. "You're not off the hook." He spat. He pulled out his phone, dialing Cas' number, and listening to the ring. Metatron had it. This time he
The younger Winchester didn't stop moving until he reached the kitchen, splashing some water on his face and coming to lean against the counter. "He's right." He muttered.
The hunter was no stranger to nightmares, and he was pretty sure the things he had seen would drive a normal man crazy. Four years old, he was dreaming of his mother burning on the ceiling. Then monsters. Losing Sammy. Losing his father. 40 years of hell. They stepped up a solid notch after the Mark of Cain, his stint as a demon doing nothing to help. They intensified after Michael took control and wore his face to a monster slaughter. Jack dying somehow made them even worse.
"Or it kills him." Sam closed his eyes, leaning his head back against the cool tile. He hesitated, debating whether or not to bring up what he overheard. He looked up at the angel. "Do you think he was right? That he won't be able to handle it when he's human."
Dean finally resigned himself, turning and switching on the creaky old shower before stripping down. He let the warm water wash over him, taking layers of thick and sticky blood with it. He ran his hands over his face and pulled his fingers through his hair, freeing it from the horrors that coated it. He closed his eyes, his mind trying to remember Crowley's words of warning the other day. Something about a steam valve. He wondered if it would have mattered if he had paid attention.
"And other than that, it's just waiting for things to heal up. We have the meds. We have the wheelchair-"
Metatron just laughed. "Yeah, no. Sorry cupcake, not going to work." Holding the tablet close he simply took a deep breath and extinguished the fire. Grinning, he backed up, a car pulling behind him. Two angels exited, before a bound and gagged Cas was being pulled from the car after them. "Well, a deal
"Yeah." Dean said, distractedly. "Eventually you get hurt in enough hunts, CPS starts to think something is wrong with the way you're raised. Eventually when I got hurt on hunts it was easier to let me heal at Bobby's and skip school for a couple months than deal with cops at the hospital."
They got back to their room and Dean quickly changed into more practical clothing for a hunt. He double checked his ammo and handed Cas a silver loaded gun of his own. He tucked his into his waistband and headed back outside. Cas watched him stalk from the room and took a deep breath, feeling a strong pull of worry about him.
"Are you coming?" He swung into the car, starting her up. Sam rushed to get into it, barely shutting the door before it was off and on the road again.
"Locked up in this cabin we're going to go insane without something to do. We can't just sit around watching movies for however long it takes you to figure out how to rip this thing off my arm."
Finally he was aware of the sound of Cas yelling his name. One last time he fought his body, finally managing to bring up his gaze to look at the frantic angel. He was surprised to see Cas writhing against his chains, trying in vain to escape, run to him. Cas sounded far away, and almost underwater, the sound of his own pulse drowning out most ambient sounds. Dean mustered up his courage, attempting a small half smile, trying to reassure Cas that it was alright. That things could still be alright.
Dean shook his head. "I'd be lying if I said that wasn't stressful on some level, but honestly it's low on the list of things weighing on my mind." He finished his beer and dropped the empty bottle back into the cooler, pulling out a fresh one. "I've spent so long up to my elbows digging through the crap Crowley has thrown at us and fighting just about every nasty evil thing I could get my hands on. And the entire time, Sam had me scared half to death he was going to drop dead before he could get close to completing the trials. Then he almost did for real and I just-" Dean cut himself off, realizing with abrupt alarm how close he was to letting tears escape.
Sam sighed, grabbing the last of the medical bags out of the newly stolen minivan. He slammed the door shut, turning and heading back towards the disheveled cabin they were about to hole up in. He was dragging his heels, he knew it, but he needed a second to collect himself before forging inside.
Cas turned his attention back to the hunter. "Dean… you need to wake up…" He tried again to give him a light shake. Nothing. Cas found himself beginning to panic. A closer inspection of the hunter turned up blood pooling against the inner door, and the sight made Cas just a little queasy.
Frustration was one of them, deep at his core. Dean was pretty sure he was uncomfortable reading aloud. He had seen how fast Cas flipped through pages when he was just sitting and reading quietly; some sort of angel mojo or something. Reading at a pace that he could read out loud had to be
Steeling himself he walked up the couple steps, heading through the main room of the cabin and into it's only bedroom. There his brother lay, pale and motionless beside the former angel. Castiel has his fingers around the hunter's wrist, keeping his pulse at Sam's request. Sam cleared his throat, pulling him out of his thoughts. "Still the same?"
Dean would say he was just getting comfortable. Cas would observe that Dean was getting as far away as possible while also putting a barrier between them.
Tom beckoned both of them to follow him back towards the office. "Hey, that crusty son of a bitch have a new number or something? I got a pile of truck parts seem right up his alley, can't get a hold of him. Ain't seen hide nor hair of him just as long as you."
"Shit… I left the tubes… Cas, you see what I'm doing?" Sam waited for a nod. "I need you to take over, I have to get the tubes, for the canister." Dean needed oxygen hooked up to this.
Dean moved back when he was done, inspecting his work one last time with a nod. He left for a moment, returning pulling a chair over next to the bed.
"No can do, Moose. I'm looking out for me here, and me alone. Taking down Abaddon, that's just good business. But it ain't worth showing my neck around the potential number of demons I'd need to bust her out. I have a price on my head. Sam gets an address, I get the handsomer Winchester for a game of finders keepers. Everybody wins."
Before either brother could move, the tablet was yanked from Sam's hands, and flew to Metatron's. His eyes glowed blue, the tablet's text glowing to match. Gadreel droped the match, the circle lighting up around the scribe.
"Good." Dean said, trying once more to project confidence. He grinned, clapping Cas on the shoulder before picking up his bag and cooler and leading the way up the steps towards the waiting impala.
Dean was surprised to find himself waking up, not having ever noticed falling asleep. He blinked a few times, the brightness far more intense now that the sun was up. Dean shifted as much as his body would allow, trying to stretch out his stiff muscles a little.
Dean grinned in spite of himself. "What, don't miss huddling in the impala for warmth, stuck in the snow, waiting for rescue?"
"Yes Dean." Cas responded as they parted. He gave one last nod to Dean before he got in the beat up sedan and set off on the road.
"You deserve forgiveness for those sins. You have mine. You should try to forgive yourself." Castiel's answer was immediate and firm.
"And not telling Sam?" the hunter didn't let his glare waver. "And demanding I throw Cas out of the bunker?"
The hunter leaned forward, resting his elbows on top of his knees, letting his mind turn over what was happening.
Dean waited until he heard his door shut before he leaned back against the headboard, arms crossing over his chest, the defensive mask he wore snapping back into place. He could hear his pulse creeping up in speed, hear it echoing in his ears. He sat up again, this time rising to his feet, considering getting washed up and changed. But honestly, that felt like too much time to think. Think about Cas being an angel. Think about letting Cas see his thoughts last night. Think about what these feelings even meant.
"He's the one who brought you back Cas, not April. I thought you were gone. Now Zeek seems like a cool guy, and you vouched for him, but right now Sam just got blasted god knows where with three pissed off angels and no weapons. And he isn't gonna know what hit him."
"And we just what? Let him stay a demon forever? Hope he gets in control of it faster than Cain did? Before he commits another massacre? Or twenty?" Sam snapped.
Sam did when he left, Dean relaxed fairly quickly. The day was split between naps and conversation with Cas.
“One second. Papa, one for you. Uncle Sam, one for you. Aunt Ei, one for you,” Jack said as he carefully handed out a dandelion to each of them.
Sam stopped talking when Dean glared at him. Part of him was pissed at Sam for even suggesting Cas was dead and gone. Cas was still here, Dean could feel it. The other part of him fractured inside at Sam’s words. If he could fall to his knees, he would have at the thought of Cas being dead.
“Okay, upbringing. Probably should be super religious because well,” Dean said gesturing vaguely at all of Cas who gave him dirty look in response, “It would track with your knowledge of religion and your name but it’s up to you. We can do everything from relaxed to super strict. If you want hippie parents, a cult, or something else, we can do that too. It’s up to you.”
“You were sleeping. Your second dose of the new painkillers had just hit and if you remember, we tried a higher dose. You decided to sleep it off while I went to make the appointment. That’s when they sent us the information and we discussed everything and made a plan.”
Cas returned a short minute later with Jack’s bottle and passed it to Dean’s open hand. One of the unspoken Jack rules was you always pass the bottle to the baby holder not the other way around because Jack may get upset at the prolonged wait and shatter a light…
He was drawn from his sorrows with a scream from the table. Kaia has her eyes closed and was thrashing in the chair. Claire had rushed over from her position next to Alex and was trying to soothe her.
Dean didn’t want out. He wasn’t going to walk away from Jack and Cas. Never again. He wanted to be a parent to Jack. He wanted to be what he felt down in his soul. He wanted to be Jack’s Papa.
The brace they had prepared for Dean came from the collective decision of all three of the doctors who viewed his films and thought it would be best for his situation. It looked like a monstrosity in comparison to the small brace on the counter. It is completely black and would extend from the top of the thigh down to just under his calf above his ankle. It had four thick, banded sections that completely wrapped around his leg. Two bands sat above the knee and two sat below the knee.
It wasn’t a question but Dean still grunted in affirmation. Something dark crossed Cas’s face in that moment. It was a look he hadn’t seen in a long time. He was pissed and he was staring straight at Dean.
“There is still no way, not without leaving the injured, the elderly, or the kids behind at our camp.”
Duma opened her mouth to respond before her eyes went wide and she focused on something behind Dean. She shoved Dean out of the way and crumpled against him as Dean felt a devastating blow strike her back. Dean grabbed her weight and began to pull her further into the hallway on instinct alone.
The second story felt different. Eileen decided as they ascended the stairs they would tackle the rooms together. The bathroom and
Dean was told by Cas’s doctor on the same day hours later that they didn’t know if he would wake up at all. They would not know how much brain function he would have if he did wake up after the code and the accident itself.  They had no idea what caused the code either.
"Basically." Dean admitted. "Saw that Sam didn't come out to check the break in and improvised. Played right into their hand."
"No, not because that." Dean dismissed. "He's riding my ass about seeing us last night or whatever, and if I punch him so soon after lying to him, I'm never gonna hear the end of it." Dean let his head thunk back against the glass. "I have nothing to say to him."
"Cas and I… we fight monsters all the time. Sometimes it gets a little scary, but we always win in the end, okay?" Whether it was true or not, Dean needed Liam to believe it, and as he watched the kid start to breathe a little easier, he knew he had. Dean softened his features. "Besides… you already know Cas has super powers, so you know you're going to be okay, right?"
He slipped behind the wheel, his heart pounding in his chest, feeling utterly disoriented by what happened. He wasn't sure what had chipped away at his carefully crafted armor, but he wasn't going to let it happen again.
The younger Winchester jumped slightly when he finally noticed Cas walking up to the table, but he offered a sincere smile after. "Hey. Don't you have to sleep now?"
"I'm not going to sit around and wait to suffer some painful terrible fate. I'm going to leave. Listen guys, I'm even willing to deal. You want to keep the first blade? Fair compromise. Less temptation, less damage, right?" He shook his head slowly. "I promise to be good. If the father of murder can settle down than why not let me?"
"Dean." Cas said firmly, in a voice that Dean couldn't ignore. The former angel waited until Dean made eye contact again. "I am where I want to be. I am not leaving."
"Still hurts like a bitch but…" Dean tested a slightly deeper breath. "I can take a bit of a deeper breath now."
Dean's heart dropped when he saw the ridge creeping up behind him. He had effectively cornered himself.
Cas spared a look back at him, feeling once again that pang of mourning. He turned, finally dragging himself towards his bed.
"Ha ha." Sam rolled his eyes, but walked over to the fridge, pulling out a bottle of water. He closed the doors, and leaned against the industrial unit, watching his brother, trying to take in his body language, or any indication on his thoughts. "You sleep in those clothes?"
Dean rounded on him instantly. Sam met Dean's knee before he was hauled up into Dean's hands. Cas began running forward, but Dean had already pulled back and rammed Sam's head against the brick tile wall. Sam slid down the wall, leaving a smear of blood behind. Cas grabbed Dean, pulling him off his brother where he was already rearing back to kick him while he was down.
The hunter struggled half heatedly, knowing it was pointless to try and escape now, but not willing to go easily either.
Dean managed to shake the memories off by the time they arrived at their destination. He had been worried that he was too emotionally numb to take in the sight, but he didn't have to worry about it.
The hunter looked around them making a rushed plan. He brushed his arm against Cas', getting his attention. He pushed Liam up from his shoulder. "Cas has got you." He apologized as he re-positioned the kid into the angel's waiting arm.
talk it was to discuss the songs being played. Sometimes facts about bands or concerts. Sometimes just stories that the songs reminded him of. Cas smiled and listened to each tale, just grateful to hear Dean speaking about something good.
"Crowley told me you were dying." Dean looked back towards the angel. "Just some offhand mention while he was warning me Sam was only two bars behind us. I left, found the hotel." His voice faltered slightly as he thought about everything that happened at the hotel.
Dean plugged it in, letting them load and bringing them up. "Lets see what we're working with here…" He smiled. "Oh that ain't hardly anything."
Cas finally interrupted the peace. "I wanted to say I am sorry again." Before Dean could snap at him again about mentioning the angel's fall, he pressed on. "For what happened in Lucifer's crypt."
Cas shifted, laying flat to give Dean the room to move. He was surprised when Dean chose to pull himself to lay almost completely on top of him, tucking face up under the angel's chin. Cas paused before he wrapped his arms up and around the hunter's back, feeling a strong stir of emotions. He let his eyes close, tilting his head forward to rest against Dean's forehead. This wasn't what he was expecting. This calm intimacy was new to him, new to
Cas clenched his jaw to keep some semblance of control over his emotions. His face contorted with the pain as the gravity of those words threatened to choke him. He looked Dean in the eyes and could only give a tense and jerky nod. "
"You're awake." The hunter said simply. He had regained that stoicism, and the coldness gave Castiel pause.
well? Now I've got centuries. Millennia." He tilted his head, watching the angel's expression. "Your angel pals don't give a damn about you. They'll turn on you faster than you can blink. Sam will die. Kevin. Then what are you left with? Just you and me, baby."
"Jeez." Dean bought himself a few seconds to process by taking another long pull from his beer. "Bet you're really regretting that whole rebelling against heaven thing now, huh?"
"And that's good in theory. But I don't feel comfortable leaving Kevin alone with Crowley to begin with, and now with some sort of, uh, demon battalion on a warpath to find him?"
"I was just going to head up there. I was a little busy here." He opened the door quickly and pulled in a wheelchair. "You're coming with me." He came to Dean's side, reaching down to help him up.
Castiel allowed a small smile of his own. "No. I do not." He absently stroked his thumb back and forth over the hunter's collar bone.
Cas was surprised by the kiss. Affection was something that Dean was usually far more subtle about and rarely instigated. He let his eyes close, taking comfort from the contact. He had thought Dean was gone, truly gone just moments ago. So he welcomed this contact even in lieu of the embrace he would have expected.
Dean dropped his bag on the bed closest the door, watching Cas sit gingerly on the opposite bed. He mulled over Cas' words and acknowledged the truth in them, even if he would still continue with his jaded thoughts on motels in general. His entire childhood was one motel after another, and it seemed so normal until they found the bunker. Now he had a home beyond the impala, and motels just felt like a disappointing reminder of the past.
Castiel froze in place for a moment, rare for him. He was startled when Sam ran in the room behind him, having been drawn to the same sound. He regained his focus and slowly pushed Dean's hands out of the way pressing his palm to the rapidly spreading stain across his shirt. He tried to pool and push his grace forward, but nothing happened. He froze.
"Before this mark, I was barely avoiding being crushed by everything that's ever happened my entire life." Dean glared as he didn't slow down. "
"Yeah, you've been doing stuff constantly. Fixing the car. Going out for groceries. Ordering takeout so you weren't standing around in the kitchen. Anything that could be done quickly and wherever I wasn't."
Cas turned his head to look over the oncoming road once more, giving Dean a bit of a reprieve in feeling like a wild animal on display. After a moment, Cas spoke. "I am sorry."
"Because I can. Because you and your little brother. Your broken boyfriend and your new fine feathered friend. And all those secrets you've got locked away in your bunker can't stop me. But I am gonna enjoy watching you try. It's gonna be a hell of a show. I'll see you around." He looked up. "Castiel. Never forget I gave you a chance."
The night after a particularly hard hitting hunt, Dean found himself suffering something of a relapse. Something stirring in his mind, he couldn't let go of. Instead of his now common startle waking up, he shot out of sleep, hand pulling the gun he kept under his pillow, his breath caught in his throat making him sure he would choke to death. He looked to his right, and the chair was empty, Cas gone, and that only made his chest tighten more.
"Shit… I left the tubes… Cas, you see what I'm doing?" Sam waited for a nod. "I need you to take over, I have to get the tubes, for the canister." Dean needed oxygen hooked up to this.
They were just entering the lobby when they heard the officer assuring a woman that it was unlikely her family were actually missing. She started towards the door, her expression crushed as she was turned away from help. Dean quickened his step, gently touching her on the shoulder, already pulling his badge out to show her. "Sorry Ma'am, What's wrong?"
When Dean woke, he had to struggle to get his eyes open through the fog of drugs. Waking up was hard after anesthesia. He blinked a few times, trying to make sense of what was going on around him. It was dim, he figured the lights were half off. He strained to hear the sounds of the hospital in what he figured was the recovery room. Quiet… weird. Maybe they kept the monitors on silent for some reason here. He smiled gently to himself. Maybe it was just because even the nurses were annoyed by the constant beeping.
The next hour was spent with Dean talking Sam down from his renewed resolve to stay and keep an eye on the two of them. Dean lost track of wherever Cas slipped off to, smartly rolling clear of the hurricane kicked up by the two brothers butting heads.
"Besides. I'm not letting you touch my baby until you have the basics down. So this is a good time to start."
Cas watched him go, hesitating before he grabbed a chair and pulled it to sit beside the hunter's bed. He took one of Dean's hands in his own and closed his eyes, letting out his breath. "I'm sorry." He muttered, feeling entirely helpless at that moment. He watched the hunter breathe for a moment, trying to take comfort in the movement of his chest.
"It's sort of a history about how they were made. Cain was the first demon forged after Lilith and the Princes. He got his power directly from Lucifer, and together they forged the knights in that mold."
Sam shook his head. "Kevin was pretty burnt on human interaction after a day, figured we'd head back. Drove in shifts to avoid motels on the way here." He shrugged. "Anything exciting happen while I was gone?"
He was surprised to feel Dean's hand start to rub gentle circles on his back, and he worried this was a front that soon would crumble. He feared the pain he would feel when this was ripped away from him.
"No. I suppose you do not." Cas sighed, reaching out and catching Dean's wrist so he could take his pulse.
"You always make that stupid face right before you apologize again for nothing." Dean rolled his eyes. "Did you know today that your healing mojo didn't work?"
"She said he was… it was just a probe… that he was… that it was okay. He was breathing and…" He let himself trail off, not really sure what information was worth relaying. He could hear the near panic in Sam's breathing over the phone. He remembered vaguely Dean talking about a car crash from before they met,one he nearly died in, and he could only guess Sam's mind was back there.
"I'm not faster than however many angels are in there. They're going to have him held pretty tight to stop exactly that."
Cas was silent again, watching the hunter as he began to shift his weight from one foot to the other.
When all was said and done, and he laid bare in the euphoric afterglow of climax, Dean casually surveyed their surroundings. He was mildly impressed by the amount of destruction they had managed to inflict on the old building, but given the pleasant soreness that washed over his entire body, he wasn't entirely surprised.
Kevin nodded, watching as Cas opened the back of the impala, leaning in and grabbing Dean, dragging him out and to his feet.
Dean was silent, trying to figure out what to say. "It's fine." He managed after a lengthy silence. It was just he never thought about it before recently. Being anything other than how he always presented. That wasn't entirely true, but he told himself passing thoughts didn't count. Actions counted. And the actions he allowed himself to take were clear and straightforward.
Dean didn't let himself think again until he was across the table from Cas, and they both had a mug of coffee in their hands. "I don't even remember falling asleep." He admitted, feeling a little less defensive about it with time passed.
Cas pulled himself to his feet, needing to brace his weight on the windowsill with one hand. He balanced himself, walking over to the small cracked mirror over the dresser to see the wound across his face. It was still only in the early stages of healing.
Cas turned his head to look over the oncoming road once more, giving Dean a bit of a reprieve in feeling like a wild animal on display. After a moment, Cas spoke. "I am sorry."
." He felt a sinking feeling thinking on it. He had heard of successful black dog rescues, but they were somewhat rare. Cases with a missing kid were particularly hard hitting, and he hated to think of the likelihood all he would be able to bring back to his mother was a body.
"Hmm." Dean said, not having considered that. "Weird." He threw the ingredients into the pot. He put his hand down directly on the stove top, testing its heat, his hand immediately healing from the burning contact. Satisfied, he moved the sauce over to begin cooking. He turned and leaned against the counter, his arms crossed over his chest. He looked thoughtful. "How does… did flying work differently than demons teleporting?"
Cas was nothing if not a focused fighter, and he was ready to leave just as quickly, turning his attention fully to their surroundings.
"God no." Dean laughed. "Bobby would have killed him sooner than help him towards the end there… difference in opinion." He frowned, the gears in his head turning. "Dad's place got broken into too…"
Dean attempted to clear his throat again, but he still sounded hoarse from the tube down his throat earlier. "Takes more than a bit of ice to kill a Winchester."
Before Dean could even touch the car, he heard the beast shriek behind him, and heard Cas cry out in pain. Dean didn't break stride, running to the trunk as fast as he was capable. The torch dropped to the ground to burn in the dew-damp grass, one last barrier as he thrust his hand into his pocket for the keys. He shifted Liam's weight, jamming them into the keyhole and wrenching it open. He trusted Liam to cling to his neck as he pulled his arms away to grab the flare gun and ammo, jamming it into the gun.
It was late in the evening when Sam finally saw Castiel for the first time that day. The younger hunter had been in one of the bunker's back rooms, browsing some of the more obscure texts on angels and heaven, compiling a stack of books he was hoping either Gadreel or Cas could help him sort through later. The angel knocked on the open door, getting his attention. "Hey Cas, what's up?"
Cas closed his eyes, letting his hands fall to his sides, trusting Dean to hold him up. "I thought it was just a cold."
Frowning, Cas wrestled with the decision before finally deciding to intervene. "Dean." He said, keeping his voice soft. When it didn't work, he cleared his throat and called out again, raising his volume. "Dean."
"I'm fine." The older hunter flicked off the heat on the stove. He threw a few pieces of bacon on each of the plates.
Three hours of just laying still, the former angel finally gave up, standing with the intent to pace the bunker like he once might have as a celestial being who had no need for sleep. He was surprised to find Sam flipping through a book in the library.
Sam stood back, watching them leave before finally letting himself fall back against the impala to try to get a hold of his own emotions.
Now however, even without pushing beyond to glimpse the shadow of his true form, he could feel so much more. It was like electricity was pulsing through his spine, and it was somewhat intoxicating. Dean deepened the kiss, pressing closer to the angel, trying to make sense of each sensation as it came.
Sam watched, amused as the pair headed off. He shifted his focus back towards the closed door to the bunker, letting his mind mull over everything he'd seen and heard from his brother and Cas in the past weeks...
"Are you not hungry?" He asked. He knew it was a pointless question. Dean hadn't been properly hungry since they turned him back, but it was the only way he knew how to try and prompt the hunter to eat more.
Cas reached out abruptly, gripping Dean's face and turning him to look the angel directly in the eyes. Dean pressed back slightly on instinct under the severity of his gaze, but the angel kept his grip.
"Alright. You call if it's something you need back up on, okay? I don't have your whole…" He gestured upwards, "plane thing, I can fly out there and meet up with you."
When they stopped to sleep that evening, Dean found himself once more fading into the bunker, watching Cas read yet again. There was something about it. If Dean concentrated he could really feel
"We got both of you." Jeff's soothing voice filtered through the chaos. "We gotta get your leg loose so we can get the both of you out. Steering column has you both trapped." He gestured and Cas finally saw that Dean's own legs were stuck under the wheel, though thankfully less than his own. "We installed a hydraulic piston here to push the dash back so we can get you out." He explained, though his words meant nothing to the newly human angel. "It's going to be a little loud, and it's probably going to hurt like hell, but it'll be over before you know it."
"I'm not faster than however many angels are in there. They're going to have him held pretty tight to stop exactly that."
Liam finally pulled his arms down to wrap around his knees. He nodded again, shifting his eyes up to look at Cas who gave a small awkward smile.
Dean looked down at the knife against Kevin's neck. "Yeah. I do." His eyes snapped up to lock with Sam's and his hand thrust sideways, piercing all the way through the prophet's neck. Sam and Cas both shouted. The demon pulled the blade back out, blood spraying across him and the library table. He readied himself as both hunter and angel began to advance on him.
Dean's heart fluttered with discomfort at the change in topic. He heard the waver in the angel's voice, knew from experience how close he was to cracking and giving in to tears. "Cas…"
"Honestly? No." Dean crossed his arms, leaning back against the table. "Gadreel was going to finish fixing you up and then get the hell out of dodge, and I was going to consider that a done deal."
Cas buried his face in his hands for a second before straightening his back out again. "I'm going to have to detail your car...Shouldn't make Sam do it. Your blood's all over the seat." He gave a weak empty smile. "Not that I can see either of us driving it."
"So how do you think we'll get out of here? Sam can't move us both." Cas shook his head. "One at a time?"
"Nothing." Dean tried a fake smile, but it fell flatter than his usual attempts. He even took a bite of the food, trying desperately to get his brother's scrutiny off him. It wasn't going to work.
Castiel looked upwards at the medic as she worked, trying to see what she was doing, though it was difficult between the neck brace and backboard. She was talking to him, but she was setting up an IV line on Dean. "Cas." He replied weakly.
. He did his best to ignore it, but he added three last things to the long register on the phone anyway.
Sam rubbed his hands over his face, shakily pushing himself off the wall. "Fuck." He muttered, his voice set in sharp grief.
Sam rolled his eyes. "Maybe at some point I'll show you what a fruit or vegetable is before Dean kills you."
Dean's racing heart was starting to slow, and with it came the guilt. He fumbled for a moment before grabbing a cloth from the infirmary kit, and handing it to Cas who promptly pressed it to his bleeding nose. He shakily sat back down on the corner of the bed. "Let me see…"
Now, they were in the garage multitasking in the midafternoon. Dean had practically dragged Sam to the garage to talk which his brother had not been happy about. Dean had many pieces of the engine of Cas’s truck pulled out around his feet and a nearby workbench. Jack had been safely returned to Cas who had found some promising houses. Sam had his folders of cases spread out in front of him on the hood of a nearby car and a stack of note cards with hunter names on the front and their “grades and skills” on the back. Sam was so focused on his matching puzzle Dean decided that then was the time to get the ball rolling after working in silence for a while.
“I used to fight heavenly battles. For millions of years, I was a mighty warrior who did acts in a loving yet distant god’s name. I watched fish crawl to land. I watched Moses part the red sea. I was the angel who fought through the depths of Hell and dragged the Michael Sword out to rebuild him. Now look at me, I’m not a warrior. I’m just… a regular human.”
Dean opened and closed his mouth trying to find words. He didn’t know how to properly respond so he scanned the room and the windows again. There was a small piece of Dean who hoped he would see somebody watching so he could focus on something other than this.
Sam’s face was so relieved. His eyes shone with pure happiness. He looked like the happy kid Dean could cheer up easily when they were kids. As the room settled once more, he saw Sam shift from his younger brother back into leader mode. Pride swelled in his chest right at the moment a wave of something else washed over him. Leader mode meant dealing with the problems and people outside the door.
“I think you heard me and in fact everyone in this waiting room probably heard me. They also probably heard you complaining for a while now and I bet they wish you would just shut the fu- “
The angry retort was out of Dean before he had the chance to remember that he was the hostage in this situation trying to ease the tension. He forced himself to calm down before he replied, “Cas lost his grace permanently this time. Happened the same night my leg got busted. It was… an accident. Hunt on a big bad that went south. He nearly died and now he’s trapped on Earth like the rest of us.”
Earlier that day when Dean took Jack upstairs for a nap, Sam had given Cas the news the angel had died after being tortured by a one of the few remaining grace-addicted demons endlessly for months. Sam, the hunters, and a few angels from Heaven had been too late. The angel had cried out for help and then for death when the wounds became too much according to the demon who bragged about the torture until Eileen had killed him.
He looked a little tired. He wore a long-sleeved white sleep shirt and plaid pants but that didn’t hide the unbrushed hair that stood up in all directions or the slight bags under his eyes.
Cas didn’t mind the loser and seemed to let Chad’s obvious flirtations roll off of him without word though he blushed and looked awkward when Chad was a little too brazen. When Cas wasn’t looking, Chad would eye him up and down like he was a piece of meat ripe for the taking. Chad whistled once when Cas walked away right in front of Dean. When Chad carried their supplies, Cas would always thank him for his help and Chad would always wink at Cas in response.
It was Cas who volunteered to get Jack from Mary saying he wasn’t feeling great and wanted to chill for the night. Dean didn’t argue with the obvious white lie and watched Cas walk out of the garage. He tried to make a quick disappearance to his room but Carl and David found him and dragged him to the party.
The garden supplies were eventually packed up and Cas helped Dean to stand while still holding a sleeping Jack. The frogs and toads were singing nearby as they made their way into the quiet calmness of the house. Laying Jack in his crib in Dean’s room, Dean grabbed the baby monitor off the nightstand, took one more look at Jack, and then headed back downstairs.
The nurse immediately wheeled Dean around and pushed him down the hallway at a quick pace. When they got to the doorway, Dean felt like he was the one who had been stabbed in the chest. The hospital’s rapid response team was already working on Cas. One person was preforming chest compressions while another was pulling the AED off the wall. The buzz of a Cas’s heart flat lining trilled through the room as one of the residents that Dean faintly recognized called out instructions.
Brandon was actually a mostly decent guy in Dean’s opinion. Just homophobic enough that being in small town middle America gave him a pass but not homophobic enough to where if they couldn’t chat about daily life. Dean thought they may even be approaching “friendship” territory because both Brandon and Jaqueline went out of their way to chat with Dean and Cas now. Brandon had no problem complaining about his nuisance of a brother Chad to Dean when he quickly figured out how Dean felt about the guy.
Internally, Dean tried not to flinch. Cas was letting Dean off the hook with the whole “didn’t like” thing considering how much Dean hated Jack at first. Those were bad days all in the past but that lost time still stung. If he could go back in time, he would smack some sense into himself.
Cas let out a deep sigh before turning his head back to Dean. Blue eyes locked with green and Dean knew what he needed to do.
Charlie paused and considered Dean carefully before speaking, “I’m not promising anything. In fact, we may end up lifelong enemies if you screw up getting my people over here but I think I settle for being friendly acquaintances for now.”
Suddenly, arms wrapped gently around Sam’s neck. Long brown hair peeked into Sam’s periphery, and he smelled her sweet scent as she leaned down and gave him kiss on the cheek. Sam got up quickly to greet Eileen and offer her the chair. He gave her a hug and turned to see Cas hand a bag of popcorn to Dean as Dean rose from his seat too. Dean gave Cas a side hug before quickly breaking apart with a blush on his face. Cas had frozen for a brief moment. Eileen narrowed her eyes suspiciously at the awkwardness of the hug. Sam thought it looked like Dean was going in for a kiss on the cheek but Sam dismissed that as projection from his part. He was projecting his relationship with Eileen on to his brother and their best friend.
Maybe Dean finally went camping with Sam and Eileen since it was late summer and Sam had been begging him to go. The good big brother Dean was promised to take his fully-grown adult little brother on a long camping trip before the summer was through. Dean said Cas would be free to come if they went they last time they had talked about it but Dean must not have invited him knowing he was busy. That was what Cas was telling himself because why would Dean go so quiet otherwise.
Dean didn’t stop with painting the walls. A few weeks later, he tore up the old laminate flooring and the decaying, spongy underlayer to reveal hardwood floors hidden in the kitchen, dining room, and hallways. Even the ugly shag carpet that Cas adored in the bedrooms and living room were hiding the beautiful flooring.  Cas loved carpet despite Dean’s protests until Jack got super sick one night and repeatedly projectile vomited in two separate rooms.  Dean and Cas had spent a very long, sleepless night scrubbing the puke out from the strands together. The morning after that Cas told Dean to pull the carpet immediately or he was going to do it with his bare hands. Dean had no doubt that Cas was approaching that point based on the grouchy look on his face and stains covering his shirt.
Dean slid closer to Cas and nudged him gently with his hand, “I listen, Cas. Always, at least to the important stuff anyway.”
It was after four o’clock and Dean should have been dragging the crib to his room right about then. Before, when things had been normal, Cas and Dean liked to have everything set up before their usually nightly activities of story time and PT. It was technically his night with Jack not that any of that mattered much anymore. Cas needed to get used to parenting on his own anyway. He would have to get used to being the only provider for Jack and the only person attending Story Time.
The truth of the matter was he liked Eileen. She was good for Sam in a way that no one else had been since Jess. Dean’s heart had broken for Sam, Eileen, and their family the day they had to see her body. At Cas’s suggestion during a late night talk, he took a step back and let Sam decide whether the situation warranted their anger. Dean had seen the way Sam’s eyes filled with tears when he received her video call. If Sam could welcome her back without breaking his own heart, then maybe Dean could welcome her back too without his big brother emotions getting in the way.
Charlie’s eyes drifted and her expression became pain. Slowly, Charlie opened up about the war and the lost love of her girlfriend Kara. The fighting going down hill. The war they were losing. Her capture and execution that had been stopped just barely. Dean wanted to hug her but all he could do was say he was sorry.
The heat must have been high on this September day because it was slow to wane and cool down. Heat sizzled on the pavement and no cars passed by despite Dean nearly begging to see one along the road. Maybe he was trapped in Hell. Things had changed under Crowley and maybe that meant walking along a road in pain with no chance of rescue for either of them for eternity. They would never know what happened to their families. The dark thought continued to pluck and pull at his mind until Cas interrupted as they paused for moment beneath the shade of a tree.
Dean glanced back up the porch and Sam followed his line of sight. A smirk hit Dean’s face and he continued, “I don’t know if Jack will last much longer unless we get some food in him anyway.”
“For Jack,” Cas parroted back at him with no emotion peeking through and his back still towards Dean.
The ever compassionate and tolerant doctor must have seen the panicked looks on their faces and with a gruff laugh switched gears. With many years of experience under his large belt, Dr. Stern took their hesitation in stride.
Feeling like a proper creep, Dean went over and gingerly lifted her shirt just enough to check her injuries. Her stomach wound had been re-stitched up and, judging by the small bloodstains on Eileen’s hands, she had been the one to do it. It was a good thing that Cas and Sam had the forethought to stock every bedroom, even the many unused ones like this one, with a first aid kit.
Jaqueline shook her head and waved Dean away without a second thought of Dean taking the baby apparently named Cat. Dean tried to get Jack’s attention to see if he wanted to go but Jack was too focused on the upcoming parade and his gaggle of friends.
The chance to watch Cas in his element was a remarkable sight. Dean’s mind could never fully wrap around how tranquil it was to watch one of the Lord’s most rebellious and deadly former angels carefully dig holes and before planting each plant delicately. Each plant, lead, and stem was treated with the utmost care and attention. The hands that formerly wheeled angel blades and could move mountains now had dirt under the nails and took great caution with breakable things.
“Hey Cas, Dean. Can I talk to you for a moment?” Sam asked when they were alone in the library. He sat down across from where Dean and Cas were sitting.
“Cas, you can go if you want. Get a bite to eat or go grab some more of the hazelnut spread Sam ate the last of or whatever. I’ll call when things are over.”
Dean returned the handshake noting that the grip was firm and strong. So far nothing had seemed off about Stewart but Dean didn’t lower his guard too much or move from his position. He still had to be careful.
Dean was starting to like the guy, not enough to relax completely but enough spare a quick glance at Jack to make sure he was doing okay from his position in the basket. Jack was play with the tendril of a long houseplant that was hanging down next to him, oblivious to Dean.
Jack babbled at the sight of him too and gave another happy little baby noise. A little fist waved into the air and Dean caught it with his hand. The room disappeared as Dean gave the hand a happy little shake and Jack wrapped his fingers around one of Dean’s. The heart inside Dean’s chest swelled with adoration. He whispered, “Hey Buddy.”
Dean refocused on moving his leg and focusing on the muscle groups Mackenzie had taught him. He couldn’t bring his knee very far. In fact, his leg was so unbendable it probably looked ridiculous borderline pathetic. The muscles were beginning to spasm and Dean clenched his teeth together as the bones in his knees ground together further.
The sounds of someone approaching behind him announced the arrival of Eileen who smiled at everyone at the table. She sat down next to Sam and Cas signed for her to help herself.
The path this time was different but equally pleasant. The farmer’s market was closing in an hour but the hustle and bustle didn’t show any signs of waning based on the crowded pathways. The aromas were still hanging in the air.  Sam could smell lavender as they passed an essential oils stand and a food truck parked nearby was selling tacos that smelled so good his mouth watered instantly. Sam didn’t know if he was going to fit in his pants by the end of the week at this rate.
Rowena went feverishly back to the spell and began commanding Charlie to do things. Dean was preparing to run when he heard Claire make an “Oof” sound and the grace was ripped out of his hand.
“Cas, what’s going on?” Dean asked as he tried to make eye contact with Cas who did not look at him.
It took some time but Dean was finally able to escape to the kitchen for some peace with an excuse of getting some real food. He sat down at the table with a big sigh and rubbed his hands over his face after the long day.
He wasn’t going to mention Jack at all. She was smart enough to connect Jack’s age with the date of the accident but he wasn’t about to lead a horse to water. Dean was compromised, Cas was likely going to be compromised if he came in, the last thing Dean would do was risk Jack’s safety too.
The hardwood floors were salvageable but needed some not-so-gentle TLC which Dean had all the time in the world to do now that he was retired. YouTube became his best friend and most opened tab on his phone as he learned how to replace crumbling boards, seal cracks, and refinish the hardwood to make it shine. He also found a channel for how to fix the small things around the house by a dad who wanted to teach everyone small life skills. He even ended up watching videos for repairs he would never do simply because the guy was awesome to watch.
“I think we can all agree that Dean’s injury and Castiel’s… Castiel’s current status are likely permanent. Whatever happened in that clearing the day Lucifer died, despite our efforts, cannot be undone. If anyone has a better idea or thinks of something later on, we can try again. But at this time… things will remain as they are. Sam and I have only one matter to discuss privately,” Hannah said miserably. She didn’t look at Cas as she spoke. This was a small battle lost out of the mighty war won for all sides.
Dean shook his head and responded, “I can make it drivable for tomorrow but the most I would recommend would a trip to town and back. Driving it for hours like you want to isn’t the best idea. I think it would break on you. I’ll need to get a few parts from town to get it up and running.”
The thing about Cas and Dean was that if they were Cas&Dean then Sam thought he would have at least heard about it at some point.
There was another reason he picked Smith. The temptation had come from the memory that lured him into a false sense of security. When Dean had been thinking that they probably looked like a normal couple with normal jobs, his mind had latched onto this last name thanks to his unrestrained imagination. He supported his logic with reasons that he had already mentioned to Cas. He hadn’t thought of anything better so he figured that name would work. Dean had briefly thought about giving them all the name Singer but Dean was worried that would have hit too close to home. That he would face the rejection he was almost facing right now and he couldn’t do that to his Bobby. There had been something stir inside Dean when he had written all their names down together but he needed to shove that down. Especially right now.
At 4:40, Rowena started combining the ingredients for both the portal and grace-pulling spell. Charlie was following along meticulously. Kaia was seated in the chair twitching nervously. Jody and Donna passed out hugs lingering on Claire and Alex. Donna tried to crush Dean and Jody gave him a warm hug. Dean held a little tighter to Jack and shifted towards Cas as time went on.
Dean shook his head and replied, “How? Jack has opened the rift twice both on accident, once while being born and the other on accident when he scared himself. Any other time something happens it seems to be random. We can’t force Jack to keep it open. What could we do?”
One man shook his head in disgust and another woman eyed them with barely concealed hatred. Dean didn’t even mind the way Cas said it because he was too busy reigning his temper in not to punch the judgey and homophobic assholes. Cas and Dean were just friends but Dean wanted to punch them on principle. The last thing Dean and Cas needed if they were both moving was to be surrounded by gossips and judgment for Jack having two dads and their new neighbors not being up with the times. Two men could raise a baby together. End of story.
The grace flowed through him and it nearly overpowered him. Every fiber of his being vibrated. Grace normally felt good as it stitched his skin back together or healed a broken bone. Now it made his body feel like it was a star waiting to explode. A long minute later, hands fell from him one by one and the flow of angelic power eased. Dean drew in a deep breath as he mentally prepared for what came next. Slowly, he leaned into his knee. The brace gave a small creak as a small jolt of electricity shot from his knee and up his leg.
Charlie relaxed a little and her goofy side came out but underneath her easy nature she was worried this whole thing wouldn’t work. It only took her a few days to become familiar with the current state of the deep web and internet. She was just as smart as their Charlie but more practical in the long run. She was rough and didn’t shy away from telling everyone the horrors that she witnessed the last few years. This Charlie wasn’t afraid to throw a punch or fire a gun which would come in handy for the events ahead.
Sam looked to Cas to find him giving the woman a small smile, “I put one aside for you this morning, Kathy. I figured it’s been a few weeks since your last purchase for your mother. Let me go grab it out of the crate.”
Or at least that’s what he was trying to do. Every movement lit him on fire and every slow drag of his leg invited the blackness back into his vision and mind. The blackness would wash over him for a moment, causing him to lose all the thoughts in his head before he resurfaced from underneath that wave hearing Cas’s breathing grow fainter.
By the time they pulled into the motel they would staying at, a pond had formed in the parking lot big enough to drown a rat from the Princess Bride and the rain seemed to be falling heavier every second. Dean shifted the Impala to park and shut off the engine but made no effort to get out of the car. He leaned forward to look out the windshield to see if there was any end in sight for the torrent of rain but they couldn’t be so lucky.
Kaia sat up straighter and nodded. The young girl in front of him glanced once more at Claire before turning back towards Cas and Dean. She seemed to steel herself and met Dean’s eyes with a brave look. With a nod of her head, she looked like had more fight in her than she appeared.
It had been hard to forgive him for a while but they had long since moved on. Dean had betrayed and lied to Cas plenty of times since then including the particularly painful moment when he kicked the first human iteration of Cas out of the bunker. Dean still blamed himself for Cas nearly dying for good when April stabbed him. Cas really needed to stop almost dying on him. Dean would saw off his good leg in his freshly cleaned car right now if he never had to watch Cas almost die again.
A few moments later, the door finally gave in from the abuse. Dean didn’t hesitate and fired his gun multiple times. He heard Eileen’s gun go off several times in quick succession as well. The shots did nothing. Didn’t even slow whatever monsters were entering down for more than a second. They were human shaped and eight of them entered through the door in quick succession. Dean and Eileen retreated back to the library as the monsters flew down the stairs
Everyone slowly rose to their feet. The room was quiet except from where Rowena’s voice was chirping from where Sam dropped the phone demanding to know what happened. Sam had a busted lip and Eileen’s and Mary’s hair were in disarray too. The library has been thoroughly trashed and dust hung in the air from the now empty shelves. The dust irritated Dean’s nose and he heard Bobby cough somewhere behind him.
A late lunch with Sam, Eileen, and a few others in Sam’s room helped establish a plan for the “council meeting” as it was being called. Written neatly on a lined sheet of paper was the itinerary Sam was hoping to follow to help the meeting flow quickly and effectively. Nerding out, Sam looked like a kid on Christmas at the prospective of leading such an event.
“Here’s the thing, we found the perfect house for Cas and Jack. Big yard, acres of land, sturdy old house, no emf readings, the whole shebang. Old man didn’t even die on the property. But it needs a lot of repairs and Cas can’t fix the house and raise Jack by himself. Since you’ll be training the new recruits for a while, I was thinking of splitting my time between the house and the bunker. I was thinking two to three days here and the rest of the week with Jack and Cas. I’m there fixing the house and helping with Jack then I’ll be here doing whatever you need me to do.”
“I don’t have time to kick your ass today, Neil, so why don’t you go back to the hole you crawled out of,” replied Dean dryly.
“Well, it’s pretty boring. As you know, we got the hives off a retiree moving out. Cas got a call not long after from a pest control guy who used work with the guy we got the initial hives from. Used to have a deal where he would ask him to remove the hive first or the pest guy who be forced to destroy it. He charges the client a small fee for the consult, we get a new hive, the client gets rid of bees they don’t want, and bees are saved. More often now, people in town just find us directly. Win-Win for everybody.”
Dean woke up two full days later strapped to a hospital bed, thick, shiny cast around his leg, ribs wrapped, and mostly numb to the pain that felt like dull lightening in his veins. In his haze, Dean could make out Sam sitting near his bed, the morphine drip, and sounds of machines monitoring his pulse. Sam shot alert when Dean tried to say something resembling his name. His name came out in a harsh cough. Sam told him not to speak and that he would tell Dean everything.
Dean would be in constant danger of re-breaking parts of the knee from the small fractures and abnormal positions, his risk of infection increased, and he was facing more pain if the unsupported pieces shifted unpredictably or were over stressed. The entire knee needed to be held in place and the femur would benefit from support too because of the way it had healed.
“No, don’t argue. You are still recovering and I can handle it. I got him,” Dean said without looking up from Jack.
“Dean, we just want to nap and chill so we can keep up with Jack the rest of the week. Go have a good time with your friends.”
Apparently, Cas had not been shy about sharing his plans to go house hunting. He and Eileen were close so it didn’t surprise him that she knew. It did hurt because she likely knew before Dean did. Though that was likely Dean’s fault considering they had both been giving each other the silent treatment. Still, it rubbed Dean the wrong way. Shoving those feelings down like he was supposed to, Dean wrote back.
“So, what do you guys want to do today?” Dean asked after a few minutes easy and comfortable silence while everyone ate.
He didn’t want to hold Jack. He hadn’t held Jack a single time since the day he was born. That was something he made sure to try to avoid at all costs. It blew his mind that he seemed to be the only person in the bunker to remember that this was Lucifer’s son who had nearly gotten them all killed simply by existing. Mary, Sam, and Cas all doted and fawned over the kid but Dean didn’t want to be in the same room as Jack. Yet, here he was cradling Rosemary’s baby.
More running, more pain in his leg, and more guesses of the direction of where Cas had gone and Dean grew more desperate. He came to the furthest reaches of the bunker. The abandoned and forgotten halls with locked doors, broken lights, and a coldness. Still he pressed on. He heard sounds behind him now but he pressed forward determined to find Cas. They sounded like demons and Dean had to find Cas before they did. He heard the sounds of another fight ahead as he rounded the corner.
Rubbing his hands together, Cas spoke from his spot in the center Dean entered the room, “Okay, tonight is Thursday so it’s stretches instead of PT. After that, we’ll do your massage.”
It was a good thing that Cas had cancelled Story Time because Maggie and a few other hunters had kept him for over thirty minutes asking questions. He had just enough time to go to the bathroom before making his way down to the kitchen. When he arrived, he found Cas, Sam, and Eileen already sitting at the table which set him on edge immediately.
The confusion was etched into his face Dean saw when he looked up. Glancing over, Dean saw Hannah and Duma share a puzzled look. Moving in near unison, the other three angels approached Dean. Dean straightened up and as quickly as Balthazar had moved the other three angels touched him and he felt a much larger dose of grace wash over him. They stepped back after a few moments to observe.
“No, I want to avoid getting soaked down to my underwear and then have to listen to Sam drone on about the lore.”
Dean thought with both relief and bitterness. A few weeks off archangel baby duty and on regular baby duty would be a nice vacation but Dean wanted their kid back to normal ASAP.
They paused for a moment before Dean sassily said, “Bud, I’m not gonna call her. That’s your job. You need to let your best feathered friend know what’s happening.”
The woman was studying Sam and Eileen curiously and seemed to be barely listening to her husband. She looked at Sam like she was peering into his soul and Sam felt like he was being weighed and measured. She must have liked what she saw because she asked in a friendly tone, “Sam and Eileen? Are you Dean’s brother and sister-in-law?”
Dean made his nurses’ lives hell over the next few days. He would escape his room the second a nurse turned their backs to read a chart or respond to a code. They would try to force him back to his own room only to find he escaped again 10 minutes later. Dean would steal crutches or a wheelchair to get to Cas’s room with his morphine as his only companion. Once he even locked himself in Cas’s room when they tried to take him away for the third time that day on Dean’s fourth day in the hospital. Sam had even berated him for that one. All he did was sit next to Cas’s bed but the nurses seemed adamant that he return to his room.
“You don’t have to keep saying that Sam. We’re happy to have you. Jack hasn’t stopped talking about it all week so it’s probably a good thing you came early to save me and Cas from more questions tomorrow. If I heard one more, ‘When’s Aunt Ei coming?’ I think I would have gone Jack Torrance crazy.”
It was two in the morning and the last thing Dean wanted to do was dealing with a crying infant on top of his nearly full bladder. Not to mention, Cas would likely be put in a foul mood if he was woken up this early. Thankfully, Jack stayed asleep and Dean made it to the bathroom without incident. He returned to bed without waking Cas or Jack up and slid under the covers relieved in more ways than one. Those hinges had to go though.
Another part of him was thinking of the promise he made to Jack (and Cas). He was supposed to be there to raise Jack and show Cas the best parts of being human. They needed him more than the people at the bunker did. Plus, he was retired from hunting. He could still consult from two hours away from the bunker by phone if something came up. If there was an emergency, Dean was sure he could get the Impala there or wherever he was needed fast.
Dean concentrated as he tried to change it to something Cas would find acceptable, “Maybe instead of saying you pulled me out of hell we can say we met at a bar called Hell?”
“Same room as us,” Dean said, not giving Cas a chance to answer. It was another half-truth. They wheeled Jack’s crib back and forth between Dean’s and Cas’s rooms depending on who was on night duty just like they had in the bunker. The only lie was Dean and Cas had never shared a room like the doctor likely thought they did.
The straw that broke the camel’s back happened on a Friday night. Cas was preparing to give a lecture on one of the stages in the Museum when he saw a certain green-eyed man sneak into a seat in the back of the auditorium. Cas’s calm demeanor slipped and he felt nervous to give the lecture he had done hundreds of times before.
Dean couldn’t believe that Cas was rolling over so easily. In all the years Cas had stood by their side, he had never witnessed Cas go down without a fight.
Dean popped open a chair immediately which Jack hopped onto as Cas switched his tennis shoes out for the smallest pair of cleats Sam had ever seen. Then, Lily switched out for Jack. Dean had already pulled Lily’s own cleats out of the bag they had been sent with and Cas started putting those on too. When Jack and Lily were ready, they bounded off to the group of kids huddled on the opposite side of the field.
Smirking again, Dean raised his eyebrows at the noise. Cas wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and blushed. He had apparently even surprised himself. Instead trying to form an intelligent thought or response Dean just focused on feeding Jack. Cas made more noises with the pancakes and Dean was a little jealous. He must be hungry too Dean’s brain reasoned.
“Four but they’re spread all over the state. Then, we are going to my physical therapy appointment at two.”
Daddy and Papa signed the official adoption papers so they could bring their new baby home. Each paper made Daddy and Papa promise to love and cherish their new baby. The center waved goodbye to Daddy, Papa, and their little Baby Ella.
It was that moment that Cas reappeared near Dean’s shoulder. He had gotten distracted back at the goat pen and wanted to talk to the family about raising goats much to Dean’s disgust judging from the groan he had let out when they had been shooed away.
The man looked up at him. He was a handsome Korean man with a kind smile. He replied, “Yeah I’m great. Thanks for your help! My kids would have killed me if I dropped their duck eggs and I am not ready to pay out four dollars per dozen to them either.”
Now though, Dean could hear raised voices coming from the library. He recognized most of the voices, so he tucked his gun into the waistband of his sweats as he rounded the corner. After being nearly alone in the bunker for so many hours, he was kind of surprised to see so many lively people arguing.
If they couldn’t fix the damage, the second option was the knee would need to be replaced and likely the femur as well. Dean toyed with this idea in his mind until the doctor then stated one of his companions was the Head Orthopedic Specialist who said Dean’s recovery chance was low even with surgeries. The pieces of the knee that attached to the tendons and cartilage meant they would have to damage those areas to remove them. His body had tried to reject the pins which were made of the same material replacements were made of so it was also very likely his body would try reject replacements too. While the outcome wasn’t favorable, it was still an option. This route offered him the best chance of returning to “normal” when everything was said and done if everything went perfectly. Dr. Sands assured him it likely wouldn’t but their team was willing to try. This would also take a lot of time and a lot of pain.
Dean thought as Cas moved on like nothing happened. Taking a deep breath of his own, Dean walked into the living room and listened to the directions for stretching that Cas provided.
She eyed him for a moment and Dean straightened in his seat to make a better impression. She patted his shoulder affectionately again, “Your family was right about you being a good man. I’m an excellent judge of character and I can tell you’ve earned your praise and more. Thank you for opening the rift and getting my family through safely.”
Sam pulled his phone out of his pocket and Dean watched him scroll through his contacts. Soon enough the ringing of the phone being on speaker filled the silence of the library.
Dean tried to be productive, he really did but as the hours tipped by Dean couldn’t bring himself to pretend. He found himself in a position he never was before. He couldn’t stop holding Jack. Others offered to take Jack but Dean would politely rebuff with a joke which became a simple shake of his head. People stopped asking and gave him space to hold Jack.
The Iliad had nothing on the tale Sam told next. He recounted the struggle here at the bunker. Dean and Cas had told him their story over lunch just before the meeting but it appeared that they weren’t the only primary source for the Herculean tale. Things were added from the other occupants of the bunker judging from things that were said that Dean didn’t remember happening. The only thing conveniently left out was Claire kidnapping Kaia.
Typing the buzzwords from Mackenzie’s explanation of massage therapy led him quickly to websites talking about intimacy’s effect on healing, feeling better, and overall health. It kept going. Best ways to produce those hormones. Their healing powers. Dean was reading articles about cuddling with a friend or partner created even more benefits. The articles about sex promised even more. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he had sex. He was deep in the thought of wondering when he last even thought of sex when the knocking interrupted him.
Mary was equal parts happy and perplexed when she accidently decreed herself Grandma. She had returned from a hunt and was playing with Jack she asked Jack what he thought of grandma’s newest haircut. Mary’s hair had been sliced by the monster she put down making her haircut lopsided. She had frozen when the words came out but after a smile from Cas she continued doting on Jack. After a while, that name stuck too.
Maybe it was the fogginess of just waking up but Sam struggled to figure out how it had taken Dean and Cas almost 40 minutes to put an already sleeping Jack to bed. Jack could have woken up when Dean carried him upstairs and fought to go back to bed Sam’s tired brain reasoned as it tried to lure him back into the comfortable promise of sleep.
Sam pulled his eyes off watching Cas extract the last few combs to look at Dean. Dean was still focused completely on Cas. He watched in steady fascination like it was the first time seeing it. Dean practically glowed watching Cas in action and had a goofy smile on his face. To Sam, it sounded like Dean was the one bragging because he was proud of Cas.
“Third and final reason comes straight from science. Massaging between partners is extremely beneficial due to the hormone production it can induce. Massaging has the same, if not greater, hormonal benefits as doing the actual exercises with your partner. Just like cuddling or sex, massaging your injury can improve levels of serotonin, most commonly referred to as happy hormone, which improves your mood, boosts your immune system, and reduces anxiety by decreasing our stress hormone cortisol. Massaging also increases oxytocin. Oxytocin is also a powerful antidote for pain. Many studies have shown that in deep tissue trauma oxytocin can block pain signals. My doctoral thesis was focused on oxytocin variance affecting pain levels in individuals when with different partners. Basically, I methodically zapped a bunch of people with electrical currents. Then, I had either the individual, a friendly stranger, or a partner of at least three years apply pain relief to measure how much oxytocin was generated. Spoiler alert: people who were with their loved one reported experiencing less pain and produced significantly more oxytocin than the other two parties. So do the physical therapy to strengthen yourself and the massage to help heal yourself. Both are very important. If you have any questions, you can email me.”
The hugs that came from saying goodbye to the girls felt wrong after spending the previous two weeks with them. They had been invaluable before, during, and after opening the rift. It was even hard for Dean to deny he was going to miss them. Watching them drive away with Cas by his side, Dean felt like a he was losing a piece of his home.
It was hard to ignore the way the way the former angel was filling out or how after a long day of working on whatever projects, including the garden, would have Cas scraping the pans out for a second or third helping of dinner. When Dean did the laundry for the house (Cas still claimed hopelessness and was thus put on vacuuming duty), Dean was equal parts impressed and dismayed at the amount of dirt he would have to pre-soak from Cas’s flannels, t-shirt, and pants. Dean pretended not to notice the difference when Cas’s shirt rode up when he did something or the way his sweatpants seemed almost too small now.
Sam thought his brother had been exaggerating but when Bruiser went to pass the recycle bin by something shifted. Bruiser rushed forward, tugging at the end of his leash, and launched himself at the container in what could only be described as an All-American football tackle. The bin toppled over a few feet from where it sat originally and Bruiser continued on like nothing had happened.
Taking inspiration by focusing on the memory of a blue-striped shirt and matching red suspenders and tie, Dean pretended for a moment that maybe he had been corporate employee on the rise when he bumped into Cas at the office or in a bakery or at a charity event. They became friends and eventually…
It was his last official appointment with the wonderful Dr. Mackenzie Peterson until they got settled in town. Once they got settled, either a local doctor would start Dean’s physical therapy or coordinate with Mackenzie. He had called to tell her when their offer got accepted that he would be moving. She had sounded excited for them on the phone.
Eileen did concede that if something more was happening with Cas and Dean, Cas would have spilled the beans to her a long time ago. Sam finally had a chance to tell her about the weird bet with Claire which Eileen thought was a cover for something too. Nothing else to do or say they climbed into bed after a few minutes of silent. Sam’s thoughts raced around a track unable to find a way off. They just kept repeating on a loop in his mind.
It wasn’t an attack though. It was a tall and handsome man in his late 60-early 70s with wispy white hair and the build of a man who still exercises out of habit. He was an inch or two taller than Dean so Dean had to look up to meet his eyes. The man was wearing a designer sweater, a nice pair of khakis, and loafers of all things. He looked like the kind of guy that had clearly had money but didn’t overdo it. He met Dean’s eyes before glancing out to where the Impala was parked.
Even though Dr. Stern always gave them the same salutation, Dean’s heart gave a weird little flutter and he felt his cheeks turn a little pink.
The house had transformed since the first time he had laid eyes on it. Curling paint and broken shutters had once decorated the exterior of house. The house had looked sad and pitiful when he had first viewed it. A lifetime of neglect had made the house looked like it was hunched over in sadness and shame. Vines and bushes had overrun the place nearly hiding it altogether. Now, thanks to the gentle ministrations from Cas and long hours of repair from Dean, the farmhouse stood proud and emitted a warm glow. A true reflection of the little family that lived inside her.
When Sam rounded the corner to leave the library, Cas spoke up, “We’ll get through this Dean. We’ll find a better path-for Jack and for us.”
Doctor Sands then had Dean practice adjusting the brace in front of him and the nurse so they could check that he would be wearing it on correctly. Each movement was painful. Every bending or tug at the brace to get it sit right rocked him to his core. Dean’s hands went through the motions but defeat weighed heavily on Dean’s shoulders and mind. When the brace was finally in place for a second time, it felt overly rigid especially the circular parts on his knees. He was able to note some relief too as the pressure worked but his leg had been pushed past its limit for the day.
The kitchen brought them closer together. Cas loved all of Dean’s cooking and would lavish him with praise every meal which caused Dean to try new recipes constantly. The hits he would write down recipes of 4x6 notecards and slide him into an old, empty recipe book that he found covered in dust in the kitchen. Cas (and Jack) would join him while he cooked and they enjoyed each other’s company even on days when Dean wasn’t up to cooking because of the pain in his leg. Making a simple PB&J with jelly and not jam would make Cas’s face light up.
Dean was just watching Cas. Cas was cradling sleeping little Jack against his chest across the table across from him. Cas had one hand supporting Jack’s butt and the other was rubbing soothing circles into his back. Watching the circles mesmerized and soothed Dean at the same time. Cas would whisper encouraging, sweet words at Jack and it sounded practically lyrical to Dean’s brain.
It was the same bickering they have had almost twice a week for months now.  There was never any heat to their words and there was always an undercurrent of genuine affection that ran between the two of them. At this point, it almost seemed like ritual between them. Dean would smile and grab the keys off the hook near the back door while Cas corralled Jack. Dean always drove, Cas always rode shotgun with one arm out the window, and Jack would sit happily between them.
Inside, it was clear the room was a work in progress. There was painting supplies pushed off to one side. A small couch which Dean told him contained a pull-out bed was pushed slightly away from the wall that had been recently worked on. Eileen checked the couch and gave a thumbs up to show it was clear. The big desk had the roll-down top shut. When Sam opened it, he found the lore books and notebooks Dean had brought with from the bunker. There was a small closet in this room and Dean and Eileen found hunting supplies inside. Sam made another mental note to send Dean and Cas replacement herbs for spells, an air fresher, and swifter for the accumulated dust. The closet looked like it hadn’t been touched in a long time. The gun cabinet that also contained spare angel blades and other weapons stood nearby. Charlie rigged it with Dean and Cas’s fingerprints so Jack couldn't get into it. They left untouched but Sam wasn’t overly concerned it contained any hidden secrets.
The tree behind him rustled in the breeze as the prayer ended and soon enough electricity from arriving angels made the air feel charged. He had grown un-accustomed to the sensation since the angels fell and lost their wings but he didn’t let his surprise show when four angels landed in front of him on the empty road.
“Sam said what now?” Dean asked puzzled. Sam knew he had taken Cas house shopping the one time but the way Mary was talking made it sound like…
One night, things shifted as they hung out on the couch and finished watching the newest Jurassic World movie Cas had yet to see. Dean looked over at Cas and studied him as the credits rolled and Cas talked about inaccuracies of dinosaur designs.
Sam discovered when he came to visit on the fifth day that Bruiser had stolen Dean's used work socks and hid them under the couch. Unfortunately, the way he found out was when he went to retrieve the ball they had been playing with from under said couch and pulled out one of Dean's crusty socks instead. Dean thought Sam's face and screech of despair was hilarious at the time until he discovered the other 9 socks hidden under the couch.
Eileen came to his side and scanned the page in his hands before turning and signing to someone behind his back. She snatched the paper from Dean’s hands without hesitation and immediately drew a new piece of paper and began jotting down notes. Mary appeared at Eileen’s shoulder and began pouring over the words to.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about. It’s just me here. Eileen just popped in for a visit and she was about to be on her way so why don’t you just let her go, she’s got a hot date tonight and can’t be late.”
The busy designs of the wallpapers that they picked out could hide small sigils and wards that would blend into the background. Dean and Cas spent hours carefully placing their altered wallpaper and painting as necessary. The small strips of wallpaper sometimes ran along the bottom or the middle of the room. It took them days to do a single room thanks to adding their own little designs in but their patience was rewarded with rooms that were now much friendlier sans gaudy black paint. An average person with no knowledge of the horrors that walked the woods would be unable to discern anything was done with intent. But hunters would recognize the wards right away. The living room was the first room Cas and Dean finished on a day when the wind howled outside and snow fell in large flakes. It brought a sense of pride seeing it complete and watching Jack and Cas in that room spurred Dean on.
Three weeks after adopting Bruiser, the neighborhood kids would gather to watch Bruiser demolish trash cans. Some would even walk and chat with Dean to witness the destruction up close.
A Land Before Time movie was played for Jack who watched the movie wide eyed on the floor. Like the first night of their visit, Dean and Cas were sitting on the smaller loveseat while Sam and Eileen were snuggled on the opposite couch.
"Yeah." Dean said simply. He turned back to stare at the angel again, searching his blue eyes for something that would tell him something about what the angel was thinking. "God Cas, do you even feel
Sam finished cutting a slice of pie, plating it and setting it aside. He wasn't sure what exactly was going on with his brother, but he was more than a little worried. He was pretty sure Dean wasn't telling him everything about what happened with Malachi. He frowned, thinking back on Dean's words.
Tears surprised Cas, he hadn't expected to feel such overwhelming relief at hearing the first familiar voice in hours. "Sam…"
"And what nasty side effects come with it? We don't just get handed something with no strings attached, least of all from a demon."
He hesitated before pushing open his door, looking down the hallway and noticing the light coming from beneath Cas' door. He frowned, heading over and knocking gently, getting an invitation before entering.
Liam looked out from around his arms, his eyes wide to see the hunter. He scrambled up and threw himself at Dean who easily caught him and picked him up.
Cas held it in his hands, and looked it over, confused at first but then slowly coming to realize the layers to the joke. A simple knit hat, to be worn in cold weather. On it, the words "Hot Wingz" with two angelic chicken wings and a halo overhead.
She nodded, jotting it down. "Alright, let's focus on you for a few." She said, turning her attention back to Cas. He wanted to refuse, insist she continue with Dean who was clearly more hurt, but he knew she was just doing her job. He answered her questions, though they were thankfully brief as she turned her attention to set an IV up on his own arm before working on Dean again.
"Good. You keep that up. And I'm serious about coughing. So help me, if you get pneumonia, I'm going to beat your ass into next week."
Dean watched as the stiff posture of the angel fell away into Sam's more relaxed form. The older hunter's chest clenched as he watched the confusion melt away into a stern anger as his eyes met Dean's.
Cas was left standing alone, his heart pounding in his chest, trying in vain to process what just happened.
"Yes." Sam said, voice flat to match his eye roll as he walked back in with two plates, passing them out. "Far beyond. Unfortunately with an entire hospital turning up dead, the hospitals around here are going to be asking the wrong kind of questions." Sam had spent the better part of the evening before googling everything that could go wrong after surgery, and he didn't like basically anything he had read. As he tried to prepare for every eventuality, he hoped this was one of those times where you look up your cold symptoms online and come away sure it's cancer.
Sam did when he left, Dean relaxed fairly quickly. The day was split between naps and conversation with Cas.
"Cas suggested you two were in a romantic relationship." He smiled when he heard the wrench clatter to the ground as Dean fumbled with it. "So that's a yes then, huh?"
"Nope. Seems kind of quiet out there. Checked in with Garth. He thinks the angels falling might have scared a lot of the monsters into hiding for a while."
Dean would say he was just getting comfortable. Cas would observe that Dean was getting as far away as possible while also putting a barrier between them.
He could hear the hunter assuring the few guys in the bathroom it was okay, probably pointlessly since he had just come in, broken a mirror and cut into his hand only to start scribbling on the walls with his own blood.
"That what, the angel equivalent of in the closet?" Dean tried to push past his discomfort with a touch of humor. Though he could tell by Cas' expression that it was lost on the angel. "Never mind. So, uh, what you're saying is it's pretty frowned upon."
The younger Winchester gave a weak smile, looking at Castiel. "You know Cas, this is like the fourth time you've almost died in less than two weeks. Your luck sucks."
"I woke up after the surgery." Dean explained. "I guess whatever they saw in my head was good enough for them. Gotta watch it or something… if it does good they get to fix my leg and chest tomorrow. Two steel rods in my leg. I get to be a cyborg." He managed a half grin, but it turned into something of a grimace. "That and work on six broken ribs."
"Yeah. Now how come you're here so soon, and at this hour?" Dean asked, trying to put the conversation back on the rails.
"I don't know." Castiel readjusted his grip. "Dean please, you have to breathe…" He used his grace to look for injuries but physically at least, Dean was fine.
Malachi smiled. "Oh… I see. Stalling were we?" He leaned over, grabbing Dean's shirt and gathering it in his fist, hauling the hunter up to his feet. "I stand corrected. Perhaps the loyalty he has to you is alive and kicking."
Ten minutes later on the same patch of fur and he sighed, frustrated. "Alright. I think we're gonna try out my clippers. This is gonna take years at this pace, and I don't even think I can get it all."
"Dean… let Kevin go." Cas tried, stepping forward with Sam, very slowly. He stopped again as Dean pressed the blade forward, just barely cutting into Kevin's neck, eliciting a hiss of pain.
Cas nodded as the other angel stood to leave. "Thank you Gadreel." He turned his attention back to Paka as he was left alone.
Dean's hand was gripped tightly around the tan overcoat, and he let it ground him in the moment. He took a deep shaky breath, trying to let Cas' words sink in, trying to believe them. He let his hand drop, feeling exhausted, both physically and emotionally.
"I'd help when I could… an angel can put a person into deep enough sleep that they cannot dream." Cas gave a half smile. "I'm afraid I cannot do that anymore."
The hunter turned and scanned the tree line, trying to pinpoint the exact location of the beast. He could hear Cas and he managed to spot the pair pass so quickly through his peripheral. He only hesitated a second as he felt the guilt of firing directly at Cas to kill this thing, but he knew he'd be okay in the end. He catched the movement again and pulled the trigger.
"The chances of a demon being able to form offspring is already nearly impossible and requires a perfect storm of power, spell work, and a direct flair of Lucifer's power. I do not believe such an offspring could come to be, and I don't believe such an offspring could even survive within a human form."
Cas cringed. That's why Hannah had been anywhere Dean could grab. She had been hunting down Metatron's faithful, to bring them back to heaven.
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure he's in shock." Sam set down the canvas bag next to the bed. "This was a lot for him being just out of surgery." He unzipped the bag and tossed Cas a too-large hoodie, which the former angel gratefully pulled on. Sam set to work exposing the bandages across Dean's chest and let out a quiet curse, seeing the bloom of red across the stark white surface. He grabbed a pair of trauma shears stolen from the ambulance, opting to cut away the gauze rather than unwind it.
A lucky break in the case allowed them to clear the nest that night. Three in the morning and the brothers dragged themselves back into the motel room, needing to sleep before they headed back to the bunker. Dean let Sam have the first shower out of pity for the full body of drying vamp blood he wore.
Cas blinked, the sun so bright in contrast to the dark pit of the basement. He fumbled with his pocket, finally pulling out the phone he had snagged from Dean's jeans. He flipped through the map features before finally dialing up Sam's number.
"You mean stopping me from going dark side?" Dean sighed. He watched the angel nod, and he let his gaze slip off to the side. "Still helps. Having you around. You and Sam… help to keep me grounded."
." Cas' voice was pleading, feeling more than a little thrown at how unrecognizable Dean Winchester was at this moment.
He saw the moment the tension snapped at the same time he noticed his grave mistake. He only had a split second to plan. He threw himself sideways right as Dean grabbed the knife from the counter. The demon lunged at him, blade first, cutting straight across the angel's torso, neatly slicing up his chest, blood instantly soaking his clothes and the ground. Cas scrambled sideways again, pulling himself to his feet and running towards the hunter. He managed to push him around and attempted to pin his arms to his side.
"He said he heard a rumor. That my grace was out there. That Metatron had not used all of it for the spell."
Cas sipped at the tea to replace the harsh burn of alcohol with a gentle burn of the soothing hot liquid. "Rum can… burn an illness out of the human body?"
He didn't try to force Dean to say anything, instead simply leading the way back to the car when they were done. This time when he turned onto the road he had no clear destination in mind.
Sam thought for a moment. "Yeah. Maybe." He looked tentatively around the corner, his knife raised. "Seems quiet… I'm going to take a look around, try to get a view on the situation. You two stay here." he demanded.
Cas looked around him with newer understanding. This room… they were in a hotel. Long abandoned by the looks of it. They were now in one of the rooms. So before they had been in the basement. He could still feel the pull of the sigils on the foundations of the building, keeping him trapped.
Cas nodded. He had yet to find a food he really disliked, but he figured Dean was steering him towards good choices.
By the time Dean walked in through the bunker door Sam was pacing in the map room, trying to figure out where to possibly start looking for anyone. He looked up, his expression betraying his worry as he snapped at Dean for an answer of where he was.
But maybe a close call really meant… Cas was an angel again and could bring him back if he died. Maybe it had really been
He caught Cas' eyes, glad he seemed to have caught the same thing. He nodded towards the door his brother had gone through before heading to follow the now-moving pack from a cautious distance. He wasn't sure what exactly they were walking into, so he kept his guard up, his hand in his suit holding the silenced pistol just out of sight.
"We will need to secure him more thoroughly." Cas said softly, unable to process what just happened.
He was somewhat surprised when he came back and Dean had sunk down into one of the seats at the table. He sat with a fork in his hand, distractedly poking at the eggs as if he actually intended to eat any. Slowly, Sam slipped onto the seat opposite him. He took a few bites despite his own disinterest, trying to give Dean a moment to process or something.
"Dean, I'm not letting you walk out of here like this." The younger Winchester pleaded. He stepped in front of Dean, trying to stop him walking up the iron steps towards his car.
Pushing his food aside, Castiel lifted the folded items out of the bag. He let a smile creep across his face as he acknowledged what they were. A pile of clothing, similar in style to the wardrobe Jimmy had imparted on him. The feeling of nostalgia was comforting, he had really felt a little as if he had lost his identity in more ways than one when he fell. "Thank you Dean."
Cas flexed them up and back, letting them sort of stretch out before settling back down against his shoulders. Dean shivered slightly, the sensation somewhat awe inspiring. The angel looked over where Dean lay, not knowing exactly where the hunter was other than near his own body. "Can you see them?"
Once his skin was scrubbed raw, he felt his breath even out, clarity finally settling into his brain. He shut the water off and grabbed for his duffel.
Cas stepped in. "Hello Sam." He debated with himself for a moment before he decided to take a seat at the table beside the mountain of texts.
"I'm sorry." Cas muttered, still not opening his eyes. He let his head slide sideways until it was resting, supported by Dean's shoulder.
"Yeah, fine Crowley, but if you know where it is, just go get the damn thing and ventilate her yourself."
Cas took his hand, allowing himself to be pulled to his feet. He followed the hunter out of the bunker and into the car, feeling an uncomfortable mixture of feelings as they headed out onto the open road under the barest hints of morning light. He didn't ask where they were going, only tried to calm his racing mind and focus on the moving scenery around him.
He shook himself from these thoughts, quickly focusing on the task at hand. He changed into the new clothing, pulling back the blankets and slipping onto the old mattress. He would try to process these feelings tomorrow. For now, he would let himself give in to rest.
He crept through a stack of palettes, entirely unable to see more than a few feet in the dim light. He had to rely on his other senses to pick up what he couldn't with sight. Purgatory had made him adept at this type of fight.
"Shut up. You know it's not your fault. You just… Keep on top of the doctors, see what they'll tell you. I'll be there before you know it." There was a pause. "Do you know who cast the spell?"
Cas tried to adjust his position, letting out the smallest hiss in pain as the movement pulled at his shoulder. He was surprised that such a small noise woke the hunter, but Dean's eyes immediately opened and he righted himself, eyes focused on the angel. Cas supposed he shouldn't have been
Cas wrinkled his brow, trying to make sense of typical meal orders and now conditions under which those titles applied. Eventually he gave up, standing and heading towards the bunker's shower room. He cleaned off and changed into his only other pair of clothes, a pair of jeans and one of Sam's old sweatshirts. The sleeves were too long, but at least it was clean. He made a mental note to ask Dean if he could make use of the bunker's laundry to clean his other jeans and shirt.
Dean felt the bones in his leg shift uncomfortably, but soon after the pain faded. He even felt the agony coursing through his ribs recede to a dull ache. He allowed the angel to pull him to his feet, the shackle falling away and clunking against the concrete floor. "You're-"
Cas headed back and grabbed what he needed to come start the fire, impressed with how quickly it sparked up.
Cas sat up, watching him leave, and hearing the shower switch on a moment later. He couldn't help a gentle smile in spite of the overwhelming nature of recent events. He felt a warmth settle in his chest, and he held onto the comforting feeling. The angel switched into his own clothes before heading out of the motel room to pick up breakfast and a coffee for Dean.
Dean nodded, relieved. He gave Sam a lot of shit about being a nerd, but he was thankful for his obsessive studies of the bunker's warding now. He kept his shotgun at the ready as they rode the elevator up to the fifth floor, and as the doors opened they could already hear the commotion. They rounded the corner, seeing the three demons, clawing at the open door like wild animals, being held back by some unseen force. As soon as they caught their attention, Dean raised up the shotgun and began loading them up with rock salt while Sam began his well rehearsed exorcism.
He let the silence stretch until he felt Cas begin to tremble against him. He himself was starting to shiver and he finally was forced to move him. "Come on. Let's get out of these wet clothes."
feel a lot nicer. He looked at the hunter as he continued to watch some movie. For just a moment he was reminded of the Dean who brought him to that motel room after his grace almost burnt up. That something almost approaching the real Dean.
risking Dean's life for your own happiness? Even more accurate, was it worth potentially being able to simply help Dean less? To help Sam less?
The angels threw Cas forward, and he stumbled, Dean moving forward to catch the angel in his arms before he could face plant onto the pavement. A flutter of wings accented the sound of the car pulling away, and the four were left alone in the motel parking lot.
"You ready?" Cas sought to confirm, not wanting the hunter to rush out of some misplaced sense of obligation.
Dean moved back when he was done, inspecting his work one last time with a nod. He left for a moment, returning pulling a chair over next to the bed.
Even now, the angel hesitated before finally opening the door to 7b, and walking in to face the bound Knight of Hell.
The angel struggled to control his emotions, taking a deep breath and fighting through it. "Something… there was some sort of spell or something. It blinded us, Dean lost control of the impala. We crashed."
"Dean. I don't know what misplaced guilt you are carrying for the actions of a man you didn't become, but you should do your best to move past it." the former angel said, careful to keep his voice soft.
Cas bowed his head, focusing his gaze on one of the books on the table. "Dean was… It was hard to see him like that." He sighed. "I've been trying to keep him away from the news channels. I was glad didn't search for it on his own."
He jumped as a fireman knocked on the window next to him, and he turned his head, making eye contact as he continued to hold the freezing hunter close to his chest.
"Yeah." Dean sighed, feeling utterly drained and more than a little embarrassed at his over-sharing. He let the seconds roll into minutes, determined not to speak again, fearful of entering true chick-flick territory.
"Sam was in my way. Cas there is one thing that is important right now. Finding Metatron, and putting that blade through his chest."
That evening Sam had suggested they get pizza and throw a movie on the projector, mostly in a bid to try to get Kevin to come up for some air. It was then that he really noticed the difference.
"Well. I guess I'm game to try anything for a while." Dean said at last, spreading his hands and casting Cas a smirk. "If Cain could do it, why can't I?"
Cas held him close, trying to keep him steady as the impala lurched down the back roads, racing towards the nearest hospital. He held his hand over Dean's, keeping it pressed down on the wound, trying to hold as much blood in as possible.
"Yeah yeah. Enough chick flick moments. Get in the car." Dean walked forward, opening the broken door once more and heading out into the cooling night air.
The sound of the crashing waves mixed with the howling wind, both threatening to drown out his words as Cas spoke. "Dean, it's me… look at me." He put a hand on Dean's chin, tilting it up towards his face.
"Foosball. Ping pong. Anything." He shifted slightly to sit up against the wall. "I'll take anything really."
Cas' expression was one of pain, but Dean didn't think it was physical pain. The angel looked healed, though blood still soaked his clothing.
Cas took time to fold the sleepwear and place it beside Dean's bag before he repeated his breakfast run from the day prior.
Dean gripped the counter, riding out another wave of static building in his mind. "Yeah, everybody is so
Cas felt his injuries with every small bump and shake of the stretcher as it was brought up to the ambulance. He felt himself get pushed in, and had to squint against the harsh direct lighting inside the vehicle. The warmth was comforting though, and he found himself able to relax just a slight bit, knowing they had been found. He felt a newfound appreciation for the humans who chose a life of rescue in these more mundane matters.
Cas watched him eat, feeling relieved the hunter had accepted the terms he laid out without complaint. Though without any other verbal response either, Cas noted. He just accepted the small victory, knowing not to push his expectations.
He looked up as the king slipped onto the bar stool beside him, drink in hand. "We'll have to pick our next destination with a little more care than our last honeymoon spot."
Sam cleared his throat. "Uh, he is going to stay at the hotel at nights. I don't think he's ready to trust sleeping here…"
happy. Dean's normal expression was set somewhere between serious and concerned. It was rare enough to see a full smile from him, and even then it was always prompted by humor or excitement. Even as kids, happiness was a rare luxury for the older hunter. Sam didn't think he'd ever seen Dean just look
Cas felt the figure pressed against him finally relax fully, his breathing evening out to a mild snore. He allowed himself to think back on the events in his life that led him to be in this car with this hunter. To reflect on the choices, both the good and the bad that ended in this conversation, in this revelation. And for this moment at least, he found he could not be too upset about the current state of affairs.
"Shut up." Dean rolled his eyes, twisting the top off the bottle and taking a sip, trying to ignore the protest his body made. He spared a glance up at his brother, but Sam seemed to be paying him no mind.
"I would have liked to see him try." Dean flashed a cocky grin, but it was clear that it was covering for how completely drained he was. The walk to clear his head had turned into something of a desperate run, trying in vain to keep his racing thoughts from overtaking him completely. His fist had met an unfortunate fence, repeatedly, and the pain of that had allowed him to regain some semblance of control.
"No, none of that." Dean caught Cas' pained eyes. His expression pleaded with the angel to understand. "I need this."
Sam looked like he might argue for a second, but he nodded, turning and heading back towards the library to check in on Kevin.
After a brief hesitation, Cas lifted his hand again, pressing it flat to the side of Dean's head. He would not normally take such a liberty, or invade Dean's privacy like this, but he felt deeply troubled by the things Dean spoke about. So deeply asleep, his surface level thoughts were quiet, but deeper Cas had more of a sense of Dean's innermost feelings, and he recoiled at their familiarity.
Dean knew she wasn’t actually flirting with him and recognized the flirtatious behavior as nothing more than attempt to get someone to do something you want. Dean used it while hunting to get people to talk to him. He would do this with people he met at bars who took an interest in him even when he wasn't dressed in his FBI getup. Mackenzie was using it to get Dean to listen to her. Maybe Mackenzie had more going that head of hers besides her upbeat attitude.
On the far right and a little back from rest stood the last angel who put Dean a little on edge. They had been allies and Cas had considered him a friend. That was until Cas had betrayed the angel and stabbed him in the back on his misguided quest to become near-God. Granted, he still looked a little douchey in his V-neck and jacket.
Cas took Dean’s words and digested them one by one before speaking, “I guess it’s not the first time we’ve seen the same situation differently.”
The angels were not amused by Dean’s jokes. Dean’s mind was screaming at him to keep the angels away from Cas and Jack at all costs even his own life if need. Dean tried to focus his mind and create a game plan that would give Cas enough time to flee the bunker with Jack while not pissing off the angels enough so they don’t hurt Eileen or Charlie has revenge. He was drawing blanks and the only plan he had was to lead them around the bunker for as long as possible.
“I was trying to make you feel better! You seemed agitated and I was trying to calm you down. That didn’t mean I’m happy with what was happening in the bunker. I’m just as unhappy as you are!” Dean replied without thinking.
Sitting in the shiny house made Dean feel unwelcome. He was not cut out for this neighborhood in his flannel and well-used jeans. Glancing at Cas, he had the thought that the house didn’t feel like Cas. Cas needed something simple and cozy not bright and metallic. Neither of them would fit with all the rules in place either. They were both too rebellious for that nonsense. Thankfully, Cas agreed that the house was not right for him.
Hannah didn’t move and Balthazar looked at his feet before turning his attention to a ring on one of his hands. The truth was there in the inaction and unspoken. Nobody said anything. Not about Heaven or the Empty.
They moved the conversation to the living room after dinner. Jack was sprinting around, bouncing off the couches, showing off his sign-language to Eileen, and introducing Sam to every toy car he owned. He was wide awake now that he had been fed even though Dean had assured Sam he was heading towards a quick crash. Jack sprinted at Sam full speed and collided with his knee out of pure excitement.
“It’s getting late. You still need to do your physical therapy so why don’t we go back inside and talk-”
It may be stupid but Sam never realized how heavy honey in mason jars was until he was carrying two large crates crammed full of the stuff. Eileen had three reusable bags filled with excess produce in her care and Dean pulled a wagon crammed full of boxes filled with different type of honey in front of them. Cas had Jack’s backpack on his back and was carrying a box filled with set up materials including change, price stickers, cost sheet, and the tablecloth. Their table sat ready and waiting for them.
It became clear to Dean quickly the game they were going to be playing was chicken. Either Dean could wave Cas off and send him to TobyBrian to spite Cas meaning Dean would win the game. But that would be mean trusting TobyBrian enough with the damn repairs that the truck wouldn’t break down with Jack and Cas in the cab.
“That makes sense, though I know absolutely nothing about bees so I’ll just have to take your word for it.”
Jack’s few medications were administered throughout the day but Dean and Cas were exhausted enough to skip story time and most of their regular routine. Neither wanted to leave the other to watch Jack alone through the night so they both stayed in the living room. Their single lumpy couch was the assigned sleeping station. Dean knew he was sleeping lightly during his turns for sleep because kept checking for Jack’s breathing and he knew Cas was doing the same. At one point he heard the printer upstairs come to life but Dean was half asleep so he couldn't be sure. Late sometime that night, Charlie sent over the paperwork she had agreed to make which was the sound Dean had heard. Neither Dean nor Cas had a chance to open the file until the next morning while they sat at the new doctor’s office.
Charlie had been somewhat healed but remained knocked-out. There was a part of Dean’s brain that flashed to seeing their Charlie on the hunter’s pyre again. Dean looked for the rise and fall of her breathing and was relieved to see they were long and deep. For the first time since seeing her, she seemed peace and color had returned to her cheeks. Her face was smooth and unbothered in her deep sleep. The bruise from whatever had knocked her in the head was gone.
That caught Dean by surprise. It wasn’t even the fact that there were loads of times Dean and Cas weren’t on the same side. Hell, sometimes they were barely friends and that was putting it generously. There are many parts Dean would change if given half a chance. Being comfortable with the past and liking it were two separate things.
A small smile tugged at the corners of Cas’s mouth. Cas had said that so softly and quietly that Dean almost wondered if he heard him correctly. Cas looked up and met Dean’s eyes. They say everything without saying another word. Cas forgave Dean like he always done when Dean is being a jerk. Cas wasn’t going to take Jack and leave or send Dean back to the bunker. Dean promised to do better. A lot can be said with eye contact alone and Dean is thankful for that because words often failed him when it came to Cas.
Dean got out of his seat and grabbed the folder. He almost just missed the shift in Mackenzie’s expression from anticipation to relief when Dean stepped off the rug and moved to the counter. He went to hand it to her but her arms remain crossed. He took the folder with him and sat down again. Dean had initially felt some sort of pride that he was able to rise and walk well to get folder without his leg bothering him. He had come a long way since their first appointment. She didn’t look pleased when Dean had turned around.
Dean could definitely think of a few things. He thought about leaning over and kissing Cas breathless while feeling the newly formed stubble beneath his fingertips. He thought about dragging Cas over the front seat while the rain hit the metal roof of the Impala and drowned out his moans. He thought about pulling off Cas’s sweatshirt first and then the former Metallica tee that Cas stole from Dean’s laundry the first week he was human as the windows begin to fog up. He thought about his hands tracing Cas’s-
Sam managed to tear his eyes away from Eileen to see Dean had his hand resting on Cas’s shoulder and chuckling at whatever Cas had just said to him. The laugh lines around his mouth and eyes crinkled in well-worn delight. Cas was beaming at Dean clearly happy at making Dean laugh. Jack had woken just enough Sam could see his blues eyes shifting around but hadn’t lifted his head from where it rested against Cas’ neck. Dean used his free hand to ruffle Jack’s hair briefly before turning to Sam and gesturing towards the door.
The high school football, soccer, and volleyball teams walked past and handed out flyers to their events, stickers, and temporary tattoos of the local mascot. Soon enough, Sam was roped in to helping Eileen and Jaqueline press these temporary tattoos onto Jack and other kids who lined up for their turn. The marching band was fantastic and Sam enjoyed their rendition of the Ghostbuster’s theme song.
Rowena was wringing her hands nervously at 4:15. The single table that they had pulled from the wall had the ingredients meticulously laid out in order. Four spell books were stacked neatly in one corner. Kevin’s spell and a copy of the spell written in neater writing were taped to the table (thanks in large part to Jack recent wind gusts). Rowena had handpicked Charlie as her assistant for helping with the spells citing her intelligence “despite her brutish upbringing”. Charlie was equal parts offended, exasperated, and complimented.
“That’s Clayton, Brandon and Jaqueline’s youngest son. You’ll meet them at some point, I’m sure. Jack and him are good friends. Clayton’s over nearly as much as Lily.”
Sam watched her walk over to the various bags hanging up on a rack with bright letter markers. Bianca the nurse made her way to the section marked “S”. She grabbed two paper sacks and before making her way back. She waved them goodbye and they quickly departed the still crowded clinic.
On the website, there was a very professional spiel about the three physical therapists including “Doc Mac”. Dean was right about her hiding her intelligence. She double majored as an undergraduate in Kineseology and Biology both of which she completed in 3 years. Afterwards, she earned her Masters. Her grades were so great that she was accepted to University of Southern California’s Division of Biokinesiology and Physical Therapy doctorate program on a fully-funded research grant.
“That I can promise. I can also promise that when they stop needing me, I’ll start coming back to the bunker to help with… dude you gotta pick a name or something for this thing you’re making.”
“Portals? Not even going to ask me how I am doing or what I’ve been up to? You Winchesters really were raised in a barn.”
“Cas, I’m sorry. I thought if we all had the same last name it would be easier. The nurse even said that you wouldn’t have to sign any forms and I just wanted to make things go smoothly. And then I thought it would be easier after we left too because we could do things like pick up prescriptions without worrying about which identity to use or fumble through having to explain multiple last names.”
“Hey, so a bunch of us are going to the dinner. You guys up for some classic American grub? They’ve got the best cheesesteak in town.”
Mary slowly said, “Sam said that you and Cas were moving out of the bunker with Jack so he can have a normal childhood. He said you and Cas didn’t have any luck finding a house.”
They found Eileen locked in a bedroom with Charlie. Eileen went from being happy to see them to raging angry in a matter of moments. She had been mad Dean sidelined her by grouping her with Charlie and then she was mad because she had to wait until Dean came to find them to get free. She smacked Dean hard on the arm before wrapping him in a hug. Eileen turned to hug Cas and Jack so Dean shifted his focus to the redhead lying on the bed.
Dr. Hines returned two hours before they were released. He suspected that Jack something similar to an asthma attack like they had all pretty much assumed. He assured them that infants almost always grow out of their asthma phases or at least get better control over it as they grow. Diagnosing an infant with asthma was difficult and Dr. Hines didn’t want to do it but so far their treatment strategy had proven effective so they would continue on.
More often than not, when Dean couldn’t be found near the phones or the stack of lore Sam had left for him, he would find Dean simply hanging out with Jack and Cas. There was a certain level of comfort Dean and Cas had established and they themselves had gotten into a routine all their own. They were on the same wavelength when it came to Jack and what he needed. They would hand off supplies without the other asking and knew what the other needed without saying a word.
This was one of the very first chapters I wrote for this fic so I'm really nervous about posting it. I hope you guys like it, especially the end.
Once, Dean had a dream that it did just that. In the dream, Dean said something that made Cas smile while they were alone in a room he didn’t recognize. His rumbling laugh caused the feather to dislodge and float gently to the floor. The pitiful thing landed next to Dean. When he picked it up, the feather started to heal slowly. Piece by piece it began to return to it’s former glory. Handing the healed feather back to Cas made Cas smile in his dream.
The doctor spoke calmy, “Last question and then I promise to let you both rest, I want to coordinate with Jack’s primary pediatrician on Jack’s aftercare. Who is Jack’s doctor?”
“This time Jack will be old enough to help with the painting. Last time we painted, he would sit in his bouncer and jam out with me while I did all the work. He can do everything below the knee which my back and leg would sure appreciate. What do you think Jack, want to help me paint the office?” Dean had said with a smile.
Silence hung heavy between them. Dean clenched and unclenched his jaw because he didn’t know how to respond. Was Cas still pissed or did he hate the lame apology Dean had cooked up? Was it not enough to stay?
“That is a better and more effective control method than better than regular pepper spray,” Cas said unperturbed. He closed the door and turned fully to Mackenzie who didn’t lower the bear spray. It was awkward for a moment.
Dr. Stern turned around and began to rummage through the doors he had been leaning against. Nurse Bianca was a young nurse with a round, friendly face and had never given Dean or Cas a reason not to trust her. She extended her arms slowly as she approached Dean. It was clear she was trying not to startle Cas and Dean into giving her Jack. Jack began to fuss the moment Dean began to maneuver him to hand him over. When she turned away from Cas and Dean with Jack in her arms, Dean stood up and moved himself to a position where he could see what happening clearly. Cas moved in sync with him and they stood side-by-side to watch
Two hours before the end, Dean found him in sitting on Cas’s bed with Cas sitting next to him. Between them, Jack practicing sitting up and playing with a rattle toy that doubled as a pacifier.
of constant buildup that amounted to nothing. Years of watching the eye contact. Years of watching the lack of space. Years of hearing shit like “you gave up an army for one man” and “the very touch of you corrupts”. All. The. Time.
Dean was on his feet in seconds. Eileen who had been reading at another table not far away had a gun trained on the entrance though they couldn’t see the door. Dean turned to meet Cas’s eyes who were equal parts shocked and calculating. The soldier in Cas was evaluating the situation but the human Cas was taken by surprise.
Dean couldn’t stand Naomi and Cas practically hated the witch with a passion. They never told each other why but their mutual hatred was recognized years back after she double crossed and lied to both of them. Yet this time during his solo meeting with Naomi, he was not hoping Cas would return to him. He was hoping Cas and Jack were already long gone.
Dean didn’t even have a chance to protest before he felt the cool wash of angel grace run through him. He skin knit back together, sore muscles eased, and bruises fade. He was particularly happy to note that all the soreness from Jack’s sporadic book throws were gone.
She was right. Bruiser had a LOT of quirks. The first night Bruiser huffed, snorted, and barked until Dean lifted him onto his bed. Satisfied, Bruiser plopped his basketball-sized head on to the pillow next to Dean's, smearing drool across the pillow cover. Bruiser apparently liked comfort.
Her eyes slowly fluttered open. She always looked gorgeous but the smile she gave Sam every time she woke took his breathe away. On the rare occasion Eileen napped somewhere in the bunker, Sam would hang around until she woke up to see her smile. It was one of the reasons he always tried to wake up first too. That smile alone was enough to make his entire day before it even started. It was a smile he never wanted to stop seeing and a smile he hoped to see every day for the rest of his life is he was lucky. He gave her a moment to become more alert before he signed that they had fallen asleep and Dean got their room set up for them.
For the first two days, Dean did not emerge from his room. Cas, Sam, and even Eileen left food outside the door when Dean refused to open it. Sam noted loudly through the door Dean didn’t seem to be taking the pain pills he had left for him on the rare occasion he had eaten. At that, Dean pulled on a pair of headphones to drown out his brother and the throbbing pain in his leg.
Mackenzie sure knew how to put him through a crisis both physically and mentally. Without another word or a glance in their direction, Mackenzie departed from the room and left Cas and Dean sitting on the bench alone.
“I thought Cas just wanted the hives for a hobby and occasional sale. When did you guys decide to expand?”
Hours were spent dodging each other after Cas “accidentally” painted a long line down Dean’s arm when Dean had made fun of him by bringing up the “Pizza Man” incident. At first, the occasional miss placed stroke or bump would cause one to smear paint on the other. Eventually, brushes were used as swords and then thrown as they saw fit. At one point, paint brushes forgone, Cas pined Dean to the floor with his arms holding Dean down and was straddling Dean. Dean had landed a very wet streak of paint against Cas’s cheek moments before.
When Cas reached their room, he looked sheepishly from Dean to Mackenzie and back. He had been caught and he knew that. Dean met his eyes with raised eyebrows like he was waiting for an explanation. He wasn’t even that mad at Cas or Sam really. Not that long ago, he would have been pissed that they made plans without his knowledge because they were trying to do what’s best for him.
Sam may have let it slide more because Eileen came back during this time too while Dean was in the early stages of learning to like Jack.
“Mam, we see patients in the order of most critical,” started the receptionist in a tone that suggested that this was not her first rodeo dealing with patients who thought the world was going to end if they were not seen immediately.
The thought in the back of Sam’s head pinged loudly in preparation for a fight. Years spent on the road and working with his brother made him hyperaware of his triggers.
Mackenzie spoke so fast it made Dean’s head spin. It took him a solid 30 seconds to realize she had apologized to him in the middle of talking to Cas for assuming he had a female partner. She had looked from Cas to Dean back to Cas then down at her phone. Dean wondered briefly if he should be offended that she thought Cas was his partner before she swung around to show him a photo on her phone.
“Charlie darling, I need you to stay with me!” Rowena interrupted immediately tearing her gaze away from the book, “I can’t do the spell and mix the ingredients and frankly she is the only one semi qualified to help me.”
Dean walked a few paces forward to put himself between Billie and Jack and Cas. He opened his mouth to say something but Billie flicked her wrist.
Every time he tried to disappear, someone would stop to chat with Dean or drag him back into the festivities despite his souring mood. He used to be one that loved to party. He loved the atmosphere of a good time crowd. In that moment, he wanted to be back in his room so he could think about things. The party was loud or boisterous. Even Sam was enjoying himself. But beer and other drinks were being passed around and Dean was growing tired of declining. He had broken his new rule for taking his pain meds earlier that day at Cas’s suggestion to take one for the ride and one after physical therapy. He didn’t know when he would take the next one so he had to stay sober just in case.
Dean was supposed to be there for Sam. That was his job. That was his purpose and the most important thing. It was what he had been trained to do his entire life. Dean was supposed to protect Sam. Dean needed to be here so he can make sure that Sam was safe and alive. A part of Dean needed to be at the bunker too. He was a hunter too. A hunter who watched out for his brother, hunted bad things til they were dead, and didn’t worry about things like windows or cooking dinner or a normal life.
What stopped Dean’s heart though was when Cas gripped Dean’s hand and slid one of the rings onto Dean’s fourth finger calmly. Too calmly. Like he was picking a piece of lint off a sweater. Dean froze at the contact and his brain started sending out fireworks. Cas smiled at him and went to get up to leave, presumably to get Jack ready for his appointment, before Dean scrambled to grab Cas’s hand and shove the ring on his finger with a lot more force than what was truly necessary. Dean felt that buzz all the way from his head to his toes the entire way into town.
I volunteered next. I had been meaning to before Sam had but your brother was quicker than me. My schedule here with Jack would allow me to attend every appointment and help you every night. I can handle your… stubbornness when it comes to caring for yourself. I am comfortable being close to you. Sam agreed that I struggle with personal space even now and you’ve adjusted to it after all these years. Plus, I care about you deeply and want to help you but that goes without saying for all of us.
Sam quickly jumped back into talking, “I didn’t mean it like that. I just meant that you’ll have no down time to
“Technically, you said you would call him back when we got into the motel room. We aren’t in the room yet.”
Sam’s thoughts were interrupted as Cas started talking, “Dean, the doctor’s office closes early today. Do you want me to get the prescriptions?”
The door began to give from the force. It was seconds from swinging wide open as whatever powerful beings succeeded in their assault.
One of the female angels, a woman with short, blonde hair and piercing eyes stepped forward then. Her gaze bore into Dean’s skin and Dean wondered briefly if she was going to smite him right there on the floor of the library. She seemed like the type and a nagging familiarity about this angel made him wonder if he was truly safe.
A little, terrified tortie drew his attention. She was slated for euthanasia and the adoption staff said she was almost feral due to her fear when Cas asked about her. Nobody could touch her.  Cas wagged his fingers through the cage bar and she came up to sniff his finger before running away again. His heart broke and he decided to adopt her that day 3 years ago much to Ishim’s dislike. He knew what she should be named immediately and hoped she would aspire to be like the character. She got the “Woman inherits the earth part” right. She ruled the apartment with an iron fist.
Glancing at his watch, he was a little startled to find it was a few minutes shy of 11pm now. Sam remembered checking his watch not long after Cas followed Dean up the stairs. The time then had read 10:18pm. The mental math came slower than normal as he tried to calculate the time difference.
Cas had spent hours in the garden as soon as the weather in March allowed him to be outside. He put a fence around the perimeter he measured out and had spent the first month removing the dead and decaying foliage that had built up over the years. Some days he would gently water his carefully selected wild plants that would remain with the utmost care. Some days he was a hurricane that ripped posts out and tilled his garden while sweating and covered in dirt. Once, Dean watched Cas pull a lopsided sapling out of the ground with nothing but his bare hands. To say Dean was impressed was an understatement. The garden was soothing to Cas no matter his mood and Dean had noticed the changes in Cas but he hadn’t said anything so as not to disrupt Cas’s space. Cas had finally deemed the lot ready for plants and was slowly accumulating vegetables and flowers of all types to plant.
Dean jokingly called Cas “babe” one time in the grocery store when Cas couldn’t decide which organic cereal they should start Jack on. He kept switching back and forth for about 20 minutes before Dean told him “Hurry up, babe” which earned him the eye squint and head tilt combo signature to only one angel. The confused look made Dean laugh and calling him “babe” made Dean smile. He could get used to that he realized a little too fast. A few locals down the aisle that had been watching them caught that and now Dean was down a rabbit hole.
Cas even helped Claire load her bags into the car she was sharing with Alex, Kaia, and the orphaned teenage girl who Jody was fostering for the time being. Jody figured she would have more fun in the car with people her own age instead of hanging out with Jody and Donna. As Cas hugged Claire goodbye, Dean joked that the newest girl would be corrupted and Jody told him that karma would bite him in the ass for making that comment one day.
The panic flared in himself immediately and everything screamed that something had grabbed Cas. He slowed his thinking and shifted Jack ever so slightly on his hip as he scanned the room. This wasn’t a hunt and Cas, even human, was perfectly capable of caring for himself.
“Samuel, unlike you, I have certain talents, if you will, and I can get all three of these things before you boys could begin to think of where to find these. Blood of a most holy man? You boys would stalk some goody-two shoes priest until he caved and gave you what you need. I just need to call in a favor. Ciao boys!”
A pause came from Cas before he smiled in understanding, “That does sound like a movie she would enjoy.”
On the second day, Dean found out that Bruiser would take a mouthful of food out of his bowl, spit it out two feet away, eat the pieces one-by-one, and then go back to the bowl to repeat the cycle.
That "quirk" was the reason Bruiser had been turned into the shelter the first time and returned both times the receptionist told Dean when he phoned the following morning. His first owner thought it was hilarious when Bruiser did it as a puppy and encouraged it for a long time. When Bruiser reached 60lbs, it apparently lost its charm and took him the shelter when he wouldn't stop. Both of Bruiser's adopters thought that this quirk was just too much on a list of weird quirks and brought him back after short stays. The shelter receptionist said they didn't know how they were going to get him adopted at this point with his track record.
Just like Dean thought, he was pissed the following day and barely spoke to the other adults in the bunker for making life decisions without his consent. Sam came by to ask him to read some lore and left when Dean gave him his best death glare. He forced himself to let go of the anger by Story Time because he didn’t want Jack to pick up on any bad vibes. He did his physical therapy and massage with Cas. Their second night was a little bit easier thanks to an already forming routine though Dean didn’t talk much because he was still a little irritated. Those happy and relaxing hormonal helped ease his bad mood and by the end Cas and Dean were back to normal.
Rowena narrowed her eyes suspiciously as Dean launched into the plan and everything that happened. At this point, it was nearly a script in his brain and he was having a weird sense of Deja vu. This was different though, Rowena eyes went wide and she became angry as the story came to a close.
Sam felt a tug of guilt in the pit of his stomach. He hadn’t waited this long to visit intentionally and always meant to come out and help with repairs. But time was a pesky thing, forming the newly established American League of Hunters at the exact time when Cas and Dean had left the bunker gave him with lots of responsibilities and made his “work-week” long- almost to the point of never ending.
Dean was frustrated. Everything about this last week had gone about as wrong as wrong could go. Things fell apart when a witch, on what should have been routine hunt, tossed him around like a rag doll. She even managed to bust Sam’s shoulder by throwing him through a window not once but twice.
No longer needing Jack or Dean, Charlie prepped the ingredients and Rowena immediately launched into focusing on the other spell. She started the incantation slowly. Dean moved to get out of their way. The slow rise and fall of Jack’s chest soothed Dean. They moved further away from table with Rowena’s voice muffled in the background.
That was the first time they had to use the nebulizer. Samandriel had been sent to fetch the instrument at the instruction of another angel who had spent her time on earth healing people as a doctor before one of Bartholomew’s thugs killed her for not picking a side. She had recommended it to help strengthen his lungs and open his air ways should he have trouble breathing again.
He turned slowly and kept his hands in the air. Dean nearly let out an audible sigh of relief when he found Mackenzie holding bear spray in her hand. Not a gun thankfully but Dean wasn’t too keen on being on the receiving end of a full blast of grizzly bear deterrent. Something had obviously spooked Mackenzie and dread filled Dean’s stomach. She flicked the spray in the direction of the seat and Dean went to sit on command.
Dean reached out and grabbed Cas’s wrist. The machine monitoring Cas’s heartbeat was still beeping away but the pulse beneath his own fingertips felt strong. He knew in that moment.
Sam thought. He immediately disliked the guy and knew he was to blame for the woman being uncomfortable. When Neil spoke, she had flinched so hard it looked like she had been slapped.
“You know that means I’ll be spending most of my time with Cas and Jack to start with? I’ll come back here on the weekends.” Dean said as he tested the waters.
“Dean, he is not going to bite you so would you please hold him correctly. I know you know how to,” Cas chided as he tested the temperature of the bottle by flicking a few drops onto his wrist.
The A-team was Apocalypse world team. Dean preened at his own his own logic, then immediately recognized his need for sleep if that was the best he could do. This team was his little brother the mighty hunter, two off the baddest women that took no shit, and the alternate-reality-harden-father-figure.
Her sarcasm was underwhelming as she left Cas’s arms to hug him. She had to stand on her tip toes and Dean could feel her trying to crush him in her arms.
This was after Jack had Story Time and would go to bed and before their usual 8:00 PT time. Dean was a little bewildered when Cas continued by saying they were skipping Story Time that night. Unsure he heard Cas right, Dean ran a hand over his face to try to wake up more.
Dean’s eyes left the woman almost immediately and scanned his field of vision before landing and tensing further. Sam didn’t have to look to know that know that Dean saw the same agitated man. A darkness crossed Dean’s face.
Dean finished telling Charlie about their Charlie. Her stubborn refusal to back off when the Mark of Cain had taken Dean down a dark path. The story of their Charlie dying Dean sped through because it was too painful and made him feel guilty looking into her eyes now.
Although when Dean overheard Sam telling Jody, who had called with an update on her newest wayward daughter, about it when he snuck into the kitchen to get them food, he made it sound like both Dean and Cas had spent the day being overprotective worrywarts who wouldn’t let anyone near Jack. It was partially true. When Sam came to check on Jack, Dean had barely let him into the room because he felt protective of their little safe haven. He hadn’t wanted anybody disrupting the quiet and that included Sam.
