John was grateful that he hadn’t needed to say it aloud, that Sherlock had not made him be the one to suggest something so potentially taxing.  Sherlock, whether having realized himself what should happen next or having deduced what was on John’s mind, had come to the conclusion himself.
He ignored rational thoughts that his friends were simply concerned about him and instead began to plan how he would tell Lestrade to leave, the words he would use to tell him to fuck off and stop interfering in his life.  John’s anger needed an outlet, and Lestrade was the only one available at the moment.
Bunny had to wait only a moment with her eyes squeezed shut before Papa placed something oddly shaped into her waiting hands.
The detective had been caught somewhere between childlike troublemaking and adult deducing, and it seemed no one could quite determine on which side to let the statement land.  Mycroft took stock in the fact that John had not denied the statement, wondered just what the man felt about ageplay in regards to himself.  Perhaps he and Sherlock had been discussing new developments to the relationship?  Was it possible John wanted to participate in ageplay in a capacity other than as Sherlock’s caretaker?
Mycroft, perhaps sensing John was feeling older after his spanking but likely just wanting to continue Bunny’s punishment by ensuring the reddened skin of his bum was smarting against the car seat in only the thin layer of cotton beneath his jeans--had dressed him in underwear.  It would have been far easier to wet himself in a pull-up, but there was nothing to be done, now; he would have to make do.
If Mycroft thought the drama of the evening had ended once the boys had fallen back to sleep, he had vastly underestimated the troublesome nature of his kiddos and the impact their stressful day had placed upon them.  It was half two when he was awakened by a sniffling Sherlock climbing into John's bed beside him.
“Daddy, I’m not hungry,” he said to pull Mycroft’s attention away from Sherlock, who was licking ketchup from his fingers and parading his dinosaur chicken nuggets across his plate as Mycroft tried to feed him bites of macaroni and cheese.
Mycroft grunted to acknowledge Greg but did not sit down, continuing to traipse back and forth from one side of the bedroom to the other.
John's role in bringing such memories and potentially harmful ploys to fruition caused a low burn of guilt in his gut, and he sighed, regretting that he did not have the words to address Sherlock’s methods of avoidance or the clear-cut evidence to suggest to the man that Mycroft had not told them all that he knew.
“You did, yes,” he said at last, and Sherlock nodded, nuzzling his face against Mycroft where he was resting his head against his thigh.
“That’s right,” he said, smiling, and Sherlock let the littler side of himself accept the pride in Mycroft’s voice as the bigger side forced him to squirm.
“It’s true, Uncle Greg,” Sherlock said, “Lakes are temperamental and people swim and introduce bad bacterial microbes into the water that aren't indigenous to the ecosystem.”
“I don’t care, I don't care, I don't care!” Bunny yelled defiantly as he, despite his struggling, was put into the back seat and buckled in.  “You’re mean.”
John could not help but whine, allowing himself another moment to be small.  He knew as soon as he crawled from the bed he would feel obligated to play the gracious guest to Greg’s parents, to stand up tall and shake their hands and thank them for a lovely evening after complimenting the meal and their hospitality and their beautiful home.  He wished he could be grouped with the other kids, that he could be carried outside with his thumb in his mouth where he would quickly fall asleep in the backseat of the car after Greg had pulled Willa from his suitcase.
His avatar was making good progress, choosing the right handholds of a crumbling mountainside as he swung from cliff sides, but his body was losing control.
“Nonsense,” she said, clucking her tongue as she crossed to set the dishes on the sideboard.  “Sit down.  Lord knows we could all use a break from the frivolity.  It’s why I never let anyone else help me with the dishes--I need a little breathing room.”
“Whoops, this one’s sprung a leak,” Sherlock heard Uncle Greg say, and he turned, bleary-eyed, to see that Bunny was wetting what must have been an already wet pull-up, which was now leaking onto the bathroom floor.
“It’s alright, ladybug,” Daddy said, and Papa chimed in to say that it was nothing a good deep-clean wouldn’t handle.
Sherlock sighed and passed the bowl to John, who managed to get it into the sink behind him without having to stare long at the disintegrating bits of cereal.  His stomach settled a bit when he was seated once more, and he wrapped his hands around the tea cup to ground himself.
He glanced back at Bunny, who was rubbing at an eye, sleepy as he ran his fingers over the belly of his stuffed rabbit.  This was not a conversation for the baby to hear, and Mycroft stepped back to cover his ears.
Sherlock was now crying, but Bunny felt nothing but relief as he was carried away by his Daddy, who took him into the bathroom to draw a warm bath.
Sherlock shuffled in to drop off the bag Mycroft had packed and then shuffled back out to the hallway.
“Good job being polite, sweetheart,” Mycroft praised when the little bunny asked politely for a refill of juice, holding out his sippy cup.
“Headspace?” John asked, grasping to keep hold of his faculties as each new revelation unfolded and choosing to ignore his own apparent lack of observational skills when it came to Sherlock's bladder.
“Are you having trouble sleeping, Lock?” Mycroft asked, and Sherlock nodded.  Sherlock glanced across the table at John and, cheeks pinking, tried to hide his face back in his brother’s chest.  But Mycroft prevented him from doing so, holding his shoulders, so Sherlock instead whined and buried his face into his stuffed dino.  John was surprised to see Sherlock raise a hand to his face and slip his thumb into his mouth.
Sherlock whined but allowed himself to be led down the hallway.  He was coughing, and wiped his runny nose on the back of his hand.  It was clear as Greg guided him towards his new pirate bedroom that the kid was coming down with the same cold he suspected Bunny had.  Sherlock stopped in front of the bathroom doorway and pointed inside.
“I don’t think Sherlock has anything to worry about,” Greg said.  “Anderson’s too much of a Momma’s boy to be looking for a pair of grizzled Daddies.”
“Not that I remember,” Sherlock said.  “I was in fairly deep, however, and details don’t stick as well as they would otherwise.  Part of the appeal, generally.”
Greg filled the boys’ plates and then Mycroft’s and his own, and they all began eating, hungry after the travels of the day.  Sherlock was scooping large bites of pasta and chicken into his mouth until Mycroft reminded him to slow down and chew.
“You really think a grown man with no medical issues to speak of would show up with wet trousers as often as I do if he didn’t receive some sort of sexual gratification from the act?” Sherlock asked.  “Even someone as stubborn and distracted as myself could be bothered to use the loo if he really wanted to.”
The confusion John had felt had not dissipated despite his reckless drinking the night before.  The worry and guilt he’d felt when leaving Mycroft’s had returned that morning as he'd stepped from the shower and the reality of the day and their upcoming reconciliation with Mycroft and Greg settled around them.  He could not help but be reminded that it was, after all, his fault that Sherlock had felt compelled to pull himself out of headspace, his fault that Mycroft and Greg had been so on edge.
Mycroft nodded as John finished his sentence.  It wasn't unlike Sherlock’s reasoning for any of his intentional wettings.  John may have been less intrigued by the humiliation than was Sherlock, but the core desire to feel young and helpless and, although John had only alluded to it in passing, naughty, was the same.  John picked at the edge of the table with his fingernail.
“Sorry, daddy,” Bunny said when Mycroft turned back to face him, voice small around the thumb in his mouth.
“This is not sexual for Sherlock,” Mycroft said, which answered the question in the affirmative of whether Mycroft knew about their relationship.  “But I do understand it brings a new layer to your coupling which you may not be prepared to explore at this time.  I’ll explain things to him if you feel you’re not able to participate.  I can make him understand.”
Greg seemed to see through John’s attempts at confidence.  He glanced at him with sympathy, clicking his tongue in a way that signalled he disliked seeing John suffer.  John knew he couldn’t fully indulge his smallness at the moment, but he was unable to keep from leaning into Greg’s chest.  Greg accepted him immediately, wrapping him in the bear hug he needed and running a hand down his back.
“Undies, Daddy,” Bunny said when the nightgown had been pulled over his head, standing up off the bed and wiggling himself out of the sweaty pull-up.  “Big kid.”
He had been distracted enough in the newness of their trip down to the shore of the lake that he’d at last felt himself fully in headspace.  And so he had reacted to Sherlock’s anger and pushing as Bunny, had wanted Mycroft’s comfort in the aftermath of falling in the mud and losing the frog he had found as only Bunny could want it.  But although Mycroft bundled him up in warm clothes after stripping him of the muddy ones and hugged him to his chest, the sounds of Sherlock’s shrieks had reverberated throughout the lake house; it had been impossible for Bunny to ignore Sherlock’s distress, and thus it had been impossible for his adult worries about his boyfriend to stay hidden.  Bunny had shifted away from Mycroft to hide the fact that he was suddenly not as young as before.  Also unlike Sherlock, who generally took long stretches of time to come out of headspace, John could be brought out of headspace in a mere moment.  The transition that afternoon hadn’t been immediate, but he had been struggling against it ever since Sherlock’s tantrum.
The game was a complicated series of negotiations which involved Sherlock explaining in long detail the rules of the pirate code onboard his ship.  Bunny tried his best to follow along as he was ordered here and there, told what to say and how to act.  They fought against competing pirate crews and rode out a nasty seastorm, but when Bunny pretended they had found mermaids, Sherlock shushed him and told him that hadn’t really happened.
Greg scoffed, a bit taken aback by the weight in Mycroft’s voice.  Everyone had family members they’d rather not remember, memories wrought with pain and suffering.  It didn’t mean a lifetime of deep, dark secrets must be maintained.
Sherlock sniffled and blinked back a fresh onslaught of tears.  He was supposed to be older than Bunny, the one to set a good example for his little brother.  But right now the prospect of leading the charge in potty training seemed too large of an ordeal to handle.  Right now all Sherlock wanted to do was sit in Mycroft’s lap with Dimitri and his pacifier and not think about being responsible.
You've all been so patient while we've dealt with the drama of the past few chapters.  Enjoy our cute and fluffy return to ageplay, and let me know if you have any requests :)
He’d been doing well.  He’d had days when the depression threatened to overwhelm him, when it stifled the positive thoughts and left him huddled and alone even when he had company.  But he hadn’t hurt himself, not in months.  Mycroft had been keeping tabs, checking when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking.
“I need someone to help me pick out a little surprise for Sherlock to cheer him up today.  Do you think you could help me out with that?”
Surprise! I thought I would be updating 'Family Christmas' this weekend, but I realized just how long I'd neglected this story and finally buckled down to write this chapter.  It's long and probably a bit too wordy for most tastes, but it took a good many hours to write and edit so hopefully it'll be okay :)
“As is generally the case with my brother,” he said, “It appears the appeal of slipping lower has been eradicated now that it would not necessarily suit his present needs.”
Sherlock paused in mid-sentence and the boys turned over their shoulders to look up at him.  When they registered that he had their swim suits, they abandoned their task and rushed across the living room to crowd around him.
He watched the pedestrians on the London sidewalks, not bothering to map out the route they were driving to Mycroft's.  He had wanted to stay at Baker street, where the younger side of himself felt comforted by how familiar and cozy it was and the older side of himself knew he could retreat back into his adult life if he was unable to fully settle back down in age.  But they were already on their way, and unless he did something quickly, he would be pulled fully out of headspace and back to the stressors of his adult life before they even made it to Mycroft’s.  The past few days had been trying; he wanted a day of simple calm while little, not a day of vacillating headspaces lurching him unceremoniously back to adulthood.
“I can appreciate how difficult the past few days have been for you,” Mycroft said, shifting Sherlock’s position over his lap.  “And I understand how drained you are after your most recent string of cases.  But there’s no excuse for brattiness, and there is certainly no excuse for back-talk.”
They’d been working so many long hours that neither of them had much time to consider the stark contrast between their current activities and those of the past weekend.  They hadn’t paused long enough to realize they’d been neglectful in terms of taking care of themselves--barely sleeping, keeping extremely late hours, eating only fast-food and unhealthy takeaway when they could even be bothered to eat.  Even if John did feel, in the early morning hours as visions of gruesome deaths remained on the inside of his eyelids when he tried to sleep, that things were not quite right, or that maybe it was too much too soon, he did not have the time or energy to acknowledge the feelings.
It was a memory only just re-emerging.  While his father watched with a mirthless sneer, John had been forced to throw the dolls into the rubbish bin, to watch all week as food scraps and torn junk mail filled the garbage bag they sat at the bottom of.  The whole ordeal had made his parents argue, had made Harry look at him warily.
Mycroft knew the pacifier was Sherlock’s favorite whenever he sunk low enough to accept a pacifier.  Most days, Sherlock screamed and shouted that he was a big boy, too old for pacifiers and other items he deemed babyish.  It was clear from his tears and distress over his pacifier that Sherlock had sunk down deep today, Mycroft estimated around three and a half to four years of age.
, and Greg paused.  Bunny had openly expressed his preference for what were often coded as feminine toys and pajamas, but he had never before suggested that he was anything other than Mycroft and Greg's little boy.  Greg would be happy to have Bunny be their little girl if that was what he wanted.  In fact, it was something Greg had suspected they may come to as Bunny became more and more comfortable expressing himself.  But Greg had not wanted to initiate feminine pronouns without letting Bunny request them, and he had never before brought up the subject.
The guest room door had a lock, so Sherlock twisted it and breathed a bit easier knowing no one could walk in on him while he searched for a hiding place for the soiled clothes.  He picked up his wet socks and added them to the pile.  The closet was his first thought, but it was far too empty to have any good hiding places.  The room didn’t hold much more than the telly cabinet, bed, bureau, and closet, so he was left with few options.
The man was aloof throughout the ride, on his mobile but otherwise still.  Greg knew John Watson, could read the worry in the man’s silence, the discomfort in the way he held himself.  If John was anything, he was an overthinker, particularly when it came to what he perceived as failings on his part.  There was no doubt in Greg’s mind that the kid had spent the better part of the drive re-playing the events of the past few days, cycling through the moments he perceived to be signs of weakness: calling Greg to pick him up from the train station, being put down for a nap by Greg’s mother, and especially finding himself face to face with Greg’s older brother, after a nightmare and near accident.
Sherlock was glad he was not punished, was once more reminded that Mycroft always knew exactly what Sherlock needed in the moment.  If Mycroft had suggested that Sherlock slip lower, maybe he should trust his older brother’s instinct.
John pushed the door closed all the way before dressing as quickly as he could.  He didn’t want anyone walking in on him and, when he heard the doorbell ring, he had the irrational fear that somehow the takeaway delivery man would sense that he was yanking a pull-up over his thighs.
Mycroft glanced at Greg as if needing confirmation, and Greg provided it with a nod, again communicating through little more than a look and a quick hand gesture that he’d explain everything later.  He would intervene were Mycroft to refer to Bunny as gendered one way or the other, but, for now, as Mycroft took a seat on the couch and allowed Bunny to curl up on his lap, he could see that their currently oldest child was content.
John shifted his legs, then cursed to himself.  It was not just sweat which had made him feel so clammy.  He had peed the bed.
By the time he was cuddled up in Mycroft’s lap as Uncle Greg and Bunny picked a movie for them to watch before bedtime, he felt a bit older, a bit more like himself.  But he was comfortable and his mind was quiet, and he didn’t think there was anything wrong with pretending he was still as small and needy as he had been all day, even if it did mean wearing a diaper when the bigger boy in him said he didn’t need one.  He was safe and warm in his big brother’s arms, and sometimes it felt nice just to be held.
“Do you need the loo, lad?” Uncle Greg asked, and Bunny pulled his hand out of his pants.  He had been tracing the patterns on the front of the pull-up.
She laughed and cupped Greg’s cheek once more before dropping her hand and returning to her work in the kitchen.
“I wanna come,” Bunny said, his voice far closer to defiance than usual.  “But I wanna wear jammies.”
“Oh, bud,” Mycroft said, upset that the man would even think Mycroft might ask him to stop being little and unable to keep from slipping into caretaker mode.  “It’s nothing like that.  I wanted to assure you that I take great joy in caring for both you and Sherlock.  I am not skilled at expressing emotion--a trait I share with my brother.  But I am a man of many acquaintances and few friends.  I hope I am not presumptuous to group you into the latter category.”
“Alright, buddy,” he said.  “Will you be alright alone for a moment while I go gather John and Greg?”
Spankings were another point of contention among each man’s respective parenting styles.  Greg was hesitant to dole out any type of corporal punishment, even to Sherlock, who had admitted while out of headspace that he liked and wanted spankings to be included in ageplay.  When it came to John, who had outright asked not to be spanked during the earliest conversations he’d had with Mycroft about boundaries, Greg downright refused.
John sighed again.  He had been able to sense Mycroft and Greg watching him throughout the day, tracking his behavior in the same way they were tracking Sherlock’s.  It had been disconcerting, particularly because John did not want them to worry about him when Sherlock was feeling so out of sorts.  But he hadn’t exactly been able to tell them off without aging up, and it wasn’t surprising that Mycroft had noticed the lack of his usual endearment for the man.  John had consciously not used it, even when the two were alone.
And then Bunny was feeling less like Bunny and more like John, suddenly fiercely protective of his boyfriend and desperate to assure the younger version of Sherlock that he understood how hard it could be to process while in headspace.  Hell, it was hard enough to process emotion as an adult, let alone while in the mindset of a child.
Greg winked at Mycroft as Sherlock began rattling off the phylum, order, and species of reindeer before delving into the cultural significance of reindeer as they pertained to Christmas and the complete improbability of a red-nosed glowing reindeer barring genetic modification.  Mycroft had long known that distracting Sherlock from the actual practice of eating was the surest way to get him to eat anything close to a decent amount, and he smiled to see that Greg had picked up on the practice.  All told, listening to his little brother ramble on about hoof patterns and gestation periods wasn’t a bad way to spend a meal, particularly given the prospect of being able to watch the kids open presents when they were done.
And then he was yelling, grasping at the puzzle before John could stop him from destroying the work he'd done.  He threw handfuls of puzzle pieces across the room, tearing pieces from where they had, moments before, sat snugly, interlocked in an organized pattern.
“They’re checking DVLA records now,” Greg was saying, not seeming to notice John’s lack of focus.  “We got a tip on a potential location of interest.”
Mycroft met his gaze, eyes soft and understanding, but Sherlock could not let himself register his brother’s comforting presence without going to pieces.  So, he stuck out his tongue and then pressed his face once more into his arm.  His brother’s comfort had somehow become temporary, ready be taken away at any time.
Bunny looked as if he was contemplating telling him.  There was a relief on his face upon being found that Mycroft felt boded well for some sort of reconciliation between himself and his little boy.  But soon the boy dissolved into tears once more, shaking his head and burying his face back into his knees.
“I think someone could use a bath this morning,” he said.  “We’ll get you all nice and clean and dressed in something comfy before we take you down for some breakfast.  How does that sound?”
“I’ll make sure he knows I’m available to him,” Mycroft said after they had finished the dishes in silence.
“Finish your breakfast and watch cartoons with your brother,” Greg said to Bunny as he placed a hand on Mycroft’s shoulder and addressed his boyfriend.  “Sit in here on the couch, love.  We can eat with the kids.”
Mycroft made a quick trip to the boot of the car, returning with a blanket which he wrapped Sherlock in before buckling the boy in the back seat.  Sherlock enjoyed the feeling of being wrapped tight and warm, only wiggling his arms a bit in order to get to his thumb, which he placed into his mouth before leaning up against the door of the car.
“You’ll stay with me?” Sherlock asked, needing to make sure he wasn't about to head back to Bunny's side.
Let me know what you'd like to see as the weekend at the lake progresses for these guys--I definitely use ideas left in the comments in the chapters and stories.  The super sweet Sandrina gave me the idea of jealous little Sherlock (thanks, Sandrina!), which happened to fit really well when I was wondering how Sherlock would find out that Mycroft has become John's Daddy.  And there are many other ideas you guys have given me that are bouncing around in my mind and will be incorporated when I find the right way to do so in the course of the narrative :)
“What do you say we watch a bit of telly when you’ve finished?” John asked, wanting to settle Sherlock’s burgeoning anxiety by not allowing him time to question what came next.
“Alright, kid,” Greg said, taking a sip of his coffee as Mycroft crossed into the kitchen and brought out boxes of cereal and Sherlock and Bunny’s plastic kids’ bowls--dinosaurs for Sherlock and The Little Mermaid for Bunny--to the kitchen table.  The breakfast Greg had made very early that morning had gone cold and rubbery in the wake of Sherlock’s injury.
“Parents?” Greg asked by way of starting the conversation.  He knew neither Sherlock nor Mycroft felt any lingering affection for their parents.
“Not a baby,” Bunny whispered, barely audible around the nipple of his own pacifier as he scampered into Sherlock’s room.
“And I-I didn’t want to have an accident because it was Christmas Eve,” he continued.  “And I didn’t mean to, but I woke up w-wet, and Santa watches on Christmas Eve.  And what if he saw me and thought I was b-bad?”
“Oh, you mean when you keep your pants dry?” Mycroft asked, and Bunny nodded, eyes shining with happiness.
“You can talk to me if you need to,” John said, voice quiet and sincere.  “It’s not like I’ve never been there.”
Greg proceeded to explain the events of the day, the shifts from a happy-go-lucky Bunny to a moody, argumentative kid wandering away and putting up outward shows of defiance in the store.  He briefly mentioned the stress Bunny had shown to feel about his affinity towards nightgowns and paper dolls.  Mycroft could see that there was more in Greg’s mind regarding the topic, and he knew they’d need to find the time to chat more fully regarding their conflicting beliefs over indulging this aspect of Bunny’s personality.  For now, however, they needed to deal with the issue at hand.
Sherlock emerged from the loo with a newfound energy, and he leapt into his place at the table, growling like a dinosaur as he clutched his stuffed toy under his arm.  Mycroft and John shared a look of amusement before the three men settled down to tuck into their waiting lunch.
“Little bunny’s got a paci,” Sherlock said, clearly confused, and Mycroft could see John tense up in anticipation of negative namecalling from Sherlock.
Mycroft took a deep breath which he released slowly.  They had both messed up spectacularly, ignoring warning signs and losing sight of their kids in the landscape of work. Now, it was their responsibility to put it right.
“Well, now I really wish you’d woken me up sooner,” John said as he pressed himself closer against Sherlock’s back while beginning to knead the sodden material.
Bunny gathered up his nightshirt where part of the hem had fallen out of his distracted grip.  Mycroft appeared rather unphased as he took his seat back on the bed, as if he had not just been asked to stick around while Bunny wet himself, for which Bunny was grateful.
"Later," Mycroft interrupted, closing the door to a small sliver so John could no longer be distracted by Sherlock and his wet underwear.  "I'd like you to go to Sherlock's room.  Find him some clean underwear and his pair of blue and red pajamas.  They will be tucked in the back of the second drawer as if he has been hiding them.  Bring them here."
“Bunny,” Daddy warned, and he wrapped a hand around Bunny’s arm to pull him gently back into a seated position.
Mycroft told Greg he would see him later that night, then hung up the phone.  He hoped Greg was right, and found himself wandering into the guest rooms Mycroft had begun setting up for each of the boys at his house, two small rooms not far from the master bedroom which had an adjoining door that could be propped open to allow the boys to move freely between each others’ room without needing to go out into the hallway.
Mycroft inadvertently slammed his shoulder into the door of 221b while attempting to enter, not used to the deadbolt being slid into place.  He had a few passing moments where he attempted to ascertain why the door would be locked, but quickly ignored his hypotheses in favor of getting to his Bunny.
Pulling John into the game had obviously been a calculated move on Sherlock’s part, one that Mycroft questioned John’s awareness of.  The act had the two-fold effect of making things more difficult for Mycroft while also blemishing John’s do-gooder reputation as Sherlock spurred him on towards mischief.  And if John were feeling guilty enough to attempt to force himself into headspace just for Sherlock’s sake, the man could use all the help he could get to keep from losing himself in the need to please Sherlock.
He didn’t have time to process what it meant that Mycroft had not gone back to bed but had instead waited outside the room in case he needed him.  A part of John would later realize that the plush rabbit he was so fond of while Bunny was beside Mycroft on the floor, as if Mycroft wanted to be prepared for either of John’s headspaces.  For the moment, the rabbit remained abandoned, and all John could do was allow his shoulders to be grasped by Mycroft.  The taller man stepped close and spoke calmly and pragmatically, leading John in guided breathing and explaining again and again that he was safe.
As soon as Sherlock was carried upstairs and placed onto his bed, however, his eyes fluttered open in confusion, and, seeing that he was no longer being held, he began to cry.  Mycroft shushed him and quickly gathered Sherlock back into his arms, but after such a jarring wake-up, Mycroft knew that any attempt to get Sherlock back to sleep would prove futile.
Still, he found he rather enjoyed the man’s company, and Greg was always extremely forgiving when it came to Mycroft’s rather long list of quirks.
“Fair enough,” Mycroft said, a bit relieved that he was not going to need to facilitate a conversation regarding ageplay with his parents.  “Then my second question is: would you like to be little for the rest of the car ride?”
Bunny immediately stepped close to Mycroft, who, clearly recognizing the kid’s red-rimmed eyes, gathered the kid close and began running fingers through their hair.  The kids’ favorite stuffies had been gathered and placed on the couch, and Bunny reached for Willa, tucking her under an arm.
He’d been a terrible big brother.  He was going to get caught; and, when he did, Mycroft was going to kill him.
“He begged me afterwards to let him wear underwear,” Mycroft said, realizing they would need to keep a closer watch on the boy in case he showed signs of needing the loo.  “And I agreed.”
Sherlock knew that Papa was bending down next to him.  The man’s closeness, his quietness, made him want to cry.  Papa was being so nice, using his gentlest voice and making sure he was speaking softly so the others wouldn’t hear while anticipating the fact that Sherlock did not want to be touched at the moment.  He lifted his head only to cast his eyes down to Papa’s shoes.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at his relentless brother, who just would not give up.  He had half a mind to leave the couch and tell his brother once more to leave him alone, but Sherlock was tired, his nose was running and his head ached to the point that he was beginning to think he really was coming down with a cold, and it was far easier to pull Dimitri to his chest and bury his head back into the blankets on Mycroft’s lap.
“If you used the potty upstairs that means you get to pick a sticker, ‘Lockie!” Bunny exclaimed, bouncing on his toes in excitement, clearly unable to fathom a situation whereby Sherlock would have “gone” before lunch without using the loo.  He turned to Papa for confirmation when Sherlock was unresponsive.  “Papa, Sherlock used the loo so he gets to choose a sticker for his chart, right?”
“Let’s get you sorted, then,” he said, gesturing with the hand holding the pull-up towards the bathroom off the bedroom.
“Christ, Sherlock, stop playing around and get inside,” Mycroft said in exasperation when he noticed that Sherlock did not move.  He crossed around the car and yanked open the passenger door of the SUV.  “You can’t do this here.  Go use the loo.”
Bunny tried to tell Sherlock he was sorry he wasn’t naughty too, but he was caught up in a yawn and only managed the roughest form of the words.  Sherlock smirked.
Sherlock turned and shuffled towards Mycroft, who took him by the wrists and pulled him close until he was standing between Mycroft’s knees.  His little brother was far too tall now to make it a practical position for getting the boy at eye level, as Mycroft had done when Sherlock was a child, but it conjured up an old routine, which went far where Sherlock was concerned.
“Alright,” Greg said, pinching the bridge of his nose the way he did when particularly overwhelmed.  “Give me twenty minutes.  Don’t let them inside until I arrive.”
There was a bit of relief that Sherlock was in his bedroom as an adult; Greg felt slightly less panic over not being with the boy.  That said, adult Sherlock had a very specific way of dealing with emotional pain which was, perhaps, more cause for concern, and Greg knew he was in for a night of post-duty outside the door of the blue and green bedroom.  It wasn’t hard to imagine that Sherlock would attempt to leave the lake house.  It also wasn't hard to imagine that he may try to harm himself, and Greg was exceedingly glad that he and Mycroft had done a sweep of the house when they arrived to baby-proof each of the rooms.  He could not think of anything in Sherlock's room that could be used for self-harm.
Sure enough, a few moments later, John stumbled into the kitchen, dressed in child-like Harry Potter Gryffindor pajamas and with a baby blanket wrapped around his shoulders, but he was very much in his adult mind.  It was clear he was relieved to find Mycroft waiting for him.
“I’m here for whatever you need, buddy,” he said.  “And I think you would feel much better if you weren’t such a stubborn little monkey who won’t accept my help.”
In the end, the decision was almost taken out of Sherlock’s hands.  With a yelp he felt himself lose a spurt of urine into the waiting pull-up.  He hunched over and pressed his hands between his legs to stop himself, but his face was flushed and his mind soothed by the slight indiscretion.  He wanted to lose himself completely; he needed the release.  It seemed that, once again, Mycroft had known what Sherlock needed before he even had known himself.
“I don’t need you to stay,” John said, even as he felt his anger slipping into what threatened to be a weepy frustration.
“I was in deep, Mycroft,” John breathed as he looked up at the older man.  “I’ve never been in that deep.  I knew I had to go but I kept telling myself it would go away, that I would miss something if I went.  Then I thought Sherlock would be upset if we had to pause for Uncle--for Greg to bring me to the bathroom, and also for some reason I was nervous to tell Greg I had to go.  He had just asked ten minutes before, and I’d lied and told him I didn't have to.  I’m not even really sure why.  So I rationalized holding it.  I truly was under the impression that it would go away if I just ignored it.  But then it got bad enough that I knew I had to tell someone.  And by the time I got to Greg, it was too late.  Oh, god, Lestrade must have been so mortified.  I just stood in front of him and pissed myself.”
“We, ah…” John stuttered.  “I told him you were worried after...worried about how to tell Sherlock I was a, a girl…”
“I told you we didn’t have to reserve this for little space,” he whispered, and then released his bladder, pissing forcefully into his trousers.
Now, however, Bunny glanced up to see Sherlock huff a sigh and hunch himself lower into the kitchen chair.
“You know as well as I that, as complicated as John’s relationship is to wetting, Sherlock’s is moreso” Mycroft whispered as Greg helped him lay Bunny on the couch.  “I imagine the entire subject has brought about rather convoluted and intricate emotions that he may not have been anticipating.  John is returning to explore this part of himself after many years of adulthood; Sherlock, in a sense, has never stopped exploring.”
Lastly (and if you've made it this far before skipping my rambling, you're a champ): I do think I want to write more age regression fanfiction, maybe a 'littles are known' AU, but I'm not sure I'm feeling super inspired by Sherlock at the moment.  Does anyone have other series they think would be good for age regression?  I've seen so much Avengers fanfic but I've only ever watched Dr. Strange (for obvious Cumberbatch reasons).  I used to write Harry Potter (there's a long series over on omorashi.org about Harry and Draco that I wrote years ago that I've been meaning to clean up and get posted here), so I've been debating a Harry Potter 'littles are known' AU, but does anyone still want to read Harry Potter fanfic?  Alternatively, would you guys still want to read my stuff if I decided to write something involving original characters?  Let me know your thoughts.
Soft light spilled beneath the base of the closet door, and Bunny could hear the man climb out of bed, floorboards squeaking as he walked towards his hiding place.  Sherlock’s voice was quieter when he next spoke, closer to the boy’s level, as if he were crouched down in front of the closet door.
Despite the lack of pressing cases, Lestrade found himself wrapped up in minutiae which kept him busy at the station for far longer than he’d hoped.  His thoughts continuously drifted to Mycroft.  The man had texted rather than called, and Mycroft only texted when he was unable or unwilling to chat. It seemed clear Sherlock was not the only Holmes brothers using avoidance tactics to ignore his misgivings about the events of the day.  The childhood memory was not Sherlock's trauma alone.
“He should be allowed to take all the time he needs,” he said.  “I need to be the one to wait him out.  He’ll fight it, but he needs the reassurance that I’m still here for him, that my relationship with him has not altered.”
Anxiety had shifted him into harshness, and he had had quite enough of Sherlock’s ridiculousness for the day.  He threw open his own door to stretch his legs.  He needed some air.
John had tried to be helpful at the crime scene, taking notes and posing questions.  But now that his bladder had made itself known, it continued to plague him while he worked, and his fear that he might piss himself made him irritable, prone to snapping at Sherlock and even Greg when he’d asked if he was alright.  John didn’t need Greg’s babying, and he certainly didn’t need Sherlock’s underhanded teasing regarding the coffee he’d had midday to keep himself alert.
“Half an hour longer and the television is turned off,” Mycroft said as he stood to carry the half-empty plate to the kitchen.  Sherlock had made it clear he had eaten all the breakfast he was going to accept.  “No arguments.”
He could tell Sherlock was not any better off than he was; heat was radiating from his big brother’s body from beneath the blankets, and Sherlock’s cough was rough and pitiful.  Willa the Rabbit had fallen onto the floor at some point during the night, but Bunny was too warm and miserable to reach down to get her, although he wanted her desperately.  He wanted his Daddy and his Papa to come and make things right.
“I’m sorry, Daddy,” John said, eyes watering once more.  “I’m sorry for arguing back and for throwing my fork and making a mess.”
“Would you prefer a pull-up or briefs?” Mycroft asked as he opened the top drawer of the bureau after gathering the other items of clothing.
“That’s right,” their mother said, passing their gifted sweaters into their hands as she laughed at their father’s levity.  “You wouldn’t want us to have to tell Santa that you’ve been naughty this year, would you?”
The boys scrambled out of their outermost layers, leaving trousers and sweaters behind in their haste to dress in their newly chosen attire.  Bunny remembered too late that he was wearing a pull-up, and caught Sherock looking as he stood in nothing more than a t-shirt and the embarrassing training pants.
There was a part of John that felt he should change out of the childish pajamas he had been dressed in, bunny rabbits scattered over the cotton fabric.  But if he changed out of his pajamas it would only make sense that he would also change out of the pull-up Greg had dressed him in, and for some reason that John would need Mycroft to help process, he felt compelled to keep that on.
“It’s okay, buddy,” Papa said with a smile.  “Now get downstairs before your little brother eats up all your dinosaur nuggets.”
Aligning himself to Uncle Greg had the twofold benefit of allowing Sherlock some of the comfort he was desperate for while also allowing for the possibility of a jealous Mycroft.  He stood from his chair and hurried to Uncle Greg’s side, where he pressed himself against the man, holding onto his ratty t-shirt to keep him close.  They were too close for Sherlock's comfort, but Mycroft was watching, so he cuddled closer.
“Tell me what you know,” Sherlock said once the tea had boiled and John had settled himself next to Sherlock at the table.
“All set?” Greg asked when John joined him back in the car, where he was waiting in the driver’s seat once more.
But the spanking had done little to put an end to John’s worries about Sherlock or what they had been through at Baker Street over the past few days.  Instead of allowing Bunny the opportunity to put away the worries that had led him to the bar in the first place, the spanking had stirred them all up once more.  With each stinging slap to his arse, he was reminded of the questions he still had yet to answer, reminded of his inability to fully take care of his boyfriend.
Sherlock became angrier at John’s taunt, and his voice was desperate and vicious when he next spoke.
When he stood from the bed, John had to use the dry corners of the bed sheet to wipe urine from his legs, not wanting to drip across the floorboards.  He found a pair of Sherlock’s more adult pajama pants--a thin blue cotton, and brought them to Sherlock as the man stripped out of his sopping wet clothes before using the remaining dry sections of the sheet to clean himself off.
“I need you to give me Willa and blanket,” he said, holding out his hands for the comfort items.  “You are going to write this line 150 times.  You made some poor decisions today, kid, and you need to think about that for a while so we can make sure it doesn't happen again.”
Mycroft hummed a gruff acknowledgement as he took his seat again at the table, but otherwise did not respond to Greg’s suggestion.  He was still hopeful that Sherlock would see the error of his ways and confess to his deceit on his own terms.  He would not admit it aloud, but there was something of pride in his refusal to put an end to Sherlock’s piercing guilt--he thought he’d raised Sherlock better than this, thought the boy understood the implications of dishonesty.
“Um, I wanted to say I’m sorry that...“ Sherlock glanced up towards the bathroom door at Greg, who nodded at him, encouraging him to continue.
"You boys are both too skinny," she said, pinching Greg's side.  "Eat! Put some meat on those bones."
“But there’s something more,” Mycroft said, pushing the conversation in the direction he knew it needed to go for John to truly get past his conflicted state.  “Those feelings alone wouldn’t cause you the level of guilt you’re struggling with, guilt you’ve been struggling with since the day at the zoo.”
“No time,” Mycroft said, immediately preparing for whatever situation lay ahead by shifting into no-nonsense crisis mode.  “Explain.”
We're turning to John and Greg for the next few chapters, seeing how they're coping with the holidays and visits with family.  I have the next chapter half-written already, but let me know if there's anything in particular you'd like to see!
But Sherlock was too far gone to obey.  He slammed his feet against the back of the driver’s seat and hit his fists against the car door and the seat beside him, then kicked over the bag of kid’s toys Mycroft had left on the floor between Sherlock and John’s seats.
Thanks so much for the kudos and comments--they keep me wanting to update and write!  If there's anything you'd like to see more of, let me know below!
After dinner, Uncle Greg suggested a movie to calm them down, and guided John over towards the cabinet beneath the television, telling him to choose something.  John shyly held out Beauty and the Beast, and Greg smiled widely and encouragingly because it appeared the boy was nervous about his selection.
And then John did cry.  He cried because he missed Mycroft and because it had been a hard few days and because the urine was now cold and itchy between his legs and he needed Mycroft to talk out his feelings and he wasn’t there and it wasn’t fair.
The second man--bald and overweight--had a cackling, over-the-top laugh that set John’s teeth on edge, and John glared as Anderson crossed out of the bathroom to catalog a blood sample.
“No,” Sherlock said with a sign, turning the laptop toward John to show a failed tetris board.  “Just bored.”
Mycroft could hear Bunny’s crying even before he knocked on the bedroom door.  It was clear the boy was distressed, particularly given that he’d, according to Greg, been crying since they had left the store nearly an hour ago.
“We just need to give him love right now,” Mycroft said.  “Make him know he's cared for and has us here for him.  Too often he thinks he's alone.”
Sherlock was placing a piece and then glancing around himself, skirting his fingers along the carpet.  He looked distraught as he bent to peer beneath John’s armchair, then spun on his knees to turn up the edge of the rug.  John took in the man’s actions with a bit of confusion, yet registered with a bit of a smile that Sherlock’s actions were less calculated--more childlike--than an hour before.
“Nuh-uh, I’m not a baby, either!” he said, spreading his fingers and placing his hands flat against his shirt to hide the ketchup stains.  “I’m a big boy like Sherlock.”
John smiled back at Greg when he settled back onto the couch and opened his arms for John to snuggle up against him.  He had never before cuddled with Uncle Greg, but he was glad the man was open to it.  It just wasn’t as nice to watch a movie without cuddling.
“How’s the water temperature, John-John?” he asked, and John shrugged.  He never made a decision about the water temperature.  That was Sherlock’s domain and John had no desire to infringe upon it now, it would only serve to remind him that he was alone.  He missed Sherlock and he especially missed Mycroft.
He covered his eyes with his forearm and squirmed around in place as he peed, knowing the pull-ups could not always take full wettings.  The warmth spread across his front, down between his legs, and then around to his bum before pooling in the crotch of the pull-up, saturating the padding and turning it heavy.  Sherlock pressed and squirmed and kneaded in order to gain control once more.  His bladder was nearly empty by the time he could stop himself, however, and Sherlock blinked back tears, his throat tight from the desire to cry.  Not again.
Sherlock nodded and told Bunny he would get him.  His countenance was chagrined, as if he now fully realized the role he’d played in Bunny’s distress.  Sherlock turned to start down the stairs, but before he got very far, they heard Mycroft calling.  It was clear the adults had already heard Bunny’s cries, and they were up the attic steps before Sherlock was halfway down them.
Sherlock had known for quite some time that there were some days when Bunny just wanted to be a little girl.  Now, Bunny had finally been honest and brave, and Mycroft and Uncle Greg had listened.  They were going to make him their princess.
Bunny was tired of being in the attic.  It was getting stuffy in the small space and his eyes hurt from the dust and he really should go downstairs soon to wee.
“I’ve got you, princess,” Papa said, sitting himself next to Bunny before cupping his cheek to raise his face and wipe at the silent tears.  Papa kissed his forehead before circling his arms around his shaking body.  “You’ll be alright, love.  I’m here.”
Mycroft checked the laundry room, kitchen, dining room, and downstairs guest bedroom before starting to get worried.  He wouldn’t expect Bunny to leave the house without an explanation, but it wasn’t out of the question; most of the boy’s behavior that day had been out of character.  He was about to begin searching the second floor when he came to his study.  Surely the boy wouldn’t have ventured into his office, but nevertheless he opened the door to peer inside.
Sherlock hummed as if to say they would just wait and see, and John chose to ignore the man’s self-assured smarminess.  There were points to discuss and gameplans to make, and Sherlock looked too handsome at the moment--hair still wet from the shower, eyes content after the fun of their morning, hiding none of the usual Sherlockian restlessness--to argue against.
“Add it to the list,” he said light-heartedly, just as Sherlock--apparently listening to the conversation--piped in that he would only use it if it had dinosaurs.
“Mycroft,” he called for what felt the fifth or sixth time, and luckily he saw the bedroom door opening.
John nodded, but was unable to keep from ducking his head, afraid Greg would read into the pink tinge coming to his cheeks when he thought about the fact that he’d been very close to wetting himself, and that his pants weren’t exactly dry beneath his trousers.  He shifted his coat until it covered his lap, afraid the wetness of his pants may seep onto his trousers if he weren't careful.
They sat in stillness for a moment, Bunny simply reveling in the memory of the dream and the feeling of being cuddled by her Papa.  She had woken up to a dry pull-up, which was a relief after the night before, and she felt comfortable and in control of herself and her emotions for perhaps the first time all day, happy to know she had both her Daddy and her Papa back to take care of her and Sherlock.
Greg understood Sherlock’s need for some time, knew the boy was teetering closer to a younger headspace and would likely be yanked older if he was forced to process and explain.  A conversation would be had, but it could wait, if only for an hour or two.
Bunny reached for him as he choked on sobs.  It only took Daddy a moment after he’d lifted Bunny—undies and nightshirt dripping—from the puddle on the bed to understand that he was wet.  He set Bunny in front of him once he realized.
He made his way back to the medicine cabinet in the bathroom.  He didn’t see any cold medication readily available, but Mycroft had stocked the cabinet with both adult and children’s pain medication.  Greg knew John could have benefited from an adult-strength pain reducer to help his head and his throat, but he knew Bunny would not be up for taking any pills at the moment.  He measured out the children’s medication and carried it back into Bunny’s room.
“Get some rest, kid,” Uncle Greg called as he flipped off the light and pulled the door closed.  “We’ll get through this.”
“He was on-board with the plan when you spoke to him last week,” Greg said.  “I didn’t anticipate a fight.”
Bunny shook his head; he had peed before leaving Baker Street even though Sherlock had refused on the grounds that he wasn’t a stupid baby.  It was almost disappointing because that meant he couldn’t show his Daddy and Papa what a big boy he was and he couldn’t choose a sticker for his chart, but, for the moment, he was content to simply be led back over to his Daddy, who welcomed him once more onto his lap and wrapped his arms around him.
He was a bit breathless himself, but it was nothing compared to the gasping breaths Sherlock and Bunny took as they tried to recover from his attack.
“Good boy,” Greg said, catching the shifting of the kid’s hips that may signal why that was the case.  “Do you still need the loo?” he asked, and Bunny was nodding before he’d even finished the question.
After a moment where he yanked on his pajama shirt some more, Sherlock began to speak.  He only made quick, passing eye contact with Bunny.  Mycroft had the impulse to remind Sherlock to keep eye contact, a struggle for Sherlock both big and little, but he kept quiet, not wanting to distract the boy from his apology.
Sherlock crossed his arms and glared at Mycroft.  He would not let them spank him.  He placed his hand over the buckle of the seatbelt and lodged his feet into either side of the passenger seat. If they were going to force him to move, Sherlock would ensure they would not have an easy time of it.
“Which is unfortunately inevitable,” he said, shifting to allow John to edge his way out from under the soaked bedding and off of the mattress.  “Don’t they have anything better to do with their lives than interfere in ours?”
When Sherlock, in a fit of anger, accuses John of being littler than him, the doctor should simply laugh off the comment and move on.  But Mycroft can't help but notice the way in which the man is affected by Sherlock's statement, so much so that Mycroft wonders if John isn't harboring a desire to be little himself.
But it was a poor excuse for having let his guard down, and he could feel the tendrils of self-criticism begin to claw their sharp way into his mind.
Luckily the cuts on Sherlock’s hand and wrist from when he had punched through the window had not been deep enough to need stitches, and after a quick clean-up and a few bandages, Sherlock was no longer bleeding into his shirt.  John sat back in the kitchen chair and began packing up the first aid kit they had found beneath the sink in the downstairs bathroom as Sherlock leaned back into a sullen quietude.  John could not help but smile at his boyfriend’s stubborn lack of foresight when, in trying to cross his arms in a show of stubbornness, he pressed his injured hand beneath his arm and was left swearing under his breath.  It was a relief to be next to Sherlock again, to have eyes on him and to see him in his sights.
Wow, it's been a year and a half since I've updated, and for that I'm really sorry!  So much has changed for me and life definitely looks very different from when I was last writing, but I hope you're all doing well and staying safe.
John blinked hard in an attempt to come back into himself.  He allowed Greg to help him sit up, then glanced towards the window.
"Do you remember when we were kids and you went to science camp for the summer and, when you came back, you had a pen pal from Australia?" Sherlock asked.  "Some science nerd you'd grown attached to during the weeks you were pretending to be enthused by examining astrological patterns?"
Mycroft sat on the porch swing, reaching behind to adjust a pillow against his lower back.  He placed the sippy cup on the wooden table beside them, pressed the pirate pacifier gently against Sherlock’s lips until the boy accepted it into his mouth, placed Dimitri in Sherlock’s lap, and lay Bunny’s blanket over Sherlock’s bare legs.  He then shifted Sherlock’s legs until he was sideways on Mycroft’s lap, his head resting on Mycroft’s shoulder.  Sherlock pulled the plush dinosaur under an arm and cuddled into his brother.  His hands grabbed at Mycroft’s t-shirt, and Mycroft leaned to kiss his brother’s temple.
Bunny nuzzled his cheek against Sherlock’s thigh and let his eyes slip closed as he twirled the long ear of his stuffed rabbit, comforted by the thought that, right at that moment, his Daddy was making his way towards them.
“Let’s not talk about John, then,” his brother said with a shrug, as self-assured as always.  “Tell me about you.”
Thanks once again to Pantera72 for reminding me to keep Sherlock and John's relationship in mind throughout these events and to all of you who consistently comment with what you like and what ideas you have (MorbidMotive15, TheGriefPolice, Yvoxy, whispered, Sandrina, and dandelionlad come to mind but I know there are others of you that I'm forgetting!)  A lot of you mentioned angsty Sherlock throwing temper tantrums and acting out, which will definitely be showing up in the next few chapters.
Mycroft sat at the kitchen table with the bottle of sunscreen in hand and waited for Sherlock to come near.  The day had warmed significantly from that morning, which had earlier all the signs of a cool, cloudy day.  Now, there was sun shining through the windows, and although it was not exceedingly strong, Mycroft was cautious, had warned Greg that Sherlock sunburned easily when Greg suggested the boys spend the day in the lake.  Sherlock sighed dramatically.
“Not a bit,” Mycroft said, refilling their glasses.  “If anything I felt disappointed in myself for not ensuring that Greg take you both to the bathroom periodically throughout the day.  I should have known you would be overwhelmed.  It was your first extended trip out in public while in headspace without me.”
“I know you don’t always feel understood by your family,” Greg explained, “but that’s not abnormal.  Why do you think family arguments around the dinner table are such common occurrences?”
But the picture-perfect memories of Sherlock’s childhood under Mycroft’s watch, the memories Sherlock knew he was reliving each time he sunk down into headspace, had been tainted and altered by the events of the night.  Sherlock had often felt alone in his lifetime, so the feeling was not new, but, until that moment, he had always had Mycroft.  Even when they were arguing, in fights that lasted weeks or months, Sherlock knew his brother was there, just a phone call away.  He had Mycroft.
Bunny glanced up with interest, so Greg continued on, explaining to John how he asked for a firefighter’s outfit one year for Christmas, then detailing the games he would play in the backyard with his big brothers, saving cats from trees and playing with the garden hose to put out pretend fires.
“They’ve planned something,” Mycroft said, voice low to keep Sherlock, around the corner in the kitchen, from overhearing.  “John’s pretending to be young.”
Mycroft had very much wanted to forbid John from leaving, had wanted to explain that the man was far too fragile at the moment to process his own emotions, let alone the emotions inherent within a visit to a crime scene.  But he knew he needed to allow John to make his own decisions when he was in an adult headspace, no matter how shaky that headspace may be.  It was a tenant of John and Sherlock’s trust in them, that they would be allowed their own decisions while adult, and Mycroft and Greg had always been careful to respect both John and Sherlock as adults when they professed to be so.  No matter how close to headspace John may be, he was currently in an adult mindset, and thus he had to be allowed to make his own decisions.  Mycroft just hoped Greg would be nearby later, when John would inevitably need a bit of looking after.
“You, again?” Greg asked, feigning surprise.  “Wow, Bun.  I guess I lucked out when I chose you to come to the store with me, didn’t I?”
He could not help but grin at what he found when he pushed the door open.  Sherlock was asleep in Greg’s arms and John was asleep behind Sherlock, their Bunny’s face pressed against the nape of their little pirate’s neck.  Greg had drifted off as well.  Now that he knew the boys were alright for the moment, he was clearly more content than he had been all day.  Mycroft draped the baby blanket over Bunny, then propped Willa the rabbit on the pillow beside him.  He settled the quilt over the three men and wished them all a whispered ‘goodnight’ as he left them to rest and pulled the door shut behind him.
Sherlock turned his face against the mattress while he came into the sopping pull-up with a shout.  John rubbed him through it, drawing mewling moans from the extended stimulation.  Sherlock at last collapsed against John, breathing heavy.
Sherlock lifted his arm off of his eyes and turned from his back onto his side, getting his first glimpse of the man beside him.  John’s eyes were half-lidded, the man allowing himself to languidly bask in the pleasure of sharing a bed with his boyfriend, who currently had his hand cupped around his genitals.
The diaper Sherlock had been changed into before being put to bed had been discarded, wet, on the bedroom floor, and Sherlock had dressed himself in his pirate shirt and a pair of jeans.  His stuffed dinosaur had fallen from the bed, but Sherlock had not picked it up off the floor.  His eyes were older than they had been the night before, less inviting.  Sherlock was no longer his younger brother; he’d shifted up in age to being his sometimes-harsh older brother.  And, if his set, judgmental stare was anything to go by, Sherlock was even older today than his baseline five-years-old, perhaps making up for how young he had slipped the previous day.
Bunny could not stand to cry in front of his Daddy or to cause more trouble.  He pushed himself away from the table and ran from the room, ignoring his Daddy and Uncle Greg, both of whom called to him as he raced up the stairs and into his bedroom, where he stepped out of his sweatpants, pulled off the pink pull-up, and climbed under the blankets.
“After breakfast, kid,” Papa said, and Sherlock, frustrated, pushed himself away from the table until his chair was leaning backwards, then released so that it fell back into place with a thump against the tile floor.
“Just need to clear my head of the noise for a moment,” he explained.  “I’ll be back before your Uncle finishes his next embarrassing story of your dad when they were kids.”
Bunny could hardly focus on his chicken nuggets.  He pulled the waistband of his sweatpants away from his body to check on his pretty, pink pull-up for the sixth or seventh time since his lunch had been placed in front of him, and he could not help but smile.  Sherlock was too little at the moment to pay him much mind, so he was not worried about being teased.   He just wanted to look at it forever.
Bunny shook his head.  If Daddy saw him crying, he’d make him explain what was wrong, and he couldn’t tell him.  Not yet.
It was clear Sherlock was still grouchy and sore from being put down to nap, but Bunny wanted his big brother.
By the time the boys had been slathered in far more sunscreen than was necessary, Sherlock was on the verge of a tantrum and Bunny on the verge of tears from the worry that Sherlock would misbehave and be sent to timeout.  But as soon as Greg and Mycroft released them to the backyard, both boys racing each other to the waterfront, the mood was lifted.  Sherlock seemed to forget that he had been very close to losing his opportunity to swim, and Bunny found instant contentment when Sherlock took his hand as they raced down the hill towards the water.
At the moment, as they pulled up to Mycroft's flat and Papa began to come around the car to pull open his door, kiss his forehead, and wipe his tears, nothing else mattered.
“Sorry, buddy,” Greg said, and Sherlock could see him shaking his head.  “You heard the rules before we left: no technology this weekend unless it’s supervised and on my or your brother’s timeline.”
John shook his head and pointed to Sherlock, signalling that he wanted him to do it.  They turned again to look inside the bedroom, and this time Bunny could see his Daddy sleeping in Uncle Greg’s arms.  Both boys knew they were allowed to wake up either man with any problem large or small, but they were sleeping so soundly; it seemed a shame to disturb them.
He began the level over again, determined that hold off a trip to the loo until he’d beaten the jungle level and moved onto the cave.  He was proving something to himself.  Proving he was big enough to hold it through the level, big enough to set his own bathroom schedule.  Proving he didn’t have to obey a silly chart which told him when to go.
Papa and Daddy praised the beauty of Bunny’s perfectly colored picture of a pink ship on a purple ocean, then Papa ruffled Sherlock’s hair as he leaned over Sherlock’s page.
Greg wished he had some sort of comfort item to provide for the boy beyond the pacifier he’d tossed into the glove compartment early on in his days of caring for the boys.  At the time, he’d had to shrug off Mycroft’s loving teasing about him being far too committed to his role as Papa, but the foresight had clearly paid off.  Little John would not be completely content until they were home with his plush rabbit and his blanket and his Daddy, but, for now, Greg would take what they could get from a little bit of red plastic.
It was no secret that Mycroft had been feeling a fierce protectiveness over John since he’d been slipping down into his little Bunny headspace, a protectiveness spurred by the phone call he had received the night Greg had babysat John and built up by the conversation he had had with John the following morning.  His feelings for little John were of a different color than his feelings of brotherly love and of confident responsibility while caring for Sherlock.  John’s little space seemed to reveal a vulnerability within the doctor of the type Mycroft had not seen before, and he was endeared by the fact that John had begun calling him Daddy when they were alone.  John was just as fragile as Sherlock, but John had never had a protector in the way Sherlock always had in Mycroft; he needed care and looking after, but, more than anything, he needed healing.
As he stepped out of Mycroft’s hold, John’s eyes wandered to the butterfly pull-up on the bedroom floor.
“Stop kicking, Sherlock,” Greg called over his shoulder from the driver’s seat.  They had been driving for only an hour and a half, but already Sherlock was restless, kicking at the seat in front of him.  He felt stifled by the seat belt strapping him down--he’d taken it off twice and Mycroft had threatened to pull the car over and spank him if he did so once more--and cramped by the lack of legroom in the hatchback Greg had rented for the weekend.
Mycroft pushed Greg against the mattress and, after stripping him of his t-shirt, straddled him and found his gasping mouth once more.
“Rest your eyes, princess,” Greg said after kicking snow from his shoes and climbing into the driver’s seat in front of him.
When Daddy did come to check on him, Bunny started to cry, and even though Daddy had done his best to get him ushered into the hallway loo as discreetly as possible, Sherlock had seen and, pausing in his strop to glance towards Bunny, had teased.
Bunny looked up at Greg with concern, but Greg nodded with a slight smile, doing his best to reassure the boy that all was okay.
Urine spilled into the pull-up full force, warm and gushing against Bunny’s skin.  He could not help but break down in sobs as he felt the Goodnight begin to expand between his legs, filling up with his pee.  He glanced down and spread his hands across the front of his crotch, but it must have been clear to Sherlock that he was losing it.
“Once upon a time,” he began, already forming some half-brained idea about a reindeer flying a boy to a winter wonderland.
“I'm not a child, Greg,” Sherlock mumbled, shifting himself back into adulthood, but Mycroft could see his brother’s resolve was slipping.
Greg’s brother and his wife had split six months previous; Greg knew the man was consciously attempting to keep Greg from making the same mistakes he had.  He would not be pleased were Greg keeping something from Mycroft, something with the potential to drive a wedge between them.
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock said with the breath of a laugh, releasing John from his stuttering embarrassment.  “Mycroft and Lestrade think we could all do with a little bit of good old-fashioned ageplay, no bells or whistles or unearthed childhood traumas.  I suppose you can’t get any more fundamental than toilet training.”
The chapters of this story are, as I said earlier, primarily already written, but I am doing some brief edits while I go.  So, if you have anything you'd like to see while Lestrade babysits the little Bunny, let me know!  This chapter features a new development to the John/Mycroft dynamic that I'm anticipating might have a polarizing effect--I'm interested to hear your thoughts.
“No!” he shouted, voice loud and screeching, trying to reach for the remote in Daddy’s hand.  “Dinos now! Now!”
It was a gray day, cloudy and cold even for London in December, and Sherlock pulled his coat tight around him as he hugged his knees.  Mycroft blasted the heat, knowing his brother would become moodier if he were uncomfortable and hoping the man might settle into sleep once the shock of being pulled from a warm bed and out into a cold car had been driven from his bones.
Papa made breakfast while Bunny tried not to fall asleep at the kitchen table.  He had not gotten much sleep the night before, and the medicine his Papa had given him made his mind fuzzy and his eyelids heavy.
“Are you sure?” he asked.  Mycroft could already sense a sweetness to the man, an innocence he usually guarded against.
They glanced to the doorway to find Sherlock standing in his undersized pajamas, clutching Dimitri the dinosaur beneath one arm and knuckling at his eyes.
But, as he thought through the day’s events, John was not entirely against the idea of losing autonomy more often.  It was a feeling he had experienced on rare occasions while in headspace, most notably during his trip to the zoo with Uncle Greg, and the after-effects of such a complete lack of control had never been entirely negative.  John’s emotional breakdowns prompted by such complete helplessness were freeing; when he came back into himself he often felt nothing but a quiet yet electric contentment.
Sherlock nodded, but Mycroft turned to John.  He did not trust Sherlock when it came to meals and food consumption; the boy was known to lie about having eaten.
"See you soon," Greg called quietly from the base of the stairs.  Then, with a smirk and a wink: "Good luck."
“Bun, are you feeling like a boy right now because you think Sherlock would feel sad if you were a girl?”
“Then you’re a girl today, honey,” Mycroft said with a shrug, reaching to wrap his hand behind Bunny's neck and to run the pad of his thumb down his little Bunny’s cheek.
“It'll be alright, Myc,” he said, eyes flicking to Sherlock’s closed door.  “He just need to know you’re there for him.”
“Should we change the baby into something more comfortable?” Greg whispered, but Mycroft shook his head.
Mycroft stripped him of the nightshirt when he complied, tossing the soiled garment into the laundry hamper before turning back to John, who could not keep from shifting where he stood as he waited for Mycroft's next instructions.  He was very conscious of that fact that he was naked except for the wet cartoon briefs clinging to his hips.
Mycroft cleared his throat and leaned towards Sherlock.  The best case scenario would have been that a false memory would have come to light, some asinine remembrance about the rather unfortunate nanny who had tormented Sherlock with her refusal to leave him be.  But he’d known it was a false hope; his brother was too perceptive to not have ascertained something at least tangentially tied to Eurus.
The fact that Greg had a spare pacifier in the glove compartment that he offered to John as soon as they had turned onto the main road should have soothed him, but instead it set him off into hitching sobs, the dwindling prospect of being found out releasing him from any hold he had on his adult headspace.
Greg pulled Mycroft close, a hand behind the man’s ear as he pressed his lips against Mycroft’s.  He fumbled to unbutton the man’s shirt as they made their way to the bed, and was suddenly conscious of just how eagerly he’d been waiting for this moment, conscious of how much his teasing throughout the day had been poorly disguised flirting.
“Eat up,” Greg said with a wink and a squeeze to his shoulder as he set a glass of bourbon before Mycroft and took his seat at the table across from him.  He began eating from his own plate of food.  “It’s too bad he’ll be aging up soon.  I was going to stop by tomorrow for some antics before I head into the station.”
“Sorry,” Greg said after clicking his tongue, voice light-hearted but firm.  “This expressway only goes in one direction, I’m afraid.  No turning back now.”
Sherlock nodded and shrugged, then turned to stare out the window.  It was becoming increasingly clear that he would not be able to get out of a spanking without another tantrum, and at the moment Sherlock felt too exhausted and too upset that he had already worried the Bunny to continue putting up much of a fight.
“He’s alright, now,” Greg nodded, glancing back into the guest bedroom through the small sliver of the opened doorway.  “Just a bit shaken up.”
“There we go,” Mycroft said as he sat Sherlock onto the end of the bed in the green and blue bedroom.  He kept from mentioning that Sherlock should have woken him up earlier, not wanting to encourage the boy in thinking he had acted incorrectly.  “You’re okay, now.”
Surprisingly, he received a text back from Greg a moment later.  Mycroft smiled to himself as he opened the picture Greg had sent: Bunny cuddled with his head in Greg’s lap, sucking on a pacifier, face half-hidden by his baby blanket.
“Alright there, princess?” Papa asked, tilting his head and catching John’s eye in the rear view mirror.
It was as he stood in the middle of the room weighing the pros and cons of hiding his wet things behind the bureau or the telly cabinet or beneath the bed that he was startled by a knock on the door.
Greg had done a quick-clean up of Bunny before situating him in bed, cleaning the urine from his skin with baby wipes before hastily putting him to bed in his undershirt and a fresh pull-up.  Luckily, the exhausted man had slept through most of the clean-up job, so Greg had been able to get to Sherlock without a delay.
Mycroft began to eat at Greg’s insistence that his food was getting cold, but, while they ate, he explained to Greg the way in which Sherlock, in what appeared to be a moment of his adult mindset encroaching upon his youthfulness that day, had suggested that John may be little himself.
Sherlock was uncharacteristically quiet and clingy, his behavior more akin to Bunny on his neediest days than any expected version of Little Sherlock.  The shift in behavior worried Greg.  Sherlock was so often independent that nerves settled in when he became less self-sufficient.  The boy hadn’t resorted to self-harm in quite some time, and the fact that they’d come barrelling back to the darkest blues of Sherlock’s countenance was a sobering reminder that there was no expiration date on depression.  Sherlock’s was a constant possibility, unpredictable and harsh.
P.S. Remember when I said this story wasn't going to be angsty? ;p I didn't even make it two chapters without little Sherlock pulling us into angst!  Hopefully you all don't mind <3
John was torn between admitting he was confused about calling Mycroft “Daddy” and admitting he felt as if he wanted to wet himself all the time.  But, if he were honest with himself, he was more embarrassed than confused about wanting Mycroft to be a father figure to him while he was in headspace.  Their relationship had been quickly developing in such a way since John had begun slipping down in age.  He was not confused about why his younger self considered Mycroft his Daddy.   The man cared for him and made him feel safer than perhaps any human being other than his own parents ever had.  He accepted and comforted and was there for John when no one else was.
But Sherlock hadn’t been very good about sticking to the rules of potty training, and more often than not his rows were filled with x’s instead of checks.  The early promise he’d shown seemed to have dissipated by the time he got to his second go-round.  Although he tried his best to please Mycroft, eager to make him proud and to prove he was a good teacher, more often than not he achieved only disastrous results.  What made Sherlock think this time would be any different?
“What’s funny, Uncle Greg?” Bunny asked, and Greg realized he had been smirking as he remembered his boyfriend’s teasing and sloppy drunkenness the night before.
“We wouldn't want any more accidents,” he said, and felt a stab of smug pleasure when John blushed brightly and cleared his throat.
"You won't understand, John," Sherlock said, face dark, pained.  "Just call Mycroft.  I won't last much longer.  I feel so...I need Mycroft."
“Do you want to choose your jammies, Bun, or want me to do it?” Mycroft asked, holding Bunny’s old favorite pair of lion pajamas in one hand and the new nightgown he’d bought for the boy in the other.
Greg sighed and patted Sherlock’s head.  The man had turned away from him, and had pulled the blankets up over his eyes.
“You can’t fault yourself for your decision to keep him from pain,” Mycroft said.  “You were protecting him.”
He suddenly had the urge to dig through his suitcase to find his plush rabbit stuffed at the bottom of his suitcase.  Willa was pressed deep down beneath his clothes, because, okay, maybe Sherlock hadn’t been the only one feeling less than adult when they’d packed the night before.  John had been trying to hide it, but it had only been the imagined instructions of Greg and Mycroft--
He could picture the doctor: still half-asleep and quite likely cocooned beneath the tousled blankets, face drawn and lined from sleep.  He had half a mind to climb the steps and check on him, worried the man was not prepared for his trip back home.  But he couldn’t coddle if he expected them to remain adult, and he had to get Sherlock out of the house while the man was still half-agreeable.
“You're a very smart boy, kid,” Greg said, glancing towards a surprised Mycroft and a now bashful little Bunny. Mycroft could see that Greg knew he needed to give Mycroft some semblance of privacy with Bunny, even if there was no way he could leave them alone at the table.  “But even smart boys have to eat their salad if they want popcorn and dessert during movie night,” Greg said.
Warmth filled the pull-up and then, when it was bulged and full, spilled out through the leg holes and into his pajama pants, trickling beneath him, spreading out onto the rug where he lay.  John relaxed completely, peeing freely until he lay in a puddle and even the bottom of his bunny t-shirt was wet with urine.
“Let’s try the loo now that lunch is over, Bun,” he said, meeting Bunny at the sink, where he left the plates.  He gestured for Bunny to take his hand, then began to lead the boy out of the kitchen and towards the hallway.  “We want to make sure we stay dry, right?”
“See you in a few minutes, kid,” Greg said quietly to Sherlock with a wink.  Sherlock sighed, knowing Greg was only trying to help but hating the way he felt so patronized and belittled.  He wasn’t little.  Well, he wasn’t fully little.
“Hey, lady bug,” he whispered, crouched down to peer beneath the bed towards Bunny.  “What are you doing down there?”
Mycroft smirked once more, attempting to hold back laughter as he paced back and forth with Bunny in the hallway.  The boys were both so predictable at times, theatrical in their own individual ways.
“Bunny was better at coloring and Papa and Bunny laughed at my colors and Daddy and Papa were giving Bunny all the attention and then Bunny got to choose the game and I wanted to,” the boy said in a litany of complaints, his mouth turning down at the corners as he remembered the string of events which had upset him.
Bunny trailed with the fuzzy throw still wrapped around his shoulders, and Mycroft helped him climb onto a chair beside Sherlock.
Greg smiled at the boy and reached to cup his cheek.  He was proud of the strides John had made in expressing his desires and needs while in headspace.  Mycroft had not discussed with him John’s desire to potty train, perhaps just not having time given the fast-paced nature of their daily lives since returning from their lake house getaway and the drama over Redbeard, but he knew it was something they could easily accommodate.  He was certainly willing to do whatever it would take to keep the excited sparkle he could currently identify in his kid’s eye.
I'm going to call this the last chapter of Little John and Uncle Greg so I'm not left with the same problems going forward and will be forced to updated Weekend and then just move forward from there.  If you catch any other issues with Weekend that no longer fit/make sense now that Chapter 4 of this story is up, PLEASE don't hesitate to let me know--I think I caught everything in the second edit, but I'm sure there are a few things that I missed!
Papa seemed a bit taken aback by Sherlock’s sudden snarky attitude, and his gaze turned once more to Mycroft, who quirked an eyebrow and then, looking suddenly no-nonsense, opened his mouth to speak.
Mycroft raised his chin and peered down at him as if they were strangers.  He was withdrawn and short in a way he had not behaved towards Greg since their earliest interactions.  Sherlock would always come first; Greg had long since learned that.  But Mycroft truly seemed to believe that allowing himself to acknowledge any sentiment surrounding his relationship with Greg in times of crisis would cloud his instinctive judgment, and that, to Greg, was disappointing.
The tense anxiety John had been holding in his shoulders seemed to fall away, and he leaned into Mycroft for a hug before sitting up and looking nervous again.
“Sherlock, can we play something else?” Bunny asked after what had felt like hours of playing at pirates.  The shirt Sherlock had told him to wear was itchy, and he was tired of pirating.  The game made his head hurt; there were too many rules he was expected him to remember, and Sherlock kept criticizing him for making mistakes.
“Okay," Mycroft said, voice light, obviously humoring Sherlock as it seemed to be entertaining both him and Uncle Greg.  "Who should Uncle Greg be if not Uncle Greg?”
He found the baby blanket on the floor beside the head of Bunny’s bed, thankfully dry and free of any spilled medication.  Bunny took it into his arms with a smile when Greg returned it to him and kissed him on the forehead.
It was clear Bunny was scared Sherlock would leave him, that Sherlock tearing up his paper dolls had frightened Bunny into thinking Sherlock didn’t like him and did not want to spend time with him.  The boy may currently be overcompensating for the distance he had felt earlier that day by gluing himself to his brother now that they had reconciled, but Greg could not help but wonder whether Sherlock’s actions would be viewed in a different light by John once he had aged up.  It was not out of the realm of possibility that the boys would have some troubles in their relationship given all that had come to light over the course of the weekend.  He anticipated they would both feel varying levels of confusion, anger, and vulnerability when they were forced to deal with the events fully out of headspace; Greg just hoped they would both be honest.
--growing more comfortable with the idea that his little side was simply a part of everyday life.  Hell, the man had taken the time to pack pull-ups and pacifiers even while knowing he would be going to his sister’s house to meet her new girlfriend.  It was all Greg could do not to smother the boy in kisses and call Mycroft immediately to inform him.
Thank you all for your kind words on the last chapter, lovelies!  It's been a tough few days for me, but I'm hoping I'm out of the woods and that things will start to look up soon.  If you're in a similar state, know I'm sending you love and encouragement--we got this :)
It was a tight squeeze to fit both boys in the tub, and often Sherlock kicked out at John when he felt he was crowding his space, but history had proven it was impossible to keep Sherlock entertained and happy while Mycroft bathed John alone, so the only solution was to bathe them together.  Baths when Sherlock and John were little were more about calming and comforting than they were about cleanliness, so it had never been a problem that they were not always exactly effective.
“Be right there, Sherlock,” Mycroft called over his shoulder through the doorway joining the two bedrooms as he pulled the blankets up to Bunny’s chin.
Mycroft held out his hand and Sherlock latched on with both of his own.  John watched the Holmes brothers leave the room, Sherlock clutching at Mycroft's coat when he was led into the bathroom, as if he were a young child.  It became clear to John that this was not a new arrangement between the brothers.  This was reminiscent of their childhood, and perhaps even later on in their lives.  He heard the bath water being drawn.
“You don’t want me to be a princess,” he mumbled, wiping away tears as he continued to cry.  He hugged his new plush rabbit, tucked beneath his chin.
When Greg nodded, Mycroft turned away and noticed the little Bunny entering the kitchen.  He was rubbing his eyes--still tired, then.  Mycroft and Greg had decided to skip an afternoon nap for the boys given that they had slept in the car, but now Mycroft was second guessing that decision in regards to his sleepy little bunny.
He wrapped his arms around the boy and pulled him close, heart full.  His big brother was right: they had found their own little family, unconventional but pure.  It was a comfort to know it was only a matter of hours before Greg would have them all in his sights again, Christmas biscuits baking and fireplace roaring as he watched Sherlock categorize the proportionality of gifts wrapped in red paper versus green and helped Bunny into his new reindeer jumper before shushing the half-serious complaints of spoiling from Mycroft, who would be sitting with his shirt-sleeves rolled past his elbows and bourbon glass in hand, teasingly close to the mistletoe.
He hurried down a hallway covered in old paintings--Willa the rabbit and his bunny baby blanket clutched in his hand--and pulled open a door to find himself in what must have been Daddy’s office.  The room was large and ominous, with dark wood paneling on the walls and old schematics of airplanes hung on the walls behind shelves covered in antique globes.  An entire wall was covered in bookshelves filled with leather-bound books, many in what looked to be different languages.
“Were you trying to trick me, little monkeys?” he asked, and then his fingers were running up and down their ribs and over their bellies, and they were both shrieking and laughing as he tickled.
“Wearing a purple pull-up doesn’t make you a girl,” Mycroft said.  “You need sleep and you’re lucky I’m not putting you in the corner for peeing your pants when you know better.  Now, come here.”
“Mycroft will always be my older brother,” Sherlock said.  “That’s not something only reserved for headspace; our roles were set long ago.  A slight change in your dynamic with Mycroft is not going to derail an entire lifetime of our dysfunctional sibling relationship.”
Greg clearly did not believe John when he denied needing the loo, and John could understand why, particularly when, after another moment, John stuck a hand between his legs and held himself.  There was a baseball-sized wet patch on his pajama pants which John was trying to hide by lifting his knees up towards his chest on the couch.
“Is it safe in the attic?” Mycroft asked, glancing skeptically across the table while the boys ate broccoli and macaroni and cheese.
Bunny thought for sure Mycroft would be able to feel the heat from his embarrassed cheeks as he nodded again.
“Oh, little one,” Greg sighed.  He lifted Sherlock into his lap.  Sherlock tried to squirm away, half-heartedly protesting because his clothes were practically dripping with pee, but Greg held him close and told him he didn't mind one bit.
It did not escape John’s mind that these instances of found helplessness more often than not included him wetting his pants.  He knew this was part of the appeal of wetting himself, that the lack of control he experienced whenever he had an accident was somehow freeing.
“Need Willa, Daddy,” Bunny said through a yawn as Mycroft steered the boy towards Sherlock’s bedroom.  The kid was rarely without his plush rabbit while young.  Mycroft was surprised it had been this long since he’d asked for her.
“Bunny’s not entirely okay, no,” he said, continuing to practice transparency.  “She will be, but I think she has some questions that she needs answered before she can feel safe again.”
“Juice,” he said as John placed a child-sized spoon beside his bowl and told him to blow on the soup so as not to burn his tongue.
“Let’s start with this: Are there any of Sherlock’s rules that you dislike, that wouldn’t work for you?”
“Tummy ache,” Sherlock said with a shrug, because it was the closest thing to the truth that he could find the words for at the moment.
“He cut himself, Mycroft,” Greg said, meeting his eyes to convey the seriousness of the situation.  “I found him huddled on the floor with a piece of glass.”
“It’s not, ah…,” John cleared his throat and ran a hand over the back of his neck, tilting his splotchy cheeks away from his grinning boyfriend.  “I don’t…”
“Sherlock,” he said, stepping behind the boy and placing a hand on his shoulder.  “Let’s go use the loo, lad.”
But it appeared Bunny did know, for he lifted his head from Uncle Greg’s shoulder and pulled out the pacifier he’d finally been allowed to have after a full day of trying to heal the sore on his tongue.
“That’s right, baby,” Mycroft said, nodding.  He reached out and held Bunny’s wrist gently, stopping him from fiddling with the toys.  “But you’re not that mean girl, are you?”
He shimmied back out from under the bed and glanced around frantically to look for something he could use to cover the wet spot on the carpet, the edges of which were drying into a very telling yellowness that made Sherlock’s stomach sink.  There was no way Papa wouldn’t know what had happened.  But his eye caught on the earlier-abandoned juice box, and in a moment he’d opened the straw and pierced through the opening.
John was frustrated by Mycroft’s prompting.  Whether from lack of sleep or from emotional struggle, John glared up at Mycroft in a warning.  He was not young, he wasn’t pliable or impressionable, and whatever it was Mycroft was hoping to get him to admit to--that he was afraid Mycroft couldn’t be his Daddy anymore? That he worried he’d changed things between himself and Sherlock, or Mycroft and Sherlock, forever? That he’d needed his Daddy more than anything all day and hadn’t been able to ask for him?-- wasn’t going to be spoken aloud no matter how much Mycroft prompted.
Mycroft told him he was a good boy.  “We don’t throw things, because we might hurt someone,” he explained.  “There are better ways to deal with our feelings than to act out.”
Mycroft sighed and, leaning back in his chair, ran a hand down his face.  Greg stepped into the office and approached Mycroft.  He ran a hand over the man’s shoulder, then leaned down to kiss him deeply.
“Try not to overthink.  You love that boy more than anything in the world, Myc; anyone could see that.”
“John, we have to go,” Greg called as he grabbed his mobile from the bureau and stepped into the hallway.
“Eldest child,” Mycroft reminded Sherlock.  “Statistically, parents most favor discipline and structure over indulgence in direct correlation to the birth order of their children.”
“Tired, Mycroft” he said, snuggling close and placing his thumb into his mouth.  “Can we go see Bunny and Papa?”
The boys have certainly had a lot of conflict over the course of a short amount of time, but that's not surprising given that this was the first extended time the four of them have spent ageplaying.  I'm looking forward to letting them have a cute and relaxing last night at the lake house before they pack up and head back to Baker Street.
Sherlock’s wellies squelched in the wet earth as he followed around the curve of the lake looking for frogs.  He would find his own frog, a real frog that would be bigger and would croak louder than the stupid toad Bunny had found.  But before he had taken more than three steps, Mycroft called out, and it seemed the boys’ playtime outside was about to be cut short.
Thank you all so, so much for your wonderful support in the comments after the last chapter.  My heart was so warmed by your kindness and well-wishes, and I truly am so grateful for all of you.  I'm feeling better now than I was at the beginning of this week, so thank you for helping me through a rough few days.  Currently I'm doing well but am in desperate need of sleep, so I'm going to post and get some rest.  I promise to respond to every comment in turn once I'm finished with work tomorrow!
Sherlock shrugged and began listing the way in which that morning’s weather had held all the appropriate conditions for a storm.  He gave facts and statistics regarding the potentiality of storms in summer months and explained that lightning led to thunder, which was really nothing more than air expansion.
“I’m supposed to be a big boy,” Bunny said, looking pitifully sad but, Mycroft was relieved to see, at least still making eye contact.
It was a relief to know they would soon find themselves surrounded by others; the bustle of canvassing a crime scene would help to distract him, or, at the very least, distract Greg.  He needed to escape Greg’s presence, needed to separate himself before he cried and told him he was sad and asked to be held, before he slipped into Bunny and started asking why some Daddies were bad.
Sherlock slammed the guest bedroom door at the far end of the hall with a huff.  Tossing the granola bar and juice box to the floor, he dropped to his knees and yanked the gaming console out from where it was stored in the cabinet beneath the telly.
“Do you remember when we were kids?” he asked, taking a seat on the far end of the couch from Sherlock.  “And you were eight or nine, maybe, and had been invited to a sleepover for some classmate’s birthday?”
“That’s right,” Mycroft said.  “Everyone has voices like that.  And if we listen to the voices and act the way they tell us to, we usually end up feeling sad and frustrated.  Eventually we stop feeling like ourselves altogether.”
He stood and let Bunny cry, and, as Bunny wailed, he realized his tears were eventually driven not by sadness, but by relief.  He had been waiting for so long to dress like a princess and to tell his Daddy that he wanted to have accidents and be potty trained, maybe even longer than even Bunny had realized.  And now his Daddy knew his secrets, and it was all going to be okay.
Sherlock was tearful as he finished the apology, rubbing at his eyes as he waited for Bunny to say something.  Bunny stared at him, then took his pacifier out of his mouth and held it out towards Sherlock.
He was worried about leaving.  Mycroft hadn’t said much when he’d called earlier, had been brusque and to the point, providing only the essential facts regarding Bunny expressing a desire to be female before mentioning the potential for grave consequences should the situation not be introduced delicately to Sherlock.  But behind the telling, beneath what anyone besides those who were close to Mycroft would have read as an emotionless recounting of details, was a nervous, building dread.  It had taken Greg more than eight months of dating Mycroft to identify the range of emotions behind each of Mycroft’s no-nonsense speech patterns, but he had become rather adept, and this particular breed of worry was one he had only ever heard on the most serious of occasions, and only ever in regards to Sherlock's welfare.
And after a morning of darkness and uncertainty, Sherlock spent the afternoon on his hands and knees in the multi-roomed blanket fort Mycroft had built on the backs of couches and kitchen chairs.  He sat in Uncle Greg’s lap and listened to his new book being read aloud, played dinosaurs with Mycroft and then paper dolls with Bunny, and had even managed to get away from Mycroft during a diaper change, and he’d laughed and laughed, naked from the waist down, as his brother was forced to chase him through the house.  It had only been moments before Mycroft had realized his best course of action was to stay still and wait for Sherlock to tire of the game, but Sherlock was pleased he’d managed to get his brother to chase him at all, and that he’d gotten him to laugh in the process.
Bunny was looking up at him with hope for the first time all day, and Mycroft could not help but smile at the man’s innocence in headspace.
Mycroft knew he should have checked up on the boys earlier.  There had been far too much mischief for one day already; if Greg hadn’t distracted him with an impromptu kiss on the lips over the jigsaw puzzle which had quickly moved them onto the couch, hands roving, he would have realized that it only stood to reason that the drama would continue into the afternoon.
He sighed, dropping his phone into the cup holder of the center console and feeling younger than ever.
Sherlock whined in the back of his throat and kicked out his legs, flattening himself onto the mattress once more.  This time, however, there was more pure frustration than manipulation in the act, a sure sign that the child Sherlock was emerging once more.
“You were so excited about the pull-ups,” Mycroft said, and John could not help but flush, suddenly aware of the presence of the pink pull-up he’d discarded on the floor when he’d first come upstairs for nap time.  “I’m sorry I did not respond well to that excitement.”
Papa and Daddy shared a look as Daddy placed Bunny in his seat next to Sherlock and pushed his chair closer to the table.  Papa had made blueberry pancakes, and he kissed Bunny on the side of the head as he put a Lion King plate of them down in front of him.
I may go back and add some transitional exposition throughout this chapter--there are a few moments that seem to me to shift too quickly from one emotion to the other, but I figured you'd all rather have something that needs a bit more work than nothing at all.  Just know that I'll re-read this chapter again in the next few days and will likely edit a bit.
Loves!  It's been so, so long since I've updated!  I am so sorry to have kept you all waiting for so long!  Things have been insane over the past month--training for a new job, getting ready to move to a new location, and a final semester of grad school to finish up.  I haven't been able to write as much as I would like, although I've been thinking up ideas for this story and for A Little Training, and your comments have definitely kept me thinking about this series and all of you lovely humans.
A pause while Mycroft spoke, and then John turned away from Sherlock, speaking quietly as if to keep the other man from hearing.
“He can safeword out if he needs to.  At this point, they need to trust that we know what’s best for them.  I won’t allow them to behave like miscreants, especially not while in public, where there are safety concerns involved.”
Thank you for your comments and kudos, as always--you're all truly the best at encouraging and inspiring.
John shrugged but nodded.  Mycroft stood from the bed and began to leave the room.  John felt a rush of panic, a need to do anything to keep his Daddy from turning out the lights and leaving.
It was a relief when presents had been opened and the Christmas lunch plates had been cleared away.  Their parents were reluctant, but Mycroft managed to usher Sherlock into the car earlier than expected with half-true excuses about work obligations.
Come to think about it, Bunny hadn’t exactly been the easiest kid to deal with, lately.  The day before, Bunny had pretended to be little when he wasn’t , then he’d wet Sherlock’s bed during naptime and then his pants when he and Sherlock were playing in the attic.  He'd also been unable to sleep once he'd been put to bed, and had asked to sleep with his Daddy and Uncle Greg.  He’d even hurt his tongue sucking too hard on his pacifier, causing even more trouble for his Daddy and Uncle Greg, and then he’d gone and wet his pants and bed again earlier that day, when he was crying because he thought Uncle Greg had bought diapers for him at the store.
“Sherlock doesn’t quite understand why you like the things you do, because close-minded people have told him those things are not for boys.  But, guess what?”
“I wasn’t thinking,” Greg attempted, rubbing a hand along the back of his neck.  “I’m sorry, Myc.  I messed up.  He aged up almost immediately, and he’s been in his room ever since.”
“In his damn office,” Sherlock said, suddenly defensive and moody again because it was the easiest way to combat the self-hatred.  “He wouldn’t care even if I fell down the stairs and broke my legs.”
“There, now,” Mycroft tutted, guiding John to look him in the eye.  “Where’s my big strong Gryffindor, hm?”
“Eventually, Ma made us stop because the backyard was nothing more than a muddy mess,” he said with the breath of a laugh, relieved when Bunny giggled, too.
He turned back to Sherlock, who clearly wasn’t currently able to follow Bunny’s example by cleaning his own teeth.  Greg tapped the bulb of the boy’s pacifier gently, and Sherlock, after whining in the back of his throat, released it from his lips.  Greg slipped the pacifier into his pocket, then opened his own mouth wide to show Sherlock he should do the same.  The boy obeyed, and Greg stood close to brush Sherlock’s teeth, beginning with the kid's bottom molars.
“I thought you were a big boy,” Sherlock smirked when they at last pulled apart to catch their breath, one eyebrow raised.
Mycroft had sent Greg away with thanks and with assurances that he owed him, pleased to be back and eager to ensure that John was feeling okay.  He had clearly been able to see just how much of a toll the case had taken on both John and Sherlock, but on John particularly.  It was why he had told Sherlock to arrange for Greg to be let into the flat at Baker Street when he and John arrived back in London, why he had encouraged Sherlock to send John home even while Sherlock continued to tie up the loose ends of the case.
Once the boys were dressed, Mycroft settled down with them and their sippy cups of juice and their blankets and their plushies on either side of him, and, for an hour and a half, they were quiet and sweet and the ordeals of the day had been forgotten while they watched The Lion King.
“No problem, love,” he said, shifting his eyes back to the road to begin looking for rest stop signs.  “I’ll find us a loo, okay?”
It wasn’t a complete lie; after all, Sherlock could feel the littler side of himself still waiting to take over, and he figured that with the right encouragement from Bunny and the right amount of cuddles from Mycroft and Papa, it may just be convinced to come out and play.
John felt himself go still.  Their case in Scotland had not involved animals of any kind, and there certainly wasn’t a rabbit in their flat waiting to be passed over to the authorities.  John could feel his heartbeat in his neck.  There was only one bunny Sherlock was currently associating with: John himself.
Sherlock stepped forward until he was close, and John felt sobered in the man’s presence.  Despite the portion of his mind which worried Sherlock had been pulled too quickly from the headspace he had so needed, there was a relief to knowing he had his boyfriend back for the moment, a relief to knowing he was safe and within reach.  He had to force himself not to allow his head to drop down onto Sherlock’s chest.
I'll be posting the beginning of a new story in this series soon.  The one I'll post is mainly focused on little John (who I'm recently obsessed with), but I know a lot of you are just as (if not moreso) interested in seeing Little Sherlock, so I'll do my best to have the next one I add focused on little 'Lock.
“He’s okay, little pirate,” Greg said.  “Mycroft’s going to take care of him while I get you back to bed, alright?”
In Sherlock’s room, he turned on the small desk lamp, tossed the pajamas into the laundry hamper, and began to strip the bed.  The boy had soaked through his sheets and the woven blanket Mycroft had made the bed with, but luckily the boy’s comforter had been spared.  He found some clean blue sheets in the linen closet across from the bathroom, and after a quick wipe-down of the plastic sheet, Sherlock’s bed had been re-made and Greg was gathering fresh pajamas and the ever-important pull-up to take back into the bathroom.
Sure enough, Sherlock emerged from the bundle of blankets on the couch, clutching a comforter around his shoulders and his tattered dinosaur in his arms.  It certainly seemed as if the man had been asleep; his face was lined from the couch pillows and his hair was tousled.  It was the first time John realized Sherlock’s regression may help the man turn off his mind a bit.
John shook his head.  He wouldn’t be able to move without releasing the contents of his bladder right there on the couch, and he wanted nothing more than to continue the all-encompassing feeling of need which had overtaken his mind and body.  He felt as young as he had the day at the zoo, if not younger, and he never wanted the feeling of surrender to end.
Sherlock woke up with a start and almost immediately yanked the pirate pacifier from his mouth.  The sheet had been pulled halfway over his face,  but Bunny had seen the red plastic bobble in his mouth before he had taken it out and shoved it beneath his pillow.
Sherlock knew as soon as Mycroft’s expression changed that he was in big trouble.  A part of him toyed with the idea of staying put in the office, of throwing a fit until Mycroft was forced to hang up the phone and deal with him instead of the boring people on the phone.  But there was another part of him that remembered the conversations Mycroft had long-ago had with him, back when it was just the two of them ageplaying, when Mycroft explained that there were times Sherlock couldn’t be selfish because there were other people counting on Mycroft’s help.
“First things first,” Greg said after cranking the heat up in the car and buckling his own seat belt. “I bet you could use the loo, huh?”
“Buddy,” Mycroft said, rubbing the boy’s back.  “You know you’re not a bad boy for having an accident.”
“Okay, we have a few decisions to make,” Mycroft began.  “First, you need to decide if you’d like to be little for Christmas.”
It's been far, far too long since I've updated, and it doesn't seem as if life is going to slow down for me anytime soon.  As a result, this chapter is much shorter than any of my previous ones--I know where I'm moving next, I just haven't had time to sit down and write!  I'm hoping the shorter length will allow me to post more frequently until I can get back on track to my usual length of chapters.
“See if you can get some rest, little one,” Mycroft said as they pulled out of the parking lot.  “We’ll be home soon.”
Sherlock’s question set John to crying once more, and Mycroft held him close with a cluck of his tongue, resuming the back and forth swaying that had seemed to soothe the boy moments before.
“It’s just that...well, adulthood is such a practice in the masking of old wounds,” Greg said, putting the thought into words for the first time.  “It can be nice to exist in a world where it isn’t shameful to deal in vulnerability.”
“Stop, My,” Sherlock said, jerking his head away in an attempt to keep his face from the scratchy towel.  But Mycroft crooked a finger beneath his chin, tickling his neck, and Sherlock relented, giggling until his face was clean.
He didn’t know what to do.  If he told Mycroft he needed the loo, the man would take him.  But if he helped him out of his pants and pull-up, he would also know that John had already started wetting himself, and he would have to admit to him that he'd done it truly by accident, which scared him.  It was one thing to choose to wet himself, it was another thing entirely to wet himself involuntarily; was he really so little that he had lost track of his own bladder?
“Is it any wonder I’ve a tendency to act the child?” Sherlock asked when he and Mycroft stood in the hallway, just outside their bedroom doors.  “I’m surprised you’re not the one stuck in childhood.  You’ve been exposed to their coddling for longer than I have.”
“Get off of me, Mycroft!” Sherlock said, sending Mycroft stumbling backwards with an aggressive shove.  “I don’t have to go!”
Greg sighed and shook his head in amazement.  Here was yet another example  of his mother’s open-minded love.  She had been a support and a champion for him and his brothers their entire lives, with them through the ups and downs of all breeds of relationships with men and women alike, encouraging them to always be exactly themselves.  He should never have doubted she would be anything but accepting in this newest development of Greg’s personal life.
“Can I pick the movie, Papa?” Bunny asked as he hurried into the bathroom after Greg, dressed in his Little Mermaid nightgown and reaching for his bunny toothbrush.
Greg smiled sideways at the yawn before reaching for the window scraper in the footwell opposite Bunny.  Closing Bunny in while the car warmed up, Greg began doing away with the snow that had accumulated in a blanket over the windshield and rear windows.
Bunny’s nightshirt was decorated with a bright picture of the Little Mermaid.  When Sherlock reached out and began tracing the images, Bunny squirmed a bit and then blinked awake.  His gaze followed down to where Sherlock was touching his shirt, and he pushed himself to a sitting position.
“I’m not wearing that,” he spat, and suddenly Mycroft was dealing with a moody pre-teen, railing over rules he believed didn’t apply to him.  “I’m not a girl.”
He reached to ruffle Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock ducked away but could not help a smirk from emerging at the corner of his mouth.  Wetting his pants always made him feel small and vulnerable; the attention was a welcome relief even if he felt a bit frustrated at losing his gaming privileges for the day.
He gasped, realizing what he’d just said, and looked up at his Daddy with wide eyes.  He was tired and his throat hurt and his head was pounding.  He wanted to get out of timeout so he could hold Willa the bunny and his rescued baby blanket and curl up until Papa was home.
He sighed, and felt his eyes fill up with tears.  He hadn’t meant to be bad all morning, but Daddy had been preoccupied with Sherlock, who had gone and gotten younger and taken all the attention, and Bunny’s thoughts and desires about not feeling like a boy today had turned him confused and lonely, so he’d acted out.
The liquid had pooled in the center of the mattress where Sherlock sat, so he could not help but make more of a mess as he got out of bed, dripping urine from the heavy pull-up as well as the thin cotton of his dinosaur pajamas.  He felt just like he had when he was very young, scared to be found out and desperate for his brother to make things right.  Bunny was far from his mind.
Helping with dinner seemed to be a relative term for the Bunny, who enjoyed pointing to various items whenever Uncle Greg asked “what next?” but otherwise stayed attached to Mycroft with his head against the man’s shoulder.  John was clearly non-verbal at the moment, a stark contrast to the babbling diatribe they could hear from Sherlock in the living room, where the detective narrated dark and detailed storylines of piracy.
“Goodbye, loves,” he said in a rush, going down the line to kiss Mycroft on the lips and then Sherlock’s head as he had Bunny’s.  “Myc, text me if you need anything.”
Greg messed up and got shampoo in John’s eyes, but John did his best not to whine or cry.  He knew it was only an accident, and he had been moving around to grab a plastic mermaid that had slipped out of his hand while Uncle Greg had been rinsing the shampoo out of his hair, so it was partly his own fault.  Greg told him he was a brave boy for not crying, which made John feel good.
Mycroft nodded, and, after dropping his coat off on the coat rack, followed Greg to the second floor and into the bedroom Mycroft had set up for Sherlock.  The duvet cover Mycroft had found for Sherlock’s room was a nautical map covered in sailing ships following dotted lines showing each ship’s trajectory, and there were throw pillows shaped like boat anchors and whales scattered on the bed and the windowseat.  There was even a treasure map rug beneath the desk next to the window.
“It’s embarrassing,” he said, squirming a bit on the kitchen chair.  He pulled the baby blanket tighter around his shoulders.
“It wasn’t you, sweetheart,” he said with a soft laugh.  He reached a hand out and patted the boy on the cheek.  He really was adorable when he was like this.  “But we should get these sheets changed, so you’ve got to get up.  Why don’t you go brush your teeth and wash your face?”
He made quick work of the steps to reach Bunny, who could not help but sink down onto the top step, collapsing further into himself as soon as Papa was close.  He hoped Papa wouldn’t be disappointed that he was small while his brother was watching.  But the harrowing images of his nightmare were still circling his mind, he was in a strange place, his pants were wet, and he just didn’t have the energy to pretend anymore.
“There are very few relationships in this world that are unconditional.  For better or for worse, your family was your first home.  Even if you’ve outgrown that home, it’s important to go back and visit it, from time to time.”
“I’m proud of the way you handled yourself while away from home, kiddo,” Greg said.  “You prepared for the potential of being small, and you allowed yourself times of comfort when it all got to be too much.”
What if Papa and Daddy argued like they had after that time at the grocery store?  Bunny knew he shouldn’t have, but he had listened at the top of the stairs at the lake house while Papa and Daddy first discussed Bunny wanting to wear pink pull-ups and his Little Mermaid nightshirt.  He had only listened for a moment before feeling himself aging up and retreating to the bedroom, but the guilt he had felt over causing a rift in his Daddy and Papa’s relationship had been all-consuming.
“I think you and Mycroft should have a nice chat tomorrow, hm?” Greg asked when Sherlock had calmed a bit.  “Your brother loves you more than anything, bud.”
He began pacing the room on his way toward the dead body, unable to keep from noticing the scattered liquor bottles strewn on bureaus and bedside tables.  The rundown motel room was exactly the type of place where, years ago, John had found his father after long nights spent looking for him.  He had always been less concerned about finding his father and more concerned with calming his mother’s tearful worries whenever his father didn't come home.  John ran a hand down his face at the swift pace of the returning memories.  He had enough prompting him towards vulnerability at the moment; he didn’t need any additional triggers to set him off feeling young.
“Let’s get that diaper off of you, then.  It’s been on for far too long as it is, and we don’t want you to get a rash.”
Luckily, Sherlock did not argue, yawning once more and nodding as he reached absent-mindedly to fiddle with Greg’s shirt collar.  Greg smirked at Mycroft before carrying his boyfriend’s little brother out of the bathroom, leaving Mycroft alone with John.
“You know the rules,” Mycroft told Sherlock as he twisted the lid onto the cup and placed it on the edge of the tabletop, where he knew it was in Sherlock’s eyeline.  “Timeout only begins when you’re settled and calm like a big boy.”
And so it was no surprise that Sherlock, rather than admit to Mycroft that he felt betrayed by learning of his new role as John’s Daddy, rather than hold up his half of the adult conversation he assumed Mycroft wanted to have, had fallen stubbornly into headspace by the time Mycroft entered the kitchen.
But Mycroft had come this far, and he was not about to slide back on the rules just because it was Christmas night.
“I am,” Sherlock snapped, tellingly sounding more disgruntled teenager than adult man.  He kicked his legs down off of the seat and crossed his arms over his chest, letting his scarf--which he'd been clutching as if it were a comfort item--fall to his lap.  “Leave me alone.”
“Think the kid’s okay upstairs?” Greg asked as he refilled Mycroft’s tea cup.  They had finished a conversation about their schedules for the upcoming week, and Greg’s thoughts had expectedly shifted to Sherlock.  “He’s been struggling all day.”
Sherlock shrugged, shifting himself a bit closer to John.  They spoke low although they knew they were the only ones in the flat, as if reveling in the intimacy of the moment.
“Now, I think it’s time we go see what your brother and Daddy are up to, don’t you?” Greg asked, cheering the boy up by tickling him along the ribcage.  John squealed with laughter and squirmed away from Greg, who cornered him and continued to tickle.
“Thank god they’re asleep,” he said in a whisper once they’d made sure the light in the hallway loo was on for the kids and had closed themselves in Mycroft’s bedroom.
Sherlock knew that Mycroft was right.  He'd been having such a tough time shifting down into headspace because he wasn’t allowing himself the
He let the pressure in his bladder guide him deeper into headspace.  If Bunny was younger, if he was little enough to be squirming around desperate for the loo, maybe Sherlock would feel welcome to sink a bit younger as well.  A part of him must have observed Sherlock had been hovering around a disgruntled 8 or 9 all day; generally when Sherlock sunk lower, closer to 5, he was less self-loathing, less averse to the comfort even Bunny could see he had been so desperately wanting all day.
“John?” Greg called.  “Can you be a good boy for me and go pick out what you’d like to wear after your tub?”
“A rather unfortunate neighbor girl,” Mycroft said, raising his hands out to his sides and adding a bit of defensiveness to his tone, as if he found John’s question demanding.  “Just around Sherlock’s age.  Tormented him to no end.  Rather intelligent, but had a certain propensity for taking things that did not belong to her.”
“Sorry, bud,” Mycroft said, at the table to the left of Sherlock.  “Either you go with the ones you’ve got on, or you choose fish or puppies.”
“No big deal, ‘Lock,” Mycroft said, kneeling down to Sherlock’s level.  The boy flicked his eyes up towards Mycroft for only a moment before looking away again.
His brother sighed and kicked out from under the blankets.  It was rare that he allowed Mycroft to change his pull-up, so Mycroft moved quickly, stripping his brother of his pajama pants and then retrieving a clean pull-up.
“I know, I know,” Greg said, releasing John and taking a deep breath.  “Okay, let’s get out of here and get you tucked away with Willa and your pajamas and a warm bed.”
Edit: I came back 20 minutes after posting to add a second half to this chapter.  I wasn’t sure it was ready yet, but it felt incomplete with out it.  Please forgive my indecision and enjoy the longer version of this chapter!
Of course the man hadn’t been able to leave him alone, of course he had pushed himself in to take his old seat at the table he and John discussed ageplay matters, never mind that John had not requested his presence.  When had Mycroft ever been cognizant of correct timing?
This chapter is one of the first that really delves into the dynamic between the four characters as a unit, so it's been challenging fun to write.  The next chapter will explore the boys' first nights sleeping apart, which I know some of you commented you're interested to see.
John took a long time before answering.  He wanted to be brave and strong like Harry Potter, and he wanted to make Uncle Greg, and especially Mycroft, proud, and he wanted to be a big boy like Sherlock.  But it was scary to be little and by himself--the only time since he had started slipping down into headspace when he had been by himself for longer than a minute or two while little was the night after their case in Scotland.  And that night had been stressful and scary and he had needed to process what he had been feeling for much of that evening with Mycroft in order to feel okay about it all.  But Mycroft was looking down at him with nothing but confidence that this was something John could do, and if Mycroft believed in him, maybe he really could practice sleeping alone.
“I know, buddy,” Greg said, holding out the pull-up for Sherlock to step into and then dressing him in a fresh pair of dinosaur pajamas before releasing the drain on the tub and lifting the boy into his arms.
“B-but what ab-about S-Santa?” the boy managed, Mycroft grateful he’d had so much practice deciphering tearful concerns with Sherlock but feeling a stab of guilt over what he’d said to the boy about fibbing.  How could he have misread the situation so egregiously?
“Probably fancied himself a night of take-away and porn far from his nagging wife and sniveling kids,” Anderson sneered, nasal voice grating on John.  “Got a lot more than he bargained for, didn’t he?”
Any trace of contentment that may have been emerging on Sherlock’s face dissipated with the reminder of his labelling Bunny abnormal, and the boy’s face fell once more.
“I couldn’t hold it,” Sherlock breathed when, at last, John could no longer feel a strong stream beneath his hand.  It was something Sherlock may have said in headspace after an accident.  Except, now, Sherlock was not shame-faced and small.  He was breathlessly excited, voice husky and rather prideful.
“I promise to come back just as soon as I can, little one,” Papa said, and Bunny, defeated, nodded an okay.
“Where are you?” Sherlock asked all at once, his demanding tone of voice just as easily child as it could be adult, which didn’t help answer Greg’s questions about Sherlock’s headspace.  "I called you before and you ignored me."
Mycroft nodded as he shifted to the edge of the chair, gesturing for the boy to come close as he rolled up his shirtsleeves.  He never allotted spankings for self-harm unless the boy specified them as a need, not wanting to cast the boy further into pain if it weren’t necessary.  That said, there were few tasks which could reassure Sherlock of Mycroft’s support and care as quickly and efficiently as spankings, so it was not uncommon for Sherlock to ask for them after the emotional weight that accompanied self-harm.
“It’s a coping mechanism,” he explained, and then, because he knew his brother was intent on sussing out Greg’s role in all of it: “It’s, ah, it’s nice to feel needed in that way.”
“Go use the potty and then come right back and we’ll change your pull-up.  Don’t forget to wash your hands.  I’ll be here if you need anything.  You can leave the door open, if you’d like.”
She grabbed Sherlock by the wrist and dragged him into the living room, and he was stumbling after her almost before he realized she was leading him away from the kitchen.
Sherlock’s first impulse upon rushing from the living room was to leave the lake house entirely. But he knew he was already in deep trouble, and worrying Mycroft and Papa Greg would do nothing to help his case.  And so it was he found himself huddled in the deepest depths of the closet in Bunny’s bedroom upstairs, pressed as close against the wall as he could be.  He figured they would look in his bedroom first, so choosing Bunny’s room as a hideout would hopefully buy him a few more minutes without punishment.
Uncle Greg shared a look with Mycroft for a moment, and Sherlock wondered if he would refuse to help him get dressed, but Mycroft nodded, and Greg looked down at Sherlock with a sigh and a smile.
“Come here, brave boy,” he said, sitting on the end of the bed and opening his arms so that Bunny could scramble into his lap.  A bit of urine hadn’t hurt either of them in the past, and, even if it had, at the moment Bunny could not think twice about cuddling as close as possible to Daddy.  “I’ve got you, baby. It’s alright.  Daddy’s here.”
Mycroft stood in the doorway, assessing John’s current mindset.  Whatever his appearance, the man had clearly not let himself become Bunny just yet.  His eyes still retained John’s cautiousness; the way he held himself was reminiscent of Doctor Watson far more than Mycroft and Greg’s little princess.  Still fighting headspace, then.
His mobile began ringing, and despite his first instinct to ignore, he leaned over the mattress to find his jacket where he had let it drop to the floor and fished in the pocket until he found his phone.
Bunny didn’t want to leave Sherlock’s room.  He had wet his bed the night before and didn’t know if Papa had put clean sheets on his bed.  Even if his bed was clean, Bunny felt too miserable and yucky to be alone.  He wanted to be close to Sherlock if he couldn’t have Daddy or Papa.
“Good morning, kiddo,” he said softly, and John stirred, tightening his lips around the borrowed pacifier in his mouth with a deep breath in, but keeping his eyes closed.
“You’ve got a point there, kiddo,” Uncle Greg said, and Bunny bounced because Uncle Greg's body shook with his laugh.
“What the hell are you thinking?” Greg was saying when he’d shoved John up against the side of his car, voice enraged.  “You just compromised the crime scene of a case we’ve been working for months!  I have enough trouble convincing Anderson and the others to let you and Sherlock step in on these cases.  You think starting a fist fight is going to help your case?  Jesus, John!  Mycroft was right, you weren’t anywhere near ready to handle a crime scene today.”
Bunny was so unprepared for Sherlock’s push that he found himself suddenly tumbling off the bed and onto the floorboards.  He was too tired and shocked to do anything but burst into tears, rubbing against the shoulder he had landed on as he pulled Willa the rabbit--who he could now reach--into his arms.
My gift to you is a new chapter :)  I was planning to pick up the narrative the next day, but our little Sherlock had too many questions and concerns left unaddressed, so we ended up with something a bit different.
“It’s no fun being sick,” Mycroft said by way of providing the boy a bit of empathy.  “How about after your timeout and your apology we get you and your brother some hot cocoa.  Maybe that will help you feel a little better, okay, buddy?”
Mycroft could not help but feel a swell of affection for the boy wanting him to help; Mycroft wished he had been there to help, too.
Greg found the right brand and size of diapers, and placed them into the cart along with the rest of the items.  Mycroft had also suggested picking up some new pull-ups for Bunny, given their suspicion that the boy wanted to wear them more frequently.  Greg reached for the same package of Goodnights they generally bought, in boys’ xl.  But his eye caught on the girls’ version next to them on the shelf, and he instead reached for the pink packaging.  He turned to show them to Bunny, expecting the kid to be smiling once more at the thought of butterflies and flowers instead of the stripes and camouflage patterns he usually wore on his pull-ups.
Bunny closed his eyes and forced himself to stop squirming.  It was difficult to convince himself that he was allowed to wee in his pants, that he wasn’t going to get in trouble or get teased for wetting.  But, with a gasp, he relaxed himself enough to start peeing.  He felt a pulse of wetness inside the front of his pull-up as he released, and he fought against the instinct to stop himself, letting the pulse become a stream.  Before long, it was beyond his control, and he barely breathed as he felt the warmth soak into the pull-up, spreading upwards and then spreading downwards, soaking into the dry sections of the pull-up and then trailing towards his bum.  The stream was thick and fast, saturating the pull-up in a heavy, fast heat.
John was a soldier and a doctor, a man who had survived his childhood and gotten himself through med school on his own, who had been in battle and had made a life for himself, needing no one.  But the words soothed a bit of his shame, and John concentrated on the pattern Mycroft traced along his back.  He told himself he was simply too tired to ask Mycroft to leave, and it was an adequate excuse for the moment.
“All night I kept thinking I was such a bad kid.  I could barely focus on the movie.  I was terrified I would pee myself again. God, thank you for not saying anything when I went to use the bathroom every twenty minutes between the bath you gave us and bedtime.”
“Is there anything you want to talk about, kiddo?” Papa asked, and this time his voice was quiet but close.
By the time Greg got the boy settled into a full bathtub, he was so impressed with Sherlock’s compliance that he conceded and retrieved a few plastic shark toys from beneath the sink.
Sherlock was all too happy to oblige if it meant he was left with this form of John beside him, gasping and grateful.
It was only halfway through the movie that John felt the need to pee.  He had found himself squirming a bit, but it was only once he felt in danger of leaking that he realized how badly he needed to go.  He knew he should ask Uncle Greg to pause the movie and let him go pee, but he was hesitant to say anything.
“I’d like to give them a change of scenery” he said.  “But I’m not sure Sherlock will go without a fight.”
Mycroft gave him ten swats on his bare behind, beginning harsh and getting lighter as the boy squirmed and began to whimper.  Bunny wasn’t used to spankings in the way Sherlock was; Mycroft didn’t want to hurt him more than was necessary to impress upon him the gravity of his poor decisions and to settle him into the type of needy, compliant headspace that would allow John to accept care for the rest of the day, if they were lucky.
The worry was not a new one.  Ageplay had the potential to release old memories; Mycroft knew that and was meticulously careful to assess Sherlock’s recollections of childhood by using trigger words after every extended ageplay session as a test of his brother’s state of mind.  He had initially been worried that introducing John as another little would stir up his brother’s memories of playing pirates with his childhood best friend; however, since John had begun slipping into headspace Mycroft had increased his testing of Sherlock’s memory--most recently just a day after the weekend at the lake--and was satisfied that Sherlock remained ignorant of the incident with Victor Trevor.
Thanks for your comments and kudos!  This chapter checks off a few reader requests: Sherlock slipping younger and John in time-out.  Hope you're all having a good day--sending bunny kisses!
John reached out to take Sherlock’s hand in his own.  He did not shush him or tell him it would be okay, not wanting to coddle the boy when he needed to learn a lesson.  However, he let the boy know he was there for him by circling his thumb along the back of Sherlock’s hand as he waited for him to regain a sense of rational thought.
“I’ve been desperate for hours,” Sherlock breathed as John--others in the pub be damned--tilted his head up to kiss his still-pissing boyfriend.
“First, I need to apologize to you, Bun,” he said.  “It wasn’t right of me to bring you to the crime scene when you clearly weren’t ready to be there.”
Greg was a bit taken aback.  He scanned the boy for a moment, worried that he was too late and the kid had already wet himself, but Bunny’s jeans were dry and he was still squirming where he sat.  Greg had also become quite skilled at knowing what a pull-up looked like under clothing, and knew John would never dare wear one to a crime scene.
“Why don't you try to use the toilet, buddy?” Mycroft asked as he stood in the doorway to supervise Sherlock’s hand washing.
There were footsteps on the staircase, and John stepped into the living room, toweling his wet hair.  He was dressed in jeans and a sweater, and quickly seemed to read the mood of the room.
“We’ll put it back up when you’re ready,” Mycroft said with a smile.  “For now, let’s not worry about stickers and charts, okay?”
Greg walked John back and forth throughout the flat’s rooms as John bawled, rubbing his back and whispering into his ear that he was safe and that Mycroft would come see him just as soon as he could and that he was a good boy for being so brave while his daddy was gone.
Through ageplay, Greg had come to understand Sherlock far better than he ever had before.  He had always seen the potential in the man for goodness, and, in their Uncle Greg and little Sherlock relationship, that goodness had been confirmed.  Sherlock’s bravado was a cover for his vulnerability, his gruff nature a cover for his confusion about human nature.  Greg had come to see, with Mycroft and John’s help, just how much Sherlock needed to be cared for, just how much encouragement could do for the man.  He felt protective of Sherlock’s state of mind, and knew that, had anyone else caused Sherlock the amount of pain he himself just had, he would not have hesitated to set the jerk straight with his fists.
He indeed found them in the guest room, and while the kids may have been asleep on either side of Greg, his boyfriend was more than awake, raising an eyebrow in judgement that Mycroft was not in a position to begrudge.
Sherlock cried loudly, rubbing tears from his eyes.  And when he caught sight through the car window of Uncle Greg, Mycroft, and Bunny walking back across the parking lot towards him, Bunny licking at an ice cream cone and Mycroft clutching a wrapped up sandwich Sherlock knew he would try to get him to eat, he cried louder, trying to use his hands to cover up the massive accident he had just had.  He cried because he had wet himself and because Bunny had gotten ice cream and Sherlock hadn’t.  But, most of all, he cried because it felt good to, because he was finally young; he cried because he knew Mycroft, Bunny, and Uncle Greg would wipe away the tears.
This seemed to be new information to Sherlock, who turned down the corners of his mouth and shrugged, then sighed in annoyance.
They pulled into a service station, Greg stepping out to fill the car with gas while John was sent inside to find the loos.  They weren’t what John would have called clean--Sherlock would have certainly refused to use them, already having a generalized aversion to public loos--but John did not have the luxury of being particular at the moment.
“I’m not mad, princess,” Greg said, needing to assure Bunny first and foremost.  “But I am a little confused.  Daddy asked you to use the potty before you left Baker Street.”
Greg set Sherlock to picking the colors of plasters he wanted to place on the cuts along his arm, distracting the boy as he rooted in the medicine cabinet for diaper rash cream.  He was banking on the idea that Mycroft would have some from past experiences of a stubborn Sherlock sitting around for too long in a wet diaper, but there wasn’t anything immediately visible, and he’d been forced to begin shifting shaving creams and craning towards the top shelf in the hopes that he wouldn’t come up empty-handed.
Now, buckled into the backseat of Papa’s car, shifting to keep his sore bum from making too much contact with the seat, Bunny felt nothing but tired and irritable.  He was vacillating between headspaces, unsure of where exactly he would land.
Mycroft and Greg had gotten the kids to sleep without much fuss; both were clearly exhausted by the events of the day, too tired to put up much of a bedtime strop.  Mycroft took care of quick baths and getting their teeth brushed; Greg handled pull-ups, pajamas, and the storybooks before lights out.  They had left the boys cuddled beneath the soft stars cast by the nightlights in their adjoining bedrooms, the door between them open so neither felt alone.
Sherlock glanced up.  If there was one thing his brother refused to do, it was apologize, especially when doing so implicated Mycroft in any type of wrongdoing.  But it was clear from his tone of voice and the expression on his face that Mycroft was sincere.
Mycroft sighed and, after reaching to retrieve the remote, turned off the telly.  Bunny was crying, his face buried in the crook of his crossed arms.  He looked small and pitiful hiding his face against the arm of the couch, and Mycroft was almost regretful that the kid had a timeout coming to him.
“Not just any female, John, but a female child.  A female child tied in some way to my own childhood.  He’s never before been wary or cautious about introducing a women into ageplay--my brother doesn’t keep much company with them, but there was one rather regrettable day at the office when I showed up young and rather prone to misbehavior.”
The impetus for Sherlock’s outburst suddenly became more than clear.  The boy was used to the shy, reserved little boy Bunny who worshipped Sherlock and allowed him to set all the rules of their ageplay world.  Little girl Bunny had showed up, confident and self-assured on a day Sherlock was feeling a bit younger than usual, and had gone about shifting their roles.
Bunny nodded, then closed his eyes and cried again.  He didn’t want to explain to Sherlock why he was upset, didn’t want to admit to him that he’d wet the bed.  He just wanted someone to hold him, someone to rub his back and help him clean up.
There's good news in that the next chapter is almost fully completed, so I promise it will not be quite so long before I get you another update--my plan currently is to have that one posted by this upcoming Wednesday.
Mycroft gathered the crying boy into his arms--wet clothes be damned--and cradled him to his chest as Greg stepped forward and rubbed his back.  The boy was still speaking, and they had to strain to understand him over his hitching sobs.
“Finish your pee and get dressed,” he said, knowing that if Sherlock had fully emptied his bladder, he would have wet his pants and the bed as well as the pull-up.  “Then meet me back in the bedroom and we’ll talk.”
Sherlock tore off the diaper he had been wearing--still dry, which Greg found interesting.  Maybe the boy was not feeling as young as he and Mycroft had assumed.  On the other hand, as soon as Greg pulled Bunny’s sweatpants down, he could clearly see the boy had wet his pull-up.  Bunny blushed and held his hands over his crotch as if trying to hide the sagging pull-up.  Greg saw his eyes glance to make sure Sherlock wasn’t peeking.  Luckily, the boy was busy pulling on his own swim suit.
John sighed, choosing to focus on relief rather than the fictitious concerns spiraling in his mind or the half-formed anger he felt when he thought about how far she had made him come before bailing.
“Do you know there’s probably diseased frogs in the lake down there?” Sherlock asked, gesturing with his child’s size fork over his shoulder, where the lake lay beyond the sliding glass door.
“This is not just a desire, Mycroft,” Greg explained, assured and firm.  “This is a part of him.  What's best for John is that we allow him to express himself in this way.”
It was strange how attuned Greg had become to the potential benefits of age play for those he came into contact with in his everyday life.  He found himself subconsciously catching little behaviors in others and feeling the need to protect anyone he deemed vulnerable.  Anderson was his coworker, but the hierarchy of the department dictated that Greg was responsible for his well being, for his overall welfare as it led to the success of the department.  He would be lying if he said he hadn’t ever treated the rather fragile man with kid gloves, even before entering into his official capacity of Papa Greg.
Sherlock reached a hand into the closet after a moment, and Bunny shifted a bit closer, taking it in his own.  They sat in silence, holding hands, until Bunny felt brave enough to scoot on his bum just far enough out of the closet to lay his head against Sherlock’s thigh.  Sherlock placed a hand on his head, stroking his hair.
Sherlock did not respond.  He was content to rest on his brother’s lap with his eyes closed, cuddling his stuffed animals and sucking his pirate pacifier.
By the time Mycroft had lifted Sherlock off of his lap and carried him into the bathroom to begin running a bath and stripping Sherlock of his wet things, Sherlock was all out of tears.  His head hurt, and his eyes stung, and he felt, more than anything, empty.  It was all too easy to sit back and let Mycroft bathe him, and he was too emotionally spent to care just how much he was being babied, even when Mycroft lay him down on the end of the bed in the master bedroom and taped him into a diaper.
John was reading news about a local charity leader embezzling money when Greg’s mobile rang.  Greg, moving quickly to slide an omelet out of the pan and onto a plate before the call went to voicemail, wiped his hands on a tea towel before answering.
It was his way of asking Mycroft to leave the bedroom.  He needed space to think, maybe even the space to sleep for an hour or so as an escape from the guilt pressing onto his chest.
“Get cleaned up and get some sleep now, love.  I expect to see a well rested boy when I get back tomorrow, okay?”
"Damn," he said, voice causing Sherlock distress.  "These are too deep.  I'll have to take you to hospital."
Lestrade nodded and pushed back his chair to stand from the table.  He paused and turned when he was halfway out of the room.
Sherlock grunted non-committedly, waited for Lestrade to close the door behind him, curled up into a ball on the cot as he shoved his plush toys onto the floor.  He lay with eyes wide open, knowing he would spend the rest of the night awake, adult mind back full-force, flooding his consciousness with worries and self-doubt.
But when Mycroft lifted John and placed him on his feet, heading towards John’s overnight bag to begin unpacking, John froze.  He could feel the pull-up between his legs.  And he was damp.  Not only that, he still had to pee.  Badly.
“No spanking today, kiddo,” he said, resolving to stand up to Mycroft were he to question his final decision.  John had trusted Greg with a bit more vulnerability, and he was not about to ruin that by scaring the kid out of being honest in the future.  “But that doesn’t mean you’re not being punished.”
Sherlock whined in the back of his throat when Mycroft appeared beside him to wipe down his sticky face and hands with a wet cloth, pulling his face away from his brother while doing all he could to keep his gaze on the telly.  Mycroft chuckled softly as he persisted, and soon Sherlock gave in to his brother’s administrations with one final whine, just to get it over with.
Bunny was wearing new pull-ups, different from the ones Sherlock wore when he was bigger.  Bunny sat up on his knees to show them off: purple and pink and flowery.
John had glanced up from where he was sitting at the desk in front of his computer screen to give a lackluster hum of acknowledgement.  He’d been updating the blog and was not too keen to be pulled from the memories of a now-distant case.  As it was, the events had taken more than a bit of effort to recall.  He was currently struggling to capture the frenetic pace of the events of the crime without appearing cavalier and without going into more detail than was necessary.  He continued typing, not wanting to lose his current train of thought.
“Have you met my little brother?” he asked.  “The man can hardly keep himself dry in his day-to-day life, nevermind a night he’s finally allowed himself to slip into headspace after fighting against it for more than a few days.”
Greg stripped the bed quickly, pleased to see there was not too much of a stain on the mattress.  The cleaner they had brought along just in case had already been used on the mattress in Sherlock’s bedroom that Bunny had wet during naptime the day before, and Greg found it quickly took care of the small stain on the master bedroom mattress as well.
He nodded and began sucking his thumb.  He could be little without Sherlock; Mycroft may not be close by, but he had made sure his little Bunny would be safe.
“I’m fine, Myc,” John assured him as he opened the door and let him in.  The man had not yet put on his shirt, and Mycroft could see the waistband of the pull-up above his jeans as John zipped and buttoned his fly.
Mycroft knew there were more differences between Eurus Holmes and John Watson than perhaps between any other two people Mycroft had come to associate with.  But Bunny glanced up at Mycroft as if it were the first time he had thought of the distinction.  He looked relieved, a bit more sure of himself, when he shook his head.
“I’m fine,” Mycroft said before reaching for the computer mouse.  “Ready for things to go back to normal once the holidays are finished.”
It's been a really busy week but you've all been so patient I thought I'd give you two chapters today!
“What do you say we get you all washed up and into some clean jammies?” he asked, and Bunny, glancing up at him with red-rimmed eyes, nodded, his pacifier still firmly in his mouth.
“Someone wanted to make sure you were okay,” Greg said, stepping into the bathroom and holding out the boy’s stuffed toy.
“What’s that, bud?” he asked, obviously still distracted by Bunny’s abnormal behavior.  Uncle Greg had gone to wash up the dishes in the kitchen and to keep an eye on the bunny.
Sherlock clutched Dimitri and alligator to his chest and his thumb found its way into his mouth as he shifted against the wetness of his pants.  He wanted Mycroft to be off the phone.
Mycroft smiled down at John.  “Okay, sweet boy.  Let's say another quick 'goodnight' to your brother and then it's time for sleep.”
“Come on, grumpy boy,” Papa said with the breath of a laugh, ignoring Sherlock’s fib and pushing up onto his elbows as he reached to gently tickle Sherlock’s sides.  “Let’s get you to the loo.”
For a reason he was still struggling to work out, John continued to be plagued by thoughts of his father.  The memories had first emerged that morning, spurred to his consciousness by the embarrassment he’d felt after letting Mycroft care for him the night before.  John did not speak often about his childhood, and although details had been recalled when they had been dealing with issues of Bunny’s gender identity, for the most part John had vowed long ago to leave that aspect of his life behind him.  Harry was the only family he had left; there had been no need to keep the memory of his father alive after his death.
Sherlock nodded, then reached out another spoonful of macaroni.  Mycroft scoffed but allowed his little brother to feed him once more, and Sherlock giggled, this time attempting to restrain himself as much as possible.  Trying to stay quiet led to Sherlock snorting through his laughter, and then he was belly laughing once more, this time at his own silliness.
“I’m not wearing that tattered old thing,” Mycroft said, but Greg raised an eyebrow and told him the kids would love it.
Sherlock and Bunny tried to yell that they weren’t trying to trick him, but their words were swallowed into high-pitched laughter as they rolled around in an attempt to escape his tickling fingers.
John recalled nights he was put to bed little, when he would lie in bed and imagine playing with dolls, when he imagined himself a little princesses.
John paused where he had stood from the bed to stared up at Mycroft, and any trace of the needy little boy--his sweet little Bunny--was absent from his gaze.
But he couldn’t make the words come out right on the mobile; Papa was with Bunny, which made Sherlock remember the way, back when they were big, John had kissed the healing cuts, had told Sherlock he was proud of the progress he was making, which made his throat tighten and his chest feel heavy.
Mycroft refrained from teasing that his brother was a bit too late for protest given that he was buckled into a car at the beginning of a four and a half hour journey out of London.
“Do you want to come out?” he asked, but Bunny, pacifier in his mouth as he hugged his rabbit to his chest, shook his head.
“Very happily adult as well, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes.  “Despite what you may think, there are activities that John doesn’t actually need you for, brother mine.”
He worried that Sherlock was still mad at him, that he really did think Bunny was just a stupid baby who wasn’t good for anything.  But thunder clapped again and Bunny was desperate for the way Sherlock lessened fearful situations by explaining the scientific logic behind them.  He would talk about repressed memory or cumulonimbus clouds and lift from various airstreams, and suddenly his nightmares and the thunderstorm would be something wonderful instead of something terrifying.
Mycroft did not agree, as John expected.  He simply hummed, and then was silent once more.  John was forced to come to terms with the fact that Mycroft was more than likely waiting for John to begin the conversation.
“Why is he sleeping in your bed?” Sherlock asked, sitting up, perhaps ready to begin thinking a bit more rationally about the situation.
Sherlock was paused in the doorway, his back to John.  John hadn't realized he was still in the room.
Bunny wanted to try on the other costumes.  There were capes and crowns and tailcoats and a jester’s hat, all of which were fancier and more colorful than the drab pirate’s clothing Sherlock had made him wear.  Sherlock’s game was violent and complicated and had gone on for far too long.
“I’m not sure that I know at the moment,” John admitted.  “But no pull-ups, at least not right now.  I think it might happen again, that...that I might like it to, but I’m not sure.  I need some more time to process.”
“I need you to go back to Baker street,” Sherlock had said when the plane landed.  “I’ll text with further instructions when you’re there.”
Mycroft trusted John, perhaps more so than anyone except Greg and definitely more so than he trusted his unpredictably selfish little brother.  Even so, John had far less experience dealing with an emotionally volatile Sherlock Holmes than Mycroft did himself.  He also worried that John had barely had time to properly transition up in headspace; only hours before he had been as deep in headspace as Mycroft had seen him. Was he really prepared to process aspects of his fully adult relationship with Sherlock?  There was a part of Mycroft itching to race down the staircase and check up on the two.
“We didn’t find him,” he said, as if the details were close at hand.  “He was locked away somewhere, and I never saw him again.”
Thankfully, Bunny did not protest against being cleaned up with wipes and dressed in a fresh pull-up and nightgown.  The new nightgown was long-sleeved with ruffled shoulders, a blue flannel covered in stars that Greg hoped would keep the boy warm enough.  He carried the boy to the bathroom, where he sat him on the edge of the sink and poured out a new dose of medication which the boy drank down without any fuss.
“Let’s let them be,” Greg had said when Mycroft attempted to remain close to the two men.  “They deserve some privacy.”
John let the front door close heavily.  He stood on the front step of Mycroft’s flat, breathing in the crisp air by way of grounding himself, of settling his nerves.  Summer was settling into fall, and John was pleased that the day was hinting towards chilly; the hint of cold in the air settled into his lungs and reminded him to breathe.  He was not entirely sure what had just transpired, what was clearly still transpiring, and he felt unmoored, mind muddled.
“Small,” John said right away, clearly not needing to think hard for the answer.  “Vulnerable.  Safe.”
How could he have been so careless?  Mycroft had explained how important it was that they fill Sherlock in on the new dynamic between him and John at the right time, which, Mycroft explained, would likely be the next time Sherlock aged up.
Sherlock could not take his eyes off of his boyfriend; there was such a wild beauty in John in the moment he lost control.  His pupils were blown and his breath ragged; John was uninhibitedly helpless and so, so needy.
It was a relief when John was alone in the car with Greg.  Greg had guided him to the backseat, buckled him in, and swung around to the boot of the car before returning at John’s door with Willa.  John was amazed by how comforted and small he felt as soon as he had her in his arms.
“You mean to tell me, Dr. Watson, that you’ve never seen my brother wet himself before?  It’s really quite a frequent event, all told.”
When he finished, he resumed sucking on his hot cocoa, the sippy-cup warm in his hand just as the pee was warm in his undies, and he waited for Daddy to discover what he had done, smiling as he imagined how close he was to Daddy’s soothing and cuddling.
“First, choose a sticker for your chart, good boy,” Papa said, suddenly next to them with the stack of stickers.
“Oh, buddy,” Mycroft said, taking a seat once more on the couch and pulling the teary-eyed kiddo into his lap.  “It’s okay.”
“We’re not debating, Bun.  It’s just for in case,” he said.  “Even big boys need protection just in case sometimes.”
In mere moments, the kids were tucked into their beds with stuffies and baby blankets and pacifiers, night lights were lit, and foreheads were kissed.  It had been a long, tiresome day, and Greg took Mycroft’s hand to lead him down the hallway to their bedroom.
He lifted John and carried him to his place at the table, where John settled his baby blanket around his lap and placed his lion in the chair next to him to keep her from getting dirty.  He ate greedily, knowing Sherlock wasn’t there to tease.
Sherlock whined in the back of his throat, but stilled his body until he was doing little more than shifting his hips back and forth against the mattress.  There were tears behind his eyelids, but he pressed his face hard into the pillow to make them stay put.  If he cried, Papa would soothe and shush and ask him questions about feelings that Sherlock wouldn’t be able to answer without letting the thoughts and the questions pricking at the corners of his mind out into the open.  They were the same questions he’d had after first learning Mycroft was Bunny’s Daddy: lingering questions about betrayal, about favorites.
Neither of the Holmes brothers found holiday celebrations akin to anything but insufferable annoyances.  Usually, they managed adequate enough excuses to keep themselves from shared dinners and small talk with insidious distant relatives.  But their mother insisted on their presence at Christmas, rationalizing that they owed her at least one day of togetherness given how difficult it was to pin them down throughout the year and promising to keep things small, just the four of them.
Sherlock’s face became intense as he typed a sequence of keys furiously. He sighed in frustration, then shifted his attention to John.  “You looked peaceful.  The probability was that you were still small.”
Sherlock lay back against his pillow and nodded.  There was a flash of adult cynicism on his face which Mycroft knew had to do with Sherlock’s own self-consciousness about his wettings, but luckily the man overcame it and settled back into his younger state of mind.  “Won’t call John-John a baby, anymore,” he said.
“Can I ask you one more question before I tuck you back into bed because it’s far past your bedtime?”
Greg sighed.  “I’d asked ‘em both if they needed the loo just ten minutes before, and neither of ‘em asked for it.”
Greg and Mycroft turned to see John standing in the hallway behind them.  The man must have been listening to their conversation from the bathroom, must have watched to parse out the situation.  Despite being dressed in his bunny pajamas, the outline of a full pull-up visible beneath his pants, his manner had changed.
Greg sighed.  He  wished he’d hugged the Bunny tighter; wished he hadn’t let the little one out of his sight.  But John would cling staunchly to adulthood for as long as he felt that Sherlock was in danger.  He retained a constant need to place his boyfriend before himself, and that was not a burden John was about to pass off to others.
Bunny glanced down towards the foot well of the car and shrugged.  The kid’s arms were wrapped around himself; he looked miserable and so, so small.  Reaching behind him, Greg offered his hand, which Bunny quickly latched onto.  It made driving a bit precarious, but Greg shifted into the slow lane and drove carefully with one hand, knowing his kid and knowing that, unlike Sherlock, Bunny needed physical comfort when he was distressed.
He scrubbed at his eyes with a fist and climbed onto the bottom bunk, allowing her to spread the blanket over him.  He longed for Willa, who was out in the cold car in his suitcase, and the thought made him want to cry again. He sniffled and pulled his knees up to his chest, only half-aware that Greg's mum was untying his shoes and slipping them from his feet.
John couldn’t help but look at Greg with worry, the part of him allowing his adult mind to slip away afraid at the prospect of being without his blanket.  He sat on the edge of the bed and took his plush lion into his lap, stroking its fur.  Not having the opportunity to cuddle with his blanket, knowing he hadn't taken care to make sure she'd been out of the way when he peed his underpants, made him want her all the more.
When Mycroft opened the door, he found his little bunny hiding beneath the blankets on his bed, sheets and bedspread pulled up over his head.  He had made himself as small as possible, curled up at the top of the mattress.  Mycroft took a seat on the edge of the bed and let his hand rest on Bunny’s back over the blankets.
It was quite some time before anyone came to look for him.  He wasn’t particularly surprised; he knew Bunny would take some time to calm down and it was likely Mycroft and Papa Greg were discussing the best way to handle Sherlock’s transgressions.  But Sherlock had needed to pee since waking up that morning, had been holding it because, in the back of his mind, he knew he wanted to wet himself for attention sometime after breakfast.  Now he wasn’t sure how much longer he could go without peeing in his jeans.  It didn’t feel right to leave the closet and use the loo, not when he was in so much trouble, so he reached a hand between his legs and squeezed, hoping someone would come for him soon.
John nodded and held the phone out to Greg, who walked into the living room and spoke softly with his back to the kitchen so that John couldn’t hear the conversation he was having with Mycroft.
“We can chat more later,” Mycroft said.  He paused and took in John’s state.  “Are you feeling little?”
“No no no,” Sherlock whined, hiding his face behind Dimitri and forgetting to force himself to stay older.  “I’m not sick and Bunny’s not sick.”
Sherlock made a face but did not argue.  He did, however, bound out of the room and down the hallway, alligator clutched in his hand and pacifier bobbing in his mouth.  He knew he should probably have a plastic sheet on the bed, but that didn’t mean he had to help Uncle Greg put it on or be there to watch him place the babyish sheet on the bed.  He’d rather just pretend to be a big boy who didn’t need that.  He settled himself down in the living room, where he upended the bag of Legos Uncle Greg had brought in from the car and began building a pirate ship, one with lots of space for big boy pirates who fought and stole and went on adventures.
