But, “Yes,” Tony nods, then, quickly, “If you want to. You don’t have to.”
“I’ve got an idea to get us some breathing room if you want to actually see this exhibit.” Tony’s breath is warm on the side of Steve’s face. To anyone else, it probably looks like Tony’s brushing a kiss to his cheek. “You game?”
“Something you two have in common,” Mr. Cooper says, gestures at Steve. “I hear you both donated your suits from last week’s premier to Maria’s?”
?” Barton demands plaintively after another few minutes, voice a contrast with the sharp hiss of his bowstring.
Clint eyes him. “We wouldn’t want to interrupt your connubial bliss,” he says, and he almost sounds sincere.
Someone makes overdramatic gagging noises. Steve’s instinct is to suspect Tony, but it sounds more like Natasha.
“If Bigfoot shows up, I’m filing a complaint,” Barton announces when they get their first look at the alligators.
Before he can get distracted, or talk himself out of it, Tony pushes away from his workstation and goes Steve-hunting. Conveniently, Jarvis confirms that Steve is in the Tower, and directs Tony to find him in the penthouse library.
“I have a lot of interesting conversations with Steve,” Natasha says carefully. “You’ll have to be more specific than that.”
idea, not mine, I had nothing to do with it.”
“I figured I might as well be useful, since I’m here, rather than watch it all go down on the news,” Rhodes explains.
“Um, I don’t –” Steve trails off, staring at the keypad that’s appeared next to his palm.
It’s crossed over from late to early, though there’s still the sporadic crack and crackle of fireworks somewhere, when there’s a soft tap on Steve’s door and Tony pokes his head in. He’s still dressed in the suit and jacket he’d worn out, though he seems to have lost his tie somewhere, and the top few buttons on his shirt are open, leaving his neck bare.
Part of Tony wants to protest, because he
“Yes, Captain.” If Jarvis were a regular person, Steve would say he sounded aggrieved.
, but he doesn’t dispute it. “My goal in life,” he says, and Steve’s pretty sure it’s sarcastic, but he also thinks there’s an undercurrent of seriousness there. And, when he thinks about it, he knows Tony has been trying. Probably more than he has.
like shit, but this is what we’ve got, so I’m going to try to make it as bearable as possible, and you and Pepper throwing all this other
“You know, it means so much that you actually want to make that happen - that it matters to you,” he whispered, meeting Tony’s eye.
Maybe
“I still feel like it’s a bit of a cheat,” he confessed, playfully, “that your birthday fantasy is going to be so much fun for
thought it was a good idea, and, I don’t know… I probably should have put up more of a fight…” he trailed off, and then took a sip of his coffee.
The staircase that Tony had taken led down to a dark surveillance room.
, to see how deeply Tony understood him. Even now.
touch of Tony’s palm, barely a whisper, over the head of Steve’s touch starved and over sensitive cock.
So, he just let himself grin stupidly, thinking how clever and unusual and
“Okay – back up files and stop making me laugh.” Steve told him – already having to pinch his lips together again.
, just because you make everything look so much better than it is… I don’t know, does any of this make sense?”
wished for – had all really happened.
That should be a good thing, shouldn’t it?
Instead, he pulled his stolen vintage Captain America suit out of his bag, along with a Stark Industries Indelible Marker Pen, a single unmarked pill, and the Quantum Suit - already prepped and stored away in its Nano-Casing.
like he really didn’t have to be Captain America – he literally felt the shift in his body, as he put down the last of that burden.
“Your room is the nicest.” He answered, already looking over Tony’s shoulder to the door, expecting Tony to just turn and lead the way.
The boldness in him, that bright, brave spark that nothing could diminish.
The idea of what Tony had just done to him –
“You want to fuck me?” Bucky whispered efficiently, almost perfunctorily – because that was how it usually went. Whoever got wound up would be the person to go on top, just because it was simpler that way.
He’d moved so far away from his original plan - more than he’d meant to. More than he’d
And then he glanced over Tony’s shoulder, and saw that one of the guests had noticed them, watching them in the same mindless way she might’ve watched people dancing at a gala on earth…
even slightly pink yet, is it?” He observed, joyfully. But, much to Steve’s relief, he did pull his arm back. “
… And that was the problem. It wasn’t anything to do with where they were or what was going on here – it was the same problem he’d had for the last six months-
“Ah, merci,” he mumbled, gesturing vaguely to the nearest side table,
By nine o clock, they were both
“You know what-” Tony tried to intervene, his face twisted in outrage now, his voice just shy of a shout – but Adam still managed to talk over him.
“And I’d like to make clear – he did
...And Sam just carried on looking at the two of them like they were mad, which made the whole thing seem funnier still-
And, somewhere it occurred to him – he wasn’t consumed by all the things he wished he’d done differently, anymore. Which wasn’t to say there weren’t certain choices he’d make differently, or individual things he wished he could take back… But his past didn’t haunt him, the way it had before. The spectre of the life he didn’t lead didn’t unsettle him anymore.
“Finishing up,” he corrected, leaning forward to collect his USB stick.
Tony smiled, and gave the smallest nod, and let Steve tug his shirt up over his head. And then he pressed himself close, wanting to feel Steve’s body against his, wanting to claim every inch of him-
sorry that I was so… insensitive, when we first met. For lots of times I wasn’t really thinking about things from your point of view” Tony breathed, “I am sorry for not giving you a bit more credit when the whole thing with Bucky was happening, and for not listening more… I
But then another idea occurred to him.
And Steve
friends – and I don’t even get to know what’s going on. And then I’m just one item on the debrief, things you could’ve done better…and you’re writing to me saying you wished we agreed about the Accords.”
Tony had tried to ignore the discomfort he could see gathering in Steve’s shoulders, but eventually he found himself trailing off under the weight of it.
have him in cryo-freeze for a while… So I don’t know if that was a necessary part of his recovery, or if it would affect the information I
party…?” Steve said, sceptically. Tony pinched his lips together.
Every part of him working to keep up with this-
And then he felt Tony hands curl over his waist, firm and calm and
Rightly or wrongly, he’d felt so helpless in this thing, for so long… waiting for Steve to set the tone before he could decide what he wanted, thinking he couldn’t act until Steve did, that he couldn’t speak because Steve hadn’t… And, okay, that all sounded so silly now… But still, the idea of just being able to run with this feeling was intoxicating.
That punctured the moment, just briefly.
fair.
But he couldn’t have called and asked for forgiveness. He couldn’t have simply said he understood a thousand things that Steve hadn’t even said. He couldn’t have started by saying they could move past it – not with only that letter between them. It wasn’t even a pride thing. It just wouldn’t have worked. It would have only dealt with a tiny part of the picture. It would have left all those issues out there, waiting for them – all the revelations he was sure Steve wouldn’t have come to, if it had gone that way…
He had no idea
Bucky would keep secret, Bucky knew they were…
That even
“Just one moment” Belle smiled – expertly getting to her feet in a single fluid motion, before she took a few steps closer to the door, to gesture to someone standing just outside. And Tony knew he should probably be more concerned about that… but, to be perfectly honest, talking to Steve seemed a more effective use of this minor reprieve.
anything…so, what, you just… feel bad?”
true that Tony should be able to understand how a good man can get into that situation, that he should’ve known better than to turn Steve into a spiteful arrogant ideologue before he’d even talked to him…
And then, without really noticing, he’d finished his meal, and when he looked up he saw that Tony had also cleared his bowl.
was actually happening.
a new idea-
So that he could take a deep breath, and recentre himself.
He couldn’t
“Well, she’s seen me, anyway.” Steve mused, reaching out to take the final drink. Thinking he’d clear the table, before they took a break from this. “Do you want to go looking for her again?”
Granted, it had taken a little while to sink in.
He could focus on those tender spots along his inner thighs, and remember the bruising grip that left them.
And he
…And that was the reason none of these examples helped him now.
He felt the oddest impulse to apologise, a subconscious direction to lean over Tony, to cover him. A confusing mix of shock at himself, and shame, and pride, and exhilaration… And then he looked down over Tony’s body, laid out for him on the couch. The lines of his muscles, highlighted bronze under the lamplight. The scar in the centre of his chest, a perfect circle of raised skin decorated with a thousand silver threads, like a memorial artwork for the arc reactor. His cock, hard against his stomach…
“Ah yes, one of my top ten moments…” he mocked - trailing off when he recognised the thoughtful expression on Steve’s face. “What made you think of that?” He prompted.
“Okay,” Tony smiled.
“...Well, it sounds like a pretty good idea so far,” Tony smiled, eventually, a hint of something more in his tone-
He just knew he felt
,” Steve cut in, when he couldn’t bear it any longer.
“Of course,” he beamed – his stomach clenching at the sound of Steve’s soft little gasp. “What time do you want to come over?”
...But all of this did feel decidedly human, at least.
All those nights he’d lost, telling himself
“They were
That he wanted Tony-
“You want to come in for a while?” Tony asked.
God, he hadn’t realised just how angry he was… How angry he’d been for a long, long time. He’d been repressing that impulse more than any other, telling himself again and again that he mustn’t react emotionally, that he had to put himself aside, that there were more important things to worry about-
And he didn’t care.
He’d never felt anything like this.
related to those diaries we found in London, but I can’t say for sure,” she finished on an upward note.
To be fair to Nick, it
If it had ever existed at all…
. Objectively.
snapped and called Tony a few weeks earlier? What if he’d never come to New York in a bid to make amends - what if he hadn’t been there when Thanos minions tried to snatch the Time Stone, and Dr Strange along with it?
going to bite him…
And he didn’t know if Tony would agree with it,
, and when he figured it out…
There was a sudden spike of something – fear, excitement, shock… maybe some whole new emotion that Steve had never felt before in his life. Somehow, he was still unwilling or unable to drag his mind out of this very second, he
let that become ‘it wasn’t even
Maybe Steve
thinking about it.
Steve was distracted from his theorising before he began, when Sam murmured, and rolled over, and furrowed his brow - either trying really hard to wake up, or trying really hard not to. Steve opened his mouth to speak, and only then realised how dry his mouth was…
“Hi, sorry, I know it’s a stupid time in the morning,” Bucky started, apologetically. “But, you said to call immediately if I felt any pain in the arm…?”
Steve didn’t have to stop
But he didn’t give moving much thought just yet, because he was simply too happy where he was. He just let his head rest on Steve’s shoulder, and pressed gentle kisses to his chest, and traced mindless patterns over his skin… And Steve sighed, and ran strands of Tony’s hair over his fingers, and caressed his hand over Tony’s back-
Watching Steve let go of it,
Pepper blinked at him, very briefly taken aback. Tony knew that it was in her nature to push that question, to demand an answer before she carried on… But apparently something in Tony’s voice had given her pause. Warned her not to fight him.
Which might have worked, if Bucky weren’t so determined to encourage his new crush.
, the way he was talking. I’ve listened to so many
“And really, you would think all of that would’ve helped me see them doing it to you, the first time around. You’d have thought I would’ve been angry about this sooner… So, you know, I’m sorry for that…”
And he saw Tony’s smile melt into something different...Something softer and… deeper.
want to hurt Steve… But he did want to
“Well, don’t think you’ve weaselled out of our big conversation, because you haven’t,” Bucky sighed, glancing down at his phone. “We’re back late tomorrow night, so
mean listening to him when he said he wanted both of these things? Or being the responsible one, and saying it had to be one or the other? That Steve couldn’t be in a personal relationship with someone he was obliged to like that. That Tony couldn’t involve Steve in this dangerous, unknown world of vampirism if he was going to be anything like his boyfriend…
He just had the strangest feeling that he didn’t want to shut it down.
Steve would look at him, if Tony ever showed him what it meant.
And he lamented that he had to take his hands off of Steve to demonstrate, but he was having serious problems finding his words. So, he held out his left hand, somewhere down near their waists,
This warm,
His vampire.
of actually wearing it-
Which was odd, actually, because Steve drank before he and Tony went out to the gala, and even at the most conservative estimate, that should’ve held him for at least a few days…
liked that, then.
But now, it was like he was just cut free of
, right now? Who did he dress for usually? Did he even
Peppers mouth literally fell open.
“Excuse me?” He challenged, the anger flaring up again as he glanced between them.
Tony’s shoulders slumped as he begrudgingly went through his list of commitments again.
enough to think of something else. For being emotionally intelligent enough to know why it mattered – even though he’d been raised in an era that wasn’t, apparently.
...And now he was just
…Just how amazingly well Steve
Steve had barely made it into the house before Tony was throwing his arms around him and burying his face in his neck.
“Oh! Oh, okay, that’s - that's…” Tony stuttered, instinctively moving so that he could grab for Steve’s shoulders… Finding himself cradled, bridal style, against Steve’s chest. Their eyes met. “...That’s incredibly hot,” he finished, weakly.
“Not to me,” Steve muttered.
. Beyond horrible. He didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
Disorganised and ineffective attempts to collect information-
He just
“I’m sorry, I really wasn’t expecting you to say that,” Tony giggled, his whole body still alive with laughter, his eyes shining and his lips curved into the prettiest smile…
Pepper behaved extremely well on the occasion, with great self-command. What strength of character she showed to betray no excitement or hope in the event of a sad death! Antonia was gratified to see it, to observe such proof of her strengthened character from her dalliance with Mr Hammer.
Steve puts down the cardboard he holds in his hands, Sam once distracted is like a dog with a bone, so until Sam is satisfied he's had Steve's undivided attention, Steve isn't getting anything else done.
, he says, “Now are you going to show me why I’m paying you the big bucks?”
Steve’s saved from answering when Sam chooses this very moment to startle awake with a gasp, “Guys, don’t panic. But I think Shield’s turned into a car.” He mumbles, and Steve huffs a laugh.
There is nothing memorable about this day.
By the time they are settled, and Steve’s fetched the popcorn, Clint is back on the sofa – sprawled across it. Natasha has brought through some hairbands, saying she’s “saving them for later”. Which turns out to be correct as before the opening credits have even began to roll, Thor wanders in and screams slightly girlish delight at the prospect of a “night of these moving pictures together as brethren!” and immediately takes the space between Natasha’s legs on the floor. She begins to comb through and braid his long hair, and the demi-god who by day wields a hammer and holds lightning to his beck and call sits quietly with his eyes half closed as the spy gently brushes through his hair and he ends up having a Russian braid down one side of his hair and several hairclips down the other. The room goes deathly silent when she starts singing softly, a Russian lullaby, her voice clear and crisp and pure, and when she finishes Thor reaches up and grabs hold of her hand tightly.
“You speak of Mr. Barton and Miss Romanov?” A flutter of pleasure at such tender consideration coiled in her skin, sending a rush of heat up the arm held in his own.
Antonia hated to find her voice
“I have reason to think,” he replied, “That Virginia Potts will soon have an offer of marriage from James Rhodes. He is desperately in love with your Miss Potts and means to marry her. He came to me for advice, as he knows I have a thorough regard for him and all his family. He came to ask me whether he thought it imprudent to settle so early, but seemed utterly transfixed by your Miss Potts. He always speaks with such purpose; open and straightforward with good judgement. An excellent man, and despite my doubts of the match I gave my blessing. I must say I’m surprised your friend has been able to keep the good news to herself. I thought he must of spoken to her yesterday, he was so wonderfully determined.”
“I will not be drawn in by this gossip. It is not in his nature to be so secretive.”
Antonia’s wonder lessened somewhat, with something akin to horror, upon seeing Mr. Hammer sauntering about. He would not ask Pepper to dance if it were possible to be avoided; she was sure he would not – and she was expecting him every moment to escape into the card-room.
“Or that straight.” Tony laughs but the last word comes out as a moan as Steve reaches a hand forward to jack him off so painfully slowly.
Mr. Hammer swallows another mouthful of the wine that has not strayed from his hand all evening, and brushes past her query with no more than a shake of his head, “I hope, Mrs. Marvel, that you – like myself – have been urging Miss Stark not to go within half a mile of May’s when there is a chance of catching infection. Her health is absolutely paramount. So considerate of others, whilst never taking care of herself. Is this fair, Mrs. Stark? Have I not the right to complain?” his tone grows soft, intimate like that of a would-be lover and Antonia coughs awkwardly, ignoring the stares of the room. Though she tried to laugh it off and bring the subject back into its proper course, there was no putting an end to his extreme solicitude about her, vexing her just so. It did appear exactly like the pretence of being in love with
If she could be convinced that he would never marry at all, she believed she could be heartbroken but perfectly satisfied that they would remain a spinster and a cantankerous bachelor in friendship until the end. She was aware now, that she would never take another, not when she was so brought so intimately to the conclusion that she loved him. And so if he did the same, the same Captain Rogers to the world, stayed at Donwell and visited often as he was wont to do, she could bear it. She’d make sure of it.
‘For sure, this would have soon led to something far more invigorating,’ she told herself, ‘If I could have only kept longer away!’
I think you are a marvel, T.
“He’s seven beers in Clint, what do you expect.” Bruce interjects, throwing a screwed up ball of paper that was probably once the page of a contract across the room at Bucky’s chest. He catches it lazily, spinning it around in one hand before throwing it back with force at the offender. Bruce catches it in his jaw with a yowl.
The pair smile fondly, look at Tony as though he’s mad. “Kinda counting on that, boss.” Happy speaks first, grinning wildly and Tony has a moment to realise that this chaotic household was difficult for them too. He doesn’t have long before he hears the whine of an oh-so familiar engine, heart in his mouth.
The air becomes thick, and Steve stops the massage of Tony’s shoulder, coming round to kneel by his legs with a fluid grace. “Hmm - you phoned an escort service, I imagine. You can afford the best and you wanted someone who would look simply stunning on your arm. You would have specified taller than you, well built, cause you like someone who looks like they can take you apart and bend you in half. They’d have been a bit surprised, the service is used to weak men who want someone breakable so they feel stronger. Not you, you like someone powerful to hold you down with one hand and make you take it. I was perfect.”
But regardless, his friends are far from the normal type of people. Whether it’s their collective upbringing and career path, or that Steve seems to collect people just this side of crazy, he has no idea. He knows he couldn’t live without them, but occasionally he has to repeat this as a mantra through gritted teeth as they do something stupid for the fifth time that day. So he knows that when he heads to Stark Inc the next day that this is far from over, and his lizardlike brain is simply screaming
“Hi honey.” It’s Steve, in all his gorgeous glory, in his pressed officer’s uniform, hat perched across crisp blond hair. He’s dangerously attractive like this, the kind that could ruin Tony, bring him to his knees if he so much as asks. Good thing Steve never would, hair light up by the exit light behind him, giving him an orange godly glow that makes even the non-believer in Tony want to drop to his knees and pray.
in the back of his mind. Every hit Steve takes Tony can feel under his skin, feel his blood thrum with it, with the unseen caveman want to protect his mate to the ends of the earth.
“Okay. I’ll see what I can do.” She gives him a lopsided sort of smile.
“That would be good,” Steve admits, after what might be too long a pause, but Tony doesn’t call him on that, either, and Steve watches as his shoulders drop half an inch, like he’d been tensed for another response entirely.
“Agent Romanoff is in the gym, Sir,” Jarvis replies promptly.
– and then wouldn’t accept one from Steve, and things might be
knows that. But the board will ask anyway. And I need you to
“Captain Rogers has not yet been to his private apartment,” Jarvis replies. “Nor has he enquired about it. My understanding is that he is meant to live in the penthouse with you for the duration of your marriage?” the end comes out as a question.
Terrified shrieking is not a sound Tony ever wants to hear, but when they make it into the tunnels, he has to quash the urge to do a little shrieking himself. The rats – if they can be called rats – are roughly the size of mastiffs, and about as friendly as wolverines, beady red eyes glowing malevolently in the cheap underground lights.
“You, too?” he asks when Tony acknowledges him with a quick jerk of his head.
bit with a twelve-foot pole.
The sound of Barton cursing cuts off on the comm, but he’s still going when Tony lands next to him and Natasha after completing a final scan of the building.
“Sir has had two smoothies, a slice of Veggie Delight pizza, half a carton of chicken lo mein, and a number of cups of coffee which I am expressly not allowed to divulge,” Jarvis reels off. He sounds as distinctly displeased as Pepper. Tony really needs to do something about that.
Ms. Potts’s face goes through several rapid expressions before settling into something oddly blank. “You’re asking Tony to go to dinner? Now?”
This might be one of those times when he needs to at least try to sleep, though, if his inability to muster any surprise at the giant blond demi-god sitting at his breakfast bar is any indication.
Clint had said that was a good thing, when Steve had brought it up one night when neither of them could sleep. They’d been out on the landing pad, not really talking much, just watching the city lights. Steve had been sketching, then, too, and it had felt like a confession when he’d said it.
“Sorry,” Steve offers a rueful smile and holds up the offending book in explanation. “Didn’t mean to startle you.”
“Before what?”
“The makeup girl. She can’t have been half your age.”
Steve almost says that’s exactly what he’d like not to do, when he realizes Jarvis doesn’t mean the penthouse, or his room there, even though that’s where Steve’s been living since he moved to the Tower. He hasn’t thought about the apartment Tony set aside for him, as he’d done for the others, hadn’t been a hundred percent sure until this moment there even was one, though why Tony would have apartments for everyone but him, he’s not sure – if nothing else, Tony has never been petty in that way. “I’ve never seen it,” Steve admits, unnecessarily, since Jarvis would know if he had. “Could you take me there?”
Steve blinks. “Yes,” he says slowly. “But I’m not quite sure how you think I could hurt Tony. I know we fight a lot, but I wouldn’t –”
Tony’s forehead crinkles. “Wrong?” he asks. “Are we talking generals, here? National, international, intergalactic? You’ve got to give me more to work with, here. Are you hearing noises? Feeling weird tingles in your brain? Growing numbness in your hands or feet? How about –”
“But that’s –”
Tony makes a face. “If I’m not, it’s my own damn fault. Cap’n Crunch is too perfect to cause any problems.”
Steve is still seething when they get to the studio. He hadn’t seen Tony since he’d left him in the library the day before, and the picture-show smile Tony had greeted him with when they’d gotten in the car together set his teeth on edge. They hadn’t spoken, Tony too busy with his phone, and Steve staring out the window, watching the city slide by outside the tinted windows.
“Oh, she loved it. Wouldn’t have given it up for anything. But it wasn’t
’m taking?” and there goes Tony’s bet about wanting to crack Steve right in the face. It’s extra infuriating that Steve is exceptionally stunning when he’s angry. “When’s the last time you paid for anything you ate? Rent? Heat? You live in my Tower, eat my food, use my tech. Even the ugly damn clothes on your back are clothes I paid for. You had nothing when you came out of the ice, and you’ve got nothing now, so don’t you dare talk about what
“Do it,” Tony tells her. “It will blow over. An old affair won’t hold anyone’s attention long.”
–” Clint starts, but.
“Can’t sleep?” she asks, moving to pick up a water bottle that had been resting just out of reach.
fine. We may even end up getting along after all of this. That’s a good thing, right?”
“I wouldn’t have brought it up if I didn’t.” Steve sounds so earnest, and, fuck, Tony
“Right.” Tony beats a hasty retreat back into the hallway and out to the landing pad. “On a scale of one to Hulk on a bad day, how upset is the Star-Spangled Man that he isn’t the one making the plan?” he asks Jarvis.
Rhodes makes an irritated noise, then reaches out and wraps an arm across Tony’s chest, tugging him away with the grating sound of metal on metal. “Why don’t you go handle the press, Tones?” he suggests. “They’re piling up at the barrier SHIELD’s put up by Columbus Circle.”
“Yeah,” Steve steps into the room. “Nice weather. Bagels?” He puts the bag on the bar, glad he got the full dozen, and relieved he hadn’t pushed himself hard enough to be sweating much.
“If that’s sorted, then we’re all done here,” Coulson says, picking up his pile of papers in one hand, and his breakfast plate in the other. “See you all in a few days.” He puts the plate in the sink, and then vanishes down the hallway to the elevator.
Steve scoffs. “Maybe if you’d been less of an arrogant brat, your father would have liked you better.”
She eyes him for another minute, then nods, seemingly satisfied. “Tony shouldn’t be much longer, if he hasn’t gotten too distracted. I think it’s lovely that you want to take him out for dinner.”
Steve’s grin stretches even wider for a moment, and then he’s laughing, not loudly enough to get the attention of anyone not already watching them, but clearly pleased with himself. Tony wants to bask in it. It’s possible this was a bad idea.
It’s not meant to be insulting, Tony really doesn’t want Steve to worry about it. He’d also really like to not get into anything just now. The press have been extra ravenous since the wedding – clamoring for pictures, political and religious views, and details of their sex life in fairly equal measure, regardless of whether they’re at a charity concert at the Kennedy Center in DC, or dealing with the aftermath of a bridge collapse in Missouri – and he just wants to deal with them and get home. The longer he stands here, the more aware he is of the aches of bruises waiting to pop out, as well as the sting of those minor abrasions, and he really wants a chance to soak in the hottest water he can handle before he has to go back to the office to deal with everything he skipped out on.
Steve smirks at him, leans down to press a kiss against Tony’s temple. “We have an audience,” he murmurs, warm breath washing over Tony’s skin, making him shiver.
There’s silence from across the table.
The shield is absolutely useless, he can’t let it fly in his signature move because it sticks to the animal’s bloody and broken skin and so instead he’s wielding a lamppost in one hand, swinging it hard enough to break bone and every time it connects the animal screeches so hard it makes Steve wince. He’s tiring though, the post a dead weight in his hand, and the animals aren’t falling as quickly as they’d hoped. The Avengers sluggishly advance, and by the time there is only three left each one of the team are absolutely shattered. Thor and Clint are working together to bring one down whilst Natasha and Hulk make another scream in pain, and Steve and Tony are solid in defense against the last. They work synonymously with each other, their moves mirroring the others without even having to think twice.
Tony knows then, that he’ll lay waste to this world before he bares his soulmark to anyone but it’s intended.
“Surely yes! I have been scheming for the past six months now. It will be my greatest success.”
Actually, that last one they are all pretty proud of. Especially Clint.
“Oh please don’t tell me – don’t speak it!” Antonia blurted out, eyes blurry, tone hitting a note of panic that she could not rein in, “Take time before you commit yourself because once said things cannot be unsaid!”
Steven took his seat, finally reclaimed from Clint Barton’s affections, beside Antonia, sitting sentry. She was as joyful as ever, a ball of leashed energy and affection, eyes alight. Unfortunately, Clint Barton sat on the other side, and whispered into Antonia’s ears every second moment, a move intimate that set Steven’s teeth to grinding so loud he was surprised the room could not hear it. The rest of the party got comfortable, pulling out a game of letters.
“If you were as much guided by nature in your estimate of men and woman, and as little under the power of fancy and whim in your dealings with them, as you are where these children are concerned, we might always think alike.”
“What an inference! He wishes exceedingly to come, his letters speak at length of his desire; but his uncle and aunt will not spare him.”
“Yes, through my time served in the infantry it was discovered I had an affinity for languages and it was quickly put to good use. I do believe however, that myself and Miss Stark have some business to attend to, do excuse us.” Taking hold of Antonia’s elbow, he steers the pair of out the room and down the corridor.
Steve wakes, for the first time in a while, with a dying scream on his lips and sweat beading across his forehead. He chokes out a, “Bucky –
“I tried, I offered her the use of the carriage. I could not have been more concerned even if I
“Bruce and Betty? Surely not.”
“I am angry.” She says, blunt and with no emotion. “I am angry at myself that Clint fell, and that I did not see it coming. But we cannot be angry for things we cannot change, do you understand? You cannot take on the weight of the world and hope to not wear yourself out Steve.” her voice is quiet, as if she was trying not to spook a skittish foal.
“But,” she says, slowly as the words form, “I was not in love with him. But how was he supposed to know that? I may have escaped, but this does not acquit
“Nothing.” He lets the words rush out at once, “nothing. Tony you did nothing. Tony you were, you were everything. When I woke up, I never felt like I left the ice. Everything was so cold, and I just thought that it was fine, I could cope limping through this life so long as I had a job to do, so long as I didn’t look too closely at the world I was protecting because I wasn’t sure I’d like what I would find.” And maybe it’s the dregs of the nightmare, maybe it’s the sight of so much of Tony’s skin, the look in Tony’s eyes, that has him confessing like sins to an altar. “But you. You made me feel again, you gave me a home. You gave me a purpose, gave me a reason I wanted to suit up and fight and do whatever it took. Because even if we were losing, we’d do that together. And I found that I didn’t mind that. I didn’t even mind the thought of losing, if you were by my side.”
And oh Steve does. He looks his fill, dragging his eyes down his frame in a way that makes him bold, pushing the boundaries of what’s acceptable. He doesn’t miss how Tony’s eyes kindle in return, “yeah. Good different.”
“You will certainly get no sensible advice from her!” Antonia hissed, and Clint waved her off with a impudent grin.
Mr. Banner smiled, and replied.
Sarah hands in her notice not an hour later, claims she’s going to get back into her true passion - nursing. Rhodey’s mother, a charge nurse in Brooklyn, puts in a good word. She starts a week later, and any trace of her working for Howard is silently wiped from all possible history.
“It won’t matter.” Steve leans back and cradles Tony’s face in between his hands, “
Ah my darling oblivious idiots!
Tony’s fifteen, eleven months, twenty nine days, 23 hours old, and he’s frightened. He’s home for a break after his first year exams, weary and sleep-deprived.
“He still doesn’t look very well, does he? I suppose an IED will do that to a person.” Obie muses, “You think he’s up for what the media will paint him as?” He asks, and Howard cocks his head, calculating and listening, “An opportunistic gold digger? You think we can’t paint him and his family however we like?”
Next time, when Steve reaches for the light and Tony stops him with quivering fingers, he turns and softens when he sees the fear in Tony’s eyes.
the best in the business.”
“Whilst my memory is jogged,” said Clint Barton to Mrs. Marvel presently, “what became of Mr. Odinson’s plan of setting up a carriage?”
as Mrs Hammer would call it, selection of cold meats and hot pies for the group to nibble on accompanied by fresh lemonade. The party were to go out once more to view what had not already been seen, the Abbey fish ponds, the clover fields, the stables. Donwell was large enough that if not well cared for the expanse would have felt oppressive, or dull, but Steven cared for it greatly and its good care and liveliness was felt throughout the grounds. Before this second looking over was begun, however, Antonia walked into the hall for the sake of a few moments free observation of the entrance and groundplot, hardly there before Natasha Romanov appeared.
Antonia was giddy now, having to rein in her thoughts of how everything was coming together, how romantic this was of rescue paving the way for love! “Oh Pepper! I am not surprised the service he rendered was enough to warm your heart!”
Tony’s eyes are fond, warm, steady. “Bedroom’s up to the right.” He says, and Steve nods once, before stepping back into Tony’s space with a quick ease, mouth capturing his. He’s gentle at first, grinding into him with a quick dry thrust that has them both gasping against each other. He paws at the other man’s ass, before tracking his hands further down and before Tony can question it, lifts him quick and clean into his arms leaving Tony little else to do but wrap his legs round Steve and cling on.
we will not speak his name.”
Steves not surprised, and clearly this lack of shock must translate to his face because Stark pauses and looks confused, before powering on.
“I never in my life saw a man more intent on being agreeable than Mr. Hammer. With men he can be rational and unaffected, but when he has ladies to please, every feature works.”
ill – yet they are delighted to forgive him!” Running out of steam, he adds quietly, “Fortunate man indeed.”
“I told him I was not about to turn Miss Romanov into Mrs Rogers. She would not take me if I asked her.” Antonia snorted at this, shaking her head incredulously like the thought of denying Captain Rogers was beyond her, “I like Natasha, and think she is a fine young woman, I admire her. But she’s reserved – more so than she used to be. And I like an open temperament. Until Cage mentioned it the thought had not even entered my head. But I do believe I gave no indication that such rumours were true, yet I cannot shake the feeling that Clint Barton does not do the same with regards to Miss Romanov.”
” He flashes Tony a quick look of disgust and
“Well,” said Mrs. Marvel, smiling, “you give him more credit for simple kindness than I do, for while Miss Hill was speaking, a suspicion dated into my head, and I have never been able to get it out again. The more I ruminate on it, the more probable it appears. In short, I have made a match between Captain Rogers and Miss Romanov. What do you say to it?”
“Forgive me, Miss. Stark, Mrs. Stark.” He bowed so low Antonia could see the patch of thinned hair at the tip of his crown, making sure to hide her smirk before addressing the room, “But I was delayed in the village on the errand of one whose business I hold only
“Brought you a book from the Donwell library.” He handed it to her, taking care to turn the page to one particular sketch he known she’d find enjoyable.
“How was my old friend?” Mrs Stark asks, “Antonia was up and about very early this morning to visit Miss. Hill.” She explains to Steven.
They stroll lazily, shedding clothes as they walk, until they connect together in the centre of the room. Tony reaches past him, switching the water onto Steve’s favourite setting (and Steve is again struck by how
Tony classifies this time as Time Steve Spends with His Eyes Not Fixed on Tony (aka periods of time when Tony is Really Fucking Stressed and You Should Stay Away). He busies himself with keeping his lover tidy. He’ll shave his face, cut his hair and wash his chest with an intimacy that leaves anyone else feel like they are intruding. When Steve wakes, it is always to Tony, and the smile he graces him with makes the protests Tony has phrased in his head die on his lips.
“My friends are idiots.” He replies quick, “but thank you. We’ve known each other years. Sometimes it feels like centuries.”
“So-“
“If I’d have known you could put in a performance like that, I’d have let you right then and there, Howard’s feelings be damned.”
She looked back to Miss Potts, oh gorgeous Pepper. A stunning figure she struck, alone in her cream lace dress, the white bow Antonia had helped tie affixed in her hair. Her eyes were not as bright now, and tears trembled in the orbs as she stared down to her feet. If Antonia was not engaged already in dancing it would be all she could do but rush towards her and comfort her. A dance was a social occasion, and the fact Miss Potts had not been asked for a dance once, even by a married man, would be the talk of the ton on the morrow. Oh the horror of Mr. Hammer’s rebuke!
“You are much mistaken, sir! I
“Aunt!”
Steve tunes out the white noise of Sam jostling around for his phone, instead taking in the man Sam pointed out. He's good looking, in a cultured and groomed kind of way. Steve's tastes normally run a bit more... rugged, but there is something the leashed ability, the elegance of the man. The Van Dyke he sports would look ridiculous on anyone else, but he pulls it off with an effortless ability. His body, or what Steve can see of it, looks lithe and muscular, all angles Steve aches to stretch and sketch out. His salt-and-pepper hair only serves to make him look distinguished, aged like a fine wine that has been meticulously maintained.
Steve visibly wilted away from that image, closing his eyes and throwing his head back, tears streaming down his face now… And, yeah, that’s what he would’ve done, in a fantasy. It still didn’t occur to Tony that this meant Steve
saying… I just… thought I did. And, because I already thought I
of counterpoints, suddenly delirious that this might be their chance to shine – that he might finally have a reason to correct all of that.
it. More than any serum induced arousal had ever triggered in him… or just entirely different to, maybe.
But he had this idea that he should wait until he was with Tony
these words were meaningless, and wrong, and meant to upset him. He knew that he could answer every one of these points, and that Adam wouldn’t listen, and that it wouldn’t matter anyway – he didn’t care what
And Tony did feel like he knew him.
It took a few seconds for Steve to blink himself awake. He could hear the soft rhythm of footsteps, as whoever had turned the radio on walked out of the room. Steve kept himself perfectly still until he heard the door close behind them – just allowing a few more seconds to himself, really.
Partly because… well, yes, sort of. More than, even. Steve had asked him to share a far deeper commitment - and Tony had said yes.
Tony swallowed down his many questions and objections for fear of what might slip out after them - which left him with an awful lot of words in his head.
… like he was looking at individual colours and shapes and objects instead of the scene as a whole…
, at the time. At the time, Tony was simply pleased that Steve felt comfortable enough to talk about it, and maybe intrigued about Steve’s sexual history – amused by some of the anecdotes, without further consideration. He might even have been a little bit smug, when Steve told him about the
. I don’t want to have to tell him no… I don’t know if I trust myself to tell him no, which really means I don’t trust myself not to hurt him. And if he just got caught in the moment, or if he just thought it would be fun or just thought I was hot, or whatever… Then hey, maybe that could’ve just been a thing that happened. And maybe it could just have been… good at the time, and maybe that’d be something, however much it hurt afterwards. But if he wants to keep doing this… If he somehow thinks that we could just get to know each other better, or there’s somewhere to ‘see where it goes’… That just makes the whole thing even more complicated. And… dangerous.”
Steve drew in a scalding breath, and used his other hand to get hold of Tony by the hip, dragging him into position, so that Tony was straddling him.
just try being honest, for once. With himself. With Tony. He could
His stomach gave a loud, low growl, and Tony glanced down to shoot it a withering look.
And he just kept falling.
, for whatever this ‘consort effect’ was…
Even though it wasn’t his fault that he was running late, even though he had already messaged to say that his previous meeting had over run, even though Maria Hill had already sent a cheerful ‘no worries’ in response-
the idea that he could be good for Steve. That he could provide something to this relationship, that he could somehow balance this overwhelming dept he felt to Steve right now.
having a bad trip, are you?”
And then, when there can’t have been more than a few minutes left to go, Steve saw one of the guards move. He looked up just as she put her hand to her ear, and glanced at her partner…
And then he saw the way Dr Stape flinched from the word-
He wanted to be kind to Steve.
I mean, we're not *far* off...
, talk like that – the way he was citing percentages and relevant comparisons and control groups. It was exactly like listening to a scientist explain this place, after
they understood that, that they were just interested in what else there was to know… And then, one day, they came in their thousands. With guns, and bombs – and chemicals.”
“That
At some point between the hall and Tony’s bedroom, they’d stepped into a different space entirely. Or a higher space, maybe. Because all those other reactions and priorities were all still there – how much Steve loved Tony, and how much he wanted Tony, and how happy Steve was, were all still a part of this moment. But now it was like Steve could see
“Okay,” Tony decided, after a few deep trembling breaths. “Okay-” Was cut off by another smirk, and a heroic attempt to swallow it down. “
“...Yeah, you might be screwed on that one,” he conceded.
For now, he wiped the tears from his face and let his expression settle into that dazed smile again, before he glanced back at Bucky’s chamber.
“Perhaps you’d like to say something?” He suggested, under his breath.
in the shocked outrage that froze on Nick’s face, when he finally saw Steve sitting on his couch.
But Stape was already shaking his head-
Steve felt a frisson of heat under his skin. A growing frustration at this circular argument, the build up of everything he wasn’t letting himself express.
He heard a sharp gasp as everyone tried to take a step backwards, the guards at the back realising – a second after Tony – that they didn’t have a clean shot.
breaking down, just once. He could admit to himself that he was scared and confused and not sure he liked himself very much. He could admit to Tony that he was sorry, he could just tell Tony that he still didn’t support the Accords and he still didn’t blame Bucky – but that he loved Tony anyway, with every inch of his being. What would happen if he did all that? Would the world really end?
he focused on Tony’s face-
– is that I can handle anything that might happen. But what I won’t be able to handle is if this…breaks you. If this is beyond your line, and we let it happen anyway, and then afterwards you… can’t deal, with this. So. I need you to be honest with me Steve. It doesn’t matter what my line is. I need to know what
...But Tony didn’t put the paper back.
“How come?” Tony asked, giving his hologram one final look over before he closed it down.
And he wasn’t sorry that Steve had to be the priority, today.
And if he said that?
…But not right now.
,” Pepper told him, putting her hand to his arm again.
“I was thinking – so, you know…there were a lot of things, I, uh, phrased very badly, last night?” Tony went on, a bit more softly – giving his equipment one final glance over before he shuffled back from it, to sit closer “I just… So, I
The voices.
And then a thought occurred to him.
And then he felt Bucky pull him into position, pausing just long enough to whisper,
exactly… But it felt like the sort of thing a psychologist could string together for him.
And Steve smiled, because… well, this was the
“I’ve missed you.”
Those risks would probably be fewer, if the rest of The Avengers were here. That moral obligation would be shared, if not lessened, if they called their superiors and followed correct protocol. But, even as Tony was thinking that, a whole
digits, thank you” Tony informed him, finally letting himself smile.
points if he was asked right now.
write one myself, I actually find myself thinking that it doesn’t sound right – like, trying to write in the Tony Stark voice that people know…” He knew he
at least mean I didn’t have to worry about whether to kill them, later…”
And the actions of his father had changed him, of course they had. The presence of the worlds media, from the moment he was born. The pressure and responsibility and expectation put on him from such a young age. The traumas that came at the hands of people he’d trusted. All of it had shaped those qualities, and worn parts of him down, and forced him to find ways to dodge and deflect and hide-
Steve literally held his breath, as he frantically flicked through all the potential responses to that…
“Or we’re like the sacrifice at the end, like in the Wicker Man,” Nat carried on.
“Who?” Sam asked.
“Mine.”
In an instant, Steve could see back over months and months with Tony, suddenly recognising that slow process of committing to him. That this devotion wasn’t something Steve had pledged on sight, or been saving for a specific moment… That this feeling had grown slowly, as Steve saw more of the Tony, as they shared more with each other. That Steve had been giving himself to Tony, piece by piece, for weeks now…
He was forever catching Steve out with a sudden swerve in the conversation, an unexpected observation, a perfectly relevant question that still seemed to come out of left field-
And then Tony sucked hard, dragging the blood up through Steve’s body, physically ripping that pressure clean out of him. It was like a damn bursting. Suddenly all this excess feeling, all that pleasure and pain and longing, just rushed free of him, breaking him open at this point of entry. He lost himself completely, swept away on this tidal wave of sensation, helpless against the sheer abundance of perfect, limitless pleasure.
He felt Tony jerk against him, his body twitching, tightening around Steve’s cock, suddenly just pushing against him, pushing him deeper,
what Tony was… but they all suddenly seemed to fit into what Tony already
It seemed to take forever, and no time at all, before his hand was up against the door. He allowed himself half a second to brace before he pushed it open and stepped into the unknown-
“Yes, for you.” Steve smiled. “And, honestly, if I was talking to anyone else on earth, I’d think twice about trying to explain it… But it’s you. So, I’m going to tell you exactly what happened, and then, if you’ll let me, I’ll do my best to explain how...and why,” and again, he waited.
He saw that Tony
He’d never found the words for it.
...The fact that he
Tony let a heavy palm fall onto Steve’s shoulder, and gently pressed his fingertips to the delicate hollow under Steve’s collarbone.
It could actually be
showcase, but you want
And that rang a bell.
...That he
He recognised the genuine reactions that people had tried to rationalise with bad science.
No one knew firearms like Tony Stark.
That tiny splinter of time when all Tony cared about was whether Steve was okay, making
He thought back to his first mission with Natasha… To the fact that he wasn’t entirely sure if he liked her
“So, you like him then?” Rhodey asked outright.
thrown his hands over his eyes. Luckily it had been too dark in that room for their guide to notice… But Tony got the impression Steve wouldn’t appreciate being told that all this wasn’t that extreme-
, that he wanted
happen during regular life, in the real world, now did it?” Tony sighed.
in the mood for this, for even thinking about this-
Steve glanced back at the card, running his thumb over the embossed logo on the back. He thought of what it would
Tony telling him it was okay if he talked about Bucky – oh, why the fuck had they been talking about Bucky? What had he said?
His heart began to beat harder rather than faster, until he could feel it in his spine.
“Hm,” Tony answered, still trying to moisten his tongue.
“Oh my God, but really, you
After a hundred pages or so, Steve was so deeply calmed by what he’d read that he started to daydream again. This thing that had once held such power over him was reduced to a mild distraction for him to run his eyes over, while he mused about other things…
Steve had been determined to protect Tony from the consequences of it, this time. So careful to make sure Tony wouldn’t be held responsible for any of it, that it wouldn’t cost him anything - that his feelings wouldn’t get hurt, this time…
Tony break this impossible anxiety into problems and tasks and solutions was… somewhat overwhelming, amongst other things.
And there
what he was saying – that wasn’t the point of what he was saying, anyway.
change Tony’s opinion of whether this thing could work. That’s the bit where it mattered, knowing how Steve felt about him.
“I’m flattered,” Tony shot back - and might’ve added a few more retorts for good measure, if Pepper hadn’t intervened.
“Hey,” he said, softly. And he heard Steve take a little breath, and he could swear he felt his heart clench.
to tell Tony the truth. An ominous sadness that had grown heavier with every detail Steve read, and every worst case scenario he dreamed up, until it had crushed every optimistic or pleasant thought out of his head-
He could feel his own heart beating hard against his ribs.
“Steve,” Tony growled against Steve’s skin. A thousand sparks of searing heat trembled through him, that now-faded bite wound still sensitive-
So he began sorting the documents into piles, giving the task very little attention… having already moved on to daydreams about Steve, and plans for later that night…
“I love you,” Steve whispered back. And he saw Tony hear it. He saw the way Tony’s eyes lit up, the smile that warmed through his entire body – Steve saw how much it meant, he felt it, and he
“Oh, I do,” Tony cut in, his voice low and dark, his gaze focusing intently on Steve’s throat.
“We work in a number of areas – but we’re not interested in world domination, or mass murder, or any of the plots you usually work against.”
...And they
Steve groaned softly and rubbed his eyes before he took a proper look around. There was a vague sense of relief when he spotted Bucky, curled up in an oversized armchair in the corner of the room, and Sam, passed out on the other couch.
Steve was fairly sure he
For a good few seconds, everyone fixed him a silent, glassy eyed stare. It was Pepper who finally spoke for the group.
“Okay, you know what, I need a plan for this,” Tony announced, confidently.
finished berating himself for this…
“Did you get anything?” Steve murmured, finally giving himself permission to look away.
“I think we can assume we’ll be shooting to kill,” Steve replied, coolly.
17. We Found Love - Rihanna ft Calvin Harris
what he wanted, how good it would feel, that he belonged to Tony and was supposed to belong to Tony and
He’d always told himself that he could never say
that he did already know that Steve was the most beautiful man on earth, so really, he should’ve been better prepared for this…
“...Are you okay?” Tony asked, his brow creasing in concern.
“Oh, uh, yeah, thank you,” he nodded… Mainly because he knew that meant that Tony would come back with it…
And Steve even went back to those awful, endless moments when he thought that Tony was dying. He remembered every fear and plea and promise that went through his mind, he let himself recall  the injustice and the pain and the grief…
Steve sighed impatiently,
. “And I have the other two”
of anything… But Tony hadn’t told him to.
“I know” Tony cut him off, kindly. “Actually, I think, as it turns out, you’re probably
carefully - willing himself not to smile.
All of which had seemed very sensible back when he started, four hours ago. Steve had really believed he was simply doing some necessary preparation, being as organised as he would usually be – that he wasn’t thinking anything more about it than that. Until he started running out of things to do. Then, slowly, he began to recognise that maybe this whole thing had been driven by more than a sense of duty… That maybe he was just a little bit anxious.
It was a large, open plan space, minimalist and white in that way expensive kitchens tended to be without thinking. The whole of one wall was taken up by the wide countertop that Steve was standing at, with a glistening six burner gas range built seamlessly into the surface. Behind him there was an island, with a deep sink… and several glass jars of shimmering, brightly coloured liquid, which looked decorative rather than functional. He smiled, feeling like he’d found a personal detail to file away. And then he glanced over to his left, to the tall, chrome refrigerator – the flyer stuck to the door with a Stark Industries magnet.
Something dangerous.
Tony realised now that he didn’t
In the last few days, Tony had
In case some particular plan or argument required him to be something else…
to listen to it…”
“And there were plenty of things you could’ve done differently, and still not signed The Accords, and still prioritised Bucky. You didn’t
Soft.
The silly jokes they’d shared when they were getting dressed in the morning.
When he’d first remembered Obie telling him,
3. Imagine Dragons - Bleeding Out
And then he was gone.
It was hours later that Steve finally came back into himself.
...Never explained to him
“Well, I’m happy to look for an alternative,” Tony yawned, relaxing back into the chair. “But, if we can’t find one, I’m just saying, there’s that option… And obviously we’ll have to work out the details of whatever option… before we do anything…”
been afraid of you, Tony. I’ve always known who you were, and what I could trust you with – whatever particular crisis you happened to be in the middle of. Vampire stuff or not. And, honestly… I’m just thinking that it looks like I was right.”
The first actual thought to come into Tony’s head was that he was going to be covered in bruises.
at 27, if he was forced to spend anytime with him - but he stopped himself before he could conclude that obviously he wouldn’t.
unknown. Someone has just forgotten to put the details in the planner – which wouldn’t be the first time. And he isn’t
. Even that…
Tony sighed as a familiar bittersweet feeling swelled up in his chest.
...He’d forgotten which impulse was the weird one.
But this room was… Well, it was a suite, actually. And it was
It was obvious what the ‘additional component’ was, and what it was for.
…If they weren’t going to remember
...He was deeply uncomfortable about the comparisons to Steve that kept popping up in his head.
“No, you don’t,” Tony sighed, and dropped his eyes.
And then came the knock at the door.
“Yeah, they might have a point about that” Bruce called, from over at the panel. Tony looked up at him, not remotely surprised to see him there, squinting at the computer screen…
And Jesus, he’d never been this happy to help in his life.
I mean, are we done with the angst, before the happy ending? Are they done torturing each other in this fic?
apologised, for that.” Steve assured, softly. Heard himself say it, really – he had no memory of thinking it, first.
“Well, no one’s taking my hints about the hard-core rave invitations, so I’ll take what I can get-” Steve joked, cutting himself short when Tony paused mid step to throw his head back and laugh.
And that was… nice…
That he hadn’t even
And just waited for him to begin.
Tony’s blood ran cold in a way it hadn’t for nearly twenty years.
After twenty years of trying to find
Sam and Bucky smiled in recognition. And then Bucky frowned.
It was the word for... For…
Something like that.
It hit Tony like a rush of oxygen; disorienting and frighteningly focused, at first. He clawed his way closer to Steve’s chest, pushing his way deeper into the kiss, devouring Steve’s mouth like a dying man gasping for air. Steve kissed him back just as hungrily, grabbing at him with that same insatiable desire to be closer.
Steve tried to ignore the question.
Steve looked at that beautiful face, and realised that he’d never be able to describe it to anyone. Even if he could find words for those perfect golden eyes, if he could have named the thousands of colours in Tony’s hair…  He’d never be able to explain the joy and wit and courage that there was in every expression. He’d never be able to describe the soft warmth that melted in his chest whenever Tony looked at him…
And Steve lifted his head to look at him, helpless and hopeful and confused-
“Excited,” he corrected.
earn the level of respect and trust that Steve could apparently never lose. He even hated Steve a little bit for letting it go tonight – and yes, he knew he’d told Steve to let it go and he would probably have hated Steve for
any of it, without going back to that night.
“Oh God Tony, I love you, I- Oh, oh fuck-”
Captain America… And Captain America had to be sure. Captain America was a leader. Captain America probably wouldn’t be so completely thrown, just because the most beautiful man he’d ever seen in his
be a part of –
All of that seemed an awful lot to ask of one person, even someone as kind and understanding as Tony Stark…
Maybe even that he was glad that it wasn’t only
There
,” he corrected – and then unthinkingly glanced at the body at the other end of the room. Tony looked over.
Apparently this was something he’d been desperate to say, a burden that had laid heavy over him for so long that he’d forgotten it was there-
And cracked the little vial between his fingers, inches away from Gary’s face.
And then he realised
more scared of these people than you are of us?” Wesley looked up then, a more immediate flash of panic in his eyes as he glanced between Steve and Tony.
just know Steve better than he thought he did.
good. So cruelly,
It was just him, listing the things he’d done wrong…
Could he really bear to hope that there was a way out of this? Could he stand the agony of seriously searching for a way to make this work – would he be able to cope, when the answer was
actually preferred the feeling of unwavering religious faith… but there was no getting it back, once he’d questioned it. Too late now.
There was nothing complicated about
“I’m sorry,” Tony exhaled, slumping his shoulders. “I’m being defensive. I just… this is all very new on me.”
…Maybe he just didn’t have that particular
...Loki was going to be here in a matter of weeks.
And then the breakroom speakers broke into life, immediately blaring a wall of drums and guitars and synth that Steve just registered as a noise. He sat up in alarm, triggering the motion sensor lighting into life, scanning frantically until he saw the outline of Bucky walking through the left-hand door.
And Tony couldn’t help thinking, what a difference five days could make. How…
just ‘take people’s memories’ from them, in the way our earthly ‘memory wipe’ drugs do. It’s
suggests that the Varians are fitting into their plan, not the other way around… Gimme a minute to have a look around here…”
Jesus, Tony had been right in the middle of turning his back on Steve. He really
“Hm? Oh, yeah…” Steve nodded - and then, on autopilot, turned to Dr Arden to tell her, “Thank you for the flower.”
“I love you too.”
, this whole thing. He’d just have to cut himself off from it, or cut it out of himself, or… whatever he had to do, to get this job done.
His eyes hurt. His head hurt. His heart hurt.
Instead, he took a moment to wonder whether this was a drawing of restraints or jewellery… before conceding that he still had no way to work anything out, and walking over to put it with the others. He looked over at his desk, and reminded himself that he should put the kinky sketch with the others-
The fact that, in all those years of competition and conflict, Steve had never once left Tony lost for words, or unable to look at him…
. And Tony was so much more open than Steve ever expected him to be, so affectionate and welcoming and warm…
“Yeah, it does,” Rhodey smiled, sincerely.
The smile broke into a grin - it’d been a long time since Steve met a little boy named Vernon.
And Tony
Steve glanced up at him, his forehead pitched in a little frown as he repeated Tony’s sentence to himself. It was late, probably close to midnight, and he and Tony had spent the last few hours sitting on the floor of his living room, a spray of scrawled notes in the space between them, working through the specifics of the virus that Tony was programming-
And his fantasies never ended here.
“Bucky,” he tried again, more urgently, relieved when he saw Bucky blink… and then frown in sleepy confusion.
He caught himself, and re-centred.
have occurred to him otherwise, the wider implications began to occur to him again. He started to remember
He was determined to never make that mistake again.
“Because I can’t get drunk on earth.” Steve answered, matter-of-factly – because apparently Tony had said that out loud.
He recognised that what he had in this one moment was more than most people got to feel in a lifetime.
“Good,” Tony grinned, with a mix of happiness and pride.
“I know,” Tony nodded, smiling kindly.
done – how
A single, immediate response, from every part of him.
Even the noises he made,
he had a text to write. A text that he knew was vague and confusing and full of autocorrected errors, even as he was pressing ‘send’. A text that would obviously make
“Yeah… Yeah, I can do that…” Tony thought aloud. “Cut all the artificial drugs being pumped into the air and the water… turn off any security protocols… Was there anything else?”
re-evaluate his entire relationship with Steve while he was on drugs. He would not let himself forget a betrayal that huge and two years of abject misery because Steve was also kind of sweet…
, I think, is the Varian drug” And he pointed to a strange collection of symbols at the top of the page. All of them human, but almost comically out of place – like there were sections of the research written in Wingdings. “And, this is how they’ve adapted it for this particular test – I
Nick actually smirked. Which was infuriating, of course - but not in the same league as everything else Steve had to be angry about. It began pinching in his head as soon as Nick closed the door. Vicious, hot little thoughts that seemed to pull a piercing irritation up through his skin.
whatever I found with Steve… and maybe just
“No, but really,” Steve insisted - because, for some reason, he suddenly felt very invested in this point… “I mean, you have a Masters in Aerospace Engineering from MIT - and you’re a
He’d have been too afraid of Tony’s answer
And then the doorbell rang.
...He didn’t want to think about it.
Steve could hear Tony’s voice echoing from miles away, like he was yelling from the bottom of a very deep well. The words meant nothing. The tone was lost in translation. It didn’t occur to Steve to respond to it, or think about it, or ask Tony to repeat it – it was just background noise to him now. It had faded into the same radio static as the rest of the world, diminished down to nothing by the strength of his rage.
He’d never been invited to one before he became Captain America, and after that he always felt more like he was providing the entertainment than enjoying it. He’d never been able to relax at a gala or a charity dinner, knowing that all eyes were on him, while he was actually completely out of his element and had no idea how he was supposed to behave-
But that worst case scenario was highly unlikely. Even if someone in that bunker had
Steve could still recall the stranger impulses with alarming clarity - but he didn’t actually feel them any more. However intense and tumultuous his feelings right now, they were undeniably different to whatever happened to him last night. This was, as Tony might say, Steve’s regular brain working in the real world…
say this thing, and Tony would listen, and would be understanding, and try to be fair, and not let it change everything that had happened… Thinking that, maybe, it
“Okay, how about now?” She pressed, smiling indulgently.
But that had never been the point, had it?
clearly scared of the Avengers - and Steve especially - Wesley was still obviously reluctant to answer their questions. He wasn’t eagerly offering any scrap of information, which would be the natural reaction if Wesley was just trying to get the two of them out of his house.
Steve could feel Tony’s cock pulse hard against him, the thick heat of him filling Steve up-
...Not when the thought of hurting Tony’s feelings was
Tony leant into it, parting his lips, letting his hand run roughly though Steve’s hair. A rush of pure, perfect joy overwhelmed him, as it finally hit him-
like Stark, either. Steve had spent a big part of this
“I’ve heard of everyone.”
...He could feel the shape of his body and the warmth of his chest and the...
And he understood what that meant to
“I don’t like being handed things,” Tony reminded him darkly, arms held firmly at his side.
“Thank you.”
At first, it was simply shock - because, obviously, that was the last thing Tony was expecting anyone to say. But then the mental image caught up with him...
“No,” Clint snapped back. “It’s because you’re being ridiculous. You’re trying to hurt her because you’re hurt, and that’s just not okay and you know it. You’re
Immediately, Steve felt a resistance to answering him. Which was probably down to his usual defensiveness - it wasn’t as though he’d
“Understood, Sir,” JARVIS replied softly, as though he knew that none of that was really for his benefit.
And it had intrigued him.
The blunt pressure of Tony’s cock, pressing against his hole.
Which certainly wasn’t the reaction that Tony was actually having - although he was doing his best to hide that from Nick.
to all be right now…” Steve suggested carefully. “I mean, I know I’ve kind of dropped this on you… and, okay, I know it’s complicated. I have to leave in the morning, and I don’t know when I’d be able to see you again… But, if you wanted to, we still could. I could call you. I know we’re not going to make all of this better all at once, and I don’t know what we can make of it, but… Maybe we don’t
like to talk to some of you about taking part in the Showcases that we have planned-”
. Upset.
And Steve was still nodding.
There was a raw, dragging burn across the back of Steve’s neck, as Tony pulled the fabric of his T-Shirt over his skin. The low, purring sound of the material being stretched to its limits, tearing. Steve knew Tony would literally rip it off of him before too long, and part of him wanted to wait for that – but he was completely beyond patience for anything. He managed to wriggle his arms free of the sleeves, inefficient and graceless, before he felt Tony yank the shirt over his head in a single fierce motion.
Steve threw it over to the left of the room, immediately, just because Tony had told him to. Tony snorted another laugh.
That something
But he would.
He sighed, dragging his attention back to the situation like he was trying to motivate himself through a chore. Telling himself that this was all very serious, without really believing it…
“Shh” Tony soothed – and put a finger to Steve’s lips. It was the contact that shocked Steve into silence. It was just so intense- “
...It tasted different.
He would get out of this room for a moment, go and get a cup of coffee, make a sandwich - anything to force a break into the day.
...So, whoever these Rossinhol people were, Wesley was scared of them too.
felt a dark sort of satisfaction at Wesley’s terror, even as he was feeling guilty over it-
He’d been unsurprised to discover that the file was about as unhelpful as it could possibly have been. It contained just enough ominous detail to put endless horrible possibilities into Steve’s head - but no actual answers.
this experience at any time. We can’t allow you to amend anything, but you can always say that you want to leave, and that will always be fine.”
“Tony, this is amazing,” Steve found his voice at last. Tony glanced up at him, a hint of genuine emotion flashing up in his eyes before he smiled shyly and replied,
And, to be perfectly honest, the undercover mission didn’t seem nearly as important as this. Even when he reminded himself that lives could be at stake, that
And, thinking about it now, he was still sure it was the right thing to do.
Steve could smell his skin…
It was the only way he could do it sometimes. It was the only way to make it fit.
“When Dev was telling me all about the proud history of drug harvesting, you ran off somewhere?” Tony prompted. And even then, Steve had to struggle to find the memory. It’d seemed fairly insignificant at the time, much less when there was all this in his head.
thinking about, or aiming at, or
“Are you…okay?” Steve asked, softly. Tony felt it set every bone in his body on edge… because it sounded
reliant on Steve’s blood. Or addicted to it, maybe. And they both knew how much good it had done him… Would Steve feel free to walk away from this arrangement, even now? Would he feel like he was costing Tony something, if he decided he didn’t want this anymore? Would he still pretend to be willing, even if he grew to hate it?
myself mad, just trying to work out why I change when I’m around you, if I’m making it up - why didn’t you say anything?”
“Oh. Wow,” he gasped. “That was fast.”
he said it. Dark, and warm…
“After you hit Wesley,” Tony carried on, awkwardly. “I think maybe even after that thing with Nick… There was this… moment. And I liked it. And I don’t mean that in some creepy,
Their eyes met-
to run and tell Steve… But it didn’t feel that way. Something about this felt… important. Ominous. Tragic, even.
The tightening sparks of anticipation, gathering in his hips-
He was looking at two different things, here. He should
“Are you in need of assistance, sir?” JARVIS asked more softly. But Tony just shook his head.
“Well, the serum enhances human biology more than it changes it… so, yeah, I think that means this stuff can’t make him sick, or whatever…” Rhodey replied, thoughtfully.
Although, once Tony got over his initial shock – and the glowing awkwardness of Steve, a few feet behind him – he recognised that this place didn’t really host every conceivable sexual fantasy. What was shocking about this place was how casually sex was treated, the fact that it was everywhere… but the sex itself all seemed relatively mainstream.
Not trusting what he might say, if he let himself speak at all.
? And then a blink of recognition, a self-conscious little smile,
of life, to the existence Schmitt now had… and yet it was part of his life, just the same.
And Steve smiled back, the same smile.
Thinking back to the raid on the bunker certainly didn’t feel real.
“No, of course I’m going to go,” Steve muttered, lying flat out on the couch again. He promised himself that he was going to
of my houses, at least, where we can keep an eye on him - and where no one else would have a right of access to him, or anything…”
“Will you be searching for the same key words, Sir?” JARVIS enquired.
to mention-
” Steve murmured, like he was talking to himself. Still, Tony felt it curl in the pit of his stomach, his cock pulsing sharply under the power of it-
All of which was emotional, and irrational, and really not helpful right now-
“Tony,” he whimpered, “Tony, Tony, Tony…”
“Oh Christ Steve, you feel so good, you are so good-” Tony panted, his voice hoarse and raw, thrusting into Steve more sharply and sending a shock right through to the tip of his cock.
“Sir, Agent Coulson of SHIELD is on the line,” JARVIS informed him.
Of course, Tony’s head didn’t stay quiet for long enough for him to make it to his bedroom. By the time he collapsed onto his mattress the endless cycle of worries had started up again – and engaged in active combat with the exhaustion that was beginning to overwhelm him.
to let this make me vulnerable. It’s not just that I’m
Peirce nodded - but didn’t unbunch his shoulders. His eyes remained fixed on Steve with a rabbit-in-headlights level of focus, as he replied, carefully,
...But, thinking about it, he actually felt kind of…
He wanted to make Steve shiver again.
And he didn’t see the man he’d been yelling at for the last eight months, or even the man he’d cried over… Tony saw Steve the way he used to, back when he first fell in love with him. He saw all those heroic qualities and human frailties and endearing little elements unique to Steve, and without that filter of doubt or regret.
He clearly wasn’t expecting for Steve to be touched, even a little bit awed, by his honesty.
There was an almost imperceptible intake of breath as Natasha’s eyes snapped open, her body barely moving - the way a cat wakes up.
And the vague feeling of being distracted from something. Some other thing he was in the middle of working out…
“That’s a Teo Torriatte Deacon,” Dr Arden explained. “It’s especially known for reducing feelings of fear. So, as well as the more general calm that this variety is known for, you would feel less inhibited. It can help people to process and let go of their more fundamental, long term fears, if that’s what they choose to focus on when they take it. It also has a specific effect on your perception of the world around you - things literally look and sound different when you experience them without fear.”
had he even wanted a chance to talk to Tony, when he had no idea what to say anyway…
as his fake boyfriend.
For a moment, it was so far removed from what he was expecting that Steve couldn’t work out what it was-
That exhilarated fizzing broke out over his skin - burning hotter and sharper now, and not only because he was that much closer to home…
…It’d never occurred to him that Tony would
“Er, yeah, day before yesterday” Tony breathed, smiling too enthusiastically… Belle didn’t seem to notice.
That felt strangely significant. Like a moment of rebirth, almost.
Steve smiled more naturally when he nodded at that. He tried to make a mental note of that detail, for when he was invariably baffled by something Lorien said-
...The weird thing was that he still wanted to say
And he didn’t feel guilty or dirty or ashamed – just like he knew he wouldn’t, if Steve were ever really there.
Steve didn’t know whether he wanted to bury himself against Tony’s chest, and cry, and beg Tony not to leave him-
“You know… You should be able to say the things you aren’t sorry for, too.” Tony told him, softly – his voice uncharacteristically fragile. “And… I know I’ve probably made that as hard as saying you’re sorry. And it’s probably hard for a lot of the same reasons… But, you know, if you can’t say those things, it’ll end up being just as bad. And I am sorry if I’ve been… defensive, or judgemental or unsympathetic about that stuff before, and taken things personally, and… yeah. I just mean…”
and which people didn’t… And, once we have access to their system, we’ll be able to find out where Bucky is. So,” and he let go of a heavy breath, his shoulders slumping resignedly as he concluded, “I know that still leaves a lot of specifics to iron out, and a lot of things to plan, but that’s basically the gist of it. Find a Hydra base, upload a specific type of virus, root out all the Hydra files - find out where Bucky is - and then basically delete their whole operation.”
going to be here in a few hours, and Tony
the excited little gasp he got in response. That was all.
Tony knew that he couldn’t throw himself in front of Bucky without leaving Steve at risk-
Steve didn’t think about it. He tried not to think about anything. He just pushed himself up onto his hands and knees, parting his legs and
She simply nodded at him,
He felt a little bit giddy.
Jesus fuck-
And he was never any less moved by it.
Steve’s breathing took on a pleading tone, his hips rocking down against Tony’s mouth again - rutting up into nothing.
this relationship hadn’t scared him nearly as much as trying to work it out. That he’d been
Nick put a defence together, hastily putting his thoughts in order as he shifted into the right posture. Steve was glad.
“Yes,” he beamed. “Very, very ready.”
hurt by.
He heard Tony hum a good-humoured smile – Steve could feel Tony looking at him, admiring his good work… When Steve finally managed to lift his head it felt heavier and lighter all at once, and the world seemed to sway in a not-unpleasant way…
The kindly way he was behaving was more sinister than anything Steve had ever come up against.
Belatedly, he recognised what Tony had been telling him earlier…
He was excited.
“Well, like I say – sort of” Tony sighed, “Governments around the world have actually been working on making a ‘truth serum’ since, like, the 1960s… possibly earlier. And most of those theories were focused on barbiturates – which basically ‘worked’ by lowering inhibitions, and making people more pliable. And generally, they were useless. Because, yeah, they could sometimes get people to talk, but they also made people really suggestible, and passive, and generally likely to parrot back anything they heard.
Steve felt a watery smile wash over him, more because he was overwhelmed than anything else.
. They way I’ve behaved is just… bad. So, would you please just let me apologise for it?”
“Because…” Tony started, wearily.
“I never actually hated Bucky” Tony sighed, still somewhat embarrassed by this whole side of things “I don’t even know Bucky – I blamed him for all the hurt I felt in that moment, and… I probably would’ve known, even then, that it wasn’t his fault. If I’d let myself know it. If I hadn’t just wanted to lash out at someone… I do know it isn’t his fault, Steve. Actually… I know I should feel sorry for him. And… Look, I can’t promise it’ll be the easiest thing in the world, being around him, at first…”
Fine.
And his face flickered again-
,” Tony hissed, as he began to move faster, his hand moving on Steve’s cock in time with his hips. Steve moaned, rocking back against him now, searching for that release with increasing desperation as grew closer and closer to it.
. I know it’s not about making things perfect, because you never think anything is perfect. You’re always looking for a way to make things that bit better than they were – making other people’s lives that bit happier, or easier, or healthier, even if you can’t help the fact that they’re suffering in the long run. You spent all that time developing better hospital beds, just so that people could still sit themselves up and look out of a window, even when they could barely move. You put all that money into the Injured Troops programme, just so there was more that people
a word. A special
Worrying that it meant he didn’t really know himself, that he might be fucking things up without even knowing it.
And then his features lit up with the fire of a new idea, and he leant into Tony, “unless
“Tell Natasha that they’re in Newark,” Tony told her, confidently.
in these pockets.
that Steve was scared, or desperate or… well, anything other than simply
to look after Steve.
Maribelle had arrived.
. The fear of acting ways he wouldn’t act,
“Don’t worry, everyone does that when they first walk in” Maribelle assured him, offering him a hand up.
“Yeah, sure, of course,” Steve agreed, happily. “Same day, time?”
Well, he wasn’t wrong.
Which made the robes all the more obnoxious.
Steve let his hands stroke down along Tony’s arms, and then over his back, pulling him close again. Tony tilted his head up, his eyes falling shut as Steve kissed him, gently, sweetly… And again… And again…
His arms were
Then he felt Tony’s palms sweep over the curve of his waist – gripping his hips just that bit more firmly. Steve let go of a startled breath, his fingers clawing helplessly at the pillows. And then Tony lifted his head to look at Steve, his eyes blown wide and his lips soft.
And then someone passed him a drink…
“Whose attention do we have to catch?” He asked, picking up his file reader again.
“Right,” Tony reminded him sharply, stepping back and gesturing to the door.
“Okay, I’m going to shut up and stop distracting you,” Steve mocked himself, reaching for his t-shirt. Hurrying to get dressed now, thinking only of how he was stopping Tony from making himself well again.
of the next thing, try to keep himself in the moment…
Steve smiled, and went to crawl on top of him - but Tony’s hands were at his waistband as soon as they were in reach.
And Steve took another little breath, and squeezed Tony’s hand.
…That made such a difference.
have tried to be kind and compassionate throughout – but that’s what they’re
…But he really
“No, we don’t take that until we get up there.” Tony explained, patiently.
Already, Steve knew that a raft of sinister images and emotional traumas were waiting for him, as soon as his excitement dulled enough to let them in. He knew a fresh wave of anger and indignation was gathering, growing hotter each time he refused to look at it, until eventually it was sure to flare up.
struck them as suspicious, there would be nothing they could do about it.
it all was, how each tiny detail added something to the atmosphere of the room, how it all came together to create an invisible sense of spectacle and excitement…. Even Tony was starting to tingle with anticipation - and
And then Steve pushed another finger into him, pushing deeper this time, brushing against Tony’s prostate in a shower of sparks.
“And how did
reminded him of all the other things he’d meant to think about, before he got to this bit. Pointed out,
“...The kitten from the Aristocats?” Sam asked, wryly.
more settled than Tony felt, now that the immediate need to lead the situation had passed…  “Something the people downstairs are being given.”
He wanted to hear Tony
“Yeah, I keep thinking back to that.” Tony admitted. “And, you know, there are a lot of bigger projects this could potentially lead to.”
Tony could feel everyone’s eyes on them as they walked, and realised that the few other people in the room must all be employees… that had an ominously, out-numbered feeling to it, however pleasantly everyone was smiling…
It was a harmless little musing, really. A filler thought, tucked in the gaps of his deeper philosophical crises.
“And you know what’s
And, fuck, that felt good too…
Steve was looking at him. The openness in his expression, the vulnerability of his optimism… That little hint of shyness, which seemed so touchingly ordinary, somehow. Tony felt like everything good about human beings was somewhere in that look. Everything he missed about them. And maybe Tony could ignore the sudden urge to reach out to it. After years of practice, Tony could’ve talked himself out of this reaction. He could’ve fought the temptation to say
A genuine giggle managed to crack through the tightness in Tony’s ribs. It helped, a little.
to listen.
“Oh, I said I’d do it,” Bucky waved the enquiry aside – and when Steve frowned at him, he explained. “Well, it doesn’t take the whole team to storm a warehouse and take a computer. Nick asked for two volunteers, so I said I’d go with Sam.”
Tony wanted to kiss him.
But Tony carried on frowning - because he was sure that
The conversational equivalent of strapping his shield to his arm and running headlong into battle, because he couldn’t bear to do less.
Steve braced himself for an internal conflict, expecting a panic to overwhelm him at any minute.
weak, to have given in like that. That maybe there wasn’t even anything for Tony to look past, that maybe Steve didn’t have to feel guilty or ashamed at all.
nothing wrong being scarred by the things we’ve been through. There’s nothing weird or unexpected about being changed by those things - that doesn’t mean you’re worse than you were. I am not judging you, or blaming you, for coming out of the end of the world a little bit nuts… But that doesn’t mean it’s not nuts. Just because I understand where this irrational fear is coming from, doesn’t mean it’s not irrational. Just because I love every single thing about you, doesn’t mean I’m going to go along with every impulse you ever have. And I’m not going to let you walk into a bunker full of super soldiers on your own, because a lifetime's worth of trauma has made you
“You find anything out?” Steve asked, his voice much quieter than he’d expected it to be.
“Er, well, I don’t have a… problem, with either of those things…” Bucky began, a little hesitantly. And Steve felt his stomach knot as he translated the true meaning of those words…
“So, you said you can show us how to make a portal?” Tony reminded her.
- I mean, I’ve still not really figured all of this out. I literally thought of this in the shower this morning, so, you know… But, I’m sure of this much, at least. And, I’m sure that…” and he had to swallow down a bitter taste, and take a deep breath to prepare himself for the big finish. “I need to tell you what I really have planned, once we’re done with SHIELD.”
Steve waited, barely-patient and determinedly obedient, until Tony parted his lips and let Steve slide his fingers into his mouth, his grip on Steve’s arm still strong enough to control the pace of this. Tony let Steve’s fingertips drag over his tongue,
The strange trance that he fell into afterwards - the hypnotic effect it had on the people around him.
There would be consequences every time Steve shared some detail from the future - and there would be consequences when he didn’t.
“But on the other hand?” Steve prompted.
Steve’s eyes widened, and he nodded, small but determined. And, God, Tony nearly kissed him again then, just for that –
this is, there you are at every appointment and still feeling bad for not caring enough…” He shook his head affectionately;
“What, to the flower show?” Rhodey frowned.
“No sir, I don’t think there’s any danger of that,” JARVIS soothed. “He’s barely stirred, and has now fallen into a deep sleep. If I were pushed to make an estimate, I would say he’ll be asleep for the remainder of the night.”
Of course, he had calmed down… eventually.
conversations… Steve had started to feel confident that he knew exactly what he wanted from this, and that Tony understood it - they would never have been here, otherwise.
But then he lost the reason he was saying it, the wider point he was trying to make…
he’d felt, throbbing under Tony’s grip…
He was so beautiful. Fragile and brave and so very real - right there where Steve could reach out and touch him… It was like he brought everything back into focus.
“I love you,” Tony smiled back, his voice warm and rich and kind… And soft… growing softer… “It’s okay baby. Close your eyes.”
And Steve wondered, briefly, if this ever could have happened without The Facility – if, in with all the evil and the complacency and the skewed ideology, there maybe hadn’t been a little bit of something good… If things
Not would be worse.
A strange, high-pitched giggle bubbled over Tony’s lips, followed immediately by a snort from Bucky. Tony felt something inside him slip, setting off a shuddering chain reaction that ran up his back and gathered in his shoulders - but still, he tried to contain it. He swallowed hard, trying to douse the mirth simmering up in his chest. He took a deep breath as subtly as he could. He tried telling himself that it was an old joke, an obvious joke, that it wasn’t even funny… And when that didn’t work, he tried quieting his mind completely…
“He’s hot, though.”
But then, reality was beginning to slip away from him, at this stage. His senses had started to float away from each other, the context and connections between them getting lost in the growing darkness…
And maybe that
distractions to the back of his mind when it came to the important part, somehow managing to lose himself in his task even with
natural, and there was simply no overthinking himself out of it.
, or anything…
Instinctively, Tony turned to survey his surroundings, before he even bothered to think what he was looking for. Slowly, and somewhat begrudgingly, it occurred to him that he was probably worried about nothing. It wasn’t as though Steve, or Pepper or Nat, were out there somewhere on their own.
There probably
simpler… I think we’ll struggle to get most of them on anything – from the files you gave us, it seems like only a few people really knew what the hell was going on. But, as we have the right to interrogate them, and get their side of things on the record... And, anyway, none of
He sighed, and put his half empty coffee mug down on the counter, where he decided to leave it until he could be bothered to deal with it-
Not that he’d ever doubted himself, but hey, it was good to know that he was right.
access the systems that are delivering drugs to the work basement… and there
...His hair all soft, curling at the nape of his neck-
that was an entirely human reaction. That impulse people have to stop a stranger from falling, the push that throws someone in front of a friend before they even think about it – the immediate, panicked response to seeing someone in trouble and knowing that the answer was simply,
, because all the things he really was at that moment weren’t the right things, and he knew it.
He didn’t
, all evening.
“Are you okay?” The guide asked with professional concern, looking over Tony’s shoulder.
“Yeah, there’s a whole section about the charity work she did in the eighties,” Steve explained, talking a little too quickly - like he was nervous. “There’s an interview with her. Well, a bit with her talking to camera, anyway…”
“Really?” Sam groaned, screwing his face up in either irritation or embarrassment. Bucky felt himself smile regardless, simply because he was getting a reaction.
And his imagination had failed him spectacularly, of course. This did not surprise him.
So, Steve just… nodded…
“Okay, but I’m sure they have contingencies for that – hey, they have a
“And maybe why I
He’d completely lost his appetite.
Tony rocked into him harder, burying his head in Steve’s shoulder – his lips so close to that tender spot in Steve’s neck. Steve moaned again, a needier, more wanton sound this time.
there was a bitter aftertaste. The sullen voice that spoke up before he could smother it-
And then, as casual as you like, Peirce just came out with it,
When suddenly the air around him exploded into light.
And then he heard Steve hum a little smile, before he dropped his head and pressed a soft kiss to that same spot.
A sadness at the realisation that this epiphany wasn’t absolute or immovable – that the issues he’d managed to ignore today hadn’t actually disappeared…
A spike of anger, as he realised -
He was overwhelmed by a hot, buzzing confusion, a sense that he didn’t know any of these words, and there were so many of them, and none of it meant anything-
But, on the other hand, it
It was a reason to question his own sobriety, yet again.
Steve turned to Tony – who was staring at him incredulously.
And Steve felt that strange, bittersweet feeling curl in his gut again. That happy-sadness, like when you think of a treasured memory at a funeral.
He trailed off, watching the most amazing,
“Is that since the beginning?”
Steve was careful to avoid Peter Quill on his trip to Morag.
So, familiar caveats apply here. There is an obvious drug affect, on all parts of this chapter...
Which… had made Tony think, to say the least. He’d spent about three hours just staring at a wall after he read that passage, asking himself all sorts of questions that would never have occurred to him, considering perspectives he wouldn’t otherwise have thought of… So, in a way, that diary was useful – even if it later transpired that the author believed her menstrual cycle was dictated by the moon.
In the meantime - enjoy!
It was the one and only point in the whole shameful affair that Steve actually
hottest fucking thing that had ever-
Twelve hours later, and Tony had never been more awake.
to surrender to this.
...Actually, thinking about it, a younger version of himself might well have believed that.
A friendly bit of banter – a
This specific resistance, this
don’t have any right to expect that… which did make me think, you must’ve – that maybe you thought the same… And, I just thought…” and he pinched his lips, and dropped his eyes. “I don’t know if you
“I think maybe it’s better that it
...But Tony felt strangely… distant, to it.
could be sealed off, and that he should therefore avoid. He could also take a reasonable guess as to where Talleroy might’ve made some upgrades, given the layout of the building and the access points-
, even as that taste flooded his mouth. He heard Steve’s breathing move high in his chest. He could feel Steve’s pulse racing in his wrist. And then Tony let his eyes slip shut and sucked very gently against Steve’s skin, a sudden burst of blood hitting him just as Steve gasped, and threw his free hand to the back of Tony’s head.
“Well, I should think Rhodes-”
But he doesn’t remember it. Not really. He doesn’t know how he knows any of these things…
The way he tried to flinch into himself, even as his eyes narrowed in disbelief-
And the smell of wet tarmac, and smoke…
He decided to go with the simplest of the two things first.
And, hey, maybe it
parts of Steve were meant for, the one thing that all parts of him could agree on. The first time in… maybe his whole life, that Steve had felt such complete and total certainty.
Slowly, oh so slowly, Steve became sober enough to realise how out of it he was. He recognised that, whatever it was he should be doing, trying to remember this thing’s name wasn’t it.
But right now he was so tired and lost and lonely,
Even that night in the cabin, when he was recklessly giving into his desire for it to all
He was so scared of what might be on the other side of that door, so sure he already knew … for a second it seemed obvious that he should try to avoid that pain. A basic survival instinct, almost.
Steve’s impulse to intervene was suddenly met with an equally strong impulse to listen…
“No, don’t be sorry,” Steve assured him, “
And then it was like Steve just
it took Steve a second to realise-
And then, for a few minutes, it just overwhelmed him completely. It was like he’d fallen outside of his body, outside of the understanding of time and space… there was just this gap, in which his legs apparently kept moving and his head was entirely still and it felt like he existed somewhere
Something that had hit him like a lightning strike; dazzling and disorienting and totally unforeseeable…
This moment was
“Johann.”
Tony nearly called out after him - except that he didn’t know what he would have said.
spent his whole life in a stuttering, inconsistent fight between expectations and instinct. A constant, faltering battle to do right, to be good, in a world that made it so difficult… the constant conflict between the danger of doubt and the danger of hubris. And he’d been worn down by it, and changed by it, and traumatised by it… But not broken. He’d found a way to cope – a flawed and improvised way to carry on regardless. He’d learned to deflect, and distance, and defend –
Tony... lying right there...
Tony went to scream, but it was cut off as Steve thrust into him again, and again, and again, immediately setting a fast, fluid pace. The rush of sensation crashed into Tony like a tsunami. It was like being thrown out of himself, his conscious thoughts instantly overwhelmed by the intensity of this. He couldn’t process this; he could only feel it.
It wasn’t until he was halfway through getting dressed again – into clothes he couldn’t remember retrieving, or Steve passing to him, he was so sleepy – that he thought to glance at the clock.
Oh, wait.
what that little voice had been trying so hard to tell him -
And, in fairness to them, Steve was willing to believe that nothing interesting
He would have just wanted to be
A lot of the things they’d shouted at each other-
“It’s fine,” Bucky smiled, “I’m not paying you any attention anyway.”
Tony threw his arm out, his face creased in pain and anger, his other hand gripping the edge of the workbench hard enough to dent it.
And Tony just let himself soften into the warmth of him, his body melting into that embrace as Steve’s beautiful, strong hands made their way up his back. A little voice whispered in Tony’s head,
much, he wanted to just…
And, oh, he wished he could remember what he’d
Tony laughed to think what the paparazzi would’ve made of his walk back home, if any of them had spotted him practically dancing along the beach.
I got to thinking about why you never say it” Tony powered through. “You know, if there might be some alternative to this ‘Steve Just Thinks He’s God’ theory that I’d
“Why are you wearing a lace shirt?” He frowned.
“So, you think they’re not hiding something this time?” Tony raised his head, so that Steve could see the mocking expression.
At once, Steve stopped trying to work out what was going on, and homed in on that last statement.
, actually…”
something supernatural… But Tony hadn’t always known the moment that Steve got home. He hadn’t always felt the urge to care for him. He hadn’t
“Look, Bucky… It really isn’t as simple as that,” he sighed, dropping his shoulders. “I mean… my life isn’t exactly something another person could… fit into…”
It was a lot like the first room - huge and white, with the same floor to ceiling windows on all sides. The only difference was that this room was sparsely furnished with low, white fabric couches and gold leafed coffee tables and pink-tinted neon light fixtures… Like the cover of Town & Country Magazine from the future.
And he’d had a middling level of success with this, earlier in the day. Still high on the elation of having
But Tony lost patience before Steve put two and two together-
...But it wasn’t nearly as awful as he’d feared.
– every minute of every day since then…” He lost his footing a bit when he saw Tony’s mouth fall open, his eyes widening in a mix of amazement and confusion… he was so perfectly pretty then that Steve could’ve given in and just kissed him again.
, the slaves in your basement are being drugged into submission – do you know anything about it?” He demanded, a slight edge of aggression on his voice. Which just made Maribelle more eager to comply.
…And Tony was just so
“So, there are the fantasies that are
“Oh, he’s still at the bar,” Pepper replied breezily. “That Scaramouche guy found us, and said you were here, and I think he was going to wait for Bucky and Sam…”
Of course, in Sam and Bucky’s case, they were actually here because of an unfortunate culmination of office politics.
could make time for, without having to cut him off for a prior engagement.
it turned out that all those missing people just decided they’d rather stay here-”
“Do you feel relaxed?”
Just like he’d thought it, the last time the whole world disagreed with it.
And Tony just froze, entirely confused.
He thought about what it really meant to be a vampire.
They both knew that, if they did this thing now, they would have to do it a certain way. They no longer had the option of laying out an elaborate lie, or shielding the staff from any unpleasantness, or taking the time to conceal that they’d even been there. They knew they
, and lots of them are highly classified… I don’t know how much there is for me to even request.”
That should be the scariest part of it, really.
He raised the gauntlet, and fired.
like things were hopeless. Like he’d been standing in St Pauls Cathedral and fretting about the state of the window frames.
. And we can’t have something harmful disappear forever, because it’s what we know. You know, I’d say that was all pretty
Like it
Oh, he
“Well, there’s not much else of interest,” Pepper told him, nonchalantly. “I understand that the recon team are still gathering intel on that black-market arms ring in Turkey, that might develop into something in the next few weeks – but that’s about it.”
“You don’t really think you’re going to get away with that,” Nat commented casually.
“Got you into swim shorts,” Tony grinned, flicking Steve’s waistband playfully. Steve barked a surprised laugh before Tony could carry on. “
Steve felt the absence against his skin like a cold burn, his entire body trembling as Tony kissed him again, once, very softly. Steve’s cock ached under the unmoving pressure of him, his hands flinching against an instinct to grab him. It was a basic, automatic reaction, it should have been impossible to fight…
“No, I don’t,” he corrected, with such heartfelt confidence. “All I am right now is worried about you.”
Bucky, standing just beside him, one arm held in front of his face, his metal arm out to the left of him in a purely symbolic attempt to shield Steve.
Of course, hiding
The phone was a few feet away from both of them now. Just waiting for whoever would be quick enough to grab it first.
happening at their main offices,
for similarities between you and your dad, or, asking myself if they were there, at least. And, you know, sometimes I’d see things in you that
Steve followed unthinkingly, still too stunned to think in sentences. When he turned to face the Red Skull...Johann Scmitt… The Stonekeeper...again, all of his vast existential question and incredulous observations came out as,
And, yeah, he knew that wasn’t
And Nick
There was the impossible softness of Steve’s lips, the taste of him, the strength Tony could feel resting gently in Steve’s arms – all so much more vivid, experienced through more powerful senses-
boxes for that.
beautiful, and you deserve as much as any person that has ever lived. And, you know what, there aren’t many people that deserve me…”
He'd watched Stape’s face very carefully, as he’d delivered that speech. The particular churning of guilt, the spikes of nervousness – the flashes of defensive anger. And Steve had realised… Maybe Stape was telling
“Oh, you are
Steve did his best to wipe the silly grin from his face, as he descended the stairs down to Tony’s workshop. He should probably make
Most likely, another twenty minutes of pointlessly cycling through points 2, 3 and 4 - which really meant daydreaming about meeting up with Tony, and then overthinking how much of it would be allowed, and then worrying that he was fucking everything up-
opening up to Tony at the time. That, in the moment, he’d felt safe and supported and so much less alone, for the first time in as long as he could remember…
And Steve’s eyes widened as though Tony had just promised to tell his favourite story.
Steve blinked.
be nice, to have something to think about later. Maybe it would be nice for there to be something besides all the things he couldn’t have.
“Firstly, the Nazis used to say all of that, too,” Steve sighed, impatiently. “Secondly - yes, that’s exactly what I always did when I was captured by Nazis. Look it up. Thirdly, that’s
“You think?” Steve barked, having to forcibly stop himself taking another step closer.
“Of course it is” Steve assured him,
Steve didn’t recognise that he was following that feeling, going through motions that should’ve still seemed foreign to him, but didn’t-
…Tony had so nearly whispered,
that, rather than just accepting it?”
“Hm?” Steve frowned, struggling to wake himself up.
confusing.
“Oh, God, sorry,” Tony blurted out, as a blush scorched his way up his neck. “Wow, that was embarrassing. Sorry, I just-”
experiments, and what would happen if such
to tell him…
“You are so
Steve knew he should stop pacing.
happiness – his own life – for Tony. Easy. Gladly. Done.
fair to Steve than he would have been to a stranger. He’d not sulked about when Wanda was asked to join the Avengers after Sokovia, the way he had Steve being invited back ‘after what he did to him’.
“Not getting any readier,” Bucky shrugged. Steve felt a little twinge of guilt. He reminded himself that
There were all these hot, sharp words in his head, a lifetime of unspoken argument and unarticulated emotion, all right there...
Realising that… he
After all those hours of relentless analysis, Tony’s mind simply fell silent. The mood swings simmered down into a gentle, pleasant numbness. His heartbeat slowed.
like that, and it was so genuinely needed…
He realised that these children had probably been born here; a generation of Varians who had never known anything but slavery…
The really enlightening part of that discovery was realising just how much he might have pinned on a basic misinterpretation – a mistranslation he’d been only too ready to accept, because it was what he’d been expecting in the first place. His initial search of the term had brought up ‘vampire hunter’ and… well, obviously. Made too much sense to question. And when he’d seen that word, again and again, it had seemed only too plausible that so many people would fear and hate him… He’d kept finding proof of his own assumption… because he’d been looking for it. Because he’d not been critical of it, or bothered to look for other explanations, or considered all the information he
“So, you came here straight from battle?” He smiled, gesturing vaguely to Steve’s outfit. Steve glanced down, and breathed a little laugh.
Steve winced.
Gingerly, Tony held out an arm, putting it right there in the direct gaze of the sun.
It didn’t fix anything, and it couldn’t go anywhere, and maybe it
But he wasn’t about to waste a second. He’d give it a go, in the meantime.
No, he would simply
Tony dug his fingers into Steve’s hips, his whole body tensing at the shock of hearing Steve say his name like that.
Bucky, per se. Steve knew he didn’t really have any right to tell Bucky who he could talk to, or what he could say. He even knew he’d been a bit over the top when Bucky first told him – but of course, he wasn’t going to admit that. He was still too uncomfortable about the whole damn thing.
“It’s not your fault.”
She fixed him with what was probably supposed to be a meaningful look… But Tony still didn’t really know what she was talking about, so he just stared back at her.
And then Bucky drew back his shoulder, and threw back his arm, and punched Tony right in the jaw – with enough force to send him flying clear across the workshop.
Everything he’d learned, every effort he’d ever made, every sacrifice and hardship and failing up until this moment… It all seemed to fit into the context of this final task.
“Oh God I love you” just fell out of his mouth – and he liked that. He liked saying it. He’d completely forgotten
“Can we talk about something else, please?”
Well.
, and it was all so good.
He’d gotten trapped in the occasional spiral, and been briefly overwhelmed by the panic that he somehow had everything all wrong - but, mostly, he’d managed to limit himself to what
-” Steve tried more forcefully to interrupt him - but Tony was determined to get to the end of this point.
to stand by his principles, oppose The Accords or help his friend. He was angry because Steve had been so blinded by the purity of his motivations that he’d assumed the rightness of his methods.
Steve gripped Tony’s hips before he could stop himself,
that everything was going to be alright, that everything finally made sense…
“I’ll keep it in mind,” he assured, quietly. And then, simply because he couldn’t think of anything else to say, he added, “and, for the record, I
“...Also …Spartacus.”
, there have been plenty of times that I haven’t been thinking about it, anyway…” he sighed, sadly, taking a breath like he was about to add something… and then shaking his head, like he’d thought better of it. “And it doesn’t actually
But Tony barely paused. There was only the slightest flicker of thought before he corrected himself, so very casually,
And he thought of Steve being kind, and compassionate, and
There was an instinctive kick of panic-
that all that power, and strength, and heroism was actually just one very sweet man making his own choices… Choices based on the person
think of, a memory that always had the power to just drag all the air from his lungs and flood him with misery-
He felt like he was having an actual crisis of faith. Like he was looking back on a lifetime of religious devotion. The decision to seriously think about changing, to consider that there might be an alternative, was a huge step in itself.
Which had allowed him to think about Steve while sitting on the workshop floor, for a while.
And he didn’t have a choice about it anyway. So.
than that. That we could actually treat people so that they forget
He didn’t whine, or fidget, as Tony went back to stroking his hand through his hair.
” Adam answered, holding his gaze and his voice firm. “Because
Steve might’ve stopped then to ask himself why Scmitt was asking, what point he was trying to make… except that he might already have made it. Or, maybe, Steve had discovered this blinding sense of clarity all on his own… Whichever it was, Steve was far too concerned with this revelation to worry where it had come from. “And that seemed like a
Steve only just managed to open his eyes before he felt the weight of the mattress shift underneath him, his vision still blotted with stars when he felt Tony position himself between Steve’s thighs.
“Yes,” Steve answered instantly, looking up at Tony again. Because he was sure of that. This was a lot to feel, and he didn’t have the words for most of it yet – but he was sure that all of it was good. “Yeah, that was… Amazing. You’re amazing, I love you…”
Had he really just invited Steve over? Just…
. Ever, to anyone, probably.
And then Tony had briefly considered whether he should drink again before Steve got there. Seeing as he hadn’t, since that first bag of Steve’s blood. Experience told him that it was an awfully long time to have gone on so little. Reason told him it probably wasn’t ‘healthy’. That, and a gnawing little concern from the darkest corners of his mind, something he didn’t want to think about too deeply… something that told him it would be better to be full when Steve arrived.
…Okay, that was a bit of a curve ball.
But, obviously, he liked Tony.
a stupid plan - or, not even a plan… And if I wasn’t being so childish, and just… trying to get Steve to notice me all the time, we wouldn’t be in this situation,” he huffed.
or just told them what I thought and let them, I don’t know, decide what they were going to do – and it isn’t like that, and it’s never like that.”
And then lowered his eyes and took a deep breath, taking a moment to drop the anger and draw a line under this unexpected intervention, so that he could focus on Pepper again-
to have.
The sexual side of his relationship with Bucky was entirely functional. Something that had developed naturally, when they both found themselves stranded on the front with the same serum-enhanced sex-drive. Because they both shared a basic need, and because they knew each other and trusted each other and loved each other in a way that nothing could complicate. But they weren’t lovers. They’d always understood that, in the same wordless way they understood everything about each other. This wasn’t a relationship based on a romantic spark or a genuine excitement. There wasn’t the thrill of attraction or the fun of flirtation or the genuine intimacy you could share with someone you were
Out of nowhere, the strangest sense of total calm came over Tony. A happy, safe feeling, like coming home…
As far as Tony could tell from just this part of the story, Dimitri had begun his correspondence with Demi just after he and Ottilie were bonded… a word that Tony had to admit was getting less cringeworthy each time he read it. A word that seemed so much less ominous or creepy or ridiculous, when it was being used by someone so clearly overwhelmed by love… Someone who was so damn
And Steve blushed, and smiled even more, and just answered,
It was okay to feel differently about Steve now that he knew how Steve had felt about him.
“Well, if there’s anything else you’re wondering, you can ask,” Tony assures. “And I’ll try and explain it as best I can, and if that doesn’t work I’ll try explaining it again.”
But he wouldn’t be overwhelmed by it.
And he was cautiously reassured by the way Tony’s eyes widened in bewilderment. That was something, he supposed.
… But, immediately, Steve liked the idea of Tony taking an interest in his romantic life. He liked the fact that Tony seemed
Even before Tony bit him, before they’d even touched… From the moment Steve had said yes. Like Tony’s body, his brain chemistry, had recognised that agreement.
“Are you really,” he muttered to himself, before he raised his head to fix her with a direct stare.
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist and rolled his hips into him, a compulsive friction grinding up through him as Steve moaned into his neck.
He knew where Tony was going with this. He could see Tony trying to understand this as a trauma reaction, looking for the underlying event – as any reasonable person might.
Rhodey and Sam, chatting in the kitchen…
“Because knowing I can’t have him is hard enough,” Tony confessed. “I don’t want to have to make that case to
But he
an effect?”
do right now. And all the things he didn’t want to do, and all the things he was sure wouldn’t help… But, suddenly, he felt desperate to do
And he looked at Steve, and then at Tony, like he was waiting for an answer.
But Steve had barely processed it before Tony thrust into him again, slow and
And there was Tony standing right there.
He was maybe 100 feet away from Steve, crossing the street at the other end of the road - too far away for even a super soldier to make out the details of his face-
he’d seen that, now.
him to object to something. Anything.
“Well, yes, obviously.” Maribelle replied – a little bit of defensive outrage creeping in, even though she was clearly still frightened. “But I’m not going to write an entire race off on the basis of that, not when
“So, you’re thinking of having Bucky move in with you?” Steve pushed himself on - quite happy to distract himself with the next revelation along.
,” Sam added, incredulously. “Tony Stark turned down an invitation from Elon Musk. He flat out ignored Rupert Murdoch –
getting closer… Or, I don’t know, I thought maybe we were…” his voice trailed into a shy mutter, before he cleared his throat and forced himself on, “and… being with you made me feel safe, and happy, and I just didn’t want to ruin it. And I hated myself every time you mentioned your parents, and every time I had to lie to you, but every time I thought about coming clean I just…  I just hoped you’d never find out,” he surrendered, and then hurriedly added, “or, that I’d at least be able to find Bucky first, and figure out exactly what happened before I told you, or, you know, maybe it would turn out that it wasn’t him, or that maybe it wasn’t even true… Which I never really thought would happen, but I still hoped…” He exhaled slowly, dropping his head into his hand and rubbing his eyes. “I’m sorry, this more annoying than the letter-”
Steve wanted to melt in relief and tense with apprehension, all at once-
to try and keep a lid on that one. He’d been forced to accept, at least hypothetically, that he might have to skirt around the edges of it, if he was going to work out what was going on with Tony… But he could try his best to focus on the Tony part of that equation.
It wasn’t like Tony hadn’t made mistakes when it came to the people he loved, before now. Made choices that had hurt them,
“Not yet,” he lied, casually.
There was a neat little trick they used in the comic books, where they just didn’t
clear was that she was subordinate to the other guy - who was, by now, standing expectantly in front of them, clearly preparing himself to speak.
to say that. He always had.
In the interest of giving too many details, rather than too few - by my standards, this is a fairly violent chapter. I wouldn't say it falls into the realms of gore or anything like that, but if you have any concerns or triggers regarding wounds, blood that isn't of the fun-vampire-variety, near death moments, or descriptions of self harm, please read the end notes (there is no actual self harm in this update, but the images used may be triggering in that regard.)
“Good luck,” Bruce whispered, as the three of them strolled towards the entrance of the marquee, faking as much nonchalance as they could.
, or something, this week… and it made him feel dirty. And cheap. And
to bump into Steve - he’d spent the entire day picturing Steve, his heart clenching with anticipation every time he caught the sound of approaching footsteps, every instinct
“...Yeah? Why wouldn’t I be?”
, for being an ass to you, when you first arrived-”
“...Guys, this isn’t helping-” Tony frowned.
“...And I don’t know how long I’m supposed to live for,” Steve added, even quieter. “No one knows how long
me, the first time you saw me?”
He’d tried going to bed - in what was actually a very comfortable bed, in a very comfortable little house, with a lovely view of Malibu beach. Steve had felt at home here from the moment he walked through the door, despite the generic furnishing and magnolia paint that was obligatory for any corporate property… Still, somehow, it felt relaxed and lived in and...safe. Perhaps it was just that he happened to like small houses with a view of the sea, or because he preferred unshowy comfort to eye-catching design. Maybe it was just because he knew this was Tony’s house, and Tony had let him stay here… But Steve distinctly remembered thinking that, at any other time, he’d probably get a better night’s sleep here than he had in years…
Tony’s shoulders fell from under him, a particular self-consciousness curling in his stomach. He could so clearly picture Pepper, standing at the window or in front of one of the security monitors, watching him fidget on the doorstep until her patience wore thin…
Steve felt Tony unfasten his jeans with quick, efficient fingers – and then press another warm, slow kiss to that newly exposed, especially sensitive skin. Steve let go of a sharp hiss, all of his muscles contracting as Tony let his lips trail an inch lower.
Tony sighed. Even in his state of semi-inebriation, he knew it was a pretty crude plan, and likely to end in disaster…
made no sense whatsoever, even to him.
He remembered arriving at the hospital. He remembered hovering at Tony’s side in the lobby, as he and Happy gleefully handed Wesley over to a nurse – Steve remembered being aware of the nervous glances he was getting from her, and Happy, and the staff pretending not to pay attention to them from behind the reception desk… He remembered not caring. Not thinking anything of it.
- he looked up at Tony.
“I don’t know anything about the local workforce – I was just hired as a pharmacist, for a human company, based on earth.”
He just wanted Tony to fuck him
would still be as uncomfortable about these appointments. But, as it was…
He was
Actually, it was just
And it probably would’ve have occurred to him to note that – Steve hadn’t argued with anything, yet. He was just trying to get his head around it first, asking some of the questions that would
, there could be something else, after all this-
But it wasn’t Steve this man was aiming at.
“There’s a video exhibition about New York, and, uh, your mother is in it.”
he began
The final update is basically just porn.
“Hm?” Tony murmured, looking up at him through his lashes.
this urge to submit to or care for or even be bitten by Steve anything more than his own personal issue - was it really anything to do with Steve at all?
He hadn’t realised just how much of himself he’d
Now he didn’t know whether the Avengers still existed. Who had the right to call themselves that, who decided, on what grounds. Whether every Sorcerer of Kamar-Taj and every member of the Dora Milaje was now an Avenger, seeing as they had answered the Assemble call in the fight against Thanos. Whether he had any stronger link to Thor than to Valkyrie, if he was more loyal to Clint than to Peter Quill, as much a teammate to Shuri as to Bruce…
And –  I always hated people who argued like that with me. Like whatever I tried to do wasn’t good enough unless it was perfect, even for people who didn’t have a better plan. Or like there was some ‘right’ answer, and if I even needed to have it explained to me then I was somehow lacking, and… I really didn’t mean to do that to you. I didn’t mean it to sound like… I was just, probably more emotional than I should’ve been, right then, and it probably came out all wrong, so…” And he shrugged, good-naturedly, and then finally added. “I’m sorry.”
He saw a part of himself that he’d
just have stolen her car.
, and it would be so amazing if we could have you on stage for it…”
For the fact that Steve had just thoughtlessly pulled Tony in to kiss him, because he wanted to. The fact that it was unpolished and undramatic and…
All the feelings swelled up in Tony’s chest, much faster than his head could process them.
“...Wouldn’t it be easier to find somewhere that already had one?” Steve asked.
I am the only person who could possibly fix this problem –
And now Tony was just… staring at him. His lips slightly parted. His eyes wide and shining…
But he didn’t have to say them. Steve saw the resistance building under Tony’s skin and paused, nervously.
Steve had sort of forgotten he
At last, and without really thinking about it, Tony reached over and picked up the sketch. There was a warm, soft feeling when he turned it over, something he knew should be deeply unnerving but
And then Tony thrust into him harder, sharper, hitting that sweet spot inside him and holding him there.
still didn’t know what they were waiting for.
They were already walking under the entrance banner when Nat tugged against Steve’s grip, bidding him to stop. When he turned, Steve discovered that the others were all red faced and breathless - more from giggling than from the walk.
. And that probably didn’t make sense, but it felt like it made sense-
Tony spent a few minutes watching the numbers, running mental calculations and thinking back to his hypothesis… and then the little surge of satisfaction, as he felt it all fall into place. The equations balancing out, the patterns all locking together – he loved that feeling.
have cared about all the people who might be hurt in a badly run transition phase… but he couldn’t quite make that cognitive link, just yet. At this stage, he could only visualise it as a bunch of politicians and judges having to bicker amongst themselves until Steve could step in and fix it for them. And he had no personal passion for making politicians' lives easier.
“You did
say just made it seem like you were sorry people had to get hurt, but obviously it was for the greater good… Like you weren’t
But the door slid open before Steve had chance to say a word.
sure that I remembered Einstein’s IQ was 160, and actually asking myself if I was
“…Kind of” Steve admitted, with a self-depreciating little wince.
worth of work into this cover story, and taken particular care to avoid as much conflict as possible-”
Tony broke the kiss and raised his arms to loop them around Steve’s neck, resting his forehead against Steve’s.
Oh, the enormity of that…
“You have refused to communicate with the outside world, in
He felt Tony smile against his skin, his hand caressing affectionately into Steve’s side as he carried on kissing him, slowly and deliberately…
Tony looked up, and met Steve’s eye.
“You’re perfect,” Tony growled, pushing into him again. “Every inch of you, look at you…”
And then Tony’s hand sliding between Steve’s shoulders and the floor, helping him up just enough to lie in Tony’s lap. His hand curling protectively over the back of Steve’s head, guiding Steve to lean up a little. And then the edge of a water bottle, pressed so carefully to Steve’s lips. Steve didn’t even go to move his arms – he didn’t have to. He just parted his lips and let a burst of cool, clean water wash over his tongue, soothing his dry throat. He was
Steve didn’t even hear the words at first.
It felt like those nights during the war, when he’d catch someone’s eye from across a room and feel a spike of interest.
point, back then. Trying to say that it wasn’t
A quietness…
In every case, it was still
And, God, how he didn’t come
at the back of his head, still trying to bring various points to his attention,
aren’t necessary… but they probably are at an orgy.”
And then the warm, happy thrill of Steve’s skin against his, rolling gently through his sated muscles.
“No, because you look like shit, and this place is a mess,” Rhodey answered casually, standing up to leave. Tony snorted a laugh.
And Tony remembered too late that he wasn’t supposed to be ‘testing’ Steve, and hadn’t left himself time to work out if this impulse was spiteful or reasonable… so the response came out faltering, and hesitant,
And Steve could just see all those conflicts, there beneath the surface of their every interaction.
. That it was
sorry for what happened, Tony,” Sam started, very carefully. “I’m sorry that we did all that without telling you, and that it took that long for it all to come out. It was stupid and it was short sighted… but it was never personal. It was just us… getting it wrong.
“Just try not to attract too much attention to yourselves in the meantime, okay?”
“No, Steve-”
this relationship, this
better, actually. He hadn’t worked out what this slow, crawling sadness was, exactly… but ‘better’ wasn’t the word.
Sam, with his
. And Steve could just be
Steve could just drown in the closeness of him-
...So, now he just… didn’t know.
Obviously, in the end he’d opted with knowing.
Tony was briefly overwhelmed by all the issues he’d never imagined would apply. Thrilled and terrified to even be asking himself whether he could actually
And he was right in the middle of chastening himself for that –
And Steve smiled back, because he did. “But… I don’t think about things the same way as I used to.”
“And, if you are looking for the
going to get better from here. I promise.”
“And, for the record, I don’t
“No, I don’t regret it,” Steve carried on, more cautiously. “And, I mean… To be honest, I’d never really imagined myself… well, being in
He tried to ignore that feeling.
“Thank you,” Tony muttered, rubbing his eyes. He wasn’t even sure
troops came.”
fall back into those well-worn distancing techniques or familiar fears.
And of course, there was a part of Steve that wanted to call out to him. A wistful little instinct that clawed at his heart and tightened around his ribs, like he was holding himself back from something…
“I don’t know,” Tony admitted, with a shrug.
Tony carried on caressing Steve’s back, firmer now, rolling Steve’s skin from his fingers to the heel of his hand, working his way down from Steve’s shoulders. Steve could literally feel himself being taken apart piece by piece, until eventually he just sort of…floated away from himself. His eyes slipped shut, and a dreamy smile settled comfortably on his face, and he let that wonderful warmth soak right into him, all other thoughts completely forgotten.
, the sound Steve made.
wrong.
That he was allowed to like the idea of ceding control, or relinquishing responsibility, even such taboo thoughts as accepting kindness and praise - that there wasn’t any one way that it had to look.
“Of course you didn’t…” Tony exhaled, sadly. But before Steve could put his foot in it again, Tony continued, “well, does that mean you have a plan yet?”
It was how beautiful Steve was and how much Tony had always wanted him… the rapidly dawning realisation that, no, they
Which was the main reason it was taking him so long to get through this. He’d skimmed the entire folder more than once, but he still felt obliged to read it line by line - and, apparently, that wasn’t something he could focus on for longer than thirty begrudging minutes at a time.
his trust for Steve, after this one mistake… this one mistake that someone
But then it occurred to him just how glad he was of the excuse to get out of this situation for a moment…
He knew there
back to his holograms. “Pepper said that I had to see you. So. It’s probably her you should thank.”
“Oh, yeah,” Steve shook himself back to attention. “Yeah, just… weird to think of you and Bucky living together, I guess…”
He just carried on fucking into Tony, hard and fast, pulling Tony into every thrust, his face still creased in desperation. Tony choked out a sob, his grip slipping on Steve’s shoulder – not that it mattered. Steve’s grip was brutal, his body solid and immovable against Tony’s, his movements as powerful and irrefutable as a force of nature. Tony didn’t so much surrender to it as simply exist within it. There was no alternative, not even hypothetically, to letting these shocks crash into the waves of his orgasm, dragging it out, pulling increasingly sensitive sensations out of every weak and trembling inch of him.
He even showed enough foresight to kick his shoes off.
Steve smiled at that.
And then some balance in him tipped, as his tears got fed up of waiting politely behind his words, and his whole being just broke down into sobbing. All attempts to carry on with it had to be abandoned in favour of gasping for air, his body no longer able to hold it together in the face of all of this. And his throat hurt with the force of crying so hard, and his muscles felt weak, and his arms were trembling hard enough to shake the chains around them – and he
So, he dropped he head, and slid Steve’s cock into his mouth.
Steve could feel his heart getting heavier, with every cold, functional sentence that Tony uttered. He could
“If I remember rightly, you and your Nazi friends spent years trying to turn
Steve
“Why?” Tony gasped, his voice like cracked glass, right on the edge of splintering.
Probably some of the same questions that had just flooded into Tony’s head, all at once.
“…Okay, probably not a white supremacist,” Tony accepted with a self-aware little smile. “But you get my point. I don’t know him. In fact, the only thing I can really tell you is that he’s bad at small talk. And sort of uncomfortable to be around – and, if you think about it, kinda pushy. So, you know, he’s probably not even that likeable…” But he was increasingly aware of a dirty feeling crawling over his skin while he said this.
Part way down the stairs by now, Tony still heard Rhodey respond – as though it was the only reasonable interpretation of her objection,
This chapter also makes reference to the invasion of an alien planet and the enslavement of an alien race. This is discussed as an unambiguously horrific thing that obviously must be stopped, and, again, there are no graphic details given.
have to apologise to you, and it’s not even
Until he found Tony, sitting fully clothed in a chair by the window – already turning to look at him.
“Oh, Jesus-fuck, I,
He was just going to like this… and keep liking this… until Steve stepped away.
“Oh. Right,” Tony replied, still slightly sleep dazed. “Er, okay… come in, I guess.”
He’d smiled, as he tidied up his workshop - he might even have been humming.
kind of a way-
sorry, just so,
…The constellation of veins glowing right beneath the surface-
The part of it that was undeniably a human reaction to the pain Tony was feeling – a response to the part of
, and his heart skipped a beat.
“Goodnight, Bucky.”
And, for a moment, Steve was so distracted by the look on Tony’s face, so enamoured with the idea that he’d caught Tony’s attention
you get headaches…Like he already knew…”
“You.”
The scale of it alone was enough to take Tony’s breath away. It was a perfectly round structure, with a black marble floor in the centre that must’ve been
a baseball game to play for me, and picked one from the wrong year. I don’t know how professional an organisation this is, but a school kid tasked with that one would’ve known to go for something from the year of 1946, now wouldn’t they?”
And Tony paused, and raised his eyebrows,
…Steve should probably get around to feeling a bit unsure about that side of things, at some point.
knew…
And they weren’t a perfect articulation of his thoughts.
Over thinking the fact that Steve hadn’t called since he left - and occasionally talking himself out of the impulse to call Steve.
measure your IQ, right?” Tony observed, in that friendly, intrigued tone he used sometimes. It took Steve a second to even hear the question over the haze of his own happiness, and when he did, he just answered it.
control.
the residual effects of whatever he’d been high on, or the feeling of coming down… or if he was genuinely just so done with all of this.
can do to make Steve happy. I’m not saying I make him
“Is there a problem?” Tony frowned, trying to remember all the details from the Maximoff file. He knew there
His lips were stained with Steve’s blood.
At once, he was possessed of an almost physical panic, as he realised that he didn’t have words to explain how much he wanted to - that there
The fact that Steve wanted to kiss him at all.
Tony still daydreamed about having that argument with Steve, and he still enjoyed a wide range of fantasy responses that Steve might’ve had. Sadness, sympathy, remorse, fuck it, even anger… But Tony knew he wouldn’t enjoy the reality. A patronising, distant look, a softly spoken ‘I understand you’re upset’. Nope. He just couldn’t.
century, there were all these things that just… wouldn’t fit in my head?” Steve started, casually. “And, usually, it was because no one had bothered to mention that the scale had changed, or the context… Like, when Coulson was first telling me about you, and he just mentioned that you were worth something like twelve
The connection to the burning in his lungs and the heat flushing his face… and Tony’s reaction…
Okay, that was a
For a start – Tony
“I suppose…” Tony breathed, “… I’d say –
he felt, just… Like
The frantic exhilaration simmered down into deep,
come to see Steve as a real friend…
And Tony took that final step, and tilted his head up to kiss Steve very softly…
He was terrified that any move he made would send the whole thing crashing down around him - and painfully aware that he couldn’t stay still.
. I went off at you, for not tipping me off that there was something more going on, when really, I should have at least considered that for myself, I could’ve
had conspired to undermine everything he’d sacrificed his entire life to protect… there hadn’t been
...But being in a timeline where he did believe that things could work out differently, and where he wasn’t afraid to feel anything, was starting to make him realise the things he’d
“What time is it?” Bucky asked, rubbing his face. Steve scanned the room again in search of a clock, and eventually shrugged,
“You don’t think maybe they just brought us here to go to a party?” Pepper asked, finally focusing her gaze.
Tony looked lost.
And suddenly, Steve was so aware of his heartbeat pounding in his ears. He could feel the blood moving through his body, throbbing hot in his cock, pulsing in his throat…right there, just under his skin…
It irritated him that Steve kept catching him off guard, that he simply refused to behave like literally everyone else in Tony’s life so far-
And Tony actually
“Well, that’s the thing - it doesn’t have to be,” Tony informed him, looking him right in the eye. “But you can’t just turn up on my doorstep and tell me the world is in peril twenty times over, and not expect me to do something. Not if you really know me at all. And since I have to deal with
Steve felt his fingers twitch involuntarily, as a warm tingle spread outwards from his palms…
And, obviously, Maribelle shook her head, her eyes still wide and shining.
When Tony let go, the whole world returned to Steve in a rush. They were already standing by another bar, a few feet away from the dark-haired woman.
, not like other people could be, not… not like…
“There, now you can’t say anything.” Tony smiled, sweetly. And…
“Honestly – what ever happened to
different.
The sweet, shy guy who made awkward small talk and winced every time his friend had to have an injection… was Captain America. And, yeah, Tony knew all that before – but he’d never really thought about it. He’d never tried to fit all these different things he knew about Steve into the same picture. He’d never thought about Steve being that brave, or that strong-
But Tony hadn’t worked out what for, yet.
Steve was surprised to feel his voice running away from him, the words still flowing even as his lungs implored them to slow up. His heart began to race, pulsing in his throat, catching on every other syllable-
And then something inside him just
In that one kiss, Steve could feel everything he’d spent the last few weeks trying to explain, every nameless longing that he’d ever thought of as part of this… Everything he wanted tonight to be.
second guessed this, a little bit…
That chaos of voices that was
There
Clint pinched his lips.
Not over text – not when he was this tired. ‘
. And what you think and how you feel
Steve had tried very hard to convince himself that this was all just a professional concern – that he’d been awake for three days because he was worried about this mission going wrong.
. The reason Tony knew that…
...But he could make his peace with that.
And there just weren’t any other voices in Steve’s head, now.
earned. But that, obviously, Tony could
“The last time I took this, I think I ended up focusing
to drink – even if he’d completely forgotten his hunger. It wasn’t about his own physical needs anymore.
Steve threw his arms around him immediately, one across his shoulders, one tight around his waist, pulling Tony hard against him. Tony relaxed into it, opening his mouth, one hand caressing up along Steve’s neck and into his hair. Steve gripped him tighter, rocking against him, a sharp heat shooting through his hips as Tony moved to meet him, his other hand grabbing roughly at Steve’s shoulder. Steve felt Tony moan softly against his lips, clawing the fabric of Steve’s t-shirt into a fist, kissing him increasingly desperately.
stay here and try to deal with this thing themselves. He could take Steve to one of Maribelle’s parties, makes sure everyone saw how much Steve could drink without any effects, hope it was enough to get them an invitation to the heart of the operation. Tony already knew how they could take things down, if they could just get in there – there were lots of ways.  At least, if they did it that way, they could end this thing
They both paused, oblivious to the people pushing past them – but for different reasons.
And back then, Tony was so worried that one of them would work out that he was a vampire –  because then his secret might get out, and then there would be all
has to replace SHIELD,” Steve confessed. “And I think there was a time when that idea terrified me, because big, multinational bodies like that
There
he could maybe think about bumping into Tony…
that he was supposed to be with Steve right now… that he’d feel a lot more anxious, and in a very different way, if he just let Steve leave…
“Please, Tony, I’m going to come, please-” Steve groaned, pulling Tony’s hair into a fist. Tony moaned in response, sucking hard against the head of Steve’s cock, his palms caressing roughly into Steve’s thighs in time with his increasing rhythm.
,” he decided - still laughing even as he said it. “No, I’m not starting this again,”
...Tonight Steve was
I love him…” Tony went on, carefully – pleased by the way Rhodey’s smile warmed, as he spoke. “I don’t think this would’ve happened if it weren’t for him… But I
...He liked that
At least, it had since he woke up all alone in an alien future. A place where the words all sounded the same but meant something completely different, where society had shifted in such huge, multifaceted strokes that it couldn’t be comprehended or quantified or explained – you just had to be there.
, now wouldn’t it?”
fuck me, I wonder what that’s like. You know, I would have the most sympathetic story of any world ending super villain you ever met – but I didn’t even decide to just be a regular, slave owning corporate villain. I didn’t
Tony curled in on himself. Just like when he was a kid, waiting for his mom to come and tell him off.
Steve was going to be sorry for saying it. He knew Steve would panic, that he’d feel bad – that he’d try to take it back.
me – which I know sounds pathetic, but-”
Steve cuts his wrist open in order to feed Tony the blood he needs. It's only a two line description, but the injury and weapon ARE described. Steve's motivations are very clearly defined as not being related to self harm in any way.
Steve whimpered, and gasped, and writhed helplessly against Tony’s hands, as Tony dropped his head to lap at him again, shorter and sharper, the tip of his tongue pushing into him before it swept deftly along the edge of his hole, and then again, and again.
He tried to lose himself in Steve’s easy, earnest conversation, the way he had for the last few months. Tony
“You think you know what it might be?” Steve’s voice broke Tony out of his thoughts. There was such a sweet sincerity in his tone, a softness that Tony responded to before he could stop himself. He
…and then with rapidly increasing desperation, as he realised that he
“Nat says to get your asses outside before she has to come in and get you – and I know none of you want that.”
And then,
That he still didn’t know what Nick’s true motives were,
... And he never did find out whether she was joking or not.
He didn’t even go to push himself up
just sat there stoically and listened, Tony would’ve ended it there. Maybe Tony wouldn’t have fallen quite so far into this fantasy, if Steve hadn’t played his part so very well…
And Steve didn’t know if Tony would understand any of this,
make a thousand more apologies, just as soon as he sobered up… but
The thought of Steve having to love him in the knowledge of how little time they had.
“I – that is – Mr. Hammer.” She found she could not speak more, replaying those words Mr. Hammer had uttered so viciously.
“That’s not entirely a
Starks eyes flash something painful, “I made an exception for blood. Turns out they lied, it’s not thicker than water.”
“Antonia, I –“ Steven begins, before stopping. He took her hand; - whether she had not herself made the first motion, she could not say – she perhaps might have rather offered it – but he took her hand, pressed it, and certainly was on the point of carrying it to his lips when, from some fancy or other, he suddenly lets it go. Why he should change his mind when it was all but done, she could not perceive. The intention, however, was indubitable; and her hand feels bereft from the disappearance of the touch.  He left them immediately afterwards – gone in a moment. He always moved with such an alertness of mind which could neither be undecided nor hesitant, but now he seemed more sudden than usual in his appearance.
Howard puts him beside Tiberius Stone and tells him to play nice in a whisper made through gritted teeth and a hand clenched round his shoulder that makes Tony ache.
Miss Hill is only stopped but for a deliciously quiet moment, “I’m sure she could… Natasha is equal to anything, I’m sure Chinese would be only another latent ability yet uncovered. Did I tell you she is halfway through a reading list featuring 100 titles? One hundred!”
Natasha Romanov was an orphan, the only child of the elder Mrs Hill’s youngest daughter.
“He does not turn up for 20 years and then goes out of town?”
He doesn’t offer them platitudes, doesn’t try to ease their anxiety, and Tony’s absurdly thankful. He thinks in this moment he’ll bite the head off anyone who steps too close, anyone who speaks of Steve like another number, another casualty to war.
“Antonia, I will do you the justice of saying that you chose better for him than he chose for himself. Miss Potts has some … first rate qualities that are infinitely preferable to a sensible gentleman than Mrs Hammer. I was surprised by our conversation.”
He thinks, a lot later when he stares down at Tony sleeping softly beside him, tracing patterns against the other man’s chest, that he finally understands the 21
“Lieutenant Rogers is in stable condition and we hope to move him to Val-de-Grace in France tomorrow. I must warn you he will not look how you are used to seeing him -“
She was still full of steam and heat towards Mrs. Hammer when she met Steven next, for their weekly walk through the grounds of Hartfield. Usually, he had to slow his steps to match hers, but today her anger was her fuel, and he had to stride out to meet her.
He contrived that she should be seated by him; and was sufficiently employed in talking in hushed tones for a while, Antonia able to feel the weight of Natasha’s eyes on her all the while.
Captain Rogers was unsure of the consequence of this conversation, but from the look on both Miss Romanov’s and Mr Barton’s face, it was something that was of embarrassment to them both. Stranger still, as they walked into Hartfield and entered the hall, was Clint Barton’s inclination to delay his entry, with the determination of catching Natasha Romanov’s eye – in vain however, Natasha passed between them both into the hall, looking at neither.
Upon arriving back to Mrs. May’s, she had heard, that Mr. Rhodes had been there not an hour before, and finding she was not there nor particularly likely to be back soon, left a parcel.
“Dependency, trust and respect is not ‘charm’, Antonia.” Steven smarts in response, “They would feel they could trust him, the nephew who has done right by his father, would do rightly by them.”
“He professed his love to me, not Virginia, then proceeded to make some
” He says, threading command through his voice, dark and deep.
She was indebted to Captain Rogers (she tried and failed to think of him without blushing), and to Bruce. There was no denying the pair were more smart to this than she was. She remembered what Steven had once said to her about Mr. Hammer, the caution he had given of how Mr. Hammer would never marry indiscreetly, but she didn’t think either believed him of reaching as far as he had tried! It was dreadfully mortifying; but Mr. Hammer was proving to be, in many respects, the very reverse of what she had thought him; assuming, facetious, conceited and so very full of his own claims with little regard to others.
Sarah Rogers is named their new cook one day in a cold New York January. The frost creeps up Tony’s bedroom window as he stares out to the front gate. She arrives in a whirlwind, nursing a gasping old Chevrolet truck up through the archway and along the track to the house. It wheezes and groans as it stumbles down to the back entrance of the house, breaking through the overwhelming quiet like a hot knife through butter. Tony watches curiously as the delicate Sarah Rogers steps out the passenger seat, stares up at her new household, and grins. It takes Tony by surprise, the smile is one he has never seen before. It’s unguarded and happy and wide, and she opens her mouth to say something Tony can’t catch to her companion opening the drivers side. He catches a glimpse of well muscled arms, long fingers on large hands.
When they had first started dating, Tony had been worried about dirtying up Steve Rogers, about tainting him by association. He’d also, in a corner of his brain he’d never admit to, been saying a short goodbye to debauchery and decadence in the bedroom, assuming he’d never see anything more than the missionary position ever again. He’d laugh, now, to look back at how assumptions had made an ass of himself. Steve is filthy, free with it in the way only someone completely and utterly secure in not only his own sexuality, but his partners love and understanding, could be. They have a phenomenal sex life only hampered occasionally by Tony’s virility (because come on, he was a man closer to 50 than 40). But even then the heat they shared during those times had a certain sweet and simmering fire unique to them that Tony had come to love in its own way. Tony had done a lot of things in his life, but there was nothing like being with someone who loved you in a space safe enough for anything.
He looked at her, as if wanting to read her thoughts. She hardly knew what to say. It seemed like the forerunner of something absolutely serious, which she suddenly did not wish for all the world.
“Steve-“
“Oh, no I did not ever! I am sorry to hear we’ve mistaken one another.” Pepper cries, turning away distressed.
"Anyway," he coughs out eventually, before sliding two sleek black key cards across the marble desk, "please accept our best penthouse suit, with our most humble apologies. If you need anything at all, or wish to take this further I," he gulps, "I completely understand Mr Stark."
Miss Virginia ‘Pepper’ Potts was the natural daughter of somebody. Someone had placed her in Mrs May’s care a few years back, and her beauty and intelligence had shone through to the interest of Highbury. That, however, was all that was generally known of her history. Despite their similarities, Antonia did not spend as much time as she wished in the girl’s company. Pepper had been away, as far as Antonia had been aware, to see some of her friends in the country who had been at school there with her. She walked toward the camp of Miss Hill, Mrs May and Antonia with a shy gait that Antonia was forever trying to train out of her.
The wry smile that causes his laughter lines to crinkle.
he remembered spitting at him in the moments where he was Captain and Tony was Stark. With the benefit of hindsight, he felt a wave of shame and guilt over those moments in the Helicarrier, especially when it was Tony who made the sacrifice play, and it was Steve who cut the wire, who closed the portal believing that he’d lose the brilliant man to space.
Bruce and Betty's daughter is named Harriet as a nod to the original, far more vacuous, Harriet of the novel.
deal of good-will towards you. Why, I felt I had no choice but to offer use of the carriage to him, your manner was so encouraging.”
with self-interest blinding him, should have mistaken hers.
?” she says the last word quietly, hushed.
Steven always lifts a room upon entering, but this time he does so with such a commanding air it stops the room dead. His broad shoulders fill the doorway, and his gaze lands on Antonia, soft and as warm as the crackling fire of Highbury. “Now I don’t wish to alarm anyone, but the snow has begun to fall, fairly fast, but there is no danger of anyone being marooned here by it.” He speaks only to Antonia now, “I’ve just been down the Highbury road, the snow currently is not above half an inch anywhere. I believe Maria should head home to Highbury, with you and Elizabeth for sure. I can round up the rest and make sure everyone gets home safely.”
Natasha Romanov had been exceedingly lucky, or at least as lucky as an orphan could be. She had the good fortune to fall into good hands, knowing nothing but kindness from the Coulsons, and given an excellent education. However her childhood before the Coulson’s had been bitter – if the rumour mill was to be believed – with a mother neglecting her in her haze of grief to the point of abuse.
“Well, Nat spied on him for weeks, and called him a self-destructive textbook narcissist that wasn’t allowed on the team - and the next time he sees her it’s ‘
Oh, Tony wasn’t sure he
” Tony whimpered, weakly, his eyes falling closed again-
Like there was nothing left to lose, no more it could possibly hurt, nothing he could possibly ruin more than he had – nothing that could possibly be worse that just losing Tony now, like
of the people who are going to make a power grab in the next few years,” he tried again. “And I know how they’re going to do it, and exactly what they’re going to try to build… and why that doesn’t work. And, yeah, I do know how I’d want things to go instead. And, okay, things might not work out that way. This isn’t a… step-by-step plan for global conquest, or anything…” He was greatly reassured when Tony snorted a laugh at that - and then simply looked at Steve to continue… like this was all perfectly reasonable… “But, yes, I think it might be a great help, one day, if we knew exactly what was on all of those Hydra files…”
He remembered Steve saying,
Because maybe then he could answer them.
...To lean into it, even.
Like it was
“Well, thank you,” Tony smiled, eventually - sounding like he’d decided against saying something else. “But it’s okay - I mean, I get it… I know he just panicked and messed up, and I’m not even mad about it… I know it’s not the end of the world, and it’s not worse than half the shit I’ve done and… I don’t know. I should never have yelled at him like that. I guess that was me just trying to get his attention, too.”
changes today. And I just… want you guys to be there from the start of it, I guess.”
“It’s not that, Steve-”
But Tony
“What sort of questions?”
Tony could imagine himself dropping Steve’s wrist, so that he could finally run his palms over that
After a few seconds, Tony seemed to settle somewhere between amazed and wary - so, Steve did the same. And then, a pretty blush colouring his cheeks, Tony managed to meet Steve’s eye again, and muttered quietly,
“You may be pleased to hear that I believe I’ve found a current owner of the Etienne Rossinhol Diary,” JARVIS announced cheerfully. “A copy was purchased through a private sale in 1992, from an unidentified buyer, by a Dr Mondésir. Records indicate that it may still be here in New York.”
planning to stay here, and what the hell he was going to do with that time. He expected there to be an onslaught of images, an impossible number of beloved memories that he wanted to revisit.
Tony gasped, as Steve took the length of him – right to the back of his throat. “Oh fuck, Oh God-”
“...No,” Rhodey replied with a shake of his head, “I didn’t see anyone after I left you guys, until Galileo knocked on my door… And said to go get you, for dinner…”
coincidence…
I want to kick you in your perfect teeth…. I don’t. And it wasn’t fun, even when I was doing it, and it’s been horrible to think about ever since. And, just so you know, I’m sorry for it. I’ll… tell you that properly, when we get home…”
In all likelihood, that fit of giggles would have broken through, whatever he did - he was too far into it, by then.
something about that-
And then he felt Tony’s hands around his wrist again, firm and caring and strong, and of course Steve let him move his arms-
“So, what exactly happened with it?” Tony asked Barnes, a tad too sharply.
And then Tony felt Steve’s whole body tense,
His brain had apparently short circuited, the second Tony touched him. There wasn’t a single thought in Steve’s head as Tony melted against him, the warmth of Tony’s mouth against his, the sting of Tony’s fingertips, digging into his back. It just
