Steve’s sitting on the lip of the tub, halfway through pulling his boots off. It takes him a long few seconds to drag his eyes up to Tony’s face, his cheeks flushed vaguely pink.
“We need someone on home base Tony.”
Tony holds out a wrist to him, face up, in a gesture as old as humankind. “If you like,” he says, a little coy now.
“So, sorry I’m late!” he says. “We had a little visit from Thor’s ex, who is apparently the love goddess that Friday is named after and is so magically beautiful that she makes men stupid for her. Literally. She stopped in for a chat, I couldn’t brush her off, you know how it is.” Dr. Chandrakar looks disbelieving but also wildly amused, which is really why Tony hired him to help run R&D in the first place. Stark Industries needs a little madness and creativity to run smoothly; he’d know better than most. “I’ve got readings for you, working on some high tech magic detection that we can sell a B-List version of to SHIELD, the usual. I’ll send you the specs when I’ve got the kinks worked out.”
“What do you wanna do, tie her down? Torture her? Beat her until she talks?” Tony asks, and behind him he can hear Steve inhale, deep and bracing. Natasha raises a disapproving eyebrow at him, but otherwise says nothing. “She’s not gonna talk with you here. Those are her terms.”
“There’s nothing you can do, Reed,” Tony says tiredly. He offers his old friend a small, genuine smile. “But thank you, for coming.”
Tony blinks. “Oh.”
Steve had heard all this, but he knew JARVIS was walking him through it as a way to calm him down. He stood, pacing the living room once, twice, before moving into the kitchen and filling a glass of water.
Steve sucks in a breath. “I don’t want to forget.”
Steve looks nonplussed by Tony's manic babbling. He rubs at his brow with one thumb. "Uh, it was… It was good. I like the priest there a lot. Been a while since I've been to mass, but uh." He colours, licks his teeth. It's strangely sexy. "Yes, my da was named after St. Joseph. I didn't know him real well, but I can tell you he wasn't much of a saint."
“This is Tony’s secret, not yours, and so you don’t want to betray his confidence,” she said finally, shoulders releasing a bit of tension. “I understand that. What do you need me to do?”
“Secret’s out,” Steve agreed, “we’re all just dysfunctional assholes.”
Tony unlocks the car. Gets in. Breathes.
“Did he come back?”
"We are! We're friends. We're still friends, right?"
Steve’s expression shifts through irritation, wry humour, and finally, into a curious kind of examination that Tony recognises well, now. It’s how Steve seems to look at him a lot these days, like he’s trying to puzzle Tony out.
“Right.”
“JARVIS,” he asks, slowly, “Tony never…he didn’t cheat on Pepper. He wouldn’t.”
“I was
“Tony,” Steve sighs. They’re barely touching, now: just their hands, fingers lightly resting together in a cage of flesh and bone on the sheets between them. He strokes a careful thumb over Tony’s fingers.
When he got downstairs, Bruce was already set up in the conference room, holo-screens flashing as he tried to track the origin of the SUVs. Tony had taken to calling it the War Room, and the rest of the team had picked up on it. It was an accurate assessment as any. Steve’s favourite feature was the long glass table that could light up 3D maps. It was presently tracking the vehicles as they dodged both the local police and SHIELD, leading them on a horrifying merry car chase through the city.
As aforementioned, I am now returning to uni and as such, updates will be more sparse. I will try to keep it bi-weekly, but it'll depend on my workload obviously. As usual, thank you for reading and I hope you’re enjoying the fic! All criticism, comments, etc. are welcome.
“Octopodes,” Tony corrects him, and Steve raises his eyebrows and nods:
“It’s 1:36 PM on Saturday, April 9th, Captain,” JARVIS supplies obligingly. Steve gapes, sitting up in bed with more force than he probably should have. His entire body feels like one giant bruise. “How are you feeling?”
Steve whined involuntarily. He couldn’t help it, but the sound made Tony smile.
“Well, okay,” he says. “How about the Brooklyn Bridge? A huge amount of Irish workers died during construction from the bends, and they haven’t really been honoured properly.”
“Tony, that’s not what I meant,” Steve tries, but he knows he’s already pulled the train off the rails. There’s no way to stop it now; he knows how Tony is when he gets like this.
“Of course, Captain.”
“And the team that found you?”
“Who knows?” he says. “SHIELD was never really on the up and up, let’s be real here.” It would be easier, if they could blame every shady thing the American government had ever done on Hydra, but Tony knows it isn’t that easy. It’s why Steve and Nat had elected to publish everything online, Snowden-style. As ham-handed as Tony thought that choice had been, he understood it. There was no way to sort out what was Hydra and what was just good old American imperialism; better to reveal all of it, and let the world see every misdeed for what it was.
“Sorry,” he said, scrubbing a hand through his hair. “I’m…I thought I was okay.”
“She’s picking up tricks as he lays them out for her,” Clint observes, and Tony nods, because he’d noticed that too. Loki was teaching her Asgardian knife fighting, in his own way. Tony had no idea what the fuck that meant, but he was sure it meant something. “When she begins to catch up, he pulls out something new.”
“I really need you to listen to…everything. Before you talk.” Tony pads towards him, sitting down close enough that their knees brush each other. “Can you…could you do that? For me?”
The sound that rips from Tony’s throat is best described as a sob, and Steve is up and on his feet before it’s even fully finished. He crosses the penthouse floor with a few swift steps, coming around the bar to pull Tony’s shaking body into his arms. Tony’s hands are trembling, his shoulders, his whole frame. He feels like he’s coming apart in Steve’s hands, and Steve wishes desperately that he knew what to do. He doesn’t feel like he’s qualified to love Tony. He feels like he needs at least another decade of study, a manual, at least a little bit of relationship experience. He went from a single kiss on the tarmac and pining from afar to this, and he doesn’t know how to do this. He doesn’t know how to convince Tony that this is the right thing to do, because he doesn’t know if it is. He wants, and for him, that’s enough. It’s had to be. But he doesn’t know if they can make it out the other side.
This a story that is very near and dear to my heart as someone who, let’s just say, grew up in a situation that’s superficially similar to what is described here re: Howard being a shitty parent and wanting an alpha child. Tony is a trans alpha, and his abusive dad wanted an alpha kid. Thus, Tony has nasty heapings of internalised transphobia and sexism to unpack. I like to think that Steve is going to help him with that moving forward in their relationship, since everything's on the table at this point.
“We can sleep on the way,” Tony says stubbornly, pulling out of Loki’s grasp, but stops short when a fleck of gold appears before him, expanding outwards until it shows an aerial view of São Paulo, of all things.
“The thing is,” Steve says, rubbing a hand over his mouth, “uh. Neither of us think I should be leading the team. Right now. Or, until. Um.” He shrugs, blue eyes trailing to his plate. Then Steve puts a piece of apple in his mouth and begins to chew, like the absolute asshole that he is. His eyes flick to the rest of the table.
, Tony…”
“Now you know how I feel,” he counters. “Watching you in the workshop with your shirt off, smeared up and down with grease and dripping with sweat…”
“I know it’s Steve,” Tony corrects him, and Peter quirks a sceptical eyebrow.
“What do you want to do?” Stephen asks him.
“Wonder what these are made of, that they held you. Kevlar titanium weave, maybe? They’re a little shiny. J, grab a sample, maybe we can steal-”
“Miracles happen every day, sir.”
“Are you serious?” he hisses, heart thundering in his chest. “Jesus fucking Christ on a pogo-stick!”
“You’re a fucking miracle,” Tony gasped, still in the throes of his orgasm, and Steve hummed at the praise. The way it made Tony’s eyes roll back in his head was just a bonus. “Holy fucking shit, I’ve never- I mean, I knew it was a thing, I’m me, but no one’s ever…”
Tony’s always loved flying. There was nothing quite like the adrenalin of that first drop, and the second, and the third, the wind roaring by as he speeds towards the ground at terminal velocity. He loves the weightlessness of his limbs in the cushioning air. He loves the way the world stretches out like a map beneath him, the shuttling carapaces of the cars and the roads disappearing into webwork, an intricate moving model of life stretching as far as the eye can see. That was one of the funny things about the East Coast; they’d run out of space so much that the spaces between settlements had been eaten up, one town indistinguishable from the next as you crossed the landscape.
“Nobody is competing against anyone,” he says hotly, frustrated. “Now get out of here, before we do something we both regret.”
“It’s not just sex,” Tony said, and Steve let out a breath. “You’re not that kind of omega.”
Steve doesn’t want to wait. He wants Tony now. He presses forward, sucks open-mouthed kisses along Tony’s jaw, his neck. He licks into the hollow of his throat.
“You’ll have these,” Bruce said. He turned to meet Steve’s eye, nodding seriously at him. He held one of the masks up for demonstration. “Tony and I have been working on these for a while. The gel creates a hermetic seal around the face. They’re also equipped with both night and heat vision, which you can toggle on the side. Once you peel off the plastic film and put them on, you won’t be able to remove them without the detaching agent unless you’re willing to tear your skin. Make sure you’ve got them placed where you want them before you attach them. Even with these on, minimal or no contact is still the best plan unless you all want to go through a decontamination shower before you enter the tower, so call me as soon as you’ve got him.”
he thought, and then,
Steve glances around at the cubicles and scattered desks in the small area he’s in. There are a handful of fans around the place, and everything is pinned down with staplers or cups of pens or, rarely, actual paperweights. Somewhere warm, then. He glances over what things are out, and his eyebrows raise as he chances upon an unopened letter left in a mail bin on someone’s desk.
“Too lazy,” Tony mumbles, the second half of his sentence slurred by a yawn, and Steve laughs softly in his ear.
"Should I text you his number? Or maybe I should give it to JARVIS. He can schedule an appointment," Steve goes on, and Tony drops his head into his hands.
Steve is just as gentle as promised, working so slow that Tony is most certainly hard again by the time he pulls his fingers out. He’s sure his collarbones are littered with a few marks, and he’s too old for that, surely. Steve likes marking him, though; he likes to see evidence that he’s been there, that this isn’t a dream, that Tony is still here with him. Tony made him promise to always do it in places that were easy to cover, but he kind of thinks it’s hot. He’ll never admit that to Steve, even if he’s pretty sure he knows.
“Tell him no giant stuffed animals, live animals, or buying her favourite sports team. Nothing that costs more than five figures,” Steve listed, only half-kidding.
"Perhaps if he had properly introduced himself instead of sneaking about like a petty thief, I might be better informed."
Steve fell back asleep after another orgasm, Tony’s fingers light and teasing on his cock as his knot pressed up against his sweet spot. It was almost like a heat, without the mindlessness. Everything was good. Everything was right.
Logan moves further into the room and lets the door shut behind him. The soft snick of his claws echoes menacingly in the room, and he spreads his arms wide, wide enough that as he circles Steve’s lifeless body he almost scrapes the wall. “Thought you were smart enough to outwit Iron Man? Fat chance o’ that. How many times’ve you failed now, huh Casper?”
“Ohhhh,” he says, blinking. “Yeah, this would’ve come up on his Tumblr adventures, huh.”
“Tony?” he asked, something like fear curling inside him, and Tony roused as though waking from a dream. His expression flickered, then settled into something like wonderment.
Tony frowns, lingering over the word ‘fragile.’
God, Stephen is never going to let him live this down.
Tony’s chest tightens a little as he stares at her. Natasha’s expression is a flat mirror, something he knows from experience is her way of being honest. Any emotions that might betray her are reduced to micro-expressions, but they’re still there. It’s different from the emotionless mask The Black Widow wears, more open in its emptiness. For what feels like the hundredth time in these past colourful and maddening years, Tony wishes he could have fallen in love with her instead. In some universe, he thinks, they would fit beautifully; two liars, drinking to drown their consciences, playing at ruthlessness because it was what they were trained to be.
"No, it was...I touched him and my hand went right through his face. He wasn't there. He just wanted to talk."
“This is what has you so preoccupied,” Thor said, slow, as though he was working something out for himself. “It is not that Tony is missing, it is whatever you and Bruce are afraid of happening.”
Steve had never been up to the Xavier Institute before, and was mostly familiar with it due to Avengers business. It was good for those in the superhero community to keep appraised of one another, after all, and he and Tony had been doing some good work forging a real international community before everything had blown up recently, both metaphorically and literally. The campus is as beautiful and green as it looks in the SHIELD files, complete with a few children tossing a Frisbee back and forth on the grass. The mansion is just as impressive in person as he’d expected it to be, and he walks up to the huge open doors with trepidation.
Steve nuzzles into his temple and presses a soft kiss there. It’s strangely tender, and Tony turns his head to study him. He can feel Steve’s pulse through the hyper-sensitive skin of his tentacles.
“In a comforting way, like-”
“Danvers will make both of our lives a living hell if you don’t take her.”
Steve huffs. “You could say that. It was still seen as kind of…well. Unclean, I guess, might be the nicest way to say it. People’d assume things about you, the kind of person you were, the things you liked.” He shrugs, uncomfortable, and slides down the bed until his shoulders are propped on the pillows, the camera staring up at his face from his chest. “But you know all that from the history books, I’m pretty sure.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve snorts. “Mm, nope. I don’t recall.”
Bruce looks sick at the thought, and Loki looks at him. “She was in shock by the time you arrived, and did not engage you. It’s entirely possible for her to not have noticed a defensive spell. If you agree…?”
“Rude.” Tony clears his throat and slides his phone back into his pocket, then goes ahead and uses the bathroom because might as well. When he gets back out, Sam Wilson is vomiting into the kitchen trash can, and Tony raises an eyebrow at Natasha, whose twitching mouth conveys the vaguest air of amusement. She hooks a thumb at Loki, who shrugs.
“Steve.”
was the one who did it was four years ago, and we weren’t together then,” Tony said stubbornly. In defiance to his words, his arms had wound themselves around Steve’s neck, nails scraping gently at the short hairs at the back of Steve’s neck.
: a lot of these can get you HRT, believe it or not. They don’t just provide abortions, despite how some people wanna spin it. There’s also probably some local orgs near you, depending on where you live.
“I felt him,” Tony says, unnecessarily. It’s clear to anyone with eyes. “I…shit.”
“No, Loki’s got it,” Tony says, using Loki’s pulse to slow his breathing. “Fuck. Tell Nat we’re good here for now, and thanks.”
“I’ve been in love with you,” Steve says, and Tony blinks because
“You’re always so sensitive here,” he murmured. He pulled back, straining his spine in a steep bow to get his lips around one of them, and Steve let out a skirling cry at the feel of his tongue laving over the pebbled, reddening nub. Tony sucked at him, his thighs tucking under Steve’s body and forcing his spine into an arch to better meet Tony’s mouth. “Maybe after this I can use the clamps. What do you think?”
, please, don’t- ah, don’t stop-”
Eventually, he can hear the sounds of Steve packing up. He cracks one eye to find Steve looking at him, an expression of unbearable vulnerability on his face. It’s the first time he’s actually looked as young as he is, and Tony’s heart trips in his chest. For a long moment, they just stare at each other, solemn and helpless. Then Steve clears his throat, and looks away.
Bruce considers him, then waves the plate of toast in his face. Tony takes another slice and munches obediently.
Bruce raises an eyebrow at him.
“Hilarious,” Tony mutters, but he snags a tablet, shrugging his suit jacket off and draping it over the back of the sofa. He collapses down into it, kicking his socked feet up on the table. “Hit me. Most urgent to least urgent. Let’s see what I can get through without wanting to jump off the landing pad, J.”
The words land like a physical blow, but it’s a necessary one. Tony has been compared to Cassandra more times than Steve can count. It’s an old, tired metaphor. But still, the classics are sometimes classic because their lessons are important. Because they teach something new to each successive generation.
“Okay,” he manages. It’s quiet, almost a whisper, but he knows Steve can hear it. He swallows. He turns back to his work, blindly. He can barely see the tools in front of him. He’s in no fit state to solder. “Cool. Good talk.”
"I hate you," Sam says, and Steve laughs outright. "Not everyone can eat pure fat and come out with a waist trimmer than a prepubescent girl. Some people run to stay fit."
“I watched you,” Loki admits, and Tony swallows thickly.
Steve lets out a bark of laughter, trying to squirm away, but Tony’s committed now. He half-climbs into Steve’s lap, pressing his advantage as Steve laughs, shoving at his face.
“Cool.” He leaves it on the little table under the board. “I don’t have enough tchotchkes. I should have more tchotchkes, right?”
Pepper raises a single eyebrow at him, and Tony turns further, blinking at the sight of Loki curled into the other side of the mattress, mostly covered in sheets except for a shock of black hair, green eyes. He blinks up at Tony, catlike, and Tony swallows.
“Hell yes it does,” Tony squawks, affronted. “It keeps me alive. You know how they say just because you’re paranoid doesn’t mean they’re not out to get you? People are always literally out to get me.”
“I promised I would not use this against you,” Loki says calmly, but his fingers tighten around Tony’s wrists. He presses his forehead to Tony’s breathing deep. “With me, come now.”
“There’s nothing to get messy! Loki’s…flirting, and Pepper even said I should encourage him so he’ll be seduced to the dark side. Or, the not-dark side. The rebellion? And Steve’s…just imprinted like the little lost duckling he is. I’ll talk to him.”
“Sir,” JARVIS says, hesitant, “perhaps you ought to not be in the field for now. We do not have definitive proof that the only thing affected by this spell is your relationship to Captain Rogers. What if you are forced to obey anyone who looks like him? Or anyone dressed as Captain America? Or anyone you are sufficiently attracted to?”
“Well,” Tony hedges, “you said this wasn’t a one and done. So.”
Rogers nodded. He turned to glance past Tony, towards the door. “Sounds like a blizzard.”
true-”
“Oh please. I was a doe-eyed underage twink when I showed up at a college full of sexually repressed nerds. It was a miracle my virginity lasted 48 hours.”
“Cap was the best fighter of us all. He didn’t die because you tied your shoe, Tony. Whatever it is, I’m sure we’ll figure it out. But you can’t do this to yourself.”
Steve frowns. “Well. I-…wouldn’t say that,” he says, but he’s not sure, now. That is kind of what he said, isn’t it? “Jeez, I dunno. I just meant that’s what I saw happen, was all. I don’t mean to call it good. I wouldn’t wish what I went through on anyone, Professor.”
“I would approximate fifteen minutes or so, if everything goes well.”
“I have a meeting,” he says, pushing himself to standing, and Beth and Pepper are giggling at each other now, sharing knowing looks. “Goodbye, ladies.”
, what the hell does that make me-”
He stops. Clears his throat. Glances up. Clint’s face is screwed up in absolute outrage, but he’s keeping quiet, which Steve supposes is all he can really ask of him. Natasha’s face is unsurprised, piercing. Her mouth is pressed into a red line across her pale face.
“My best guess? I’m a woman,” Natasha says. Her mouth quirks slightly. “Also, I don’t process sexual attraction the way most people do.”
“Steve knew people. He knew how they worked. He knew how they fit together. He knew how his enemies would behave, almost with preternatural intelligence, which was what made him such a fearsome tactician. But he knew real people, too. Citizens he met and spoke to every day. The name of the man who ran the bodega three avenues over from the mansion, who’d always made him his breakfast sandwich just how he liked it. The regular volunteers at the soup kitchen he volunteered at. He knew the name of the kids and spouses of every security guard who works the front desk at the tower. My favourite restaurant. What I want to eat when I’m having a bad day. What I want to eat after a gruelling battle. What show to put on when I need a break. What record to put on when I’m in a good mood. All of his eidetic super-soldier brain abilities, zeroed down to what kind of milk and sugar every Avenger who’s ever lived with us likes in their morning coffee or tea.
“I wouldn’t say easily dismissed,” Steve says, slowly. “I think Tony’s an optimist, actually. People disappoint him.”
to know his dynamic,” he says out loud. He tests the idea out, poking at the edges of it in his mind. “Because it’s irrelevant.”
“No excuses.”
“Okay, Tony.”
“Steve, I’m close,” Tony gasped, and Steve rumbled his displeasure. He wasn’t done with Tony yet. “Fuck, baby, I can’t, I
“We have intel that puts him elsewhere. He’s not involved.”
“Cap had to know,” he says.
Tony turns over on his side, pillowing his head on his folded arm. He gives Steve his full attention. “Okay, Gloria Steinem, what am I getting here? A book report? A discussion group?” He wiggles his eyebrows. “You want a physical demonstration?”
There’s the briefest of pauses; it’s almost an eternity for JARVIS. Tony knows why. He hasn’t prepared for a flight of that magnitude. He’s still wearing a t-shirt and sweatpants and nothing else. But Gemini was built for this. Now’s as good a time as any to put him to the test.
“I will,” Tony says, still locking eyes with Steve. “J, how’s our pickup looking?”
“No, I think that was surprisingly apt of you, actually, considering your own lack of emotional acuity.” Tony blinks at that, spinning around again. Natasha’s smile is wry, pointed, and Tony smiles back, hesitant. The smile drops off her face, and Tony tenses again; he can almost hear it shatter as it hits the ground.
“I’m counting on it,” Steve tells him. He means it wholeheartedly. “Thank you, Franklin.”
“I have a few things to finish up before I might choose to return, but your sacrifice is noted,” Loki says, not answering Tony’s question, as usual. He’s smiling pityingly now, and Tony sticks his tongue out at him. Because he’s childish, around Loki. He can admit it. “I should be back by the end of the day, and thus I expect that my place in your bed shall be empty.” He grins, all teeth. “Make a note.”
“How’s it feel?” Sam asks him, quiet. He leans a little into Steve, shoulders touching. “Overwhelmed?”
“What?” Tony breathes, and Steve huffs out a soft laugh against his jaw.
“Fair,” he says, and Maria rolls her eyes.
Steve glances at the upcoming street sign. "Wanna meet me at Pershing Square Café at seven? Double back whenever you feel ready. We can grab breakfast for the team."
“I am meant to be the discordant note,” Loki says absently, watching Tony’s ministrations with some bemusement. He leans in to sniff Tony’s mousse, then wrinkles his nose. “A villain is a predictable role. I am the God of Chaos, of Mischief, of Fire. I am meant to be a bright bolt of colour in the dull weave.”
“You didn’t,” Carol says fiercely, and Steve chokes back a gasp, because,
“It’s a beautiful ass, you’re just jealous.”
They sit in silence for a long time. Before them, the sun inches over the horizon, creeping slowly. From up here, there are no buildings tall enough to block it quite yet. It’s too early in the day. Instead, Tony hums a few bars, swinging his legs in the air. He watches Steve finish his drawing: Tony, mouth bruised, eyes glittering with an expression that Tony can’t quite read, himself. Fear, maybe, or fury.
, Act I, Scene I, Lines 40-43
“I’ve been out since 1987,” Tony tells him, rolling his eyes. “I’m a mess. You know it. Everyone knows it. I’m an alcoholic. I’m a whore.”
Sometimes, you want something for so long it becomes abstract. It’s something you stare at through a shop window, desperate and hungry and knowing you can never have it. It would be easy to think that Tony’s lived too rich of a life to know that feeling, but Steve knows better. He knows that Tony spent most of his life that way: desperate for the life that he saw other families have, on television and all around him, and never ever getting the love and affection that all children expect by right. It’s funny sometimes, the dichotomy of that: Steve so, so loved and too poor to buy shoes; and Tony, so lonely and yet surrounded by all the things money could buy. Other times, it makes Steve wonder what it is that kept Tony good, what it is that separates him from all of the terrible, hurt, powerful men they go out and fight week after week. There is something inside Tony that is, just as he claims, made of iron: strong and unbreakable and absolutely true. Modest, even. It is the source of the driving hunger that lives inside of his brilliant, untameable mind. It is the fact that Tony is at his happiest two days into no sleep, smeared up and down with grease and sweat, deep into his engineering mania. There is no purer form to him that that central, unchangeable essence of him. Everything else—the clothes, and the cars, and the models, and the parties—all of it was a smokescreen that hid this man, fragile and aching for someone to see him. Really, truly see him.
“Define interesting. You want the news that’ll make you mad, the news that will make you cry, or the news that will make you regain some hope for humanity?” Bruce asked archly, and Steve grimaced.
“Thom Bogdan had been a grief counsellor for thirty years and treated over fifty vets. He died on the floor below because he’d fallen asleep in the car waiting for his wife while she went shopping for Saint Patrick’s Day decorations.”
Tony snorts. “Don’t think I don’t know you were aiming for three all along. You’re not a good negotiator.”
Tony leaves Loki to deal with him, turning purposefully towards the elevator and taking off before anyone else can waylay him. He has the suit follow him, and he can hear Rhodey and the War Machine armour heading up the rear, the clank and the reliable military clip. Tony braces himself for the interrogation he knows is coming. Unlike Loki, Rhodey never promised not to use Tony’s aversion to being boxed in against him. Instead, he waits patiently until they’re inside the closed elevator to speak, eyes never leaving the closed doors of the elevator.
“Well,” Tony said, gesturing upstairs to where Widow Barnes was watching over the floor with a shrewd eye, “the lovely ladies of our town are still working. The drinks are still pouring. The show must march on.”
“Did you hear him, girl?” he asked, petting her gently. He eased up on the reins. “Where’s he at?”
He rubs a hand over his mouth, then turns back to Loki. “Alright,” he says, “why don’t we get you two cleaned up?”
“Stephen!” he crows, standing. He spreads his arms out wide. “God, I could fucking hug you. Can I hug you? Are you good? Where the hell have you been? What about Clea and Wong?”
“Hey Tony,” Steve said, hating himself a little even as he stepped into the penthouse kitchen. He didn’t even really have a good reason to be here, but he and Tony had been friends for a while now. They led the team together, shared meals and talked shop. He was given free reign of the tower, all the Avengers were, and Tony really didn’t have a strict understanding of personal space. He probably didn’t think anything of Steve always ducking into his personal floor.
“We’re eating now,” Tony admits, “but I’ll probably be hungry again by the time you come up.” He clears his throat. “I’m giving it to Natasha.”
“Would you be alright?” Tony asked, and Steve smiled at him, helpless and so filled with love it felt like he would burst. He pressed a kiss to Tony’s brow, breathing in deep the smell of him, the sharp acrid scent of Manhattan in the cold, the scents of sweat and sex and home.
“Yeah,” Tony says, subdued, and Stephen nods.
Ah, yes. Because Steve believes in soulmates, and he’s determined to martyr himself for Tony’s comfort out of misplaced obligation. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.”
He’d be doing something normal. Eating cereal. Going for a run. Training in the gym, or washing a mug out, or petting a stranger’s dog. Then, suddenly, something would remind him; the glint of metal off of a passing CitiBike wheel, or a statue of lovers embracing in a fountain glimpsed through the black wrought-iron gates of some Park Avenue courtyard, or even the sound of church bells. Once, Tony had come into the kitchen, offered him a chaste morning peck, then bent down to tie the laces on one of the many pairs of garish, ugly, horrifically overpriced sneakers he wore far too often. The sight of Tony bent on one knee had sent Steve into a paroxysm of joy for one fleeting second, quickly followed by terror, then spine-locking embarrassment when he’d realized what Tony was actually doing. By the time Tony had straightened up, Steve had managed to get ahold of himself, but he’d completely overcooked the egg he’d been trying to fry. For once, he was the one ducking out, claiming to be busy while actually avoiding Tony. He was eternally thankful that Tony hadn’t noticed and called him out on it, partially because he knew how hurt Tony would be, but also because he didn’t know what he would say, yet. He wasn’t quite ready to talk about it, even if his mind was stuck, playing back the same line over and over and over like a broken record.
“Food vendors,” Grace adds, and Pepper throws up her hands.
“Pepper and I have had contingencies set up for this since Afghanistan,” Tony said, and his voice was flat now. “Drop it.”
“You’d know about madness,” Tony says, and Loki’s expression shifts sideways into unbridled fury. “You know, I’ve never asked Thor if you were this psycho before you found out daddy never loved you, or only after the whole torture in the void episode.”
“Yess,” Loki hisses, and slides to the floor, and then he’s pulling Tony out of his pants and his briefs and his mouth is there, hot and wet and slick as sin. He pulls at Tony’s hips, swallowing him all the way down, and Tony knows exactly what it is he wants. He pushes the hair out of Loki’s eyes and shifts his hips up, at first tentative, then a little harder when Loki moans so loud Tony’ can feel the reverberation all the way through his chest, down to his toes, in his fingertips. He cradles Loki’s head in his hands, presses one thumb to the corner of that beautiful sharp jaw and rolls his hips, the other hand resting on the side of Loki’s throat to feel it work, to feel the rolling, tensing, the swallowing both under his fingers and all around him.
“All these years, all I’ve ever wanted to do is take care of you,” Steve had admitted, a beatific smile on his face. “And now I can just…do exactly what I like, and you seem to have a good time, every time.”
,” Natasha says shortly, and Clint looks down at her with an exaggerated frown. “I feel like you two need a happy ending, after the last one.”
“I meant about Steve,” Stephen says, and Tony rolls his eyes.
Steve barked out a laugh, throat clogging with tears. God, he was just so fucking tired. He wanted to just sit down in the wreckage until Tony came and found him, until he could hold his alpha in his arms again. He wanted Tony to take the suit and carry him home.
even formed omega-only units to fight on the front lines. Omega Vikings were equally likely to be labelled as berserkers as their alpha counterparts if the protection of their clans came into question. Kali, the Hindu warrior-goddess representing both creation and destruction, was oft portrayed as an omega. Steve may be from the past, but he knew exactly where these ideas about where omegas belong and what they should do came from, and how they’d spread. He knew, because the world had been a lot less egalitarian when he was a kid. Being Irish and Catholic was still a big deal. He knew firsthand what people didn’t wanna talk about now; the reason the Italian mafia and the Irish mob had to exist was that they couldn’t get real jobs at a hell of a lot of places. If nothing else will pay, crime will.
“We’re home, boys,” Natasha says, and Tony looks up at her, shaking his head a little to clear it. Bruce follows suit, stumbling to his feet, and Tony stands and wipes a hand over his face. Natasha meets Tony’s gaze with dead eyes, mouth a flat line. “What’s the game plan?”
Afterwards, Tony feels scraped clean. Hollow on the inside, like an empty bowl. Sober isn’t the word for it. He doesn’t know if there’s a word for this feeling. He feels like there’s nothing left inside of him. He sits on the edge of the lounger, head between his hands, and tries to ignore the scent of his own vomit. He tries to gather the strength to stand.
“You’re gonna regret that comment when he’s still talking about it in a year,” Rhodey explains, resigned. “I’m regretting it already.”
Tony gestures for him to put the leg down, so Steve heads back over to his perch on the couch. He picks up the newspaper again, and the room lapses into a comfortable kind of quiet. Tony’s music shifts up in volume a few clicks, and Steve glances up at him from across the workshop. He watches as Tony falls headfirst back into his working fugue.
“Green.”
Tony's a futurist. He sees things, marks chess pieces, and so it's not that surprising when somehow he's saved from impact when an EMP shockwave from Doom shorts his suit just as he's hurtling towards a skyscraper. It takes ten seconds for a reboot, he won't have enough time, and in the silence of his dead suit he can imagine Clint screaming on the coms, Cap's face draining of blood at the crash and the crunch. He hopes he doesn't hit steel rebar.
“Which isn’t death!” Tony snarls, low and fierce, but Steve’s already shaking his head. “Listen hypocrite, you want to shout at me after every battle for not falling in line like a good soldier, huh? Look what happens when I listen to you: you get a pregnant woman and her puppy-”
Natasha doesn’t point out that she likes him, too. Tony’s grateful for it, because it would just hurt both of them. Still, after all this time, it’s he and Natasha who always have to make the hard decisions, to move through the moral grey so the rest of the team doesn’t have to.
“You’re being an idiot,” she added. Then she walked out, leaving him lying on the floor.
“So tell me, what does it mean that Ambassador McCoy has been tasked with helping to craft these so-called accords in lieu of Ambassador Gyrich?” she says, and Tony drops his bowl of pasta.
“Alpha,” he gasped, then flinched as a pillow smacked into the cabinet next to his head.
“Hope is for those who lack conviction,” Ms. Bliss sniffs. She turns, opening her body up to invite Steve through the door. “Action is for men of honour. If Miss Potts thinks you are unworthy, do better.”
“I hate this,” he says to no one in particular.
“Hey,” Steve says softly, and Tony lifts a hand in greeting. A few tentacles mirror the motion, and Steve’s face brightens with soft delight.
, Chewbacca? They run out of scarves at L. L. Bean?”
“Y’know whose room we’re in, don’t ya?”
Tony reels off some tentacle-filled college antics and explains the unique phenomenon that is an octopus’ distributed mind’s autonomous movement, all the while watching blatantly as Steve hops into the shower to rinse the salt water and bodily fluids off. He dries off with military proficiency, smiling softly at Tony when their eyes meet in the mirror. He’s in the middle of towelling his hair dry when a small frown breaks over his face. He pads over, naked and unabashed, and leans over to pick something up from the pile of clothes in the middle of the bathroom floor. A bright red blush steals over him, flushing him hairline to sternum, over the tips of his ears.
Steve looses a wet laugh. “You look…debauched.”
“I was,” Tony agrees.
Steve sighs but does as he’s told. “Guess octopi don’t like hot baths as much as Tony does, huh?”
“Don’t talk like that.”
“Hank and I were able to figure out the shape of whatever it was that cut him. A small sickle blade, like something Widow might carry. An assassin’s weapon. Or…”
“It baffles me how one as clever as you could yet be so small minded and set in your ways.” Thor grins, eyes dancing brightly. “Perhaps you should ask my brother, when next you see him.”
“You said you were gonna come again,” Tony reminds him, and Steve smiles: lazy and satiated.
“You can’t, what? Tell me?” Tony says, a little sceptically. “Can’t? Or won’t?”
“Stephen, did you tell Steve that he
"He's over a thousand years old. I don't take it too personally." He pauses. "Then again, Thor's supposed to be the big bad brother. I can see why Loki would get fussy about playing second fiddle, there. God, imagine Thor as president."
“Are you…worried?” Bruce asked, and in his mouth the word clearly meant jealous.
Then the door opens again. For a moment, Steve thinks perhaps Agent Kathri has returned. Instead, however, the strangest possible person is standing in the doorway: a squat, broad silhouette to block out the greater light from the hall.
“Fuck,” he whispered, taking a rough breath.
“Alpha,” he said, before he could stop himself, and then blushed so hard he could feel it spreading over his chest. “Um.”
“You’re mad at me, too, huh?” He laughs shortly.
Natasha’s mouth kicked up, the fond little half-smile she reserved only for Tony. “Then thank you for humouring me,” she said.
Than others do.
“Done and done.”
“Routine,” Tony says, spreading his hands. “Besides, I can’t cook for shit.” Steve sets his jaw, propping one hand on his hip as he considers Tony for a long moment. He’s forcefully relaxed, but Steve can see the way he’s holding himself, the tension in his hands. The flash of a locator cuff is like a knife to the ribs, and Steve swallows.
Perhaps it is a larger number. He’s gone back over it again, and every time he counts, the number gets bigger. Tony’s hands are shaking, hands up, and only then does Steve recognise the position. It’s Iron-Man’s warning position: hands up, or I’ll shoot.
Tony pauses, his hand reaching towards the scanner. “Hm?”
That’s not true, not really. But New York is a complicated place for Tony. It’s full of ghosts. His parents, primarily. His misspent youth. His worst years of debauchery. There’s the portal, too—the echo of it, living inside his skin. He feels…unmoored, here. Out of place.
He hadn’t seen the extent of Tony’s injuries before, and now he was glad for it. He wasn’t sure if he would have been able to stop himself from breaking into SHIELD’s facilities and slaughtering the rest of the Hydra agents they’d brought in for questioning, Riri and Tony’s proselytising be damned. A nasty yellowing bruise was wrapped all across Tony’s ribcage, smaller cuts and marks scattered over his skin. He’d lost weight, visibly, his usually healthy olive skin stretched a little too tight over the coruscating lines of his ribs, the sharp bones of his wrist, the contours of his knees. And still, for all that, the sight of him was enough to make Steve desperate, his mouth drying out, his eyes heavy. He closed them, taking a slow breath, and Tony’s scent was fresh and real and there: the musk-sweet smell of autumn decay, metal, a high, sharp tang.
“The real Buck wouldn’t say that,” he tries, but it sounds hollow even to him. Metal flashes behind him in the shaving mirror, a streak of red on steel.
“Right,” Steve says, hitting the button again. Tony keeps humming his song, tapping one finger on the base of the car window.
“It’s not a disparagement, Tony. I just mean that when you and Steve are good, you’re a better scientist. A better man. And so is he. Steve needs someone to help make his ideals real. Otherwise they’re just dreams. Civil War wasn’t the first time you’d had a major disagreement, but it was the first time he wasn’t willing to listen to you. You were speaking to air.”
“Morning, beautiful,” he said, pouring out a cup of coffee. Tony offered him a sleepy smile, leaning in for a kiss that mostly missed Steve’s mouth. He took the mug from Steve’s hands with a low hum of pleasure.
A fierce pride wells up inside of him. It is hilariously inappropriate under the circumstances, but his body doesn’t seem to care about that. He turns his face to the camera he knows sits in the corner of his bathroom, a small smile breaking over his face.
“Sorry,” Tony said, halfway through. He grinned at Steve, a little bashful. “It’s been a while since we did this. I’m talking your ear off.”
Some days, he wakes up still shaking in the remnants of those dark places Amora took him to. On those mornings JARVIS speaks softly to him, talks him back into his skull. Regardless of the shaking rebellion of his skin and bones, or perhaps more in spite of it, every morning he still gets up and goes for a run. For now, he keeps to streets where JARVIS can see him. He keeps a knife strapped to his bicep under his StarkPhone holder, against his thigh beneath his shorts. He recognises the signs of residual trauma, but still, he does what he needs to do. That's what the shrink is for, after all. The urges will fade.
But then, a small voice in his head had whispered:
(See the end of the chapter for
Hope y’all are satisfied with how I’m tying up things as we move along. If you aren’t, let me know! I’m always happy to talk shop. <3
“JARVIS said we have a situation,” he says, and Tony lets out a rough breath, lips grazing the fabric over Steve’s chest. “Amora escaped?”
"Am I hard to love?"
“It’s not,” Steve says. He glances up at the nano-housing, then down to Tony’s still mostly-soft cock. “I know you don’t want to talk about it, but that kiss…if this was a fairy tale kinda curse. Well.”
“It’s what delivers spermatophores into the mantle of a female octopus. Or sometimes a male. We’ve observed that, too. It’s longer than all the rest, maybe because some octopodes engage in what’s called sexual cannibalism. And this here, at the end, is the ligula.” He curls the tentacle in so that Steve can look at it. The last few inches of it has no suckers, just a slightly plumper section vaguely in the shape of an elongated spade. The underside of the ligula is bright white: ridged, erect, and inflexible. “In other words, this is the closest thing I’ve got to a cock.”
“No you’re not! Don’t lie to me!”
Steve closed his eyes for a moment, biology warring with common sense. Time was of the essence in a situation like this, and JARVIS was right; he was still off-kilter from the morning he and Tony had together.
Steve put the little bottle back into its canister, then replaced everything exactly as he’d found it in the cabinet. He checked the objects against the photo in his phone, just to be sure, then deleted the photo. Natasha had taught him about making stupid mistakes more than enough times.
“Alpha,” he said, weighting the word. “You are my alpha. Do you hear me, Tony? You are
“Tony,” Carol says, and there’s a warning in it that Steve doesn’t understand. Fear, maybe. “Talk to me.”
“I think it is a rare, extraordinary miracle when one does,” she says. “I think it takes much, and most people never see circumstances that require it.” She smiles, a thready, sincere sort of thing. “When my sister first interviewed for Mr. Stark, he was a selfish, nasty, entitled man. He shoved me twice in the space of a week’s visit, like I wasn’t even there. It was like I was simply furniture to him. Do you know what that’s like, to be so invisible to a man that he doesn’t even see you? That he can knock you down, and not even spare you a glance?”
“Hungry, baby?” he tries, smiling helplessly when Loki snuffles and buries his face further into Tony’s chest. “What do you want to eat?”
Casual discussion of child death
“Asshole!” he calls. “JARVIS, put a team dinner on the docket.”
“You can come if you want,” Tony says, trying to salvage the situation, but Steve’s collapsing in on himself. It’s what he always does when he’s truly upset, making himself small like he’s regretting his size and wants to crawl into his own skin. “Or, I’ll see you tonight?”
“I will not run like some common coward,” Loki says, bracing himself, and suddenly Tony sees exactly where this is going.
“Pepper…”
“Hello.” Tony glances to the side, where Widow is picking up the small black box. He swallows down the last dregs, shaking his head a little at the rush of it. “Take care of him, please.”
The fridge was scattered with leftover Thai food. It looked like the bits and bobs left over from a pre-mission fuel up. The image of the team gathered around the dining table with Loki and Sam came to mind unbidden, everyone gathered and working together to try to save him from harm. The thought leaves something warm and aching in his stomach, and he startles when the fridge beeps at him.
“It is 3:47 PM on Thursday, April 7th in New York City. You are currently in Avengers Tower, accompanied by Loki Laufeyson. You are in the penthouse. I have notified Agent Romanov of the situation, and she is on standby in the living room should you require her assistance. Shall I begin the count?”
“Nice job, kid.”
When Steve got back from his run, Bruce and Clint were already up and in the common area. Saturdays tended to be slower in the tower, not necessarily because bad guys took a break on the weekends, but mostly because those of the team that had ever had to abide by a regular work schedule were used to treating the weekends as a time for relaxation. On Saturdays Steve tended to take an extra-long run, Nat slept in, Clint and Thor indulged in Saturday morning cartoons, and Bruce rose late enough in the morning to have his coffee with other humans, skipping his sun salutations. Tony was never on any sort of schedule, and could never be counted to be anywhere he was supposed to be, so weekends didn’t matter to him at all. When Steve had gone to sleep last evening, the bed had been empty. Tony must have crawled in at some godforsaken hour, because when he’d woken up that morning Steve had found Tony curled up on his chest, his usually impeccable facial hair overgrown and messy, grease smeared back over one eyebrow and up behind his ear. It was a familiar sight, but Steve had missed Tony this past week, and he’d spent a guilty half hour in bed just stroking over the strong lines of Tony’s brow, his hair, the warm sweep of bare skin on his shoulders. He’d been tempted to wake Tony, to press kisses to his brow and nose and cheeks until he woke with an adorable scrunched smile. Eventually, he’d disentangled himself and gone for his usual run; he knew Tony needed the sleep.
Tony can't, so he doesn't say anything. Later, when Tony reveals Loki’s assist and Clint expresses his shock, Tony and Thor share the strangest of looks. Thor looks fragile, nakedly grateful in a way that Tony hasn’t been in public since he was a child. He looks tired, worn to the bone. Tony wonders what it is to be a thousand years old, what it is to wait for half to become whole after such a breaking as to tear the bridges between worlds asunder. Thor smiles weakly at him, then looks away.
“So?”
In the end, it’s Bethany Cabe who cracks the code.
Steve had left the tower, though, just as he’d promised. He’d gone down to D.C. to run an op with the STRIKE team. Apparently they’re down a man, Barton having taken off time to recover from the trauma of his brain being scrambled like an egg by Loki. Tony kind of envies him. The rational part of mind knows that sitting on a beach somewhere and not doing anything is the best way to send himself into a major depressive episode, but right now, all Tony wants to do is lie down and never get up again. Every part of him hurts, and not in a good way. He feels like he’s been run over by a truck.
Peter shakes his head. “But,” he says, “I bet Rhodey does.”
Steve takes a moment to parse, shakes his head. “No. I mean, you are, sometimes, but-”
“Copy, War Machine, Widow and Hulk mobilised. ETA twenty four minutes.”
In another world, one where Steve walked right up to Tony and introduced himself like a proper gentleman, shook his hand and full-named himself and Tony smiled at him like he was everything he’d ever wanted, Tony would teach him every piece. He’d guide Steve’s hands over the armour, hands laced together, and murmur the name of each part into Steve’s ear-
Tony sighs. He glances down at Steve’s body again. “No,” he admits, “because that sounds crazy.”
Not once does Reed ever even hint that Tony might be delusional. It is, perhaps, the kindest thing Steve has ever seen him do. But then, he isn’t sure that Reed would have thought to be kind in that way. Perhaps that’s what Tony finds so comforting about it; Reed does not typically have the emotional intelligence to dissemble. Instead, he throws himself into the data Tony has compiled with the kind of reckless abandon that Reed approaches any scientific inquiry.
“Jesus fuck,” Tony says, and Steve sighs.
“I wanted to,” Steve says desperately. “Tony. I’m right here.”
“What wasn’t?”
Steve breathes for a second longer. Two. Tony can’t open his eyes. He doesn’t know if he can handle Steve looking at him. He’s trying so hard to hold himself together. Eventually, the soft hiss of background noise cuts out. He opens his eyes.
“Sure, but why trust books when I’ve got a primary source right here?” Tony says, and Steve quirks a tired smile. “How much do you know about the AIDS epidemic?”
“Why are you begging to do him a favour? You don’t owe him shit.”
“Does this friend not care about other people?”
Steve opens his mouth, then closes it again. He licks his lips, which is nice. “Tony,” he burrs, and his voice is so
“Sir?” JARVIS tries.
How many times can a man be broken?
we have had our difficulties and there are many things
“Pretty sure Stark is entirely your lane, loverboy,” Natasha prods. Half the Tovaritch! is gone, and Steve sighs. He’s pretty sure he knows how this night is going to end, mead or no mead.
“Oh, really,” Natasha says, raising an eyebrow at Tony. Tony ignores her.
“Iron?” Tony says, looking over his shoulder and Bruce nods. “Oh, the irony. Iron Man in his Iron Tower-”
Edit:
“I misjudged you, at the front,” Steve said, and Stark turned to stare at him. His eyes were wild in his face, terrified, but that was alright. Steve understood how the yolk of responsibility could be heavier than expected. “I’ll lead the team, and you’ll be my second. That was the plan from the start. Having you as pack alpha only makes sense.”
“No, look, it’s just a little scratch-”
Reed, clearly torn between his duties as a parent, his ethics and morals, and his scientific curiosity, says nothing to that. He wisely keeps his head down and studies the readouts from Tony’s single REM cycle, one hand braced against Franklin’s shoulder. Franklin has taken it upon himself to cling to Steve’s shin.
“Oh, you must be tired,” Natasha says, eyes narrowed.
"Save Clint," he tells him. Loki's image flickers for a moment. "He's gonna be the one you have to convince."
“Shirt,” he murmurs, dazedly. Or, rather, a lack of one. Tony’s completely shirtless, sweat slowly trickling down his abdominal muscles in mouth-watering streams.
“You probably can’t touch me,” Steve says sadly. For all that Reed’s absent-minded, he’s clearly done so right by his kids. Steve’s never been close to Reed the way Tony is, but he considers himself pretty good friends with Sue. He thinks after this is over he’s going to owe the Richards a debt that can never be repaid. “But when I’m better, I’d love a hug.”
“Tony?” he prompts, and Tony sucks in a breath. It feels like his throat is on fire.
Steve ignores him. He goes to his knees in front of Tony on the broken tile, paying no mind to the sharp edges, and reaches out with trembling hands for Tony’s wrist. His eyes dart up, meeting Tony’s for a brief, breathless second, before he looks back down at Tony’s skin. Bluegreen veins stand out against his olive skin. They will only get more visible with age, Tony knows.
He turns back to Tony, his eyes serious and bright with something Tony doesn’t understand, can’t name. “But I do trust myself to watch your back,” he says, nodding. “So that’s what I’m gonna do. And I need you to take my place, until I’m- Well. Until I’m better, I guess. I trust you, Tony, always. I trust you to make the call that saves the most lives, when it comes down to it. I just wish you’d be a little less self-sacrificing, and that’s what I’ll be there for.” He grins, now, a little more of the smile Tony knows and loves. “Someone’s gotta make sure you’re not martyring yourself.”
“File Name: Yasha, Code: N397ERX359,” Natasha offers. There’s a brief pause.
It’s deeply disorienting. He doesn’t like it at all. But it’s better than what he feels when he tries to stand still while Tony walks away from him.
Steve blushed a little at the endearment, and Tony laughed outright. “Wow, you’re fine with comeplay but I call you stud and suddenly you’re the All-American boy scout again.”
Steve frowns. “I guess,” he says, “but Tony and Bruce were civilians.”
“It wasn’t,” Tony said, face shuttering, and Steve came up short, not sure what he meant.
Steve does not know how much more of this they can take. Perhaps it would be better if he were just dead. At least Tony could move on. Like this, they’re trapped. Tony begins to resemble nothing more or less than a broken-winged hawk—something ready to die, but not able to do the deed itself. He thinks, maybe, this is the thing that Carol and Beth and all the rest had known to be afraid of. The thing living in Tony’s body is not his friend. It is a creature that preys upon him. It eats him up from within, one day at a time.
Reed shrugs. “Sue makes me a better man,” he agrees. “Tony, you do know what this means.”
Tony shrugs, shivering a little when Steve’s fingers slip under his shirt to reach the dip of his spine. He can feel Steve smile against his throat. “I did think about it, is the thing. But I was busy, so I kind of brushed it off. I should have said something earlier.”
“Stay.”
A/N: Aaaaand that’s a wrap, folks! (Pun maybe intended?) I hope you enjoyed this v p0rny tentacle fic. Now back to the serious plot-based WIPs…
Loki grumbles and wraps an arm around his waist. “Shut up, Stark.”
“Focus. Amora. Brainwashing. Getting drunk. Nat, hold this steady?” Clint heaves the barrel over onto its side, and Natasha holds it in place while he opens the tap over the snifter. “Here.”
Loki saves Natasha.
Tony huffs, but there’s a smile in it. Steve doesn’t need to turn his head to see it. He knows Tony, maybe better than anyone. He can see his rueful, pained smile in his mind as easy as anything.
But no, that wasn’t it, was it? He’d been so out of it he’d touched him without thinking, expecting to be able to catch himself on Tony.
“Do not fuck with me right now,” he says, deadly quiet. Steve both wishes he could see his face and is desperately glad that he can’t. He knows what it is like to be on the receiving end of Tony’s cold anger, and it is not something he has ever enjoyed. “Start talking, now.”
“You do know who you’re talking to, don’t you, Sheriff?” Tony shrugged, turning to the back door and unlocking it. “You coming?”
“Why would you tell him something like that?” he snarls, but Stephen only watches him dispassionately.
“Me,” Loki says, shrugging. “He will get the information he needs.”
He hadn’t seen hide nor tail of Rogers in the week that had passed since. This was impressive, as before that, Rogers had made a point to try to curtail Tony’s drinking at any possible moment. It had become a personal crusade of his, maybe a bit of a joke between them even. He’d kept turning around at the sound of Casino’s doors, expecting to hear Rogers’ chastising voice, only to hear nothing but drink orders and coy flirtations with the lady Romanov’s girls. The only sight of the sheriff he’d seen had been out the forge window, because like it or not Rogers wasn’t able to avoid his position as town sheriff, and the jailhouse was right across the road.
“I believe so, sir.”
“Not anymore?” Bruce pressed, and Steve glanced over at him. Bruce looked a little worried, sympathetic, and Steve relaxed under his gaze.
“No problem, Cap.” He hesitates, rocking back and forth, before reaching out and awkwardly patting him on the shoulder. “I’m glad you’re ok.”
"I hate to break up the love fest, but can we talk about the Loki thing?" Clint says, impatient. "Also, I'm out of rappelling arrows and I could use a lift."
Xavier just grins at him. “So I’ve been told.”
Tony considers this, then takes the last few steps to the sock drawer. He pulls out the first pair he sees, then slides the drawer shut and walks up to Loki. His gaze is heavy, and Tony waits patiently for him to finish speaking.
He thinks about going back to the Triskelion. He should do that. That would- It would be the right thing to do, is all. That’s what he should do, and he-
, and it sends a skitter of want and warmth down his spine.
Still, that doesn’t mean he wants the Hulk to smash Bruce’s lab. Bruce would never really forgive him, for one. And Bruce’s version of payback was always a little too vindictive, a little too cruel to be a simple joke between friends.
Steve doesn’t sleep well, but he knew he wouldn’t. Instead he tries to map out where to go from here, or maybe where he went wrong. He hadn’t been prepared for Tony to cut into his feelings, the tension strung between them like taffy, gooey and sweet. It kept shifting under his feet, churning like the gears of the pull, always leaving him unsure of the ground. He was positive he wouldn’t have lashed out at Tony like that if he hadn’t been so raw from Amora’s spell. That had been a tactical error on his part. He should have waited longer. He knew what Tony was like when he was cornered, but Tony had been so cold and he’d just wanted…he’d just
“Yes, it’s unfortunate that Captain Rogers had to miss this meeting,” Senator Cochran says, eyeing Tony with a wry twist to his mouth. Tony smiles blithely at him.
“’S okay,” he tells Tony again, but Tony isn’t listening. He’s yelling into his phone, his eyes never leaving Steve’s face. He’s afraid to look away and miss the end. “Ton, dun’ cr-”
Cool fear trickles over him, a roaring building in his ears as he listens to Stephen’s words, echoing over and over again. He wonders if the thundering he hears is the flap of the moth’s wings, or perhaps his own heart trying to beat itself out of his chest.
-” Tony snaps, hyperaware of Steve’s presence behind him, but he’s never been able to stop Natasha Romanov from doing anything she wanted.
“Oh!” Tony crows, clutching his chest. “You wound me, Miss Potts.”
“Why?” he demanded. It sounded almost plaintive in his ears, but he couldn’t quite get past his feeling of helplessness. Not because it was foreign, but because he knew it all too well from the time before the serum, when he was small and weak. He feels like a relic pulled off of a shelf. Something good to look at and remember, but just like Tony said on the helicarrier: not of use.
Where will I sleep
warnings: some internalised homophobia, gender bias, a whole boatload of feels
“Come on, you bastard. I know you’re in here.” He taps the side of his nose. “I can smell ya.”
“Am I not disgustingly assured for a poor kid from the tenements dating a suave, gorgeous, super-genius, multi-billionaire?” Steve asked, biting playfully at Tony’s ear. He was rewarded with a quiet gasp, Tony’s hands clenching deliciously in his hair. “It’s just a fun raffle, a thank you for all the employees who put up with working in the tower after we made it a target for every supervillain in the nine realms. Just this month, nearly half of the building was magically lulled to sleep.”
“I thought so too.”
“I’m always at your mercy,” Steve teases, before a shadow flits over his face. “I mean-”
"Okay," Tony says. It's quiet, but he feels fragile, right now. This moment feels incredibly fragile. "Okay. Let's do it."
“I need your eyes,” Bruce said, flicking his wrist to send an open holoscreen spinning towards him. “You catch things the rest of us don’t. Roll back the CCTV footage, watch how these guys move. You know Hydra better than anyone. JARVIS is already scanning everything he can find. Maybe we can get a good facial recog on at least one of these bastards.”
“Faceplate up,” he demands, and Tony acquiesces. He brings his arms around Steve’s waist, because he can do that much right now.
“Everything was simple,” he says, opening his eyes. “Until you know who came knocking on Monday.” Anger bubbles up in him. “God of Chaos, right?”
“Not a promising reaction,” Tony says evenly, and Steve can’t help but huff a laugh.
Tony ignores their bickering and fixes Minoru with a look. He’s had his eye on The Runaways for a while, mostly because they seem likely candidates for doing something horrible and stupid and getting a bunch of people killed and the wrath of the American government and people riled up in exactly the wrong kinda way. These two in particular have chips on their shoulders a mile wide. But they mean well.
might be the fic for you. Fair warning, though, it's a WIP.
“Surprised it doesn’t have a pool,” he’d quipped, and Natasha had turned to look sharply at him.
Tony sighs. “I need you to drive.”
Tony hadn’t really imagined Loki wanting any kind of permanence, in the beginning. He was just a tool. They were using each other. Now, he thinks about the way Loki had arched under him, trusting, the way he’d called him
Tony swallows, rubbing his hands together under the hot water. He knows exactly what Thor is insinuating. A quick glance at Natasha’s expression reveals nothing but wariness in her pale green eyes, and she holds Tony’s gaze as she hoists herself up to sit on the worktop.
“Speaking of Loki,” a sharp looking blonde in the back begins, but Coulson shakes his head.
The weird thing, Tony explains when Steve is able to stop him long enough to tap the question out, is that Tony’s brain is exhibiting some unusual symptoms of stress that both he and Reed recognise. Apparently, Tony’s body is reacting the same way it used to when he pushed Extremis to its farthest limits. Of course, Tony hasn’t been able to actively engage with Extremis in a very long time. Sure, his healing factor is a little better than the average baseline human, and he’s more spry than many men his age. But he hasn’t been able to control it the way he used to since before he wiped his brain and kind of maybe died. So there’s no reason for it to be taxing his system.
“Then what do you want?” Tony asks, mouth running ahead of him. Always, every damn time.
“Whoa, whoa, it’s just me, Tony. Friday, can we have lights? Warm, not too bright.”
"No, but I did help a little boy catch his puppy."
He stares at the ceiling until the sun rises. Then he turns, and watches the breath rise and fall in Tony’s chest. The sun slips over his skin like a warm blanket, painting the lines and curves of his musculature in gold and shadow. With every breath, his obliques shift: invisible, visible, and back again. Steve reaches a hand out to touch, then sighs. He lets it fall back to the bedsheets.
Loki looks tired, which Tony didn’t expect. He quirks one side of his mouth at Tony in greeting. Steve staggers to the side, clearly nauseated, and Tony steps out of the armour and puts a hand on his shoulder, feeling useless as he watches Steve struggle against the urge, pressing a fist against his mouth. The armour takes off under JARVIS’ care, heading for the machining level for repairs.
Steve closes his eyes, and when he opens them, he is back in Xavier’s office. He feels worn down, suddenly, exhausted in a way that’s so far beyond his body. He wants to go home and curl up with Tony on the couch and watch a movie, feel Tony watching him and grinning at his reactions all the while.
“Why did this crazy, horror movie shit happen to Steve? Why not me? We fight…aliens, and gods, and… and even a dragon, hell, but this? A silent slasher jump scare kill? What does that? How could that happen? Why didn’t he
“Uh, necrophilia for one-”
“I was up late chasing Croc through the sewers,” Peter continues, in typical Peter fashion, without really waiting for a response. “The suit smells like ass. Didn’t wanna go home. So I came here for decon. Want a waffle?”
Tony’s voice breaks. It’s the kind of breaking that precipitates a sob, and for one, dizzying moment, Steve thinks he is about to watch history repeat itself. Jim shifts, as if to go up to him, and Carol too, begins to rise from her seat. But Tony takes a deep breath, and shakes his head slightly. He fixes a weak smile to his lips and offers it to his friends. Then he turns back to the cards in his hands.
Tony is the hero for the new America, sharp and beautiful and devastating. The people love him with roaring, thunderous applause, with no privacy and a million photos of him from every angle. Tony loves them back with slick grins and repulsor blasts, with fast technology and clean energy. It's no wonder, then, that Steve would fall in love with them both. He will make these new pieces, too, fit inside of him, jagged edges and glinting gold. He will hold them close to his heart until they cut him open.
The interviewer’s mouth pinched in a suppressed smile as Tony turned back to her. “But really. Let’s be blunt about it. What does it matter? Does it change my material conditions? Does it make you think differently about the fact that I’m indisputably the smartest man in the world?” He’d winked at the camera, then, like he knew how he sounded and was joking. It’s Tony’s most incredible and infuriating trait—the way it’s so hard to see down to the truth of who he is.
“Want anything?” Tony asks, and Loki glances up from beneath his eyelashes at him, a half-arsed travesty of a tease. “Mm, don’t try to distract me now.”
“Howard didn’t really hit me,” Tony says, even as he processes the implications of what Steve’s saying.
Steve took a deep breath, considering. Then he smiled. “Just tell me where he is, please.”
“Oh?” Tony manages, head spinning dizzily at the thought of that.
“Which one’s that again?” Steve asks, switching out the dishes.
“Uh,” Steve says. He shuffles in place, heart pounding. He isn’t ready to see Tony right now. He’s too keyed up. He feels like he’s crawling out of his skin.
Steve nods, considering. “I bet Sam’ll have some ideas.”
“Why? You wanna watch past you beat himself up over Steve’s last death while current you beats yourself up over this one?”
A hand tangled in his hair, and Steve opened his eyes and raised his head to see Tony standing above him, his expression wrought with a possessive fervour that coiled heat in Steve’s belly like a living thing. He opened his mouth, leaning up to lip mindlessly at the too-sharp point of Tony’s hipbone.
“You want to give me that?”
“Why, you opportunistic-”
“I never thought Cap was homophobic,” Peter says carefully.
The trials were yet to come, he knew. He hadn’t checked the news yet, and he couldn’t imagine the mess that the tabloids would have made of the situation already. He’d already apologised to Pepper, but her expression had been nothing but kind when she’d kissed his cheek and whispered her congratulations. Still, he knew that was where Tony was now: meeting with SI’s PR team, trying to figure out what their next steps were, and probably gossiping with Pepper a little about the proposal. The thought made him smile.  Whatever it was, he wasn’t worried. He could handle it. They could handle it, together.
“I have taken the liberty of gaining access to their elevator controls. If you would follow me?”
“Okay,” Tony says, subdued. He lets himself burrow a little deeper into the warmth of Steve’s body, pressing his nose to the warm skin over his brachial artery. He imagines he can feel Steve’s pulse against his lips, steady and strong. “Guess you’ll just have to show me, huh, soldier.”
He’ll go alone, and he’ll bring pastels, like he wanted to in DC. Tony’s always appreciated his art as much as his musculature, anyway.
Tony blinks at Rhodey, a little startled by his candour. To be fair, they’ve been here an hour and it doesn’t look like things are gonna be slowing down anytime soon. He goes back to sketching out a new helmet for the Mark 51. After the scare with Moonstone, he doesn’t want to leave any of his weak spots open.
“And Stark?” Natasha asks carefully. She offers him a shot, tossing it back herself when he shakes his head at her.
“It’ll be fine.”
“I am one step away from becoming a supervillain!” Tony says, exasperated. “So are you! We are
“Oh, God,” Tony mutters. Distantly, some horrible part of him smugly notes that Steve does in fact seem impressed.
“Overwhelmed,” Bruce repeats, chuckling. “Okay, Tony.”
Chapter title is from Eddi Reader's
“Tony,” Steve groans. “
“Wouldn’t you like to know?”
“Nope, look at me.” Steve did, tilting his head back. Tony’s eyes were wet too now, and
“Good,” he says, and Tony barks out a soft laugh. “That…I know that’s not the right answer. But that’s how I feel.”
“I didn’t say anything-” Steve protests, heart leaping into his chest, but Tony waves a lazy hand. It stops him cold.
“Too bad this is happening during the day,” Jaime says, and Tony blinks.
“Stark is the Lead Engineer and Creative Director for Stark Industries. Thor has an entire realm that he bears responsibility for. Doctor Banner has published four groundbreaking and highly technical papers on radiation, neutron decay, and the effects of heavy metal and radiation poisoning on Asgardians just this year.”
“As you wish, sir,” JARVIS says, and it’s equal parts snide and worried. Tony scrubs a hand through his hair, frustrated. “Miss Van Dyne has left you another message, as has Agent Romanov.”
Steve frowns. He pulls away, just far enough to search Tony’s face. “First of all, no,” he tells him sternly, and he smiles when Tony looses a slightly hysterical laugh. “Second of all, you also saved me, so if we’re keeping count…”
“Are we trusting him?” Clint adds, and Tony stares at Loki, measuring the tiredness in him and knowing that it could easily be a ruse. He wonders what Steve would do, in his shoes, but he knows the answer; he’d try to get the best intel that he could, and he’d listen to his teammates. Tony wasn’t doing either particularly well right now.
, huh?” Steve repeated, knowing exactly why the transmission had cut out. Someone had hurt his mate. “How many left? Are you secure?”
"Talk to your team," Loki says. Tony smiles as he begins to fade away.
“No problem.”
“And a good morning to you, too, Dr. Banner.”
“I never thought I’d say this, but Loki’s sneaking around is kind of nice if this is what sleeping with Steve is like,” Tony says petulantly. He rolls to the edge of the bed and sits up with a jaw-cracking yawn. “I don’t know when the last time I saw dawn from this side was, but I don’t like it.”
Franklin fixes him with a solemn look. He pats Steve on the head.
“That’s a dear.”
?” Steve snarls. He jerks back, then, flinching. “Sorry, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have-”
“It might,” he admits. “I’d certainly feel vindicated.”
Tony winks at Franklin. He is not successful at hiding his giggle from his mother. “Night Sue.”
He wants to take Tony apart with his teeth. He wants to sleep for real. He wants this to be over.
“That’s not fair,” Tony says tiredly.
Tony blinks in confusion before remembering the blood dripping down his face. “A
“Okay.” Tony holds out his hand. Stephen takes it, a portal opening in the air behind him, and then they’re through and gone.
Prejudice/xenophobia
Strange studies Tony carefully, but there’s nothing there for him to see. There’s just his blank face as he gathers his things, flexing his injured arm a little.
“Please,” he whispers, and Tony tilts his head back, opening for Steve’s onslaught. “God, I thought I’d lost you. I didn’t- I can’t do this without you, Tony. You’re- I couldn’t do it. I didn’t know what to do, I was going out of my mind and I left Tash in charge on base and I’m-”
“Just wait until Holi,” JARVIS tells him, and Tony can’t help his smile. He imagines the Avengers running around the Memorial Park, clouds of bright colours coating everything. He imagines Steve painted from head to toe in bright pinks and blues, his grin infectious and beautiful and everything Tony’s ever wanted. He imagines the brilliant, creative Desi SI employees that are going to get involved in the project and earn endless goodwill from him because of it, and pitches a soft sigh.
Tony winces. “Not mad about that anymore, Cap, don’t worry.”
It’s the closest Steve’s ever heard Reed’s voice get to openly fond. It’s the voice he uses around his family, his children. He reaches out and shuts down all of the unnecessary equipment in the lab, fingers moving over switches and levers. Eventually, the room goes dark and Reed takes his leave.
“You scare me less than Pepper, and she’ll really fucking end me if you die on my watch.”
“It’s Mehitabel,” he says, and Bruce swats at him.
“Captain, if I may, Agents Barton and Romanov are ready to leave. I would highly recommend that you let them go. The assailants looked to be entirely made of average soldiers. I am sure that they can handle them.”
When he pulls back, Loki’s mouth is twisted into a small smile. He’s settled his hands on Tony’s chest. “Don’t think you can distract me, Stark. Who or what is Gyrich?”
Well, there went that. He shuts off the soldering iron with a huff, putting it to the side and flipping up his goggles. The expression he offers Steve must be bad, because he winces, reaching out to rub at Tony’s cheek. His thumb comes away black.
“Of course, Captain.” JARVIS’ voice was unbearably kind, and Steve smoothed a hand over his face, through his hair. He took a deep breath, exhaled.
Tony can feel Loki shift behind him, restless and tense. “He’s being held in a compound in Lagos. They are trying to find the secret of the serum that runs in his veins, but he was unharmed and sedated when I left. However, our little performance may have made his stay much less comfortable. I know Amora. She is a vengeful creature, and she lacks finesse. She may yet harm him.”
“Actually,” Tony says, “I didn’t even know what was happening until…” He stops, closes his eyes. Teresa Alvarez’s face stares back at him.
“Sure.”
“Thank you, sir,” JARVIS deadpans. “Sir is upset because Captain Rogers told him that he was hard to love.”
Tony throws his hands up in the air, eyes rolling, and Steve lets out a silent breath of relief. He’s broken the cold, deadly mask he’d been wearing, exchanging it for exasperated fury. This Tony, Steve knows, is much more manageable. This Tony just wants everyone to understand how mad he is. This Tony doesn’t need to make it hurt.
Tony chuckles mirthlessly. "Sounds like we have more in common than I thought."
“Mouthy omega,” Tony chided, but there was no heat to it. He cleared his throat, sitting back on his heels and Steve’s knees to put a bit of distance between them. When Steve glanced up at him through wet eyelashes, his expression was tired. Wary, even. “I…before you-” He cleared his throat, looking over towards the lamp with unfocussed eyes. “I mean, you should know. I’m, uh. I’m shooting blanks.”
Tony twists his hectocotylus deep into him and Steve lets out a loud, voiceless cry. There’s a lot to listen to: the sound of the bathwater splashing against the tiles, and the wet sounds of Steve’s breathing, the cries and moans he’s letting loose without a single care of who might hear him. He’s so beautiful in his submission. Tony can probably count the times he’s gotten to see this on one hand, and he feels like he’s stolen something precious every single time. Steve undoes him, wholly and truly.
“Sure, Tony,” he said, and Tony swallowed at the intimacy of the moment. He brought a cracker to Rogers’ mouth, licking his lips reflexively as Rogers ate from his hands. “Thank you.”
“You don’t get it, Stevie, my boy. You thought you were on the propaganda circuit before? This is the big leagues, now. They’re giving you medals. You’re gonna be in pictures. This isn’t bogwater, Iowa or some Bible Belt slapstick and a line of gams. I’m talking bigwigs and shindigs. You’ve got to know how to impress people.”
JARVIS pulled up a still frame. “They entered an area with low surveillance and shook the officers tailing them.”
“That Barnes is a piece of work,” he says, and Rhodey grunts as he yanks the knife out.
"Tesla save us," Tony says. Pepper laughs at him and tosses her head to get some of the hair out of her face.
Tony opens his mouth to protest, then closes it again. He knows a lost cause when he sees one. He’s the closest thing there is to an expert on the immovable object that is Steve Rogers. Instead, he flicks his comm mic onto mute and turns back to Minoru, who’s beginning to look antsy. He knows they’re not on particularly good terms with SHIELD or the government in general, and the whole city is slowly turning into a crime scene crawling with NYPD and agents.
S O R R Y
"What, that's it? He tried to kill you!" Clint turns to glare at Tony. "You, too! He threw you out a window! On the 90
“No,” Bruce says, shaking his head. “You’re right. But we’ve seen him take out Widow, Falcon, and Cap. We need a way to take him down quickly and safely. Or, as safe as we can.”
“You’re going easy on me,” Tony accuses, which is, well. True.
“We’re going to run a comprehensive analytics test.” He pulls away from Steve’s mouth a little, just enough to hook the wires up to the little metal bits that have remained all over his skull since he returned from the Baxter building. Steve mouths at the nape of his neck as he works on his temples, then switches back around to his front as he tries to do the back.
“Tony,” Steve whimpers. He’s coming apart. He’s desperate, but he can’t even manage to say what he wants. All he can do is writhe as Tony works him over, again and again, hard as he wants. He can’t break Steve. Tony can take whatever he wants. “Tony,
“Wow, I’m sorry.”
“You may,” Tony says, teasing, because he can’t handle the look on Steve’s face.
“Nobody’s stopping you,” Tony says, cheeky and grinning. He hisses when Loki curls his finger, just grazing his prostate. “Go for it. Go big or go home.”
“I need to sleep,” he mutters, and Steve can’t help but let out a bark of laughter.
“Meet Bruno Hasegawa, alias The Melter. Wow, why are supervillains so bad at naming themselves? Use a little imagination.” Tony offers Thor the StarkPad, who only eyes it distastefully. Natasha takes it from him, then snags a spring roll from under Clint’s nose. “Apparently S.I. – which really, in my defence, was Pepper – pissed him off with this big deal we just did in Japan. We were both competing for a piece of the newly expanded Japanese defence budget, and we swiped some big cash from him when we secured the contract a few months ago. Pepper just came back from hammering out the fine print. So he built something specifically to destroy me, which is, uh. Pretty good job, there. J, can you send this to Pepper? And put Happy on full alert. Oh, God, she’s gonna hate me for that, but this guy has a huge rage boner and she’s gotta be high on his shitlist.”
“Yeah. He gets overwhelmed by too much stimuli, so touching is a no. He might want to get out of his clothes, if it’s really bad.” Rhodey comes around Bruce’s other side, and now that Tony’s looking, he can see that Rhodey’s leg braces are much more advanced and organic than he’d expected. “You okay, man?”
It’s the first thing Steve says when Tony picks up the phone. Or JARVIS, more accurately. Tony’s doing his best impression of a noodle on the workshop couch, his arm flung over his eyes. He feels like something curled up in his throat and died.
He thinks of his conversation with Xavier, of what he knows of how poorly things went between him and Magneto. He doesn’t know if they were ever lovers, although there have always been rumours. But he knows that once they were best friends, as close as anything. Somewhere along the way, things got broken.
“It’s complicated to say it wasn’t my choice,” she said, tucking back into her eggs now. She liked them poached over toast so hard it was near-burnt, and Steve watched as she split one down the middle, the yolk seeping slow over the browned bread. “Because at the time, I wanted to be the perfect solider. But we all know, I think, that it’s difficult to say what choice means, when you’re conditioned.”
Steve draws back, then tosses the bloody hand towel into the sink to deal with later. It’s unusually thoughtless of him. Leaving blood untreated on the fine white cloth may stain, which is the kind of thing Tony wouldn’t think twice about but would typically bother Steve immensely. But instead he gathers Tony up again and presses his face into side of his neck, breathing in great, slow breaths that seem to suck everything from Tony and leave him winded.
“Of course he has,” Steve said, laughing. Giddiness was building up inside of him now, a strange joy that he couldn’t begin to cover up if he tried. “Alright. Well. Um. I guess I better get changed and go, huh?”
“Okay,” Tony said slowly, brows furrowing now. Steve kind of hated when they did that, mostly because it made him want to kiss the little wrinkle between them. “So…you’re not mad?”
Steve crosses his arms, the furrow in his brow that he seems to perpetually wear around Tony deepening noticeably. Great. He’s gonna give Captain America premature wrinkles. “You’d be more comfortable around me, if I wore them,” he says, and Tony raises his eyebrows.
“And, when is that gonna be?” Tony frowns, holding out his wrists. “Are you gonna do something about this?”
Maybe it is that simple.
He was kidding, and both of them knew it. By morning the snow would be too high for Tony to even cross the street to the forge.
“We’ve been in here for three days,” Tony said, and Steve nodded. He’d expected at least that. “We’re running out of the real food, though, hence…”
“I tried,” Steve tells him, despite himself. He knows he’s wasting his time answering, but it feels more cruel not to reply when Tony’s so clearly shaken up.
“You bastard,” he spits out, broadcasting loud enough for the gathered assembly to hear. He moves with intentional care, aping a more battered body than he has. Rhodey is snarling curses, engaged with Barnes while trying desperately to avoid The Executioner’s heavy swings. As he watches, that enormous metal axe takes off half of Rhodey’s guns, but Tony blocks him out for now. Rhodey can handle himself. “I vouched for you.”
“Sorry,” Steve says, genuinely enough, and Tony laughs.
“Mhmm,” Steve moans. He flexes his hips as much as he’s able, pushing back onto Tony’s hectocotylus. He opens his eyes, half-lidded and amatory, his gaze pinning Tony like an insect to corkboard. “You’re so good.”
White smoke spills out of Tony’s mouth in rings, a skill that delights Carol to no end. She tries to emulate him and mostly fails, much to her chagrin. It’s a good look on them. Steve doesn’t think they’ve spent any real quality time together since his death. He suspects the truth of it is that Tony is punishing himself. If he grieves alone he cannot be comforted. He cannot be absolved of the guilt that lies heavy across his shoulders. Steve understands this impulse well.
“What about Rogers?” Tony asks warily, fiddling with his own brain scans. There’s nothing
Beth covers her mouth, hilarity lighting her face. “Oh.”
“We’re working on it,” Tony admits grudgingly, and Natasha smirks. “Look, I dunno. Loki’s cool with it, I think. There’s a lot of talking that needs to happen. Anyway, what the hell, Nat?”
“Send a check to NYC AVP later,” she quips. She reaches out and slides another screen open. “This is a rag journalist, Lucas Garcia Thomas. Fancies himself the next Eddie Brock. He’s run a bunch of fishily-sourced ‘exposés’ on corporations doing illegal, reprehensible, generally not-good things. Lots of Twitter followers. Runs a sensationalist blog where he posts his more out-there conspiracies, the stuff even the rags won't run.”
In answer, Rogers reached for the buttons of Tony’s shirt, making quick work of them. He pulled Tony’s tails from his britches, then slid his hands reverentially over Tony’s stomach, up his chest, thumbs lingering over the scars there. The kiss he pressed to Tony’s chest was sweet, gentler than Tony had expected, and the shock of it forced a small sound from his mouth.
“Not in the kitchen,” Bruce called tiredly, far too used to these displays by now. Steve smiled bashfully, but didn’t move. Tony was warm and felt absolutely amazing, pressing him up against the counter like this.
“There are plenty of other issues that trauma can cause,” the professor says, sounding tired. “They’re just not treated as seriously. I would need more time to formulate an official diagnosis, but I would say that this incident could potentially cause PTSD without ongoing treatment. More importantly, I believe you are presently suffering from survivor’s guilt and mild depression, which I think should be addressed considering the high-stakes work that you and The Avengers do, alongside the regular, high exposure to traumatic and violent incidents.”
Tony closes his eyes, lets the cold marble cradle him.
The relief was overwhelming, and Steve dipped out of consciousness. Tony was warm and solid above him, in him. Everything was right with the world.
“I’m sure,” Beth drawls, but her eyes are bright with amusement. “I guess I owe Natasha fifty bucks.”
“What?” Tony slurs.
“Found the bandits,” Rogers said, which, obviously he had.
Eventually, Steve padded out onto the cold December air himself, clutching two cups of coffee. Tony didn’t even seem to notice how cold it was, and Steve draped the blanket he’d pulled off of the couch over his shoulders, handing him his cup silently. Below them, New York stretched out in glittering spires, pink and lavender stealing over the skyline in bright swathes as the sun sank in the sky.
of a universe. One cannot rule what
(See the end of the chapter for
“Exactly,” he said, and it felt like coming home. Steve closed his eyes, and inhaled, and desperately wished for Tony’s hormone injections to hurry the fuck up. He wanted his alpha. He wanted to be held, and hold him in return.
“More,” Steve demands, and Tony bites punishingly along his jaw. “Tony, I need-”
Something about the way he says it makes Steve pause. Maybe it’s how tired he sounds, as though there’s no joy in his triumph. Unbidden, Steve thinks of his conversation with Pepper yesterday, and then the myth of Cassandra. Tony looks hunted, more than anything, and Steve reaches out and places a hand on his knee.
They’ve never really done this before. Eaten together, knees almost touching. Haltingly, Steve tells him a little about his morning trip to a church he’d been to with his mom as a kid. His expression lights up as he speaks, in an endearing sort of way. Tony’s not religious, but Steve’s happiness is like sunlight. It leaves him feeling warm and strangely indolent.
Steve takes a deep, shuddering breath. Then another. Another. Until, finally, the shaking in his muscles subsides. His brow straightens out for what’s maybe the first time since he met Tony. Tony can feel Steve’s pulse against his wrists as it slows, strong as drum.
“Where do you need us?” Natasha prompted again, and Steve was so thankful that someone else was making decisions right now. He felt like he was going to faint.
“You took a lot of samples. Blood, gland swabs, pheromone readings. You’re welcome to do all the tests you want and publish a paper when I’m dead,” Tony offered, and Steve turned to scowl at him.
"Sinatra?"
“Hey, Pep! Meet Arish. Arish, meet Pepper Potts. I’ve just agreed to let Arish and his buddies set up on the lawn every Wednesday, complete with some public programming initiatives.” The look that Pepper is giving him is absolutely transparent in its suspicion, and Tony offers her his most dazzling smile before turning back to his new friend. “Arish, I’m sure Ms. Arbogast would be happy to direct you to the proper Maria Stark Foundation employees to talk to about educational programming initiatives in the Memorial Park. She’s the sweet and yet not-so-subtly terrifying Iron Maiden up at the front desk.”
“You’re bleeding.”
“How the hell am I supposed to touch him without thinking about it?” Steve grumbles to himself. “What kinda good does that do me?”
“One of your villains is a literal dragon.”
“Thirty minutes,” she said, rising. Clint stood and left the room, but Natasha hovered, something complex flitting over her face as she surveyed Steve’s face. After a breath, she leaned down and pressed a chase kiss to his cheek, resting her forehead against his temple.
“I’m infertile.” He tapped the arc reactor meaningfully, letting the implication speak for itself. Steve knew that was a lie, now, but he shouldn’t. What should he say, to make this better? What could he say? “I had major heavy metal poisoning for a while, nearly died of it. So, uh. I can’t, ever. We’d never be able to-”
“And who would you say is the dominant personality in the tower, of the three of us?”
“Well,” Steve says, and then stops. He rubs a frustrated hand over his face. “Isn’t it obvious why?”
“Alright,” Xavier says, soothing. “We can come back to this, later. How are you feeling? Any nightmares? Do you still feel unsafe on your morning run?”
Pepper startles when Loki disappears, thankfully without the flashy golden light this time. She glances around the room, as though expecting him to reappear again.
Steve nods stiffly. “If that’s all, I’m…I’m going to the gym.”
“Lacey is a…well, she’s a repeat,” Tony tells him. “I met her before Afghanistan. We’ve messed around a few times, all fun, and she’s never said a thing to anyone. She vouched for her friend. We’re clear.”
“It’s worked in my favour before,” Loki pouts, and Tony chances a glance at him in time to watch him close the book and transfer it to the coffee table. His eyes are glittering, but they’re more puckish than anything else, and Tony relaxes a little. He’s never quite sure how he softens Loki’s sharp moods, but whenever he manages it he marks a win for himself. “Come.”
Tony’s expression shifts, undecipherable for a breath, before his brows furrow. His mouth quirks, dry as bone, and Steve realises he’s been standing in the elevator gaping at Tony’s abs for a solid ten seconds. Like a brute. Like he’s twelve and stupid with lust because he’s just discovered what his knot is for.
Loki hums with pleasure, nibbling at the thigh propped on his shoulder as he works his fingers inside of Tony, eyes crinkled with wicked delight at the way Tony bucks every time he grazes his prostate. Tony hasn’t had this in a while, the painpleasure and the sanguinity of being serviced; he feels languid, and maybe a little decadent. People usually expect him to do the work.
Steve shuts off the water, then stands there for a moment in the empty shower, dripping. He feels wrung dry.
“Why, Captain,” Tony drawled, licking his lips. His eyes were mostly pupil. “I do declare.”
“Tony,” he rasps, head spinning. What is
“You didn’t see me until after Thanos did his thing,” Tony acknowledges. “We didn’t talk while I was…like that. You’d never seen me like that.”
“Sure,” Steve said, not bothering to lower his voice. Some of the people near the stage were beginning to whisper to themselves excitedly, but that was alright. Steve was sure the reaction would only get bigger. “But now I know the date’ll be with Tony.”
Steve shakes his head. “You’re right. I should…process.”
“We’re in trouble,” Bruce says, looking grim. He’s sitting at the head of the table with Loki at his left, both of them bent over a StarkPad. “And SHIELD can’t help us overseas anymore. We’re on our own, here.”
“Steve,” Tony complains, but he lets Steve drag him towards the elevator without fighting his embrace.
“We are incredibly grateful, for everything both you and your team have done for your country,” Cochran says. “Stark, we’ve worked together a long time. You know I think you’re a damn good contractor and a patriot. No one is questioning that. But when the Nigerians come knocking on America’s door asking for accountability, what can we say? That you’re independent contractors, mercenaries, and we have no control?”
“Neck,” Tony mutters.
“Everything,” Steve gasps. He squirms helplessly in Tony’s grip, eyes fluttering as he tries to meet Tony’s gaze in the mirror. A particularly vicious twist of his hectocotylus ensures that he’s not quite able to, his eyes squeezing shut in pleasure. “
“Come,” he says, beckoning, and Tony goes to him with all the enthusiasm of a child being called to complete a household chore. “Am I to understand that Steve is here in the room with us?”
. I control
“There’s been no answer from the Sanctum, and my algorithms have found no footage of him more recent than that of six days past. I suspect he is off world.”
For a moment––and he couldn’t truly say why, which is the most frustrating part––Steve is reminded strongly of Tony. Perhaps it’s the way he makes statements that would be a boast on any other man. It’s not a threat. Just a statement of fact, like he’s listing weather conditions. It will rain today. I could pull your mind apart like a wood chipper. I could turn every wifi-equipped device in the world against you. I could turn every person in the world against you. I created a new element. Do you want an umbrella?
“I need a vacation,” Tony mutters, skimming the page. “I trust Pepper. Can’t I just rubber stamp this?”
, he thinks.
“Alright, move it along boys and girls, nothing to see here.”
And the feet they made in your time were lighter.
Steve doesn’t react when Tony walks into the penthouse, his whole body leaning forward towards the television. One hand is clapped over his mouth, his eyes bright and red-rimmed as he watches the screen. And there, on Tony’s enormous flat screen TV, is the security footage of their first time together.
“She says she would like to wait and look you over herself, as per your prior arrangement.”
“I didn’t drag you out of the bottom of a bottle to have you kill yourself over Steve Rogers.
“That’s always your problem,” Bruce replies, straightening his glasses. He moves over to a screen. “I think you should supplement your static and targeted anti-magic pulses with a kind of faraday cage.”
“Night, Tony.”
“You’re a mother hen.”
Steve wants to shift on his feet, but the work Tony’s doing looks delicate. There’s wires and tiny little gears involved. He doesn’t want to mess anything up, so he settles for shifting the weight carefully into one hand and then stretching his fingers a little. He waits for Tony to gather the strength to finish his story.
,” Steve sobbed, turning his head and offering his bondmark again. “Alpha, please-“
“I’ll hurry back,” Tony replied, laughing now. “Later, babe.”
“Tony is in trouble,” Steve snapped, stubborn. He stepped into the shower and eased the plug out, wincing at the soreness, the heavy slush of liquid dripping down his thighs. He couldn’t help the flare of arousal that it caused, the smell of Tony flooding the shower, making him shiver. “
"Nope, can't tell. JARVIS?"
“Bed,” Loki orders, and then proceeds to deposit them there, Tony on his back and both completely naked. Tony blinks as Loki spreads him open and kneels between his legs, hands dragging down Tony’s chest to hips with possessive strength, pinning him. He lowers his head to Tony’s chest, looks up to meet his yes, then presses his tongue to the place where the arc reactor joins flesh. Something warm seeps through him, and Tony stills, panic mixing with arousal into a dizzying cocktail.
“Can you let me be gentle to my lover, who just mysteriously recovered his memories after a two day coma?” Steve asks pointedly, and Tony winces.
“Let me show you, alpha,” Steve pleaded, one thumb following the dark line of hair from Tony’s navel to his waistband. “Please.”
“I can imagine,” Steve says. He shrugs. “Well, think on it. One of the issues Tony and I came up against was the idea of incorporating new players into an established team, but we’ve fought together.” Steve holds up a hand to forestall Logan’s rebuttal. “I know, I know you don’t remember. But I do. It’ll make my job easier, as field commander.”
Steve’s frowning hard now. His expression is almost fierce as he studies Tony through the screen. “Tony. Do you want me to come?”
“What?”
Tony is supposed to deliver the eulogy again. Steve isn’t sure whose harebrained idea that was. Probably Tony’s. The man never did learn how to give himself a break.
“I have said nothing to the contrary, sir,” JARVIS says, and Tony scowls. “Perhaps Mr. Odinson might have-”
“I have something for you,” he says, instead. He loves in quiet, hand-hewn ways. “Here, let me show you some new toys.”
“Okay,” Wilson says, slowly. He offers Tony a nod. “Lay it out for me, then.”
“He does. I have texted the address to your phone. I’m afraid that the man is somewhat old-fashioned, and it is best to speak to him in person. Josef Moretti has been working out of a shop on Canal Street since 1956.”
“Stop that, come on. Come back.” Steve didn’t move, and after a moment Tony pulled back. He could feel the weight of his gaze on him. “How do you feel about letting the team up here, then?”
“So, you think people with prejudices being presented with war atrocities was good, because it inspired empathy in them?”
“He Hulked out.”
He spreads his body to slow his fall, counting the seconds. Manual functions are all still in play, but he knows the benefit of surprising an enemy by playing dead. As he descends, the display flicks back on with basic functionality, albeit accompanied by static. He can see their adversaries come into focus, standing in a soybean field: Amora; a swarthy, bearded mountain of a man that Tony expects is The Executioner; another blonde woman that Tony does not recognise dressed in tight white and gold; and a very familiar brooding face in a black mask. They’re surrounded on all sides by a greenish force field, and it flares with every shot that Rhodey tries on it.
Steve fixes him with a look but does as he’s told. He and JARVIS go back and forth a few times about temperatures and salinity, but Tony tunes them out. He peels off the top half of the flight suit that seemed to be all that was left of his clothes after Minoru’s magical mishap—wow, say that five times fast—and then frowns down at the dried blood that’s still left in a macabre ring around the gap left by his floating ribs. The skin in the centre is smooth and unmarked, so really, all props to Minoru. This would have been a pretty bad one. He scratches at it with a thumb, making a face when it flakes off only to stick and congeal to his itchy tentacles.
“Perhaps I thought that finding someone you might identify with would make you more likely to seek help,” JARVIS snipes, which, wow.
“I still think Beth is hot, and I don’t have to do what she says. Same for Pepper. And anyway,” Tony says, incensed now, “who’s side are you on, anyway? You know I could have saved that woman-”
“Gonna convince me?” Tony asked, a smile breaking over his face as Steve nipped gently at his neck. A hand tangled in his hair, tilted Tony’s head back so Rogers could lick at the corner of his mouth in a teasing kiss. “Steve.”
“No dying allowed,” is a thing my partner often says to me when I hyperbolically claim that I am about to die (i.e. when sick, or swamped with work.) I think it’s adorable, and so I included it.
Let me know what you're thinking/see you next week!
“No worries,” Tony says, waving a hand. He even means it, too. He’s feeling magnanimous, now that he’s a bit more covered up. “I’m not dead. Suit’s shiny and new. No complaints from me, scout’s honour.”
Thank u Hufflepuff1990 for suggesting that Bruce get involved in
“So what does this mean for Asgard?” Clint asks, and Thor strokes his chin in thought.
, he thinks, and then he chuckles to himself.
“Somebody’s gotta do it,” Natasha says, sliding smoothly off the worktop. “Stark’s right, I’m starved. Who wants lunch?”
Steve hums, considering. “It’s a good view.”
JARVIS helpfully changes the timestamp on the footage, and Tony watches Steve pull him into the stairwell with inappropriate desire curling in his stomach like an eel.
Peter hmms in thought, taking the non sequitur with ease. “Maybe? Vampires. Multidimensional demons. Demigods. Ghosts?
“The recommended aquarium salinity for the common octopus is 36 grams per liter, Captain. Recommended tank temperature is around 76 degrees Fahrenheit, which is much cooler than the temperature you are likely considering at present. I would suggest turning off the hot tap.”
“Yes, sir.
She turns her head, sharing the look with Tony: an offering of commiseration. Tony tilts his head, trying to gauge her sincerity. ”Nick read the file to you, and you gave us funding,” she continues. “You leveraged your military connections for us.”
“Worried, baby?” Tony says, turning around to face Loki as he walks backwards towards the gaping hole in the ground.
Steve flinched. He knew that, rationally. The arc’s metal casing broke the skin around Tony’s sternum, had replaced it in some places, and it made him more vulnerable to disease. He’d read the files. He knew.
Steve’s breath punches out of him in a soft wheeze.
“Wow, that’s a dark takeaway from that story,” Tony laughs, and Steve revels in it. There’s an easiness to him that Steve’s only ever witnessed when he’s working with Bruce.
Loki waves a hand and the tablet slides towards Tony, displacing his half-eaten carton of food. He glances over the image; it’s one of the escaped inmates from Pleasant Hill, and the more Tony reads his file the more his hair stands on end. He slides the tablet over to Rhodey wordlessly.
“Ah, Shellhead.”
owe us your lives.” He opens the StarkPad up again, swiping his finger over the screen to find what he’s looking for. “Second, I’d like to remind everyone of this incident, which we are
Steve moaned encouragingly, and it was now or never. Soon, Tony’s knot would swell to the point where Steve wouldn’t be able to pull off without either dislocating his jaw or severely injuring a part of Tony that he had no interest in damaging. Not that he ever wanted Tony hurt, no, but he was particularly fond of his cock in particular. God, how he wanted this.
“It might be a little undignified, but I think I can carry you up to the penthouse jacuzzi.”
Afterwards he took the bowls to clean, tidying up the stew and adding a log to the fire. He blew out a few of the lamps, then considered the bedroll in the corner that Wilson sometimes used, not sure of what the protocol was. He’d never come to the jailhouse just to sleep. He and Rogers had only ever shared a bed when one or both of them fell asleep after. More often than not, Tony tried to make sure that they weren’t seen leaving each other’s quarters in the mornings. It would raise too many questions if it was a common enough occurrence, although considering his reputation, the town would probably think he’d just gotten too drunk to walk the night before. Sometimes that was true, too, to be fair.
. Tony almost wants to smile, despite himself. Here Steve is, calling his bluff. It's just for a little while, so he's not going to move out.
“Nothing to apologise for,” Bruce said quietly, and Steve nodded. “Steve, I hate to say this, but I think you need to stay out of the quinjet. Even with the masks and the biohazard unit, you and Tony seeing each other is likely to trigger a strong biological reaction. You could hurt yourselves, trying to reconnect.”
“Tell her it’s no rush,” Tony sighs. “Cosmic safety comes before my comparatively painless hentai nightmare. Hell, Doc Ock lives like this willingly.”
Steve finds that response quite alarming, but he doesn’t think that he should tell JARVIS that. Instead he sets his duffel down and pulls his shield out of its round carrying case, strapping it to his arm.
He can feel Steve talking, but he can’t hear him. Steve nods against his face. He sweeps his hand down Tony’s back, presses his fingers into the dimples at the base of his spine. It’s his first time touching them, and already it’s his favourite place to put his hands.
Steve pulls back, winding his arms back around Tony’s neck. His eyes are black as obsidian—just as fathomless, just as sharp. “I’ll tell you as many times as you need to hear it, Shellhead. Are you listening?” His voice is slow and sure, deep with desire. Tony couldn’t ignore him if he tried. “I love
about?” Steve says, taking a whole step back. His hands fall to his sides, fists clenching, and Tony freezes. His heart hammers in his chest, and Steve takes one look at his face and crumples a little. He flexes his fingers, trying to keep them straight.
And he that is so yoked by a fool,
“Martyr,” Steve tells him, his tone embarrassingly fond. “You didn’t have to do this.”
Steve shakes his head, frowning at himself. Why was he even thinking like that? He and Tony are fine.
“Stop that,” Tony says, but there’s amusement lurking under his ire. “I have another confession.”
“It’s been legalised in Colorado,” Bruce says primly.
“We can share brainwashing notes,” Clint quips, and Tony barks a surprised laugh.
“Soon,” Steve murmured. He closed his eyes, listened to the steady sound of Tony’s breathing. “Alpha?”
“I want to take care of you,” he says stubbornly, and Tony shrugs, letting himself fall back to the pillows. He spreads his legs in obvious invitation. “Thank you.”
“Knock it off,” he slurs, lifting a weak arm up to knock the hand away even as he winces at the bright lights. “FRIDAY, lights at 10%.”
he thinks, as the elevator doors slide shut.
“Call mercy, Cap,” Tony says, grinning down at him, and Steve is breathless. Tony is never more handsome than when he’s happy and laughing with it, when he’s pleased with himself or something he’s done. His eyelashes are a dark sweep over his cheeks, looking a half-mile long through Steve’s rose tinted glasses, and he can’t stop himself from leaning in, tilting his face up. Through the last flutter of his eyelids, he catches a glimpse of surprise on Tony’s face, and then they’re kissing: slow, sweet, still a little breathless. Tony makes a soft noise, and then his mouth opens over Steve’s, and Steve’s gone. He presses the advantage, slipping his tongue into Tony’s mouth, sliding an arm around Tony’s waist to steady him in place. Tony settles in his lap, sliding forward until they’re pressed together from stomach to chest, and Steve moans and tangles his fingers in Tony’s hair.
“I think so,” Tony says. He’s had Rhodey, and Pepper, and Happy, but Bruce isn’t like them. Rhodey takes care of him, but he would have never given him a post-heat massage. Pepper might have, but they had feelings for each other. What he has with Bruce is closer to the bond that the omegas in movies have: a fierce, intimate, ride or die kind of love. He’s never felt anything like it. “Is this…I’m not sure I understand what’s happening right now.”
“Fuck,” Tony hisses, flopping back down to bury his face in his pillow again. Then he screams, because that seems like the right choice to make right now. “Fuck fuck fuck
