I have also set the alarm on your phone for half past seven.That should give you plenty of time before work to shower and have a cup of tea -SH
"I have understood since the minute you began talking about ‘other departments’.Understanding is not the reason this conversation is continuing.It’s continuing because I am finding it difficult to believe what is currently transpiring between us.I am finding it even more difficult,as you are the one suddenly and unexpectedly initiating it.Things were normal yesterday.Why now?You,who has spent our entire friendship,correcting anyone who you felt had misunderstood our relationship due to its seemingly ambiguous nature."
John lifted his laptop, opened the tab and began typing a sentence before clicking a button on the computer that allowed the draft copy of his blog to start printing. It was now Sherlock’s turn to wait patiently for John to explain what he was doing.
I do not mean that for friends to develop feelings for one another it should always be considered dull,obvious and inevitable.-SH
“Before I delete it from existence, I’m firstly going to print it out, frame it and put it in our bedroom. For our eyes only.It’s my valentine’s gift to you.”
"No Sherlock,I mean she will start to go completely mental when she finds out about us,and if we make even half the noises we made tonight when we do that again,she will find out really quickly".
“Tell me a story, Sherlock.I’m sick of being the storyteller.Always telling the stories about our adventures together and reading Rosie bed time stories.Just once, I want to remember what it’s like to have someone tell me a story.”
At this Sherlock ceased raising his tea cup to his lips and focused on Cheryl with a determined and steely stare.
Moran trying to blow up parliament and us with it was a catastrophe.You making me watch that horrendous Essex programme with you on Tuesday night was a Catastrophe.This is Nowhere near as upsetting as those things-SH
John stood up and walked towards his daughter,leaning at her side to smell her jacket.Sherlock was at the other side staring at John and willing him to come up with the answer he had already found.Cheryl could only sit deadly still,mortified at the thought of what these two oddities in her life would discover but equally disgusted at their behaviour.
Sherlock warmly smiled at the man in front of him who was now pouring them both a generous amount of whiskey into two glasses.He hesitated on his next words before finally deciding to voice them.
"I’ve met someone wonderful.Someone that I’m deeply in love with and i've decided I want to spend the rest of my life with them.If they’ll have me."
There was something in the way John asked which caused Sherlocks stomach to flip in an uneasy manner.There was something about the way that John was now anxiously biting his lower lip when looking at Sherlock, that made his words catch at the back of his throat.
Hold on...love ...partners? Me and Sherlock?That's not what is going on..We....we are not...we are not together like that ....
It worried me that he actually thought I was viewing the whole situation negatively. He couldn’t see how absolutely moved I was that he’d taken the time to help my daughter do something like that for me. Nobody else had even thought of doing that. For all of their goodness, friendship and humanity, not one of my other friends realised that I was getting to a point were I actually needed to be reminded that I was loved. Not one person except Sherlock Holmes understood that.
However, this card is not from me. I am just helping Sherlock write it because he’s useless with feelings. After discussing it with him, I’ve come to the conclusion that he is completely in love with you. Has been for years.He was just too scared to admit it to himself up until now.He wants to spend the rest of his life with you. He doesn’t want to waste anymore time. He knows this changes everything and he’s glad of it.Quite frankly ( if you want my opinion and Hudders opinion regarding this situation) you’ve been living with one another for years anyway, so you both might as well get some sex from this situation. What do you say?
"And that includes a sixteen year old boy,who wasn’t drinking and was helping me safely home and who likes sci fi and comic book conventions?"
John smiled warmly at Sherlock and it never ceased to amaze him how much one little action could cause his breath to catch in his throat.
“Absolutely not.It is half seven on a Friday night.I am sitting here with you and getting drunk.It’s what I said we’d do, so it’s going to happen.It’s my birthday and it’s what I want to do.”
OHHH OF COURSE YOU BLOODY KNEW!Thanks for telling me Sherlock.Nearly keeled over there thinking Greg would be at the door to handcuff us!
——————————— ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I’m getting married to the most beautiful and kind and loyal women in the world and we could have been so happy if you had stayed dead."
"So have you got a boyfriend?Or maybe you would quite like a boyfriend now?Maybe there is Someone you can imagine being your amazingly smart,good looking,grey haired,soldier boyfriend one day soon if you were really lucky."
Sherlock looked like he might die right there and then of embarrassment when he realised his heart had been cut open and the one person he hid it so fiercely from could now see how hard it bled for him and his daughter.He could hardly meet Johns eyes that night,so John had forced him to by tilting his friends head upwards and holding it at eye level to his.Sherlocks voice had come out pained and weak.
John began to slowly and sensually dig and run his fingers from Sherlocks naval all the way up past his nipples to his neck.Scratch marks would form in the morning and would be a very real indication that this was actually happening.When John got to Sherlocks neck, he wrapped his frenzied shaking hands gently around it and suddenly broke the contact of their lips.Neither spoke or locked eyes.It would have been too much, too awkward to have to explain themselves and what this was half way through it changing.They could talk afterwards.They would absolutely need to talk afterwards.John began lowering his mouth to the nape of Sherlocks neck and slid his hand to rest at either side of his temples.He lightly stroked the edges of his friends dark curly hair as he tongued and sucked the sensitive spots and finger bruised areas of his neck were the landlords hands had been.
"He does like to stick his fat belly in where it’s not welcome.He clearly was removing her from a particular situation he deemed dangerous,so a boy then.Early hours of this morning.Well before five,i’ll explain that later.Probably one of his drones assigned to her saw something on the security cameras he didn’t like and informed Mycroft.He picked you up but didn’t take you home .Gave you a chance to calm down and sober up clearly."
I asked him why he had written John on the front of the card. He looked at me with utter confusion before stating that it was in actual fact my name and what else would he possibly have put.When I reminded him that Rosie’s name for me is dad, he looked even more affronted.When I questioned him on his use of pink glitter he became incredulous.These were his actual words…direct quote……
When I got round to questioning suspect number four, he ( like the rest of them) was adamant that it simply wasn’t him. He casually suggested that it must have been ‘Hudders’ and she’d just forgotten in her old age. Well, he actually blamed something else entirely but I don’t want to repeat that here! Let’s just say he blamed her pressure point and leave it at that! Anyway, after Sherlock started frantically finger pointing in everyone else’s direction, I knew for definite that it was him.So I lied to him.I lied to the worlds only consulting detective and he fell for it hook, line and sinker. I told him that I had Greg (Lestrade) run the card for fingerprints. His face! His actual face when I said that! He actually asked me if Rosie’s finger prints were in the police system! When I started laughing he didn’t join in. He was being serious.
The words were like an ice bath to them.They flung themselves apart, John looking anywhere but at his daughter and Sherlock jumping off the stool, touching his head and spinning around a little before striding to a cupboard and pretending to look for something important.John eventually decided someone would have to speak.
John’s tongue was on him now.Sherlock was beginning to draw blood from his own lips.He was biting down that hard to suppress his moans and proclamations to the Gods.John mostly oblivious to Sherlocks inner struggles of ecstasy, licked the base,and swirled on the tip and sucked on the top.Then he licked the top and sucked on the edges and swirled at the base as he slid his tongue downwards.He repeated this rhythm steadily several times and Sherlock bucked underneath him violently after each cycle,resting his arm on his forehead and across his mouth to drown out the sounds he was making and prevent the ones he had yet to make.He was so close when John suddenly stopped what he was doing and looked up towards him making eye contact .
When I think about it, I don’t know why I asked the others first. It should have been obvious who helped Rosie from the moment the postman handed me the card. Sherlock’s always doing arts and crafts with her. He secretly loves glitter. Mrs Hudson is forever moaning about the amounts of glitter being sucked up into the good Hoover. Sometimes I’ll get in after a long hard shift at the surgery and when I enter Baker Street, there they are, my daughter and the ‘mad man’, lying there on the sofa, sprawled out, their exhausted sleeping faces caked in all the sparkling colours of the rainbow.
"God yes.Mainly because I Told you I could overpower you and make you shut up action man….proof i’ve still got it."
Again their eyes locked but as quickly as they did Sherlock turned away again and Spoke his next words towards the wall.
As the lustful haze from my wreck less decision cleared, and just before the guilt of my actions began to form, I fully expected to be pushed away and reprimanded for selfishly violating him and his trust.I expected to be looked at indifferently and told in no uncertain terms that he was still married to his work. I did not expect his hands to find their way to my neck, or his tongue to be the one to push itself into my mouth. I imagined the noises from him to be protests rather than the guttural and raw moans of my name filling my ears in bursts of pink glitter. I never expected his body to be completely receptive to my touch and willing to press itself so intimately and tightly against my own. I expected it to be over in 30 seconds, not reaching well over five minutes of nervous fumbling and slow caresses.
Sherlock was fully aware now that this wasn’t normal behaviour from John.John had always been the one who was mortified at any suggestion of them being, ‘together’ and yet the impression he just gave Angelo was definitely not one of  platonic friendship.His thoughts were stirred by the voice of the person who sat gently smiling at him over the dancing heat of the candle.
“John, I don’t want to be Madonna tonight.If you insist on us playing a game can it be something else?”
"Oh believe me I have made deductions about you.Many deductions.This is by far the most serious thing you have done to date though, therefore your father has permitted me to voice this one out loud.Your father you see wouldn’t let me before.He said the less he knew the better.I on the other hand have always felt that the more I know the safer you’ll be."
I’m going to go down there and strangle the old…your mum was a great woman she was not…NOT..a serial killer.Your mum was working for the CIA before you were born.That’s all anyone needs to know.”
And there it was.A face turned from disappointment and heartache to elation in the blink of an eye.From John almost wanting to kill Sherlock to having to restrain himself from hugging him.A weight lifted from Cheryl, she seemed to become more confident to proceed with whatever this was all about.
My niece absolutely cannot stay at Baker street.It's an unsafe environment for a child to grow up in.Victor Frankenstein is a liability,with his science potions and seedy clients turning up at all hours of the night.
“Ahhh. Right then. God I feel like a massive dick now.I must have read this wrong…well of course I bloody did….you would never make that mistake….sorry about bloody confusing you like this.I thought…Christ…the problem is I wasn’t thinking or if I was it wasn’t with my brain.I thought you’d be ready for this.God how pervy I must look right now,forcing myself at you like this.You didn’t need to feel like you had to participate in what we’ve just been doing.I didn’t want you to feel forced into doing that.”
John walked towards the kitchen with Sherlock and began preparing the tea.Sherlock merely sat at the table and continued to stare at his fraught looking partner.With tea in hand John placed the two cups next to one another on the counter and sat down close to Sherlock with head in hands.
A noise at their door alerted them to the fact that the biggest champion of their relationship was now entering their flat.
John moved his hand to lightly touch Sherlocks.The action surprised both but neither flinched nor backed away from the sensations the touch brought.It merely served to spur John on in his quest for answers.
The warrior quietly vacated the room, leaving the Prince both surprised and captivated by the mystery that he now held in his hands.
Then he ran into the living room,picked up his instrument,asked John and their daughter to join him and then played for the first time,the secret song he had written especially for Cheryl for the day she would willingly ask to be his.A song that had been composed on the very first evening she entered Baker Street with her widowed father,snuggled herself sleepily into his side and wrapped her tiny fingers around his hand.
Triumphant, Sherlock realised he no longer needed to physically carry out what he was mentally implanting into John’s brain but when John gripped his hips and forcefully twisted him round, he thought he daren’t deny this because John looked crazed with desperate need of at least some of that fantasy becoming true.Sherlock lowered his mouth onto John and John somehow angled himself to do the same to Sherlock.They moved together as rhythmically and powerfully as the kissing of their mouths had been.Quick movements back and forward, back and forward.They came quickly and swallowed at the same time.Sherlock was glad John pushed for it. Sherlock raised himself and turned to face his doctor who was clinging to the hair on his head and still twitching to the touch from the orgasm.
Sherlock Holmes is so much more than the legend that’s been built up around him by myself and the media.The Valentine’s story is a symbol of who he really is.The heart as well as the brain. Not a freak, not a sociopath. Sherlock Holmes is the man who commands the whole of Scotland Yard one moment and then covers himself in pink glitter the next, all because my daughter demands it. Sherlock Holmes is the man who prides himself on being the smartest person in the room, but will mortify himself at the drop of a hat, all to show me that I am loved.
Until Sherlock Holmes has lifted a gun and charged through a minefield, not knowing if he'll live or die, all in the name of his queen and country like my brother has, don't even speak to me!!Typical over privileged elitists,living off their name and inheritance .I wondered how long it would be before breeding and money were  mentioned.John this Mycroft one is probably trying to steal her to sell to some wealthy couple he knows in his fox skinning group!
Sherlock looked so vulnerable in that moment.He was clearly not used to this.John would have to be the one to take control and that was one thing John didn’t mind doing.
"If you had let me finish,I was about to highlight to you the fact that you being my blogger and sidekick means you now encompass at least 99.99% of my work."
"All that sodding intelligence coupled with your super powers of deduction and yet you....I thought you ....but you had no ....you never saw...ohhhh that's about right though...that just makes about as much sense...all this time I was thinking that you worked it out and chose to just ignore my feeli...stupid git....stupid gits actually...a story...it's all came tumbling out in a drunken fairy story....
"Sherlock cut John off by pulling him up into his lap, cupping his face and crashing their lips together in a heated embrace. When they finally broke apart, Sherlock gasped for air as he spoke."
"What do you mean he is cooking us dinner?Has your restaurant finally been seized by environmental health?"
"Dears,I couldn’t borrow one of your phones could I? My phone battery is really low and I ‘m so late for bingo….dears?."
There was no unravelling of shirts as they thudded against walls towards the nearest bedroom.There was only clasped hands and gentle caresses,as they walked quietly towards their future together.
Mrs Hudson practically ran towards them,throwing herself in between her two boys.Her two stupid boys who had FINALLY saw sense.
" We can do anything you want together you know. I’ll take anything you can give me Sherlock.It’s all fine."
Other than kissing him, Sherlock had not touched John in the same manner, in any manner other than when he stroked his face before this started.He remained pressed up close to the wall, palms of his hands melded into the cool surface.
"You thought all that was a good idea,NOT ME! I was quite happy to send the client away, so me and you could enjoy the rest of our night together.However because bloody Sherlock Holmes shit faced or not,cares more about the work than spending time with his best friend! I’m currently locked up in jail on my stag night and have been strip searched!Which is not exactly the type of stripping I imagined would be involved in my stag night.My choice of red underwear has been commented on by the whole of Scotland Yard now,thanks a bunch for that memory by the way!Greg…
John sunk into his worn and tattered chair.Next to him, the fire crackled and roared.He watched the flames dancing and gliding against the blackness.He watched until his eyes grew heavy. As he began nodding off to sleep, the sound of Sherlock approaching him, was enough to bring him back from his dreams and into their sitting room.
Minutes went by of tight hugging but no reply had fallen from his lips,though a few stray tears had pushed themselves to the surface of his facial skin.He continued to hug Cheryl tightly.Finally she had began to get worried because not a thing had been said.She craned her neck towards John and spoke in a muffled manner.
John lay staring at the ceiling of the police cell, still trying to desperately figure out how his stag night, with a man who brought beakers out on their pub crawl,ended with them being incarcerated. It was going fine until Sherlock had puked all over the carpet and the landlord had violently gripped him by the throat as he dragged him upwards.Then John had saw red.Before he knew it they were both being carted off and screamed at by a gleeful looking Sally Donavan ( why was it always her?),with a list of offences.John’s was assault ( though all he did was trip the landlord up and press his face into the sick until he said sorry to Sherlock for leaving fingerprints on his neck and choking him).His thoughts were suddenly disturbed by the man he had informed three hours ago,when they were both thrown into the cell,that he was not talking to him and wouldn’t be for the foreseeable future.
"Then please make me understand John.Explain to me what I did to you.How I made you feel.Why you continue to be so bitterly angry with me,even after i’ve explained time and time again that all I was ever doing and thinking about the whole time, the whole two years,was keeping you safe and trying my hardest to protect you.Show me why this bothers you as much as it does?Why no one else I know is this effected.We need to sort this John.It’s ripped us apart.We are not the same anymore and I need to know why.YOU NEED TO SPELL IT OUT FOR ME JOHN BEFORE I GO MAD TRYING TO FIGURE IT OUT.WHY DO YOU CARE SO MUCH?"
Sherlock had catalogued what he needed to and was now moving to stand beside John in the kitchen,his aim being how to safely remove the cleaning products from his bloggers hands.
As Sherlock prised her away, he began to gently guide her towards the door.She continued to prattle on nonsense in his direction.
"So it must John and yet in this Instance you are my exception also.I shall therefore need more substantial and solid proof of your feelings, than you merely stating my own utterances back to me as explanation for all of this."
Mrs Hudson had a quick scan of the scene of them both standing there looking flushed and slightly sheepish, before brushing it off and impatiently tapping her foot.John moved himself closer to Sherlock before replying to her.
As if saying this had snapped John out of some mental block he had placed inside himself to temporarily forget the woman he had proposed marriage to only months beforehand and who had agreed to be his partner in life,he suddenly began to look guilty.VERY guilty.
"If you were to take your trousers down and remove your red pants,conceal them inside your suit jacket, that might make your night more ……comfortable."
Lestrade has said Molly’s name three times in his sleep.The last one sounded sexual in nature.What do you think that means John?-SH
I’m glad you did not send an email or put these messages on facebook as I rarely check those mediums.The likelihood would have been that I would not have read them for at least a week and in that time you would have assumed I was simply ignoring the situation through indifference or fear.Ridiculous really John,as I can assure you that when it comes to my feelings for you,I feel neither emotion. -SH
"JUST REMEMBER THIS IS YOUR FAULT JOHN WATSON! The minute I could not adhere to the alcohol plan I set out for myself was the minute the onus of this night fell on you.So I’d appreciate you listening to me just now as I don’t have my skull and it is you who owe me."
The pebble remained hard as stone in the Prince's hands. Try as he might, he couldn't get it to transform.
"Just to clarify Sherlock those clothes haven’t at any point,any of them, left her body since she left this house last night"
"I’ve been thinking about this for a while and now I’ve made my decision.I don’t want to call Sherlock my uncle anymore.I hate calling him my uncle."
As quickly as he had said it they were fervently kissing one another.John’s hands had now slid to Sherlock waist and he was gripping at the fabric of his lilac shirt and leather belt as their bodies melded into one.As John clung to Sherlock’s back and Sherlock to John’s head, it was easy to forget the thing that stood staring at them in exasperation at the entrance to the kitchen.It was less easy to forget that thing when it coughed several times to gain their attention.
"So Eight years later you’re returning the favour during this case?John there are no murderers to catch tonight from Baker Street.Other than the ones standing in this kitchen that is."
I'm also logging off.I'm bored of this entire conversation.Maybe you two should meet up and share a cyanide pill.And I know it's a lot to ask of an idiot, but do remember to delete this entire conversation Mycroft!You'll give Anderson,Lestrade,Molly,Donovan and Mrs Hudson a coronary if you don't!
"You better hope we don’t, because Unlike you I actually have a real job to bloody protect.God knows what my fit and proper person record looks like these days thanks to you"
Anyway.Enough rambling.Cheryl needs feeding and Sherlock keeps calling for me in a panicked manner.He hasn't quite mastered that skill yet.He is trying though.He is becoming quite fond of her I think, though he'd never admit to it.
"Interfering in yours.I DIDN’T WANT TO BLOODY INTERFERE WITH IT TONIGHT,IT’S YOU DRAGGING ME IN WHEN I WAS TRYING TO HAVE A QUIET NORMAL NIGHT BEFORE I GOT MARRIED."
"Soppy sentimental statements,followed by lopsided goofy smiles …adding it to my yes column.So why haven’t you never made deductions about me before Uncle Sherlock?"
"How…how did you possibly know he stopped me walking home with a boy from the party and helped me sober up.How did you get all of that from the state my clothes are in and the smell of Uncle Mycrofts car?It’s not possible!"
Sherlock smirked as John began to go red with embarrassment again,as he incoherently stuttered out another pathetic response.
They burst into laughter once more until exhausted, both of them finally drifted off to sleep But not before they had said their final goodnight.
Harry don't be like that.I want you to be a part of our lives.Lets all give each other a chance here and calm down shall we.We all think that Mycroft is a bit of a tosser sometimes,including Sherlock.
As if saying sorry had suddenly become the worst thing in the world, or a catalyst to start an explosion, Cheryl leapt up waving her arms ferociously in the air before resting them on her hips.Her next words were screeched in levels that Sherlock was adamant only dogs would be able to hear.
Your brother lured  John  to a giant bomb that was strapped to a train carriage.He then pretended he hadn't disabled it to get John to forgive him.What does that tell you?
Not that I think that you have saw my messages and are ignoring them.Or that you are now arranging (through Mycroft) to leave the country,rather than have to talk to your mental stalker and likely ex sex pest best friend ever again.The tosser who has just admitted to his only proper friend that he fancies everything about him.-JW
Sherlock looked at him quizzically before pushing forward in his quest for answers,still waiting on that spark from his conductor of light.John took a deep breath filled with the perfect mixture of relief and disappointment and pretended to look enthralled by what Sherlock was now saying.
That doesn’t mean I expect us to …you know…do stuff.God this is awful.Is love meant to make you feel this embarrassed,unsure of yourself,fantastic and yet bloody sick with worry that you’ve fucked everything up with the one person you care about above all others?If it is then it turns out i’ve never actually really been properly in love until now.Is it meant to make you feel like you’ve turned into a sodding sentimental yet slightly pervy cock? -JW
"You want to repeat a conversation we had eight years ago?For what purpose?It sounds unnecessary and tedious."
Sherlocks face began to light up as he looked again in the direction of his blogger.There it was.The spark.The first thing that really drew Sherlock to John Watson.The first but not the last thing that captivated him about the man.
Sherlock incase it wasn’t clear from the last three over the top soppy texts I sent you,what this all means in a nutshell is,I’m as in love with you as one human being can possibly be with another.-JW
They had been sitting on the sofa that night with Cheryl drowsily slumped between them.Sherlock had offered to put her to bed for the first time since they had both moved to Baker Street.He lifted her gently from the chair and cradled her,lovingly shushing her to sleep as he walked carefully towards her bedroom.He lowered her into the bed and brushed her hair from her face with his hands and then bent down to place a kiss on her forehead.He whispered in her ear as a final gesture and then began making his way back to the living room.When he turned John was standing staring at him in shock at the doorway.
"The danger of it and the thought of being watched.Anyway it wasn’t just for you.It got me off to.First time that’s happened since I was about sixteen and it’s in a jail cell with no access to a toilet or shower.I’m in for an uncomfortable night But it was worth it."
"No, but we are adding eight years worth of friendship and love and feeling to it now.We’re changing it for the better.Do you understand what I’m trying to say here Sherlock?"
"The Warrior joyfully accepted the Prince's half of the pebble and then handed his dear Prince the half of the pebble that he himself owned. He told the Prince that his friendship and love wholeheartedly belonged to the Prince too. That it always had and always will. He entrusted half of the pebble, his heart and soul, to the Prince. He did so the moment he met him. He was just waiting for the Prince to notice and to finally see how in love the warrior is with him."
The young girl smirked as she casually thumbed through the mail that rested near the entrance to the flat.Her distraught looking fathers face had changed from anger and worry to absolute confusion.
When she was gone Sherlock threw his head back against the door and began to giggle.John soon did the same against the wall.
This is why I bottle up my deepest emotions.I remember why I do it now.It’s to prevent catastrophes like the one developing in front of us because I don’t know when to keep my mouth shut -JW
Haven’t written in my blog for a while but I felt like now was a good time to start it up again. You see, the strangest thing happened to me.I received a Valentine’s card in the post six days ago. A Valentine’s card from my three year old daughter. A Valentine’s card in a red envelope. It had little love heart stickers dotted all over it and pink glitter spelling out my name.Now Rosie’s pretty smart ( for a three year old). Even Sherlock thinks she has masses of potential. He tells me that all the time. However, she still hasn’t mastered the art of formally posting a letter. She also doesn’t usually address me as John. Someone therefore had to have helped her to make and post the Valentine’s card in question. The list of suspects for me to choose from was very limited.
John lay on the cell mattress and Sherlock got on top of him,unwrapping John by undoing one shirt button at a time.He planted a kiss on each newly exposed piece of flesh on his chest,all the way up to the neck.Sherlock leaned into John’s neck smelling his scent as he did so and biting down hard to mark him as his own. Satisfied he was currently giving John as good as he got, he decided it was time to up his game.He leaned towards Johns ear, bit it slightly and whispered.
“Trust bloody you to think tonight is some sort of mid life crisis, Sherlock.Look, it’s my birthday and I just want to spend it getting drunk with you.Now can we please get started on that.”
John watched as his daughters heart was crushed in front of him.A millisecond more hesitancy from Sherlock would have been enough time for John to have wrapped his hands round Sherlocks neck and strangled the life out of him for wounding her like that.Thankfully this was not needed because as usual,Sherlock was nothing if not surprising.
"My half of the stone represents my heart, which you alone have transformed.I now give my half of the stone to you as my gift for your friendship. I hand you my heart tonight. Do with it as you please, because it's yours...you own it now"
Every one of the real suspects provided good reasons/alibis as to why it wasn’t them. All except one.
Sherlocks eyes had never left his slides throughout their little verbal battle.John’s daughters eyes had never left him since the minute he entered the room.
"Look, It’s hardly my fault you have these charges against your name John.You didn’t have to touch that man when he gripped my throat.It’s not my fault you decided to be Mr Heroic,defending my honour.I didn’t ask you to."
With his mouth now free from being consumed by John,Sherlock could finally utter all the incoherable sounds that John was swallowing before.He still hadn’t touched the doctor and he was not entirely sure why.The only thing that came to mind was that if he touched this man who was clealry confused and about to be married, he might never want to let him go again but John might want to let him go when the reality of this became apparent.
A doctor... not good enough for a Holmes!Your brother does what exactly?What is your brothers real job?Looks to me from all this on here,that he sits about all day doing sod all but boss my brother around!
"You might not know what the warrior's reply would be but I do, so I want you to look into my eyes when I tell you it, okay? Sherlock...look at me...please..."
John’s heart rate and breathing had been steadily increasing as his proximity to Sherlock decreased.They were now only millimetres apart and Sherlock could feel himself pressing hard into the wall behind.He sighed and dropped his head to avoid contact with Johns eyes and to hide he water that was pooling at the edges of his own.He couldn’t hide the broken shaky words he was uttering though.He couldn’t conceal the raw feelings that were strangling his vocal chords at that moment and he despised himself for showing that much of his inner core after years of careful concealment.The alcohol.Had to be the alcohol.
John pushed himself up and off of Sherlock,fixing himself so that he looked as respectful as he could under the circumstances.Sherlock did the same but noted it would be difficult to explain his shirt being robbed of all its buttons if anyone bothers to ask.John settled down next to were Sherlock lay on the bed.He had chosen to take the floor as being found in each others arms by Lestrade and photographed for facebook ( especially after the red pants incident and before he would have the chance to explain all this to Mary as best he could) was not high on his list of wishes right now. Just as Sherlock began to go to sleep he heard the voice of the army doctor whisper quietly from the space directly beside him.
The Prince finally decided to take the pebble to a wizard to see if he might be able to solve it's mysteries. The wizard saw the value of the pebble and wanted it for himself. He knew (if allowed to grow and transform) that the pebble would be powerful enough to defeat him and his dark ways. So the wizard tricked the Prince. He told him that unless the pebble was transformed before the end of that very day, it would kill the person who he received it from. Shocked at this news, and determined to save the warrior at all costs, the Prince was willing to do whatever the evil wizard told him to do. So the evil wizard told him to climb the highest tree in the forest of St. Bart's and throw himself to the ground in order to save his warrior friend. Only this would make the pebble transform and ultimately save the warrior who he vowed to protect at all costs. Losing hope, the Prince did indeed climb a tall tree in the forest of St Bart's but just before he threw himself from the tree, the pebble slipped from his hands and fell onto the ground instead.
"Ahhh.Quite.She’s completely and utterly stark raving mad.Only person in London to ever let me away with shooting walls when I was bored or inviting serial killers into Baker Street on a whim."
John took two steps further forward and focused his eyes on Sherlocks.Sherlock noted he was looking to see if he actually meant it.
As if to make his point even more obvious, as he spoke,John craned his neck until his nose was completely submerged in the crook of his friends neck.He took a long inhale which seemed to suck up every ounce of pheromones that danced on that exposed piece of naive flesh.Sherlock shuddered and hissed at the contact to his starved eager body.
"More than all the mad men out there. Continue to ask us to stop protecting you if you feel you must but it will NEVER happen.There will never be a day that goes by that we will not gladly give our lives or our freedom to ensure your safety and happiness.You’d best get used to that."
John finished wiping the tears from his mirthful eyes and leaned across the space between them.He reached for Sherlock’s hand, which Sherlock willingly gave, then patted it soothingly.
"The truth is,although I complained every time, the minute he stopped doing it I began to miss them.I found myself obsessing over there not being the usual flame between us anymore."
"If you so chose John, you could have had your pick of anyone in that place tonight, anyone.So we must assume that he is not handsome enough to go about things in the ordinary way or he is…what…what John?"
A similar and comforting sight met me when I emerged from the entrance of the flat into the living room.There was Sherlock lying sprawled on the couch, cradling Rosie in his arms.Face full of glitter.Faint scratch on his neck from were I had clawed a bit too possessively two nights before. The scene felt normal and abnormal all at the same time.
John was cut off by his smug looking daughter.She seemed to have the uncanny ability to say exactly what she meant as quickly and emotionless as possible.She reminded him of someone.Someone tall and ethereal with thick curly black hair.His influence was becoming more evident in her as she became older and he wasn’t sure he liked it.It made it harder for him to focus on staying mad at her.
Pleased by John’s submission,Sherlock began to pace the cell floor once more.Sulkily John sat up and rubbed his head in exasperation, wondering how many hours he had left to suffer this caged wild animal in front of him.
I knew Sherlock would want dinner with you eventually.I told him you liked him even more than I did.I told you as well remember?I'm never wrong with these things.
Christ! We go out on one case,come back and it's world War three on here!Can you both delete this stuff from the blog please?You are going to get us all arrested!Then there will be no one to look after Cheryl!
Am I imagining this or is your big brother and my big sister having some sort of weird playground type slanging match to defend  our honour on the blog?-JW
Charmed.So what seems to be your problem with Sherlock and John's current living arrangements Miss Watson?
Sherlock looked around him like he had just entered the twilight zone.There was soft music playing somewhere in the background of this scene that seemed more relevant to one of those soppy films his friend secretly liked to watch, than it did in the dark and dreary setting of Baker Street.
“Mary was right, John .Who we really are, doesn’t matter. Not to them.Not to the ones outside Baker Street that read about our cases and sit in our client’s chairs.The only people it matters to are us, our friends and our Rosie.What you have just written is truly wonderful to me but …”
John flung his hands up in the air in exasperation as Sherlock swung round quickly from his seating position to fix his eyes on the child studying him.
“So you keep saying. Just so we are clear, in four and a half hours, we go back to indulging my every whim for the other 364 days in this year.Agreed?”
Sherlock excitedly pulled the paper from the printer and couldn’t help but notice an obvious change to the piece that he had read only moments before.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I meant that since she is always in his company now through work related instances,increased exposure has naturally meant that Lestrade has began looking at her more and more like a potential mate-SH
"Then I can say this now.I don’t want to call you my uncle anymore because you’ve never really been my uncle have you?You lied about Santa Claus for me and wrote intricate scientific theories to convince me that reindeer fly around the world in one night ,even though it took you away from an important case and Uncle Greg was pissed at you for a whole month.You came to all the nativity plays about some guys birth you believe is a fictional character from a poorly written fairytale.You taught violin to my class for a semester when the music teacher was sick because you just knew that even with you at home,it could have effected my grades to not practice everyday.You nearly broke the arm off of a flasher that day you took me to the park when I was eight.You called half of Scotland yard to arrest him and nearly got arrested by Sulky Sally yourself.You tucked me in, told me stories about Moriarty,bandaged my cuts,moved the dead body parts to the spare fridge when my friends came round because you wanted them to be allowed to come back,you brought the body parts out as party decorations at halloween when I was older, so my friends would think I was cool and you watched Scooby Doo with me and never revealed the bad guy until I had given up guessing.
Realising that the topic of conversation was now focusing on her sex life, or lack of one,she became livid at her dad and Sherlock.
"What for the groom and best man to give one another blow jobs and orgasm twice in a police cell?No Sherlock."
I made a vow to protect them at all costs and I have honoured that vow.I will honour that vow all my life Harry Watson.
After a very stressful few months,it's nice to get some routine and normalcy back into our lives.Stop laughing!Baker street (weirdly enough) has helped to do just that.
John refrained from making eye contact with his friend and continued to focus all of his attention on their land lady.
"Then you’ve not observed correctly.Cause there’s a pretty big arrogant exception to your perceived pattern.You are seeing but you are not observing."
"When I write this case up, do you want me to describe your cock in detail or just say it’s both big and amazing."
Why have I bothered to tell you all this? It’s not a real case after all.So why have I chosen this very intimate story about our lives together, to be the first thing I’ve blogged about for years? Well, It’s because I think it’s about time that the world knew the secret that’s been kept for a very long time. The Secret of Sherlock Holmes.
Mrs Hudson appeared to tell us that Lestrade had tried to phone several times but there was no answer. That’s when the laughing quickly stopped. The game was on. We could never discuss this whilst the game was on.
They soon fell back into their comfortable routine of working together during the day and sitting with one another at the fire at night. On one of these occasions, the Prince ( not being able to stand a mystery that he could not solve) pulled the stone from his pocket and asked the warrior why he couldn't transform it. The warrior pulled his half of the stone from his pocket and clasped it in his hands. It was then, and only then, that the warrior finally revealed the secret of the pebble to the Prince.
Very Enlightening actually.You lied about that 6 month mission.That's big Sherlock.That changes some things-JW
John slid his hands slowly down the torso of the shaking detective and pushed them underneath his suit jacket until they were locked at his back.He used this possessive lock to pull Sherlock as tightly against him as possible. There was no space between them now and no mistaking the effect John was having on his friend. Sherlock arched backward slightly to mildly reduce the contact and to allow himself access to look into the glazed and aroused eyes of the man in swaying in front of him.
Sherlock looked shocked. Which was surprising to John – he’d expected the detective to have seen this coming.
He didn’t look over as he spoke, and John wondered why he was asking at all. Usually he’d ignore him unless he was speaking about something relevant to the case. John went ahead and explained anyway.
John abandoned the washing up and wiped his hands down on his jumper, turning to face the detective. Sherlock’s hand still lingered at his arm.
Sherlock turned from his microscope now, a frown on his face. “And you continue to be surprised by it. I’ve always been this way, John, ever since you met me. But for some reason, you want things to be different – you want
An unexpected rush of emotion came upon John at the closer embrace, and a slight hysteria began to well in his chest. His arms tightened around Sherlock involuntarily, all his sorrow suddenly threatening to break loose. Sherlock noticed of course, his body stiffening.
John scoffed. “Of course, because Sherlock Holmes knows exactly what’s going to happen in every circumstance and always knows he can get out of danger. But don’t expect him to share any of that information with the rest of us. We don’t deserve to know, because we’re too stupid.”
When he lifted his eyes, Sherlock was staring down at him, his pupils blown black. John felt his heart stutter.
John shook his head, no humour in his smile. “God, it’s just so easy for you, isn’t it? To not care about how you affect other people – you just turn their lives upside down and continue on your merry way.”
anything. You didn’t try to reconnect with me in any way – no offer of a handshake or hug. I mean, hell, even a slap on the back would’ve been enough.”
“To get you out of the way of the suspect.” He went back to examining his paper. “You could’ve gotten hurt,” he added.
He felt the detective tense when there was no reciprocation, so relented, allowing his arms to embrace the man. It was still awkward, but pleasant.
Sherlock reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a box of mints. He popped one into his mouth but didn’t bother to offer them to John. John rolled his eyes again and headed to the kitchen.
John let out a sigh, frowning. He lifted his wrist to examine his watch more closely – the glass was completely shattered and the hands had stopped moving.
Sherlock’s eyebrows went up at John’s outburst and he lifted his gaze briefly. John took a breath and tried to school his expression.
been a little harder on Sherlock and his lack of empathy lately. And he knew a lot of it was him still trying to punish Sherlock for the hurt he’d caused. He sighed.
John cleared his throat. He wasn’t good at expressing heartfelt sentiments, he’d said as much to Sherlock before, and yet here he was again. At least he wasn’t being manipulated into it this time – he actually
Sherlock was holding the scrap of paper they’d recovered up to the light, evidently trying to make out the tiny script.
“He was just a kid, Sherlock. He was clearly hired by someone else to steal the paper concealed in that book. I doubt he even knew what it was.”
He didn’t know whether it was the struggle to contain his grief or something deeper, but John found himself pressing a hard kiss upon Sherlock’s mouth.
“I don’t want more.  I just…”  John ran a hand over his face, trying to temper his emotions. “When you came back, I was angry, I know. But even after I got over the temptation to punch you in the face every time I saw you, you didn’t
“Minor cuts and bruises. If I hadn’t moved you aside, it could’ve been more serious. He may have had a weapon.”
Sherlock’s gaze dropped, and if John hadn’t known better, he would’ve thought it a touch of regret. But it wasn’t that – Sherlock was never ashamed of anything he did.
“Well, something other than turning up in the middle of a marriage proposal and saying ‘not dead’ would have been a start,” John stated. “And don’t try and tell me you didn’t know that’s what I was there for; with all your deductive abilities, you knew full well.”
John felt his breath catch at the words. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock was making a veiled reference to Moriarty, but the memories came rushing back anyway, along with the grief. He took a moment to settle his heartbeat and then removed his watch, setting it down on the table. It probably wasn’t even worth trying to get it repaired.
On his way back to his room, loneliness began to sink in as it never had before. He had no friends— he was never the type to really socialize. And without Father, Mother, or the necessities of meals to force Mycroft to speak to him, he would have no one.
The typical ritual of the sorting began immediately, a fairly even number of new students being sorted into all four houses. His brother’s bushy haired companion, named Hermione Granger took a few moments before the House loudly shouted out GRYFFINDOR and the typical hooting and shouting from the table followed. Nearly immediately his brother’s name was called, following hushed whispers from his own table, and expectant glanced toward him.
Now that had shaken him into tears. Worse— it had shaken him to standing at Mycroft’s  bedroom door. Mycroft has actually had the gall to laugh at his confusion. He truly was boggled by the outpouring of sadness and affection— indulging his rather taboo fascination with muggles. His mother had even sat down and explained several different encounters or muggle customs she had learned about through her work at the ministry— something she had never done before.
“Wonder” he said with a grin, “is entirely based on the perspective of the person. I find wonder in how your people create to fill the void that magic has left. With fascinating intellect and creativity. There is always wonder in the unknown.”
It was breathtaking. The sheer magnitude of it all. Towers among towers that reached so high, out of sight into the clear night sky. Giant windows filled with warmth and light reflecting its magnificence onto the black lake below the boats. Sherlock stared at that reflection— the shimmering visage of the castle before him, the night stars and moon shifting on the serene waters below him.
Piling out of the carriage and flowing into the welcoming warmth of the Great Hall, Gregory only stopped for a moment, meeting his eyes briefly with an understanding nod before he made his way over to the Gryffindor table to join Oliver Wood and his other mates on the Quidditch team. It was in that simple nod that Gregory knew what was asked of him. In moments where the oldest Holmes would not be available to keep Irene as far from his brother as possible, Gregory understood he was to play the game of cat and mouse— Irene being the cat of course. While Sherlock was an obvious interest of her’s after his slip up, she could never resist playing with Gregory.
He may have Hermione. By the size of her letters alone he gathered that she would be most interested in forming a friendship, but he doubted quiet highly that they would be sorted into the same house.
Bidding farewell, his mother quite happily whisked them both into muggle London— for a delightful change— arm draped around her son as they sat out for his favorite bookshop.
robes blowing in the wind. Close behind her was perhaps the only companion he felt comfort with other than Gregory. Anthea, in her usual, beautiful and saucy form, strolled up to his side with a bump and a wink.
“Irene,” his voice was short with an undercurrent of warning “he will not be another toy to you. Leave Sherlock to his own trouble making.”
At least to their parents. They might not know it but he was not the only Holmes boy fascinated by muggle studies— he was just the only one open about it.
Mycroft kept a careful eye on the swarm of students that piled out of the train and headed in their respective directions. After finally landing his eyes on Sherlock, boarding on one of the boats with a rather bushy haired young girl, he felt comfortable enough to make his way to the carriages with the rest of his companions. Gregory had been the lone friend that waited for him among the throng. His only friend, truly,
He had simply told the boy to stop trying to be a mold of his father and start a life here as he would want it to be. That and that disastrous display of complete arrogance and absolutely not a drop of savviness that being a Slytherin required, the green would not be a good fit for him.
He placed himself between Anthea and Cassius, Irene taking the spot directly next to Anthea and gave her the majority of her attention during their wait for the new students. A curious relationship, the two girls had. It was a deep bond surly, but a very different, coy relationship that few girls seem to share. He chose not to focus on that and instead began to play his newly developed favorite past time.
Another chapter done! For future reference we will get plenty of perspectives from Harry Potter characters, but I find it necessary to define the place of our Sherlock characters in this universe first. This story is semi canon. By that I mean events from the books will appear to a point but they will diverge in very obvious ways as the story progresses. Thank you for reading!
The cabby came to a halt in front of the station far too soon for Sherlock’s liking, but there was very little time to dawdle about. Running quickly to that very familiar barrier between platform 9 and 10 the four Holmes’ ran at the barrier at full speed, going one at a time. With his father and brother already across, his mother pushed him forward at a quick run toward the barrier and suddenly the muggle station painted in colors of grey melted away into a shock of color.
He however did note that she had placed herself at nearly the opposite end of the Gryffindor table from Gregory talking at length with one of the millions of Weasley boys. He thought this one was Percy. A close friend of hers.
Closing his book and notebook with a huff, Sherlock began to click the pen in an annoying, rapid fashion out of boredom as his eyes began to roam the small compartment until they landed on the deathly silent companion across from him.
“William?” Mother’s voice was quick and sharp, staring at him from across the table in a rather dissatisfied fashion. He
He couldn’t help but wonder what would life be like as a true muggle? What would he be doing with his life?
The blue eyed boy did not raise from his seat until other students began to flood out of their compartments, using his walking stick to pull himself to a stand, leaning on the compartment wall for support as he pulled his cheap black robes over himself. Disabled then. But how? Abuse more likely by the state of his garments.
The rest of breakfast went quietly, with the occasional praise of Mycroft's progress in his studies. There was the question— well rather more a statement — of when his own letter would come in and of course, what house would he be sorted into. Sherlock’s answer was the same as always.
Mycroft’s eyes snapped back to him at that. Hit a nerve then? “I’m sorry I haven’t the slightest what you mean.”
She nodded, quiet pleased and perched herself back onto the bed, legs crossed book in the proper place. She looked at him pointedly, clearing her voice, eyes focused on the bread in his lap. Sherlock grunted and picked up the bread and taking small bites with small sips of warm green tea. Seemingly pleased, Hermione adjusted her glasses as she skimmed the page until she found the top of the section, printed neatly under a black, splattered raven she read, “
Up the left hand staircase was the boy’s rooms, the first year boy’s taking the floor closest to the common room. He found himself sharing his quarters with Terry Boot, Michael Corner, Anthony Goldstein and Draco Malloy— the last of which immediately bounded into his bed, drawing the deep blue curtains around him for privacy. If Sherlock listened close enough, he could hear the tale tale sniffs of crying, but instead focused his intentions on the beautiful mountainside view of the window next to his bed. Eurus was perched in her cage atop his bedside table. The bed was roomy and very comfortable, designed in the natural tones of bronze and deep blue. His area, like his classmates included a small side table, a dresser and a writing desk for his studies. At the end of the bed, sat a wide bookcase, which he immediately sat to the task of organizing his muggle books by category and alphabetically. He unpacked his robes and clothing into the dresser as quickly as possible— and not nearly enough attention to detail as his books received, before he placed his muggle pen and journal on his bedside table.
For the rest of the summer he did his best to write back to her in length comparable to her own, with his own questions about her muggle life. He did not bother hiding the more nefarious parts of his personality. He didn’t enjoy sugar coating things, least of all himself. But she didn’t seem to mind it entirely, but when she disagreed she was not afraid to spar back at him.
He had been under that sweaty, dark hat for nearly twenty minutes it seems as the Sorting Hat continued to argue with him at length.
She didn’t answer for a bit, only ruffling his hair. “I am proud of you Sherlock. You did well today. I dare say you made a friend.” That last bit was paired with a cheeky grin.
She sat back with that with a sigh, but didn’t take her eyes off him for a moment until the carriage lurched to a stop. He knew that Irene would be no good for Sherlock. She was a curious girl, with lightning sharp wits and incredible cunning. Her ambition was not for herself however, but more to find out how to make each person dangle like a puppet. That’s where her interest in Sherlock would be— how to make Mycroft dance on a string.
His mother and father pulled him aside and rapidly gave him their love, and continued to remind him to eat properly, do his best to be polite and write often. Mycroft was however, completely ignoring the exchange as his eyes bounced over the crowd of people. Searching for someone clearly but who? An enemy no doubt. He could hardly imagine his brother having actual friends.
“I suppose I’m more shocked at the choice. Muggleborn and a quidditch player at that? Not your usual taste I must admit.”
The hat had shouted GRYFFINDOR nearly as soon as the top hit his head. The name, John Watson lingered in his mind for the remainder of the opening feast. The last boy to be sorted was a tall and rather lanky boy by the name of Ronald Wesley, who was just as quickly sorted into the red. But still he watched the Watson boy with an interest he didn’t understand— at all. He had sat himself near the middle of the table, close to where the boy that Mycroft obviously knew was. He was as quiet as before, giving polite nods and small smiles to those who congratulated him on his sorting, but all together seemed to phase out his fellow students, and instead focused on Professor Dumbledore’s speech.
He felt true warmth then. The first he had felt in a while and slowly but surely the tears began to slow to a stop, his stained face drying. They were quiet for a while. Just laying against one another in comforting, companionable silence. “Will you read a bit more?” He asked quietly.
broom. To their surprise— and disappointment— he had left it lying on the ground and walked away. He may have asked “what’s this rubbish?”
The boy’s eyes had not moved from their focus on what laid beyond the window, the expression on his face quite saddening. As if he had lost something more important than a toad.
“Sherlock you have to eat,” her voice was tinged with a plea, plopping the book down onto the bed with slight bounce. She moved over to him, bringing a warm cup of tea and a plate of sweetbread. She stood in front of him thrusting the plate of bread into his lap. “You are wasting away. You can’t let yourself starve.”
A few hours had passed before the trolley made its way to their quiet compartment. He had taken some coin and bought a few pasties and chocolate frogs for the trip. Not long after the Longbottom boy began patting his pockets, getting up and searching the compartment rather frantically. He caught something about a toad and Hermione quickly followed him out of the compartment in search of it. Something about Trevor? A toad name Trevor?
Malfoy had sat himself near him, but sure to not look anyone in the eye, instead fixated at the blue banner above him. Shellshocked it would seem.
Laying against the wall of the compartment next to him was a warn, walking stick, in ill repair from heavy use. He had seen the likes before but he had never seen someone so young carry one. A sentiment from a lost loved one or disabled?
He watched the rain tap against the windowpane, his breath fogging the cold glass as his chest breathed evenly, in and out. On the surface, one would expect him to be perfectly relaxed, but you could never rely on his exterior for his emotional well-being. He almost laughed at the thought.
“I don’t understand it at all,” His father brushed in lightly between bites, “your letter could come any day and your enamored with that muggle rubbish! Such intelligence! You could be getting a head start like your brother. Did best in his class first year due to that. You should consider it.”
He didn’t answer her, he only shifted his head against the window looking at her in the most raw way he had ever been. He didn’t bother stopping the tears.
introduction, but seems rather pleased. “Hermione. Muggleborn is a rather new term for me but I assume it is those born from families without magic yes? And you would be born from a family with magic? Lovely to meet you! It is surprising that you would choose to study physics when you have such
His mother was speaking to him in very quick, excited rambles. He caught enough bits and pieces to assume the would be emptying quite a chunk of galleons out of the family Gringotts Vault for
He had done his best to attempt to listen into Hermione’s conversation— she was as much speaking to herself as anyone else in the room as her companions were completely silent, and only the Longbottom boy was hanging on her every word. Forgotten his name by this point. Did it start with an M?
“I do hope the sorting doesn’t take long tonight,” Gregory said breaking the silence, “I’m starving.”
“Oh that’s right,” Irene exclaimed with a grin, turning her attention away from Anthea with a glee shining in her green eyes. “We finally get to meet the youngest Holmes.”
As his mother glided up the steps into the bank, the door whisked open and  a goblin at the entrance bowed deeply with some sort of murmuring along the lines of
Nearing the back of the train, Sherlock spotted a nearly empty compartment-- one that held a familiar face. Hermione sat adjacent to two rather quiet boys. The one closest to the door was quite chubby, with flat, straight hair almost plastered to the top of his head, round chubby cheeks and had a nervous flush to his face. He was speaking in mumbles and stutters at Hermione-- clearly not used to conversing with people his own age.  The boy closest to the window was ignoring the pair all together, his back to the door, staring rather solemnly out the window in complete silence.
at the meal table! You should feel lucky that I allow you to even have those writing instruments! How will you write with quill when you go to Hogwarts? It’s quite different.”
This was the first time he truly took the time to observe the boy. Crumpled stained shirt, dyed black to help hide some of the stains that soap and water couldn’t scrub out, littered with holes. His jeans were dirty, holes rubbed clean through in places of the cheap fabric. His shoes were a dirty white, the sole beginning to peel away. The back of the shoe much more warn the front, indicating much like the rest of his clothing, they did not quite fit. Bought a long time ago, purchased to large either without care or in the intent he would grow into them. Mother is not in the picture. Poor finances, the parent has focuses on other things rather than his children going by the state of the boy. There was a small muggle wrist watch, in better condition than any of the rest of his clothing, shining slightly with the words “Love, Harry” written on the side. Not an only sibling, but he is used to being alone, meaning not very close family ties.
He answered with only a nod in response to which she raised her eyebrows even higher with a tilt of her head that was
he stopped for a moment, his gaze turning toward the window, the rain falling was starting to turn to cracked ice. “I will never be able to do that I am afraid.”
It was to his absolute delight that the entrance of his common room was guarded by an eagle shaped knocker that asked a different riddle each time a student went to entire it. The first one has been rather obvious—I’m tall when I am young, but short when I am old. What am I?
Calling to his mother over his shoulder, he quickly introduced her to Hermione’s parents— The Granger’s he learned. As his mother was head of the Department of Muggle Integration and Relations, she was absolutely in her element and immediately suggested giving the lot a hand and going about Diagon Alley as a group.
As his mother was beginning to whisk bowls away for cleaning, water bubbling and brushes beginning to scrub dishes suspended over the sink, the family owl flew rather gracefully through the open kitchen window and landed on the large oak family table in front of him. A sleek, black owl, Sherlock was rather fond of Eurus. She had always taken to him in such a warm way, unlike the other members of the Holmes family. Eurus fluffed up her feathers proudly, nipping at his fingers to turn his attention to the envelope dropped on the table.
Eurus had been packed in the back along with the rest of his belongings, a decision he was regretting the longer the ride went. He had brought a book concerning mathematics with him but it was difficult to focus on the train. While his compartment was now dead silent, the rumble of the train and the excited conversation from other compartments hardly made it a quiet ride.
Her voice was barely a whisper, sympathy and worry seeping through every syllable. He blinked at his name, realizing for the first time that a gentle stream of tears were wetting his cheeks, pale skin reddened by the distinct difference of the cold of the window and the warmth of the fire.
for Merlin’s sake! Shouldn’t he be concerned with dating and all that lot? Or at least studying something mildly interesting.
“Mycroft please don’t chide me,” he nearly growled, “I don’t understand it at all, it's just not logical.”
Soon the thoughts of blue and walking sticks faded from his mind entirely as he stared up at the magnificent castle in the distant. While the older students packed into carriages, pulled invisibly up the hill toward the school, first year students like himself were directed to a large series of time worn, wooden boats floating sirenly atop the mirror sheen of the lake. Loading onto the boats was a task considering the number of students itself— but the caretaker by the name of Hagrid did a decent job of overseeing the task. His parents had warned him about Hagrid—nice fellow, half giant. A bit oafish but a good heart nevertheless.
He began to understand why students looked forward to this. If this alone would be the image he could look at for the rest of his days, he believed he would be happy with that.
As the group made it further to the front of the room, he watched his young brother’s eyes fly all over the room, barely stopping to land on faces. Deducing no doubt— taking and analyzing every detail of the room. He had done the same as a first year. The sheer beauty of the castle itself changes you.
He stayed silent for the entire lot of her rambles, which rather quickly spilled into a rather good deduction and sharp knowledge of the clearly unfamiliar works around her. He didn’t even give her polite nods at least to seem like he was interested in her conversation.
Being the true disaster at organizing that he was, his trunk had been a bit of a mess until his father woke early, sending him to eat his morning breakfast while he organized the rest of his trunk. It was a very superficially cheerful meal, his mother fixing his favorite breakfast, eggs and waffles with maple syrup. He indulged her in guessing what his house would be; after his father joined their meal, they both began to tell him wonderful stories that he did his best to listen to— moving staircases with faux stairs, the plethora of photographs that would travel from painting to painting— the different ways one would have to access their house common room. It was all too much, and not enough at the same time.
She was brilliant— nearly at his level of not so. Very sharp witted and completely fascinated by the unknown. In learning the unknown. This girl— she would wring every droplet of knowledge that she could find in this world.
Sherlock did not get to lean out of the train and wave goodbye as the train began to lurch forward. Being one of the last students to board the train, he had the rather frustrating job of attempting to find an empty compartment. Compartment after compartment, faces and colors blended together. He briefly noticed his brother in a compartment nearly full of fellow Slytherins-- the muggleborn boy now sporting a Gryffindor tie and partially wearing his school uniform to his brother’s left. The boy rarely spoke to anyone else in the compartment. For the most part he looked rather awkward, quietly perusing through what appeared to be a muggle comic book. Only there for Mycroft then. His brother caught his visage as he passed the compartment but he did not give Sherlock even the slightest of nods.
Turning around without a word, he saw a small, bushy headed girl, fumbling nervously with apologies — Muggleborn obviously by the look of it. She was so totally enraptured by the magic of it all that she has completely lost focus on reality and nearly knocked him off his feet. The moment she realized her error he watched as her honey eyes shifted back into focus and a bit of panic filled them.
“Yes, yes it is quite thrilling,” he managed, his mother already pulling on her cloak— today a light baby blue contrasting well with her light skin and light strawberry curls. “I assume we go to gather all my school things already?”
Mycroft turned back to the mirror in a quick fashion, combing his hair, but not managing to control the slight curl at the ends that framed his face.
Gregory gave him a look of disapproval but said nothing as they moved further up in the line. One of Gregory’s fellow Gryffindor’s, a short, curly haired girl named Sally waved at him from the front of the line. Gregory gave the slightest of waves back before focusing back on Mycroft in a comfortable silence. Mycroft kept an eye on the girl who kept looking back at Gregory with a blush as she turned back to her girlfriends in giggles. She likes him and he is completely oblivious of the fact. Fascinating.
. There always is. That someone who understands you— who isn’t just like you, but will fit into your life like a puzzle piece.” She paused again with the briefest of glances to his father with warmth in her eyes, “And that person will make all the difference. With that person— those people, the rest of the lot will simply melt into the background.”
The rest of the dinner was consumed by the clatter of cutlery against fine plates and the smells of absolutely divine food. He actually ate several handfuls of what seemed to be game pie, followed by a delightful orange and raspberry pudding. It was the Malfoy boy who did not eat. He barely managed to notice the food— let alone the cake. And his fellow students didn’t bother to nudge him out of his stupor. It was only after a fifth year prefect named Philip Anderson instructed them out of the dining hall and up a winding stairway into one of the topmost towers of the castle that the boy seemed to be aware of his surroundings. Well, partially. A very flighty and whimsical girl named Luna, with long blonde hair and pale skin seemed to take the job of Malfoy’s care up the stairs and into the common room upon herself.
Color flooded his brother’s cheeks and he quickly ended his goodbyes and crossed the platform to board the train, making sure to exchange glances with the muggleborn boy now only a few feet away from him.
Sherlock did the same, exchanging two last, tight hugs and made his way to the train. While other young students struggled to board the train without looking back at their parents, creating a pause in the line behind them, Sherlock did not glance back at his parents.
Sherlock found his companions again to be Hermione and the Longbottom boy, who was exclaiming with joy as his toad plopped onto his lap. The boy next to him was a talkative one of average intelligence by the name of Dean. But all the jabbering between the other three ceased as the boats began to move.
Sherlock had immediately blurted “candle” before the prefect could even answer— to the boys obvious annoyance. The eagle nodded in a satisfactory manner and stated “Very good.” Before sliding open to reveal a rather stunning home.
Now that had lit the room with whispers. Not one Malfoy as far as history could record had not been a Slytherin.
Sherlock cut his thoughts off at that, briskly following Hermione out of the compartment. He didn’t want to think too long on that. Without any idea of what possessed him to do so, Sherlock cleared a wide berth as he stood in the middle of the train, holding the compartment door open for the boy until he maneuvered into the line.Nothing was exchanged but a pair of awkward nods before he pushed himself further out of the train into the brisk night air.
He was truly stumped by this. They had not planned this. The opposite actually, so her very spur of the moment decision to indulge his obsession took him by surprise .
That was one of the numerous reasons why he enjoyed her presence so much. Hermione could truly appreciate the beauty of the muggle world; it’s arts, sciences, mathematics. How they constructed their world with great effort while in his own, he only had to wave a wand, muttering a few words. Well words only if it was truly a difficult spell really.
His announcement was met with more relief than excitement. His eyes fell on his brother sitting at the near end of the Slytherin table, who only gave him the slightest of nods before returning his attention to the Sorting. A short, meak girl by the name of Molly Hooper was next and was quickly sorted into Hufflepuff, blushing during the entire round of applause.
As August crawled closer and closer to September, his parents began to act a bit odd— more than the usual. Any time he would enter the room his mother would kiss him gently, wiping tears from her eyes in such a way that she was nearly pretending they weren't there at all. She and father both had even began to stop his homework all together and began to give his muggle books back (although he was still stuck with quill and parchment.)
And the last, but certainly not least, was the expectations laid at his feet. Full marks, perfect behavior,
first being measured for set of school robes so they can be made by the time shopping was completed. His wand was 13 and a quarter inches, Acacia with moderate flexibility with a core of Dragon Heartstring. Predictably so— his mother did flinch when it was the Acacia due to the unreliable nature of it but he has no doubts about his wand.
He did so not out of kindness entirely, but purpose. He intended to make an ally of this brilliant girl— if nothing but for the entire reason that it would very likely make his school experience less dull, not to mention she would be able to give him first hand accounts of muggle life.
“Brother mine,” Mycroft said in a quite conceited tone,parting his auburn hair, his watery grey eyes focused on the mirror before him, “it’s so simple why you should be able to nearly deduce this yourself.”
As always, his mother had saved the best for last— Flourish and Blotts. Sherlock had spent the entire day nearly silent, observing Hermione as she rambled on with questions about what was in front of her, which she quickly answered for herself with nearly no help at all. When he finally reached his favorite store, the pair of them quickly tucked away in isles and isles of books while his mother arranged for their school text books to be brought together. She was truly in her element— the Granger’s appeared much more comfortable after his mother’s  skillful and kind introductions to their daughter’s new world and was asking tons of questions about nearly everything they see. While they did not catch on nearly as quickly as Hermione, it was easy to see her lineage did not lack in intellect.
The rest of their ride was quiet and Sherlock found himself focusing intently on the way his mother gently rested her arm around his shoulder, her head laid just enough against his own to feel the comfort of pressure. For just a moment, in the comfort of the enclosed cabby, the car just slightly vibrating from the movement down the bumpy road, all there was to see was a family; a father and eldest son chatting about a boarding school the cabby couldn’t possibly understand, and a mother and her youngest boy enjoying their last few moments together before Christmas Holidays.
— into Diagon Alley, it was jam packed. Large groupings of family’s pushed into various shops, the few Muggleborn students and their parents bumbling around, a few wild children peering in at broomsticks as if they were the grandest thing in the universe— he truly didn’t see the appeal
Hermione has stopped reading a bit ago, sitting in thick, but not uncomfortable silence. She sat on Draco’s bed, hair curled on top of her head into a neat swirl. Her honey eyes were focused on the large text perched on her crossed legs, red, tattered binding reading
“Oh yes I completely agree!!” She squealed,”I suppose it would be fascinating from your perspective. I always knew I was different,” she cleared her throat, tucking a strand of her rather bushy hair behind her ear—
True to his word, Sherlock owled Hermione after their meeting in Diagon Alley. He might have waited a few weeks after the meeting to actually send the letter, but he sent it nonetheless.  It was rather short and to the point. He hated the necessity of dragging on with pointless introductions and pleasantries so he did quickly skip to the point. He naturally asked on the progress of her studies and if she had any questions she would like to discuss with him at length. He gave a short description of how their mail system worked and instructed her that Eurus would stay in her care until she had completed a letter to send back to him. That had been the short of it.
“Are you so embarrassed of me that you wish to avoid introducing me to your little brother?” he quipped with a sly grin as they made their way up the hill toward the carriages.
He was pulled suddenly out of his studies as if the book lifted on its own accord and flew across the room. It landed hapadzadly on the floor, along with his journal and pen.  Sherlock looked up quickly, a clear sulk forming on his sharp face, already losing the rounding quality of boyhood. “Mum! I wasn’t done! You have lost my page!” The last bit came out as a whine but he didn’t quite care.
Irene, a rather roguish  Slytherin whose near constant sly smile made you want to crawl under a table, strolled up beside the pair so silently Gregory nearly jumped when she began to tap her long, filed fingers against his shoulders. She didn’t say a word, her lovely black hair wrapped into a delicate bun resting on the back of her head, her Slytherin
Going round and round in circles colored of green, red and blue. He had immediately dismissed Hufflepuff, although it would be quite funny. The hat dismissed it as well. After a length of time, Gryffindor was finally tossed out of the ring as well; while he had qualities of bravery he held no love for boisterous or loud hooping. He now wrestled between the green and the blue. While his cunning would take him far in Slytherin House, the hat ultimately yelled RAVENCLAW in a rather exasperated state. He did like the color blue and as far as the house goes, he enjoyed nothing more than a nice puzzle.
this fact alone enticed him to choose the yellow but he was rubbish at loyalty and he definitely did not enjoy to “toil” as they put it). His brother— only a third year— was already planning his course loads to fit into his chosen career path— a member of the office dedicated to the Minister himself. He was
Other than some bit about a corridor that would lead to horrible death, the entire bit seems rather silly. Third floor corridor did he say? Wonder where that would be.
After that complete disaster, the blond boy had retreated to the back of the line where even the hulking fellows that had accompanied him didn’t follow after such a public spurning.
“I love you Sherlock,” his mother whispered into his hair, keeping her arm around his shoulder in a firm hug. “You will do wonderfully. I just know it.”
“You are stronger than this Sherlock. We both are.” Her voice was stronger at that, that Gryffindor shining through brightly. It made him smile, despite the tears. It had been a long time since he had smiled in earnest.
“Superior if you ask me but sure. A nightmare,” he rolled his eyes, flopping into the chair in proper form and taking sullen bites from his bowl.
It was perhaps the first time he had ever been felt his age in his entire life. He felt like the scared eleven year old boy that he was. He was scared— and the fact he only would see his parents at Christmas, was nearly unthinkable.
her eyes on him, but did not raise his eyes in answer. “Sherlock,” he quipped, his voice cracking quite a bit, “I prefer Sherlock mother.” He began flipping pages quite quickly the textbook fanning slices of air across the table muttering, “
High domed ceilings glittering with painted stars, comets shooting among the constellations. Fluffy seating areas made of thick comfortable pillows and large, soft couches scattered about various parts of the large room, with two staircases winding upward to the students rooms and lavatories. Large corners filled with highly stacked bookcases filled the majority of the room, with low lighting reflecting that time for bed was quickly upon them.
He had never been like other children. He had never found the same joy they did in the simplest of things. He was absolutely terrible at making friends, rather bratty and rude to be entirely honest. He would be lucky if Hermione gave him even a day after they arrived at Hogwarts.
“But to know that it is real— I really am a witch— it is like a dream. I will be most pleased to see the bookshop I seen on the way in. I am determined to get a head start on things.”
While the other boys blew out their candles, the room only lit by the warm fireplace against the back wall of the large room, Sherlock let the light die out of its own accord. While watching the wax drain down the sides of the candle, his thoughts drifted him into a sleep filled with wonderful depths of the color blue.
He had been doing magic since he was a toddler for Merlin’s sake! His first bit of magic was when he got quite irritated when his mother closed a nursery book and he smacked the book back open into her lap.
Day quickly faded into night and the train let out one loud whistle, indicating they were nearing their destination— Hogwarts. The nervousness he had felt that morning flooded back in swells as he pulled his robes over his clothing, adjusting them so they fit nicely over his clothing. Hermione of course had pulled hers on the second they settled on the train, and the poor Longbottom fellow struggled to pull his on, but finally managed it as the train rolled to a stop.
He wasn’t sure why exactly but he had a very buried desire to know where the girl was and If she had her eyes zoned in on Gregory.
He was a rather stocky fellow, of average height but an obvious well toned body trained by sports, beater perhaps? His hair color was rather odd— mostly dark brown, but speckled with light streaks of gray, uncommon for such a young age. Dressed in a plain white shirt, well pressed jeans, bright red well made muggle sneakers and what appeared to be a necklace of some sort hanging underneath his shirt, the boy was obviously muggle. Well dressed indicating he had a family of decent means. He stands nearly at attention— military family then. Parents divorced, probably. His clothes were well made and he was clearly taken care of, but had no family in sight.  Father supports his son but due to military employment he cannot physically be here. Only child.
While his tone portrayed light conversation, Sherlock knew it was anything but. He threw a nasty glare at Mycroft, who seemed quite pleased. Mycroft would being going into his third year at Hogwarts, with perfect behavior, perfect scores. Just
While others sat on the edges of their seats to see where his younger brother would be placed, Mycroft got rather comfortable.
He found the most vacant spot among his fellow Ravenclaw students and watched as the Longbottom boy from the train was sorted into Gryffindor— that floored him completely. He had bet completely on Hufflepuff. The next name of note was the Malfoy boy he had met in the entrance way before they entered the hall. He had quickly deduced that the boy had his eyes fixated on who whispers said was the famed Harry Potter, obviously intent on gaining his friendship.
“I am so so sorry,” she rambled quickly, a bit breathless, “it is all just so fascinating! It’s real! Blimey isn’t it amazing! I doubted the truth of it all a bit, thought it was all a rather mean joke but it is all real!”
It had perhaps been the only highlight as July bled into August. His father and mother both had confiscated all of his muggle books, pens and journals and locked them away with enchantments he couldn’t possibly break now that he had received his letter (what a ridiculous law). They had set him at a harsh pace of studying all of his books and assigning homework. Homework!!  It was a month until school and he was writing an essay on the importance of a bezoar in most common poison antidotes. After he completed his assigned tasks he was allowed his choice of one— yes one— muggle book but any notes must be made with quill and parchment.
The comment was completely overlooked with the joyful cries of his mother and the boisterous cheers of his father, large hands patting Sherlock’s small shoulders. There were many
His mother and father helped the pair load their things onto the train, Mycroft’s eyes still steadily scanning the throng of students until, just as the train blew a quick whistle indicating for students to board, it finally landed on someone.
Mycroft gave him a scathing look and attempted to disregard the comment all together. “I don't wish to encourage him to push himself into my social life at school Gregory,” He paused for a moment as he stopped to stand in the line of students loading into the carriages. “He needs to find a place of his own here.”
Sherlock had perched himself in the kitchen chair quite like a bird, a book laying on the table across from his fairly untouched bowl of hot porridge and fresh strawberries. Muttering to himself,taking quick notes into a thick journal, his muggle pen jotting rapidly against paper.
Coming from a rather old and fairly wealthy line of purebloods did have its positives and negatives. A positive: nearly everyone scraping to please them since it was common knowledge that they had coin to burn and strings they can pull for whatever the need. His father and mother both working in the ministry and well known among pureblood society did help inflate the power that came with the name. The downsides  piled higher; Sherlock had realized at a young age that the pureblood superiority was rather rubbish and refused to entertain it. In fact he rather admired muggles. The next being that absolutely everyone knew you and everyone wanted to make nice.
“Sherlock,” he introduced himself mid sentence, sticking his hand out in a rather stiff fashion, still watching her engrossed in the atmosphere of the bank. “Muggleborn then? Lovely! I am fascinated by muggles. I was studying the laws  physics before Mother dragged me to get my school things. I am a first year as well.”
This only made Irene lean forward more, her grin turning into full blown smile, “Sherlock is it? I wonder if the youngest Holmes will be as cold as his elder brother hmmm? I think I saw a glimpse of him on the platform. Can’t wait to have him in Slytherin if he's anything like you.”
His mind flying out of control, Sherlock found it hard to climb out of bed and get properly dressed. He dressed in his best dress clothes, cleaned and pressed by his mother the previous  morning. If he looked closely enough, he could see the fine stains of tears along the folds of the pants.
The Potter boy walked his way slowly up to the chair, visibly shaking even from the distance Sherlock sat at. His clothes hung more like trash bags underneath his robes rather than actual clothes; his thin frame a mixture of natural physic and malnutrition. The hat took an enormous amount of time on the boy’s head— much to Sherlock’s relief but to the annoyance of everyone else in the room.
In the moments before they crossed the threshold into the small, dusty muggle bookstore, Sherlock returned his mothers affection with a tight hug.
Not that it bothered him. It was perfectly normal for 13 year old boys and girls to have crushes and try to hone absolutely terrible flirting skills.
He ran his long pale fingers through his rather tamed black curls— surprising compared to the state of the rest of him. His dress pants were wrinkled terribly. His white button up crumpled and only partially buttoned, his bare feet resting on the warm stone wall across from his perch. That’s what he liked about Draco’s quarters. His window seals were just wide enough that he could quite comfortably fit between the walls and watch the world below him. It had been the deciding factor when he had chosen his room to cramp up in rather than his own.
“Odd, I didn’t imagine you capable of having actual friends Mycroft,” he muttered to his brother as they exchanged their final goodbye to their parents.
magical studies— he just tended to lean his interest to potions and magical theory. The rest he had been force fed for years and, naturally, found zero difficulty in. Charms, Transfiguration,Defense Against The Dark Arts— the whole lot he found easy. A tad boring really, but necessary nonetheless.
His theory was that in order to survive the years to come, he would need observations on hand of his fellow students. Names, deductions that he could use to fire back at any overly friendly folks or some of the more nefarious types. He made a particular point on noting Mycroft’s muggleborn friend-- a relationship he would be sure to keep a particular eye on. Anything he could learn concerning his brother was sure to help in the future.
“My dear boy,” she whispered back, soothing her hand over his hair, “Not everyone will. You will find some people who just can’t understand you,” For a brief moment she paused and he began to feel quite dejected at this. “But, there will be
But that would be changing too would it? Everything would. No longer would his brother need to talk to him. Even if he did choose Slytherin, Sherlock could hardly let his name only hold bearing as “Mycroft’s little brother.” No meals or communication would be required at all. He seriously doubted they would even exchange greetings before the Holidays.
The fact alone made him quite nervous and he couldn’t understand it at all. With all the homework, studying, and absolute glee that had followed his letter he had no reason to assume that would change at all. He has been told his entire life that Hogwarts would be the best years of his life. His father had been so distraught that half way into August, as he was skimming through a rather long letter from Hermione written on parchment(the girl does commit doesn’t she) that he even gave his journal and pens back, with added extension charms so they would never run out of paper or ink.
“I think you just wanted me out of the way so you could push him down the stairs,” John said finally.
John frowned. Sherlock’s moods had become harder and harder to predict since moving back in with him. Then again, he’d been gone from John’s life for a long time – maybe John’s memories were just rosier than the reality of the detective.
John threw a hand up. “Finally, the truth.” He watched the detective for another moment and then shrugged. “Not that it matters. Mary’s gone now anyway. Didn’t want to be a part of our mess, and honestly, I don’t blame her.”
He didn’t finish the thought, not really sure where it was going. Sherlock adjusted the coarse focus on his microscope.
“Yes, it is. I do what I’ve always done, speak to people how I’ve always have, but suddenly it’s not good enough for you. You want more from me.”
"There are nightclubs to pick up women or men.A man of reasonable attractiveness like yourself could easily have any partner in that situation."
"Really…logical to phone the dominatrix in our lives to have, ’ the tAlk’ , with OUR sixteen year old daughter…"
Then he latched on again and unlike the last time he was now simply sliding up and down and up and down quickly.He was putting the whole of Sherlock into his mouth somehow and gorging on him until the penis tip hit the back of his throat with each throb.It didn’t take long after this for Sherlock to come.And like John predicted he would, he came loudly and he came hard.The hardest he has ever came in his life.He could not control himself when he screamed out.
