Tony eyed him then, and Steve could see the real Tony—the sober Tony—clawing at the windows of his eyes. “Why? Would you share me?”
Peter let out a snort. “Jackson would eat dog food if you served it to him.
Steve shook his head. “Nope.”
Definitely not a Catholic church. He remembered a few times in the war when men had showed real fear—those rare and fleeting times of panic. If he closed his eyes he could still smell the acrid scent of spent artillery, the choking dirt and dust, the impossibly loud explosions that cleaved the earth all around. He remembered men praying to the Lord, or Jesus, or “Whoever’s Up There.” Screaming to live, screaming to die, begging to be good enough to find paradise. He remembered wondering if
“Tony, where did you get this?” Vision asked. “I can’t identify what kind of grape was used.”
It didn’t feel fair sometimes, that Steve got to have the life with Tony that the other Tony hadn’t. That he was able to prevent mistakes that their alternate selves had made. But he was thankful for it all the same. He had Tony, and they had a lifetime of happiness to look forward to.
Tony grunted as he got into an upright position, but Steve instinctively swooped in when he saw Tony’s eyes blow wide.
Bucky let out a snort. “Yeah, yeah. Tell Pete I say hi.”
“I can tell.”
Each morning started with a grueling run that went only about ten miles, but it was a race. Every single morning, the five of them battled so see who was going to win. Steve didn’t always win, either, which would have made Sam unbelievably happy if he were allowed to know what Steve was doing.
“Thanks for watching out for me,” Tony murmured.
Even if Steve had never told him what happened in that alternate dimension, only that he’d gone to one.
“Tony—”
“Do too.”
The newsreels depicted him as stoic and reserved, waiting with patience to wreak destruction on Omaha Beach.
Tony cocked a brow. “And leave a dust snow angel for Nat to find? No way.”
“Yeah, you too.”
Tony unexpectedly grabbed his wrists, bracing against Steve as Francine illuminated glass shards in red with some kind of light. If a toddler had been running around this penthouse, Steve supposed security precautions for this kind of thing were probably in place. Probably too many, because between Tony and Steve, overprotective would be an understatement.
Tony’s throat was too tight to speak for a moment. The elevator dinged. “Where are you, Steve? We need to talk. Fly in and we’ll talk. There’s a lot we should catch up on.”
“If you aren’t better, we’re going to the doctor.” He needed to put that out there. “And you’ll meet Steve, because I’m going to make him feel so guilty he’ll finally…he’ll come meet you.”
“No.”
“Do you love me?” Tony asked quietly.
“You really have been single a long time,” Tony chuckled. “I’ll stay.”
But now he was alone and kidless, just the way Steve wanted him to be. Morgan was with Pepper, who had taken to her in a way he hadn’t really expected, but wasn’t opposed to in the slightest. Pepper was by no means Morgan’s mother, but she’d taken up quite the role in making sure she was always dressed nicely and—more importantly—a giggling mess of happy.
Steve shook his head. “No. Peter could change his thinking someday and—“
Steve held his gaze, trying to decide what to ask. Bucky didn’t share much with anyone aside from Natasha, but he didn’t trust this man.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t think so. Natasha has started trying to set me up with people and I don’t think any of you guys should be playing matchmaker.”
Steve jumped, quickly returning the helmet to where he’d found it and covering it with clothes. He grabbed Tony’s red silk robe and returned to the bedroom, trying his best to push the little note out of his mind.
“Yeah,” Steve said, smiling a little too wide. Peter wouldn’t come back. He didn’t want to be here anymore. A sad little apartment was no place for a boy with a future as bright as Peter Stark-Rogers’.
Well, one-sided lunch date.
He wouldn’t, Steve knew. He would find some excuse and leave early.
There was an empty section of flooring, and when Tony tapped his watch, holograms burst from the center of the floor, creating a sphere-like shape of interconnected hologram pieces. Energy began to surge between them, and a low hum filled the room as the lights dimmed.
“You already working?” Steve dropped his face into the pillow again, this time with a sigh.
“Look at him. Harry, you’re straight, right? Are you gonna tell me Steve isn’t an attractive man?”
Now he had an electric razor sitting in a drawer that looked like some sort of alien machinery, with three circular spinning blades and the supposed ability to shave dry without cuts. As much as Steve tried to put his trust in new technology, that was one he just couldn’t get past.
Peter went over to get Harry up while Steve whistled out the front door to call the dogs. All four came bounding across the street from where they had been hanging out at Bucky’s, but didn’t enter the house until Steve made sure they hadn’t gone for a dip in the water since he’d washed them down right before dinner. They were dry and clean, so Steve let them inside.
A long breath passed through Peter’s nose. “I don’t…” He blinked, looking at Tony. “He just said ‘yeah.’ That was the last thing he said.”
As excitement and goodwill started to buzz in the room, Steve pretended not to feel the crosshairs sliding up back and the shadows turning into armed men. His heartbeat thrummed in his chest and the anxiety started to replace his gentle thoughts of sunny beaches and sand between his toes, but he would make it.
“C’mere, Noodle,” Tony all but begged as he tried to get pasta sauce wiped from chubby cheeks.
She looked at him, her eyes clouded with deep pain. “Yes, because he asked us to.”
“He’s not here.”
Steve took a shaky breath and closed his eyes, trying to will the nausea away.
Rhodey pushed out a sigh. “I’m sure you could find a way.”
Yes, Peter would be bursting with pride and satisfaction if he knew that his once-father was going to spend centuries buried in the bones of old friends and wearing the rotting flesh of a man unable to admit he had made a mistake.
“He was angry. He didn’t mean it. He’s like me, Steve. He says things he doesn’t—“
“Today’s the day, boys,” the Major said. He had flaxen hair and white blonde lashes. He couldn’t be older than Steve. “Today’s the day we show the Jerrys what happens when they fuck with us. By nightfall we’ll be holed up in Caen, hanging Jerry corpses and havin’ campfires by hollowed Panzers, roastin’ marshmallows, and thinkin’ about our gals at home.”
“Bucky said not to,” Peter replied in just as sharp a tone. “He gave me another number to call.”
Steve grit his teeth, too overstimulated, but there was a heat behind it now, and he started thickening up in Tony’s hand after just a few moments.
“Hey—” Clint’s hand was suddenly waving in front of his screen, and Tony clicked it off.
“Shut up.” Bucky gave him a firm metal pat on the forehead just for good measure. “No hearts in  your eyes while you’re on mission, got it?”
“We speak English, don’t we?”
“That’s for scaring me, motherfucker,” Blaine hissed.
Steve leveled his gaze at Bucky, and Bucky stared right back. He wasn’t going to budge.
“You were never going to come back to me, were you?” Tony asked quietly.
“Your father—“
Peter frowned. “I didn’t really see, Dad. He just had tears in his eyes and he left.”
“And I distinctly remember you sitting on a tabletop while I was working on something, and you asked me how to talk to a girl,” Tony continued, his grin fond. “When we talked about that, I never in a million years expected that this girl named Mary Jane would be anything more than your first heartbreak. I thought for sure you’d inherited my tendency for going through lovers left and right, but then you were dating her for a year, then two—until finally I realized that this girl was the one.”
Vision shook his head. “Tony, I tested it.” But he paused, and Tony’s stomach sank. “There is a chance that the spell affects the wine in the glass, put perhaps it is not equipped to maintain its power inside a human body.”
“Let’s see…” Tony quirked his lips, scraping his mind to try to remember a time when he had been the bearer of bad news for Steve. Twelve years ago was when they got divorced, but again, he hadn’t been the one to give those divorce papers.
Each word was like a hot lash against Steve’s face. He stood up quickly, his chair scraping against the wood floor.
Winona nodded slowly. “Yes. It doesn’t mean that we’re out of the woods, but it’s a major win. I’d say with your resources you could have a child within a few months, if not sooner.”
“What are you doing?” Steve hissed under his breath.
Steve blinked when there were suddenly fingers combing through his hair. It wasn’t Peter, though. Steve lifted his head to see Tony looking at him, a warm smile on his face. He scratched lightly at the nape of Steve’s neck.
Steve cocked a brow.  “Are you?”
“Dada, we’ve gotta see more,” Morgan said, rubbing her eyes. “I gots more art.”
He’d been one of the old-timers who had seen a spiking divorce rate as a parallel to immorality, even if he never said it that way. He tried to be open-minded, he tried to see how people’s idea of marriage had changed to let divorce be a viable option. Hell, he’d come out two years ago as a man interested in men, and he still hadn’t been able to accept that one.
“He loves you, Steve,” Tony said. “You’re going back there.”
And still Steve said nothing. He just straightened his shoulders and followed to begin washing his hair. They were just going through the motions, careening down the same tracks they’d built and used again and again over the years.
Tony shook his head. “God—no, no, nothing like that. Entirely personal. A personal project.  The public has to support me.”
“I want you to fuck me this time,” Tony panted, spreading his legs. Steve nestled between them, grunting softly when Tony wrapped his thighs around his waist and squeezed.  Definitely high. Tony only ever let Steve fuck him when there were drugs involved or he came early and was too blissed out to be self-conscious. Tony thought of himself as weak when another man fucked him, but Steve didn’t give a shit. Though he had to say he very much enjoyed being the only man Tony allowed to do this.
“But if Daddy ever, ever hurts you, Uncle Jarvis is going to call me. Do you hear me, Peter? Uncle Jarvis will call me and I will not let him hurt you ever, ever.”
Maybe this was what forgiveness truly felt like.
“I encourage you to try,” Tony said quietly.
Tony swallowed hard. “Yeah, I got it. Thanks, Steve.”
“Steve,” Natasha was saying, gently whacking him with her boxing gloves.
It wasn’t raining. That was about the only positive that Steve could find as he took a seat on one of the benches, watching as men filed into the boat from the ladder. The boys were anxious, the kind of nervous chatter that came with green troops. The new soldiers were easy to spot—they had bright eyes and smiles only half nervous. The weathered men stared at nothing, talking to each other without really talking.
“I had it handled,” Maria muttered.
Blaine paused at one of the side doors of the house, popping open his helmet to expose his face. Everyone else followed suit except Cueball, who had pulled out a tablet and was tapping away.
The rest of the day they were drilled on equipment, procedure, and a variety of skills. Days could be made up of survival training, bomb defusing, interrogation techniques, or stealth exercises. And then there were hours in simulations that ranged from hostage situations to assassinations—all of which were designed to test their decision-making and put them under extreme stress.
Steve had suspected some sort of concussion with the impact of the crash—especially since Tony hadn’t been wearing the suit.
“I promise,” Not-Tony agreed. “Everything.”
If Bucky were stronger, he would have asked Steve to stay here. To live with him like the old days.
Steve only knew a few people at the table. Harry Osborne, Rhodey, Pepper, and Tony. Three women also sat at the table that Steve didn’t know. One was MJ’s age, so Steve assumed she was her maid of honor, and an older woman.
A sticky fiber shot from the band and retracted, pulled the ceramic from Steve’s foot. Steve flinched involuntarily, letting out a hiss as more blood trickled onto the floor. Tony tapped the band and a cloud of white sprayed from the band, coating Steve’s foot.
Steve shuffled into the master bedroom, and found it was actually more like home than his floor in the tower. The bed frame was rough wood that looked to have been made by hand. A simple mattress with dusty blue sheets and one pillow made up the bedding. Steve unrolled their sleeping bags on top of it all anyway. Bed bugs were not fun.
“Could you?” he choked out—definitely not close to crying or anything. That would be stupid, and he wasn’t that.
He could feel that this was the makings of a bad idea, but Steve Rogers had never been good at avoiding those. He didn’t love Tony anymore, and he knew Tony didn’t love him.
The moment Blaine was gone, his throat tightened up again and rocks settled in his lungs. The shadows on the terrace churned, hiding silhouettes of men with weapons. A flapping string of flags above resounded in Steve’s ears as the slaps of bullets tearing bodies apart.
Jackson shook his head. “No, no. You’ve been far too kind already, Steve. Letting us stay here, making us dinner—just let me know where we’ll be sleeping and I’ll take care of the rest.”
Steve blinked, his cheeks turning pink. Surely he wasn’t that easy to read.
A silence hung in the room for a moment, and Steve knew it was time to go. The portal hummed, inviting him back.
Blaine stood up beside him, gazing at Sam and Bucky with the same uncertainty as Steve.
Steve blinked.
“Steve, just stay for a drink,” Tony said in a false-casual voice. “You’re freaking out about the invitation thing. Don’t. We’re all good.”
“Let me take you out to dinner,” Tony offered quietly. “I’ll answer any questions you have.”
“Oh good, shower sex,” Tony said with a roll of his eyes, scooting from bed himself.  “I’ll take a coffee for the road.”
Tony lifted his hand, also sporting a band. His was the reverse: red titanium alloy with a vibranium stripe. “Yes, but I meant it when I said we have to clarify we aren’t married. I don’t want anyone think they’re getting out of this without getting a mega-wedding.”
Fuck. Steve wasn’t allowed to just say things like that. Bucky dipped his head with a little laugh, definitely not blushing. Oh fuck.  “Aw, Stevie, you’re a doll.”
It wasn’t long before a low grunt signaled Tony’s entry back in the world.
Even as Tony sank to his knees on the plush bathroom rug outside the shower, eyes dusky, Steve knew he was a means to an end. He was a way to keep the high going, a way to fully experience it.
“That’s not going to work,” Not-Tony said in the same gentle tone. “I promise I’ll explain everything if you just rest first.”
Of course, Steve couldn’t really blame him. Peter hadn’t seen him in almost a half a century. Steve hadn’t aged, but his hair had darkened considerably. And he did look different—sharper eyes, sterner lips, and his beard had even caused Tony to look at him suspiciously during their last conversation.
Steve kept his gaze on his phone. He wanted to get up and yell at these people, but this was Tony’s day. He wasn’t going to make a scene and ruin it. This was Tony and Jackson’s wedding! It was supposed to be about them!
“And...and Daddy’s gonna take you away from me, Petey. I don’t know if you’ll understand this, but I’m not really your Papa. You’re not really mine, Pete.”
Like he was a weak loser who relied on people to feel sorry for him to feel better about himself.
Three months was a long time. Tony easily could have moved on, found someone else. Their façade had probably gotten old, and maybe Tony had realized that he didn’t care at all about the man who had hidden the truth about his parents’ deaths.
“Since now?”
“No. That’s why it was a nightmare. I had to do background checks and an interview and everything.” Morgan started to pout, and Tony shushed her gently. “It’s gonna be better, Noodle. Just wait.”
It didn’t even feel good to get off that time. Just a release of tension.
Wanda touched his hand again, and he closed his eyes as the pain washed over him anew. Worst was the confusion. It reminded Vision of the way Tony had come to him in the dark.
“Hundred and one.”
“It was weird. He acted like I wasn’t coming back.”
It was hard to believe that his fairytale had gone so grim. Love was supposed to save everything, to be the tether to keep them both from straying too far.
He vomited again, though this time it was just a punch in the gut with nothing coming up his throat but stomach acid.
“Steve, there are about a million other ways you could have handled this,” Tony hissed, unable to hide the hurt, his cheeks hot. “Instead you just—you’re here? Kissing me? And you’ve been hanging out with my daughter? Doesn’t that seem a little fucked up to you?”
Not-Tony shook his head yet again. “That’s one rule I can’t break,” he said. “You need a clear head to hear what I have to say. If you aren’t rested, it will probably end  badly for everyone involved.”
“Yes, please,” Steve said, turning back to the magazine article.
He held the phone to his ear okay.
She really liked to hold onto his helmet while he went over notes, and if she didn’t have it in her hands she screamed until she did. It made his heart swell to see her love a hunk of metal so much, even if it terrified him to think about the next time he had to put it on.
“Oh, I’m still a little upset,” Tony assured him with a sly grin. “But it’s nothing we can fix now, and I’m trying to…you know. Give us a real shot. A clean slate.”
“Well that’s good,” he said when he realized he hadn’t spoken. “But something else is wrong.”
Steve snapped to look at him, eyes widening at the sight of Tony surrounded by blood bags. A mountain of them, bright crimson.  He jerked as he fought to look at his arms for any IV holes, though they probably would have healed over by now.
Tony traced a vein in the wood with a finger. “So when do you go back to Washington?”
“So why won’t you tell me what it is, then?” Steve asked, trying not to get suspicious or annoyed. It was a difficult balance with Tony.
Tears leaked from his eyes against his will.  “I’m so happy for you and Mary Jane. You…I’m just so happy that you’re both happy.”
“Do you love him?” Steve tried, closing his eyes.
“My parents were a little old-fashioned,” Steve said after a moment.
Without hesitation, Steve pulled the trigger.
“I’m talking to you.”
The smile Tony gave him was cracked. “Nobody’s in any danger, Steve,” he said softly.
“Oh, so you’re just abandoning him now that he’s not a little kid for you to coddle?” Tony snapped. “Don’t pull that shit with me, Steve. Don’t pull this insecurity bullshit. The world does
. It was rocky, to say the least. They didn’t trust each other as fully as they should, and it showed.
“Friday, get me—”
Steve shot him a look. “What?”
“Okay, well this isn’t the Playboy calendar run, if that’s what you’re thinking.” Really, he wasn’t even sure he should be bringing this up. Talking about it with someone else made it a “thing.”
Clint didn’t look like he believed him, but he nodded anyway. “Okay. I’m on my way to ask him now.”
“Oh, no, I didn’t mean it like that—”
The world around Steve froze. Not quickly, but in a creeping fashion, like frost curling on a windowpane, leaving Ben in a snowy vignette as he move in slow motion. Talking on the phone he’d said he didn’t have. Everyone always had their phone on them now.
Steve just laughed and leaned over to press a kiss to his temple.
A secondary explosion rocked the ground, the force of it lifting the shield slightly and throwing Steve onto his back.
Steve entered the room and investigated the corners, kicked over a few sizable wooden crates, and shot a few bullets into the couch and comfy chairs.
But worse than that was the parasite in his gut that gnawed at his insides whenever he thought about spending the rest of his life absolutely and utterly alone with no hope of ever finding love again.
Jackson was probably the most fashionable person Steve had ever met.  Not to mention he was a beautiful person to begin with. Steve wasn’t attracted to him, but he recognized a handsome man when he saw one. Jackson was darker than Sam, with a demeanor that oozed an intimidating confidence, but his eyes were warm and kind. He always wore tailored suits and Italian leather shoes, with platinum cuff links and occasionally a pair of simple earrings to match. Oh, and his trademark black-rimmed glasses that said “professional businessman you don’t want to mess with.”
“Tony,” he said, plastering a smile on his face. “Jackson.”
“Four heartbeats locked in,” Emory replied, not looking away from his scope.
Tony slid into the doorway, nearly missing it entirely as he pushed through the threshold.
There was the sounded of sneakers on concrete and both Steve and Tony looked over to see Peter rushing up the stairs. He paused at the top, his teenage hesitance for familial affection kicking in, but then he hugged Steve tightly.
“Hey, Dad?” Peter called from outside, his voice distant. “Everything okay?”
“Hey,” Bucky said, but he didn’t step forward.
Tears welled in Steve’s eyes and he gripped the door tightly. “Stop.”
“Yeah, Pops, I’m happy,” Peter said, but Steve could tell he was unsure.
“When you and Pops were married, did you ever have to tell him something bad?”
Not-Tony snorted softly. “Okay, yes, those lamps are from 1945. They cost me a lot of money, too. From a cafe in Austria, the one you visited with Bucky Barnes and all of your buddies after Monte Cassino.”
Not-Tony shook his head again. “Steve, he’s not here. He knows me through the Avengers.”
Blaine shrugged with a laugh. “Was that the Brooklyn accent I just heard, Captain?”
Pepper didn’t say anything until they were at the final chair in the furthest corner of the seats. Back row. The place where someone sat to be forgotten about. Steve tried to smile.
Steve kept a hand wrapped around Blaine’s forearm and pushed himself to the limit. They had to make the fence. Blaine had to make the fence.
A staccato vibration at his wrist turned Tony’s attention down. Friday had taken to alerting him via text:
“Your plan?” Steve asked, pulling away.
Or maybe that was because he had an addiction problem. Ex-problem. And an ex-husband.
Even when he was inspecting his weapon as he was now, it never took Bucky more than two minutes to put it together. When she was complete, she was massive. Shorter than an Intervention, but no less intimidating.
Steve looked away and down at his arm. “How come you stitched me up and not the medic?”
A question he couldn’t ask. A question he wouldn’t ask.
“Steve,” Tony said again, this time out of breath.
Blaine took off his beanie and ruffled his hair before putting the beanie right back on again. “Get fixed up. You’ll go out with us in two days. I expect you to be ready to kill and complete the mission.”
So Steve spent Christmas staring at a collection of wrapped presents under a tree that had bite marks on the trunk where Fluffernutter had decided to taste pine. Not even Bucky’s cinnamon and vodka-spiked eggnog had brought a smile to his face.
“Name?”
He hated the look of pain that came to Tony’s face, but he knew it was the right decision. He would immediately feel attached to the kid, and he didn’t need that clouding his decisionmaking right now.
Their foreheads bumped together, but Steve barely registered it. Even after twelve years, this motion was familiar to him, his mind was just skating along a familiar track.
Right now though, it was just Steve. He hadn’t been able to find an apartment in New York, and SHIELD was even talking about moving him to D.C. soon. A change of scenery would be nice. It would allow him to get himself sorted out after his fiasco with his newly discovered bisexuality. The fiasco part being that he had mistakenly told Natasha and now everyone in the team knew.
“Perfect day,” another replied.
“Practice?”
“Did Dad talk to you? Did he know you were here?”
“Literally all of this is your fault,” Peter interrupted in a hiss. “You had so many chances to get over yourself and fix this, but you’re so fucking proud that you refused. You
“Daddy and I fight too much. You don’t understand that now, but when you’re older, you will. It keeps getting worse too, no matter what I try to do. And…you’ve never met Grandma and Grandpa, my mom and dad, but they fought all the time. Always. And back then nobody got a divorce. That’s what me and Daddy are gonna do—get a divorce.”
“No, nothing happened to me. You just…I wasn’t expecting that,” he finally muttered, scrapping at his oatmeal again. There were a few oats sticking on the sides that needed to be eaten.
He looked around, analyzing the space for suspicious movement, but the noise of the club was too much like the booming of gunfire.
“No,” Steve immediately replied. “You think I’m that selfish? That I’d kill myself the night before Peter’s wedding?” He let out a disgusted snort. “One final ‘fuck you.’ That’s all it would be for them.”
“Don’t,” Tony warned in a whisper. “Don’t.”
“Roger that. Extraction on the way, ETA four minutes.”
“You’re not the first Steve to come through here,” Rhodey began. “You’re the 51st.”
“Of course, Mary Jane,” he managed to reply. “I would never miss something this important.”
“So why can’t it be?”
The mirage of brick fell away, revealing a door. It looked different than Steve remembered, but he supposed that made sense too. He had no idea what was going on, but he was inside, and that was what mattered.
A shiver ran up Steve’s spine, a darkness started to creep up along with it.
Blaine nodded slowly, chewing on the inside of his cheek. “Okay.”
“How’s your head feel?” Steve finally asked, turning his head to rest his cheek on a knee.
Lightning flashed and Peter groaned, squirming on his chest to try to avoid the light. Steve shushed him gently, swaying side to side and turning his back to the window to try to shield Peter from the storm.
It wasn’t until the car was gone and Steve brought a hand to his lips that he replied.
The new year was rung in with the ticking of his bedside clock in the darkness as he had stared into the gloom knowing full well that this year would be the worst he had ever been through.
“Yeah,” he replied in a little breath. “I’m okay, Stevie.”
That was a kind of total trust, total enveloping love that Steve was shocked could even come from Tony in such a short time. Steve had been with him for a few years and he didn’t think Tony would ever be the person to share a bed with a stuffed animal. He didn’t get attached to inanimate objects that weren’t made of metal. Yet this person had stepped into Tony’s life in a matter of months and flipped him on a head.
“I just wanted to say congratulations before I head out,” Steve said, reaching out for a handshake.
There was the sound of dishes clinking in the sink as Jackson washed them (he had insisted despite Steve’s pleas that he would do it himself), and the soft sound of snoring from the couch where Harry had drifted off to sleep, exhausted from all of the excitement. Peter looked like he was going to conk out any minute.
Steve looked up and met his eye, cocking a brow. “Is there something on my face?”
Probably not.
“Hey Dad?” Peter asked distractedly.
More silence.
“I’m sorry—what?”
Steve snorted. “Nice shooting.”
Clint’s brow furrowed slightly. “You don’t have any objections?”
“No, Tony,” Steve dropped the brush and rushed over to him, hands gently going to his arms.
“Yeah,” Tony murmured, looking away. “Nothing personal.”
A pained crossed Peter’s face. “Harry said there’s always parties on the weekends. I have to be there if there are—it’s a networking thing, dad. You can’t just show up to work every day, it’s about networking.”
He gave Tony a small smile and an equally small wave from the elevator before the doors closed. The elevator started downward, and Steve’s heart went with it, sparking a dull, throbbing pain in his chest.
“My robe is on the hook in the back, Cap,” Tony called from bed. “You okay in there?”
For a moment he thought that Peter recognized him, the way his eyes narrowed. But then he just snorted. “My father made that mistake, you know.”
“It’s the right choice,” Tony said, eyes on Natasha. “Not worth the risk in there. Send your friend our kind regards, though.”
“Hi, Pepper,” Steve replied. This was the ex-husband awkwardness he had been trying to prepare for. “How’s it going?”
“I would not injure myself because I felt sad!” Steve burst out. “The fence needed fixing and I fucking fixed it! At least, I was trying to before I fell off the goddamn thing. I am
But he had to know where the hell Steve had gone, or if he was even gone at all. The new number Bucky had given Peter was so wrought with encryptions that Tony had spent the last four hours fussing with it and still hadn’t gotten even halfway through.
“Hey.”
Bucky lifted his hands and took Steve’s, feeling out the vibrations for himself.
“C’mon.” He gently scooped her up into his arms and made his way to her little bedroom. Her toys were strewn all over the floor, and her kiddie workstation was a chaos of drawing supplies and dried paint. She really had a thing for art.
“I know,” Steve said quietly. “I really am okay, Buck. It’s just today.”
“If I wasn’t pretending, I would have thrown you out by now.”
He released Steve’s hand.
So when a man sat down across from him at a build-your-own salad shop in Brooklyn, Steve prepared himself for yet another verbal lashing.
“You still runnin’ every morning?”
“I came from work, Tones, unlike you.”
“No,” Steve said quietly. Tony could see his hands shaking.
“Oh, great. I feel better already,” Bucky said dryly. He frowned. “Is it…can I give ya a hug? Is that okay?”
He pulled off his goggles and set his work station back into some semblance of order before leaving it to the bots as he headed to the elevator.
“How was everything today?” Steve asked, tucking his head against Tony’s to kiss his cheek. “Everything good?”
Very little could faze him now. Certainly not physical intimacy or sleeping next to strangers. Hell, he’d slept naked in the woods with soldiers he didn’t know  to escape the heat.
It was hard to steel his heart like this. The past three months had been inner turmoil, but Steve was an optimistic man. He did his best to think about only the good things happening with Tony, but as he looked around the penthouse, it was clear to him that maybe his worst fears had come true.
Immediately, his phone buzzed to life. Peter was calling.
“With my internship at Oscorp,” Peter continued, “Every week I’m with him it’s going to take me an extra twenty minutes to get to work. And Harry and Mary Jane are close here, and I assume Harry and me will be working on a lot of stuff together…” Tony doubted it. Norman would have Peter working on the best of the projects. “So it’ll just be way easier to live here. And I don’t have a lab to work in at his house.”
“You…” Tony thought a moment. “If you meet someone else, we’ll dissolve it. But I need six months. You can tell whoever you meet that you have a contractual obligation. Avengers PR or something.”
Steve shook his head. “I didn’t say that to make you feel bad or anything. But I
“But what if it isn’t right?” Wanda asked, absently twirling a string of red energy between her fingers. She looked up at him, testing him.
“Finally,” Tony muttered, continuing to fuse some parts. He needed a new soldering gun. Which meant he needed to build a new soldering gun with his current soldering gun before it went completely bad. He scribbled it down on a scrap of paper that had “TO DO” scrawled on the top, mashed in with about fifty other things marked as priorities.
“I know.” Tony abandoned rubbing his arms and brought his hands to cup Steve’s face instead, thumbing at his cheekbones. “I’m sorry. I’m here now.”
“No, nothing out of the ordinary,” Clint replied, but he looked troubled. “I mean, mission’s in France, we fly out in two days. Intel extract, should only take three days or so.”
“You can’t talk. How much is that suit you’re wearing right now?” Tony countered, knocking Jackson fondly with his shoulder.
Hurt lashed through Steve’s chest. “That’s not what I meant. I’m just trying to tell you how I feel so you’ll know.”
Steve was beside him in a heartbeat, silent.
“Steve, you’re welcome here,” Jackson said, putting a hand on his shoulder.
Tony’s ghost was there, right in front of him, hands on his shoulders, fucking blue eyes just boring into him as he called his name over and over.
friends with. Wherever he was, Bucky had been here, and he had trusted this man enough to tell him a story like that.
Again with the crying. Again with the fucking crying.
He licked his lips uncomfortably. “Is that why you hate me? Because I divorced your father?”
He tossed the blanket to Tony, where it landed with a gentle thump on his chest. Steve would not lower himself to tucking Tony in like a child.
He should have pulled him down or stood up or moved or
Clint glanced around for a moment, as if anyone other than fellow Avengers even had clearance for the Avengers-only floor. “It’s a Class 7.”
With that, the meeting adjourned. The screen went black, blending into the dark granite as they made final preparations for the mission. Bucky was shooting looks at him that said he wasn’t happy with the outcome, but Steve ignored them like he had for the past century. If Tony agreed with him, it couldn’t be too stupid of an idea.
“And now they just…” His brows lifted. “Well, I mean,
Steve looked back down at the dog. “Why’d you bring the dog?”
Fuck, life was a fickle bitch to Steve Rogers.
He tried to pull back, but Tony didn’t let him.
Even Bucky had made a comment about him smiling more. Bucky, who would sooner put a bullet through Tony’s skull then talk to him on the phone. When Bucky had heard about the wedding, he had pulled Steve into a hug and Steve had just stared at the wall, unable to feel anything at all. The invitation only upset him because it reminded him that life didn’t care what he was doing, it pushed on without him.
Nobody moved.
Tony would never call twice like that.
Then: “If I went to Peter’s wedding, would he want me there?”
“Pops isn’t picking up,” Peter said.
Peter sounded exactly like his father when he was yelling.
“I know I don’t have the authority to speak for him, since things in your dimension are different,” Tony said softly. “But if he still chose you after all of that and you weren’t even together…he cares about you more than you know.”
Tony had no problem imagining Steve ‘s internal debate whenever he got the text (every Thursday at 4 o’clock on the dot), deciding whether or not to cancel his Friday plans, thinking about what he would say if he did show up, thinking about doing this whole relationship thing. That was why Tony sent the text: because it meant that at least one time a week, Steve was thinking about them. About him. It was selfish, but he needed that little shred of hope to stay functioning.
“Steve, hi,” she greeted. Her smile at least looked genuine to people who didn’t know better.
Steve was shaking, but he wasn’t sure if it was from sadness, anger, or shock. “What is going on, Peter?” he asked, the emotion leaking into his voice. “Where—What brought this on?”
Tony sank back in the sand, curving himself just so that he fit in all of the spaces Steve had created between them. His head rested against Steve’s arm, and Steve closed his eyes, bracing himself for the familiar scent that washed over him just a moment later.
Tony Stark caught leaving Avengers Tower hand-in-hand with Cap!
Tony ran a hand through his hair, a motion of ultimate stress and frustration. But Steve wasn’t backing down just because Tony was uncomfortable.
“What’s in this compound anyway?” Steve asked quietly as Blaine brushed the red snow from his gloves.
“Access granted. Welcome, Steve.”
“I imagine that’s what it was, yeah,” Tony said with a shrug. “Not your fault. I had fun.”
“Dad’ll make sure you’re okay,” Peter said with a half-smile. He ducked a little closer. “And you gotta let him, okay?
It took several moments for Steve to understand what words had just been spoken, and even when he did understand he couldn’t really comprehend.  Surely he’d misheard.
“Would it be easier if I left?” Tony asked after a moment.
Steve cut her off. “Get in.” He shoved her into the elevator.
Something stirred in his heart that he may have once recognized as warmth.
“I never saw it like that.” Steve shook his head. “An abusive relationship implies you had malicious intent. Maybe it wasn’t setting us up for anything healthy, but you were always so stressed. Keeping tabs on me made you feel like you could protect me better if something went wrong. And knowing about what missions I was taking helped you not rip your hair out with worry.”
Steve watched carefully as Tony spoke, looking for any sign that this was a trap. Instead, he read nervousness—and Tony Stark seldom showed anyone that he was nervous about anything. Steve sat up a little straighter in his seat and picked up an onion ring, taking a bite.
“She’s getting a divorce,” Tony said gravely, scratching Steve’s back through his shirt. “And she’s not much warmer when she’s happy, if that counts for anything.”
Steve put on a weak smile and turned his head to capture Tony’s lips with his own. He didn’t feel much better about the situation with Candice, but he trusted Tony. Tony would protect their family in all of the ways Steve couldn’t.
,” Steve groaned, slumping into the mattress with another release.
“Some kind of timing, huh,” Tony grumbled, pinching the bridge of his nose. This couldn’t be happening. He needed Steve around. Three months was way too long.
“Do you want to meet her?” Tony offered weakly.
The hovercraft took off and Steve closed his eyes, drawing in a breath of chilling Russian air, his legs dangling over the city below. Emory plopped down beside him, cheeks full of what Steve assumed was a banana peanut butter sandwich. Emory kicked his feet like a little kid before offering him a bite.
“I don’t think I remember one.” He stood up, brushing his hands on his pants. He moved and picked up a stool on his way over to Peter, plopping it down beside his son and sitting down. He knocked Peter with his shoulder. “What’s up?”
I used to be afraid of the day I could no longer do work.  Work defined such a large part of my life, but I’m ready to rest now. My brain is tired. My body is tired too, but I know I have more left in here. My hands though…I guess since I’ll be dead when you read this I can tell you that they hurt like hell. Holding this stupid pen is like holding a molten piece of metal between my fingers. And my wrists? I’ve had three surgeries.
A dog barked nearby, so loud that the house shook. Steve felt the animals’ breath on his calves and he tasted the same frenzy, the same bloodlust.
“See you soon.” Steve ended the call and hurried to wipe the moisture from his eyes as Peter returned, only his face and ankles sticking out from behind the shield, his suitcase rolling along behind him.
“Yeah,” Tony said, wringing it out in the sink so it wouldn’t be soaked.
Steve shut the door; the
Steve frowned and shook his head. “Might be able to get a letter to you or something, but that’s about it. You wouldn’t be able to write me back.”
“We were young, Steve. Fifteen years ago. You know how much I’ve learned in fifteen years?” Tony shook his head. “You were never coming back, just say it.”
Not-Tony seemed to take that as an answer in itself. “I’m not going to explain any specifics until you’ve rested and gotten something to eat. But you travelled a long way in a short time. Kind of like when you were in the ice, except nobody here is trying to tell you it’s still 1945.”
“The potion worked, then,” Thor interrupted with a triumphant smile. “You both saw the reality you wanted most. As I predicted, that reality was shared. As for what actually occurred, you likely bathed and retreated to the bedchamber. Most do—just to sleep, mind you.”
He secured Peter with one hand and lifted the other to thumb at his son’s chubby cheek, smiling fondly. Peter was turning into quite the chubmonster. He still had the gangly baby limbs, but his cheeks puffed and his belly was round and Steve knew that pretty soon he was going to have sausage link arms and legs.
Tony met his eye, gaze fierce. “The secret, Steve.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
Rhodey’s place was immaculate and boring. For a guy that made so much money, Tony had to wonder where all of it went. His crappy oak dining table certainly wasn’t worth anything, the car in his garage was a Porsche Boxster GTS, about the girliest convertible he could have possibly picked for himself. And it wasn’t even an American car. Downright insulting to the land of the free.
Ben was standing on the opposite side of the street, hailing a cab with one hand and holding his phone with the other.
“What? That I would say I want to be with him again?” Steve snapped as quietly as he could. “This is ridiculous.”
Tony shot him a glare and pocketed his phone.
“Yes, I remember,” Steve said curtly. “Now, are you going to have something to drink, old man, or are you going to keep bringing up a marriage that’s been over for fifteen years?”
It sounded like Tony was just trying to convince himself, but Steve had seen it get better. He’d felt it.
Why the fuck--?
Bucky shook his head. “Might be easy to access, but it’s fortified. As long as you aren’t in exterior rooms, you should be fine.”
“If there ever is someone else,” Tony whispered. “We’ll figure it out. You hear me? And if they try to take me away from you, I’ll choose you every time.”
“I don’t know,” he finally responded.
“Us,” Steve breathed. “Everything. Those two things are one in the same to me—weren’t they the same for you once too? Was it ever the same for you?”
“Copy that,” Steve replied, ripping open the metal plating on the computer modem. The hard drive was there, exposed like a gleaming jewel underneath more wires. He leaned down, squinting to try to make out the code stickered on the side. “Hard drive ID is one-alpha-foxtrot-five-seven-zero-tango-zulu.”
Fortunately, they weren’t in any real survival mode. The Quinjet was equipped with enough food for months, enough medical supplies to patch up a small army, and they were armed to the teeth if their enemies had somehow tracked their embarrassing fall. The only thing they didn’t have was fire (enemies could spot that from a far distance), but they had sleeping bags, a tent, and plenty of blankets.
“Doesn’t feel like enough, hm.” It never did. Steve remembered how anxious he’d always been before Tony left on a big trip (with reason – Tony liked to pack everything last minute and often forgot important things like his toothbrush and clothes), but Tony seldom had the same worries about him. Steve always had his bags packed, and he never forgot anything. Tony had stopped asking.
The gushing fountain of happiness in Steve’s chest burst a pipe. He swallowed, glancing between the tablet and Tony, waiting for the joke. The true story. He waited for Tony to laugh and say that it was all a trick, that he really just wanted to go get dinner.
But Tony had known then that Steve wouldn’t be able to handle being all alone. Tony had never wanted that for him. That was why he forced his lawyers to give Steve joint custody. Peter needed the father that would endlessly dote on him and teach him all of the family things Tony had never learned.
He silently went about his morning routine: changing out of his sleeping sweats and into track pants. The kind Tony had always liked. Steve told himself he wore them because they were comfortable and light, openly turning a blind eye to the truth. Sometimes that was the best way to move on.
Steve looked down at his hands. His phone sat beside him, turned off. He was sure when he turned it on again that there would be several texts from Tony there, continuing to try to plan their first outing as a reunited couple. They’d narrowed it down to either a charity event or an Avengers mission press conference.
They both stared at the photo for a while, and Steve could remember clearly the joy he’d had in his heart that day. The way that kiss had tasted, the way Tony had laughed with so much happiness when Steve finally pulled away and the crowd nearly brought the place down all around them.
Tony had yet to learn from the world.
“Hey.” Tony crawled closer, sitting up a little more so he could reach over and place a hand on Steve’s forearm.
BY DAISY MATCHES | 0 COMMENTS | POSTED
Steve didn’t think he’d ever be able to give up a whole month of the year for vacation. He couldn’t imagine Tony agreeing to that either—and that was if they ever made it to a point where they could get married. They hadn’t even been dating six months and they were already fighting. Work was just too important, too necessary.
“Yeah, yeah,” Bucky said dismissively. “He’s okay. I checked on him just before I came here.”
“He’s twenty three. He’s two years younger than when you went to war. He’s just as young and stupid as you and I were. He needs you there, guiding him, but you’ve just—you’ve—I don’t even know. If you’re too much of a coward to tell him you don’t want him, then tough luck. I’m not telling him.”
He shifted uncomfortably in the hot sun, wishing he had brought his aviators. They were in his hotel room, sitting on his dresser probably.
Tony turned to him. “Excuse me? That’s a little PG-13 from what I remember.”
Bucky nodded slowly. “Yeah, I get it. I wouldn’t lie to him either.”
Steve gave a halfhearted snort. “And where is that, exactly?”
Steve held his gaze. “If they’re manufacturing atomic bombs in there and it’s full of radiation, I’d say that pertains to the success of the mission.”
Hurt knotted in his gut.
“Tony.”
“Win or lose, I’m leaving,” Blaine said. He stood up, scrubbing his beanie to scratch his head and letting out a yawn. “Fuck, I swear Galipault put fucking BB’s in the sim this morning.”
“Mm, Tony,” Steve mumbled, lifting his hips again as Tony’s sucking started him into overstimulation. “That’s enough, babe.”
His head was spinning.
Steve laughed, shaking his head. “I know, I know. I managed to make it out unscathed, though.” He sipped some more broth, then got this little goofy smile that Bucky hadn’t seen in a long time.
Bucky just grinned. “You’ll see, Stevie,” he said. “Just wait.”
“Really? I just asked you if you wanted some. Manners, Stark.” But Rhodey stood and headed over to get some juice. Tony just shrugged. “So, tell me what’s up.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Well, yeah. Steve is not gonna be like it was with Pepper. He’s like…Right out of Bye Bye Birdie or something. Going steady, no messing around on the sidelines, real relationship stuff.”
“You weren’t around him every day for a week at a time. I was. I still remember how horrible it was, even though I was just a kid. I remember Bruce Banner coming over after Dad locked himself in the bathroom and wouldn’t come out. Then when Bruce got the door open he told me that Dad had been brushing his teeth and ‘accidently’ swallowed too much mouthwash.” Peter’s eyes were swimming with tears. “It took me until I was twelve to understand that he’d been trying to drink it because it has alcohol in it and the Tower was dry. That was because of you!”
Steve blinked, looking from Tony and back to the video. “This is the good ol’ days?”
“I’ll see you,” Steve repeated.
The doors closed and Steve began to descend, swaying slightly as the elevator rocked.
It was always hard seeing the people he loved grow old. In Steve’s heart, they were always young, glowing with youth and brimming with happiness. When he thought of Tony, he still saw his wrinkle-eyed smile, his dark hair, his twinkling eyes. But that day Tony’s hair had been all grey, his eyes tired, and his smiles gone.
Without so much as a goodbye, Steve adjusted his beanie and turned away, heading back for the elevator. Peter might have been happier knowing that he regretted everything he had ever done to hurt his family. Peter would have also been happy to know that Steve would spent the rest of his eternal life warring with all of the ‘what ifs’ of his marriage, of having a child. What if he had just let it go to abuse. What if it hadn’t ended up going to abuse. What if he had stuck around long enough for Tony to divorce him. What if he had waited another week, another year, another fucking lifetime to end things.
He stopped, letting out a sigh.
“Ever think maybe there’s a reason for that?” Rhodey returned. When Tony shot him daggers, he corrected himself. “You hid this from everyone until Steve left. Of course we support you, but hiding it from us kinda made it feel like this was one of those rush decisions you make.”
The team snickered and glances flicked between the snarling dog and the dead man beneath its scrambling paws.
“Uh, yeah.”
Her red pumps clacked on the floor (which was a blue resin made to look like calm seawater) as she walked down the exhibit hall. Tony led Morgan forward, and she gradually regained the confidence not to hang onto his leg as they followed.
Steve rolled his eyes and cuffed Bucky over the head in return. “Yeah, yeah.”
Steve scrambled to swim, to climb up and out of the depths, but boots landed on his shoulders, his head, his neck, forcing him back beneath the waves before he could so much as gasp in surprise.
He’d waited until Natasha couldn’t stand to see him standing there any longer. Until he had to give up hope.
The nagging gold-digger with unreasonable expectations that the media loved to tear apart because he was a whole, untouched carcass fit for gorging on.
“In here,” Steve called, sitting up completely.
“I have a proposal for you,” Tony said, turning to face him.
“What?” He heard rustling. “Does she need to go to the hospital? I can be there in ten minutes.”
“It’s just what I wanted. Quiet, plenty to do if I decide to go into town, and a great view all year round,” Steve replied as he handed Jackson his water and Tony his orange juice.
looks at me.”
“They think he’s going to be like me,” Tony said, ruffling Peter’s hair.
“I love you, Pops,” Peter said against his chest, his voice quivering. “And I’m really s-sorry for saying that to you because I didn’t mean it.”
“Hey,” Bucky answered, his voice rough and sleepy.
It was springtime now, and Tony’s wedding was finally here. Finally, all of this waiting would end.
God, people were already starting to treat him like he was fragile. Bucky of all people should have known better.
“Mm, well if it’s a stupid little crush thing, I can’t help,” Rhodey said, leaning back in his chair. “If it’s
There, he had VR of the other Tony’s reality as he walked through the party, talking to guests while Steve gushed beside him.
Tony didn’t like the implication that he wasn’t prepared for “real relationship stuff,” but he knew Rhodey didn’t mean anything by it. Rhodey knew his track record better than Pepper did, probably.
The last thing he wanted was to put Tony and Peter on the spot like that, forcing them to look like they were grieving for all of the cameras. They would curse his name under their breath, for leaving them to come up with some sort of tribute to honor Captain America. To make up stories about a sad man with a dismal, uneventful life since thawing out of the ice. A man who had dragged everyone down who mistakenly came too close. Tony would complain to Jackson about how fucking awful it was to have to be in charge of handling the public’s mourning for his ex.
In reality, he had been shoving, breathing hard, and swearing every time someone knocked into his rifle. His eyes were narrowed, his lips curled to a snarl, and at one point he was jammed in so tight that his feet weren’t touching the ground. He had to get to the front of the pack so they wouldn’t slow him down.
Tony shrugged, his gaze going distant. “We worried about that for awhile. Fought about it, talked about it. But then we decided that we wanted happiness, we wanted love in our marriage, and we wanted a family, and we couldn’t have those things if we made work the priority all the time.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Always ready to get straight to business, Rogers.”
Tony looked out the window again then glanced at his watch. Technically he was supposed to be meeting with some editor about one of his charity functions that Pepper had set up, but like hell was he going to break up this impromptu lunch date.
Tony let go of Steve’s hand. “Because it hurts,” he sighed. “Sometimes I’d just see his name on my phone and be angry because I couldn’t see how we went through everything together and he’d never told me. I’ll never agree with his decision, but I learned that there are more important things to focus on. And I’d relive that moment a million times if it meant he came back.”
still love you,” Steve confessed, his voice breaking just a little. “I’m stuck with that for the rest of my life. I still love you. I still love you and we didn’t even end our marriage in a way that gives me any excuse not to love you. So I just have to—I just have to sit here and—“
Steve shook his head. “I never eat salad with dressing. Makes the leaves too soggy.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Yeah, back when you had a real apartment and a Nespresso.” He looked at his watch. “Gotta run anyway. Things to do.”
A pathetic chuckle left his lips as he lifted his hands that were shaking so hard it looked like he was trying out a dance move.
There wasn’t any youth left in Peter Stark. His whole body looked sapped of it, evidence of a life lived in pure stress.
“Yeah, it was,” Tony whispered. His face was nothing but hard shades of blue, ranging from deep navy to a soft cerulean in the moonlight. “You won’t lose me, Steve.”
The elevator doors closed before Steve could respond, and Tony pressed back against the wall of the elevator, letting out a big breath. Damage control. He definitely couldn’t see Steve at all tomorrow, not now. Dumb move.
“What did I do?” Steve asked quietly, wiping the tears from his face. His momentary weakness was ending, absorbed by the hard foundation he’d spent a year building up for himself when confronted with this pain. “I loved you—I don’t know what I did to make you not want to love me anymore.”
The furniture was different, for starters.
Steve frowned. “How come I’m just now hearing this? Did they say who it was?”
Tony didn’t say anything for a moment. “I love you so much. Ping me and we’ll be gone, Cap. Lickity split.”
“Mr. Stark,” Winona greeted, extending a manicured hand. “Thank you for meeting me.”
“I’m just headed to get some coffee, wanna join? Think you can stomach a cold brew with your ex-husband?” Tony tossed him a wink that made Steve’s stomach drop.
“Duh. He invited her!” Peter laughed.  “Come on, Pops. She practically lives in my apartment anyway. It’s not like we haven’t had sex.” A pause. “Pops?” Another pause. “I’ll text you or something tomorrow, but I don’t think I can do lunch.”
Then, while he still had the courage, he dialed Bucky Barnes.
“Like you mean it, Steve.”
He brought the razor back over his cheeks and jaw, carefully carving away the short beard that had grown there. He wanted to look the way Tony remembered him, the way he remembered himself back in that place.
Tony stood up and grabbed his mug. “Yeah. Forget it. My caffeine just hasn’t kicked in yet. Sorry.”
“I…you know. I just didn’t think it would be right for me to be at the reception,” Steve said with a forced chuckle. “But I saw you and MJ. She looked beautiful, and you were very handsome.”
Soft fur, deep breaths. Soft fur, deep breaths.
Tony scowled at him. “Watch your mouth, Rogers. Thin ice.”
“I know,” Steve huffed. “I just…” He trailed off, looking away.
Tony lowered projected the screen to cover the entirety of his vision and adjusted the volume—this time only to pick up Steve’s voice. He didn’t need Rhodey catching any weird looks on his face while he ran.
“Giant Man?” Ant Man asked over the team comm.
He was going to do something stupid before Steve left again, he knew that much. He just hoped it happened before Stark decided to make a move, or things could get really ugly.
Steve grabbed Peter by the shirt and threw the door open, all but throwing Peter out into the hallway. Peter gave a panicked scream, and Steve snatched the phone before flying out into the hall. He grabbed his son and bolted for the outside door.
“When you were mad you said you’d get a divorce,” Steve said with a tremor in his voice.
That foul, disgusting word. Divorce said that both separated parties were too selfish and too ignorant to face their own problems. It didn’t say that one husband had never been around or ever bothered to think his missing consecutive dinners and soccer games was wrong. It didn’t say that the very thought of trying to fix things was so unfathomable that Steve couldn’t even stand to focus on it for more than a fleeting second.
Bucky’s eyes followed Steve as he left the room and headed behind him to the kitchen.  As soon as Steve was out of sight, Bucky let out a quiet breath, lifting his hands to rub his temples. Steve going away had made all of this worse. Now that he was back, Bucky was going on about goddamn cough syrup.
He remembered his mother’s rosary, he remembered the way it felt to be on his knees beside her, listening to her quiet voice recite prayers when he didn’t know the meaning. She’d gripped hard to her faith, and he’d seen it save her many times. When his father beat her, she had a place to turn. When she was scared of the future, she prayed. When she needed just a few minutes of peace, she prayed.
“So you’re trying to manipulate me into this scheme—am I hearing this right?”
As they hoisted Maria into the craft, Steve didn’t look at the floor where he knew a Stark Industries logo sat waiting for him.
“Not yours to share anymore,” Tony grunted, forcing himself up onto his elbows. He sank his teeth into the join of Steve’s shoulder and neck and sucked hard—a sweet spot that rendered Steve absolutely helpless against all better judgement.
Steve took a thoughtful sip of coffee, pretending to mull it over. To prove to Tony that he wasn’t just going to jump into this just because Tony asked (though he totally was). He didn’t want to be too easy, not after all they had been through.
Then Steve shuffled into the kitchen to where Tony was scarfing down his mac ‘n cheese.
He was fine. Truly. Steve smiled and laughed, he had a good time at parties and went to lunch with his friends. He found value in his life, his career, his community. Happiness didn’t evade him. He was happy. If anyone were to ask him, he could truthfully say he was a happy guy. But that didn’t mean
Tony didn’t say anything right away. “You never asked me why I wanted the divorce.”
“Maybe you should let me explain this one,” Rhodey said evenly, the door to the lab clicking shut behind him.
“Good to see you today, Steve. Have a good Sunday.”
“Hey,” Steve heard Tony say behind him. “He’s my ex-husband. I’m trying to keep up an image here.”
—someone he didn’t really care about at all.
“It’s not,” Steve said, almost begging. “Please, just—”
When he reached his floor, Steve changed into sleeping clothes (he didn’t think it was a coincidence that all of the clothes that had been provided for him fit exactly right) and crawled into bed to read through the day’s news. Though he didn’t plan on staying in this dimension for long, keeping up to date would be helpful if the Avengers ever needed his help on a mission.
The harbor glimmered orange in the light of the rising sun, with ribbons of shredded blue decorating the surface.
All of a sudden the strange man’s face seemed to change before his eyes, though it didn’t change at all. His mind just put all of the parts together and assigned the name he had spoken thousands of times in thousands of variations.
Steve chuckled. “Sometimes I have dreams like that.”
When Steve pulled away he was quiet and still, his glasses still settled neatly on the bridge of his nose.
“Two hours,” Tony repeated slowly.
Blaine immediately turned, heading for a collection of scraggily, leafless bushes nearby. It wasn’t great cover, but it was all they had. Steve followed, his silenced sniper rifle in hand.
He stepped out of the car and instructed the valet that he wouldn’t need keys, that he wouldn’t be able to take any joyrides, and that the car would come to him when he was ready to go. He rounded the side and opened the door for Morgan, her seatbelts slithering back on their own as she hopped into his arms.
Blaine snorted. “And let them know where we’re staying? Let anyone else who might be watching know where we’re staying?”
Steve turned abruptly to look Tony in the face.
Blaine let out a snort. “I’m out of line? Fuck, Rogers, I’m not the one that looks like I walked out of a horror movie. You did this on purpose and I know it, even if you don’t.”
“Thor said he made it non-alcoholic,” Tony cut. He wasn’t going to throw away his sobriety for a goddamn party that meant nothing, and especially not one that Steve was at.
Really, Tony had raised two children.
Soon a chain link fence came into view and Steve grabbed Blaine’s shoulder to stop him.
The floor was beautiful dark hardwood, lacquered and shining in the low, warm light. Windows made up most of the outer walls, and they had been dimmed and hued to create a sunset look. In the far corner was a bar—fashioned after the bars he’d grown up around. All wood bartop, open, welcoming. Leather-cushion barstools sat in a neat row, a contrast to the white, iridescent accent line that ran the length of the bar.
“Hey, Tony—”
“How long?” Steve asked, because he was an idiot and knew he was going to say yes already.
He still smelled like that goddamn addicting cologne.
They shared a tentative laugh, but one that fell off to pain at the edges.
son,” Tony corrected, and his cheeks turned hot as he realized his mistake.
It wasn’t like Steve had that many Christmas cards to send.
But now he sat at his desk and stared at a packet listing out a division of assets, reason for divorce, the names TONY STARK and STEVE ROGERS staring back at him in print. He’d looked through the entire thing about six times over the past few months, and it was a year ago that he’d even mustered the nerve to request them.
Tony brushed off his suit and turned to examine his car for dents. Fucking Bucky. “I’m not bothering him. I’m extending an invitation.”
“Dad, just let him—“
And all Jackson had done was nod in a serious manner and repeat everything as he recorded Steve’s every request.
“No, really. Tell me. What’s up with that?” Tony cocked his head, those expressive brown eyes just begging for an answer.
The comparison to Howard went unsaid, but Tony flinched anyway.
“Apples,” Tony said, turning to look at his new husband. “Stop. It’s our day, yeah? Let Steve go if he wants to go. It’s not your fault he still hasn’t learned how to take a hint.”
Somehow, Tony had done the impossible and raised their child to be a good kid who stayed out of trouble and kept a steady girlfriend and made the right choices in life. Tony had also put up with a whiny, selfish asshole of an ex husband who only thought about himself and how to be the most dramatic to get attention.
I hope my name scorches your lips forever the way it does mine. I hope that peeling, acidic burn travels down your throat and scours your insides until you can’t think or breathe because it hurts too much, and maybe then you’ll have a taste of what the last few decades have been for me.
“A bit much for you, Cap?” Tony tested. Even totally sober, he could get drunken confidence when it concerned Steve Rogers.
“Oooh.” Bucky grinned slyly, but his chest felt strangely tight. “What’s that mean?”
He wanted to tell her never to have children. He wanted to tell her to sign a pre-nup no matter how much she thought she loved Peter Stark.
“You’re sure she’s not you’re long lost kid?” Rhodey said one evening as they sipped mocktails in the living room. Morgan was busy playing with her Iron Man action figures that Uncle Rhodey had introduced pretty damn quick. Tony suspected it was because the paint machine had clearly misfired all over what was supposed to be his face.
Steve’s cheeks turned bright red. “Oh. Sorry.”
Peter was on TV.
“She’s custom,” Bucky explained, snapping open the main body piece and setting it up on the barrel stilts. “HYDRA had her built for me originally, then I had Stark make some modifications.” He lifted the barrel, eyeing through it to make sure there was no blockage or denting.
Peter pulled back and Tony followed immediately, his smile fading to one much smaller.
He was pretty sure he knew where Steve was, but pinning their exact coordinates was a risk Tony didn’t want to expose. He just wanted Steve home, just as much as he never wanted him home.
He told himself that Steve Rogers was no coward. If Steve had any interest at all, Bucky was going to pick up on it, but he hadn’t. The only thing different about Steve when it came to him was that Steve was more physical with him. Touching was almost constant, which was great, but not so great when Bucky realized it was probably because Steve thought he was gonna bolt or die or something.
Steve tried to fit his own timeline over Tony’s, eyes distant as he saw his closeness with Peter taking hits while Tony’s strengthened. Peter had wanted that time in the lab, not time in his “sad little apartment.”
“Hm. Noted.” Steve made no move. He knew better.
Steve gave a little smile. “Yeah, I guess I do.”
It was strange that such an intimate action barely had any effect on him. They had really ended things badly, and Steve could feel that anger gnawing at his ribs even now.
“I hope so,” Tony spat.
“I wish—”
“Steve?” Tony tried.
Tony had no intention of changing anything about their state of being. Tony only wanted to go on a mission together. A stupid mission that was hardly worthy of the two leaders of the Avengers to tackle jointly. Not to mention it didn’t seem to have much of a chance of being successful if Special Forces hadn’t been able to take what they needed after two weeks of trying.
Peter had glassy eyes, he was upset, but he was like Tony. When he felt like he had gone too far, he compensated by making
“Hey, Petey,” Steve greeted, his voice muffled by Peter’s shoulder. “How were finals?”
Well, at least they weren’t going to pretend to like each other. Tony had to commend the guy for his blunt honestly. “Yeah, well, I can’t reach Steve.”
He sighed. “I get it. Okay, where am I sitting? Shouldn’t I put my gift somewhere first?”
“I guess so,” Steve chuckled. “So. How can I help?”
Vison’s brow furrowed when Wanda laughed at that, and she shook her head. She reached over to the side table to pour herself another glass of wine. Her third, if he was remembering correctly. And he always remembered correctly.
Cum soaked the sheets beneath him, but Tony was far too high to care as he moved his head between Steve’s legs and started sucking his cock dry (despite his complaints about his jaw hurting earlier). Steve was too drunk with bliss to notice that he started fucking into Tony’s mouth, but he did notice that Tony was eager to take him.
Everyone pretended not to notice the way his bottle shook.
“The phone, sir,” JARVIS said. “It’s Peter.”
“Or you’ve dumped me,” Steve replied with a grin, taking Tony’s hand and pulling himself up. He paused for a moment, squinting a little. “You’re taller than him. Just a little bit.”
Steve’s lips pressed into a hard line. “He’s my son.”
Steve kept his eyes down.
Tony.
“Your window is closing up, right here, right now. Once I marry Jackson, if you say you want me back, I’m—I’m gonna turn you away. I will. Because it’s not fair that he loves me so much and I’m stuck on you.”
“I sent it to him,” Jackson said, sliding between Steve and Tony. “I didn’t think it was right not to—“
“Good. Families get torn apart by men like you.”
Steve rubbed his face and grabbed a washcloth to wipe off the residual moisture. He tossed it onto the counter and crossed his arms. “I didn’t know, Peter.”
“I’m not,” Steve clarified.
The first exhibit showed off their first project: the forest. Crude drawings of trees, deer, and other forest animals were all framed on the walls. The frames were made up of branches, some with overhanging leaves to give guests a canopy for viewing.
“You shut your goddamn mouth,” Tony spat in a voice Steve hadn’t heard since Tony had slandered him in the courtroom.  Then in a voice turned softer, “Steve, just talk to me. Please talk to me.”
“Gonna have to be more specific there, Johnny Bravo,” Tony said.
Peter sighed. “Really? Huh.” Peter worked his jaw for a moment before speaking again. “I love Steve, he’s my dad, but he’s so…I don’t know. He’s absorbed in this fictional world he’s built for himself, I think—Sorry, I know that sounds bad.”
The guy had just shot a spitball at him, after all.
“Omaha Beach,” a private sighed. “Sounds like somethin’ you’d put on a postcard, huh?”
His arms churned, hands flailing for earth, but there was only fire, ash, scorching heat.
As neat as it was to see such helpful technology (honestly, Steve was beyond impressed by it all), he didn’t trust it. The Reality Stone was out there, and that meant that anything here could be an illusion, something to lull him into a false sense of security while the real world around him was destroyed.
And being a single father didn’t involve as much alone time as he’d anticipated. Pepper was a constant presence in the house, though Tony was pretty sure that was because she was concerned about him getting lost in work and forgetting he had a little person to feed.
Rhodey lifted his hands in surrender. “I know—I’m sorry. We sent him back, convinced him he was dreaming. Tony fessed up to experimenting and I demanded he put a stop to it. It wasn’t…” He trailed off, wringing his hands in his lap. “I’ve never seen him so lost. We tried to get him into therapy, into counseling, but he was obsessed with this idea of finding Steve. And…I mean, I can’t explain the process or it doesn’t work. You can’t—Spoiling it affects the outcome, so to speak.”
“You guys are right up here,” Steve said, heading up the worn wooden stairs toward one of his guest bedrooms.  The room was cozy, but it was the only other room besides the master that had a double bed. Steve had bought it for when Peter got married, but…well, he supposed this worked too. He set Tony’s duffel on the bed. “Right in here.”
Tony grinned. “You wanna shower again? We can do that. And you know you don’t have to change the sheets. You just do that because you’re a good soldier, darling.”
“That’s the thing,” Tony said, drumming his fingers on the table. “Six months. Maybe a year.”
“I am,” Steve said with a nod.
Tony waved, but didn’t look up from his Starkpad. “Have a seat, Rogers. Anywhere you like.”
“Um.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Vocal recog—”
Peter didn’t visit anymore.
But he didn’t.
“That’s like a whole foot!” Peter exclaimed, kicking his feet. He hit Steve’s calf a few times, and he was thankful he’d finished shaving before the company.
Steve put on a cracked smile that he knew Peter couldn’t even see. “Like I’d ever hang up on my little Petey.”
Tony would not forgive him.
Three plates of mac ‘n cheese sat cold on the dinner table, the fake cheddar crusted to the ceramic. One was still filled with noodles; the other two were scraped clean. Well, Peter’s was about as clean as a four year-old’s could get.
“Dad, your spot is up here,” Peter said.
He’d lost the desire to sugarcoat anything when it came to Tony Stark. He’d tried that before, and it had landed him here.
Tony laughed, and the sound made Steve’s stomach twist. He hadn’t been trying to make a joke there. It was oddly fitting though—some kind of metaphor for what their relationship had become. If this could really be called any kind of relationship.
“Are you okay, Steve?” Bucky asked. “Want me to fly out there?”
Tony made a small noise, and Steve’s gaze turned to him to make sure he wasn’t waking up. Tony had taken a serious hit when they crashed, and he hadn’t been wearing the suit. Friday had made sure to inform him that Tony was going to be fine, but that he needed rest and hydration.
You missed our kid growing up. You were supposed to be there for that. You were supposed to be with me.
It took maybe a half a second too long for someone with his IQ to realize who Clint was referring to.
Steve’s lip curled into a sneer. “You risked the lives—“
Oh fuck.
“Ow.”
There was movement, and Steve closed his eyes until he could feel cool liquid running into his vein.
“Daddy’s gonna be here in five minutes,” Steve told Peter, trying to settle the excitement building within him. He set his duffel by the door and stacked Peter’s on top of it, collecting his son in his arms. Peter liked to feel tall when he held the shield.
Sam cocked a brow. “Well, I do. Sam Wilson. I’m pretty cool too.”
Steve gritted his teeth. “That’s my personal life. Personal problems. Not something you—augh!”
“Very funny,” Steve muttered, smiling.
“Thought you might be in here.”
Tony turned back. “Yeah?”
Bucky appeared above him, his brows pinned and his chest heaving. He reached down with his metal hand.
“Want me to heat it up for you, at least?” Steve asked quietly, leaning against the doorframe.
Steve shook his head, taking a step back. “I need to talk to Tony. The real Tony. I’m not fucking around—where is he?”
Tony grinned, making his way over with an uneven gait. He didn’t so much as kiss Steve when he walked by. No, that was reserved for someone else now, Steve suspected.
“Stay quiet,” he growled. “You make noise, you get us killed.”
He wanted to go home.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’ve always been like that, Steve. You have some sort of deluded sense of duty about everything.”
Steve, Thor, and Vision might be alive to see the money run out. Two of them would be fine on their own, one would probably pick up shifts at the local supermarket before he ever tried to take a penny from a taxpayer.
“Buck,” Steve groaned, rolling his eyes. “I’ll be fine. I just wanna catch up with you and Sam tonight. It’ll help me.”
Steve turned his head to glare at him. “And what if it is true, Bucky? Peter hates me. He said it himself. And he called me manipulative and a poison and mopey. And then—then he tells me all of this stuff about Tony that I didn’t know but I should have known and about how horrible it was for him and I—“ He sucked in a little breath, sitting up. “He’s
Something flickered in Franklin’s eyes before he dropped his hand. “Thanks for making sure she’s safe.”
“Thor, I really shouldn’t.”
“What the hell happened between you two?” Tony asked, pulling up a few screens to try to trace the call. He wanted to know where Steve was.
“I’ve been that kid,” Steve continued. “My ma tried to date a few times after my dad was gone. I think mostly to have some more money coming in. I hated all of them, even the nice ones. Didn’t matter how they treated me or my ma, I just didn’t like ‘em. And since I wasn’t there when Morgan came home, I couldn’t just stay in your life, Tony, not the way I had been.”
“Even now, I feel him fighting me.”
A soft knock came to his bedroom door.
“Yeah. Tell the family I said hi.”
Tony chuckled at the question, but it was pained. “I think so, yeah. This—” He gesticulated, trying to find the words, “—experience has been a lot for me. But a good thing, I think. I was in a bad place before you came here, and this has…cleared things up.”
that I am!”
“Well,” Steve croaked, “I’m sorry. For what I did to you and Tony. But I just want you to know that I still love you more than anything and I always will.” He swallowed hard. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Uh.” Steve looked around, as though the gas fireplace would offer up some kind of answer in the flames. “I’m willing to do whatever you want to do.”
Steve had even offered to pay for a flight for a week during winter break.
Steve sighed, and headed outside into the cool night air. Right past Tony and back to the beach to retrieve his blanket. Tony ought to at least stay warm.
He looked up just to make sure it was Blaine. Without the sound of boots and the clacking of equipment, someone could easily just be trying to fool him.
“Come on,” Steve hummed, leaning against the doorframe.
“I feel that too,” he replied. “But it is so much easier than before, and we have to remember that.”
Steve tore his eyes away from the snail, leveling them on Tony.
Sam’s voice went gentle, like it always did when he went into therapy mode. “It’s okay. I get it, man. No hugs is just as fine as lots of hugs.”
His phone.
“Hey, I show up out of the blue.”
Nobody knew how old Blaine really was. His hair was a soft reddish brown, but in the light it appeared blonde most of the time. Steve referred to it as a brassy color because that was about as close as he could get to naming it—and as an artist, he knew colors pretty damn well.
Peter was engaged to Mary Jane. Long enough that there were engagement pictures, but not long enough for the media to have known about it officially. Maybe one of those phone calls had been to tell him the news. Maybe Peter had been trying to reach him to ask him how he should propose, what to say and do and where to go.
his ex-husband’s wedding. The ceremony was over.
Steve inhaled and exhaled, slow and steady.
Steve had to wonder now if people found him attractive or unnerving. He was never sure anymore.
“Sorry—“
Steve’s frown deepened. “What?”
He was screaming, the pain radiating from all parts of his body. His head swung wildly, his chest collapsing as he endured the full effects of his injuries.
His therapist said he shouldn’t be angry at Tony for moving on. Tony didn’t owe him anything, no matter what he had said in the past. Even if he’d said he loved him.
He couldn’t catch sight of Tony or Peter, so Steve resigned himself to reading news articles on his phone. Nobody wanted to talk to him here, and evidently he wasn’t allowed to talk to Tony or Jackson yet.
Tony worried the inside of his cheek, debating. He supposed he could always ask Steve later.
“Yeah, that’s a good idea,” Tony muttered, grabbing up his own glass and taking a long drink.
But Tony knew. He knew Steve in balance. All of the goodness and light, but also the ocean of blood spilled, the laws skirted, the orders disobeyed by an Army Captain. Steve had killed a lot of people in violent ways.  That kind of thing stained even the cleanest hands.
“Why wouldn’t I think it’s genuine? It’s Steve. I don’t think it’s possible for him to fake something like that,” Tony said, trying not to think about the fact that
That wasn’t as comforting as it should have been.
Oh god. He’d ruined his relationship with his son. Peter was going to leave him.
Gravel took a nasty bite of his cheek as he slammed into the ground and rolled, skinning his arms, hands and chest. Not anything that wouldn’t heal in an hour, but painful nonetheless.
“Release the hostage!” Steve screamed. “Drop your weapon or I swear to fucking God I’ll rip you in half!”
Steve could feel his pulse thudding against Blaine’s fingers and the breath bouncing off of his arm.
Bucky snorted. “Don’t talk to Tony. If he really wants to make things right, he’ll call ya.”
With a sip of wine and a simultaneous motion for the DJ to hand him the mic, Tony was soon standing right on the stage, right where he knew he should be. Where he belonged.
“You’re not okay, Steve,” Bucky snapped. “That’s pretty fuckin’ obvious.”
For a moment he wondered what had come to Tony’s mind first, but he decided not to entertain it. That kind of thing only made all of this harder. “That” being the fact that he was stuck still caring for a man who cared for him only just enough. Just enough to bring him into this false world where he could have Tony again, but only for now. Like sand through his fingers, he was going to be gone again soon.
Steve looked away, fighting the hurt. They hadn’t even started this and Steve already felt used. Tricked. Tony had none of the softness or desperation he’d had before.
And now they would finally be seeing each other again. Not without sacrifice, but Steve had decided months ago that if signing the Accords meant his family got to be together again, it was worth it. Steve was one of the few holdouts anyway. Reuniting the remaining superheroes was the best way to end the fighting.
Real Depression shit right there. After eighty years you’d think a guy would give it a rest, especially when he was surrounded by opulence.
Tony gave him a disbelieving look. “You let them take your blood?”
Steve cracked a grin, tears welling in his eyes as he ran across the room, scooping Tony up in his arms.
“Oh, don’t sound so disappointed. Usually I wake up and you’ve already left hours ago to go on your morning marathon.”
“Love you,” Steve slurred.
It took a moment, but then Steve saw why they were stopped.
He briefly wondered if Emory was going to be like him. Never aging, doomed to live in a world that would change all around him, too fast to adapt to. Every new person in his life would only have a hundred years or less before they were in the ground.
Rhodey didn’t look convinced. “If you say so, Tony.”
“My favorite time of year was always the second week of July,” Steve began slowly. “All year I waited for the day when we headed to the lake and we got to spend time together as a family. I know most of your life I was in the hotel downtown while you and Tony were in the house, but I still remember how happy you were to spend every day there exploring.” He smiled genuinely then, and his eyebrows ticked up a little almost like he was going to start sobbing.
“Nice,” Blaine praised with a sly grin. “You fell for that one last time.”
Everyone was staring at him. Peter was
Then he heard the distant sound of barking.
Against his better judgment, Steve nodded once.  He stayed behind as Franklin and Maria walked together through the atrium, his hand lingering near the pistol on his hip just in case this was some kind of trap. He didn’t like Franklin one bit.
“Dad.”
Sometimes he wondered what it would have been like if he weren’t a billionaire. Maybe he still could have become Iron Man, but even he knew his role as the man in a can was becoming less and less relevant as his fine lines turned to wrinkles and his hair was less salt and pepper and more…Gandalf the Grey. His years as an Avenger were numbered, but his role as the financial and physical support for the team would continue long after his death.
No, they would go to Tony and Jackson. Much closer.
“Well maybe I don’t want to see you!” Peter shouted.
“My dad hit my mom, Pete. And I saw it,” he whispered, as though his father might come storming in with slurs in his mouth and a bottle in one hand, a belt in the other.  “We didn’t have a big house like you and I do. My daddy drank a lot of that grown-up medicine, like Daddy does, and that made him extra mean.”
“Go, go!” Blaine shouted.
A tinny
Mary Jane smiled up at him, and Steve remembered the little girl he had seen at Peter’s first science fair, her bright smile and round freckled cheeks.
Nikolai wagged his tail in the darkness, shooing away a few lazy fireflies that had ventured too close.
“When we come back, and interview with Iron Man about his son’s achievements in global energy technologies,” a narrator said over a muted shot of Tony explaining something.
“This city sure is ugly,” Tony muttered.
Steve didn’t take the phone, he just stared at the photo.
(See the end of the chapter for
The hug didn’t last long before Sam was stepping back and asking Blaine where the hell he could get a beer.
“I was getting information! I had a gun on me. I would have been just fine if you hadn’t—“
As Steve returned a witty reply of his own, the eyelash from Tony’s cheek settled on his shoulder. Once Steve’s head turned to look out the window, it wiggled before imperceptibly slithering through the threads of Tony’s sweater. Elsewhere, various tiny tufts of lint that Tony had been picking at earlier began to reassemble themselves, aligning on Tony’s shoulder and collar as he spoke to Happy about guests.
Steve faltered. He regretted the way Tony had come to find out about his parents’ deaths, but he still didn’t regret allowing him those years of peaceful ignorance. Telling Tony would have destroyed so much in him…but of course, it ended up destroying those parts anyway.
“What’d Peter say?”
Tears pricked at Steve’s eyes so quickly that he was pretty sure they had been there all along.
“Vacation in the Smokies,” Tony murmured as he leaned over to place the photo on the bedside table. “We took a month off every year when we first got married. Until Peter came along.”
“Jesus, Bucky,” Steve groaned. “Just forget it, okay? I’m done talking about it. I’m going to the wedding an then ‘m going home.”
Steve’s hands came to his face this time, holding him in place, grounding him. “I do love you. That’s why I did all of this, Tony. So I could have you back the right way.”
Steve nodded. “One more go.”
Tony was getting married. To Jackson. Peter was going to have a stepfather almost as wealthy as Tony, with a humble heart and kind spirit unmarred by war like Steve’s.
Still pretending.
Steve set his duffel by the door and crept into the living room, eye on the bedroom door. Maybe Tony wasn’t at home, but someone else could be. That would be quite the dramatic way to give Steve the message, and Tony did like his share of drama.
“You won’t take any shit from him, and your overwhelming kindness even makes me want to be a better person. You know it’s serious when I feel like doing good.”
“Sorry.” He forced his eyes open and tried aiming down his sights again. He couldn’t make out any of the shapes, but he shot anyway to provide covering fire. They couldn’t possibly have much ammo left.
Tony crossed his arms. “Well you could still text me. Call me sometimes, just so I wasn’t sitting there thinking you didn’t love me anymore.”
“Stop that,” Tony snapped. Jackson cocked a brow. “Stop acting like you don’t belong here. Your Peter’s father, you’re going to his wedding. You can give him the ring yourself.”
Steve didn’t know what had changed in Tony, but it was welcome. The defensive insults had faded, replaced by hesitant kindness. Tony still didn’t completely trust him, but Steve got the feeling that it was only his pride getting in the way of that. Steve was playing his part without flaw. He had no chinks in his armor, nothing by way of media that could throw him under the bus. Everyone seemed to have stopped looking anyway. They were the couple they always had been.
“In that case, I think we have to go, don’t we?”
He tried and failed to crack a smile. To joke it off. “Um, yeah. I, uh—Blaine says it takes a little while to get adjusted.” Bucky knew that. Bucky knew all too well. “This is just…It’s different.”
Tony was at least sober enough to type without any misspellings, so that was something. Maybe there was a chance they could have a real conversation, a rarity now.
“Afternoon, Cap.” A hologram of Iron Man popped up on the screen. He looked to be flying somewhere.
Steve chuckled and accepted the bottle.
His hands moved to Steve’s hips, wary and unsure. He shook his head, though he let his lips brush the base of Steve’s palm.
“Tony, great to meet you,” the woman said with a bright smile. “I’m Mrs. Freeman. I taught this session and had a lovely time working with Miss Morgan here.”
Especially since last night had culminated in a particularly nasty argument between him and Tony.
Blaine shook his head. “Pearson found you with both your arms wrapped up in razor wire. Like you were trying to pull it down with your bare hands. That means something is seriously wrong here.”
“Can’t see, I have to come back around,” Cueball answered.
Bucky opened his mouth to answer, but then Blaine and Sam appeared, drinks and baskets of appetizers in hand.
A woman stood at a computer and turned to look at them. Steve locked eyes with her for a moment, noticed the pistol on her hip, and shot her on sight. Blaine fired beside him and took out another man in the room and then they were running for the computers.
Steve’s heart was pulp in his chest. “Oh, Peter,” he said quietly, wishing he was down a floor so he could give his son a hug. “I’m okay, Petey. Everything is okay. I just want what’s best for you, I’m not sad. I don’t want you to leave, but it’s not the same.”
Out of anyone, who the fuck would have thought Steve Rogers would be the one to be handed the papers? Who would have thought it was Steve who wasn’t good enough to deserve a marriage?
Tony let out a snort, but it wasn’t necessarily teasing. “You live in a shithole, by the way.”
“I can’t,” he gasped, his voice wet. “ I ca—“
At least, that was how Steve remembered it, but he hadn’t really been paying attention on that Saturday. Maybe it was actually rainy and miserable, but he couldn’t say for sure. He had been in too many countries too many times during that week.
No love meant Steve was stagnant.
There was deep pain in Bucky’s chuckle. “Some days, yeah. Just because you’re an asshole.”
He squeezed his eyes shut and clawed at his temples, fighting the growing urge to throw up yet another time.
Tony loved him, and Steve loved Tony. That was the way it had been before, and that was the way it was now. It was a different love now, but it was still the same in foundation.
“Important day at work?” Steve greeted maybe too loudly.
Steve turned his head again, looking back. “You did.”
Tony shrugged. “Great. As long as Steve is up for it, I don’t have a problem.”
“First he just leavess for the summer, then he leaves forever. He always liked you best. He always did. You were special. You’re his father and I’m the genetic—“ Steve’s windpipe crushed with a sob. “I wanted him to be like me so I could feel like I mattered. That’s all I wanted,” he croaked. “That’s all I wanted. It’s all I ever wanted.”
Steve finally looked away from the bedroom and followed Tony into the elevator. Their close friends already knew about the engagement, but it was still exciting to announce it to the world. And seeing Tony so ready was as comforting as it was encouraging. The past few years had done wonders for their relationship.
They entered the mess hall, full of soldiers chowing down on the base-grown, genetically engineered superfoods that kept them all in prime condition. Military dining had come a long way from MREs and cans of SPAM.
“You’re sure this isn’t bad?” Steve breathed.
“Override,” Tony commanded. “Master of the house.”
“There’s nothing to discuss,” Peter snapped.
Steve cocked his head a little. “You’re the most important, though. You’re the reason I’m here.”
“Love you more,” Tony replied sleepily.
“I think so,” Steve said with a nod. He held up his hand, showing off the vibranium band, a single line of red titanium alloy running around the center. “Are you?”
Steve watched as the rest of the team swooped in and started cleaning up monster parts off the street. Hulk started studying, and Steve could tell Iron man wanted to be down there studying with him.
Tony’s face was burning.
That, and his body was starting to feel strange. He began to lose feeling in the arm where the new blood was coming in, and the numbness started to travel his body. When he tried to test the restraints again, only some of his body worked.
Steve blinked, trying not to assume he was the reasoning behind that statement. It was all too easy to daydream about the things Tony said, forcing more meaning to them than they actually had.
Steve stood at the sink, gently running the razor over the line of his neck, butterflies in his stomach. He didn’t think he’d been this excited about anything since—God, he didn’t know. But it probably had something to do with Tony then, too.
“And that right there! What the hell, Steve! Did something, I dunno, happen to you?”
Tony swallowed. “It’s true. And this time, we’re sending you an invitation. I’ll know about it this time, even.”
He sputtered, his mouth filling with wet, coppery sand and more ocean water. And all he could think about was a goddamn pamphlet page.
But he knew he wouldn’t be learning that secret. That much was obvious.
Steve didn’t even look at him.
“My lawyer friend? Yeah. She’s not my friend.”
“Illegal? Totally.” Blaine smirked, pulling the needle from Steve’s skin. “But not addictive. It was designed for us, actually. For extended undercover ops.”
“Tony.”
“And, um,” his voice started to shake. “I’ve watched you grow up and…and I’m so proud of you, Peter. You’ve found yourself and you’ve done everything you set out to do in life and I’m so, so proud of you.”
All four dogs immediately ran for the porch to sit in front of the steps, watching the new arrivals with tongues lolling out of their mouths.
“I wish you’d stay sober more,” Steve replied curtly, taking the bottle of shampoo to start on his own hair.
“I can’t contact him right now even if I wanted to,” Tony said indignantly.
Steve actively refused to accept it. He would tell himself he had made the right decision until his brain blew apart or until Bucky finally did him the favor of slitting his throat in his sleep. He would continue living in his fictional world until someone slammed the book shut and burned the pages.
Occasionally someone from the fresh meat would sit there without knowing, but after losing their plate of food to an operator and getting into a conversation with five men who weren’t really all that friendly to strangers, they learned their lesson.
“What’s going on?” Steve asked, not yet looking up from the terms of his divorce.
Not-Tony shook his head. “Doesn’t work like that, Steve. My house, my rules. You have to sleep. I’ll even give you the penthouse to yourself.”
“We’ll be back tomorrow, and anything that can’t wait until then Happy can bring.”
“What kind of bad?” he asked carefully, dropping his wrench in exchange for a screwdriver.
“Did he get upset?” Peter almost asked the question as a demand.
Tony blinked, mouth falling slightly open before he quickly recomposed. “Right, well. It’s about the whole…waking up in your bed thing.”
Steve turned, wrapping his arms around the metal as best he could to get Tony comfortable. He pressed a kiss to Tony’s temple and closed his eyes.
Steve glanced around, leaning closer. “Are you sure everything is okay?”
“I was wondering where you went,” Jackson said with a laugh, crossing the yard to grab his coffee. He didn’t even glance at Steve like any other reasonable boyfriend would do if their boyfriend’s ex husband just emerged from a sports car with tears in his eyes.
He quickened his pace when the crowd started cheering again for Steve, and made it to the DJ’s booth even as adoring guests reached and held out phones for selfies. Steve had never been good at ignoring fans, and a quick glance behind him showed that he had stopped short of entering the dance floor, but he was looking over the guests with a frown, clearly watching Tony.
“You seem thrilled.”
“Weekends,” Steve said almost desperately, looking up form Peter’s paper. His son wouldn’t meet his eye. “What about weekends?”
“Yes?” he answered, washing off his blade before going back in to finish his cheek.
“Your arms chewed all to hell, Steve,” Blaine snarled.
. He was supposed to know her.
It wasn’t a surprise. Steve had known the first time Tony called him to say that the tabloids were right, that he and Jackson Slade were together.
And that he was. Jackson Slade was in the same tax bracket as Tony, with a collection of companies that apparently rivaled the success of Stark Industries. But Steve wouldn’t have guessed it by looking at him—Jackson, despite his fancy tastes, was about the most humble person Steve had ever met. It was impossible to hate him.
hands and he quickly released his grip.
He didn’t even want to see Bucky or Sam. They made him feel heavy, though he didn’t know why. Like his blood was the consistency of sludge in his veins, like he was being forced back into a world he had fought so hard to get away from. Sam had moved on long ago, Steve had forced him to. Not returning his calls, not telling him he’d moved to Maine, not being able to find the same connection they had shared before. It wasn’t fair to Sam or Bucky, but Steve just didn’t know how to be around them anymore.
“I’ll see you next week,” he said, so she didn’t have to. Another pasted-on smile as he stood.
“Oh, Tony, I—”
Tony was there, screaming. No words, just screaming.
The guys laughed and Steve cracked a little smile as he scanned over Peter’s face. He was so much older. The last time they had seen each other was almost four years ago—he had grown into his lanky body. His hair still needed a comb, but Steve knew that was just the style now.
revolve around you. Whether Peter truly wants you there or not doesn’t matter. You go to your kid’s wedding.”
Steve swallowed hard.
Steve knelt down and scooped up a writhing, excited bundle of four-year-old. “Peter says hi. He can’t wait to see you.”
“Don’t be,” Steve said, shaking his head. “I barged in. Do what you need to do to be comfortable. I’ll wait in here.”
The weight in his chest churned, almost making him nauseous. Steve closed his eyes, trying to make the quiet and calm work in some way. Maybe this would be the time he cracked that parasite behind his sternum and alleviated just a fraction of the pressure.
“We could find out,” Kissum said. “Huh, boy? Want some?”
Morgan his her face in his pant leg, almost knocking off her sunhat.
Steve put on a cracked smile. He turned his gaze to Peter first. “I’m just fine, Peter. If you want to live at your dad’s, let’s do it.” He gave a nonchalant shrug. “I agree that it’s what’s best for this internship and for you and your friends to be close, so let’s not make it a big deal, yeah?” He paused, but spoke again before anyone could interrupt. “This is already too much of a big deal—it’s my fault, I know. I’m just a little upset about losing you, Pete, but I’ll get over it. It’s important for you to be able to take advantage of all of these opportunities.”
“Mm, sure,” Tony replied, looking over the menu. “But add a pump of caramel. I’m feeling rebellious.”
“No—“ Tony started.
Now Steve really didn’t know what to say. He just stood there, searching for an answer.
He could feel a question boiling in his gut and tickling the back of his tongue.
“Stop it,” Tony grit, but he didn’t shake Steve off.
His shoulders pinched and he vomited without really noticing. Then he was sucking down gulps of salty air that clawed down the back of his throat all the way into his lungs. His hands shook uncontrollably and his heart rate was higher than it had been in years—even faster than the wild beat pulsing from the nightclub just a few buildings over.
People were staring.
Tones. Steve slipped away before he could hear more.
He pulled the trigger.
“Okay, what’s up with you?” Rhodey asked. “You get pessimistic when something’s bothering you.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “I thought we agreed on a private wedding?”
Now that was intriguing. “How do you take the poison out of poison, Turtle?”
He nodded a few times, pretending to think about that answer. “Hm. Sounds like we have to go then.”
He realized then how desperate he had been, how utterly stupid he had looked scribbling on that napkin while Ben had been trying to get the hell away from him.  That grimace should have been a warning to fucking drop it.
