"Peachy," he says, and the brunet gives him a thumbs up before putting his head on the pillow, right next to Steve.
There’s a moment of silence, with only the low humming of the elevator as it climbs floor by floor to their penthouse, and then–
“Too late for that, Stark. Might as well go all out, and maybe if we’re all lucky you can join ‘em–”
“And there was no fucking way she’d enjoy that as much as she’d enjoy this,” he jerks his head in the direction of all the noise and the commotion, and sure enough, when Steve’s eyes find his baby’s, he smiles at the pure, unadulterated happiness he sees there.
the best plan, but I…” Tony looks up at the ceiling, and swallows to keep his voice steady. “I hate that we had to do this. I hate that I had to be the one to hold you. I hate… I fucking hate that I’m gonna have nightmares about this-–”
“So yeah, I, uh, might need some help every once in a while, if you’re up for it-- not that it has to be you, I can... I can talk to Rhodey if you want, or, or Barton, they’d probably hit it off--”
“I sure hope not, Captain,” Tony puts his plate down, and leans over the desk to kiss Steve’s cheek. “‘Cause I’m kinda getting used to having you around.”
He sees Natasha first, perched on the group table and whispering to Barton, who’s leaning back on a chair next to her. Sam and Barnes are arm wrestling, and their quiet grunts are just loud enough to break the silence around them. And right in the middle of the group, is Steve, smiling softly as he brushes a pencil against the notebook in front of him. Just the sight of him makes Tony’s heart skip a beat, and he lets out a sigh before he can smother it.
“I need to tell you something, Shellhead. Can’t hear it if you don’t wake up, though. I need you to wake up. Come on... Wake up, sweetheart.”
Tony lifts a hand from Steve’s back and flips him off, and it’s not long before everyone’s attention is on the screen.
Tony’s laughter feels like sunshine on his skin. “And I think,” he presses a kiss against Steve’s jaw. “If anyone can talk me into doing something, it’s the only person more fucking stubborn than me.”
“I know,” Steve says, all earnest blue eyes and honest smile. “Now come help me in there, ‘cause I can’t do this without you.”
“I not sleepy, Daddy,” their daughter repeats, but she yawns again and rubs her eyes a second later.
The words send happiness rushing through Tony’s body, and he honestly wonders if he’s ever been more breathless. “Why?” is all he can say.
It happens when Tony comes home one night from a successful shareholder’s meeting-- and he uses the word ‘successful’ loosely here, because Pepper might chew him out for working on his schematics during business hours, but any meeting where he doesn’t have to talk is a good one in his books. He’s in such a good mood the he pours himself a scotch and settles into his couch for a productive night of doing nothing, that he doesn’t realize he can neither see nor hear-- nor smell-- his cat, until it’s hours into the evening without any of the usual ruckus and interruption.
. ‘For science!’ is not an acceptable incentive. And if anything, I'd be Ms. Frizzle, because you may have the brains, but you'd make a horrible ginger.”
“Right… shut down the sandbox,” he says, and pulls out the rest of the pizza from the fridge. “I’m goin’ in.”
“Yep,” Clint pops the ‘p’, and gets up from his stool. “Gotta go round up the gang, meet us in the living room in five. We’re all getting a blast from the past– Tiny Tony is gonna be gold.”
“I regret calling you up here,” Natasha mutters, rolling her eyes as Clint grins at her over the scandalized faces of their pint-sized team leaders.
“You can open your eyes now, Rogers,” she smirks, and Tony feels his breath catch when Steve’s body tenses slightly. Ever so slowly, he brings his eyes up until they meet bright baby blue ones.
Steve frowns. “I figured you could use some peace and quiet. Sorry,” he adds, “is that not... Are you uncomfortable with--”
“Jesus Christ,” Rhodey groans, and throws a cushion Tony’s way. “I swear I’ll walk out if you keep talking.”
This... this is something else. It’s almost too much, to see this obvious display of trust and affection, and something else that feels so much more intimate than she was aware of. It’s one thing to hear Tony talk about his friendship with Steve-- which he's gotten around to doing a lot more of, for months now-- but it’s another thing to see it. She wonders if this closeness is new, or if she’s been missing it all this time.
Steve nods, and then winces when he looks down at his greasy hands. “Oh, sorry, I’ve– your hand’s all… sorry,” he lets go of Tony’s wrist, and fumbles with the handful of porcelain and now inedible bacon as he stands back up too. His eyes keep moving to and from Tony’s glasses, pale pink blush blooming gorgeously on his cheeks, and god, he’s the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen.
” There’s the sound of a scrambling hands, and then a dark lock of hair comes into view, followed by the rest of his mother’s face as she turns the camera to her, and Tony can’t hold back the low, pathetic noise he makes from the back of this throat.
The sound of it still makes Tony dizzy with disbelief, so he ends up just fiddling with his hands. For all that today’s been one of the best he’s ever had-- it’s certainly not his first time at Coney, but somehow, all the games and the food and the sheer atmosphere of the place have felt indescribably different-- he’s suddenly more nervous than he can ever remember being.
Steve feels dizzy from relief, from the sheer amount of love he feels for this man, and can’t help the kiss he presses to Tony’s soft, tousled hair, only managing a strangled “good”.
Tony all but throws himself on him, waving a large sheet of paper in his face as he slumps into the couch with a groan.
“He’s okay,” Natasha replies. “Almost knocked Rhodey out when they wouldn’t let him come see you, though.”
“A couple of years back, yeah,” Tony replies, not bothering to look up from the cut on his arm that he’s bandaging. “Thought you knew that by now.”
“I’m having fun. Lots of fun, tons of fun,” Tony’s eyes are gleaming as they meet Steve’s. “You’re a hoot, Rogers.”
Tony shakes his head, every nerve of his body positively bursting with love. “Feels like I am,” he admits. “Pinch me?”
Steve carefully turns him over until they’re face to face, their intertwined hands cradled between them. “I wanted you to have a nice time.”
He remembers eavesdropping on his father when he was a child, hearing his whispered conversations with men Tony never met; conversations about Hydra and the Howling Commandoes, and the wars that almost tore the city apart decades ago. Even now, he still doesn’t like to think about why or how dear old dad might have been involved, but it’s because of him that Tony knows anything about everything.
“S-Steve,” he gasps, scrambling over– limbs moving more quickly than they should be able to, with all that cold, hard armor– until he’s sitting next to the blond. “Steve, hey, wake up.”
“Yeah, okay, look, if you’re just going to stand there all,” he waves his hand around vaguely, “scary hot, I’m gonna have to take a rain check. I have things to do, and like I said, I’m not looking forward to Pep tearing me a new one. I was having such a good day—”
“I-- I know we talked about it,” Tony continues, “but I’m... this isn’t--” he turns his head to press his cheek against Steve’s pectoral. “We’re not moving just ‘round the corner, Rogers.”
“I can go talk to ‘em. If you want?” Steve offers, eyes a steely, determined blue that’s completely at odds with the way one cheek bulges out adorably around an entire slider, and Tony feels a now-familiar rush of warmth bloom in his chest. “It’s not right for ‘em to be houndin’ you all the time-- not at your Ma’s gala. And especially not during the holidays.”
If he’s lucky, Mr. Rogers will even wave and smile in the middle of Tony’s lecture, blushing when Tony winks in return.
“Okay, now I’m genuinely nervous,” Tony says. Tucked comfortably under his chin, Nat sends Steve a happy little grin.
“Don’t apologize, honey bunny. Now tuck those gorgeous arms back under the covers and go the fuck to sleep, okay?”
The bedroom is utterly silent, and dimly lit from the early morning light peeking in through the curtains. Tony takes a couple of minutes to indulge in it-- it’s not surprising that they don’t get very many moments like this-- before slowly lifting his head to indulge in a far more gorgeous sight.
So the doubts start coming; Steve tries to remember if he did something wrong, if he stopped paying attention to Tony or stopped reminding him that Steve loves him more than he’s ever loved anyone. But he can’t come up with anything, and that’s when he starts to wonder if maybe it’s not something he did.
This time, Steve’s laughter rings out loud and clear. “Come on, then, Shellhead. Let’s go get that chocolate.”
“This is getting pathetic,” Bucky says, and Steve turns to him with a glare. “I’m tired of seein’ the both of you droolin’ over each other.”
“Not yet, you haven’t,” the Captain snaps, voice low and rough, and fuck, Tony feels that curl of lust inside grow hotter. Shaggy—or what did Cap call him, Bucky?— howls in laughter, and Red only raises an eyebrow.
He has to force his eyes to leave Steve’s body, and brings them up slowly, higher and higher until he meets bright green ones.
“It’s, uh, pretty darn cute,” Steve looks down, shuffling on his feet as his ears go pink, and that’s when Tony notices he’s not the only one with his hands full.
-– sounding happier than he has in the months they’ve known each other–- and Steve suddenly feels a little less bright inside.
“Tony...” Steve starts, but Tony shakes his head, rubbing his cheek against the head tucked into his shoulder.
“It’s okay,” Steve nods, but the words sound ragged and broken. “The serum… the serum’ll take care of– of th' wound. Sorry, I’m s-sorry, Tony–”
“Simple rules, team,” he says, voice as serious as it is gentle. “Stay together, stay with me or Tony, look for trees you like, and have fun. Understood?”
“Sap,” Tony whispers, and closes the space between them to press a quick kiss on Steve’s nose, laughing when the blond wrinkles it a second later. “Now entertain me, honey bunny.”
“If you can give me an hour,” Tony says slowly, holding back a smile at the way Steve’s breath hitches when Tony wriggles on top of him. “I’ll make it worth your while.”
Tony rolls his eyes, and walks further into the room until he plops onto the bed beside Steve. “I, uh, tried to call you,” he says softly. His eyelashes brush his cheeks as he looks down at his hands, and all Steve wants to do is lean in and press his lips against them. “Left you a shit load of messages, but you, um, you weren’t answering, so–”
"Steve, you don’t...” Tony shakes his head, but the blonde just holds out his hand, and Tony takes the paper quickly to hide his trembling fingers.
Tony glares at Steve, and in one lightning quick move, reaches out to snatch the tiny black box from his boyfriend’s trembling hand. “Good luck finding it again!”
“I-- I don’t know,” Tony replies, and Pepper sees the tip of his hand over the back of the couch as he waves it around vaguely. “I just... like it.”
His mom’s eyes grow soft. “It’s my favorite thing to do. You’re going through a little ‘no’ phase right now too, though.  Most stubborn little soul I’ve ever met.”
“Very sweet of you, thank you,” Pepper smiles, and then stands up. “I think I’ll eat this outside, actually.”
When Steve takes his first step back on American soil two weeks later, the now familiar weight in Tony’s arms doesn’t keep him from running into his husband’s outstretched ones.
“We’ve done a hell of a lot more in less time, babe,” he says, and smiles when Steve grunts as he grinds down again.
“This was nice of you to plan,” she tells Tony later, after a busy hour of helping to corral, feed, and watch over six hungry toddlers. The party set-up had continued after, and now she’s curled up into one of the Tower’s ridiculously comfortable couches, heels kicked off and half a bag of balloons left for her to blow up.
“I’m still not giving her to you,” he mumbles, and doesn’t even care that the words come out a little shaky. Steve’s always had the ability to throw him off like that.
“Gonna give us both grey hairs if you keep sneaking around, y’know,” he warns her. Natasha shifts her gaze to the top of his head, and Tony rolls his eyes at the knowing look she sends him. “Fine–
He scrambles to put his bottle down, and then curses when it tips over and spills its remains on the table. “Fuck, fucking Buck. Shit,
“It’s…” Tony clears his throat. “I know I’m shit at saying… things. But I’m… Well, I’m here. And it’s… better.”
“It’s the least you can do,” Tony teases, even as a thrill runs down his spine at the thought of having Steve down in the workshop again. “Even Butterfingers is annoyed.”
“Aren’t we all just the best lookin’ foursome this side of town?” Tony crows, and Steve laughs when the kids strike dramatic poses before they wave goodbye and run inside. “So what’re you planning on being tonight?” he then asks Steve, “Sexy firefighter? Sexy nurse? Sexy
“Romanoff said it was cool,” the scruffy-looking one says. “And honestly, there’s no way I’m leavin’ now.”
,” he finally says, after a long silence, and smiles when he feels Steve press a kiss to his temple.
The scene on TV isn’t over before his phone vibrates, and Tony’s so relieved, he doesn’t even wonder what Steve’s still doing up.
“Don’t you dare,” he growls, just as they arrive at their door, and with a low, deliciously rough groan, Steve pushes him into it. “C’mon, honey bunny, chop chop. Get me in there so you can get in me.”
“Hey, shush– you’ll wake her,” Steve says, both of them stifling their laughter behind their hands, and for the rest of the day, the world outside their bed falls away.
“You leave Brock to me,” he says firmly, and then feels the corner of his mouth quirk up just a little bit when Clint lets out a loud whoop.
“Later…” Steve repeats, and the wonder in his voice, in his face and his eyes, stays with Tony for the rest of the day.
“God, you’re such a sleepy little puppy,” Tony coos, even as his eyes start blinking slowly, to Steve’s relief.
“No time to waste, though. Tell me everything, and make it quick-- I've got Student Council in fifteen."
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony sighs, and opens the door to the apartment building. “But you can’t blame me for staring, babe. Your arms are a fucking wonder.”
“Yeah, for your boring values and promises, and those soda machines you’re gonna put at the end of the hallways–”
“Always had ‘em,” Tony answers. “But luckily, there are also these amazing little things called contacts.” Steve’s eyes haven’t stopped running all over his face, and Tony breathes a sigh. “They’re not that bad, are they, Cap?”
“Please,” Tony rolls his eyes, biting back the groan at the pain that shoots through his skull. “I dun’ even know you, ‘n I know y’ve got no poker face. Those eyes...”
“Do you even have to ask?” Tony counters, and when his baby rests her head on his shoulder, he hums a faint tune to keep her from waking.
,” is all he says, and God damnit, if that soft, breathy sound doesn’t make Tony want to shiver all over.
“Yes, honey bear?” Tony says, reluctantly turning away from the sight of Steve Rogers smiling at SHIELD High’s new foreign exchange student.
“Only a penny, Rogers?” he asks, and their car swings with as Steve throws his head back and laughs.
Prompt: "Tony trying to propose to Steve, 'trying' being the key word, because he is so nervous that he stutters through the whole speech, he can't breathe, he drops the box with the ring, while showing it to Steve, because his hands are shaking /so/ hard and he almost works himself into an anxiety attack. Which only makes Steve love him more, because he wouldn't have it any other way."
Tony can’t summon up a response, doesn’t want to do anything except sit there and count the rise and fall of his Captain’s chest. There’s a flash of red hair in his periphery, and he only just registers Natasha’s hand resting on his shoulder.
“Taken care of,” Tony waves him off, then turns to Pepper with a knowing grin. “See, Pep? What did I say? Schmoozing while I hold down the fort. Some team leader you are…”
“Oh my god,” Tony breathes, and Steve starts when he feels the brunet’s hand circle his wrist. “Is that why– never mind, thank god we’re doing this now, you’re so precious.”
“Finally, the man of the hour,” Tony says. There’s a faint breathlessness to his voice, but really, Pepper thinks, no one could blame him for it. “Surprise!”
Tony makes a tiny, longing noise. “My baby girl, I’m gonna miss her today,” he sighs. “Tell her I loved her, won’t you?”
,” Tony whispers, a faint, warm tendril of something unfurling in his chest even as his mind screams he’s lost it.
“Let me take that, then,” Steve nods at the carrier, and Tony hands it over without a word. “Now, pick her up. Just–”
“It’s not so bad,” Steve shrugs. “I’ve got you, you’ve got me, and this is a pretty damn good chow mein, dontcha think?” he holds up one of the white takeout cartons sitting in their makeshift table– another box holding some of Steve’s art supplies.
]– we’re the leaders. We’ll bear the brunt of it, if we can, and we’ll do it together. Two heads are better than one, right? Especially if the other head’s his.
, however, low enough to drown the conversation between the two men huddled together on the love seat across from her.
“I’m gonna go call everyone,” Clint says suddenly, because if they get any more chummy he’s going to puke. He leaves before either of them can reply, and when their laughter follows him into the elevator, he thinks they might have to set up an intervention.
Steve slides in on his finger before he’s even done talking. “Like hell I will. It’s you and me from now on, Stark.”
,” Tony whines, pressing himself further into Steve as he maneuvers the bed covers over the two of them. “Mhmm… that’s better, right?” he whispers into the blond’s neck, and smiles when Steve’s warmth surrounds him.
“You know it’s not,” Steve says. “There’s no one I’d rather do any of this with.” There’s nothing but honesty in those blue eyes, and Tony feels his grin tapering down to a soft quirk of his lips.
Tony can’t help but close his eyes as he feels Rhodey slowly go limp in his arms– he’s halfway to dreamland himself– and doesn’t start when Steve touches his shoulder.
Rhodey laughs, a single eyebrow rising knowingly a second later. “Can’t wait till a certain someone sees you.”
Steve nods, and catches Thor’s eyes widening from across the island as the others hide their giggles into their lunch.
“He’s okay,” Natasha says, voice soothing and even like a lullaby, and eventually, Tony feels her fingers around loosen around his wrist.
“You’re... you’re unreal,” he breathes out, the world outside Steve’s arms fading further by the second.
“Thank god,” he says, fixing the blanket until it covers them both again. “I know you’re, like, in love with Han--”
Tony breaks. “You think that fucking matters to me?” He rasps, slamming the wrench on the table. “You think
to his old man. For all of his droning about Tony following in his footsteps to lead the helm at SI, not even Howard Stark could force his son into the position. So when he'd finally croaked, it hadn’t even taken Tony an hour to figure out what to do. Three days later he’d practically shoved Pepper into her new CEO office chair, and hightailed out of the building like the world’s greatest prison bust.
There’s a faint snickering coming from the corner of the room, but Tony doesn’t even bother looking away from the most beautiful human being he’s ever seen. Even sitting down, Tony can tell that the man is easily six feet plus, with broad, muscled shoulders he suddenly wants to run his mouth over.
Like all born and bred New Yorkers, Tony’s knowledge of organized crime is, at the very least, a general awareness. Unlike most born and bred New Yorkers, it doesn’t stop there for him.
“Just a little red,” Tony replies, more than a little breathless. “But I know how you can make it up to me.”
Natasha shrugs, tucking her head under his chin, and her deep, steady breathing keeps him from asking any more questions. He pats her fleece clad back mindlessly, the low hum of the elevator surrounding them until it dings to signal their arrival.
Tony doesn’t manage to keep the tears from falling down his cheeks, but they’re quickly wiped away by gentle fingers. “I love you too,“ he breathes, and God knows he’s never meant it more than he does now. "Even with all this sap, you fucking meatball.”
“You should be grateful I was still willing to fill out all those papers,” the woman rolls her eyes, despite the faint concern Steve can read on her face. “I’m not your PA anymore.”
“I’ve got a feeling you can hold your own,” she says, and leaves the room with a final kiss to Tony’s bandaged temple.
“If you’re the one in costume, I don’t see how it wouldn’t be,” Tony shrugs, and laughs when Steve covers his face with his hands.
“You’re ridiculous and I don’t know why I let you talk me into this, Jesus Christ...” Tony mutters, even as he doesn’t pull away when Steve tugs him to his side and leads him down the quiet, snowy trail. “You know we can see this from our room, right? We can see the whole fucking park, Steve.”
” comes the unmistakably amused voice, and with a shout, Tony grins up at the ceiling, suddenly looking more lively than he has all day.
“Huh. Good to know. Now I can just scrimp on the fancy shit and just roll out the barbecue from now on, huh?”
,” he winks. “And let’s do this out in the quad, yeah?? Can’t even breathe in here without Hair Bun over there glaring daggers, Christ...”
Steve just nods because it’s too late to say no, and after both kids are inside, Tony turns to him and smiles.
“Don’t act like you’re surprised,” Steve grumbles, bony arms crossed over his equally bony chest. “You of all people should know what I looked like... before.”
“I had fun,” Steve mumbles into Tony’s shoulder, wrapping his arms around his waist until he has both of Tony’s hands between his own.
Sure enough, only his and Tony’s mugs are left on the counter, but Steve goes up to their room instead, smiling at the sight of his lover splayed out under their covers. He’s in and out the shower in five minutes, and once he’s dressed, he kneels by the bed and pulls the sheets off Tony’s head.
Pepper and Bucky chatter excitedly all through their ice cream and the cleaning that inevitably takes place after, and then they trade costume ideas until they finally decide-- with a bit of “super genius advice”, as Tony’d called it-- to dress up as Black Widow and Hawkeye.
He talks with Natasha in the kitchen as he makes tea, cuts up a bowlful of oranges, and opens a pack of saltines. She’s clearly concerned about the two of them, but he leaves her with a promise of get well kisses for them as he walks back with a full tray in his arms.
“I’m not goin’ anywhere,” Tony growls, his own eyes burning as he leans in until their foreheads touch. “Look, put your hands here,” he points to his reactor. “Come on, big guy, keep ‘em right here– there ya go. F-feel that?”
“… and then there’s uncle Agent, who doesn’t stop by as often as he used to, but that’s bound to change when he finally meets you, you little cutie. He’ll just– Steve, the door.“
Tony blinks the sleep away, and turns into his pillow to face Steve. “Okay, I need coffee right the fuck now,” he grumbles, “because I swear I just heard you say my eyes are like the stars.”
“Stop makin’ me laugh, you menace,” Steve whispers loudly, in between hushed laughter. “My Ma’s gonna come in if we’re too loud.”
“Oh, never mind, it’s just Thor,” Rhodey grins, pointing to the tall, beefy blond in the distance, and then yelps when Tony whacks him in the shoulder. “Honest mistake, I swear, I’m sorry!”
OMG I'M SO SORRY, IT'S LATE, I KNOW IT'S LATE, BUT I DIDN'T HAVE TIME TO PUT IT UP EARLIER CUZ I WENT IN TO WORK EARLY AND I JUST HAD THE WORST TIME AND I'M SO TIRED
“I’m glad I don’t have to hold out for my hero anymore,” he whispers into Steve’s shoulder, and grins knowingly when it starts shaking.
Steve looks at him for a moment, then another, before removing his own gloves to follow suit. “That pizza’s soundin’ better b-by the minute; though I’d p-pretty m-much take anything hot. Even your awful c-coffee.”
“Where’s the suit?” He asks, finding it surprisingly difficult to look away from the woman sitting in the interrogation room on the other side of the glass window.
Tony can barely hear himself talk over the rush of blood in his ears. “I h-had a-- I had a plan, and-- and a speech,” he stutters, and god, he can’t believe he’s actually saying this. “With some, uh, fireworks. And...other shit.”
Tony doesn’t bother denying it, and just leans up to peck at his boyfriend’s jaw. “Don’t pretend you’re not, snookums.”
Steve’s smile is probably just a little too giddy. “Well, I think Nurse Odinson would be flattered, but he’s engaged to Dr. Foster here in Neurology, and I wouldn’t wanna get on her bad side.”
“Pwesents!” Thor crows, climbing on the couch and jumping on the cushions, and even Bruce lets out a peal of laughter as they race over to the tree.
Tony doesn’t mention his new friend or invite Steve over to introduce him in the weeks that follow; he’s the same gorgeous, brilliant, funny guy Steve’s pretty sure he might be half in love with. And even though he makes sure to keep up the smiles and jokes they’ve got going, his heart’s just not as into it.
“Damn right it does,” Tony huffs, careful not to jostle the bundle in his arms too much. “You try being in charge for three hours,
“Don’t be mean,” Steve tuts, and then Tony lets out a shout of displeasure when the blanket is whipped off him.
Steve raises his eyebrows. “You sure? ‘Cause that’s a mighty big task. I was kinda expectin’ you to already have a place in mind.”
“Personally, I think I’m the best tasting one,” comes Clint’s voice from just outside the kitchen, and seconds later, the man himself strolls into the room. Tony, still determined to get Steve to finish his food, only just notices the rest of the team coming in behind him.
Thor steps up before he’s even finished asking, thrusting his bright red card out at Tony. “Happy Mother’s Day!” he bellows, a proud grin lighting up his face.
Pepper gives him an unimpressed look even as she sighs again, waving him off, and Tony would’ve probably leaned in to kiss her if he hadn’t already been out the door and halfway to the elevator.
It starts when Bucky comes home after the first day of school, stands in front of Steve with his tiny, five-year old hands on his tiny, five-year old waist, and tells him:
“It’s nice,” Steve says, then chuckles when Tony gives him a knowing look. “Well, most of it, at least.”
At some point after lunch, when Tony’s trying to settle his rowdy pupils into groups for their lab, the music begins. It’s Chopin this time, he recognizes, and when he leans in to peek through the door window...
,” she replies, and pulls away with a kiss to his forehead.  “Now dry those tears, because I refuse to spend all my time here crying. Won’t you tell me how you are?”
“Don’t talk to me,” Tony grumbles, but doesn’t pull away from Steve when the blond wraps an arm around his shoulders as they make their way through the thinly crowded Brooklyn street.
“Language, Spangles!” Tony laughs, as they finally break through the crowds and out into the surprisingly empty balcony. He stick a hand back inside just as a waiter passes by, and swipes the tray in his hands with a quick ‘thanks’. A click of the door lock later, he breathes a sigh relief, and sticks out the tray in Steve’s direction. “Slider?”
“Let me… fuck… let me finish. Let me start,” Tony stutters, and is horrified when his eyes start burning. He’s not even down on one knee,
“Thanks for telling Mr. Gun-ho over here,” Tony jerks his thumb at Steve, who just presses a kiss to his temple, flushing at the knowing looks the team gives each other.
, he curses, but when he remembers-- in hazy, grainy detail-- how Steve’s face had looked as he’d pressed his number into Tony’s phone, he finally gives in and reaches for his phone. By the time he reaches the contact labeled
Steve wastes no time in joining them, until they’re leaning into each other’s shoulders, their baby nestled in between them. “I hope she ends up getting a lot more from you.”
“Fuck yeah,” Tony breathes, and even though it’s impossible, he wonders if Steve can hear how fast his heart is beating.
Tony doesn’t need to look at Steve or Pepper to know they’re rolling their eyes, but he just walks towards the man and holds out his daughter. “Support the head,” he orders.
Steve’s hand leaves warm caresses down his back, and his laughter is just as soft. “Alright, alright. Go back to sleep, beautiful--”
Steve’s head snaps his way, guilt etched all over his face, and just like that, Tony’s anger fades into bone-deep relief.
It's normal for Tony to get caught up in the numbers. Whether they’re business or superhero related, he's usually down and crunching in seconds, and this time it's no different-- there's arrow adjustments for Clint that are top priority, and then he has end of the quarter figures Pepper sent him for SI, and there's a glitch in Butterfinger's code that he can't figure out no matter how many times he types in the numbers, then he has tech specs for the new Stark phone--
“Famous last words,” Tony mutters, but doesn’t hesitate to wrap his arms tightly around Steve’s waist as he finally climbs on behind. “This is a nightmare, Jesus fucking Christ, Steve.”
“Y-yeah,” he gasps, nodding his head maybe too enthusiastically, but everything is suddenly hotter and heavier and more. It feels fantastic.
Steve’s blush comes back with a vengeance. “The guys at the station aren’t gonna let me forget this anytime soon. I think they’ve got half a mind to permanently strap the helmet to my neck.”
Tony manages to keep his giddy laughter in, and settles for a soft smile of his own as he nods. “I think I'll take you up on that.”
Tony tries to tamper the giddiness bubbling up in his chest. “Good to know Coney Island does it for ya.”
” His son all but wails, scrambling off his bed and disappearing into his closet, running back moments later with a pair of shoes in his hands. “Daddy, no, I wanna go t’school! Daddy, I go to school!”
“Nope, shut up,” Tony stops him. “It’s great, I love it. But honestly?” he takes advantage of the face that they’re finally alone to take a step forward, into Steve’s space until they’re inches apart. “You make an even better present.”
Not the sight of his team in front of him, no-- not that one. Even at knee-height and with large, pleading stares filled with more hope than he’s sure he’s ever seen, it’s not a sight that conjures anything other than fondness and a fierce surge of protection.
"I can do that," he nods, moving around the kitchen island and into Steve's welcoming arms. "What'll this get me?" He reaches up on his tiptoes to peck Steve's jaw.
Steve can feel the warmth of the brunet’s hand on his arm, but it’s nothing compared to the slow, heady rush of love that runs through him then. “Yeah. I’ve got you,” he says, and lets himself be whisked away.
“Deal,” Tony says, reaching into his pocket to pull out his phone. “No take backs, Rogers,” he holds out his phone. “I expect to be wined and dined by the end of the week.”
He wants to tell him something, anything, but he can’t fucking stop crying and his heart is breaking like it’s never broken before, like it’ll never be whole again–
(Except that one time, when his class is blessedly quiet for once— he should give them tests more often-- until Steve shows up at the window with two of his students’ painted portraits in hand: one of a long strip of cliffs bordering the sea— ‘Chopin’ labeled in a yellow sticky— and the other with what looked like a hundred different colored splatters, ‘AC/DC’ tacked on in a blue note. Tony has to leave the room so that his laughs don’t disrupt the kids.)
"Shit, I just--" Tony manages to get out in between laughs. "I just realized this is our fucking bed, hon."
“That was nice of her,” Steve tells him, and this time, when Bucky nods again, he’s grinning. “We should make more cookies then, don’t you think?”
Steve lets out a huff of a laugh even as he feels his face grow warm. “Fifty cookies is a bit much, dontcha think?” he asks, taking a bite a second later, and Tony’s eyes darken deliciously as he licks his own lips.
“I love you,” Steve says, taking one of Tony’s hands in his, and when he brushes his thumb along Tony’s knuckles, it burns in the best way. “No lies, no games. You ran out on me before I could even move.”
“Th-thanks,” Steve stammers, cheeks flaming at the fondness in those brown eyes, and the faint scent of strawberry on Tony’s breath as he pulls away.
Tony nods, and when Steve crawls over to sit next to him again, he doesn’t bother trying pointing out that there are still more than a dozen presents still scattered around the floor. “I’m used to... this,” he waves his hand around their general area, “but it-- it means something now.” he whispers, breathing through the lump in his throat when he’s pulled into warm, familiar arms.
Steve thanks each of their friends for their gifts, and then he gets to Tony’s and unsticks the tape piece by piece. Clint boos from the couch, but Tony tells him to just hurry on with it, and Steve furrows his brow when he sees the sketchbook.
“Because!” Bucky snaps, stomping his foot eagerly to get Steve’s attention, as if his shrill voice wouldn’t have done the trick alone.
“-- And no one here’d tell me what was goin’ on, I was half outta my mind the whole ride over, y’know, and--
The team is thankfully, blessedly quiet, and when Tony sneaks a peek through the rear view mirror, he almost groans in relief when he confirms they’re all asleep. “You really have to ask?”
“I think I know how to spell my name,” Steve replies, the slightest hitch in his breath when he says it.
“Get ready, baby girl,” Tony coos, right before the low ding announces they’ve arrived, and Steve has just enough time to kiss his cheek before the doors open.
“But I think,” Steve says, and there’s a smile in his voice Tony doesn’t even have to look at him to see. “I think they like you even more.”
Prompt: "The avengers find videos that end up being Tony's home videos from when he was young and in one of them it's young Tony playing with a cap toy or just having fun and then Howard yells at him."
“He was all alone by the side of the road!” she almost wails, and Tony just stands in his kitchen as she then proceeds to wash him in the sink and bundle him up in an old towel.
“Yeah, well I think I’m owed some time off. I’m not lettin’ anything keep me from my first Christmas as a married man.”
“We don’t even have those,” Tony mutters, after a look in the refrigerator yields nothing good for either of them. “Here, just, stay here,” he sits Steve down on one of the stools, and pats his head. “Be a good little Cap and stay here, yeah?”
Another bright flash sends shockwaves through the room, and when Tony opens his eyes– when did he close them,
“Barton, if we go with your choice, will you keep your trap shut?” Tony mumbles, and Steve flicks his back.
“Awwwww,” Sam coos from somewhere close by, voice warbled from a mouthful of popcorn. “You’re adorable, man.”
Tony leans forward on the counter. "Name it," he says, and breathes through the hitch in his heartbeat when Steve's lips quirk up into a tender smile, as soft as the morning beyond the glass walls of the Tower.
Tony ignores the hitch in his breath at the sound as he grins. “Yes, sir. So tell me,” he leans back into the indecently comfortable couch cushions, and feels a thrill of anticipation when Steve mirrors the movement. “What’s it like to be Mr. Tony Stark?”
“Not on your life, mister. You’re gonna help me clean up first, and then you’ll be explaining to Clint why he’s gonna have to wait longer for pancakes.”
“Get lost,” Tony waves him off, but Clint doesn’t miss the way he brings his hands to his chest after that, tapping a steady beat against the small reactor.
“You sure about that?” Rhodey snickers, and the only reason Tony doesn’t smack him is because of the six foot two, two hundred plus pound ball of giggles a couple of feet away. “I think you’re turning a little green there.”
“Oh sweet Jesus,” Barnes sighs, the words somewhat muffled as he drags his hands over his face. “I shoulda known better, can I just-- I’m just gonna go, before I get a cavity from all this sap.”
But he manages to hide his excitement— if anything good ever came out of having Howard as a father, it was definitely his ability to keep everything inside— as he sticks another note in the glass. He follows Rogers' lead and leaves before the other man sees any of it:
“Yeah, well I thought I’d gotten over my army kink, but obviously...” Tony waves a hand in Steve’s direction.
“Tony--” he starts, but the elevator comes to a stop with a gentle jolt, and Tony walks out with a look over his shoulder.
“Our kids?” Steve asks, and hears the brunet let out something that could almost be a chuckle, soft and stilted as it is.
“Don’t you dare,” Steve says, as soft as the hand he wraps around Tony’s wrist. “I don’t– you–” he stammers, and throws a glance at their friends over his shoulder. “They look… good.”
“Do you guys... you think he’ll be embarrassed?” Steve asks softly. “I probably shoulda thought of somethin’ nicer--”
One of the things Tony likes best about being a teacher, he’s decided, is that it’s basically a giant
“I thought you could use a lunch break,” Steve says. “Unless you’re too busy. Ms. Potts, I brought some lunch for you, too-- Italian, if that’s okay with you.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve mumbles glumly, but Tony’s heart gives a lurch at the bright amusement swimming in those baby blues.
“I didn’t know what that felt like,” Tony says softly. “Until I met you. I don’t give a damn what our place looks like– okay, no, wait, I do. Kind of. I’m not particular about it, but it matters. A little. But baby, I would stick with you even if we lived in a shit hole in Hell’s Kitchen. If all we had was each other, I’d still be the luckiest son of a bitch alive, ‘cause wherever you are? You bet your sweet ass I’m gonna be right there with ya. You’re my home.”
The sound of the door to the nursery opening softly makes the words trail off, as Pepper’s tall, familiar form enters the room, and Tony opens his mouth to speak again, only to stop short when he sees the tears in her eyes.
“So be proud of me. Plus, she’s totally a dog person. I think. Either way, I’m going to get major brownie points.”
Tony pushes down the swell of embarrassment with everything he has, and stands back up. “Guess that answers that, huh,” he takes the frames off, “I’ll just– I’m gonna go call the, the um, the optometrist– buy a couple of thousand contacts–”
Steve just keeps looking at him. “I happen to think you do,” he finally says. “And I’d... I’d be honored to call you my teammate. My friend.”
"I think Barton won the bet," she tells Rhodey, and then turns to Tony and pats his hand. "Congratulations on getting your head out of your ass."
“A-alright! I think we’ve, uh, wasted enough time, yeah?” Steve calls out, shuffling the papers in front of him as he squares his shoulders and straightens his spine in a way that still doesn’t manage to draw Natasha’s attention from the fact that he can’t stop his eyes from straying over to Tony’s neck every once in a while.
Tony’s heart skips a beat at the soft awe he can hear in the blond’s voice. "I’m just… honestly, I’m trying to imagine how you didn’t have a line of gals at your door back when you looked like this.”
Tony lets out a laugh that comes easier than anything has in a long time. “Oh my god,” he breathes. “
“I just–” Steve squares his jaw, fiddling with the checkered tablecloth. “I saw her aim and– I just… I couldn’t let her shoot you.”
Tony’s grin feels easier than it has in a long time. “He gets them from me, too,” he drawls, and feels a surge of victory when the blond’s cheeks flush ever so slightly.
“Does Pepper know?” he turns back to his best friend, who’s looking down at the magazine with a grin. “Tony--”
“To what? You haven’t asked me anything yet,” Steve says, and god, he knows this is absolutely crazy– he’s on duty, they’ve barely met, and he’s never done something like this before. But Tony’s eyes are awfully beautiful, and the feeling in Steve’s chest every time he sees them is as warm as it is unfamiliar.
“Not usually the response I get from you,” Tony’s wide awake now, for sure, and Steve is quick to wrap his arms around the brunet’s waist.
Tony’s shaking his head before he’s even finished asking the question. “No, you can’t seriously-- Steve, what the fuck?”
Tony doesn’t bother ignoring the frisson of attraction that runs through him when their fingers touch. “Yeah, no, Mr. Stark was my old man, and he...” he waves his other hand around, clears his throat, and then puts on his most winning smile.“Just call me Tony.”
Tony doesn’t miss the faint uncertainty in the man’s voice, as if he were afraid of what he’ll be told. He thinks about playing it off, and flirting his way into the Captain’s arms– and maybe even his bed– but instead, he opens his mouth and–
“Hey, don’t call ‘em that,” Rhodey hisses, looking around furtively, even though the only animals currently around them are in fish tanks. They have yet to bump into an employee, but Tony can hear them faintly in the distance. “They’ll hear you and then they’ll… I don’t know, they’ll hate you.”
“Say it,” Steve tells him. He’s three inches smaller than Tony but he suddenly fills up the whole room, and Tony will do anything this boy tells him until the day he dies.
“Fine,” is all she says, chuckling as she unclips the cord in front of the line, and Steve doesn’t even have time to take a deep, readying breath before Tony’s suddenly right there in front of him.
“It’s rude to interrupt,” he says, and doesn’t bother hiding the way his eyes roam appreciatively over Steve’s body in his old Army uniform.
Steve blinks. “What?” He asks, only to start when Tony nods down at the mess between them. "Oh, shit– aw,
for it,” Tony gestures at the team still shuffling eagerly beside them, all of them wearing identical smiles and colorful birthday hats. “Pep and I are just the help.”
“Nope,” Steve shakes his head, and pulls Tony to his side, arms thick and warm as they wrap themselves around him. “Come on, lemme see that smile.”
“I like the sound of that,” Steve chuckles, groaning in relief when they reach their new apartment door. “C’mon, babe, help a fella out.”
Tony feels every inch of Steve’s skin warm him like brand-- neither of them are wearing gloves, for reasons Tony can’t remember but doesn’t give a fuck about anymore-- and he looks down to hide the smile that finally breaks through. “You better,” he says, and knows Steve’s heard him when the grip around his fingers tightens once.
Tony doesn’t say anything at first, just continues rocking back and forth in place, and from where she rests within Tony’s arms, Natasha sends her a seemingly approving smile. “They make it easy,” he finally responds, and Pepper thinks her heart might break— in the absolute best way, of course— at the quiet but unmistakable awe lacing every word. “Not that it’s like this all the time. Most days, there’s an extra set of hands around.”
Even in the dim light, he catches the fond roll of Steve’s eyes. “Gimme a moment to catch my breath, then we’ll start tryin’ to figure out a way outta here, yeah?”
The days go by, one after the other, and Tony runs his side of the world-- SI business, SHIELD business, Avengers business, everything-- with a familiar ease that manages to keep the worry and longing to a bearable degree. He ends up eating dinner with the team more often than not, surprisingly, and falls into bed only when his body decides it’s not willing to pull through for him anymore.
“It’s not,” Tony blurts, breath catching in his throat when the blond looks over at him again. He’s so gorgeous, it almost hurts. “Dislocated, I mean. It was, but not-- not anymore. I, uh, set it back in place.”
“Steve,” comes the reply, and a second later, the man himself walks in with a smirk. “Figures you’d be taking your sweet time,” he says. “Here, let me take care of that,” he points to Tony’s tie.
“I’m surprised you’re up so early,” she grumbles, because even though she has yet to check her watch, the sunlight is far too soft for a late morning.
He’s left with the brunt of crowd control on their way back, but it’s worth it for getting to see Steve hulking around the hundred pound fir over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.
“How ‘bout me?” Steve’s voice echoes around the room, and a second later, the man himself stands beside the bed again, a satisfied grin on his face as he hugs a plate to his chest.
“Alright, you heard your dad, buddy: go nuts,” Steve coos down at Remy, and Tony almost chokes on air. The puppy wastes no time in scampering throughout the room when Steve lets him go, and Tony takes a deep breath before meeting baby blue eyes once more.
“God knows why…” Steve mumbles, but when they step through the main doors, both of them are smiling.
“No, because you won’t, and you know it. You’ll end up distracted by your tech, or your suit, or Steve, and then I’ll come around to pick the papers up and you won’t even remember where they are.”
“Daddy,” she grumbles, blue eyes blurred from sleep, and she’s still the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen.
“I’ll make it up to you,” Tony says, because they’re alone and the music is kind of romantic, now that he thinks about it, and he really wants to kiss this man.
“Yeah? Well, for future reference, I’d rather have you breathing,” Tony snaps, and god, he can barely breathe through the fear of almost having been too late. “What the fuck would I do without you, huh?” he whispers, forcing the words out even though they feel like blades. “Don’t-- don’t do that again. I don’t care if I get shit for Christmas, I don’t-- I don’t want anything. Just you. Alive.”
His eyes burn again– god, it feels like that’s all they’ve done today– and before he can stop it, a low, broken sob feels like it’s torn out of him.
“‘m not droolin’,” Tony mumbles. Steve’s face is bright red and he keeps looking away every couple of seconds, though, so maybe he is, but he just got hit with a football, for god’s sake, so
His phone pings loudly where it sits on the large glass table, and more than one eye turns his way. From his periphery, he sees Pepper sigh in exasperation, but it means nothing when he sees the words on his screen.
“Unless he turns out to be an asshole,” she continues, with a pointed look at Tony, “he wouldn’t have been flirting if he was attached.”
“Yes, Sir,” JARVIS replies, and Tony leaves the kitchen minutes later with two platefuls of pizza and determined set to his jaw.
In the loud chaos of the Stark Tower living room, Tony feels Steve’s voice brush softly against his skin as the blond whispers in his ear. He ignores Rhodey’s knowing smirk, and puts his champagne glass down as he turns to face the Captain.
“Good, it’ll save us some time. Zemo’s been hiding in Germany all this time, but last week, we got intel that he’s back stateside. And it seems he’s got a vendetta.”
Tony barely turns his head to face the man lying next to him. “I know,” he mumbles, and then quirks his lips into a lazy smirk. “You gave it to me this morning. Multiple times. And then again after breakfast. And right before the party–”
It works, mostly, because Steve rolls his eyes and bumps Tony’s shoulder. Figures Steve Rogers would be the only person more stubborn than him. “You’re lucky there’s kids around right now--”
“Oh fuck no,” Tony almost growls. “Don’t pull that shit on me, Rogers. Something like this happens again, I better find out asap. Am I fucking clear?”
“I like the sound of that,” Tony rests his chin on Steve’s pec, and grins. “How much’d you think it cost to buy it?”
Natasha settles the baby in her arms without hesitation, and kisses her forehead lovingly. “Beautiful.”
“I know,” Tony replies with an eye roll. “But it fucking serves you right after the shit you just pulled.”
“That’s a first,” Tony chuckles, reaching for his mug, but as he leaves, he tells himself to check up on the guy later.
“Are you...” Tony swallows, and doesn’t try to hide his suddenly trembling limbs. “Are you seriously doing this?”
There’s a loud, resigned sigh from inside Steve’s sleeping bag, and a second later, a blond, messy head peeks out to face him. “
“You’re bein’ kinda loud, Tony-- it‘s rude,” Steve says, chuckling as Tony struggles half-heartedly, pounding weakly on Steve’s chest.
“Maybe it’ll teach him not to pull shit like this,” Tony swallows, sparing a glance over his shoulder to meet the woman’s concerned gaze.
,” Steve sends a quick, stern look at their team immediately before turning back to Tony, and the look on the man’s face-- like he’s seconds away from bolting-- has him speeding things up. “Okay, next batter up. Bruce, buddy?”
He lets the kisses begin again-- the fast, loud rush of blood in his ears a contrast to the soft, wonderfully tender feel of Steve’s lips on his own-- until they break away with a sigh.
“Hopeless, Jesus Christ,” Tony rolls his eyes, and steps closer to the bars separating them from their best friends. “Rhodey, what the fuck are you talking abou--”
“Tony,” Steve moans, and then his hands are suddenly scrambling at Tony’s shirt, at his pants, at every part of him he can touch.
Soft giggles are her only response as she shakes her head, but JARVIS’ smooth voice breaks into the early morning quiet. “
“Okay, maybe not planes,” Tony shrugs. “But something else– anything. Whatever you want, big guy, it’s yours.”
“Nope, too late,” Tony groans, wiggling closer to the warm bulk of his best friend. “I’m not leaving, ‘n neither are you. I’m dyin’ here, Rogers, come on, have mercy.”
“I thought you knew what a ring looked like,” he replies, and looks up to see Tony’s face pale further. “Sweetheart--”
Steve can hear the laughter in his voice, even if he can’t see it in his eyes anymore. “I’ll hold off on complimenting you next time, then.”
“How does tomorrow night sound, then?” Steve asks, and now he’s smiling too because he still feels a little ridiculous for being so maudlin and jealous, but now it’s just Steve and Tony and
“Pepper hears me all the time,” Tony scoffs. “She knows she's not supposed to repeat it. If these kids don’t, it’s not my fucking problem.”
"But mommies love you duh most," is all Clint says, and Steve sees Tony duck his head to let out a shallow breath. "Mommies care about you duh bestest, an' we don't have mommies anymore but you take care of us lots!"
Because Steve is right there next to him, sitting on their bed with his back against the headboard; he's dressed in nothing but a plain white tee and black Stark Industries sweats, a sketchbook settled comfortably in his lap as he strokes a charcoal pencil over one of its pages. From where Tony is, he can't see what Steve's drawing, but whatever it is, it brings a smile so soft and warm to Steve's face, that Tony swallows once to get rid of the lump stuck in his throat.
There’s no steady beeping of a heart monitor, because everybody knows Captain America’s been good to go for hours. With his enhanced hearing, Bucky can hear the occasional footsteps down the hall, or a piece of conversation between agents here and there, but it’s the sound of Stark and Steve whispering that finally breaks him out of his slumber.
Tony bursts into laughter so strong, Natasha’s grip on his shoulder grows white-knuckled. “Menace,” he giggles after a good minute, calming the grumbles coming from his pint sized teammate with a gentle rub of her back, and Steve waits for the flutter in his stomach to settle before speaking again.
“Thank you,” Steve takes it, pressing a couple of buttons on the screen. “There-- I put my phone number. Now once you get home and feel better, you can text or call me whenever you want.”
Steve shakes his head. “Just... stay with me?” he asks, before he can wrestle the words back inside, and he holds his breath until Tony nods with a fond roll of his eyes.
“Where’s your phone, hmm?” Steve asks, and when Tony shrugs, Pepper pulls it out of her purse. Ah, how Tony loves Pepper! She’s so helpful.
“Not if your mom has a sweet tooth,” Tony replies, voice slightly rougher than it’d been moments before. “Does she?”
“You guys know the drill.” It’s Natasha who speaks, because Tony hasn’t spoken a word the whole time, and Steve won’t do anything else besides stare at him.
Tony has an almost infinite music library, and there are songs he knows he’s never even heard in there somewhere, but then one day, while he’s in the workshop he looks up and
“Shut up,” is all Tony says, but hours later, when the tree stands complete in the Stark Tower living room, he can’t help the pathetically giddy grin at the sight of Captain America and Iron Man hanging side by side for all to see.
"I also like having a functioning heart, which might skip itself all the way to the grave if you keep it up."
“The store’s not pressing charges-- they were gonna get rid of the chair anyway. But, um, you understand we can’t let this kind of behavior go unpunished.”
“You are absolute impossible, aren’t you?” Steve sighs, unable to keep the fondness from his voice. “Here,” he slides a tray table beside the bed closer. “Have a pudding cup in the meantime. ”
“So romantic,” Steve deadpans, but when he turns his head to press his lips together, both of them are smiling.
The words are as natural as everything in his brain has always come-- as natural as thinking and creating and breathing-- so he doesn’t notice he's said them out loud until Steve's pencil falls from his fingers, and that's when his brain catches up to him and
“Can’t even say it?” Tony teases, then sucks in a breath when Steve pushes himself off the opposite wall and takes one step towards Tony.
The amusement in Tony’s eyes is too obvious to miss, but Natasha doesn’t doubt her team somehow manages to. “Some fresh faced lackey being difficult?”
"Good morning,” Pepper calls out, but Tony doesn’t even turn to her as he heads straight for Steve, who puts his coffee down just as Tony steps into his space, resting his forehead on the Captain’s chest.
“Sure do, princess,” he replies, but stops short of joining Tony on a chair. “I don’t think Papa can fit on one of these, though.”
“Oh, well forgive me if I’m too busy hosting this thing to spend every minute of it next to you,” Tony says. “Sure looked like you were having fun a couple of minutes ago with Sharon, anyway. And Nat. And Pep.”
“Where’s Cap, Jay?” he looks up, the odd feeling in his chest growing heavier as he asks. This isn’t like Steve.
Tony nods. “Lucky,” he replies, hesitant and quiet and everything he so rarely is, and even with the anger and the fear still wreaking havoc on his chest, all Steve wants to do is climb onto that hospital bed and sweep Tony into his arms. “Are you, um... are you staying?” Tony whispers, sounding as small as he looks, and that’s exactly what Steve does.
,” Tony hisses, but doesn’t pull away from Steve’s hand on the small of his back as they get up and all but run off the platform. “Cap, calm down–”
,” Steve hisses, hands clenched into fists to keep them from reaching out for Tony’s hand. The panic that’d erupted in his chest hours before-- he doesn’t thing he’ll ever be able to forget the sight of Tony falling and falling, all blood red and gleaming gold like the Sun-- has only just started fading away, and Steve knows it’ll be a while before he stops feeling it.
Well, if you can think of someone, imagine them being right next to you, one hundred percent, no matter what. And you know they’ve got your back. I learned the hard way that when you’re at your worst, it pays to have people willing to shoulder some of the weight.
Tony stops immediately. “You’re the one pressing me into the mattress,” he replies, and tries not to feel disappointed when Steve rolls off him immediately.
“No, I-- hey, I do, yeah, sure. It’s-- it’s... cute,” he stammers, pressing his fluffy gift to his chest, and breathes in relief when Steve’s eyes suddenly brighten in happiness.
Blondie smiles. “No problem. Doctor Romanoff apologized, and said you’d be here as soon as you could.”
“Jesus Christ, why are you like this? It’s disgusting,” Tony groans, stretching out languidly, and Steve just barely keeps them from flipping over. “Y’know, this is why I flew us out here-- vacation, change of scenery, all that jazz. You should try it sometime.”
“Right on time,” Steve says, and then Tony’s breath hitches when Steve’s hand finds his, their wedding rings clinking softly as their hands intertwine. “You said something about a bedroom?”
“Then lemme have yours, please?” He bats his eyelashes, and leans over to kiss Steve’s cheek when the blond nods. “Thanks, gorgeous.”
“Petition to fucking ban Monopoly from future family game nights,” Clint calls out around a mouthful of popcorn. “I’m tired of seeing Cap wipe the floor with everyone.”
“The team says I spoil you,” Steve crosses his arms, and he’s trying to look firm, but there’s no hiding the fond gleam in his eyes.
Steve laughs until tears stream down his face, and every breath after that feels like a new beginning.
“For some reason,” Tony sighs, “I believe you. Jus’... stop with th’frowny face, and we’ll call’t equal.”
“Charmer,” she sighs, as she pulls away. “Why don’t you walk around and see if you actually like anything else?”
“Seriously?” Barnes groans, making the blond-- Steve, was it?-- turn his attention back to him. “Well, he
“Awesome,” Tony replies, just barely holding back the urge to coo at those wide baby blues. “Want to try?”
“Can I just ask, ‘cause I’m wondering: who’s idea was it to have you die in my arms?” The last words come out ragged, as weak and as broken as Tony feels right now. He knows the answer already-- he just wants to hear it out loud.
“So,” Tony clears his throat, looking out his window to keep his breath steady. “Day one of Steve and Tony’s excellent adventure– what do you think?”
Bucky and Sam let out matching cackles, but Tony pays them no mind. “I bet you say that to all the doctors.”
“Sounds perfect,” Steve nods, and then Tony stops breathing when he leans in and kisses Tony’s cheek. He’s big and warm and he smells
Barnes shrugs. “Fair enough. Now go get your man– and actually, forget the cleaning up part. I bet my arm he’s got half a mind to come down and break those doors with his shield if he doesn’t see you in the next five minutes.”
“Still--” Steve begins, but then a nurse stops beside them to tells him he can’t go beyond that point, and Tony tries hard to quell the admittedly irrational jab of fear at being alone.
“‘M not tiny,” he mumbles, head finding it’s familiar perch on Steve’s shoulder. He closes his eyes just as he registers warm, familiar arms around his waist, and feels better than he has all day.
Tony pokes him on his side, and tries not to dwell too much on how he can feel Steve’s ribs. “Zip it, shrimp.”
“I know you’re a fucking idiot,” he says, his voice as bored and careless as he can make it, “but clearly you’re dumber than I thought if you can’t tell where your seat is.”
“...I was little, okay?” Steve says, and feels his heart skip a beat when Tony cackles into his pillow, all thoughts of sleep forgotten for the both of them. “Oh, like you never did anything like that!”
“No offense to you, Captain,” the reporter says. “But can you honestly sit here and tell me you’d entrust your life to a warmonger—“
” Maria’s voice cuts in before anyone can say anything else, and then moves the camera to capture both of them as she kisses little Tony’s head when he nods. “
Tony feels an unexpected rush of fondness at all the mumbling because, really, it shouldn't be as attractive as it is.
Tony grins in surprise when he sees him again the following morning, and something about seeing all four of them with smiles on their faces makes Steve’s heart beat just a little bit faster for the rest of the day.
This feeling business is not fun in the least, but Tony'll be damned if he's going to let it get in the way of the best thing he's got going for him right now. “Coulson knows I still do my work,” he says. “It’s just child’s play at this point.”
Tony’s eyes flit over to the painting before meeting bright blue ones again. “This is yours?” he asks, reaching out to return the greeting.
“It’s a four hour drive! It’s not like we’re on the other side of the fucking country. How do you get lost?”
“That’s the whole point of a date, handsome. Think you'd be up for it?" Tony asks, and tries to ignore the little part of his head screaming that it sounds an awful lot like he's begging.
This was a drabble for a friend on tumblr, and also in celebration of the SteveTony 10th Anniversary celebration! :D
“So… Steve Rogers, you’ve got my heart, you’ve got every little, broken piece of me. Wanna get hitched?”
Barnes is the first person he sees, knees pulled up to his chest as he sits on a chair of his own and stares at the room they’ve just left.
“Shut up and let me sleep,” Tony whines, even as his cheeks heat up from the fondness in Steve’s voice. Under the veritable mountain of blankets they’re lying under, it feels like they’re in their own little world, and Tony thinks he could definitely get used to it all.
“Oh my god,” Steve breathes, but doesn’t have time to say anything else before Tony strides over to where he’s standing and shoves his tongue down Steve’s throat.
But when there’s no response, she knocks her cuffs against the metal table, chains clinking loudly through the room. “I can do this all day, y’know!” She yells, and then, to Tony and Steve: “I got handcuffed to DUM-E once, when I was four– don’t ask– and, well… let’s just say he ran away from me for months afterward…”
“Isn’t this, y’know, your thing?” Tony waves his hand in the direction of the tent entrance. “Nature, morning, all that shit?”
’– a personal favorite of mine, hope you all enjoyed it. A big thank you, by the way, to everyone out there tuning in to our Golden Oldies hour here on SHIELD-U’s 98.5. I, uh, know it might be a little strange listening to big band when it’s almost midnight, but obviously there’s more than one or two of you listening, otherwise the school would’ve shut me down in a jiffy,” Steve chuckles, and then looks up to see Natasha making a phone sign across the glass.
“Back when I was a kid, we had a neighbor a couple of doors down– Mr. Hoffman, I remember– and one Christmas, he bought a board for the kids in the building,” Steve says, and Tony can tell he’s smiling just by the wistfulness in his voice. “Most of ‘em always liked playin’ outdoors better, though, but I’d spend my afternoons sitting around his table, with him and Mrs. Carmichael from 5C. Sometimes Father O’Malley from the Parish would pop in too, and on my Ma’s day off she’d be sittin’ there next to me, and we… God, we used to have such a riot in there. Bucky dropped by once to see what all the fuss was about, and he didn’t last an hour before he was bankrupt. Hey, Buck!”
But then Tony’s lungs start burning to remind him he’s only human, and he pulls away with a breathy ‘
“No,” Tony shakes his head, absolutely certain that he’s telling the truth. “No one can get their hands on any of it.”
“Okay, fine... I’d have shot you too, you meatball,” Tony grumbles, even as his smile grows to match Steve’s.
“One day... after high school, I--” Tony breathes, “we’ll take a year and get the fuck outta here. Just you and me. We’ll-- we’ll go see the world?” He doesn’t realize he’s crying again until Steve lifts a hand to wipe at his cheeks, and he tastes the salt on his lips. “We’ll go to... to Brazil and China, and the Louvre... We’ll send your mom postcards, and-- and Bucky and Rhodey and Nat and everyone else. Yeah?”
Steve’s grin turns playful. “Y’know, now that I think about it, I was mostly talking about Miss P— I mean, Pepper.”
A burst of warmth blooms in his chest, spreading to every point of his body until his blood is practically bursting with it. He barely registers Natasha leaving the room, and it’s not until Steve’s hand comes up to wipe at Tony’s cheek that Tony realizes he’s crying.
