“Well, it shouldn’t be. You ought to be a complete and utter moron not to have noticed that. And you are not a moron. Well, sometimes you are.” Sherlock said, and before John could reply Sherlock cut him across.
Sherlock exited the bathroom but didn’t close the door. John leaned backwards and saw the profile silhouette of his best friend… and the obvious erection he indeed was carrying. Oh my god, John thought. John felt something within himself bubble from the very core of his body, and before he knew it he was supporting a semi-erect penis himself. Oh my god, he thought again. Mortifying. He stepped out of his clothes, and made sure to climb into the bed while Sherlock was turned away from him. As Sherlock got the DVD started he climbed into the bed and placed himself close to the middle of it. In other words; close to John.
“Nope.” Sherlock said casually, and he realised he sounded as if the whole situation bored him. He knew that he should be more on the edge about this strange situation. Someone obviously wanted to hurt them. But the fact that he was lying here, in a large bed, side by side with John, made his heart beat mysteriously fast. He’d been picturing himself in bed with John several times over the past few years, so often that the daydreaming had become a regular part of his daily visits to his mind palace. He’d reserved a whole area for John, places in which they would finally kiss each other, touch each other, sleep with each other, love each other. And here they were, tied up in a bed together as if caught in a bondage sex dream, although fully clothed.
With those words Sherlock withdrew his fingers and inserted the tip of his rock hard penis. He waited for John to be completely ready and then pushed himself all the way in. The feeling completely overwhelmed him. Yesterday had been so brutal, so violent. This was love making, at least on Sherlock’s side. On John’s side it was probably the lesser of two evils. Sherlock looked down and saw the top of his black pubic hair resting on John’s beautiful arse. He watched as his penis disappeared, then emerge again, with soft, slow paces. He couldn’t believe that he was actually having sex with, making love to, John Watson. John Hamish Watson!
“I was several years in the army without ever lusting for another man. I’ve always dated women. Forgive me for being straight.”
“Hej, hvad kan jeg gøre for jer?” she said, and John only heard a long cavalcade of vowels, just as Sherlock had explained.
“Jeppe Magnussen is the complete opposite of his brother. He works as a meatball chef at IKEA, and that’s about half an hour from here. He won’t be home all day. I’ve had Mycroft check his working schedule.”
“What?! You can’t just jerk off other people, Sherlock! You may have enjoyed participating in raping me yesterday, but this I won’t have.”
“I both saw and felt how your reaction to this was.” John said. Sherlock knew this would be addressed, but he wasn’t ready to handle it just yet. He chose words he’d used before, when he thought he was leaving John forever back in the hangar.
“I feel so humiliated, Sherlock…” John said, and Sherlock could hear that he was, once again, on the edge of tears.
“Hey.” Sherlock whispered, and their eyes connected. Sherlock loved those beautiful eyes. He only wished they wouldn’t look so infected with agony. He didn’t dare speak any more, but lowered his mouth and placed his lips upon John’s in a soft kiss, with which he tried to speak that he wasn’t going to let anything happen to John. To his astonishment, John returned the kiss and they kept on kissing for a whole minute. Then Sherlock felt something hard bounce at his stomach, and then he realised that John was hard too. Thank God, Sherlock thought, moved away from John and placed his hand on the growing erection underneath him. In the same pace as he fucked John he moved his hand up and down John’s penis shaft and after a surprisingly short while he felt his orgasm build up. When John was onboard, at least in the given circumstances, everything felt ten times better. The power of the orgasm was so enormous that Sherlock couldn’t hold back even for a second. It flushed over him like a tide wave and he felt his whole body shaking. As he stopped moving to empty himself into John, he felt the arsehole tighten and spasm around him, and understood that John was having an orgasm as well. This made Sherlock come so hard that he blacked out for a second or two, and when he came to himself after what seemed like light years, he collapsed onto John with all his weight.
“Here.” Sherlock said. They walked up on the front porch and Sherlock whipped out a little pin with which he unlocked the door in a heartbeat.
He took a step away from Sherlock and muttered something about needing new clothes and disappeared up the stairs.
“John. As much as you probably hate that I’m lying here next to you, we are in fact lying here next to one another, and I see no way of escaping at this moment. Will you at least let me comfort you? You know this is not my area of any sorts, but I think the right thing to do for me now is to put my arm around you. Or is that wrong?”
“Erupt with me, John.” Sherlock whispered, and that’s all it took. They both screamed out loud in overwhelming orgasmic pleasure, and John felt his cock squirt fluids onto the expensive sheets. His orgasm felt everlasting, his whole body was on fire, and after something like eternity he finally descended and buried his face deep down in the sheets.
Sherlock turned away. He didn’t want to argue, he didn’t want to cause John any more pain, even though he most certainly was not responsible for it. How could they possibly resume their friendship after this? He didn’t want to think about what he would do if he lost John. He’d probably just stop living. Not die. Just stop living.
“Hotel Royal, tak.” Sherlock answered, and as the taxi driver started the engine, John gaped at Sherlock.
Sherlock took John to a running sushi restaurant in a street called Vestergade. John wasn’t used to eating sushi, but he found it very tasty. Sherlock acted as though nothing strange had happened at all, and that they were still the best of friends they could possibly be. And they were of course. All best friends fight sometimes. They talked about everything, but mostly about Sherlock’s plan to break into Magnussen’s basement. According to Mycroft, there weren’t any indications that Magnussen’s brother, who was called Jeppe Julius Magnussen, was involved in his brother’s former affairs. Apparently he was only holding onto the stuff with the hopes of selling it to the people involved. Easy made money, as Mycroft had said. However, there were still a lot of government secrets there, and Mycroft only knew a little extent of what these were, so he wanted it all collected before Jeppe Magnussen had the chance to selling it to someone.
“My experience in the sexual area is limited to yesterday’s… event, but I’ve read several books on anatomy and I’m quite sure how to work this out.”
The day went by fast. Sherlock took John inside the grand church outside their hotel room, and John found it to be very beautiful. After that they ate at a restaurant down by the boulevard next to an artificially dug out river.
“What? No, I’m not. I just… Christ…” He leaned closer to Sherlock, even though they were seated pretty close already. He put his hand on Sherlock’s.
“Wha – what?” Sherlock realised he’d wandered too far into the John room in his mind palace that he’d forgotten about the real John next to him. In bed.
“Listen, Sherlock… When… or if we get home… We need to talk about things. Just so you know, so that I’m not scaring you or anything, I just want you to know that eh, I’m not interested in… this. We’re trapped, this is a very peculiar situation… I’ve never… I know you just had sex with me to spare me of pain… This is not…. I’m not… you know… And I dunno if you are… or… but, just so you know… This doesn’t interest me, so don’t worry… I’m just saying… Sherlock… But… You’re still my best friend, and we can go back to our lives pretending this never happened, yes? That is if we ever get out of this mess, all right.”
Lestrade shrugged. “The kid’s 16.  A bit young for it, maybe, but not excessively so.  Anyway, she goes over to the uncle’s flat.  Everything looks okay, but the uncle – his name’s Donald McKinsey, by the way – isn’t there.  So she phones in a missing person’s report.  When asked for identifying marks, she mentions that McKinsey’s right hand was amputated decades ago.  Because of the hand, the officer taking the report referred her to me.  I asked her to meet us here.”
Four beers into the evening, Bill Murray peered at John across their glasses of Molson’s and asked, “Are you sure about this?”
“And then brought it to me despite my lack of response. I thought you...”  Sherlock bit his lip.  “George said to give you space.”
Sherlock started to head for the sofa, but John intervened. “Stop right there, Sherlock. If you can make tea...”
He was still inside Sherlock’s pouch when he came down again. His semen was leaking out. Sherlock was dipping his fingers in the viscous mess and, from the feel of it, drawing patterns on John’s back.
“At least I know it’s not you, mate,” Lestrade told John over coffee. “If you wanted to shoot Sherlock, you had plenty of chances before this.”
“Impeccable technique, paired with fiery passion, poetry and sensitivity” sounded like it might do the trick.
And yet with all of this, her voice was calm and sure.  “My name is Sara Dmitrievna Usacheva.  Please, let me see your wound.”
sorcerer had cursed Ivan’s family.  Until last evening, Ivan had never considered that Sherlock might have an agenda of his own or what that might be.
“Victor Trevor was your friend, possibly your lover.”  Ivan saw Sherlock’s eyes widen, but the creature said nothing, so he continued.  “You asked him to help you retrieve your heart.  The attempt failed, he was captured, you escaped.”
,” said Sherlock, who’d apparently decided he was done with this particular corpse for the time being.
After what seemed a long while later, John poked at the drowsy detective in his arms. “Enjoyed or tolerated?”
“The risk was worth it as long as I could believe it was all part of my plan that to find and destroy Muircheartaigh.  But the longer I searched, the slimmer my chances of success seemed.  The forest provided a welcome respite from humanity and I took to spending more and more time there, sometimes going for months without speaking.”
By the time they returned home, John’s arms were aching from his load of books.  Sherlock had refused to carry any in his arms, although he did jam a few smaller volumes into the pockets of his coat.
“Sherlock, you can only swab one nostril,” ordered Lestrade in a matter-of-fact tone.  “Leave the other for Anderson.”
Bracing himself for the pain, Ivan reached for the fiery rope – only to have it dance out of his way.  Instead, it wrapped itself around his body just below his arms and then began to pull him upwards.  There was no pain at all, not from the fire nor even from his shoulder or leg.  He grasped the rope in both hands to take some of the strain off his armpits and tried to help by bracing his legs against the side of the well.
” – glaring at Mycroft – “were going to send him off to be killed.  Except she triggered the Moriarty broadcast, so you decided you still had a use for him after all.  She’s like the little girl on the plane.”
Sherlock himself merely shrugged. “Annoying, but it happens.  I’m far more interested in the communication you received from your ex-husband last evening.”
But as he played Rosamund’s theme, he kept hearing another in his mind.  Lower in pitch, steady, almost plodding at times but punctuated by occasional unexpected runs and percussive notes.  It was John, of course, and in his mind Sherlock could hear how the two wound together.  He’d tried recording himself playing John’s theme and then playing Rosamund’s theme along with the recording, but this was unsatisfactory, didn’t allow for the give and take of two live players.
The water was up to Ivan’s chest when he called for help a third time.  A torch appeared at the top of the well.  He couldn’t see who was holding it.  No, wait, not a torch – a ball of fire, hanging in the air.  A thick tendril of fire, like a rope, began to feed out from the ball, the end getting ever closer to Ivan.  Would it burn his hands if he grasped it to climb?  He had to try.
They finally entered a neighbourhood of blocky high-rise buildings which the driver claimed represented the outskirts of London.  “New buildings,” he explained.  “They built new buildings just for you.”
John wasn’t sure which was more amazing: Sherlock’s almost obsessive interest in arranging the details of the wedding or the fact that he and Mary actually seemed to get along. John watched them together, dark head and blonde bent over seating plans, and shook his head. Truth be told, he felt both relieved and a bit guilty. He himself didn’t give a damn how the serviettes were folded but Mary obviously did – and equally obviously, she needed someone who shared her interest. John would have expected her to draft one of her bridesmegs for this role, but Sherlock seemed to be filling it nicely.
If he had someone to help him... Sherlock. No, not Sherlock, he didn’t want to be responsible for sending Sherlock to the hospital a third time. But Sherlock might be able to contact Bill Wiggins, who’d already proven that he was willing to travel for food.
He was swinging an axe at the trees that blocked his way, fighting to climb the narrow path up the hill, to get to the top of the hill where the flames danced but these were not
He clattered down the stairs and slammed the front door behind him, not caring what Mrs Hudson might think. Let her ask Sherlock Fucking Holmes what had happened.
Lestrade was already barking orders into his phone as they left the hospital. “He’s got three known bolt holes: Parliament Hill, Camden Lock and Dagmar Court.”
In the end, they decided that John’s gun could be returned to its hiding place in the bedroom.  Sherlock accounted for a truly impressive amount of eggs, bacon, tomatoes, mushrooms and toast before abandoning the breakfast table for the sofa and a pile of books and scribbled notes.
“Why?  You’re at least capable of taking a simple message.  The killer will give you a time and place to meet.  Pass the information on to me.”
was my favourite piece when I was a child. I used to dance to it. I wanted to be a dancer when I grew up.”
“What alternative are you suggesting?” growled John. “Because if it’s that I should go out and ‘pick up’ a beta ‘in a club’ – and thanks ever so much for that characterization, Sherlock – then you can...”
Mary looked sceptical. “You’re making the child sound like a sort of vampire, feeding off the mother’s blood.”
They left the tea things in the living room and retreated to the bedroom, where they undressed and curled close together. Sherlock was right. John was so tired that Sherlock’s sunny autumn scent was intensely comforting rather than arousing.
how I thought this conversation would go!  Luck be with you – I hope I may one day greet you as my sister-in-law.”
.  Sherlock had brought John back to 221B, and John had stayed.  Sherlock had done what he could to ease John’s way with Miranda Caustlin, but John had never called her.  Sherlock Holmes, of all people, could not have withstood the growing body of evidence arguing he might eventually, finally trust John with his vulnerable heart.
John smiled ruefully. “Sometimes Sherlock tells me things when I’m not actually there to hear them.”
. At a shadowy figure in a wheelchair with a morphine drip, a figure with a turned-up collar and puffed-up hair.
believe that an omega might love him. Who told an alpha to find “some other good people” – and never counted himself among that number.
Their quarry not being immediately visible, Sherlock waved John towards a table, swept off to the bar and returned with two scotch-and-sodas. “I don’t know how long we’ll be.  If you finish yours, you can start on mine.”
Sherlock returned to his file folder.  So much for telling John what was going on.  Shaking his head, John took the groceries into the kitchen to put them away.
Weasel sneered.  “We were told there’s a single person falsely claiming to be married in order to keep this flat all to themselves.  Unfair
“You know an awful lot about these programs for someone who doesn’t watch them and who doesn’t even own a set.”
“Flatmate needed immediately, central London, all mod cons.  Must be tolerant of sexually adventurous lifestyle.  Willingness to participate a plus.  07623 207080,” John read.
“Die Rhein-Neckar-Zeitung. The fact that the remarks didn’t spread from there to other media outlets – and specifically English-language media outlets – suggests that they may have been quashed.  However, they
,” repeated Sherlock, and clarified his meaning by reaching for the front of Ivan’s trousers.  At first his grip was awkward and his rhythm jerky, but he accepted Ivan’s guidance willingly and became more proficient with surprising speed, improvising new twists and slides that drove Ivan higher and higher until his wings melted in the sun and he tumbled back to earth, crying out Sherlock’s name as he fell.
, and John knew exactly what he wanted of Sherlock in this moment.  He let go of Sherlock to slide to the floor, on knees between Sherlock’s legs.  He looked up.
“Your application is, of course, subject to Committee approval.”  The man smiled blandly.  The smile didn’t reach his eyes.
John was about to follow him when Donovan sidled up.  “It’s one of those arranged marriages, isn’t it?”
The three men were just finishing their tea when the bedroom door opened and out came Mrs Holmes, followed by... Mrs Holmes.
Everything after Lestrade’s call was a bit of a blur. Somehow John found himself sitting in an anonymous waiting room with no clear idea as to how long he’d been there. He’d been assured that Mr Holmes’ next of kin had authorized John to receive all information available
“You grabbed a trained soldier from behind and caught an elbow in the nose, Andreyev,” spat the woman.  “You’re lucky it wasn’t worse.  Now let’s go.”
“It’s recurring, not permanent!  Of course.  That explains why it appears to be more recent in origin than your shoulder injury, although neither is old enough to have been received in Afghanistan.  I’d say three... no, four years ago?”
Rather less gracefully, John staggered to his feet and hobbled after him. He too paused in the doorway to look not behind but forward, where Sherlock lay sprawled across the bed, still fully dressed except for his unbuttoned shirt, now parted to display his chest and throat.
John’s smile was all teeth. “Not personally, no.” Then, like Sherlock, he ran down the stairs and headed out to find a cab.
“In the ensuing fight, Muircheartaigh launched a spell intended to burn out my heart.  I managed to deflect the main force of the spell.  Muircheartaigh’s latest intended victim, whom I’d been trying to shield from the cross-fire, got caught in the path of the deflected spell and died.  And even the weakened effect of the spell was enough to give Muircheartaigh possession of my heart and trap me in my current form.”
On the strength of four days’ acquaintance and a 14-year-old memory, Sherlock had trusted that John was both willing and able to protect him.  And in response to that trust, John had acted without hesitation.  Even now, with the adrenaline in his veins beginning to wear off, John had no qualms about killing Phelps.  He felt worse about lying to Lestrade, not because Lestrade was the police but because he rather liked the man.
“Judging by the height of the writing above ground and the angle at which the marker was held, yes. It could also be an unusually tall woman, however.  The person will likely have red marks down the side of their left hand.  This kind of marker is difficult to wash off.”
“Thank you,” John told the boys, since Sherlock didn’t seem about to.  They grinned and clomped on into the bedroom, deposited their burdens and then stampeded back through and out of the flat.  There was a small shriek from the stairs.
“Ivan Watovich, I have known where you were headed from the day I met you, and I have known that it was not with me, not for long,” she said forthrightly.  “But I hope you’ve explained all this to your family in those letters you hold, so that I won’t have to do it for you!”
“Two,” said Sherlock – and put his hand on John’s shoulder. He left it there as he made eye contact with the other beta.
“Brilliant deduction, genius! Yes, I’m angry! I thought we were keeping Mary’s presence here a secret!”
“I removed the paper with the number on it from your jacket approximately two hours and twenty minutes after you arrived home. If you haven’t noticed it missing until now, your interest in using it was minimal at best...”
“That felt like lying,” said Tyler miserably. Miranda hugged him again.  John took the opportunity to kick Sherlock’s ankle lightly.  Tyler didn’t need a genius puncturing holes in his adolescent logic.
“Yeah, but I handle the mushy solids and soft finger foods. She’s a pretty adventurous eater. Every now and then she gets a bit...”
dye.  Most observers would focus on the ginger hair and pay less attention to other, more subtle identifying characteristics.
John paused.  Was Sherlock attempting innuendo or was he referring to events common in the work he claimed to be married to?  Unable to decide, John settled for, “More tea?  And I’m going to make some toast.”
“Unlikely, since other staff members received them as well. And Wentworth appears to have little motive to be so vindictive.
Dimly, John was aware of the phone ringing, of Mrs Hudson trying to get his attention. Finally he managed to focus on what she was saying.
Mr Holmes was indeed in the living room, but he’d apparently finished with the fire and was making little humming noises as he thumbed through a book. When John handed him a cup of punch (“Ta, lad”), he found himself receiving the book in return.
“That was deeper in a different way, more about a sort of... exclusive emotional commitment.  If I ever met a man for whom I felt the same level of emotional commitment
that your envelope contains access to the right sort of quiet.  And I don’t mean by chemical means, it’s got the wrong sort of feel for that.”
say is that he had been doing so recently and that he obtained some of his information from foreign language sources.”
John inhaled deeply, trying to compose himself.  “Many young Canadian couples don’t bother, not when common-law partnership works well enough for them.  But then we found out she was pregnant.  I was going to contact the UBR embassy, see if I could do something about, er, the previous marriage.”
“Do you find it lonely, living all the way out here?” Ivan asked her.  “It’s a bit far from the nearest town or even village.”
“And then it’s replaced by the chorioallantoic placenta. If I hadn’t already covered this in nursing training, it’s on all the prenatal information sites.”
“Riots in the streets, people shooting.  My husband Joe was one of the ones shooting.  Our son, Joe Jr, he wasn’t ever involved.  I made sure of that.  But he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.  My son’s been gone these 14 years.  Now my husband’s gone too.  So what were these questions you wanted to ask?”
birthday.  The entire bonding process... puzzled me.  I had been asking questions.  The papers were my parents’ response.”
Starving and exhausted, the former slaves had not got very far from the castle.  They’d taken the guards’ gear, but none of it fit well and the chainmail was heavy for weakened bodies to wear.  Only Tyuleneva and another man, introduced as Pasha Svinarnikov, looked as if they might actually know how to use the swords they carried.
“Although to be honest, I’m not sure that Toby’s native tastes are all that much different from her brothers’,” observed Sherlock.  “She simply has more motivation to prove she’s ready for adulthood by emulating her mother and grandaunt.”
“I wanted to stop a criminal and a murderer!  That was my goal from the first.  One of the many things you got wrong was that I offered myself as an apprentice
“Most likely pretending to be an Anglican priest.  Like many other religious sects, the Anglican Church used incense to create a sense of sacred space.”
“Those were a joint effort, dear.  People kept showing up, you see, asking for Sherlock’s help.  But he’s only one man, he can’t do everything himself” – the indignation on Sherlock’s face increased in intensity, but Marfa Hudovna forged blithely on – “and they often weren’t well-suited to handle the sort of thing involved in helping him help
The younger boy snatched his hand away from where he’d been about to shake his brother’s and stuck his tongue out instead.
Mary’s smile was faint and rueful. “I guess I deserved that. Thank you. Thank you both. I, I know this is sudden. And not at all easy.”
“Oh, really?” John waited a moment and then moved suddenly, ending up with Sherlock on his belly and John straddling his back, pinning Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock bucked and writhed to no avail. John leant forward.
Umbrella Man’s lackeys apparently knew Sherlock’s preferences, because an equally pricey-looking pot of honey had been provided along with the jam.  Sherlock reappeared almost 15 minutes later (“Wrong – not more than 13 minutes, 17 seconds”), drank a cup of tea, ate half a piece of toast with honey and then more or less dragged John out the door.
The alpha and beta separated slightly to let her join them, then moved back in close as all three of them traded kisses, caresses, even nips at each other’s necks. If John could have moved from the spot, he would have slipped into the bathroom for a cold shower.
Sherlock would have known who was cheating on his spouse, who was being cheated on, who had lost his job but not yet told his spouse and who was wearing frilly pink pants under his cheap suit.  More to the point, Sherlock would have said so out loud.  There would have been a brawl, John could have punched a few of the fools and then he and Sherlock could have made a run for it together.  That thought was sounding more attractive by the minute.
“Years ago. Possibly a decade or two.” John waited for Sherlock’s scathing comment on his lack of precision.
“I tried.  He wouldn’t listen to me.  Later on, he claimed that he’d had the same suspicions and had been waiting until a more propitious moment to act.  He wouldn’t say how many more deaths he was willing to accept before this ‘moment’ arrived.”
“Or by a rival. It’s a mistake to theorize before all the facts are in. The autopsy will tell us more, and there are people I need to talk to. John, come along. Elderly widows like you.”
“I don’t understand how you can actually be looking forward to this,” muttered Sherlock, just barely audible over the noise of the train.
Sherlock turned to face her. The tension in the air reminded John of American “Western” films in which two gunfighters faced each other alone at high noon.
!” Tyler snarled.  “And then I heard the sirens coming.  And I thought maybe it was the bloody useless ambulance but maybe it was the police, maybe the university people had called the police, and I wasn’t doing Uncle Don any good sitting there, was I?  There was a bin at the back of the alley, I got over the fence, I got out of there and went home.  I didn’t know what else to do.  I’m sorry, Mum, but I didn’t know what else to do.”
The smile flickered out. Mary nodded and slipped out the door. The two men stood listening as she climbed the stairs, opened the bedroom door and shut it behind her.
John smiled and took her hand across the table. “We’re both in the same boat there, aren’t we? No family to speak of, lots of friends. Harry and a free bar are a bad combination.”
“He really did say that.  And... I never lie to pretty ladies.”  Molly looked at John, startled, and then blushed when he gave her a wink before leaving.
She led them down the alley, Sherlock studying the ground and the building walls as they went.  When a man dressed in a coverall appeared from a basement door, Sherlock greeted him with, “Ah, Anderson. Here we are again.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Is there anything still there that you want? If so, I’d suggest you collect it. Then call UrPlace and give them the address. They’ll send a truck and people to haul things. If you prefer, I can arrange to have Wiggins meet them with the key. Give him a chance to catch up with some friends, so to speak.”
“Run!” hissed Sherlock.  John was right behind him as they rounded the corner of the building and found themselves in a dead end, with wooden fences on all sides.  Sherlock took a running jump and scaled the fence that separated Wilson’s building from the one behind it.  He paused at the top, reaching down with one hand.
He found himself in a small anteroom, where Lestrade was pulling on a coverall like Anderson’s.  Sherlock pointed to a pile of similar garments.  “You need to wear one of these.”
It was a clear and promising morning a few weeks later when John awoke – alone, for Sherlock had returned to his usual, horrible sleeping habits. If John woke alone, however, he had not gone to bed that way.  He got to his feet and stretched in the early light coming through the window, feeling satisfied.  Pleased.
“I can feel them shift against my pouch lining every time I move and I can’t stand it, you need to touch them!”
“It’s quite effective under certain circumstances. It certainly worked in this one. Janine made a very strange squealing noise and let me in.”
“I never guess.  I hypothesized that each of the three victims made sufficiently frequent use of BritChat to notice posts targeted at them.”
“What’s mine?” Sherlock watched him without moving but Mary put her hand to her stomach. “Oh, no. Oh,
And so it went.  Alphabetical group by alphabetical group, passengers were assigned to buses.  The only break in the pattern came when, at irregular intervals, one particular individual, couple or family was told to board the London bus.
The next morning, John made two cups of tea, Sherlock drank one and life went on. Life brought other cases, other crime scenes.  Eventually it brought the crime scene at which Sherlock pronounced the apparent break-in and murder to be nothing more than a household accident, boring and a complete waste of his time.  The deceased’s grieving widower took exception to Sherlock’s remarks and attempted to retaliate first verbally and then physically.  Fortunately, John was able to immobilize him and hand him off to Lestrade, who in turn led him off to one side to calm down a bit.
However, this put them at the limit of John’s previous experience with men. They’d discussed blow jobs, but disagreed as to the best way to proceed.  John was adamant that Sherlock should be the first recipient so that they could establish whether or not he enjoyed the experience.  Sherlock was obviously aware that admitting he
John staggered up two flights of stairs, stripped down to his vest and pants and fell asleep almost as soon as his head hit the pillow.
“Piracy and dance. The two did not seem to be mutually exclusive career choices to my childhood self.”
They kissed again and John had to turn his face away because it was almost too much, except then Sherlock sucked on his earlobe and John’s hips bucked up. Sherlock’s own hips were moving constantly, restlessly under John’s hands. John wasn’t sure that Sherlock even realized and if this continued...
Another climb to the second floor.  On the landing they were met with a locked door.  “Interesting.  Better quality lock than the one in the alley.  I’ll need that torch now.”
“Work has no place at a family gathering. We are here because Sherlock is home from hospital and we are
“What was in the glass?” he asked Sherlock, knowing the detective would need no further clarification.
In the torch’s light, the woman was indeed white-haired and elderly.  But she smiled warmly in welcome.  “Then you’d best come in, dear.  Let me show you where you can stable your horse first.”
.  Further experimentation had revealed that Sherlock enjoyed (rather than tolerated) hand jobs and frottage as well as kissing.  Any good scientist will take care to confirm that their experimental results are repeatable.  John felt that he and Sherlock had proven themselves to be very good scientists indeed.
John couldn’t help it. He started to laugh, which set Harry off, and then she started crying again, just a bit, even though she was still laughing.  John handed her more napkins.  She blew her nose, loudly.  Her eyes were even pinker than her hair.
But Mrs Hudson rolled right over him. “You and Sherlock are certainly free to have guests, of course, but I
Andreyev thought he remembered that they were both still speaking a bit when he first arrived at the castle, but that was all he remembered and he wasn’t even sure about that much.
“The Revolution cancelled all debts.  Indentured factory workers and miners, tenant farmers carrying generations worth of debt to their landlords – suddenly they were all free to move.  They moved here.”
Seen through the glass, the contents of the case looked quite different.  The heart on the right was black and shrivelled, its beats jerky and irregular, while the red, healthy heart on the left beat strongly and well.
“I’ll let you practice your lines, then.” With that, Sherlock turned pointedly to stare out the window.
3)	As Sherlock notes, a newly born marsupial uses its forelimbs to pull themselves from its mother’s birth canal to her pouch.  In life as we know it, evolutionary biologists theorize that this would prevent the development of marsupial species in which the forelimbs had evolved into flippers or wings.  Hence the amarsupial bats and sea mammals in this fic.
“If you’d wanted me to keep my eyes closed, you should have kept yours open.  What were you thinking of?  It made you...”
Breathless and grinning, Ivan stumbled a bit as Sherlock set him back down on solid ground, and Sherlock caught his shoulder to steady him and help him sit down.  “Spasibo, Sherlock.  That was amazing!”
“Whatever you were thinking of made you smile,” said Sherlock quietly.  “You started to, ah, masturbate and you looked as if it were hard for you and then your face changed and you smiled and it got easier.”
have called her.  She’d told me she was going on holidays.  I might have been meaning to call her after she got back.  No, let me finish!  Or maybe I
He tried calling for help.  Manya Bocharova’s head appeared at the top of the well.  “What do you want?” she asked.  Considering that the water was now up to his waist, he would have thought that was obvious.  But before he could explain, she shook her head.  “You’re not wearing any clothes.  People will talk,” she said apologetically.  Then she vanished.
“Please come in. Sherlock will be joining us shortly,” said John, smiling at the physicist.  She appeared to be contemplating a spot a few inches below his suprasternal notch.  “Would you like some tea?”
Even remembering the grave look on John’s face as he said this made Sherlock’s throat feel ticklish.
Pretending, he’d meant to add.  But as he spoke he tested his lame leg, putting his weight upon it, and the leg was as sound as if it had never been injured.
, but close.  I had some admiration for him.  He had married, he was to be a father, he had lost both his wife and child.  Myself, I was still a graduate student, just beginning my career.  He seemed to me to be more...  more completely an adult than I had managed to become.”  Foucault gave a dry chuckle.  “The fancies of young men, eh?”
Caustlin glanced at the youth slumped in his seat next to her, apparently engrossed in a study of the floor in front of his chair, and smiled slightly for the first time. “Yes.”
And oh, hell, Sherlock was watching him, deducing his thoughts.  Reading his mind, or as near as made no difference.  It was time for a change of topic, and John seized fiercely onto the first one that came to mind.
Staring out the window as the hired driver took steered the stately vehicle along the lane to the main house, John could see his uncle’s point.  This had once been a grand estate, but overgrown shrubbery and crumbling stonework betrayed the recent lack of maintenance.  When the main house came in sight, John was startled to see that one wing was in ruins – due to fire, judging by the scorch marks on the stone.
Sherlock picked up a spoon, studied it and opened his mouth to speak, but John cut him off. “This wasn’t my idea! Angelo came up with this on his own.”
Betas’ scents generally lacked the sweet tartness of omegas’ or the edged metallic muskiness of alphas’. John’s carrymum had smelled like baking bread.
“Sherlock, if you can tell a good Chinese restaurant by the lower third of the door handle, what do you look for to indicate a good East Indian curry place?”
“I didn’t say I killed him,” retorted Sherlock, petulant now. “I said he died as a result of my actions.  Mycroft persuaded his family to drop the charges by demonstrating that they wouldn’t be able to prove even involuntary manslaughter.
“I can’t keep this child alive on my own once it’s born, John. I might be able to nurse it, but outside of a hospital I won’t be able to keep it warm or help it breathe – and I don’t dare go to a hospital.”
By the time they reached the imperial capital, Ivan had recovered enough to sit a horse for short periods, although his shoulder still pained him and his leg was still lame. He rode at the head of his men into a changed city, where the buildings were draped with mourning black and people muttered together in the streets, making signs to avert evil.
“That. Look, Sherlock, you said the drugs were for a case involving this Magnussen fellow. Is this client part of the same case? Because Mycroft seemed to think you were getting in over your head.”
“So beautiful,” John murmured, stroking Sherlock’s stomach. He kept one hand there, still stroking, as he ran the other back and forth along the pouch slit. He could feel Sherlock tense and then relax again, this time more deeply. Back, forth, back, forth and... in. John slipped his whole hand into the slick, warm tightness of Sherlock’s pouch. Sherlock jerked as if hit by an electrical shock.
“Sorry,” he muttered, and fitted the heart carefully into the cavity in Sherlock’s chest.  For an awful moment its rhythm stumbled, but then it resuming beating steadily.
Sherlock glanced down at the paper. “Miranda Caustlin’s telephone number.  I’ve only ever seen you date women, and you seemed interested.”
John watched them go until Mrs Holmes asked him if there might be more tea. Gratefully, he set about making a fresh pot. “You bought the ticket in your own name,” he hazarded.
It was worse than the bloody crisps because this time, John knew Sherlock was doing it on purpose. He was putting on a show for John, and John... couldn’t look away. Was still staring when Sherlock dipped up a second spoonful – and then handed the spoon to John.
He saw also that Nadya had changed in appearance over the weeks since their escape from Muircheartaigh’s castle.  Worn and weary as she had been when he first saw her, he had gained the impression that she was of some age.  But the meals provided by the magic sack had put flesh on her bones and the salt air put colour in her cheeks.  Ivan saw now that she was younger than he had thought and passably fair to look at, with a straight carriage, a pleasant voice and a quiet manner.
“That’s right. I had a look online. There’s all sorts of designs. We should probably do some research before we buy one. See if I can get a chance to try on different models.”
Their lips met softly at first, like ripe fruit that had to be protected from bruising. The kiss was gentle and sweet and threatened to dissolve entirely into laughter when they both tried to introduce tongue at the same time, resulting in a meeting of the tips.  But then John got a firmer grip on Sherlock’s shirt and tried again.  This time their tongues slid against each other in a slippery, sensuous tangle that begged for further exploration.
“This is quite an improvement over the last time I woke up in bed with you,” rumbled Sherlock.  He didn’t move.  In fact, he seemed quite comfortable where he was.
John was settled into the passenger seat of Lestrade’s car, watching the other man navigate the London traffic, when Lestrade said almost casually, “Look, John, Mary is your wife. I get that. I’ve got two spouses of my own. But police business doesn’t go home, do you understand?”
“I knew Sherlock and his brother as boys,” she began.  “I was head cook in their mother’s household.  The boys were always about the kitchens, Mycroft – that’s the brother – to cadge sweets and Sherlock, I think he was just looking for a place where he could watch people rather than be watched
blood and urine. Neither Mary nor John commented when, shortly afterwards, a bottle of Beta’s Own Multivitamins Plus (“Everything you need when you’re carrying or expecting to carry!”) appeared in the bathroom cabinet.
? Billy Holmes?” John’s nerves got the better of him and he started to giggle. “Does Wiggins know about this?”
He grimaced again, cried out and started to fall. The paramedics rushed forward to help John lower him to the floor. John stepped back and watched as they fitted an oxygen mask to Sherlock’s pale face and got him ready for transport.
Somewhat mollified – although not mollified enough to accept the toast – Sherlock continued.  “Working from this
There was a squeal as the driver slammed the brakes on to avoid a crowd of pedestrians who’d all decided to cross the road at once.  Many of them weren’t even paying attention to where they were going but were instead either talking on or staring at more of those blocky cell phones.
But Sherlock was already striding out the front door.  John hurried to keep up.  At the kerb, Sherlock looked imperiously at the oncoming traffic and waved.  Three cars immediately began to swerve in their direction.  As the fastest driver pulled to a stop in front of them, the other two pulled back into traffic, honking and making rude gestures.
Sherlock actually grinned at him and tried it again, only to stumble when someone pounded on the flat door.
Hamish. John didn’t have to be a genius to know how this would go. Every time they told someone the boy’s name, that person would coo and say how
Another pause, which lengthened.  Finally, Sherlock said quietly, “His name was Victor Trevor.  He was... a friend.  Well, I say a friend...”
The last thing John remembered before he drifted to sleep was the press of Sherlock’s lips against his own.
At this the guards demanded that Ivan give them the ring that they might examine it more closely, but Ivan refused.  “It’s as much as my life’s worth to surrender this ring to anyone, for the tsar gave it to me himself!”
“You let me know when you find out, Johnnie!”  Bill’s brief attempt at jocularity died swiftly.  They sat drinking in silence for a few moments.
“The only reason I would invite Bill Wiggins to my parents’ house would be if... Oh!” Sherlock brightened. “I could have him serve everyone punch laced with knockout drugs so that I could abscond with Mycroft’s laptop!”
Not everyone enjoys amateur evolutionary biological whimsy, so I've given my attempt a chapter all its very own.  No major plot points.
“Do you know if it would it be possible to get access to all such forms signed in the mid-1970s? Say, from 1973 to 1977?”
“You’re right. No offense, darling, but you don’t always say the right sort of thing. I’ll take care of it.”
Left alone, Sherlock sniffed himself and looked disgusted. “I have a meeting in three hours. I need a bath.”
“We thought he had died on the table. He’d flatlined. We were getting ready to sign off. And then... His heart monitor blipped. And did it again and then again and we got back to work and were able to stabilize him. Dr Watson, I’m a doctor and a scientist. I don’t believe in miracles, but what happened in that operating room...”
She thrust the scrap of paper at the driver, who scowled as he took it.  “Baker Street?  That’s right the centre of the city!  It’s at least another hour, with the traffic and all.  I’m not taking him, I’m due to go off-shift.”
Sherlock was as stunningly beautiful in this form as he had been as a bird.  Even more, his human shape was
“Hold your hand around the base to control how much you take in,” said Sherlock, far too coherent by half for John’s liking. He bent forward and kissed the tip of Sherlock’s cock, tasting bitter-salt pre-come, then licked a broad stripe upwards along the vein.  Another couple of licks, and then John Watson took his lover’s cock into his mouth and sucked.
Baker Street proved to be a street of nice-looking older residential buildings, almost all of which had more recently sprouted shops on the ground floor.  The driver manoeuvred the bus up to the kerb and opened the door.  “Here we are, 221B.”  He hopped out, John following more slowly.
John doggedly carried on. “You know what?  It doesn’t matter.  You can’t just have people’s things moved...”
“You mean stalked him. Look, John, do you honestly see Sherlock Holmes letting himself by stalked by the likes of Anderson? Sherlock would either tell him off or – more likely – set him on a false trail to, I dunno. Big Ben, maybe.”
“Neither is Sherlock, or haven’t you realized that by now?  Perhaps he’s right to think that you’re just too stupid to understand how badly he’s betrayed you.”
“An accurate summary,” intoned Sherlock. He settled into his chair with his legs outstretched, his hands together and his fingers to his lips.
Mary looked at him, eyes dancing, and John felt his face warm. “Or at least he looked that way from the other side of the room.”
But they’d gotten better at this, at everything really. John wanted the chance to get better yet. He wanted to pat Sherlock’s arse when he was eighty and embarrass their children. He wanted everything Sherlock was willing to give. The pleasure that Sherlock was giving him right this moment was just the beginning.
“In fact, body weight in general is limited in amarsupials, at least in land-bound species. For any species, the mother has to be able to carry her own weight
John reached for him, but Sherlock stepped away. “You’re still over-dressed,” he pouted. “Or don’t you know yet that I enjoy looking at you too?”
He’d never asked. His best friend had been away two years and John had never thought to ask where he’d been or what he’d done. Or what he’d had done to him. John had caught glimpses of Sherlock’s back both while he’d been in the hospital and after he’d come home. And John had treated men in Afghanistan who’d been captured and tortured.
Practicing medicine in a war zone had reinforced John’s innately practical nature. If he couldn’t have Sherlock Holmes as a lover, he could still appreciate this remarkable man as a friend and partner in crime (very occasionally) and in solving crime (much more often).
Sherlock looked up from the menu.  “Three years ago I successfully proved to Lestrade at the time of a particularly vicious triple murder that Angelo was in a completely different part of town, housebreaking.”
“Indeed. Her questions and demands were interminable.  When I could finally get away, I ran to Victor’s room.  He...”  And here Sherlock stopped, with a look on his face such as John had never seen.
“That’s...” part of the problem, John thought. “That’s irrelevant.  I wasn’t simultaneously causing you harm!”
“They say they don’t remember seeing anyone, but then again, they were focussed on their patient. I can have someone go through the CCTV footage, though.”
“...leapt onto the stage and just took it over.  After that, it was his stage, no matter who else was on it.  I’d never seen a man move like that before.  Those tights...  I could see the muscles flex in his legs, his, well, arse.  I guess I was staring at his arse.”
He spread his bedroll and supped on bread and cheese that Misha had given him for the road, washed down with a skin of kvass.  He didn’t fear to sleep, for his habit was to sleep lightly.  He knew that Bezimyan would whicker and wake him at the first scent of an intruder.  So he laid his sheathed sword alongside his bedroll, then lay back and began to count the stars until sleep should claim him.
“Yes, Dr Watson. Everything was going well, we thought.  The colour reversal was already proceeding, although slowly, over the course of several days.  But Donald complained of pain in his wrist.  We did not realize at first.  We thought, the muscle tissue.  But x-rays revealed that the bone was heavily corroded – and that the corrosion was spreading.  It was necessary to amputate the wrist for to save the arm.  Donald was... angry.  Angry and shocked.  We were all shocked.  The research project was discontinued after this.”
“Completely. I’ve carried two – in my pouch, of course – and it’s like they’re part of you. I don’t think either of my spouses would have gone for wearing a carrier themselves, though.
The way he stood emphasized the bump that Madeleine made on his abdomen. Suddenly, John was aware that they had the entire flat to themselves for the first time in
“For you, always.” Mr Holmes held the door for her, then dropped John and Sherlock a wink before he closed it behind himself.
Sherlock had bought him a mobile phone?  That was... unexpectedly considerate.  And unless British etiquette was quite different from Canadian in this regard, it wasn’t the kind of gift one would buy for a casual acquaintance who was only staying a few days.
,” Sherlock snarled.  Then he threw the mobile at John, who was still mostly asleep and managed to catch it on pure reflex.
“He’s been stalking me, you mean. Aren’t police officers meant to put a stop to that sort of thing?”
John startled and then cursed himself.  No way his interrogator hadn’t caught that reaction.  “Nothing.  Ask CSIS.”
It was only when Sherlock shifted slightly that Ivan realized he’d fallen into a reverie, staring at Sherlock’s heart in his hands.
“Why didn’t your brother appeal to...  Does London have a tsar?  A king?  Who runs your government?”
“Oh, he doesn’t. You should have heard him whining! I had to listen to it all the way back to London.”
“Him and enough tea to float the Navy, that’s what’s been here,” she retorted.  “You bring that tray and pot back downstairs yourself, young man.  My hip’s had more than enough of these stairs for one evening!”  With that, she made her way out again.
“At fifteen, you apprenticed yourself to a sorcerer whom you suspected of being a murderer in order to get more information?  Sweet gods, Sherlock, why didn’t you tell your brother of your suspicions and let him deal with it?”
Sherlock shrugged. “Obvious. So I suggested Wiggins, waited until John had handed over the keys the evening before and then went out that night while John was asleep to have a look before everything was cleared out the next day.” He preened, proud of himself.
“Hand me the case, Sherlock,” said Ivan in a low voice as he sheathed his sword.  “Keep your eyes on Muircheartaigh, but reach back and hand it to me.”  The stones of the tower rumbled beneath him as he spoke.  He could feel a fine tremour in the floor through his boots.
.  John couldn’t have shared this himself, but he might understand it.  Mycroft?  Sherlock doubted it.
“Oh, you’re so wrong, my dear,” Muircheartaigh crooned.  “Watching you realize how wrong you are is going to be fun, but watching our Vanechka realize the truth is going be
“I’m not eating.  You are.  If I don’t want to listen to you whinging while we’re breaking in, I need to feed you now.”
Finally becoming a bit tired of it all, John decided to try humour instead. “I don’t know what you’re complaining about,” he remarked one evening at supper. “I’m the one who hasn’t got any new clothes. I’m feeling a bit left out!”
“...wrote Dobrieuzi’s equation on the whiteboard and began smashing whatever he could. His grandnephew was unable to stop him.”
“...and very likely non-existent. Besides, she’s not dangerous enough for you,” finished Sherlock.  A moment later, he added, “Why are you staring at me?”
“Nothing I’ve seen or heard in London frightens me,” replied John, equally low.  “That includes you and everything you’ve said.”
When he smelled smoke, he thought at first he was still dreaming.  Then he woke more completely to discover that dusk was setting in.  Someone had got a campfire going.
John’s phone eventually gave up the ghost entirely, forcing him to venture out with the goal of buying a new one. He was promptly confronted with a bewildering array of styles, features and prices. Frustrated and tired of the entire process, he was just about to pick the least expensive one and try to get a salesclerk to notice him when a voice behind him said, “Oh, no, I can’t let you buy that. That would be, well, criminal.”
“That’s all right, for I haven’t brought you anything to eat,” replied Ivan equably.  He watched with some pleasure as Sherlock spun around so fast that he almost fell off the rail.  It had not been easy for Ivan these past couple of months, knowing that Sherlock lived but nothing else about how he might fare.
It had hardly been two weeks after the Lisle Street incident – which had been resolved gunlessly by the time John arrived – that John came home from the clinic only to have Sherlock pounce on him the moment he walked in the door.
that it’s time for you to realize that you can’t go running off on cases anymore – not now and not for several months after the child is born. It doesn’t seem to have occurred to you that carrying a child isn’t some kind of sexy game. You’re not dragging
He lay awake in bed that night, staring at the ceiling, trying to work it out. How does one find Sherlock Holmes in London?
Sherlock shrugged when John mentioned this. “She’ll have made up some sort of story that purports to explain anything out of the ordinary that she’s noticed. People do that all the time. Since she’s undoubtedly
“Because you’re going to like what I have in mind.” John gave Sherlock his very best cheeky grin, and Sherlock reluctantly budged. John settled himself against the headboard, spread his legs and patted the space between them. “Come on... No, not that way, back towards me.”
Captain, eh? John filed that tidbit away for further consideration and reached for Sherlock’s flies.  He paused to make eye contact again with Sherlock, then unzipped the other man’s trousers.  The clinging black silk pants left little to John’s imagination as he nuzzled the erection underneath, lapped at it with his tongue, blew on the damp silk.
John was hiding behind his newspaper, thinking of going for a walk despite the weather, when Sherlock’s phone rang. Sherlock continued to saw away at his fiddle. A moment later
“We’ll know a lot more once we... Ah!”  Sherlock dashed out of the alley.  John and Lestrade looked at each other, then followed – down the street, around two corners, down another street and up an alley that would have seemed to have no chance of connecting with the first one except that it took two sharp right turns.  Trying to keep to the alley’s wall so as not to destroy any tracks, they found themselves wading ankle-deep through trash and what John seriously hoped was only mud.  Twice they had to cut around what appeared to be the remains of temporary cardboard shelters.
“Ha!” said Mike after Newbold had left.  “Are you up for a bit of paperwork?  Nothing like striking while the iron’s hot.”
she had a dislocated shoulder. Her curses were loud, creative and addressed to all parties present, George included. Sherlock provided a rasping counterpoint, insisting that he needed immediate medical care for his throat.
Sherlock, still focussed on the newspaper, did not move. Mycroft’s face betrayed nothing, but John couldn’t help his own sharp intake of breath. Mrs Holmes noticed immediately.
“Lestrade was promoted because he has a higher solve rate than any other DI on the force. That’s because of me, of course. That’s why he likes me.”
“Your height is your problem, tall, dark and gangly. Omegas have lower centres of gravity than male betas, let alone alphas. We’re more stable.”
Sherlock’s voice lanced across the room. “Of course they’d be different.  One of us would have to sleep on the sofa.”
The Prospect of Whitby was pleasantly busy rather than over-crowded.  John ordered a pint of the beer with the most wear on the tap handle, paid for it and planted himself at the bar, keeping one eye on the door and the other eye on Sherlock.  Sherlock was further down the bar, talking with a man who looked a bit like a younger Christopher Lee.  He was about Sherlock’s height but with a heavier build, dressed in a dark trousers and a coat whose high collar recalled a cassock.
“Instead you just let them drift off until they sound no more than ‘vaguely familiar’ and you have to resort to asking others to ascertain the details.”
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” growled Sherlock. He stepped forward to meet John, their erections bumping and sliding together as they kissed again.
“Cars are cheap,” explained Sherlock.  “Petrol less so.  Almost anyone in London who’s invested in the first is willing to take passengers to pay for the second.  Next question?”
Ivan waited, but nothing more was forthcoming.  “Did he come from the same land as you?  I’ve heard the name Viktor before but Trevor is as foreign as Holmes and Sherlock.”
Sherlock stirred at that, but remained silent.  The question echoed throughout the hall, but the echoes died away unanswered.  Perhaps Sherlock had no answer.  Ivan stared across the pool at the creature and thought, my sword lies two feet behind me.
“That’s enough!” John bellowed.  “I’ve had a long and tiring trip, I’ve been carted around like a piece of baggage and for reasons I don’t understand, people keep telling me that there’s no room for me anywhere in London except this flat.  I’ll get that straightened out tomorrow and be out of your hair.
, these young megs living on the streets and getting into trouble and having nowhere to turn. I just hope that you and Sherlock have thought this through completely. There’s such a risk of the child being born with an addiction or fetal alcohol syndrome or some such thing! Well, you’re a doctor, I’m sure you’ll know how to handle it. Do let me know if you’d like me to babysit. Not all the time, mind you, but I wouldn’t mind once in a while. And I
“Is this the time and place for something that makes you stutter like a twelve year old school girl?”
“Now. Mr. Holmes. Please take off your trousers.” Morris said, gun pointing at Sherlock. Sherlock hesitated, because he knew what this action would reveal, and John would probably never forgive him. Never forgive him for being turned on by John’s humiliation. Still, with a gun to his head, Sherlock had no choice but to obey, and he started unzipping his trousers. Morris spoke as Sherlock undressed.
“The only thing I got from that exchange was that this is the elevator.” John said, half laughing, half still shocked by Sherlock’s linguistic skills.
“I’m sorry, John.” he said and then pushed himself violently into John’s tight, oh god, so hot, warm and sexy, arsehole. John screamed in pain, but Sherlock knew that he had to continue. He cursed himself for being so very well equipped that John was hurting, but he knew that the pain would eventually stop, and he was determined to make this feel okay for John too. After a while, during which John had let out several screams, Sherlock felt John’s inside grow softer and wetter, and he knew that the pain had subsided. And, God help him, this felt so immensely good. He felt like he was going to burst from the sensation alone, and for the first time during the act he dared open his eyes. John was still lying with his face turned against the wall, and Sherlock saw a tiny tear emerge from his eye. This made Sherlock’s insides feel like they were being ripped apart by scissors. He didn’t want to be the reason for John’s pain and humiliation. He bent down, turned John’s face with one of his hands, the other keeping him steady and still pushing in and out of John in the required intensity.
“I won’t say anything to anyone that might compromise your integrity as a straight man. I know how utterly and irreparably heterosexual you are.” Sherlock said, sounding even more serious. John clinched.
They both went into the bathroom, which was a beautiful one, decorated with roses and painted art. John felt like stepping into a romantic movie, but he knew better than to say this to Sherlock. There was only one sink in the bathroom and John, being the shortest, stepped closest to it and started brushing his teeth. John could see in the mirror Sherlock getting undressed down to his black underwear only. This was hardly the first time John had seen Sherlock in his underwear, but somehow this time it made him completely forget about time and space. He just stared at Sherlock, mouth almost open, and it wasn’t until Sherlock addressed him that he re-emerged back to normalcy.
And just as the words left his mouth, a door in the opposite corner of the candles opened, and a man entered. He was quite tiny, perhaps the same size as John, and the flickering candle light presented some of his features; a man in his late thirties, scarred face, former soldier, but no signs of recent performed duty.
Ivan began to tear pieces off one of the loaves and hand them out.  “Easy, easy now.  Chew it thoroughly.  There’s plenty more.”
Somehow John ended up in a cab with Sherlock heading back to Baker Street while Mary drove Isaac Whitney and Bill Wiggins home, although whether or not Wiggins actually had a home was a good question. Then once they arrived at Baker Street, Mycroft and his minions were there and John’s chair wasn’t.
, John,” he said, his eyes locked on John’s. “All you’ll see is my belly looming over you. You’ll hardly be able to breathe with the weight of our child on top of you, but I’ll ride you and ride you and ride you...”
“I might at that.  Finish your kvass and rest a while, I’m not throwing you out.  But when you’re ready to leave, take this sack of unground rye and ride along the northern branch until you come to the village of Svyatoy Varfolomeyevsk.  When you get there, ask for Mariya Tobyevna Bocharova.  Give her the sack of rye and listen closely to what she says.”
Sherlock was out when John got home. Since he was supposedly in the know about the package and its contents, he had no hesitation in tearing it open. It proved to contain... Omega maternity clothes? Loose-waisted trousers, tops that needn’t be tucked in, all in strong or dark colours or shades of white.
She stared at him a moment in silence, then began to play again.  At first he thought it was another variation on Rosamund’s theme, but no.  There was intelligence and curiosity here, but no bubbling laughter.  Instead, the music soared into runs of notes that sparkled like crystals of high-quality cocaine before falling away into almost monotone depths.  Again, it soared, seemed to stumble, then fell, and each time it fell, there was nothing that promised it would rise again.  Each fall was potentially final.
“You come see me when you’re better rested and we’ll talk about laying charges. Here.  This is for you.”
John made a mental note as to the club’s name and address. He hadn’t found himself interested in dating since Mary’s departure, but if he ever got back into it, this would be a nice spot to bring someone.  This evening, however, he and Sherlock were here on business.  Sherlock had explained during the cab ride that he was trying to contact a certain tall, ginger gentleman known to spend time at this particular club.
Soldiers learn how to pack efficiently. Even with John’s winter clothes, there was still room in the duffle. He threw in some toiletry items as well, then tried to think what else he might want. His RAMC mug, definitely. And his laptop! The latest set of medical journals he hadn’t quite finished with yet. And a few reference books he might want while reading... Actually, that was most of his books. He’d might as well bring the whole lot.
Molly covered the corpse’s face again and stammered, “There’s chairs in my office. I mean, to sit on.  If you want to.”
Mrs Hudson sat down at the table with a cuppa of her own and looked at the bag. “There’s this to be said for marrying a criminal, dear. They
“You said it yourself, John.  The killer is someone they think they can trust.  All of the messages posted on BritChat used pseudo-religious language to remind the victims of a past transgression and suggest that the person posting the messages could offer assistance.”
John stopped to lay a hand on his daughter’s grave before he left. There was room for one more grave beside the child’s.  His, probably, some day.
“It wasn’t my fault he died,” yelled Tyler. “It was the fucking paramedics!”  And he burst into tears.
“I don’t mean that betas shouldn’t be able to do all sorts of jobs,” Mary replied somewhat cautiously. “But there’s no arguing that they have a harder time than alphas and omegas. It’s an out-dated attitude, but not one that will change overnight.”
Afterwards, he grabbed a couple of coffees and went down to the morgue to see if Molly might be there. He didn’t get a chance to talk with her as often as he had in the old days, when he went out on cases with Sherlock more frequently.
“We figure he was shot somewhere else and then dumped. The last one was,” said Lestrade defensively.
Sherlock explained as they ran down the stairs, both wearing T-shirts, with John in jeans and Sherlock in pyjama bottoms. “She and I built a warning device. I installed it for her.”
Ivan took it and turned to go, but stopped at the door when he realized that Sherlock didn’t seem to be following.  Instead, the creature was going around the chamber, touching the hangings with his wingtip.  Wherever he touched, bright flames bloomed.
It almost worked.  Ivan managed to grasp Muircheartaigh’s ermine stole, only to have the stole slip from the sorcerer’s shoulders when Sherlock landed more or less on top of them both.  Muircheartaigh wriggled free and sprang back, his hands raised in a warding gesture.  Ivan’s thrusting sword slammed into an invisible wall, hard enough to make his shoulder ache.  Both he and Sherlock froze as Muircheartaigh, panting, began to smile – and then stopped and sniffed the air delicately.
Sherlock sniffed. “Nor should you be. You’ve displayed an abysmal level of observational skills, even for you.”
.  Not my thing, I suppose, although it would have helped if he’d been more open about telling me what he needed.”
Sara and Svinarnikov, who had also arrived at Muircheartaigh’s castle by horse, were confident that if they travelled west, they would come upon a road that would take them to a seaport.  West they all headed, with varying degrees of enthusiasm, but they made slow progress.  The pale, silent man would not move unless tugged along by his companion.  The madwoman, on the other hand, was likely to strike out at any moment in random directions if not watched carefully.
As the tsarevich rested and healed in his chambers, his men went abroad and returned with news.  Rumours swirled through the streets of the capital like clouds of noxious, oily fumes and escaped the city gates to spread across the countryside.  The nobles were restless.  The common folk were scared.
He heard his own voice crying out, a single word – a name? – but couldn’t make out what it was.  And then a different voice called...
“Yoo-hoo! Boys?  Oh, John, you’ve come!  Let me just get...”  Mrs Hudson was still talking as she vanished into her kitchen.
John, approving of the tact with which Sherlock had let the boy down, was taken aback when Sherlock then added, “John, you’re a doctor.  Any particular specialty?”
To the laughter of the guards, he limped clumsily through the gates, carrying the rosefinch with him.  Once inside, they all moved into the shade cast by the wall.  Ivan tried to keep himself between the guards and the wall at all times, that their backs might be to the main door of the keep and that they would not see anything that transpired there.  He need not have bothered, however, for the rosefinch flew off across the courtyard and in through one of the keep’s narrow windows.
Dinner was splendid. This didn’t prevent Sherlock from picking at his food. Mrs Holmes cornered John in the kitchen afterwards and bestowed several containers of leftovers on him.
The simple meal seemed to have sent everyone into a stupor.  Ivan found himself drifting off as well as the battle fever that had carried him this far began to ebb.  Asleep, he dreamed of apples and horses and jam – comfortable, homelike things, and yet something was missing.  He couldn’t remember what, but its absence made all comfort hollow.
“He wanted to refinance the mortgage on the house. It’s still in both our names, so he needed my consent.”
John thought of the perfectly nice cheese sandwich waiting for him in his desk drawer with regret. “Lunch it is.  Half past noon?”
“I tried phoning Uncle Don, but there was no answer. It was already getting late, so I didn’t think much of that one way or the other.  Then I phoned Angela and told her not to bother going in the next day, I would go myself.  And I asked Tyler if Don had been there on the days he’d gone in.”
“The bungled arrest and Muircheartaigh’s escape had unpleasant repercussions, especially concerning my somewhat unofficial role.  The parents of the victim, Carl Powers, were all the more furious because he’d been only thirteen years old.  They claimed that I’d actually caused his death and demanded retribution.  My brother used my own youth as an argument to get them to accept a monetary payment in lieu of my imprisonment.”
Sherlock gazed back at him, trying for innocent and missing it by a mile. John couldn’t have said who started laughing first. It hardly mattered because by the time Angelo came back to take their orders, they were both laughing hard enough that two of the candles had been blown out.
“As things turned out, I was able to expose her more quickly than she’d expected, before she had any confirmation of pregnancy to offer. You moved back into Baker Street, at least temporarily. At this point Mary was still holding onto the possibility that she might be pregnant.”
And consider the fact that we distinguish ourselves from marsupials as placental mammals even though marsupials do have placentas, albeit not as highly developed as ours.  Thus from marsupial!Sherlock’s POV, our placentas are hyperplasic.  Yeah, I stole that term from my oncologist.  Hear me: I regret nothing.
“John,” Sherlock interrupted.  “I’m well aware that the circumstances of our marriage were hardly conducive to fidelity.  Furthermore, I’ve always considered my
“Stop repeating me and think.  Or rather, observe.”  They re-entered the sitting room, where John stared at the desk.  Paper, pens, a stapler, a coil of postage stamps...
,” and John wasn’t sure whether the order came from Sherlock or from his own body. He thrust helplessly against that lean and muscular leg, again and again. The height difference meant that he couldn’t return the favour but Sherlock was rutting against John’s stomach, against John’s
Dr Dobrieuzi’s work.  We’re poised to take the next step forward, revealing not just how wristbands change colour but
. Gypsy, in French. The work doesn’t use any authentic Romani melodies, though. It’s written in what Ravel perceived to be the general style of such melodies.”
John frowned. “Don’t take this the wrong way, but that hardly sounds like a ‘one’.  I’m surprised you didn’t turn Lestrade down.”
“When the police arrived, the first thing they had to do was to get people off the beach, as the tide was coming in.”
“They’re still eating... Oh!  Here we go.  She says she’s feeling dizzy.  He sounds alarmed.  She’s standing up...  Chair fell over...”
“Usacheva said bring you back to camp.  She didn’t say anything about going for a stroll first,” argued Tyuleneva.  Andreyev nodded, one hand still held over his nose.
“No, I didn’t ‘really’ need to relieve myself.  There was a private office further down the corridor.  Locked door but a common type of lock, easy to pick.  And since Mrs Antonelli had already dismissed me as an idiot, she didn’t bother keeping an eye on me.”
Sherlock unhooked his claws, jumped lightly to the floor and reached into the opening in the wall, pulling out a small metal case.  This too was locked.  Sherlock examined the lock briefly as more masonry collapsed somewhere else in the keep.
Campbell-Williams frowned. “You think that he’s come all this way to London to ask for money and have me tell him ‘no’ in person?”
John sighed. At least Harry sounded reasonably sober this time.  “Hello to you too, Harry.  What’s up?”
Campbell-Williams gave John a puzzled look as he choked back a laugh, but extracted a pen from her pocket and scribbled the required information.
Caught by surprise, none of them yet ready to risk open defiance, the high nobility complied, although some with more grace than others.  Those who could, travelled to the capital for the prestige of swearing their oaths to the tsar in person.  The trickle of first arrivals swelled to a flood over the next several days.
John went.  He was leaving footprints on the sand.  Was the tide coming in or going out?  Had he left footprints in the alley?  Sherlock would know.  Sherlock would take care of it.  All John had to do was to follow orders.
make... Reality condensed down to two indisputable facts: the pleasure she gave him and the pleasure he strove to give her.
“Perhaps. But as you’ve probably guessed, I obtained Magnussen’s schedule from Janine. That’s why I expected him to be absent from his office and flat that evening. And yet he wasn’t. Did Janine warn him? Was the security guard supposed to apprehend me after she let me in?”
Ivan woke early, while it was still dark.  He dressed carefully in a clean shirt and trousers, but left aside his surcoat and sword, for he would not be travelling far.  He retrieved the case with Sherlock’s heart and feathers from his saddlebags.  When he went down to the kitchen, Marfa Hudovna was already at the stove.
The driver laughed.  “Do you have reservations?  No?  Then you won’t be getting a room at any hotel, not without Committee connections, which I know you don’t have since you’ve just got here.  We’re almost to Baker Street anyhow, I might as well take you the whole way.”
“Law-abiding citizens with good dental hygiene are annoying,” commented Sherlock, perfectly straight-faced. Hell, John thought, this was Sherlock.  He might even be serious.
“I’ll be busy with Muircheartaigh.  If you can’t fight them, do something else.  Talk to them – you people do that.  You spend absurd amounts of time talking about all sorts of useless things.”
Somewhat to John’s surprise, she tilted her chin up and allowed Sherlock to sniff. Then Sherlock turned to John. “It’s yours.”
“Well, then,” said Sara, her eyes sparkling, “I can certainly meet with her to see what might be done.  If I fail, hmmm, I think that Svinarnikov might at least know several hangover cures.”
It turned out that Sherlock’s interest in urban beekeeping was genuine. Books on beekeeping and issues of
This was how John ended up having breakfast in 221A along with Mrs Hudson, her niece, Marie Turner, and Marie’s three children: Billy, 16, Archie, 12, and Octobria-called-Toby, 10.
“He’s been ordering me around as if I were his housekeeper, that’s what he’s been doing!”  Both men turned to look as Mrs Hudson made her way up the stairs with a tea pot, cup and saucer on a tray.  “First he wants tea, then biscuits.  Now it’s more tea!”
his words sinking in, they were absorbed so slowly. Finally Sherlock kissed the tip of John’s nose and stood up, staggering a bit. His close-fitting trousers hid nothing.
His face started to crumple.  He took a deep breath and finished, “To go with her.  In the end.”  Then he turned his face away.
Greg’s gold wristband glinted in the dim light of the pub as he returned from bar with two pints. He handed John’s off and took a long swallow his own before even sitting down.
A chill ran down Ivan’s spine.  “You think he’s bespelled me to come to him.”  He remembered the morning he left the capital and his decision to ride east simply because east felt like the best way to go.  The north wind was cold, there was war in the south.  Why not go east?
“So to save your own life, you not only escaped the hospital but then also ran all over London and almost killed yourself doing so. Right. That makes loads of sense.”
He took the bow from its case, rosined it, picked up the violin, checked the tuning, made minute adjustments.  He began to play Rosamund’s theme.
Suddenly weary, John sat at the kitchen table. Mary handed him his mug and then sat down with her own.
Greg shrugged. “A lot of blokes do that.  Except usually it’s body parts attached to attractive women.”
“Irene? It can’t be. She’s...” – oh hell, Sherlock didn’t know the truth – “...er, in a witness protection program in America.”
There was, eventually, a funeral, a small graveside affair arranged by Mycroft. John attended, because there was no one else really and because he’d loved her once.  Sherlock and Greg both showed up, although he’d asked neither of them and in fact hadn’t told them the date or time.  The location was obvious enough.  Mary was buried next to their daughter.  Whatever her real name had been, her gravestone read “Mary Morstan Watson, 1974-2016.”
“We should...” he began, only to realize how dry his mouth had become. He swallowed and licked his lips.  “We should continue this in a bed.”
“Let alone checking behind bins for overshoes used to mask footprints,” John replied drily.  “Obviously
,” replied John in his best imitation of Sherlock’s posh accent, taking another forkful of salad and enjoying Sherlock’s eye roll as he munched.
“Answer me this if you will, Mr Holmes. Prior to Dr Watson’s marriage, had you ever attempted to discuss his ‘obsession’ with him?”
John grinned. “Impatient, are we?”  But he pulled the garments down around Sherlock’s ankles.  He pressed a kiss on the inside of Sherlock’s upper thigh and then considered the cock in front of his face, the blood red glans already emerging from the foreskin.  To be honest, it seemed larger from this angle than it had when he’d given Sherlock hand jobs.  But John had invaded Afghanistan.  He wasn’t about to back down now.
Marie pouted slightly and rolled her eyes at John once Mrs Hudson’s back was turned.  John had to wonder exactly who Mrs H was warning off whom.  He turned to the Marie’s daughter instead, smiling.
Tyler seemed puzzled by the question. “You know, about labs.  Like the stuff in them and what it’s used for.”
“Mostly we watched telly. Uncle Don liked the news channel.  And he had this old desktop, he’d use it to access news sites, even foreign ones.”
“That will do.”  And with no more warning, he grabbed the cord around Ivan’s neck that held the tsar’s signet ring and began to tow Ivan towards the table by it.
Sherlock watched him steadily.  John was suddenly aware of how close they were sitting, together in bed in a darkened room.  And he was aware of how open he’d left himself.  He’d started out to tell about being thirteen and watching the dancer.  It was a good, funny story if a bit embarrassing.  Instead, somehow...  What he’d just told Sherlock, he’d never told, never thought to tell anyone.  And yet, he hadn’t thought twice before telling Sherlock.
“One moment, gospozha,” said Ivan.  His voice was not quite steady.  “You have the advantage of me.”
“...and in the past four years, beginning to move towards presumably blissful domesticity.  If you’re looking to continue that pattern of behaviour, Sherlock Holmes is the wrong choice of companion.”
“Pheromones?” offered Lestrade. Both John and Campbell-Williams turned to stare at him.  “I read this magazine article...”
“Why didn’t you come to me in the first place?” Sherlock asked with some anger. “I would have taken the case.”
John looked. About his own age, handsome rather than pretty, with straight, dark hair that fell to the freckled shoulders her dress revealed generously.  Black band around her wrist and, when she glanced his way, dark eyes.
“This is more elaborate than the set-up he’d need for repair.  If I’m not mistaken, Wilson designed and created his own pieces as well.  Yet according to the police report, the only items for sale in his shop were unredeemed pledges.”
be able to call around to see if other doctors would cover his shifts when Sherlock bit off, “Fine,” and left in a swirl of coat.
“Yes, but I won’t use it unless I find something worthwhile.  There’s a risk of the light being seeing, and the London light pollution provides enough illumination for a general look around.  Don’t touch anything, you’re not wearing gloves.”  Sherlock waved a gloved hand to indicate the space around them.  “These rooms were obviously Wilson’s living quarters.  He didn’t entertain much if at all.  The sitting room was used more as an office.”
Both Lestrade and John stared at Sherlock with expressions of disbelief.  When Sherlock merely stared back, Lestrade planted his feet and, with a couple of hard yanks, got the door open again.
Finally Ivan reminded them that he was willing to answer questions regarding the tsar and his court.  A short silence followed as the men looked sideways at each other to see who would go first.
The room was cool and dark and smelled as he remembered it, aged and slightly musty. Nothing like the clean, bright,
“It’s a funny thing,” said Mary once she’d calmed down a bit. “You can tell what primary gender children are at birth, but you’ve got to wait until they’re teenagers to find out the really important thing.”
“Perfectly valid,” said Sherlock crisply. “Prior to your marriage, you dated female silver-bands exclusively.  There would have been no point in attempting to discuss other options.”
“One of the other kids at school,” replied Tyler sullenly. “He said he heard about it from his older brother.  He said his brother said it was easy money.”
“Ewww,” exclaimed Anderson, entering the room.  “What’s the Freak doing now, checking for snot?  Hey, stop, you can’t do that!”
John opened his mouth. Closed it again.  He couldn’t think of what to say and why should he say anything?  Mycroft was a Holmes and therefore perfectly capable of conducting the entire conversation by himself.
Ivan started to laugh at the picture she drew, and Marfa Hudovna joined in.  When they’d both quieted, she added, “He’s a good man, Ivan Watovich.  He has a good heart.”
“A dogfight conducted across the pages of the tabloids would have achieved nothing except to sell more tabloids. Sugar?”
“That doesn’t mean you should have to hear it again. You said yourself that you didn't, well, kill him.”
In the end, however, there was nothing to indicate that the man, who looked to be in his late sixties, had died of any cause other than the obvious myocardial infarction.
More puzzling was the young pageboy’s fervent demonstration of both an attachment to Sherlock and an interest in – if John heard correctly – beheadings. Fortunately, the boy’s mother didn’t seem to hear as clearly as John.
, that was John thrusting in again and again, so hard that he had to grab Sherlock’s hips for purchase, he’d...
“Oh, right! Yeah, you would. Except... You’re the kind of person who seems like he knows about lots of different things whether he actually does or not.”
Harrieta pulled a bottle of vodka out from the folds of her skirts.  “And maybe when I pull the stopper out of this bottle, it will release a djinn such as the Arabian traders tell of and the djinn will grant me a wish!”  She yanked the stopper out, and they all stared at the bottle.  After a moment, Harrieta sneered, “So much for ‘maybes’,” and slugged back a drink of vodka straight from the bottle.
offering him a seat or a cup of tea or any of the small courtesies that might have made the moment easier.
want to do this.  But he held the case against his chest with one hand and used the other to steady his sheathed sword against his thigh.  He whispered a brief prayer to whatever gods might be listening.  And then, trying to throw himself as far out from the tower walls as possible, he jumped.
“We’re developing a list,” said Lestrade. He waved his hand towards a junior officer and two young women whom John assumed to be post-grads.  They’d probably been charged with the day-to-day grunt work of the project and had a better idea of where everything had been left the day before.  “Dr Campbell-Williams, this is Sherlock Holmes and his partner, Dr John Watson.  They’re...”
“Look, Sherlock, this woman’s already dealing with a rough situation. After she’s identified the body, I’m going to ask her some questions.  I’d like you to observe her responses and, well, anything else about her that might be helpful.  But I’d
“You heard him, at our wedding, with that vow of his. He’s practically married us already. Maybe not, well, in a sexual way or even a romantic way, but as
“If incompetence turns you on, then watching the Yarders at crime scenes must be physically painful.”
heart.  I haven’t had a heart since I was fifteen.  Readapting to having one now would just slow me down.  Even my brother, who presumably
It was fairly late by the time John and Sherlock were released on the promise that they’d come down to the Yard the next day to make their statements. Sherlock’s throat having miraculously healed the moment they left George and Minnie’s flat, John’s first thought was that they should head back to Baker Street and Mary. Then he thought, fuck that. Mary had a phone in case of emergencies. She hadn’t used it, so there were presumably no emergencies. And John had things he needed to say to Sherlock before they saw Mary again.
Sherlock’s pouch slit was nothing like the flat brown line John had had as a child. After John had presented as an alpha, the line had gradually faded throughout puberty, eventually becoming a barely visible horizontal trace on his stomach.
“Thought you’d get out of it by enlisting, did you?  Think again, boy.  You may be the Army’s tomorrow, but for today you’re still my ward.  Lord Holmes was glad enough to have a reason for a small, fast wedding.  Probably all he could afford, anyway.  Ha!”
The others thought this was hilarious.  Nigel – John was pretty sure his name was Nigel – continued.  “Yeah, with all the rounds we brought for you, you were pretty damned drunk!  ‘M not surprised you don’t remember.”
intimate space. John wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s waist, wanting him closer, as close as John could get him. Sherlock’s baby bump pushed against John’s cock with each gliding thrust even as he hit John’s prostate, over and over and
No anger left now at all, John settled down next to Sherlock and took him in his arms, both giving and seeking comfort. When their lips met, however, the embrace quickly became less about comfort and more about something deeper, more primal.  John nipped at Sherlock’s lips and chased Sherlock’s tongue with his own.  He reached down to stroke the hardness at Sherlock’s groin and when Sherlock arched beneath him at the touch, ran his teeth down the tendons of Sherlock’s neck.
“We’re done here,” announced Sherlock, striding for the doorway. Campbell-Williams had to jump out the way at the last minute to avoid being knocked over.
“No, but Mary’s right. We’re definitely going to have a real need for a babysitter, so try not to piss off Mrs Hudson.”
Dusk was beginning to fall, making it harder to see anything outside.  John’s thoughts drifted back to their earlier train.  His uncle had bought him a suit for his wedding and a decently made one at that, to put up a good show for Lord Holmes.  Still, John had felt awkward in it and all the more so as he was introduced to the lord and his lady.  Lord Holmes shook John’s hand genially.  Lady Holmes... glared, as if John had already managed to offend her.
“A gentleman always keeps his promises,” agreed Sherlock lightly. “Have a lovely day, both of you. And call me later.”
“I don’t think that the truth would do much to appease Detective Sergeant Donovan. I was attempting to synthesize a more effective form of benzoylmethylecgonine.”
certainly seems to have forgiven me.  Of course, he also wants me to teach him how to do it himself.”
,” said John gloomily.  “You know, we’re both barmy, sitting here in a pub talking about body parts.”
He turned to the sink, emptied the kettle and let the fresh water run in. Then, on a thought, he turned back to look at Sherlock. “Where did you find it?”
John put the container back in the refrigerator and began to arrange his groceries well away from it.
“He walked me to the student clinic. They wanted to send me to a hospital.  I didn’t want to go.  The dog-owner – Victor – talked them into giving him some bandages and antibiotics.  He took me back to his room.  Within a week he’d introduced me to cocaine and sex, and our wristbands had turned gold.  Our families were mutually horrified.”  Sherlock smiled with the memory, then finally seemed to notice that John was not smiling.  “Problem?”
“I had a talk with Sherlock after what happened last time, and he won’t be dragging you along to look at dead bodies again, young man.”
Sherlock sighed and traced a large rectangular in the air, slightly above the surface of the desk.  It was about the shape and size of a...
“Vanya,” and here Ivan hesitated.  Ivan was a common name and Watovich not so uncommon, but he needed a surname, for the imperial family did not use them.  “Ivan Watovich Stolitsky.”
Still with the safety on, he took aim at the skull on the mantelpiece, falling automatically into the proper stance.
“Let’s try it this way. We can change if you don’t like it. There, right, like that, lean back against me.”
Murmurs.  One of the young fathers in the group spoke up, his tenor voice calm and pleasant.  “I’m sorry, there’s been some confusion.  We’re going to London.”
“Actually,” said Ivan, regaining his composure, “I won it at dice.”  He didn’t bother to mention that he’d won it
Despite their failure to reach an agreement to-date, both parties admitted to having sufficient motivation to continue discussing the matter.
“Sherlock, there are people eating here!” scolded Mrs Hudson, although the children looked rather appreciative.
John let Sherlock order the wine – Sherlock was the one who knew what was what on that score – but ordered an appetizer along with his entrée so that Sherlock could steal bits of it.
“Well, now,” boomed Lord Holmes, “I don’t expect that you want to stand here talking with us old folks, John.  Sherlock!”
and I were having a lie-in when you interrupted.  If your pet thugs would care to stop disarranging my personal papers and have a look at our bed, they’ll find that the sheets are still warm and the pillows bear strands of both our hair.”
John blinked bemusedly. “Sherlock, did your parents just tell us they were spending the night in a hotel so that we could have sex?”
“I’ve been fairly sure for some time now that Mycroft’s placed external surveillance on the flat. And I’ve made some... arrangements of my own.”
“So are lots of humans! Not as intelligent as you Holmeses, maybe, but...” But. Wait a moment. There was something...
“Good morning. Slept well?” Sherlock asked as if they greeted each other while the kettle was boiling in their kitchen back in Baker Street.
Sherlock stood still for a moment, looked down at John who nodded, a nod, which made Sherlock feel like it was safe to withdraw. But for the first time this night, day, evening, whatever it was, he felt scared.
“John, I’m sorry.” John heard behind him, but he didn’t want Sherlock to notice the stream of tears that was running down his cheeks.
“You said, that in your mind palace, you’ve pictured how your first time with me was supposed to happen. What did you have in mind?” John asked playfully. Sherlock led John up from the bed; no words needed, and made him stand in the middle of the room.
“Turn over.” he commanded. John felt like he had no say in the line of events whatsoever, and on a level he felt like Sherlock was almost violating him. But it was all so hot, and he’d never experienced anything like this, with no woman, so he obligingly did as Sherlock told him.
Morris went back to his project, and as he once again held the knife towards John, Sherlock felt his heart beating, but then Morris started cutting off John’s clothes. He started with his shirt, the left arm, and then the right arm. He tossed the cut off pieces onto the floor and continued with the white t-shirt underneath. As Sherlock watched he felt a tiny tickle in his stomach. What was going on? After the t-shirt was cut open, John’s bare torso, oh god, sexy torso, Sherlock thought, was exposed. Morris then moved on to the jeans, and after a while the legs were ripped open and the zipper undone. As Morris tossed the pieces away he turned and looked at Sherlock, who was completely stunned by what was happening.
“Oh, yeah.” Sherlock giggled back. The very few times John had seen Sherlock drunk he’d noticed that he became slightly more feminine in his ways. The horrific bar fight during his stag night, and the light kink in his wrist back in the flat. Tonight was no different, and John found it quite charming.
“Just send my clothes to Baker Street at the earliest convenience.” Sherlock called back, already halfway out the door, so Mycroft could barely hear the last words. He laughed at himself and was genuinely happy for his brother.
“Andiel Rosim. It’s just a cover to make a case that would catch our attention. You’ve fabricated some made-up-man’s disappearance, because you knew that the police would consult with us. And you’ve done so because you, likely for some mad reason, want to hurt Dr. Watson, I’m sorry, Captain Watson.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “While I was faking my death, I was alone absolutely all the time, apart from the time when I was captured, which isn’t exactly what I’ll define as good company. So… when I’d been away for a year, I.. –“
“I think I’ll head up to my room.” John said, and hurried inside without a second glance at Sherlock.
John reached out his hand to stroke Sherlock, but Sherlock turned his back against him and turned off the light on his nightstand.
“Like what?” John said, and felt his heart pounding a bit faster, doing unspeakable things to the area between his legs.
“Are we looking at the same erection, Mr. Holmes?” Morris said and swiped his eyes down on Sherlock’s underpants.
“You know what’s coming next, don’t you?” Morris said with a rusty voice. Sherlock knew far too well, and at the mere thought of it he felt every single blood cell in his body rush to the area between his legs. He closed his eyes and tried hard not to let this happen, not when John was lying almost naked, tied up and exposed in front of him. A tied up John, god, that’s hot. No. Sherlock reopened his eyes, and at this point, Morris had removed the underpants as well, and Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off the gorgeous core of John’s manhood. This made him more aroused than he’d ever been before. He didn’t know how long he kept staring, but when he noticed a movement from John he tore his eyes away and placed them upon John’s face. He looked embarrassed on a level Sherlock had never seen him before. Not even that time when Irene Adler had been naked in front of him.
“Keep still.” He told John and then nothing happened for a whole minute. John felt the anticipation and nervousness build up in him. After what felt like an hour, John felt Sherlock's weight press down on his back, and he knew what was going to happen. Sherlock placed his hands on John’s sides and slowly entered him. John tensed as he felt Sherlock’s cock inside of him. It was very large. John heard Sherlock gasp loudly and then he slowly started moving within John, waiting for John’s sphincter to adjust to this foreign invasion of cock. Before John had adjusted fully Sherlock picked up speed and moved his hands down onto John’s arse and dug them deep down.
“Is that the proper term? Sounds like I’m mistaking you for a tissue. Well, I’m going to put my mouth on your penis and suck on it until you reach orgasm.”
“I’ll take you in there later. It’s quite amazing.” Sherlock said to John, with reference to the church. They paid the taxi driver and walked into the hotel foyer, and John gaped. It was decorated in gold and red, and he wondered how many months worth his salary it would cost to stay there.
“Frankly, it’s not that hard. Just put a lot of vowels together and utter them as if you’ve got a big potato stuck in your throat.”
“By the way, I ordered some beers to go. The same Japanese one you’ve been drinking tonight. You liked it, didn’t you?”
“No, you don’t. You fled the scene when Lestrade asked about the two of us. What the hell was that for? We could have laughed about it. But no, the great straight man John Hamish Watson couldn’t possibly be mistaken for a homosexual. Oh my, oh my, the sky has fallen!”
John sat down next to Sherlock and put his arm around him. Sherlock felt the warmth of John even through all the layers of fabric that was between them. Hateful fabric. During his whole speech Sherlock hadn’t been able to look at John, and he still couldn’t. He felt naked, vulnerable, like a child whose dog and best friend had been taken away from him forever. Then John spoke with carefully selected words.
It was unusual for Sherlock to not finish sentences, John thought, but then again, he had never seen him as emotional as this. He had to fight the urge to touch him.
“There are a lot of things that best friends can do.” Sherlock continued, eyes fixed on the television.
“Something caught your eye?” Sherlock asked, a hint of mocking in his voice. John did not know how to interpret this. He resumed his teeth brushing and Sherlock stepped closer to him, so close that their bodies was touching. A shiver ran down John’s spine, and then another one as Sherlock leaned over to put toothpaste onto his toothbrush. And then John felt a weak thrust in his lower back. He couldn’t be sure, but it felt as if Sherlock was having an erection.
Morris pointed the gun at John, which gave Sherlock no choice. Sherlock undressed and let out his still towering erection, and moved over to John.
John was walking back and forth in the flat in Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson had already been upstairs, and she’d almost hugged him breathless, leaving with her fingers tightly crossed. The clock was past nine now. Surely Sherlock would have seen the newspaper by now. And just as he  thought so, he heard the downstairs door open. Five seconds later, sweet god he must have run, Sherlock stood in the doorway. They were facing each other. Time stopped. Then Sherlock burst into John’s arms and kissed him tightly.
John lay awake for several hours. He had listened to Sherlock’s breath growing deeper and deeper until it evolved into silent snores. So that was the explanation. Sherlock loved him. Sherlock had even paid someone to sleep with him so that he could imagine he was being with John. But something still didn’t make sense. Why was Sherlock so afraid of John’s physical approaches? Surely when someone you love wants to touch you, you let them, don’t you? At least John would appreciate it if Sherlock touched him. Wait, what was that? John felt something shift in him, so emotional that it became physical. John wanted Sherlock to touch him, and not just on a sexual level. He wanted to be held, to be caressed, to be loved. The revelation hit him like a lightning. He was in fact in love with Sherlock. He’d just been the world’s biggest idiot in denial. He wanted nothing more than to kiss Sherlock, which as he came to think of it, he realised they hadn’t done yet. They hadn’t even made love per se. It was pure sex. Rough, hard, sexy. It hadn’t been love. Every attempt on John’s side to show affection had been completely rejected. And then he understood. Ha was indeed the biggest idiot alive. Since the very beginning John had denied in every way that he was interested in Sherlock. On their first dinner together, while they were spying on the taxi in Northumberland Street, he’d explicitly said that they weren’t on a date. He’d told Mrs. Hudson that they of course would be needing two bedrooms when he moved into Baker Street. He’d told Irene Adler that he wasn’t gay, and he’d said the same to Mrs. Hudson. Heck, he’d even gone and married a woman (even though that went straight to hell). He had rejected, declined and dismissed Sherlock since the very beginning, so afraid of what people would think, that he even hid the truth from himself: The truth being that he loved Sherlock intensely. No wonder Sherlock wouldn’t want John to show him affection. He was afraid of opening his heart even more to someone who clearly wasn’t interested.
John obliged. Sherlock leaned in from behind and started kissing John’s neck, while massaging his shoulders. He guided his kisses further down the back and towards the buttocks. He started licking them, first the left, then the right. John shivered and let out a tiny gasp. Sherlock started massaging the buttocks gently, then more firmly before he spread them a bit so that the beautiful glory of John’s arsehole became visible. Without warning Sherlock inserted his tongue as deep as he could and John let out a gasp.
“Nicely done, Mr. Holmes. You see how lucky you are? Now, I will have to punish you tomorrow though, because you weren’t supposed to make this enjoyable for Captain Watson, but he sure seemed to like it, didn’t he? I have a much nicer treat for him tomorrow. Just wait. Good night, love birds.” Morris said wickedly before he left the room and closed the door. Sherlock lay staring at the ceiling trying to regain his normal breath. After a minute and four seconds he felt he could speak normally again.
The three of them posed for a couple of photos and Sherlock disappeared before John had time to say anything to him.
Mycroft looked at Sherlock who was reading with large eyes. When he’d read through the entire article he got up so quickly that Mycroft almost fell over.
“I’m going to fuck you, John Watson.” Sherlock whispered, and before John could think of any way to protest he felt something soft and wet touch his arsehole. Oh my dearest goodness, he thought, as he let out a wild gasp. Sherlock was penetrating him with his tongue. And it felt one hundred percent amazing.  John’s response became more and more vigorous, and once again he felt an orgasm trying to build up from deep within him. Sherlock kept on licking, and suddenly he inserted two fingers on each side of John’s entrance so that his arsehole would stretch. Despite the extreme pleasure, John couldn’t help but feeling slightly ashamed and embarrassed. Anal sex had never been on the menu when he’d been with women.
“Tomorrow I’ll buy a new toothpaste.” Sherlock said, leaned over John to put it back onto the sink, and once again John felt something hard touch his lower back.
“Well… It’s you, isn’t it? Can’t you see the beauty of that instead? Despite my sexuality I still am attracted to you. Despite my long record of dating women I’ve fallen in love with you. If that isn’t a testimony of your unique greatness, then I don’t know what is.” John hoped this would sit well. Sherlock considered for a moment before he gave John a little smile.
“We’re not going to bring it with us. What Mycroft needs is a final confirmation of the storage’s actual existence. Then we will have local police deal with Jeppe while Mycroft gathers all his resources from hell and comes to collect it all.”
“I know I shouldn’t have gone after you like I did last night, yet along continue it today. But I… I thought that this might be the one opportunity for me. To have sex with you. Which I’ve wanted since… basically forever. But I know I shouldn’t have.”
“John, there’s something I should tell you. … Even I have urges, and this was simply an adrenaline-provoked reaction to the situation.”
“Indeed we are. Your first name, sergeant Morris, it wouldn’t happen to be Daniel, now would it?” Sherlock asked. Both John and Morris looked at him puzzled.
John turned away, and still Sherlock remained silent. At that moment the door opened again, and Daniel Morris came into the room. A stripe of light from the hall outside blended them, as they were so used to the melancholic, dim candlelight in the closed room.
“Well, I’ll choose a film that we both can enjoy. I was planning on showing you the Danish series called “Rejseholdet”. It’s about a team solving crimes, but I think you’d hate me for always deducing who the killer is. I can’t help myself.”
The next day John woke abruptly. He remembered last night in vivid images. Sherlock was still asleep, which was quite unusual. John stretched and felt a slight ache in his sphincter. But it wasn’t even comparable to the aching feeling in his stomach. He looked over at Sherlock who stirred and started waking as well. As their eyes met John tried to communicate his feelings non-verbally for a second before he said good morning. He then leaned forward to give Sherlock a kiss, but Sherlock turned away before he got the chance.
John pulled him away so that he could look into Sherlock’s beautiful eyes, which were now gleaming with tears.
Sherlock nodded and held out his hands so that Morris could untie them. Morris moved closer to him, and just as he was about to bend down to loosen Sherlock’s ropes, Sherlock spat, or rather plunged, all of John’s semen into Morris’ eyes. Morris was completely caught off guard and dropped the baseball bat in order to rinse his eyes. Sherlock seized the moment to dive for the gun, which he managed to wrestle out of Morris’ hand. He picked up the baseball bat and pointed both bat and gun towards Morris.
“Well, you’ve certainly have in the past. But don’t worry, it’ll be our little secret.” Sherlock said with an almost animalistic and seductive tone in his voice. John didn’t know how to answer this, so he chose to turn around and unpack his suitcase at the left side of the bed.
This was it. There was no going back now. Sherlock looked up at John and saw, not an angry face, but a puzzled one. John’s beautiful green eyes was staring down at him, and he felt even smaller than he did at John’s wedding. He had to look away again.
“Alright!” John said, as Sherlock spun the bottle, and neither of them could remember the phone call when they woke up the next day.
“We can linger until tomorrow.” Sherlock said and turned and looked directly into John’s eyes. “If you wouldn’t mind, though.”
Mrs. Hudson was up early that morning. She was excited about today’s newspaper. After all, her boys would be featured in an article regarding their work in Denmark. She was so proud of them. Motherly proud. She walked out to collect the paper and she actually dropped her teacup and screamed when she saw the front page. As she picked it up and studied it closer, tears rolled down her cheeks.
“NO!” Sherlock was quick on his feet, but Morris’ reaction was fast as well, and he pointed both the gun and the knife in Sherlock’s direction.
Four minutes later they arrived at Hotel Royal, a large, magnificent old building with statues in front of it. Right next to it was a large church.
The escape from Morris’ place had been easy enough. Sherlock had given John his trousers and jacket, and he himself had exited in just the shirt and underpants. They’d tied Morris up, and then they’d called Mycroft from a nearby phone box. Mycroft had been there in ten minutes, having already been searching for the two of them since the night before. Morris was immediately taken into custody, and Mycroft had promised that there would be no inquiry regarding the wound in Morris’ leg. Yes, the escape had been impeccable. It was the events that led to the escape Sherlock couldn’t get out of his head. Every time he thought about the fact that he had been inside John, he felt a tingling sensation all over his body, especially in his crotch. He just couldn’t help it. It was the ultimate fantasy fulfilled. The meaning of the universe, of his entire existence. But John had hated it. John had been hurt. Humiliated. John wasn’t even homosexual, and if he had been Sherlock was sure he wouldn’t be first in line. Despite the fact that Mary had been a psychotic killer – thankfully John had come to his senses and left her – John usually picked boring women as his dates. Ordinary women who preferred domestic life. Sherlock didn’t represent any of that. He couldn’t provide comfort and peace. And now John wouldn’t even come down form his room. Or would he? Sherlock suddenly heard a sound from the stairs, and then a door opening. He held is breath and listened as John walked into the bathroom and into the shower. Sherlock had left the bathroom door slightly ajar, and he could hear everything that was going on. Perhaps John thought Sherlock had left already. Twenty-two minutes later John turned off the water. Sherlock tensed, but kept staring at the closet doors. Perhaps John would tell him that he’d decided to move out of 221B.
Being engaged in the conversation, none of them noticed that they were reaching for the same plate of sushi running by. As John’s hand touched Sherlock’s he once again noticed how Sherlock withdrew it. This time a bit more camouflaged, but with a very obvious suppressed sigh.
“Then why can’t you look at me?” Sherlock asked, a tone of hurt in his voice. John looked up at Sherlock, into those heavenly blue eyes of his best friend. Get a grip, he thought. It’s Sherlock. Your best friend. Of course he is allowed to have a sex life. Of course he is. God knows I’ve been with enough women my lifetime. He smiled, and repeated his answer, but with more truth to it this time.
“It’s just that the mug there, off to one side, it’s got the badge of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers on it.”
“That’s bollocks,” John replied.  “Anyone who’s not willing to use a gun shouldn’t be carrying it in the first place.”  And he tucked the gun into the back of his jeans.
“Well, he laid a hand on it.  He didn’t manage to pull it off.  He said it felt like leather, and it was light-coloured, not black or brown.”
“John and Mary have separated,” Sherlock put in smoothly. “John has returned to live here as my flatmate, as he did for some years prior to his marriage.”
Sherlock quickly weighed her (461 grams). Then he held her while John measured her length (28 cm) and took a photo of the miniature girl child cradled in Sherlock’s huge hands.
“Mary’s idea,” John said as he stood up again. “She claimed that by the time Gloria was a teenager, Scott would be the new Taylor.”  And then in response to Greg’s puzzled look, “A boy’s name used as a girl’s name.”
“Oh, fuck!” She grabbed a wad of napkins just as John shoved another wad in her direction.  He looked away awkwardly as she caught her breath.
Now, it had long been widely known that a love for fine wines and strong vodka was common in the imperial line in general and in the Tsarevna Harrieta Watovna in particular.  From the first, Clara had made no secret of her disapproval of this tendency, but she had done so with gentleness and affection, so that the tsar and tsarevich had hoped she might eventually lead Harrieta to more sober habits.
“You wouldn’t have been with me. When I arrived at Magnussen’s office, Janine and the security guard were lying on the floor. You’re a doctor. You would have stopped to check their status and provide care if they were alive. I would have continued on up the stairs to Magnussen’s flat, where I would have found – did find – Mary and Magnussen. Mary’s back was to me when I entered the room. I thought she was... someone else.”
“Put these in your refrigerator when you get home, won’t you, dear? Sherlock’s always been this way. Special occasions made him too nervous to eat, but he’d sneak into the kitchen at night afterwards and help himself to the leftovers.”
Just as the first rays of the sun came over the horizon, the shimmering abruptly ceased.  Before Ivan stood a tall, slender man, finely made, his pale skin translucent in the light of the new day.  His face and hands, his silver grey eyes, were entirely familiar.  Ivan had guessed correctly about the black curls.
“We didn’t linger. I swear. We just, we saw you guys on the sofa and just waited outside. Sorry guys. And… congrats. This must be a fairly new development then? Although, I always thought you would find one another eventually.” Lestrade said. John felt himself redden.
“Can best friends do this?” Sherlock asked again, and turned completely around so that he could loosen his hand from behind John’s shoulder and move it directly onto John’s bulging underpants. John let out a vocal gasp, far too loud not to be embarrassing.
John hadn’t emerged from his bedroom all day. Sherlock was pacing around in the flat. Mrs. Hudson had been up, but he’d shooed her away with instructions of leaving him alone that day. When the clock moved close to 11pm Sherlock was sure he wouldn’t see John anymore that day, so he went to bed and lay awake until five in the morning, when he drifted off to an uneasy sleep.
“I’ve done it before, and I’ll do it again. Come on. Blow my brains out. I hear my brain is a rather magnificent one.”
“I’ll go wash myself, and when I come back I need you to finish me off with your mouth.” he said casually, as if he was asking for a help with the dinner.
“Daniel Morris was a sergeant in my platoon. He was one of those guys who didn’t take it very seriously. Down in Helmand, we stayed in a camp of sorts, and when we didn’t see the white eye of combat we hung around mostly. Morris still hadn’t seen what the war was really about. One night, after we’d taken to some drinking, he started coming on to me, even though I was his commander and superior. I dismissed him with ease and left for bed, but the next night he did it again. Approached me when I was taking a piss in the bushes, putting his hands on my shoulders, whispering in my ear. “I know what you are, Captain, and I can help you.” This time I dismissed him hardly and hoped that the flirtation would stop. We were in a warzone after all. Three nights later he approached me again, but this time he came into my tent after I’d gone to sleep. He told me that he really fancied me, and seeing as we were both going on a mission the next day he used clichés as the last night of our lives, live and let live, etc. Well, truth to be told, I didn’t know what came over me, but I stood up and told him to get down on all fours and I fucked him then and there. It was rough, it was brutal, but I figured he’d asked for it. It violated all kinds of codes, but… The next day we were sent out, but I made arrangements for him to be left behind, because I didn’t want him around me. Our platoon was attacked, and Morris’ best friend, Henry Dwight, died. I heard Morris was sent home after having had a breakdown or something. It was awful. I was awful. And now, when he came in with the bat, I was sure he’d kill you. Because he’d lost Henry because of me.”
“What the hell are you doing?!” he cried, and turned around to face Sherlock. Sherlock was taken aback by this sudden reaction, and didn’t know how to reply.
“Listen. I know that. I know you’re not into me like that. It’s quite obvious. So I’m not worried, all right?” John hoped this would do the trick. Sherlock gave him a slight smile and started unpacking, not answering John’s lid-closer of a statement.
Sherlock found a Visa card in his pocket that John had never seen, DK written in white on a red background.
John had absolutely no idea where this conversation would lead. He looked over at Sherlock, who still looked sadder than John had ever seen him.
“Well. We might want to redefine the word friendship, then.” Sherlock said predatory, and as the movie came to an end – there was something about an airplane, but John hadn’t the faintest idea what had happened – Sherlock moved his head down towards John’s crotch, removed the underwear and released the achingly hard penis that had been trapped inside.
“He didn’t tie me up as tightly as I was before. Here you go, best friend.” Sherlock said and put his arm around John’s side and torso. He pulled John into his embrace and kissed the back of his neck.
After half an hour they were both unpacked and dressed in fresh clothes. John felt the air between them was back to normal, and he was quite content with everything.
“Wow, Sher –“ was all John managed to say before Sherlock entered the bed from John’s side and sat across his upper chest, erection only a centimetre from John’s face.
“I don’t think that’s fair, Sherlock. Why are you being like this? I liked being with you, and if you want to know, my abdomen has been bubbling and aching around the clock since we played spin the bottle back home in Baker Street."
“Hell, what do we do, Sherlock?” he asked after the failed attempt and turned onto his back again. Sherlock could tell that he was clearly uncomfortable.
“I’ve got us tickets for Smetana’s Ma Vlast. With Aarhus Symphonic Orchestra.” Sherlock said. “He is the Czech composer you always ask me to play for you.”
Mycroft’s black car had picked them up early and driven them to Heathrow airport, where they had boarded a British Airways plane heading for Aarhus Airport. It was the tiniest airport John had ever set foot in. They had got on a blue bus that would take them directly to the centre of Aarhus. The city, Sherlock had explained, was Denmark’s second largest, with about 300.000 inhabitants. As the bus rolled into the bus station, Sherlock pointed at a large (in these surroundings), modern tower behind them.
John rarely got really drunk. Neither did Sherlock, but this night they had realised that they both deserved a night out. The last case had been difficult and close to everlasting. They had felt like lawyers, reading through piles and piles of boring documents in the search for something “off”. They’d actually had nothing more to go on than “something off”. The third night of reading, John had risen from his chair, shrieked loudly and kicked hard into the wall below the mantelpiece. This had startled Sherlock, who’d responded with a little grunt. That was concentrated-Sherlock being startled. John had laughed at this, and Sherlock had responded by looking up from his documents and smiled broadly back to him. John wouldn’t have survived a case like this with anyone other than Sherlock.
Sherlock’s heart raced. What in the world of worlds was John actually saying? For the first time since before his own long speech, Sherlock looked into John’s eyes. They were full of sadness and shame, but there was also a tiny glimmer of hope lingering there. A sparkle Sherlock had never seen before.
“This won’t be the first time my job’s been on the line because of Sherlock Holmes, remember? The last time worked out pretty well in the end. Worst comes to worst, Deanna and Sean earn enough to support the whole family.”
John Hamish Watson,” Sherlock added.  “My husband.”  He stepped over to John’s left side and put his arm around John’s waist.  John leaned in a bit for verisimilitude.
