“By all means, she can call me...Papa.” Sherlock smiled. The love he had for that little girl and the thought of being her papa made a warmth spread through him that had nothing to do with the warmth the blankets or liquids that John was giving him. “How did I get here John?”
After several deep lungfuls of the crisp winter air, John felt better. He started walking, he felt drawn to the beanstalk, it was behind his farm and in the woods. It was a cold night and snow was falling slowly. Reaching into his pockets he pulled out his gloves, they were fur lined and extremely warm.
“Oh don’t be so dramatic Sherlock. I keep you safe. I keep you fed. And I bring you back supplies all the time to keep you entertained and so you have items your size. I treat you well for you to be my slave.”
“How could I? All I know of judges are what the lot of you have told me. And doesn’t it kind of make sense, you and Sherlock both said the prophecy said I will be the strongest judge ever.”
“Why are you so happy?” Sherlock asked.
"I think it would be quicker if we just walked outside and came around," Samantha yelled.
“That if she has been telling us the truth when we go to try and heal Mansi Alasdair may try something and we’ll wish we had two vials of her blood.”
“Shh Sherlock.”
Sherlock sagged with relief as he attempted to reach back. “
“How is that possible Sherlock? Dreamwalking, understanding other languages I’ve never spoken. Oh and I can’t leave out the coup de grâce, I read Liam’s mind earlier.”
“Sadly I agree. You know how testy he can get.”
John reached out and placed a hand on Sherlock's arm. “Why?”
John approached the men at the door slowly, “Sherlock, how about you invite the man in and explain things to him properly like a human being. Hmm? It's the least you can do. Tossing him out without an explanation is cruel.”
“So, you have no preference on gender?”
John reached for Sherlock’s hand, he often helped to not only magnify John's gifts but to focus them. Holding Sherlock’s hand this time brought no clarity, but he heard Sherlock suck in a sharp breath and then Otaktay was on the other side of him taking his free hand. The moment Otaktay’s fingers encircled John's the image of Samantha slammed in place crystal clear for only a second before shattering.
By the time Molly walked in just minutes later both men had settled back into their seats and was trying to focus on the work at hand.
“I was afraid. You hadn't called, and I just assumed the worst, that you weren't that keen.”
“Sherlock.”
“Mymy is just joking.” Liam looked over to Mycroft when no confirmation was given, Mycroft was furiously texting. “Mycroft!” Liam shouted outraged.
John’s eyes widened, “Two hours? It felt like only twenty minutes max.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open. “Left? What do you mean left?” Sherlock regretted asking the question when he saw the anger and pain in John’s eyes. He just could fathom a mother leaving her child, especially one as precious as Rosie. And John. Why would she leave a man like him? Sherlock didn’t know much about him but he could see he was a good man. Provided for his daughter, a hard worker and kind. Attractive, compassionate.
Samantha glared up at Sherlock. "Anyways, he didn't even try to deny it. And I suppose he thought he was calming me down by saying it wasn't hard for him because at least I was easy on the eyes and good in the sack. Not his exact words, he said it much more eloquently. So I punched him in the face and tried to sleep on the couch."
After John tucked Rosie back in her beds he cleaned up the dishes from Sherlock.
"It's not too late for you either, you know."
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand, not wanting to answer until Lestrade and Rayne came in the room.
Sometimes the two of them slept over and on those nights Sherlock and John talked through the night. Adult to adult. They covered every subject their joint minds could think of, confiding in one another about secrets and fears. The two men had become very close and it was not uncommon for one or the other to wake up and find they had fallen asleep in the other’s arms.
Sherlock picked at the remainder of his food. Nervous that John was finally listening to the music he’d composed for him. Music that spoke of the love, hope, desire, pain and anger that he had felt for the other man during their brief friendship. Could John feel the sadness and hopeless that he felt when he wrote this piece? Pushing the food around on his plate he quietly hummed along with the music.
Samantha gasped and recoiled as if she was  frightened of Rayne. “Why? What did I do? I don’t even know you.”
“No, I really doubt it. Good evening.” John walked off missing the pretty brunette that sat down in his vacated chair, and the statement that followed. “That man could be the making of my brother or his undoing.”
Sherlock and Mycroft had helped with the Mary issue. Considering Mary Morstan never existed beyond a stillbirth, there was little logistics for Mycroft to work out.
“I felt like that again in the conference room. Like I was burning. It’s why I grabbed your thigh. I wanted you right there on the table and in that moment I didn’t care if everyone watched.”
"John, come here."
John stood up, groaning as he did. “Alright, I’ll leave you to it then.”
When John stood up from the boulder he was sitting on; he looked down at himself and saw that he had clothes on similar to Otaktay. He faced the medicine man and pulled him into a tight embrace. “I miss you so much.” Otaktay wrapped his sun-warmed arms around him, while they hung on to each other for an indeterminate amount of time.
Turning back to the women on the bed he asked Delma, “Have you ever spoke to Mansi mind to mind?”
When Sherlock was done showering he left the water on and exited the bathroom in only his towel, much the way John had did the first night here. “I left the water on for you.”
“You have tried continuously to reach Mansi. I don’t believe there is anything more you can do. All we can do is wait. And I don’t think anyone can begrudge you a moment for yourself.”
“Yes, Sherlock?”
Sherlock sighed and walked over to Otaktay. Cupping his face between his hands he lowered his head slowly, giving him a chance to back out of it. But surprisingly Otaktay reached up and gripped his forearms, his breath came a little quicker. And Sherlock kissed him. He didn't half-ass it, he kissed the man like he had him beneath him already. Like he was laying claim to his body.
“Mmm. Thank you. I have never heard my name sound so- I don’t know. The words escape me, I’m so tired.”
“Hey, boos!”
“What?”
“Oh well if you’re single then…” the other woman to his left started in on John. Turning to look at her he saw she was prettier than the other one. “Well hello.” John was kicked under the table, causing him to jerk his knee and jar the table. His orange juice spilled and he jumped up to clean the mess before it ran into the woman’s lap to his right. “I’m so sorry.”
Lestrade tsked at him before continuing. “I am assuming you two discussed the case a bit before he brought up you kissing him.”
“No. Talking about the case as it’s happening helps me see the broader picture. Also, you tend to notice the things I do not. We’re a great team. If you’re going to endeavour to cook more, I shall just have to try to eat more.” Sherlock laughed and John smiled.
John cocked his head to the side and squinted at Sherlock. He really couldn’t tell if Sherlock was joking, putting him on, or if he was bloody serious. And what did he mean he loved him? Platonically? Because flowers and hearts, human or otherwise, didn’t say friendship. It said romance. And Sherlock had told him plenty of times he was married to his work and had no time or interest in emotional entanglement.
“I have to go! I’ve stayed too long my dada will be so angry!”
“Right, well. Here’s a bit of news flash for you Sherlock, I always want you. I don’t imagine I will ever stop. Not until I’m dead and buried.”
Sherlock's face fell. How stupid could he be to think John-
fault we were in the predicament in the first place.”
“Broken leg, nothing serious.”
Through the missing wall John could see the others making their way over to the house. They could help the others.
John made his way around the unconscious man, applying magic to his aura and slowly the other men was able to see the outline of Otaktay’s aura as the magic clung to it. When John had completely covered his aura in magic they all sat back and watched as the magic slowly faded.
the only judge?”
“Quiet Mycroft, I might just agitate her on purpose, the sex
Sherlock looked at John, head cocked to the side, clearly confused. “The same way other people do.”
Sherlock gave no indication that he did hear John. John looked around them they weren't too far from the house, and he was strong from the years working the farm.
“Well get yourselves together dinner entertainment is almost ready and it should be entertaining.” Mycroft gave a particularly evil smile before adding, “Do try to look your best.”
"But you need-"
“I motion for Hyde to take over the council,” John said with a laugh.
Sherlock pulled away slowly, breathing heavy. “John, I-”
“You do realize I would never knowingly endanger any of you, not even Mycroft.”
“Maybe this will help.” Lestrade strode into the room holding up two pieces of paper. “Hi, Molly.”
Sherlock’s mind scrambled to comprehend what John was telling him. This was not what he had expected to hear.
Sherlock took John to their room while the other two men settled Otaktay back in his room.
“You were lied too! My wife approached you didn’t she! That’s her blood; I can smell her. That blood, her blood, will kill your guard.”
When he was done he smack Sherlock on the arse and announced he was finished.
The sleepy quality of John's voice was fading and Sherlock couldn’t help himself. Blindly he reached out and ran his fingers over John’s lips. “I like the way you sound when you first wake up.” “You don’t sound too bad yourself, and I have always like the way you looked when you woke up, curls all stuck to your head on one side and wild on the other. My hands always itched to run through them, to try and take them.”
Sherlock couldn’t stop the moans from escaping as Otaktay gripped his hips tightly as he drove himself in and out of him. Sherlock was ashamed. He did want this. His body was already burning, the heat pooling in his middle. It wouldn’t be long before he painted John’s beautiful body with his seed. He reached out and began stroking himself. Before he was ready he cried out, coming all over John. But he still felt pent up, unsatisfied.
“Who was it boo?”
Otaktay walked over to the bed like John asked and sat down on his right.
“How so?”
Sherlock walked to the edge to watch her go. He always made sure she got out safely.
Sherlock lifted his head and rested his forehead against John's. “Fuck Alasdair and anyone else who feels that you showing emotions is a sign of weakness.”
“Excuse me? What was that?”
John stepped into Sherlock and kissed. “What were you smiling about?”
Breathlessly they pulled apart a few minutes later, staring at one another. “You can take the bathroom, Sherlock.”
“Um, Happy Valentine’s Day.” Sherlock beamed at him and pulled out a chair in front of one place setting, gesturing for him to sit down, John did.
“Can you put on some toast?”
“So, the even bigger question is, does this mean Samantha is here, somewhere on the grounds. You know, close enough to evoke those actions from one of us?” Everyone looked at Mycroft as he asked his question, without speaking a word of agreement everyone filed out of the room and spread out looking for the Unhcegila.
“When you started doing your mind palace thing I decided to have a shower.” John paused, bloody hell, he was still in his towel. Marching back into the bathroom he angrily got dressed. And why was he angry? Because he was about to get one of his most secret of wishes and he wouldn't even be able to enjoy it. He had been pining after Sherlock for far longer than he cared to remember. John was a mess thinking about what was in store; and Sherlock, that cock, was none the wiser.
“Violin lessons.”
. The glorious smell of coffee hit him, he needed coffee now. Sherlock stumbled into the kitchen, his eyes squinted, fighting against the onslaught of the bright light. He shuffled over to where he was sure a John shaped shadow stood. He closed his eyes and lowered his head until it made contact, taking a deep breath, yes this was
“Ah, I should've known there was something more to you actually doing as I asked.”
“No, none that I'm not used to.” Sherlock stood there awkwardly looking down at John and his bed.
“Sherlock, you help me pass unseen with the morning fog, you keep people indoors with torrential downpours. You help grow crops for my salads. You make me ice for my drinks in the summer. You are beneficial.”
“John?”
“Eva?” Sherlock asked looking at the woman again.
Lestrade finally pulled up, lights going but siren's silent thankfully. Jumping out of the car he looked at Sherlock and lifted one eyebrow.
Sherlock looked at John reading the paper as he always did and he was struck with the normality of their current actions. Nothing had changed with the kiss, John still ate breakfast every morning while reading the paper. And Sherlock still joined him rather he was eating or not. Things were exactly the same. Except they weren’t. In Sherlock’s eyes, things had changed drastically. He felt like if they were to walk outside right this instance everyone would be able to look at them and tell. “John,”
“I do not know. I have no explanations for why or how I came to stand before her. I feel no malevolence from her yet I feel uneasy. I cannot trust my instincts. One of the reasons I brought her here to you. You’re not only an empath but if she is of your bloodline you should be able to read her.”
Sherlock looked around the kitchen, thoroughly proud of himself. John would be home soon and he had finally worked up the nerve to tell John how he felt about him.
"Yes, he does have a penchant for running away, John."
“Jooooohn, I’m so close...please, Mmmm….”
“Sam, I hope you know no one here wishes you any harm. They’re just so use to being stabbed in the back they are always expecting the worst from people. It took Sherlock forever to tolerate Otaktay. He and Liam I think only get along now because Sherlock knows without a shadow of doubt that Liam loves Mycroft. Oh, and Sherlock and Mycroft barely get on, you would think they were brothers the way they behave. Look, what I’m trying to say is I know you’re a long way from home but you are more than welcome to share our home.”
John was shaking and Sherlock suspected it was as much from the cold as the fear.
Sherlock was beyond frustrated. John was toying with him, and he had never once asked a man to do what he was needing.
John was at Sherlock's side in an instant checking his bite and looking him over for any other wounds. John decided Sherlock was physically okay, he leads Sherlock out of the room, out of the council’s quarters and back to their home, straight to their room.
Turning Sherlock looked at John, “He is supposed to look like you.”
Sherlock looked at Alasdair; he saw how his eyes had zeroed in on the blood-filled syringe now poised over Mansi’s right arm. He felt John shift behind him, putting himself closer to Mansi’s left arm. “Its blood, no big deal.” He went to push the plunger down, Alasdair knocked it out of his hand, sending it flying across the room until it smashed into the wall. Sherlock made sure to look both surprised and outraged, “What is your problem! We were assured that that blood would wake her.”
John noticing Liam's unease tried to down play the incident, remembering that Sherlock too had seemed uncomfortable with this particular ability. “Oh. It’s only happened a time or two with Sherlock so I didn’t think anything of it.”
John reached out wiping at the tears and turning Sherlock to look at him. Sherlock looked so lost it hurt John to see him like this. Acting on pure instinct he closed his eyes and leaned forward, pressing his lips lightly to Sherlock’s. When Sherlock didn’t pull away John pressed more intently, slotting their mouth together.
"I’m getting married brother mine.”
“You’re right. You can use mine as I start on your new one.” Sherlock ruffled her blonde curls before he retrieved his violin and passed it on to her.
Sherlock looked up at Otaktay with a bit of the old suspicion and mistrust.
Mansi and Delma were settled in their room, Mycroft had fed Delma a couple pints of blood but there had been nothing they could do for Mansi, she wouldn't or couldn't swallow any blood given to her, she just lay there.  And now everyone else gathered around Otaktay in his borrowed room.
“Alright then, do you want to do the honours?”
“It has been determined that I am the world’s best cuddler, so I am allowed to get away with sassing John.”
John looked up, “Fine, fine. No offence Greg but has this turned into a social call? We have three missing persons, most likely hurt.”
“That is quite the story.” Mycroft said from the kitchen door.
“What are your wife’s name and her...what second in command or whatever role this other vamp plays.”
“Not under normal circumstances.”
“It was Mrs. Hudson and your mother. Apparently they both had the same idea; that seeing your brother getting married would move the two of us to admit our feelings for one another.”
“Likewise.” Hyde bent over her hand valiantly kissing the top.
“Do that thing you do.”
"He only fed me, nothing more."
John looked up in shock, “Wrong? No, it’s just usually when you’re this nice and amiable you’re up to something. You’re usually trying to apologize for something or trying to soften me up for something. I guess I’m just waiting for the other shoe to drop.” John noticed the look of hurt that briefly crossed Sherlock’s face, why would he be hurt by John’s statement? Nonetheless, John didn’t want to be the cause of Sherlock hurting. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s, “Hey,”
John continued to the beanstalk with Sherlock close behind. When they reached the beanstalk John set to work. He sat the chair down he had brought along with a bundle of kindling he grabbed out front of his house.
“Okay.”
Sherlock marched back through the door. “I’m not playing.”
"Otaktay, I know I have no right to ask this of you, you've given so much, but I- we need you back in the real world. Will you come?" As John looked at Otaktay waiting for an answer the medicine man started to fade away. Panicked John grasped at Otaktay's rapidly form but stumbled on empty air.
“So what is stopping a judge, John in this case, from turning away all judges, making himself a monopoly of sorts in the field?” Mycroft asked the question.
John closed his eyes and pictured he was back home in bed next to Sherlock. A moment later John bolted up in the bed, Sherlock was already awake and reaching for him.
Sherlock actually blushed, he learned a long time ago Mrs. Hudson saw far more than most people and she was tougher too.
Over Rosie’s head, John mouthed the words thank you. She needed reassurance from Sherlock, not him. But her words haunted him “...and dada marries somebody else…” Sherlock’s words jogged him out of his introspection.
“Yup I put her on my shoulders and she did that thing that the two of you can do.”
“I believe so.”
Liam sat on the bed covering John discreetly, the sheets had been knocked off of him completely. And the fact that Sherlock hadn’t covered him immediately told Liam how frightened they had been. He’d joke about it later when it was a laughing matter, but right now he needed to make sure his friend was all right.  “What happened John?” Liam asked stroking his hair lightly.
“Well, is he better?”
“You little minx,” Sherlock said grabbing Rosie and tickling her before settling her on his knee. “As much as I would like to come stay with you and John I can’t just leave. The giant would come looking for me and that would put everyone in danger down where you live. It would put you in danger.”
The newcomer touched Sherlock on his shoulder and Sherlock stood up, eyes cast downward. John watched as the man did the same to the women, they reacting in the same way.
John placed Rosie in the pot and then climbed in after her. He didn’t know what good it would do. The plant wasn’t much of a hiding place.
But John wasn’t sure what to say after that? Part of him wanted to tell Sherlock if he didn’t love him too it was fine. But it wasn’t fine, it was just something people said. John balled up the paper and threw it in the wastebasket. Taking out another piece of paper he started again. Hand poised over the sheet he tried again to think what to say, he wanted to be eloquent in his words like Sherlock often was. He started to write.
“Why didn’t you call me Sherlock?”
“Not in great detail, but yes. What does your gut tell you, Sherlock?”
“Why is that Sherlock?”
“Oh don’t look so shocked Sherlock, that young man sounded quite talented.”
Mike started to smile smugly.
“Well, I know the door, Sherlock. But it doesn’t look like it was jimmied or broken. Does anyone else have a key?”
John stood up placing his hands on Sherlock's arms, “Hey, hey, none of that.” Once Sherlock stopped pouting John smiled. “I’m going to kiss you now, is that okay?”
“I think Stamford knew exactly what he was doing when he set us up to meet and he knew exactly why I’d sent the basket. What he probably hadn’t counted on was our stubbornness. Years John. Years! We’ve wasted so many-”
“Is that why the two of you split up?”
John, Sherlock and Liam fell into step behind Mycroft, following him out of the house.
John spoke snapping Sherlock out of his thoughts. “After Rosie was born, and she was well enough, she packed up her things and left. She said she didn’t want her life to be reduced to that of a farmer's wife, and a mother. She wanted more out of life and Rosie and I wasn't it. I told Rosie she passed to save her the pain of knowing her mother didn't want her. Mary was not a kind woman.”
John stood up, “Come on.”
John tried the door, it was met with some resistance. “Sherlock, get up. Let me in.” Sherlock’s continued silence worried John, perhaps he had done irreparable damage. Kneeling down, John spoke into the crack he had managed in the door. “Sherlock I’m sorry. I reacted badly and I want to explain.” When still no words came from his usually dramatic friend John pressed on. “I was caught off guard with the kiss Sherlock. I ran because- well, because I’m a sodding idiot. When you kissed me all rational thought fled, I couldn’t believe it was happening, that we were finally happening. Do you understand Sherlock? I panicked!”
Otaktay stepped into the house and pulled Sherlock into a loose hug. “I’ve missed you as well Sherlock.” Seeing Liam and Mycroft on the couch Otaktay smiled and went further into the house, hugging Liam while Mycroft stared at him.
logical explanation.”
“Oh, that? I paid the bartender to set me up with the empty items before the bar opened. Look, I’m very sorry, I made the first move I shouldn’t have...I just wouldn’t have forgiven myself had I not. I-”
“Rose, what are you doing?”
John couldn’t believe he was doing this. He was kissing Sherlock and he wanted more, oh, so much more. Burying a hand in Sherlock's silken locks he deepened the kiss, sliding his tongue past Sherlock’s lips, sweeping inside, tasting the wine Sherlock had claimed only minutes before and something else, perhaps the natural sweetness of Sherlock Holmes.
John looked over to Rosie who was colouring down on the floor. “Just asking.”
“So what else happened?”
“Very good John. And who do we know whose name starts with an M?”
“Didn’t know that you cared Rayne,” Liam said dryly, his arms were crossed over his chest. Mycroft was rubbing his shoulders from behind.
“Pity, had he, you would’ve seen what I mean. Don’t get me wrong John, Sherlock can be quite charming when he's on a case but when he isn’t he can be- himself.”
John seemed to shake himself, "What? As you said, it is an agreeable marriage. We aren't marrying for love or prestige."
Sherlock tried to stifle a chuckle as Mycroft cleared his throat.
Sherlock could feel how still John had gone, he was sure if he’d done something unwanted John would’ve said something, so he continued placing small chaste kisses on John’s neck and shoulder. One hand came up to join in on the exploration. Slowly traversing from John’s side up past his shoulders to slide through his short gold and silver speckled strands.
“Sherlock, wake up love.”
"Don't be like that Sherlock-"
Liam pulled John to a stop and Sherlock continued forward following Mycroft to the tree.
“The giant is asleep still. I wish I could offer you breakfast before you go, but I know you need to leave before he awakens.”
“No. I’m sorry John for all the things I’ve done to make you think this could be just another joke.” Sherlock tried to pull away from John but he held on firmly.
“No. She is to serve as a back-up in the event you can’t judge. Also, her base of operations will be in the states. Other judges will start to pop up from all over and will need to come here to meet you.”
Rosie knew if her dada ever found out where she had been sneaking off to this summer she’d be in deep trouble. But even worst, if the giant who lived here ever found her out she might never see her dada again. But her young mind thought the risk was worth it. Her new friend was teaching her how to play the violin.
“Nothing. Which I have come to learn that it means there is more than one outcome possible. A lot of determining factors.”
"I'm okay Sherlock."
Sherlock went off to his room, he would need to put on proper attire if he was going to be crawling around and climbing ladders.
John would have preferred to have waited until they were alone but he supposed since Sherlock called them all in there they all deserved to know what the commotion had all been about.
The man looked at him again as if John was saying something silly. “No.”
Sherlock tapped little Rosie on the shoulder so she would let go of his leg, once done he made his way out of his room to check again that the giant was still sleeping, he hardly ever snored but it sure would have been helpful to Sherlock. He walked his guest to the door. “Wait 30 minutes after I do the signal just to be sure that he doesn’t turn back around after hearing the thunder.”
“I mean here for
“Is this the guy? Is this him?” John asked, angrily shaking the man.
John stepped in close to Sherlock unable to help himself. “She is frightened of you, you know what happens when she gets frightened.
“What? No, no. Why do you ask?”
John tried to appear as natural as possible as he feigned being sleep. Only moments had passed when he felt the bed dip and Sherlock settled in next to him.
"What! Whatever for? As I recall it, I was the one to-"
Sherlock didn’t respond. He wasn’t sure if he was ready to face John’s rejection head-on. “No.” He drew out the word, saying it slowly and precisely so there was no mistaking what was said.
John kissed Sherlock as he walked by towards the bathroom. “Thank you.”
“Nonsense, he’s a man despite what else he is, he sees something he likes and he is going after it.”
“Shh, you should have. You always know just the right thing to do to make everything better.” Sherlock whispered the words, afraid to shatter the moment.
Sherlock smiled in spite of the ire rolling off John. “John love, not that the sex wasn’t brilliant, but knowing that your urges were caused by Samantha I didn’t want to take any chance. You did hear her say she could drive people mad.”
When the other man moaned, it effectively snapped John out of his daze; what was he doing?
“How do you know? It is the
John nodded, taking Rosie’s hand they made their way to the beanstalk and home just beyond.
Sherlock waited.
John stood up and walked over to the fountain. “Come here. We’ll have our self a little impromptu water fight so that we may be excused to go change and no one will know I upset you.”
“Why are you up here again?” John smiled in spite of his previously hurt feelings, Sherlock sat there head cocked to the side, hair amuck and his eyes closed, practically sleep while he sat on John’s bed. John had gotten enough sleep, he’d gone to bed at a decent hour, but it was clear that Sherlock needed more sleep. Getting up John manoeuvred Sherlock back onto his side, tucking the bed sheets and the blanket around him.
“Good questions. I don’t know. It can’t be a human vs vampire thing because Alasdair and Sherlock are both vampires. And I’m not convinced it’s because I am so desirable. I seriously don’t think Alasdair
“As well as he will allow anyone. He comes into Bart’s all the time. He works pretty closely with Molly.”
John stared at Sherlock.
“Eating? I can be, what’re you thinking?”
“No. I find that most of us older beings have no preference, love is love. And if you’re not in the market for that, chemistry and understanding is the secret recipe to great sex. Well, that and no inhibitions.”
“I don’t like
“What do you get from Fíona?”
John looked at the tree, there wasn’t much to like yet, it was still bare and the only decorative touch was the tree skirt Sherlock had been putting on when he arrived. “It’s great, I’m sure it’ll be really lovely once it is decorated with lights and bulbs.”
Sherlock raised one brow.
“Mmm, and what point might that be love?” John's words were low and slightly slurred as if he was falling asleep.
“It usually takes a lot out of me, if you all don’t mind I would prefer to have the room with only Sherlock. And Liam, if you would stay on standby, just in case.”
“I could barely feel my fingers let alone hold on to sack with them.” Sherlock looked around, “There, you see that bush directly in front of me? Walk over to it and walk 10 paces into the wood and you should find them.”
a surprise.”
Sherlock’s mind wasn’t processing the picture in front of him. All he saw was the previous picture and the look on John’s face.
Otaktay held on to Sherlock like he was a man drowning and Sherlock was the only lifeboat. He tried to pull away while he still had a shred of dignity but Sherlock chased his mouth, keeping them fused together. He moaned. He tried so hard to hide how good it felt to be held again and kissed like he mattered.
“What impressions we get.” Mycroft added smiling tightly.
Sherlock passed the picture to John and watched as he jumped to his feet, grabbing the magnifying glass from the desk. While John studied the picture Sherlock turned his attention back to the one in his hand. Had John paid someone to take the picture of them? He should have it framed. Sherlock caressed John’s image. He hoped the look meant what he thought. “I don’t understand why this picture would be considered disturbing.”
“Course it is. It is a recording of every song I have ever composed for you.”
After about 15 minutes Sherlock changed the music back to a lively piece, it wasn’t the same piece as before but no less lively.
Sherlock didn’t reply, already back in case mode so John responded, “Uh, how ‘bout two bottles of water. Thanks.”
Sherlock lost track of how long he held Otaktay like that, honestly, he had zoned out his mind taking refuge in his mind palace as he liked to call it. It was where he went to solve complex problems or just to take a break from reality. What brought him back was the gentle yet hesitant press of lips against his chest. John had dozed off at some point; his arms wrapped loosely around himself and their guest; John was still pressed intimately against his back, and Sherlock found that reassuring.
“That would seem to be the idea.”
"Sherlock-"
John sighed. This felt good. It had been too long since he held someone while he slept, to feel their body fit along his. John stiffened. He just realised he had woken in his usual state. Hard. This was so wrong. He had his daughter curled up against his back and held a completely unsuspecting man in front of him, whom John realised he still hadn’t released. He shouldn't have a hard on while in the bed with his baby girl. And without consent from Sherlock. Sure he was only holding the man, and John recognised the fact that he didn’t want to let him go just yet. But needed to. If Sherlock woke up and found John in a state of arousal he could feel, offended or even violated.
Sherlock beamed at him. “Do you like it?”
This time Mrs. Hudson’s squeal and clapping didn’t go unnoticed, several people turned and looked at them. Mycroft got up from his table and went over to Sherlock. “What is all the commotion about?”
“Only way to find out what’s going on is to go home and see if we have what we need to wake Mansi as promised and for you to see if you can convince Otaktay to come out of that coma. Because I will admit, if she wanted to take us out it would be far easier for her to do it while Mansi and Otaktay was lost to us. Plus, she could’ve killed us here.”
“Posh? He would have to be, a consulting criminal can’t get business if he doesn’t look the part of a businessman.”
John took the cue he was given and guided the head of his cock to Sherlock's entrance. Breaking the kiss he wanted to look into Sherlock's eyes as he sank into him for the first time. Slowly, agonisingly slow, John pushed into Sherlock, relishing in the way his mouth slowly parted on a gasp, his hands tightening on his biceps. Holding eye contact, John whispered, “I love you Sherlock Holmes” and thrust the rest of the way home.
Sherlock turned to face the other man, “Because of the beanstalk. It wasn’t there. It had been destroyed when I was a little boy. I told the giant I couldn’t make another beanstalk grow this tall to try and keep him from going down and taking more people. And then one day Rosie walks in while the giant was out and she has returned every day for the past couple of months. When I asked her how she got here she said the plant rope. I got rid of the beanstalk several times, but once the giant saw it I couldn’t get rid of it without him becoming suspicious.”
“John, what are you doing? If she is dead there is nothing you can do.” Liam pleaded with him suddenly scared for his friend's safety.
“No problem. Are you all right?” Without thinking, John reached up running his thumb lightly over a small bump where a bruise was forming on the man’s cheek. He had such high cheek bones.
an even better shag.”
John glanced around the room, there wasn’t even a couch for him to sleep on. “What choice do we have?”
“The closest thing he has to a loved one. Answer my question Dr Watson, do you intend to continue your relationship with Sherlock?”
Sherlock stepped out of the room and straight into John.
“Big surprise, that,” Sherlock mumbled under his breath. “John, as tradition would have it, Valentine’s Day is about spending the day with your loved one, relating to them how special they are to you, and telling them you love them, in both verbal and nonverbal ways.” Again Sherlock gestured to the table. “John, you are my best and only friend. I can always depend on you to do what is best for me. There is none other in my life that means as much to me as you, you are very special. I love you and am trying to show you that with all of this.”
John playfully shoved at Sherlock, “The fire was contained and it wasn’t my fault. But if we’re going to talk about disastrous nearly first dates how about the one where Liam made me wear that ridiculous leather outfit and ended with him...well not good.”
“I’m not sure really. When we held hands I saw nothing, nothing unusual that is. And when Otaktay took John’s hand it felt like something fell into place and just for a moment it seemed like her face was distorted.”
“Did he tell you about the others?”
He grabbed John around the neck and kissed him harshly.
Sherlock handed the girl the violin and watched as she got her instrument in position and waited for him to start. He wasn’t sure how old she was, just that she was small. She was an exceptional study and he was proud of what he had taught her thus far.
And then in a blink, Alasdair had one hand to the side of his head grunting in obvious pain, he was still holding Sherlock immobile against the wall. John lifted a hand and a pulse of power breathed through the room and sent Alasdair flying hitting the opposite wall.
“I don’t understand.”
John’s voice dropped, he pronounced each word carefully and deliberately as if that would make Otaktay provide him with the answer he wanted quicker. “How do I get out of here?”
“Don’t talk like that John. I don’t like to think of you dying.”
Sherlock sat quietly digesting this bit of news. Their evening was shot, they should probably give up even trying. “Well, I guess we should just head home John.”
When John returned Sherlock still had a bluish tint to his skin, pulling back the covers he began massaging his fingers, hands and arms. After doing both arms he pulled the covers back up and repeated the action on his toes, feet and legs; he needed to help the circulation of blood through his body. John stripped off his clothes, body heat would be best in this situation he had read somewhere before. Climbing in behind him, John pulled Sherlock’s body flush against his own. He was freezing. After several minutes Sherlock’s shaking was less severe and his body relaxed against John’s just a little.
talk to one another like we’re not here, making goo-goo eyes and such; shameful.”
“Do either of you want anything?”
The next couple of hours flew by with Sherlock explaining how he worked with the elements. John was fascinated with the whole process and ability.
“Like me, when Samantha happens to be around.”
“How did the perp even get in here?”
“John?”
Sherlock didn't point out to John he’d not spoken his thoughts out loud. But he glanced at Alasdair to see his take on everything. The man was leaned forward in his chair, eyes sparkling with interest. Sherlock had no doubt that little missed his notice.
"I sure did. But I waited for him to come back into the room first."
“Yeah, I suppose both parties do. They both deserve happiness and I think they found it in each other.”
“And...”
Sherlock climbed on the bed beside John so he could see the screen. Liam and Mycroft scooted closer so they could see as well. Otaktay sat on the other side of John, and Lestrade and Rayne stood next to him. Mansi and Delma went to stand by the door.
Roughly two hours after sending John and Rosie to safety, Sherlock stumbled wearily into his living quarters fully expecting both John and Rosie to be asleep. What he found instead was the small girl curled up asleep and her father sitting at the foot of the bed as if waiting for something. Sherlock wondered what it would be like to go to bed with someone. To have that person wait up for him just so they could fall asleep together.
“Please John...please, finish it.”
“Alleged sexual predators.” Sherlock corrected.
“So we have ourselves a little locked door mystery.”
“Huh? Oh, no we’re not dating. We’re best friends, I’ve known him for quite a while now.”
Sherlock sighed dramatically. “Despite the fact that you make me called you daddy, I am no child and I grow lonely up here. I would like to meet some possibly a companion, marry even.”
“He’s a detective, a consulting detective. The-”
“John-” Sherlock started to speak when John cut him off mentally,
Once Molly left John made his way over to Sherlock. He placed a hand on his shoulder and said, “I’m proud of you.”
“She, um, she left.”
Sherlock’ hands were balled into the fabric of John’s shirt. The kiss was intense, Sherlock felt wide open like John could read his soul with every expert flip of his tongue.
“So are you telling us that John was destined to win against Moriarty?”
Sherlock’s mouth dropped as he was struggling with how to respond a bark of laughter caught everyone’s attention, it was Mycroft.
"What is the quickest way to take down a group or organisation?"
Looking around the small room John noticed Delma was cradling Mansi in her arms now and Alasdair was on the floor leaning over Liam. Jumping up he went to the duo, “Is he okay? Did I do this?”
Sherlock thought about what John was telling him. Standing up Sherlock opened the door, John nearly falling at his feet. “Promise?”
When John felt he was far enough away he stopped, and a moment later the ground shook with the impact of the giant hitting the ground. John set Sherlock on his feet. Looking around, “You sent Rosie home didn’t you?”
“Look, while we’re on the subject, I want to apologize.”
John couldn’t bring himself to feel bad for killing her. She would forever be thought of as the woman who had tried to kill his best friend and who had killed his child. Fake or otherwise. He had
The next day John made his second rounds a bit early, checking in with everyone one in the council and an attempt to once again reach Mansi. He’d decided he would try to speak with Otaktay again when he got home, maybe he would be less tense and cooler heads would prevail.
John could sense Sherlock's confusion and turmoil. He could also sense Otaktay’s. He was feeling both satisfied and turned off. And John didn't know where his feelings on this started or stopped. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock and gripped Otaktay’s arm with his hand. "Everyone just calm down and take deep breaths. We'll sort this all out."
“Nothing really, he just wanted to give us a heads up, said
“The latter. I will tell you more after you have woken all your people, you’ll need them. Even the Unhcegila.”
John watched as Ross’s lip trembled and her eyes filled with tears. She turned and wrapped one arm around his neck and the other around Sherlock's. “But winter is a long time and I won’t see you in forever and what if you forget about me and dada, and dada marries somebody else and then I can’t come back and visit.” Taking a deep breath before plunging on Rosie continued, “And who will teach me the violin and how to control the weather and I will have only one dada who loves me instead of two.”
"Your brother never behaves, that's why I'm here."
Lestrade inclined his head and headed out the door. They had taken additional pictures of each baggie and also of the 2nd and 3rd gift boxes and gave it all to Lestrade minus the picture of them together Sherlock still had that secreted away. And when Lestrade had asked about a second picture Sherlock simply said, “Second picture? There was only one, I just assumed Moriarty didn’t know how to count.”
Sherlock relaxed against the headboard allowing his hand to remain on John’s forearm, stroking slowly with his thumb. “Unfortunately I will need our little Rosie’s help taking the beanstalk down. If we don’t the giant will come looking for me.” Sherlock was quiet for several minutes looking around the room. “This is your room. Your bed.”
“John stop stalling.”
“What? What’s the matter? Did I do something wrong?”
John fought to get himself under control; stilling himself he pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s struggling to breathe.
John sat staring at his laptop. It was an email from Hyde, of all people. John had finally given into the idea that the man had fled all responsibility and disappeared. He hadn’t thought the lycanthrope was the type and he was happy to see this email proved John right.
“I-I thought it was you. I thought it was you.”
"Exactly. So now who do we know we can trust?"
John’s words made Sherlock pause, he’d just used an endearment with him. The only thing John had ever called him in all the years they’d known each other was his given name or idiot. Hearing him call him love caused a warm feeling to bubble up inside him.
“You’d told us that your power of coercion only worked on humans.”
Sherlock hugged John tightly. "I love you, John."
Sherlock opened the door, stepping to the side so that Otaktay could enter.
“Wait a minute, away? I thought Mycroft was staying at the castle with you?” John inquired.
“And you know me and Mycroft have been separated no less,” Liam said quietly before stating, “Well, your room has been christened," this directed at Samantha.
Alasdair stared at the duo as a tear ran down his cheek. “I don’t understand; her blood has always had destructive powers.”
“Ah, gotcha. Alright, I’ll be taking these and you have all you need from them?”
“It’s okay, I guess. Sherlock should be able to be himself. Besides you still love him, he can’t be all bad.”
“I am
“I’m already a step ahead of you John.”
The man smiled at him the way an adult might when they were humoring a kid. “Noo, there’s a history of alcoholism in your family, you would
“Laugh all you want. She is your so many greats grandmother I believe.”
Sherlock blushed a bit at John’s words he knew what the shorter man meant and he had to admit it had felt nice being mindful of Molly’s feelings.
The newcomer noticed John then. “Oh, sorry. I didn't know you had company.”
“My phone silly. And how did you even get it?”
Sherlock panicked and reached for John, grabbing his hand while he mentally called to him.
you touch her as instructed and why did you call Rayne over?”
“Because you wanted Major Sholto to know you had moved on?”
In his bedroom, he perched on the corner of his bed. He didn’t really want to make this call but he recognised the fact that he was out of his depths. He dialled a number and waited for it to be picked up, the moment he heard Lestrade's friendly concerned voice asking was everything alright he blurted, “I kissed John.”
“Him? I didn’t know you fancied men.”
Several hours later John was just getting out of the shower when he heard talking. It was Sherlock. Was he speaking to himself or was someone in the room with him? He quickly got his answer.
Sherlock mumbled something as he took a bite of his toast. Smiling John stood up and poured them each a glass of orange juice. Sitting back down he picked up his own fork and answered his own question, “‘Course I am, no one else can put up with you like I can.”
"Don't worry about me, John, I can take care of myself."
“Yesterday Greg.”
Sherlock ran his hands up and down John’s back, “Why did you stop? Did I do something wrong?”
“Well, if you have a habit of randomly kissing people you might want to tell John so he doesn’t get the wrong idea.”
John continued his chest press until his arms had the wobbly spaghetti feeling, he returned the bar to its housing and stood up going over to the leg press machine. Checking the amount of weight already on it, he decided to add 25 pounds more, taking the total to 100. He started his work out but after several reps, he became aware of Alasdair using the machine next to him. “What are you?” John asked keeping his head straight and his legs working.
“I dunno Mycroft, Hyde had seen her during the meeting, and he didn’t seem especially impressed.”
“Perhaps we should change the lock and maybe add another?”
"Okay. Let's start at the beginning. Did Hyde just volunteer this information or…?"
John smiled at his little girl. “Of course we can but how will we get it to him?”
Sholto’s voice hit John hard. Part of him had thought Moriarty had killed him, especially with the way Sherlock kept staring at him. “Yeah James. Are you hurt?”
John took immense pleasure in reducing Sherlock to a state of nonverbal cues. He kept reaching for John and trying to direct him to do what he wanted all without actually saying anything. “Sherlock if you want something you will have to ask.”
“Why? It’s not like
“John...ohhhh!”
John walked over to the vampire and clapped a hand on Alasdair’s back, trying to comfort the man. “It’s been such a long time, have you thought that maybe she stayed the same as well. That she was always like that but because of circumstances was never given the chance to show her true colors until she had been turned?”
“I’m not keeping any secrets, none of my own. Do you not trust me now?” John asked.
“Sherlock would sometimes call your name out as he was fucking me, or I him! How does that make you feel?”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John holding him close; even as he took one of Otaktay’s hands.
“Lol. Serves him right. He should spend more time with mother.”
Rosie nodded her head enthusiastically and began hopping up and down.
“Here ya go.”
“Ahem ahem, should I show our esteemed guest to the door?” Mycroft asked with a wicked gleam in his eye.
“‘Course you are Sherlock. Well, what did you find?”
John heard Alasdair, heard the sincerity in his voice and still, John held a nugget of disbelief. How could someone be both a vampire and a lycanthrope? “Which one?” John asked instead.
“Okay.”
“Don’t be will John, it’s a bird.” Rosie giggled.
“The fact that you cut off the bartender before he could finish asking, and the fact that you offered it to a regular at the bar shows that you are very strict with your alcohol intake. That kind of discipline usually comes from seeing a loved one battle alcoholism.”
“Payback?”
Sherlock fell asleep a few moments later and John had the pleasure of watching him sleep. He was so peaceful looking. And when the time approached for lunch, Sherlock was still sleeping. John hadn’t the heart to wake him and soon he dozed off as well.
“There you are! Your mother told me you were off hiding with John. And speaking of John, that woman’s scream at pulling John's ticket was just indecent wasn’t it? How are you handling today?”
“Alright boys. I’m going to have my soother and retire as well. I’ve had a long trip and an exciting night. Can’t wait for the wedding tomorrow. I just love weddings.”
“Anyone opposed?” John asked looking at everyone present.
bed.”
John ignored Sherlock's plea and continued to kiss him leisurely, slowly massaging him with a single finger. When Sherlock broke the kiss and glared at him, he chuckled. Allowing Sherlock’s leg to relax on the bed he got on his knees, as he watched Sherlock he opened the lube and squirted a little into his hand. He leaned forward bracing his weight on one arm and spread the lube with the other. Sherlock tensed as one beefy finger slid inside.
“He did say he didn’t know where he stood with me. But what do you mean how to handle me?”
“You’ll just have to trust me on this Sherlock. But I promise it is better.”
Mycroft's phone went off, it was the one for his job with the British government. Looking at the message received Mycroft sighed and walked over to Liam. “I have to go.” He leaned down as Liam tipped his face up. Mycroft kissed Liam thoroughly and when he pulled away he rested his forehead briefly against Liam’s. “I miss you.”
“Upstairs.” Lestrade led bomb disposal upstairs to their flat and of course, Sherlock tried to follow.
“Level with her.”
Sherlock looked a bit hurt by John's musings.
he was sneaking out of the wedding early. Mary had told him she was doing it because she was ordered to. She was helping to burn the heart out of Sherlock. She then smiled like she was proud of herself. She raised her gun to shoot who- he would never know because he shot her first. Sherlock had just stood there frozen in shock, and John had acted on instinct. He would not allow this woman to take Sherlock away from him again or anything else, no more lies, no more deceit. He was through.
“Why did you react so violently to the thought of Mycroft touching her, was it a jealousy thing or something else?”
John looked up at Sherlock, realizing then, and only then, that his arms had somehow gotten themselves wrapped around Sherlock’s waist. When John’s eyes met Sherlock’s, he saw how much this man loved him, how much he had suffered for him. Sherlock lowered his head slowly, giving John time to move, or back out, he didn’t. He raised his own lips up to meet Sherlock’s. It was gentle, a mere meeting of lips. John deepened the kiss, slanting his mouth for better access to Sherlock’s. His hands fisted in Sherlock's dressing gown while the detective’s held John’s face, still cradled in his large hands.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and went to step away when John grabbed him by his bicep. "Kiss him, Sherlock."
“How’s the toast coming along?”
John heard Sherlock shuffling around in a bag. He wondered if Sherlock was in a towel as he had been or if he was already in his pyjamas. Back home John was aware of the fact that Sherlock slept nude most nights, there was no way Sherlock would do that here. Even if they were supposed to have their own beds.
Sherlock leaned forward watching as Mycroft also leaned forward in giddy anticipation of a battle of deductions. Smiling he simply replied, “Pssh, I see the way you watch Gavin Lestrade when you think no one else is looking. Is it him? He is newly single.” Sherlock saw the look of surprise pass over his brothers face.
Back upstairs Sherlock sat crossed legged with his back against his bedroom door. His hands were steepled beneath his chin as he sat quietly pondering his current situation. It was unheard of, him foregoing the advancement of a promising case in lieu of personal problems slash gratification. Maybe he
Sherlock made sure his back was to Otaktay before he allowed John to see him rolling his eyes. They should be making love tonight after such a triumphant day, but instead, they were babysitting. He snuggled in close against John, giving him his back so he could hold Otaktay as promised.
is gunning for me and Hyde is on his way back here.”
Greg, Sherlock's father and John walked up then, all eyes was on John, Mycroft smug, their mother beaming and Sherlock clearly besotted. Both John and Lestrade said, “What?”
Mycroft turned to Delma, "Trail them, don’t be seen. Mansi offer to go with them. If they decline don’t push.”
“Well this is obviously a play on the song The Twelve Days of Christmas, there is a progression to the story, Moriarty is smart, at least as smart as you. He is going to want to draw it out and not make it too easy for you. He’s only given us part of the puzzle, so, we’ll get more of it tomorrow.”
"No John, you would have given it away."
“Wait Sherlock, first off, Samantha how can you still be alive and look so young? And why is it risky for you to be around Otaktay?”
“Ooh.” John kissed him again. “You smiled as if you were happy for them. What’s going on in your funny little mind?”
Sholto when this happened. Sholto was my first-, he was my first and only male partner until you.”
“I don’t know, I’ve never really given it any thought. Maybe close to the heart?”
John looked down at the pictures again. Quite honestly Sherlock had a good eye and was much better at all of this planning and coordinating than he was. "Surprisingly Sherlock, I don't care, I trust your judgement."
Far too soon though, John’s thrusting became desperate and erratic, he was close.
“Oh, I don’t know. You know we’ve known each other for quite a few years and have been through a lot. Music helps me deal with the emotions I can’t or aren’t ready to process.”
Sherlock hurriedly moved the bag with Molly and Greg to the trees where Rosie was hiding. “Do you know how to get home from here?” Rosie nodded with big eyes. “Course you do. Take this bag and run straight home, don’t stop no matter what you hear, understand?”
John’s phone rang. “John speaking. No, he wasn’t joking. We went out and came back to a package under our tree. No, it wasn’t Mrs Hudson. Please hurry.” John hung up the phone, grabbed Sherlock around his bicep and dragged him back out the door. He should’ve sent him back outside to safety as soon as he realised there was a possible threat. What had he been thinking?
“Why don’t you tell him dear.”
Sherlock moaned against John he was so wound up. He needed John in a bad way. He told him as much. John chuckled as he drew Sherlock in against his body, his chest to Sherlock’s back. He kissed the enigmatic genius on the back of the neck. “Try to rest. We have a big day tomorrow.”
“Yes, it was quite lovely,” Sherlock answered as he pulled the syringe from his pocket. The moment he did Alasdair leapt up.
Hyde looked at Mansi expectantly.
It was late, well past midnight and Rosie was already in bed, her spirit remained unbroken, her faith in Sherlock held steadfast. John wished he had Rosie’s optimism, but John knew people often let you down. He needed some air it was late but he felt trapped. Grabbing his thick winter coat John head outside.
“You do! If it weren’t for you I don’t think I would solve nearly as many as I do.”
“Fine. Is everything okay in here?”
“Rosie!” Came a loud hiss. Sherlock looked around trying to spot the source of the angry sounding voice. He saw the man a moment later as he ran from behind the broom leant by the door. Sherlock was momentarily shocked. The man was unlike any he had ever seen before. He must be Rosie’s father because he could see the small child in him. Snapping out of it he shushed them. It was too close to the time that his master would be waking up.
"Yes. You and him can have alone time while I am in another part of the house or away."
“I gathered as much, why?”
John woke for the second time that morning with someone in his bed. But this time Sherlock had John captured in his arms while he slept. John was on his back with one arm extended above their heads, Sherlock was firmly against that side, his arm wrapped tightly around John’s waist. His mouth was partly open and a soft snore was being emitted. John couldn’t help but smile down at his flatmate, he looked adorable sleeping. John brought down his arm to settle around Sherlock's shoulders and the detective snuggled in closer.
John sighed and buried his hand in Sherlock’s sheet, deepening the kiss. John marvelled in the knowledge he was kissing Sherlock Holmes, as their tongues touched tentatively, dancing together and away again.
John nodded. “No more wasting time.” John lowered his head, taking Sherlock’s mouth again in a gentle kiss as his hand explored his body. John took immense pleasure in not only the feel of Sherlock beneath him but the quiet sounds he was coaxing out of him. John kissed his way across Sherlock’s jaw, running the tip of his tongue around the shell of his ear. Sherlock shuddered in his embrace, gripping tightly to John’s shoulders.
The lights were still on. John wasn’t sure if he wanted to get up and turn off the lights or stay to ensure his spot and the proximity to a sleeping Sherlock. Comfort finally won out. He would never get any sleep with the light on and they had an early day tomorrow. John clambered out of bed, turned the lights off and as he was laying back down he heard a sleepy “Thank you.” That wanker, you could never tell just how lucid he was, even under normal circumstances.
Sherlock ignored Hyde’s comment, “Don’t try and change the subject John! You were being reckless!”
. To me, that is a threat.”
Fíona smiled, “I will. I am a creature of my word. You will have all that you need when you reach home.”
Sherlock thought about it. Sleeping next to John had been, well nice. He could get used to it. And if ever he needed a break he could always disappear back to his room.
“No.” John’s tone brooked no argument but Hyde ignored it and continued on in his questioning. “Why? What happened? You’re just going to let him waste away in his room?”
John groaned inwardly, he could tell Sherlock was still undecided, meanwhile, he was hard enough to cut ice with his prick. “Sherlock,” John’s voice was strained and a small whimper escaped his mouth as Sherlock’s knee brushed his groin.
John smiled and approached Sherlock placing one hand on the side of his face. “It’s true. But we need to figure out a schedule so we don’t get caught unawares again.”
“Nonsense John, I am not unreasonable. I know as he is your friend, he still has some of your affection. But sit down, let’s discuss these items. You are my biggest clue on this one.”
“Well, we haven’t had much activity out of the vamps since word got out about the cure. And as Eva, well she already knows where to find us, so going out won’t really make a difference will it?”
“Sherlock, if you get up and allow me to retrieve my phone I’ll do you one better than your head in my lap. I can’t believe I just said that.”
“What? Sorry?”
“It’s not that I mind, it’s just you always take your coat off as soon as you come in, I just thought you may be more comfortable.”
“Not anymore.” Mycroft sulked even more.
“Were you? Why? What’s happened?”
“You’re right. I mustn’t forget I am but your indentured slave, here to only do your bidding. There is nothing to keep me from throwing myself from this land and greeting the ground like an old friend.” The giant stood up, dressed impeccably as always, he scooped Sherlock up. “You have forced my hand Sherlock, I haven’t used your cage in years but now I fear for your safety.”
Samantha looked skeptical, “
John started off after Sherlock.
The trio was in the room talking with Mansi and Delma when Alasdair, Hyde, and Samantha walked in. John looked down at his watch, it was getting late, but they hadn’t been particularly loud. He watched Alasdair’s face as he walked in. The ancient vamp kept his face neutral showing no emotion. But Samantha and Hyde, however, were easy to read. Samantha laughed and clapped her hands; she even hugged the two newly awakened. Whereas Hyde looked confused.
John gripped Sherlock by the hips as he pounded into him, each of his hurried movements shaking the door in it’s frame.
“I was
“For being extra- well for- hell, I don’t know Sherlock. I just know I have been acting differently, moody. And not to make excuses but I’ve just been so tired, mentally, emotionally. I just feel like I can’t carry anymore, I’m sorry I’m not stronger. I’m sorry…” John’s voiced cracked a bit, “I’m sorry if I have been more emotionally needy.” Sherlock crossed over to John pulling him tightly into his arms. “No. No John. You are the strongest most courageous and selfless person I have ever known. It’s okay to feel overwhelmed and to doubt yourself. Don’t let Alasdair make you feel bad for showing emotion.” Sherlock pulled back a little tipping John’s head up so he could look him in the eyes. I love you. You are enough. Do you understand me John Watson?” When John just continued to stare at him as if he had two heads Sherlock lowered his head and kissed him furiously.
“Why?” Sherlock asked before John could.
John frowned, “Excuse me, who are you?”
“John, I cannot in good conscience ask you to do this, I am suppose to be
“I'll get it.” Sherlock rushed off to get the door, John wiped his mouth and followed behind Sherlock. He arrived just in time to see Sherlock pull open the door and a dark-haired man pulled him into an embrace and snogged the hell out of him. John could see Sherlock freeze up, his hands were stiffly at his side. When the man let go, he smiled at Sherlock like a long lost lover.
“Yes, why wouldn’t we be?”
“Agreed,” Sherlock added.
“John Watson.”
“Maybe you should send one of them with him.” Alasdair suggested pointing at Mansi and Delma as Otaktay and Samantha disappeared out the door.
“I can’t.”
“Yes that is true. It stems from the way people thought back then. These first vampires thought the world was theirs, believed it was their new birthright. And why would you ask for permission to enter into a building that is already yours? Whereas the new lot understand territory and proprietary. Therefore they need permission to enter a home that is not theirs.”
"Exhausting? You aren't doing any of the planning."
“Maybe so, but Rosie can make the plants grow and not only cut your time in half but help it to be more fruitful.”
John stared after Sherlock. He had expected Sherlock to be upset, maybe yell at Mycroft and accuse him of trying to break up their friendship, he had not expected the quiet intensity that Sherlock had displayed. It worried him. Sherlock had often referred to him as his; his blogger, his doctor, amongst other things. Could Sherlock have really meant it, believed John to be his in some form?
“Fine. Go grab your phone. You left it on the kitchen table.”
Giving his attention back to Mrs. Hudson he smiled at her, “Yes?”
“Put him in a cold bath. He said he was burning from the inside out. Otaktay, if you will.” Sherlock said motioning to Samantha. “Have a safe trip Samantha.”
“Fine. But-mmm.” Sherlock's words were stopped by John's teeth grazing at his neck. John suddenly pulled away from Sherlock and shoved, making Sherlock nearly lose his footing in the process. He took another look at John and then took off. John was barely hanging on and he was right, as always. They needed answers and if John took time to shag him senseless who knew when they would get their hands on Samantha again.
Mycroft gathered Otaktay up in his arms and started down the hall, heading for the backyard.
“Not exactly but I do not trust her. She puts all of you on edge. Your intuitions are trying to warn you perhaps. Lestrade, you are the only one who doesn’t seem to be affected by her presence. How did you feel when you stood before her?” Hyde asked.
“Good evening John. Care to have a seat?”
“And Rosie flew it up?”
Mycroft stood up straighter, looking down his nose at John, “I see Dr. Watson, and were you playing at being his doctor last night?”
“Do you really see her getting the drop on Mansi, Delma and Otaktay? Two council level vampires and a skin walker? Besides Delma said, the mother of death...who does that sound like to you?”
Mycroft frowned, “Man? What makes you think it’s a man?”
John smiled. “If you need a hug you could just ask.”
Sherlock continued to stare up at John in amazement. He knew enough about the world to know John was being very gracious and seemed to be one of a kind. Acting before he lost his nerve. Sherlock moved quickly pressing his lips to John’s. He wanted to tell the other man thank you for his kindness, and he’d be lying if he didn’t admit he was also curious about kissing, what was the fuss about? But this was Sherlock’s first kiss and he had no clue if he was doing it right. Wasn’t John suppose go kiss him back?
“It’s a new day isn’t it?”
John took pity on Sherlock. “Just this once Sherlock. I’ll give you what you want but in the future tell me what you want.” John closed his mouth over the head of Sherlock’s prick, running his tongue around the glans in a clockwise motion. Sherlock moaned loudly and arched off the bed. John smiled as he placed a hand on Sherlock’s stomach anchoring him down.
Sherlock looked at John, he smiled nodding, “I suppose we do.” A thought occurred to Sherlock then, perhaps this was all John. Perhaps he was providing Sherlock with a fake case for Christmas. He opened the package while John documented it. Inside were just three items. Two, disturbing pictures as today's rhyme said. Today's message wasn’t scribbled in the bottom of the box but on a piece of cream coloured vellum paper.
John watched slack-jawed as Sherlock stroked both of them slowly. He knew Sherlock and knew he was testing some sort of theory his mind, and he wasn’t really here in the bed with him. Hesitantly he reached out his own hand, knocking away Sherlock's and began to stroke his bedmate. The way Sherlock’s body suddenly jerked John thought he had somehow managed to hurt him. “You all right Sherlock?”
"Those who aren't vampires and or aren't around Alasdair. Liam and Mycroft because they don't live on the grounds. Myself. And, um, that is it."
Sherlock stood up stretching. “Have you heard from Otaktay lately?”
John finished pulling on a shirt, snagging his shoes from by the door as he walked into the sitting room. “Alasdair said she may be
“Yes?”
“Please, Sherlock, just let me in, to explain.”
“Wait, Sherlock! Let me grab my phone so we can take pictures before you open it, and of the contents.”
He approached Otaktay cautiously.
Sadly many times during the planning of this wedding Sherlock had allowed himself to imagine it was he and John who was getting married. It was a bit of fanciful thinking, he'd thought it completely harmless; he now realised how wrong he had been. He couldn't stop his eyes from straying over to John in his military dress uniform, he was understatedly dashing as always. A slight smile playing on his lips like this wasn't some farce of what he really wanted, and could possibly have had. But Sherlock was a coward, and had never opened up to that degree with John, had never let on to the depth of his emotions for his friend. And now he would lose John forever. Oh, they'll remain friends at first, but as Mycroft and John's marriage became more real Sherlock knew their friendship would take a backseat. These thoughts were wrecking havoc on Sherlock's emotional state, he seldom let it be known that he even had an emotional state besides extreme indifference and annoyance, but he feared he was fast falling into a state of panic.
John laughed.
There was a loud groan before the men saw the beanstalk start to fall. John didn’t think they had anything to worry about, he was sure they were out of the beanstalk’s projectory, the giant, on the other hand, was not. John watched as the realisation of the danger the giant was in washed over the giants face. He continued to watch as the beanstalk made a loud wet sound as it fell on the giant smashing him into the ground.
“Yeah. Somewhat.”
“That part I had help with.”
John ran after Sherlock cradling a confused Rosie. “You are going to have to stay in my room for the night. There is no way you’ll get past him tonight. I’m sorry.”
Samantha pushed herself out of John's arms and looked over Sherlock's shoulder at Otaktay. It was obvious he hadn't use regular means of entering the room. She sighed. She was supposed to be this big and powerful monster yet here she was being comforted by a human.
“Well, say something John.”
Before Sherlock could reply further, there was a loud knock at their flat door.
Since you, Sherlock, and you John, have thus consented in holy matrimony and have witnessed the same before God and these friends, by the authority vested in me as an Officiant and the laws of this great country, I now pronounce you married. Therefore what God has joined together, let man not separate. You may seal your marriage with a kiss!"
John took a moment to appreciate Sherlock’s just woke up look, his hair was matted down on one side and all fly-sways on the other. His eyes were squinty and looked to be still full of sleep. John wouldn’t mind laying here all day watching Sherlock sleep. “I can only imagine all the secrets you use to tell your most prized teddy bear.”
“Sherlock,” John said quietly, his voice coming out hoarse. Clearing his throat he spoke louder, “Sherlock! Sherlock, we need to get you warmed up and inside. Sherlock, can you hear me?”
Sherlock stood before the group again. “Sorry about that.”
John was dreaming, he was sure of it. But it seemed so real. Despite the impossible landscape, it felt like he was actually here. Here looked like the Midwest plains of America, at least it looked a lot like the movies he saw. From the wide open spaces to the dusty red clay of the earth. There was even what appeared to be a deserted Indian village. From one of the huts, a man exited, his back to John. There was something very familiar about the man, even from a distance. The man turned around and waved to John.
Sherlock squirmed trying to get comfortable, finally when he settled down his shoulder was tucked beneath John's, his head resting on John’s chest, one arm rested on the opposite shoulder and one long leg was tucked between John’s. After several minutes of Sherlock trying to calm himself down and John stroking his back, Sherlock had to admit he liked this. He was warm and felt safe, which was weird because Sherlock didn’t feel unsafe. John smelled like John and that was good.
“No reason. Have I ever told you that I find you quite attractive?”
Sherlock pulled the tie off and passed it to John watching as he gently worked the tie around the man’s leg and then tying it tight.
“Maybe, and I know I suggested it but I really do feel horrible for looking forward to it now.”
Sherlock smiled at John his eyes welling up with tears. He couldn’t speak past the emotions. John simply patted his hand and led him into the reception hall.
Sherlock wiggling from underneath the huge Christmas tree that stood in their sitting room further cementing the fact that John was indeed in the right flat.
Liam looked at John sideways and took a slight step away, “John, since when have you been able to read minds?”
John looked at Sherlock, his eyes full of gratitude. “I’m not afraid that I won’t succeed, Sherlock, I’m afraid of what I will find, or that there may be nothing I can do for him.”
“He almost died helping us last time and he is still having a tough time because of it.”
“Okay, well what do you wanna know?”
John looked at Sherlock and disbelief, he’d done it. He finally did it. “I could kiss you right now!” John blurted out instantly mortified.
John stood up clearly angry. “Sherlock I will not  go back to that insipid party while the one person I want to be-” John suddenly went quiet realizing what he was about to blurt out.
“I’m on a case.”
“You and John have been living together since you met. You work together, eat together, you have a joint bank account and you both even hate the same people.” Sherlock chuckled at that. “And if you told me right now that you weren’t in love with John I’d call you a liar. I see the way you look at each other. I was a bit slow and didn’t put two and two together until yesterday, but it's obvious.”
“I can’t sleep without you by my side.”
“I don’t know really. I only know he can see into a judge's soul and if they are found wanting he can remove their powers.”
“Oi! Don’t squeeze, I’ve got to use the loo.”
John laughed, “You all met us under the same circumstances more or less. It's like being initiated or something.”
John sighed in exasperation. “I’m screwed.”
“Mmm, sounds like you liked that Sherlock, shall I show you more?” John punctuated his question with a tweak of one of Sherlock’s nipples and a nip at his shoulder.
"Calm yourself, John, Otaktay is here, he just really needed to use the loo."
Sherlock kept an eye on Alasdair, after his ill comment about John, Sherlock wasn’t very keen on keeping the older vamp around, he found he no longer trusted him. He suspected that Liam and Mycroft felt the same way because he’d caught them both watching the man, Hyde, on the other hand, appeared to be a neutral party. He had stood with them when they had defended John but for the most part, he tried to diffuse situations before they became a problem. Even so, it became an unspoken agreement to never leave John alone with Alasdair. They were all learning quite a bit about vampires and lycanthropes, things that would hopefully help in defending humans against those that wished to enslave or hunt them.
John travelled in silence, leading the way to the beanstalk. He marvelled at how easily and comfortably Sherlock transitioned from friend to lover. John was still trying to wrap his mind around it. But he guess it would be easier for Sherlock, he never second-guessed himself and he hadn’t grown up with the societal norms being pressed upon him.
“Did you not see what just happened to John?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock thought at him. How was he supposed to answer? He knew Sherlock meant was there something up with Liam, but he wasn’t all right. His friend was in what seemed like a coma. Liam was acting uncharacteristically bossy and he was tired. Oh not to mention one of the oldest vampires in existence was gunning for him.
John stopped walking and turned to Otaktay, "Why do you call me little brother? It doesn't feel right."
“No, but some human decency would be nice. Who is he? He said you've been shagging a year.”
John mental laughter washed over Sherlock calming his fraying nerves. John was right; this could only help Otaktay and the group. He just couldn’t believe his kind and gentle love had told Otaktay he was their weakest link. Funny that he had been thinking the same thing earlier. “Alright well, showers all around and then bed.”
“You two were in here sleeping? Sherlock is supposed-” John startled Mycroft by pulling him into the room and shutting the door.
John loved the way Sherlock’s gaze followed his hand as he washed. “If you want I’ll sleep in the middle and hold Otaktay, so that doesn’t happen.” He teased.
“Yes, but- never mind, let’s sleep here. We slept in your bed last night, we can alternate.”
“Uh yeah, that’s what I said, weren't you listening?”
Sighing heavily Otaktay looked away. "It is complicated because I care for both of you. I would put my life on the line for both of you. And it has become apparent to me, I would like more, but, I don't wish to come between you two. A union should be honoured and I wish to do so and take myself out of the equation."
persons, not dead.”
“Did she communicate with you mind to mind?”
“Yeah? Well too bad, that's irrevocably over. And there is no competition.”
John looked at the body part in question. “I’m sure you can rub lotion on
“I don’t know. Maybe because I wasn’t expecting him to ask
John placed a quick kiss on the top of Sherlock's nose and resumed the delicate task of opening him up. John carefully worked Sherlock open, kissing him and whispering all the things he wanted to do to him.
“I’ve gotta ask, and please Samantha, don’t take this the wrong way. But are you doing something to Hyde? I ask because although we haven't known him long he hasn't seemed to take notice of anyone.”
When Sherlock started to move again John fell into step, they stopped in front of Rosie who was studiously practising with her eyes closed. Her little face scrunched up in concentration.
“And that’s what you did with the plant?”
Sherlock looked over at John. “Is it wrong that I don’t want to get up? I just want to lay here a little longer.” John didn’t comment he just opened his arms and like an enthusiastic puppy Sherlock rolled over and clamoured on top of him. He settled between John’s legs, his head resting between the crook of his neck and shoulder. Sherlock allowed his arms to settle to the side of John and sighed.
“Yeah. No. Hell, I don’t know. I just dreamed about Otaktay.” John used air quotations when he said dream.
“You two are plenty close. It’ll be fine Sherlock. You’ll be fine.”
This time when Sherlock woke up he remembered where he was and with whom. He then immediately realised the intimate position they were now in. Sherlock had apparently latched on to John in his sleep bringing parts of their anatomy close. Sherlock could feel John’s manhood resting snugly against his hip. He swallowed against the dry lump that formed in his throat.
? Hell, why aren’t all of us trying to jump your bones or each other for that matter?”
Sherlock climbed on the bed and pulled John back against him. He ran his hands up and down his arms. "I'm sorry, John." No reply came so Sherlock pressed on. "We can't do this. I can't do this. It'll hurt you too much."
"How you'll feel? Don't you recall Jericho and Alasdair?"
presume to know any of us, least of all John. He is the most unpredictable person here. But he is also the most loyal, caring and selfless person I have ever met. He has been to Hell in back in a matter of months, nearly died several times and he may bitch about the weight of the task entrusted to him, but not once has he half assed his duties or just abandoned them. We do not coddle him, we do not make excuses for him, but we do offer him strength when his is low.” Sherlock paused to compose himself and Liam stepped up to the plate in a manner of speaking.
in the air. And lastly, his hand was in Otaktay’s pyjamas wrapped around his member. He had jerked Otaktay off to completion, and that was why he smelled sex in the room. But he now also realised he was hard as a rock as was John who was still pressed against him.
John looked up meeting the eyes of first Sherlock and then the rest of the room. “Otaktay. We were wondering how Eimile had known where we were-”
“Sorry I fell asleep, I could’ve helped you with it.”
“Good, good. I need you to feed and come back here. Speak to Mansi, tell her how you feel, that we all worry and miss her. Get her to come back to us. I fear I am not enough to coax her back. Alasdair, were you able to feel her?”
“Why? I live here.” But when Sherlock turned to continue up the stairs he found the way blocked by a technician. “Fine, I’ll wait downstairs.”
feel about her?”
“John.” He said again. Like he felt his name held all the answers to the universe.
Releasing Sherlock, John carried the plates to the table and sat down, waiting for Sherlock to get all the excess fabric wrapped around him so he too could sit. Only once Sherlock had picked up his fork, did John do so as well.
“Sherlock.”
your case?”
“Calm down Sherlock. We’re just going to try out that sleeping in the same bed bit.”
“It’s finally stopped snowing again. If it doesn’t snow again Papa Sherlock might be able to come down.”
“Yes.”
“Course. If you were still serving in the Queen's Army I’m sure you wouldn't have been out tonight, and I wouldn't have had the good fortune of being saved by the most intriguing of men.”
“I hope I don’t embarrass myself; you know how I get when you hold me from behind.”
“Apparently she got you all worked up as well, you only call her mummy when you’re stressed or particularly emotional. Which is it Mycroft?”
Sherlock cried, allowing himself to be comforted by John and reassured. He loved this man, and John Watson loved him back.
Sherlock blinked slowly. So John wasn’t going to come. Well, he didn’t want to open the next clue or watch the video by himself, half the fun was having John to discuss the case with and the other half was having John stare up at him as if he was the most brilliant man to walk this planet. Sherlock decided to settle in beside John, perhaps he would allow him an hour more.
“John! What about your statements?”
“And to see Alasdair,” John added.
John looked over his shoulder and then rolled into Sherlock's arms. "I don't like this Sherlock. I don't like the stress this is putting on all of us. And I don't mean just this with Otaktay. I mean with us not knowing who to trust. Alasdair, Fiona, Hyde. I hate it."
"Don't be ridiculous, you're already here say your piece; is everything alright?" This came from Sherlock, and he barely sounded put off.
John nodded and let himself be led outside. However, once they cleared the door Sherlock gathered him in his arms and took to the sky. John yelped as the ground suddenly sped away from his feet. "Sherlock you have to warn me before you do something like that."
“We’ll find out soon enough, but I’m sure it won’t bother me.”
Sherlock sat staring after John long after he had disappeared. What had just happened? John was trying to tell him something, he was sure of it, but what exactly was he getting at? He brushed it aside long enough to untangle himself from his spot on the floor and retreat to his room. He needed to review the list John gave him but first he had a call to make.
"Before you speak O, I am going to address Sherlock." Turning to Sherlock John spoke earnestly. "Sherlock, I love you. Nothing could possibly change that. I also love Otaktay, he has become family. And I want both of you, no, all of us to be happy and be able to co-exist. I know you said you don't think there are any other reasons why you want to have sex with Otaktay, but I think there are a couple more. And I want you to understand I'm not judging. I think one of the reasons you want him is because you know he wants you and you know you could have him. It's an ego trip. Secondly, you want to keep him. Vampires are very territorial and you think of all of us as yours. Thus you want him to be happy and content.  You're convinced that only you can do that job."
Mycroft stood in front of Samantha, he stared at her. After a moment he walked around to her other side of her chair. “Do you mind standing up?”
John chuckled and looked over to see the man studying him. “Intriguing? What about you? How did you-”
“John,”
Sherlock looked at the picture of the other person really for the first time. He noticed for the first time the environment and the condition of the person, he wasn’t quite sure if it was a man or woman. Sherlock thought he saw what John had to assume the person had been hurt. To be sure he put his hand out and John immediately put the magnifying glass in it. Holding it over the picture he focused on the visible features, the person was photographed at such an angle it was almost impossible to see the face.
John looked at Rosie, he hadn’t yet told her they wouldn’t be able to visit for a while. He had been putting that off as well. Rosie smiled at him, that should have warned him, his little girl smiling and looking at him out of a face so similar to Mary’s. “Dada, can Sherlock come live with us? That way he could be my second dada, I could call him papa and we wouldn’t have to visit when it was cold and we could all be a family. Together. At home.” John felt like the floor had fallen from beneath him. His little girl couldn’t know what she asked. He looked to Sherlock to gauge the man’s reaction. Sherlock’s mouth was pinched closed in a thin line, but there was a hint of a smile there as he looked at Rosie, but John also thought he saw a sadness in the man’s eyes.
“And sticky.” John abandoned his thrusting to kiss Sherlock slowly through his orgasm. When Sherlock was boneless against him, tucking his head into the crook of John’s neck, he began driving into Sherlock again. His thighs burned with the effort of holding Sherlock and thrusting into him, his arms felt numb, but still he moved, chasing his own orgasm. John didn’t even feel marginally close. Frustrated he pulled out of Sherlock, sweeping him up in his arms and laying him on the bed.
Sherlock continued to stare at John as if they were having a stand off.
of them?”
Rayne had moved in with Lestrade, adjusting to life as a human was hard enough, but factoring in the fact that her psychic abilities had seemed to skyrocket in the process didn’t help. She was having to learn how to cope, Liam was helping her learn how to shield and harness her abilities much like he'd done for John.
“It was for an experiment. And I how was supposed to see your number written on the mirror? I was just supposed to walk in there and think, hey, let me turn on the hot water and see if the hot doctor left me his number?”
John climbed on the bed and laid on his side facing Rosie. He felt the bed dip down as Sherlock got in the bed beside him. His pulse quickened and he had a desire to turn and face the other man, wrap his arms around his middle and look into his eyes. John shook his head what on earth had gotten into him?
“Yes, yes. And I’m sorry to interrupt, but Mummy has just arrived and she won't stop badgering me.”
“And that was the lesser of two evils I suppose.” Lestrade finished.
“I wanted to surprise you, little brother.”
John looked at Samantha, maybe they shouldn’t go, and leaving her may not be a great idea. Or maybe they should bring her.
Otaktay glanced quickly at Sherlock and that was enough of an answer for John.
Sherlock's hands fluttered at John’s shoulders as he moaned a low yes. John chuckled before dipping his head again nibbling across Sherlock’s clavicle and over to the other ear. He licked slowly along the shell before whispering, “I’m going to make love to your mind as much as your body, I’m going to drive you so crazy with need you’re going to be begging me to take you.”
“Coffee with a bit of whisky in it, it’ll help warm you up.”
Sherlock sat up, the turn of the conversation had made Sherlock feel raw and morose. He didn’t like the thought that if things had played out differently John wouldn’t be sitting here next to him, he would be just another statistic.
Liam and Mycroft burst into the room along with Alasdair right behind him.
John stared at him a moment longer and then turned to Otaktay. "Tak, what do you want from us?"
“Alasdair makes me uneasy and Fíona I trust without reservation.”
“I know you didn’t hear a word I said, on account of you staring at John and all but maybe we should find our seats dear.”
Sherlock sidled up next to John, not saying anything he pointed up. John looked to where Sherlock pointed. The beanstalk was wavering precariously. “Do you think-”
Sherlock was breathless with the implications, but he couldn’t help his response, “I never beg.”
John stood up, teeth chattering he was cold all the way to the bone. Instead of dripping water all over the place John stripped out or his wet clothes there in the bath, letting the water out of the bath as he stepped out. Absently Sherlock handed him a towel and he wrapped it around his middle and rushed to the bedroom. John dried himself off quickly and jumped under the sheets and comforter. He was still shivering. “Sherlock! Get in here and warm me up. You owe me at least that much.”
John. “Johnnn.”
Sherlock stood up slowly keeping his eyes downcast, he visibly shook with rage. Sherlock stood quietly like that for some time. Liam and Mycroft having known Sherlock the longest watched with real trepidation. Sherlock was usually laidback but at times like this he could become fierce and unyielding.
“So was that him then? The ex?” Lestrade asked as he came forward.
Sherlock sighed with relief, gave a dismissive wave of his hand. “Oh, him.”
“Sherlock dear!”
John set about making his breakfast. He moved about the kitchen on autopilot, his mind wasn’t interested in anything but playing the kiss over and over again in his head. The kiss had been marvellous. Sherlock stepped up next to him and he smiled automatically. “Would you like something to eat?”
“Is this some kind of joke Sherlock? What is this?”
Sherlock bit down on John's shoulders drawing a hiss from the man, “Fuuuuck.”
“So your guy is using this bar to target gay men and women and killing them?”
When John had reached the apex of Sherlock’s thighs, he placed kisses all around his pelvis purposely avoiding his erection.
He could hear John on his mobile phone talking. But he realized it wasn't Lestrade. He could only be talking to Liam. Or maybe even Mycroft because he heard him ask if he could pop in and pop him back out.
“I would have if you hadn’t gotten up.”
“I shall show her to her room, if you all will excuse us.”
Sherlock laid on his back on the couch. He was in his flat and every now and again he would throw a small object into the air and catch it again. He was miserable. As impossible as it seemed he missed John. And his arm had been itching like crazy since the morning after the party. Every time he allowed himself to think about that night he berated himself all over again. Why had he fallen asleep? Why hadn’t he just given in and told the cute doctor he wanted him to stay the night? Why hadn’t he given John his number? He gave it to everyone else; he was a bloody fool. John had even attempted to clean him up, who does that?
“Right. Well, if Alasdair does try something with us, he’ll likely overlook you simply because you will be partially hidden behind me. Your height in this instance is an advantage.”
Sherlock went to the sitting room and it wasn’t long before the mournful melancholy sounds of a violin wafted through the flat.
“No, it’s not. But I am also wondering what is the purpose of your visit, especially since you know where we live.”
John approached Samantha with Sherlock right behind him. He closed his eyes and pictured magic filling the room and then surrounding Samantha, he imagined the light seeping into her skin saturating her. He heard a soft gasp, he wasn’t sure from who. When he felt like he could call no more magic into the room he opened his eyes. John blinked slowly. And once again. Every time he looked at Samantha head on she was blurry and out of focus; it looked as if something lay either underneath her skin or was swarming around her. Her image was staticy, it kept moving.
“And why shouldn’t I? It’s what he wants.”
“Yeah, that was what I was trying to figure out. Otaktay, I believe Ms. Samantha should go home.”  Sherlock said as John began nuzzling his neck.
“Sherlock!” John hissed. “Fuck.” The people may appear to be alone but there could be a trap or anything waiting for them. John rushed after Sherlock but stopped in his tracks as he came face to face with the scene before them. A woman lay on a blue tarp, her hip hastily bandaged and he was betting it hadn’t been properly cleaned prior. Next to her, a man lay with his leg flayed open, no bandages covered his wound and last but not least. Sherlock was standing over the body of a man dressed like John. From the angle, John couldn’t see his face but he was guessing it was Major Sholto. He was dressed and laid out exactly like the picture they had received. “Sherlock!” John needed him to snap out of it and help him with the two on the tarp. Pulling out his phone he called Lestrade. “Found them. We need medical attention asap. Yeah, just come straight back.”
After he finished stretching John dropped to the floor going into pushups. As an afterthought he wished he had brought along some music, it would have given him a reason not to talk to Alasdair.
Liam looked at Mansi incredulously. “Have you all lost your minds while I’ve been away?”
“Sherlock! Sherlock!”
As John made his way to the heart he watched as the magic he had forced into his friend attacked small blotches of darkness that had sequestered away in little nooks and crannies.
John made his way back to the house. Otaktay wasn’t in the sitting room where he’d left him, neither was Liam. John found Liam in one of the back rooms, the one he and Mycroft had shared a couple of times, he was on the phone most likely speaking to Mycroft.
Lestrade raised his hand and Rayne smacked it down.
He looked at John who was looking at Rosie with a quiet despair. He seemed oblivious to what was about to happen. Sherlock straightened up and looked little Rosie in the eye. How bad could it be? She was but a kid after all.
Sherlock complied with a pout.
“You don’t have to worry about me, I’ll sleep on the floor.”
“True. If you had I wouldn’t have been able to sleep next to you every night.”
“I found all ten bottles John.” Sherlock rushed on to say, “I know you aren’t drinking, but I don’t want to the temptation to become too great.”
"We are gathered here today to witness the union between John Watson and Sherlock Holmes."
“Well, John, if she was going to kill us she’d have done it already. And frankly I’m annoyed. Every time we get together it goes sideways.”
“Yes John.”
“Just one?”
John was as relaxed as he could possibly get. He wasn’t sure why he couldn’t focus as well as he normally did, especially in a crisis. But having Sherlock there holding him helped.
Sherlock came awake with a jolt. He immediately realised several things at once. First, he had been dreaming, Otaktay had not fucked him. Second, the smell of sex
Sherlock felt there was more, “How were you able to tell that was his eye? A lot of people have blue eyes.”
“John,” Sherlock spoke his name quietly as he held out a hand. John smiled as he took Sherlock’s hand and placed a kiss on the back of it before rereleasing it. Kneeling at the foot of Sherlock’s bed he captured the taller man’s ankle in his hand.
They didn’t speak as they made their way through the warehouse, just in case the people weren't here alone. John’s mobile vibrated in his pocket, it was Lestrade, he’d sent a text letting them know he had arrived with back up, but only he was coming in.
Sherlock locked eyes with John, “You’re thinking Samantha…”
His nightmares weren’t about killing his wife, as most people would assume. They were about his little girl. The one that never existed. In some dreams, she was stillborn, in others he watched helplessly as Mary killed her. How could he miss someone that never was? How could his heart be so effectively broken over a child that never existed?
“Hold up. You prepared? A dance?”
“That is part of the Judge's problem, you all coddle him. When he makes a mistake you make him feel better about himself. Stop it! He needs to stand up on his own two feet, learn his weaknesses and his strengths. And how to deal with them!”
“Thank you, Greg. You have been very helpful.”
“Right.”
Otakatay took a deep breath, closing his eyes for a heartbeat and then met John's gaze. "I call you brother to remind myself that that is all you will ever be to me. That is all I can ever hope to be to you. You've been in my mind, my heart, you know what confusion, what lust lies there. I don't know if it's my own or left over from Moriarty. Even if you felt some way towards me it could not happen, you are pledged to another."
“Rosie, Rosie. There, there love. I could never forget you, or your dada. Winter isn’t a very long time, especially not long enough for your dada to forget about me and marry someone else who won’t let you come visit and let me teach you. Don’t cry little bee.” Sherlock pulled her into a hug and rocked her gently until her tears subsided.
Sherlock released John from his embrace and stood up. Stretching he was pleased to see John glance down at the bit of skin that flashed as his shirt rode up in his stretch. John licked his lips and Sherlock smiled. John was very attuned to him. And obviously very attracted.
“He liked these eggs, they were made of pure gold.”
Alasdair closed his eyes and John watched, his apprehension growing with every second.
John held his breath while he waited to see what Sherlock’s next move would be.
John sighed loudly letting his displeasure be known. Normally he wouldn’t be so rude but he was very irritated and thinking about things he'd rather not think about.
“I think Otaktay has just gotten so used to being alone he doesn’t know how to be involved with a unit. He is also really big on facts. Maybe he holds out on us until he is sure of something, it just so happens by the time he is sure it is too late for himself.”
"I'll pick up the rings, just forward me the info." Mycroft looked down the hall, checking on the whereabouts of his baby brother.
John scoffed, tickling the hair on Sherlock's head. “I know what it means, but why? I mean James is not competition. That ship has sailed.”
“How about your lesson now Rosie? You will never be as good as me without practice.”
“Del?”
“Hmm?”
"Heat of the moment maybe?"
“So…”
Lestrade shrugged. “I’m human, touching her wouldn’t have served a purpose. And I called Rayne over because I know she has a gift and maybe she could’ve picked something up. But I can also see Rayne really doesn’t like this woman and I would like to sleep in my own bed tonight, so...”
“I don’t know Liam, Sherlock and I have started christening those rooms too, the empty ones at least. I’ll make sure you get one we haven’t been in Samantha.”
“No more sleeping pills tonight, hmm?”
Sherlock intercepted John getting in the car, “I’ll drive you direct me.”
Sherlock looked where she pointed. “Yes. But it's dehydrated so no nasty stains on the couch. I’m off Mrs Hudson was there something you needed?”
John gave Liam an apologetic look and turned back to Hyde. “Yes, but as I was getting to, if certain rules don’t apply to them will the cure even work on them?”
the frequencies.”
In the back of his mind, a voice whispered,
John gave a small smile, “I would hope so, you’re kind of stuck with me.”
John cut off Sherlock’s words with a gentle kiss, licking into his mouth slowly while he cradled his face between his hands. “Sherlock, that stops today. I’m going to show you how sex is way more than a physical release.”
love with you Sherlock Holmes.” John paused knowing Sherlock would need a moment to digest what he’d just said. “I know I reacted badly at first, but I was really caught off guard. I am doing all of this because I love you and it makes me happy to do it. To be here with you, able to reach out and take your hand, to touch your hair, to kiss you. And in time hopefully, we’ll be able to be together in every sense of the word. I am in no rush to get there, we’ll take as much time as you need.”
John saw Sherlock smile and he couldn't help smiling himself. “Are you teasing me, Sherlock?”
“Several things at once, you have taught me that love is beautiful and should be celebrated; also it makes Samantha more invested in our little group. She won’t be as ready to make a move against us if that is her plan.”
Sherlock was thoroughly confused. This woman didn’t even give off a vampire vibe yet John recognized her as Eva, Alasdair’s wife? And he just sat there calmly like this woman hadn’t put Mansi and Otaktay in a coma.
Absently Sherlock corrected John, “No, it’s like one continuous hug.”
“But you used your power against Alasdair.” Hyde pointed out.
Sherlock sighed. “She’s probably making good on those threats to talk to mother about me.”
“But if you ever find yourself in need, contact us and we’ll see what we can do.” Sherlock raced off at his top speed and was back before John could even protest. “Otaktay, just drop her off at the airport and come right back.” Sherlock scooped John up in his arms and was off again. A few seconds later they heard John cry out followed by a string of obscenities.
“Why the fuck would I tell you?”
“Rosie Bee?” Sherlock must be dreaming, he was looking into the smiling face of his little Rosie Bumble Bee. He was sure he had passed out somewhere in the snow, his body shutting down to try to preserve its energy. But Rosie’s excited squeal assaulted his ears still and left him wondering if maybe he had made it to John's home. Or maybe he had died and this was his heaven, because now that he was focusing he felt the distinct feeling of John holding him from behind. But...they appeared to be nude.
John finally broke the kiss, fighting to catch his breath. When he finally had enough control of his breathing he looked at Sherlock, seeing his swollen lips and red-rimmed eyes. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have.”
“Well Molly found the owner for the hip, we just have to find who belongs to the steel rods.”
“So essentially, we are all in danger?”
John glanced over his shoulder where the victim lay still. He and the guy in front of John did favor one another, the reasoning seemed as sound as when he’d told John about himself. John looked back over to the man whose name he had yet to learn, “Call the police.”
Samantha walked hesitantly back to the couch, sitting on the far end. I’m a Unhcegila, at least half.”
“No need to worry about me Sherlock. You never trusted me around John, but it was you who I found- find most beautiful.”
Sitting down he tried his hardest not to look in John’s direction.
“No offense and nothing personal, you’re just not integral to our fight and as you can see you complicate things.”
“No sweetie, that is Sherlock. Mycroft is the one that looks like he is in pain.”
Sherlock hadn’t specified who he was speaking to and all three of them looked at him.
“Yeah, I got angry at you for not believing in me.”
Sherlock used his considerable strength to roll them so that he was on top. He peppered John with kisses, speaking to him telepathically,
“I know. Rayne called yesterday. She wanted to make sure Mansi and Delma were still around. I assured her that they were still here, they had moved into the council’s quarters.”
“Why didn’t you tell Otaktay what you were?”
“Um hi, my name’s Samantha. I was told this is where I could find Judge Watson.” John looked over his shoulder to Liam who shrugged, he opened the door. Standing there was a tall, dirty blond curly haired female. She had light brown eyes, tanned with a vast network of freckles. Her accent and attire said she was an American, most likely from the south.
“For a case? But you’re not a cop.”
John saw the hurt pass across the man's face. “Sherlock, don't be so crass.”
Sherlock was more turned on then he had ever recalled being. His cock was hard and weeping on to his stomach. And as he watched between barely opened eyes, John licked a sweet line up his shaft causing it to jerk spastically against his will. Sherlock again reached for John, but the little imp just swatted his hands away. John would be the death of him, and not in a sexy way.
“Take the harp and goose over to the bushes along with the blanket you have to hide further in the woods and I will be along. A couple more strokes and I will be halfway through the stalk and it will definitely crash.”
Sherlock remained quiet and where he was. Nope, he was definitely not ready.
Each of them had taken a prosthetic and was searching for the owner in the database. John and Sherlock were actually sharing responsibility for the steel rods since those would be harder to track down. John already knew who the eye belong to and all pertinent current information they were able to get from Lestrade. They just needed to identify the other two.
John nodded his head and turned to leave, “We convene back in here in 3 hours. We’ll try again.” Mycroft was standing outside the room when they exited. “Help Liam to bed please.” Forgetting his manners Mycroft pushed past those exiting the room.
Several hours must have gone by, Sherlock lost track of time so wrapped in the music he was. The little girl's stomach growled loudly alerting him to the fact that they had been at it quite awhile and the little girl hadn’t complained once. Sherlock placed his violin in his case and stood up. “Are you hungry?” This seemed to upset the little girl, she looked out the window her eyes going wide she thrust her violin into Sherlock's hands.
Sherlock smiled at John wanting to be as supportive as possible. “Anything mon cœur.”
see?” Hyde asked.
John took both their hands. "Be honest with yourself and me."
John crossed his arms and chewed on the end of his thumb. Samantha was right, Alasdair should be a threat on principle alone. Something didn’t sit right about that. “You know what Sam, something else that has occurred to me.”
Sherlock looked up to answer, his eyes went wide and he bolted past John.
The Unhcegila was a magical creature, maybe he could communicate with her in that manner. John went and stood underneath the big Elm tree in the back yard. That tree had seen so much bloodshed and pain, if it could speak John was sure it would be screaming. Sitting down John closed his eyes and concentrated. He thought of Samantha both as she had been when they had first met her and also as the Unhcegila. He formed her images in his mind and tried to speak to her.
Whirling around, now feeling angry again Sherlock yelled up at the giant, “Why do you even keep me here? I am no use to you just a cheap parlour trick. Let me go and make my way in the world, I beseech you.”
Once Mycroft was gone John turned to Sherlock pulling him into his arms, “Was it just me or did Mycroft look gleeful?”
“What’s going on?”
"No offence Otaktay, but John, you don't want another partner. You love Otaktay as a friend but you don't want him in the bed with us."
John's breath froze in his lungs, what was Sherlock on about? If he wasn't happy about him marrying Mycroft, and he appeared to be downright against the ideal, what was he crying for? "If not Mycroft, then who Sherlock? I'm not getting any younger." John stared at Sherlock wishing the stubborn fool for once would give him something to go on. He knew what he hoped Sherlock meant by all this but did he dare hold on to that hope?
“No, I no idea.”
“Nope. Not gonna happen.”
“Why? You don’t know me, you don’t even know where I’ve been or what I've been up to. I could be working for Alasdair’s wife for all you know.”
“Um, excuse me? We all know I’m not a vampire.”
“Sherrrrlock, that’s not it at all. You’ve been neglecting your cases too. It’s that young man you brought home isn’t it?”
Sherlock smiled again, “Sex.”
Sherlock and John stood just behind the grooms. Sherlock saw tears in Mycroft's eyes. He never thought his brother was a softee, but he never pictured his brother getting married either, let alone to Lestrade. Sherlock looked at John and of course John was already smiling at him with his heart in his eyes. Sherlock could tell anyone anything about the wedding beyond that moment. The remainder of the wedding was a blur, all Sherlock saw was John and the possibility of this being them some day.
“Mmm, you smell good and feel even better.”
Everyone turned and faced the bed, Mansi was sitting up and reaching out; her voice was low and weak. Delma rushed to the bed pulling her into her arms. The two women embraced while Delma cried.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's middle and pressed his cheek against his back. “Yes, but I’ve been making bold moves all night, wouldn’t you say?”
“You said so yourself, you’re a lover not a fighter, and my gut instinct says you are not a threat to us.”
As if reading his mind Hyde said, “She’ll be fine. We’ll all be fine. I agree you need a bit of fresh air. Just be careful.”
“The more of my bare skin that touch the earth the more access to magic I have, it’s also easier this way.”
I love you.
Something inside him tightened at the sight of the little girl obviously happy to see him. Acting on pure instinct he jumped down and scooped the small girl into his arms. “Rosie! I’m so happy to see you!” Opening his eyes he saw John walking towards him with a gentle smile on his face. Sherlock felt something else inside him tighten something low and he felt like field mice were running in circles in his stomach. Letting Rosie go he addressed John, “You allowed her to come back, thank you.”
“Yeah! We got your back boo!” Liam yelled from the doorway.
John threw a murderous glare at Sherlock who looked back at him innocently.
“Hurry! I must hide you and your child before he makes it in here!”
John let Sherlock’s hand go and pulled away, choosing to lean against the table. “Two down, one to go. But I think we need a break. Molly, you have more than pulled your weight, I hope you know you don’t have to stick around. But we also enjoy your company, so completely up to you.”
“It was Alasdair who tried to get us to send Samantha away, and Fíona said we needed her. Also, I don’t know if you recall, when I asked you to take Samantha to the airport, Alasdair was the one to suggest sending either Mansi or Delma along. He told Sherlock and Mycroft he wasn’t exactly comfortable sending you off alone with Samantha which prompted Mycroft to send both girls after you. Fiona also insists that it was neither her or anyone who pledges allegiance to her that got in the bed with me that night. You were gone, so you most likely do not know about that incident. But the point is-”
“Ever hear of a playwright named Shakespeare?” When Sherlock gave Alasdair a completely unbelieving look he continued, “Yeah not that guy.”
Sherlock really had to say he was surprised when the man lifted his own hand up and cradled his face, ever mindful of his injury. Sherlock leaned into the kiss more, parting his lips slightly.
“Uh yeah.”
Sherlock was staring up at John with his sorrowful baby blue eyes. He looked at him with...with hope.
John exited the bathroom finally sated. He had a warm flannel to clean Sherlock, he saw that he was asleep and debated on waiting. Instead he rolled him over and cleaned him quickly and efficiently, Sherlock mumbled something but did not wake up.
He was aware that it was a Holmes thing, something both Mycroft and Sherlock said, but to him, it felt like a message. And on that night, the man that he loved returned. John had to find out the hard way, the cruel way that he was in love with Sherlock and as a result, he had been so angry when he saw Sherlock. Angry for leaving him for two years, no words, no hints, just a black headstone reflecting his grief back at him like some sort of funny mirror at a funhouse.
"They were not my friends. And I felt threatened by Jericho, you had history."
“Not exactly. Otaktay had performed this procedure on me and thus passing it
“Of course Sherlock. She genuinely seems happy for us. But I do think we need to be considerate of her in the beginning, give her time to get used to the idea of us as a couple.”
John called more magic to him, and imagining that the light was a healing flame he set the grey trail on fire; watching as the white healing light of the magic ate up the remnants of the evil trial like a fire to a fuse. Once the light died down John inspected Otaktay's mind for any remaining fragments or other dark blots of evil, he appeared to be clear.
When Sherlock came out the bathroom John was laying on the bed with his arms behind his head. He smiled. Sherlock had put on pyjamas. “Not going back to the party, Sherlock?”
Sherlock was half asleep still; he’d woke up cold, and his body went in search of the escaped warmth.
John sighed and turned back over giving Sherlock his back. The sun wasn’t even up yet and he’d be damned if he got up this early.
John plated their food and sat one plate in front of Sherlock, stealing a quick kiss as he did. “Are you alright Sherlock? What's gotten into you?”
John jumped completely engrossed in his thoughts. “Yes, baby?”
Sherlock wrapped both arms around John and John settled firmly between his legs, capturing his mouth again in a desperate kiss.
“Excuse me this is a private table,” from Sherlock and “Hello Eva,” from John.
“Look at it like this, taking a moment for yourself will clear your head and then you can tackle our problems from a different angle, a new, fresh perspective.”
“Yes. I can turn into any animal that has ever lived, as long as I can picture them. And since I know you can keep a secret I don't have to implore you not to tell or threaten a horrible outcome if you do, correct?”
“What’s on your mind, John? You look like you want to say something.”
“Yes. Thank you, Liam.”
“How do you know?” The alleged killer began to speak and both John and Sherlock yelled at him to shut up.
John’s voice was deliciously strained as he said, “You.”
“Every vampire in England knows where you live, I’m surprised they haven’t tried to ambush you yet.”
Sherlock reached in pulling out the pictures. The first picture showed John and Sherlock walking hand in hand, it was from their walk the day before. Sherlock was staring straight ahead while John looked up at Sherlock. If Sherlock had seen this look on anyone else's face he would have immediately deduced that that person was completely and utterly besotted. So- Sherlock glanced quickly at John, did this mean John was besotted with him?
John looked at Sherlock and smiled. “Maybe I should have just told him I subbed for your teddy bear instead.”
Sherlock's hands hovered above John’s shoulders, he wanted to console his friend but he wasn’t quite sure how to help. Gently and hesitantly Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and pulled him close. For minutes he said nothing as John had his moment. He wasn’t crying but he was obviously very upset which led Sherlock to believe this Sholto character was either a very close friend or family member. But if any of that was true Sherlock would've heard the name before, right? Unless Sholto was apart of John’s military past, the was the only real area they didn’t discuss. “John,” Sherlock placed a kissed on the top of John’s bent head. “Who is Sholto?" There was no response. "We need to pull ourselves together, the rhyme said
John broke the kiss abruptly. “Molly will be back soon, no need for her to see us like this.” John adjusted himself and smiled when he saw evidence that Sherlock had been just as affected by their kiss.
"I'm sorry John. That two I got while you were sleeping. I'm ashamed to admit usually after we've had sex. You're too knackered to notice me taking a bit here and there."
“Could you say my name again? Please.”
Sherlock was nervous and he didn’t know why; he’d slept in the same bed as John the night before. And they had been hugging and kissing all day. Well, they hadn’t been kissing as much as he would have liked. He climbed hesitantly into the bed, settling into John’s open and waiting arms. Sherlock had never done this and wasn’t sure how to lay so that they were both comfortable.
“I have an odd request, Sherlock.”
“John, don’t wake her.”
Sherlock without missing a beat shifted his gaze to John’s face and said, “Then why don’t you?” He watched as John wet his lips, most likely done subconsciously.
“This is- this is hard Sherlock! How am I supposed to make the right decision? We have been told many things about Fíona, from not just Alasdair but Mycroft, Liam, Hyde and Rayne. How can they all be wrong? What about you and your research?”
John noticed when she glanced at the large monitor showing Hyde she didn’t so much as flinch. Although he did notice that Rayne’s lip curled up in a silent snarl and Lestrade patted her leg in attempt to calm her. So, Liam had been right.
Sherlock snapped several pictures before pulling out the first neatly vacuumed sealed baggie. It held a newly liberated metal prosthetic hip joint. Fresh blood was still on the item. Next out was another baggie but this one had steel rods also covered in blood, and last but not least the final bag held a glass eye.
"And it isn't our fault. Besides, not everyone who develops feelings for someone else gets to act on them. It's life. He'll just have to deal with it."
He needs to read them same as he would a vampire make sure they are judge material. Bloodline makes them judges not their moral make-up. And frankly, you can’t hide anything from a judge.”
Sherlock nodded feeling quite morose now that John had brought up his impending death. John very well might live to be 150 years old and that would still not be long enough for Sherlock.
“Sherrrrrrlock! How nice of you to stand and greet daddy as he comes home. You’re in a better mood. Why?” the giant Moriarty asked suspiciously.
Sherlock scooted closer to Sherlock on the bed’s edge where they sat, their thighs brushing, knees bumping, Sherlock placed a comforting hand on John’s forearm. “What is it John? Just say it.”
Sherlock's mind raced, how on earth had she known about that?
“What was that for?” Sherlock asked staring at John’s back.
Sherlock raised a hand and traced the man’s jawline, and when the man turned his hazel eyes on him, he went for it; Sherlock leaned down and brushed his lips gently across his, closing his eyes and savoring the moment.
The next couple of days were strained at best. Alasdair sent Lachlan away, stating there was no need for the soft-hearted vampire and no need to tempt the rewiring that John had done to make him so.
She shrugged. I didn't stick around for the why. Didn't much matter."
John’s breathing was ragged. “No. But a moment longer and I would’ve had you beneath me. I’ll be back.” John moved as to kiss him again, but turned and left instead.
"John."
John didn't know what to say to that, he was sure he was blushing. It almost sounded as Sherlock was flirting with him. He flipped a couple of pages and then pointed to another picture, this one had navy as the primary colour. "You mean like this, is this the colour you're suggesting?"
“No thank you, not now.” John stood up as well getting some containers out to put away the food.
Sherlock smirked and looked at John; he noticed John was also smirking which meant he had picked up Otaktay’s mental curse.
John stumbled back several steps, eyes wide, “What?! I can’t dream walk, you must be the one dream walking.”
John shook his head and went searching for Sherlock’s bag. He followed the directions but found no bag, then he thought about the fact that Sherlock had longer legs and therefore his strides would be longer. John took 4 more steps and looked around, there pushed under a prickle bush. That had been smart of Sherlock, who ever tried getting the sack would get their hands all scratched up if they weren’t careful. John was careful and he had on his thick gloves, his hands were protected but the bush tore at the sack. When John finally got it free he was slightly out of breath. Not even bothering to look in the sack he gently picked it up and carried it back to the beanstalk. The bag was heavy and when he got close to the fire he sat the bag down and opened it. Inside was a small golden harp with the shape of a woman on it, and a small goose with some material tied around its beak.
Sherlock broke eye contact then, fishing inside his coat and pulling out John’s wallet. “Of course I didn’t kiss you to take your wallet. I took your wallet when I first bumped into you outside the bar.”
“Why does your-” John paused to try to think of the right word, “I don’t know what to call it. But why does it only seem to make people attracted to Sherlock, why not any of the rest of us? Like why don't I suddenly become attracted to Mycroft or Liam to me or any number of combinations.”
"Me," Sherlock whispered, his voice cracking around the edges.
Alasdair, Mycroft, Liam and Lachlan walked into the sitting room, all taking various seats.
Sherlock’s own cock was trapped between the door and his stomach, every delicious thrust of John’s hips created much needed friction to his shaft.
The two of them stood there awkwardly not saying anything. Sherlock had his hands in his pockets still and John kept his hands clasped behind his back.
“When you and I met, you were quite fragile, and I did not miss how close you were to breaking. Did you have your suicide planned out? Where and how you were going to do it?”
Sherlock was stuffed and didn’t want to move. John was massaging his feet beneath the table and it was true he hadn’t gotten much sleep. It all combined to make him very lazy and compliant.
Once inside he was a little disappointed to see Sherlock was back in bed. His back was to John but he was sure he was asleep. Stripping down John took a quick shower and climbed between the sheets pulling Sherlock firmly into his arms.
“Both I suppose. You would think the situation would allow for it.”
"I'm sorry. I was up when Otaktay left out of here early this morning. And when I came out of the room again a bit ago, I heard the shower. I thought you were all up and...I saw Alasdair standing outside of the room last night." Samantha blurted it out quickly as if she expected to be ridiculed for her statement.
“You shouldn’t.”
“Hi.”
“You keep presuming to know- dear god!” John had bit down on his ear and thrust against him in one smooth motion cutting off Sherlock’s retort.
“Nah, it was a crap idea to call him at all. He became such a recluse, after the incident, he'd received so many death threats he stopped going out, stopped communicating with the outside world.”
“Not that I think you’re wrong, I mean let's face it you’re far better looking, smarter and just more interesting than me, but how do we know for sure? It wasn’t addressed.”
“Yes but not as regular as humans. And I had always seemed to need less sleep than other vamps. Actually, that’s something else most vampire lore got wrong,”
Now they were both rushing around trying to get ready for the wedding, they were in the wedding party they couldn’t be late. It was a bloody sunrise wedding, and right after would be the reception serving breakfast foods.
“Did you-”Sherlock's voice cracked just a bit around the edges, “was there a spot you fancied above others for your well thought out plans?”
“Oh. Sorry bout that.”
“Destroying its foundation. That’s brilliant.”
"A job. And Mycroft has agreed to stay open to the possibility of something developing between us."
“My wallet. Please give it back to me.”
"Friendship."
John gave a humorous laugh. Maybe he had planned on it but we didn't have sex. So whatever his plan was, it was foiled."
“True. Well on another note, I was thinking-”
“I’ve seen him do it.
John lay awake for a while longer staring at the man before him. He held Sherlock’s hand between them on the sheets. He was beautiful. Like this he looked so at peace and just beautiful. It was hard for John to think of any other words to describe this man. Having just met him he was sure there were things about him that he would not like, but the core of this man was beautiful. He put others before him rather he realised it or not. He had taken Rosie under his wing and kept her safe like a surrogate dad. He had risked himself to keep them safe when it would have been so much easier to let the giant have them. John’s heart bled for Sherlock, a man who had never known a simple kindness but offered it without expectations. The man so unaccustomed to kindness and friendship and hugs that he not only craved it, it scared him. But he faced his fears and asked what he wanted, said what he wanted. He was like a child in ways. When Sherlock had asked him to say his name it nearly broke his heart, knowing the reason for it had to be because he’d never heard his name spoken by someone who wanted nothing from him. Who didn’t hurt him. There was Rosie of course, but John knew first hand that children were in a different category than adults, then people you considered your peers. John wished he and Sherlock could have stayed awake talking too. It had been a long time since he had any adult conversation.
“All right then. Sherlock you and I should go next. I want to see if I sense anything on my own first and if not I want you to lend me a hand.”
“She said they're all booked up and there was nothing she could do. I don’t know if that is true or just payback.”
“I saw her as I meditated.”
Sighing John let his fingertips play in the curls at the back of Sherlock’s head as he guided him down to meet his lips. He’d only meant to brush their lips together briefly, a perfectly chaste kiss to say ‘see you later’. But the moment Sherlock sighed against him, John felt like a wildfire had taken hold of his body.
Sherlock watched as Otaktay thought it over. He was happy he was taking the question seriously and giving it some thought but he was kind of apprehensive about his answer. Plus, he knew John would be asking him the same questions and he honestly wasn't sure what his answer would be.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He listened to what John said, and the way he said it. It amazed him, John Watson was in love with him. He
“Kiss me.”
“Not this time little brother. I was a bit too preoccupied with my own wedding.”
Otaktay started walking, his hands behind his back. “You have never called me anything but my given name.”
“Can you please try. And I will try as well.” John gave Delma a hopeful smile, squeezed Sherlock’s hand and delved back in.
“Hey, it’s okay truly.” When Sherlock still didn’t speak, John thought it best to just treat it like it didn’t happen. “Where is your loo?” Sherlock turned and looked at John quickly and then pointed to the corner. There was a small curtained off section, John assumed this served as the bathroom.
I found out something just horri -
“So in short, each kidnapped person was considered a sexual predator rather it was true or not.”
“Where did you get that?”
John reached a hand up and caressed Sherlock's face, "Had it been anyone else I'd be furious. But I know you take my well-being seriously and would never do anything that would put me in danger."
“Oh.”
He popped out of the room and into his own down the hall. He had wanted Sherlock to cross the line. He made this all safe with his good looks bordering on pretty. Otaktay could almost pretend he was kissing a woman. But then he thought about John; he couldn't do this to John. He would need to find a way to douse the fire awoken in him last night.
. Sherlock looked up, he saw the sincerity in John’s eyes and most of all he could see clearly how much the other man loved him. Blinking back the tears Sherlock squeezed John’s hands. “Let’s go find these people.”
John turned and shrugged at Lestrade. “You know everything we do. Write it up, take credit.”
Slowly John could see Sherlock colour improving.
Sherlock smiled before answering, “I see you had the same idea, you’re wearing your pyjamas too.”
“Fly it on the wind to him.”
“Do you think Molly will be alright?”
John wanted the situation handled with as little awkwardness and drama as possible. They still had two more nights to get through. “Good morning Sherlock. I trust the sleeping pills helped you sleep like a baby, teddy bear included.” He joked.
Samantha was wringing her hands and John was starting to feel aroused. "Samantha, Sherlock will not hurt you. You are a guest in our home and under our protection. Please don't worry. What's on your mind?" John could feel her struggling to get her emotions under control.
Sherlock watched as John slowly revealed more and more skin. His mouth was dry and he was having a hard time formulating words. “Um, uh, y-yeah, it’s fine.”
John licked his lips, he wanted to kiss Sherlock more at this moment than any other moment that he could remember. Refraining from doing so he simply stared at his bedmate. He’d always thought Sherlock gorgeous, but when he slept, all calm and not bouncing off walls, he was absolutely ethereal. John wanted to touch this untouchable beauty. He raised his hand, and just as he got up the nerve to reach over and touch him, Sherlock sat up quickly, with his eyes still closed he ripped off his pyjama shirt throwing it across the room. John watched as Sherlock plopped back down, he barely missed landing on John’s head. They were so close, in fact, Sherlock’s hair was tickling his nose.
“Also John, during our little incident with Alasdair and Sherlock, when you used you psionic blast and the pulse of power, they only affected Alasdair. None of us were even slightly hurt, not even Sherlock who was standing the closest to him.
Mycroft turned to John, “Please John, certainly you can talk some sense into him.”
“Sherlock, you’re not helping.”
“So you are
“No!” Sherlock winced. He hadn’t meant to yell, way to look smooth he thought. He started across the floor stopping a few feet from John, shoving his hands into his coat pockets- they shook with the need to touch his doctor. Or soldier rather, he happened to be currently dressed for the part. “John, why are you here? Where is Lestrade?”
“Sherlock,”
“How about for today you do two cracks of thunder 13 seconds apart when it’s safe. And we will make up the signal each day that way there is no pattern.”
Sherlock got up slowly, a little hurt that John didn’t like the heart, he thought it had been a nice touch, bringing a bit of realism. Picking up the platter he placed it in the refrigerator. Turning around he saw the look of derision John shot him, “I’ll, uh- take care of that later.”
Alasdair interrupted, “Are you two okay?”
“He’s getting ready to make my violin!”
“Not happy, I think you’ve finally broken me. I have reconciled myself to my situation.”
“What do you think?” Sherlock asked as John sat back down taking a huge sip of his wine.
“Had it occurred to me I would have stopped the rain sooner.”
Samantha sniffled again before answering. "Yup. Said he was ta get close to me."
John saw firsthand what Fiona had spoken about; Hyde was having trouble with his loyalties. He had stood with them before against Alasdair, and if it came to it, he was sure Hyde would choose them again.
“Yeah. I know I promised you I’d stay an hour but he was worth it. I couldn’t keep my eyes off him.”
“We could have really used his help with Moriarty.” argued Mycroft.
John couldn’t ignore the truth in Hyde’s words, they made him feel guilty. He had only been thinking of himself and not what could have Otaktay feeling this way. Truth be told John felt lost without Otaktay’s guidance. Leaning back in his chair John let his head rest on Sherlock’s stomach.
John crushed his mouth to Sherlock’s once again, pumping his hips fast; every stroke driving the men closer to orgasm.
Once inside the bathroom, Sherlock all but collapsed against the door. He’d died. He’d died and gone to his own personal heaven where nothing existed but John Watson. Pulling off the rest of his soggy clothes Sherlock dried off. Looking down at himself he marveled at the effect John had him. There would be no hiding it.
John smiled at the other man. “No. I’m never careless with my wallet. My only question is did you kiss me simply to relieve me of my wallet?”
“Well it’s settled. We’ll have ourselves a little date night. I don’t believe we’ve ever actually gone on a date, John.”
Otaktay came out of the bathroom; he felt the tension in the room, he wasn’t naive enough to think he wasn’t the reason for it. “Sherlock, good to see you again.”
Mycroft pulled Sherlock into an uncharacteristic hug, before pulling away he whispered, “Your turn Sherlock. Make an honest man out of John.” With his arm still around Sherlock he turned Sherlock to face John, nodding in his direction. “Don’t let that one get away brother mine, he is something special.”
Sherlock turned his head and looked John in the eyes. He stared at him for a good long moment, long enough to see his eye slowly shift from blue to amber. He tried to get his body to cooperate, he wanted to tell John he needed him but his body was frozen while his mind raced on.
“No, no-” Sherlock sniffled, “It has nothing to do with my brother. I’m not hurt, just go, leave me to my tears please.”
John gave a small smile, his eyes dipping to Sherlock’s lips again. “It was bloody brilliant.”
“I don’t really think that would be the coup de grâce, more like when you passed your “judge locating” ability to me.”
Sherlock started for the door and John followed closely behind. John halted Sherlock with a hand on his arm. “It’s Lachlan. I can feel his energy but he isn’t alone. I can sense someone else but it’s almost like empty space, I mean they must be a vampire since I can sense them, right?”
John was quiet for a while before he spoke up, his voice heavy with weariness. “I don’t know.” John yawned before continuing, “I remember you telling me before vampires needed sleep.”
John reclined back on the couch, his arm thrown over his face. Christ! It was his fault that Sholto was in trouble, somewhere possibly hurt with two other people. The major had managed to go years staying under the radar, staying out of reach of those who blamed him for the death of family members and wanted to harm him. Because of his previous association with Major Sholto and now his current association with Sherlock, Sholto was in big trouble. It was little consolation knowing had it not been James it would have been someone else.
“Where was she?”
“Um, I have to admit this is a bit odd for me.”
Sherlock walked over to the woman, even he could feel her grief and he wasn't the empath. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders loosely. "There, there now. You can tell us. And if you need us to handle someone, we will."
first, Sherlock.”
John sighed heavily, scratching at his shoulder before responding, "I tried that first, now will you please stop interrupting me?”
“Am I expected to coddle every man I sleep with?”
“John. He just waltzed right in and dragged my sorry behind out.” Otaktay said with a smile.
Samantha looked around at the other men present, she was clearly nervous and John felt a familiar burn and ache take up residence in his loins. “Hey, how about everyone give us a little space, huh? Samantha isn’t going to hurt me.” Silently he added,
“Fair enough.”
John turns to see if the drunk man needs any help but sees he is surrounded by plenty of would-be suitors. Shrugging it off John walks back over to the bar and drops some bills next to his unfinished drink and walks out.
“Nonsense. She is doing a fine job of it. And if she breaks it, I’ll make her another one.”
Sherlock grinned. “Agreed. You’re coming back today?”
Mike chuckled, “No, he barely has any friends. I think you would be better off approaching him, he’s not very good with people.”
“I’m not sure that is such a good idea, everything considered.”
John kissed Sherlock softly, telling the great detective how he felt without words.
"Okay."
John let out a breath of exasperation, “Greg, his name is Greg and no, I don’t think he did. I think he needs to have bomb squad scan it.” John felt awful when he saw the joy fade from Sherlock’s face. If this wasn’t an actual gift and it was something to hurt Sherlock he swore whoever was behind it would pay. They had been having a lovely day. Taking out his phone he called Mrs Hudson. “Yes, hello Mrs Hudson, while Sherlock and I out did you or anyone else bring a gift up to our flat? Uh huh, hmm, I see. Thank you, Mrs Hudson, maybe you should go stay at your sister's after your bridge game, you know, for the holiday. Maybe. Alright, you take care too.”
“Situation? What does that mean exactly?” Lestrade asked.
Crossing his arms and pouting Sherlock commented, "I noticed you didn't put Otaktay on the trust list either, are you sure this isn't your insecurities talking."
Sherlock’s mother bent and gave Sherlock a loud kiss on the cheek and a tight hug. And she repeated the gesture with John. “Behave, Sherlock. You all have a good night, it was nice finally meeting you Martha.”
“He seems pretty nice.”
“Mmm hmm.”
Sherlock let out a low groan at the intimacy of Otaktay talking to him this in this fashion, and at his words that caused a small fire to ignite.
“I would have you here, right now; why do I want you so much? Gods, but I will take it if I have to.”
They continued to the house in silence.
John helped Sherlock to his feet, “I love you Sherlock Holmes. And even though I think we would’ve spent the rest of our lives together in some capacity, I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you as my husband.”
“Hmm?”
Sighing John wrapped his own arms around Sherlock.
“Oh. M-”
“Maybe he wants you to introduce him to us.” the woman on the left said.
“Fine. Do you know what happened?”
Sherlock turned and looked at the man. Oh, he was sharp, most people wouldn’t have noticed his slip back into a normal, sober, law abiding citizen. “No. I was in there for a case.”
Now John groaned out loud. That ridiculous nickname again? Throwing a hand over his eyes he sighed and went to adjust himself when Sherlock caught his hand. John lifted his head and looked at Sherlock.
“Or embarrass you, dear brother.”
Sherlock could feel the heat from John’s body radiating beneath the covers. He had taken two of John’s pills but he still couldn’t see himself falling asleep anytime soon. John shifted. The bed was so small their shoulders brushed and Sherlock inhaled sharply.
“Nothing, just a thought that maybe we're a tad bit careless.”
John looked at a smug Sherlock, “How about I give Sherlock my name as well?”
“You didn’t have to say it. I put it together after a time. Remember, you said I’m clever too.”
Sherlock felt his insides tighten and his body jerk at John words and their hidden meaning. Sherlock tipped his face down just a fraction, running his lips over John’s.
“Yes.” After a bit of silence, Sherlock spoke again. “John, I know kids can be fanciful if I do find a way to come live with you two I don’t expect or won’t hold you to Rosie expectations of us being a family. You are her father and if you remarry that...well, the woman you marry will be her mother then. I love Rosie and want only the best for her.”
John smiled up at Sherlock. “Don’t. It says in the email that he was off chasing a lead that would prove beneficial to us.”
John woke up to an empty room. He was stretching, going to look for Sherlock when he stopped mid-stretch, Samantha was sitting on the couch in the sitting room. She was wringing her hands and her eyes were red-rimmed as if she had been crying. John sent a mental shout to the ladies and approached the woman. He sat down in his ugly plaid chair that Sherlock hated so much. “Are you alright Samantha?” John saw both Mansi and Delma enter from the kitchen weapons drawn. He shook his head almost imperceptibly. Samantha didn’t answer, just sniffled louder and wiped a hand across her nose. “Uh, where were you? We sent the ladies to go look for you.”
“No, but at the time that we first started seeing one another, I was still under his command. There are rules about those sort of things you know.”
“I call bull.”
“I do.” Sherlock turned in John's arms and kissed him, taking his time to explore the delicious recesses of John's mouth.
After everything was set up around them to ensure a more comfortable endeavour John passed Sherlock a mug.
Sherlock obliged happily. Afterwards, he took off his gloves, placed his hands on the base of the beanstalk and began concentrating.
Back in their room, the men lay in bed, their legs entwined and their bare upper angled away from one another so their bodies made a 'V’ shape.
"You're supposed to be at dinner with my brother."
“Did you really think they wouldn't notice you two holding hands? They watch everything you do at a crime scene.”
“I don’t understand.”
Samantha answered in English. “Otaktay brought me here.”
John lifted his head and looked at the man who held him, who was trying so hard to console him. He loved him all the more for it. Sherlock had never been held and John would bet money that he had never allowed anyone to console him when he was upset, yet here he was. John kissed Sherlock quickly showing his gratitude before standing up to pace. “Sholto, who is Sholto. The easy answer, and the answer I give anyone who asks, he was my old commanding officer.”
Lachlan and Mycroft came out to help get everyone inside.
“Have you all lost your bloody minds?” This came from Lestrade, “You’re all acting like a cat whose territory has been invaded by another cat.”
“Figure what out exactly?”
“Yes. That is a good word.”
“Otaktay,” John whispered, not really paying anyone else any attention at the moment.
John looked at Sherlock amused, “What is she on about? I’m pretty sure her name isn’t Sherlock and it’s not even a girls name.”
“Everywhere you look, Alasdair, is there planting suspicion, but it is subtle you don't notice and don't become suspicious of his intentions.”
From the door, Sherlock stood in his dressing gown and watched as John pumped out several reps. Alasdair was standing over John looking every bit as a predator and John his prey but then Alasdair as if sensing Sherlock turned to him smiled, giving him a wink, like some got damn father figure. Sherlock had been getting the whole father figure vibe from the man since he arrived but seeing him standing over John as he lay there glistening with sweat, pushing himself physically, looking all sexy, it really set Sherlock on edge. The smile and wink instead of calming him only infuriated him.
“I’m sorry that my- confrontation ran you off from the bar.” Sherlock offered.
Sherlock knew the exact moment that John woke up. And the exact moment he realized Sherlock was holding him with a morning erection. In a perfect world, John would turn over and ask him if needed help with said erection, but this wasn’t a perfect world.
Alasdair closed his eyes for a long moment and then opened them stating she was not.
John heard Sherlock but he was so upset he refused to acknowledge him. He was not only upset with Sherlock, but he was also upset with himself. For trying to solve the Otaktay business by forcing the man he loved into someone else's arms. And now that was coming back on him.
When John was done with Sherlock’s feet and calves he moved up further on the bed, coming up on his knees he took one of Sherlock’s hands in his next. He loved these long delicate fingers. He placed a kiss on each finger tip before applying the lotion. He worked the lotion into the skin, going between each finger and working upwards. Adding more lotion John massaged up Sherlock’s arm, when he reached his biceps he was sure that Sherlock was purring. “Are you purring Sherlock?”
“Not that keen? I haven’t been able to get you off my bloody mind! And this,” Sherlock jabbed himself in the side of his head several times, “this is my hard drive, it makes sense to put only important things in here, and you have been occupying so much of my hard drive I haven’t been able to solve a simple locked door, murder-suicide case for Lestrade!” Sherlock gestured at a door to his left that was cracked just a hair.
“Sherlock, were you embarrassed when everyone noticed we were holding hands?”
“Yeah, Lestrade said she was a bit antsy. And she’s been having nightmares.”
Another gentle press of lips, this time over a nipple, one of Sherlock’s highly sensitive areas. He dared not move least Otaktay realize he was aware. Part of him wanted to see just how far the skinwalker was willing to take this and a part of him was appalled their friend would even dare. Another part still was in shock that Otaktay did dare and with him nonetheless. He’d always presumed Otaktay had a thing for John. Perhaps, Otaktay was feeling grateful and did not know how to show it, so he was offering his body. But that still could not be right. Sherlock distinctively recalled John telling him that Otaktay was torn about his attraction to them because he was born and raised in a time that homosexuality was frowned upon. The man currently running his teeth over his nipple didn’t appear to have any such qualms about it. He bit the inside of his cheek to keep from moaning.
“Christ, you really do think I’m a kid.”
John moved forward quickly, kissing Sherlock to distraction.
Outside, after walking a couple of feet from the bar's entrance someone bumps into him roughly. John reaches out a hand to steady them and realizes it’s the man from inside.
John frowned. That had been too easy. “What are you up to Sherlock? That was entirely too easy.”
