"We could just go for a stroll around Central Park, find a good hot dog stand, enjoy the evening," Tony mumbled, yawning again. He reached out for Steve, trying to sit up, glad that the super-soldier helped him up so that he was able to wrap his arms around the blond and hug him tightly. "I'm glad you asked me out. While I'm still surprised that someone as wonderful as you would be interested in someone... like
"Good, it works," he said, grinning when Clint just glared at him.
There was no way… “How’d you know his name was Peter?”
…and he let them.
“I already know that you are, though,” Steve murmured, tilting his head up so that he could kiss Tony’s forehead. There was another Steve that this Tony was going to go kiss as they prepared to bring half the universe back, and he had his own Tony to get back to in just a minute. The other stone and hammer had already been taken care of, only these last few moments remained.
The fire was a little overwhelming—someone had set these on fire on purpose, and had planned this out. That really sucked, because chances were it wasn't just some random attack. They'd been targeting this building for a reason, and he was worried to think that Steve might be the reason. It wasn't like he tweeted it out that Cap was taking him to this place...
, right? Could it have been the fall? "A while ago, when you and Clint made that multi-dimensional portal—"
Tony couldn't hide his smile as the two of them headed towards the lab. Steve understood him. He had nothing to worry about.
“We need to find a way to tell Skrulls apart from normal people… I don’t want this ever happening again, to
, they called themselves—had changed to look exactly like him. Not even medical examinations could tell them apart, because the Skrull now had the same DNA as he did. So there was a good chance that his team wouldn’t even
that,” Tony pointed out, giving her a quick hug before he let Steve and Bruce drag him off to the medical room.
The woman looked him up and down, wrinkling her nose at him and frowning. “You can’t possibly be talking about that
It wasn't that he didn't enjoy dinner—Bucky was a great cook, and he
"How's Bucky doing?" Sam asked cautiously.
It was strange saying that he got used to the new routine. It was mostly the same—breakfast in the morning with whoever happened to be awake at the time, some time in the lab, usually with Steve, sometimes with other Avengers, out to lunch with Steve and then some time out enjoying the day without anyone recognizing them, then back to the tower for dinner (or out with Steve, but they mostly had dinner with the team) and then typically either more lab time with Steve or hanging out with the team. It was rather easy to get used to—mornings or evenings in the lab were typically spent with Bruce, trying to figure out a way to reverse it, but Bruce was constantly worried that Tony might be affected by it again so he usually ended up kicking Tony out of his lab.
Husband and husband. Where was his husband? Hadn’t he… hadn’t he married a man? Because it was legal, as of… 2015, right? No, it was only 1951 right now, that couldn’t possibly be right.
about your serum, and..."
"We should go do a sneak attack," Clint said. Steve had already started drawing a map in the dirt of where everything was.
"There's no
, and before Tony was able to close the door, Steve set his own briefcase down on the next table, startling the genius and making Tony nearly drop his briefcase as he turned around to face him, eyes wide and nervous.
," Steve spat. "He wasn't
when we'd get another dimension-traveler," a peppy woman with brown hair said as she walked up to him. "So tell me, Steve, how's your world? We've seen and heard of some crazy worlds so far."
Sam Wilson, a friend that Steve had met and a man that Tony wanted to invite to the Avengers, was the one who was awake when Steve woke up. Tony had only heard about what he'd said, about how he'd chastised Steve for making Tony worry so much while still comforting his new friend after Bucky left again.
truth. “Steve isn’t choosing between me and Peggy. He’s choosing between the family that he thinks he knows and something that he can’t even remember. But even if he could, he’d be choosing between me and the family that he always wanted. I wouldn’t blame him for choosing to have a family, Buck.”
“I’ve missed you so much,” Tony whispered, pressing his face against his lover’s chest. “I thought that it would be months before I was going to go home. I thought that I was going to be beaten and locked away for
“Always,” Steve whispered. “I would do anything for my team, but especially for you, Tony. I’ve made a lot of mistakes, and I know we’ve talked about some of them, but… I’m just glad I’ll have a chance to make up for them now.”
“And you could’ve
The genius silenced him with a soft kiss and a gentle smile. "We've got a lifetime, Cap. You don't have to worry so much about that—enjoy the time we've got. Tomorrow could be our last day—every time we go into battle, we risk that. Any accident could change our futures together. But that doesn't mean that we shouldn't love each other while we have each other. We'll figure it out—
Sighing, Tony decided that he’d go tell Bruce about it. His Science Bro wouldn’t laugh in his face for marrying Steve, right? Bruce had been thrilled with his and Steve’s relationship. He’d said so when they worked in the lab together, and whenever Tony asked for advice, Bruce was always the one who he turned to. While not being ‘that kind of doctor,’ Bruce always seemed to have the best advice.
“On our first
“Oh, so you believe her without an interrogation? Not fair,” Clint muttered.
He couldn’t wait to be home, with his family finally back together again. He didn’t have to return home with no stones and a hole in his heart anymore, he could return with the stones back where and
"I'm going to have to thank him more once he's actually awake," Steve said. He was grinning, and when Tony's eyes met his, he seemed to understand what the genius was thinking. But they couldn't ditch their friends, not right away.
While that seemed to lighten the mood a little, everyone still seemed unsure of what to say. Eventually Bruce spoke up, asking if he'd be able to take Tony over to the medical room just to make sure everything was fine. Tony was a little glad that Steve followed after him, because at least if he was around maybe Bruce wouldn't get too personal with the questions—but then again, why would it matter if his husband was around?
"How do I look, doc?" Tony asked, though he really didn't need to. His team had all had positive reactions, so he guessed that he looked just as he used to.
before the ritual? They would’ve
The ‘congratulations’ never came.
Steve gave Bruce a wary look. “You, uh, aren’t going to have to stick me with that needle, right?”
Steve's devious look morphed into a wide smile. There was no doubt that he was thinking the same thing, because he knew Tony all too well. "That sounds great."
Bruce rolled his eyes as he helped Tony over towards the spaceship, the moment that Clint saw Bucky, he raced over to the other super-solder and whispered something to him. Tony just leaned against Steve and relished in the fact that there
"Once we find Clint, go home, okay?" Tony murmured, stopping on the edge of the forest. As dangerous as the forest could be sometimes, out in the open could be even more dangerous, as the group had already found out.
The only differences to their color scheme were their own ties—Tony and Steve had picked them out together since they
If they
think that he was going to be a horrible husband, he barely said a word because he couldn’t
—Tony finished off the rest of the bottle and placed it on the ground, gently rolling it away so that he wouldn't trip on it.
"Clint, I know you don't want to hear this, but I want you to stay back quite a bit," Steve said, stopping the archer before he was able to argue. "You're a master at long-range already, and you're wounded. The frontline is
room,
"Iron Man!" Bucky shouted, and Steve winced a little. "What happened? Where's Steve?"
marrying. And now? Now a new energy and excitement ran through his veins, one that he wanted to share with his team, his family.
Tony knew that he couldn't continue panicking. Bucky needed them right now. All they had to do was break into the place, take out Hydra, and find out where they were keeping Bucky. Once they got him back... everything would be fine again.
Tony looked just as he did before he had died, so full of energy and vengeance and strength. There was this desire to
"Tony?" The brunet looked over at his boyfriend in confusion. "You're making weird faces again. There's something wrong, I
The moment that Steve grabbed ahold of him, Tony headed off in the direction of the stairs, blasting down each door before Steve had a chance to open any of them. Every time the rooms were empty, Tony started panicking a little bit more. It wasn't until they'd blasted open every door on the lower two floors when they found him.
, Steve, and that I wasn’t going to see my family…”
"You too," Bucky whispered. "You two look like hell. Have you gotten
"I never really got a good answer on
"You have found him... many times," Steve pointed out. "But he hasn't come back. But that doesn't matter right now. Please. Can I take you out to dinner tonight? We haven't done that in a while."
Tony nodded. There was nothing except for love in those gorgeous eyes of his. He was home, and he was home to stay.
It wasn’t Peggy, it was his brown-eyed fella. He knew so.
"Well, there was that one world that had a female me..." Stark said, and his Captain smirked. "She was pretty hot though, so I can't complain."
“Sounds just like Tony,” Steve chuckled. He was always making such incredible inventions, ones that amazed him. Before they met, he didn’t realize that one man was able to be that smart, so… perfect.
potentially
skilled and very capable, and neither of them really had anything to worry about. They'd do perfectly fine without either of them for a few days—hopefully less.
they should be, with the two people he’d been missing.
"Of course not," this world's Stark defended. "I just haven't tried making a portal to another dimension because chances are someone could use it to gather too many villains up from other dimensions. Did you think of that one, Stark?"
"Shellhead, stay close," Steve said when the armored Avenger struggled with close range fighting. He didn't argue, which meant that he knew that he needed some help. His teammate backed up, blasting one of the Hydra villains away from Steve, who offered him a quick thanks before more agents appeared.
gripping Steve's hand, the grip was weak, and it really worried the blond.
," Steve said. He trusted Tony—he trusted Iron Man. It wasn't like this was going to make him lose trust in the armored Avenger. Now he just knew that... instead of a stranger at his side—a stranger he trusted, yes—he now knew that it was the man he cared more about than any other person. It was the man he was in love with.
his family, Tony. You’re the love of his life, and I
"Would you, um... if I wanted to... Can I kiss you?" Steve asked nervously. His cheeks were flushed, and man, it just made him look even more adorable.
"How many times do I have to tell you not to apologize for nightmares?" Steve murmured, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
"If you hadn't tried to block that blast..." Tony took a deep breath. "Jarvis and I ran through the calculations and... I'm only here today because you stepped in, Steve. It affected the super-soldier serum differently, and because you tried protecting me from the blast... I would've been aged out of existence, Steve. Gone. Dust. Just..." He knew his hands were shaking, because the thought of just being
The first time he changed was two weeks ago, not too long after the battle. When he changed, he apparently lost
, you can't really blame me for freaking out," Tony said, wrapping his arms around his husband. He loved just
"How did—when did—I never even... How did you
“Get rid of…?” Steve asked. There was no way that they were—
Steve couldn’t find the energy to sit up, to see what had happened to his arm, what had happened to the stones. His ears were still ringing with the energy from the stones, the blast that had potentially recreated what had been destroyed. But had they really been?
. "T-they kept creating these fake memories to break me, when I was the Winter Soldier, a-and they'd make it seem like everything was good and then they'd take it all away and
"I just need to know... what happened here, Tony," Steve whispered, one large hand gently moving down to cover Tony's chest. That's when the genius realized that he didn't have a shirt on anymore, and Steve's hand... his hand was covering the arc reactor. "I didn't know..." Did he connect the dots, piece it together and discover that he was Iron Man? Was he disappointed, seeing that Iron Man was supposed to be a hero, when he was nothing but a screw up? "...You said you had a heart condition, but..."
Steve’s eyes flashed open, and he tried to control his breathing. He was panicking, his team was
His family.
—but he didn’t want to listen. He was trying to save Tony—the townspeople were trying to kill Tony. Where was Tony?
For the longest time, Bucky had been told what he was and what he wasn't—he was an assassin, a weapon, not a human, he didn't have free will, he was a bad person, he wasn't Bucky Barnes—except he didn't have
, but his whole life just seemed…
“I’ve missed this,” Peggy whispered, snuggling up against his side. Steve just smiled, keeping his arms wrapped around her. Every day that he was with her felt even better than the last, because she was by his side. He’d promised her forever… Their wedding day was perfect. He’d had this brilliant white suit with that bright gold tie that made the gold in those brown eyes of his sparkle… wait. Peggy had been wearing a white dress, not a suit and tie…
"I think the first thing that I'm going to finish when we're back to normal... is these new trick arrows," Tony said, snuggling up against his husband's side. "They're always the most fun to work on. It was
“No what?” Rhodey asked loudly as he shoved open the door, making sure to close it quickly. “Looks like they finally got you in a suit, huh?”
been turned into," Clint chuckled, hooking an arm, or rather
, you're been keeping us all safe by upgrading our armor and weapons... You've been better to us than I'd ever expected, the first time I was told that you were offering us a place to stay. You've been nothing but kind, and one day the rest of the world will see that... if you
“N-no, I can’t… I’ll just hurt you guys, I know I will,” Tony said. Steve wasn’t sure he’d ever heard the other man sound so
“The system
, but he thought that he did. He had the life that he was probably dreaming of back before, when they were in the war together.
“Hey babe,” Tony murmured, giving his lover a quick kiss. “There’s something I want to talk with you about. The adoption agency called, and they told me… that they found someone who might fit in well with our family. I don’t know a thing about the child—I’m thankful I don’t, because I don’t want to get attached to an idea when I haven’t even met the child, but…
“That would’ve been much better,” Steve muttered, not even bothering to glance over at the ghost-like man. “The years haven’t treated you well, huh, Skull?”
Steve agreed, because Thanos had destroyed the stones, their timeline would need new ones. Their universe needed stones.
"You got the plane back?" Steve asked.
But it was
“I promise too,” Tony whispered, leaning closer to press a quick yet soft kiss to his lips before pulling back. “Even though I still think you’re an idiot for doing this. I was prepared to—to die to save the universe.”
at his bedside, gripping his hand and gently cupping his face, murmuring, "It's okay, Tony, I'm here, you're safe, there's no reason to worry."
" Tony gasped, dropping the helmet. "Okay, did literally
"Good," Steve murmured, leaning forward to kiss his boyfriend for a moment. "Because I'm really glad that you're Iron Man, and the team has become like a little family. I don't think they'd be mad in the slightest. They've never treated you like you were less, when you claimed Iron Man was your bodyguard."
"I would've preferred white hair any day," Steve said, and Tony couldn't help but smile and close his eyes as Steve's hands carded through his hair. It just felt so
"I'm not scared anymore," Tony said, throwing his shirt off into some corner. There was a confidence that had returned to his movements, a confidence that Steve had missed. He hated thinking that Tony would ever doubt the love that he had for him.
The Skrulls had been thrilled to learn that Tony was very close to his team. Each ones of his teammates changed back into that green-skinned, pointy eared
There was an almost regretful look on the woman’s face. “Her curses can’t be fixed—no one ever has been. Whatever happened—your friend is gone, now. People aren’t strong enough to be able to control her curses, and they become mindless beasts that know nothing more than
"I hate it here," Bucky muttered, and Tony couldn't really blame him.
He liked to think that it was a good sign.
"Tony?" Rogers spoke up, fear evident in his voice. He took a step towards him, but Tony just shook his head and glared at his dimensional double.
"So," Steve said, gesturing to one of Tony's other side projects, "you wanna finish telling me about this one before we head upstairs? And maybe after dinner we can lock the lab down, and if you want to work on any of these—light work, nothing too strenuous—then I can help with that."
"You didn't mean that, Loki was messing with our minds... I know so, Steve, so don't even. I know that face," Tony mumbled, being the mind-reader that he was. "I got those words out of my head pretty quickly. It's just... no matter what I do, I can still hear Howard telling me how worthless I am, how I'll never be good for anything... Why would anyone want Tony Stark to be Iron Man when he's just such a big fucking mistake?"
Steve is not even afraid anymore, he has nothing to lose now. It's impossible Tony doesn't already know how much Steve wanted that kiss, not seeing how he trembled under his touch that day.
He's appealed when he notices Natasha's approval, she's looking at him like she's satisfied of his reaction.
«Thank god!» Tony's fingers play with the hem of his shirt, he sighs. «Come here, let me mend your poor broken heart»
Steve hides his chuckles against Tony skin, his nose pressing in his collarbone and subtly breathing in his scent, while his arms pull Tony closer to him. It can't be true, does Tony really want to be with him? It seems so obvious now, but he's afraid all the same.
Things get messier and even more confusing when he turns and Steve Rogers is there, very adult and his usual beautiful self, a glass of orange juice in his hand and his stare fixed on Stevie.
Tony is not even sure Steve's breathing anymore after these words. It's funny, because on the other hand he is hyperventilating, his lips hurt because of how much he's smiling. But Steve won't open his eyes, convinced that they don't have a single chance, like he was before. He tentatively touches his face, Steve's pretty eyelashes flutter surprised, but he doesn't move, so Tony puts an arm around his waist and drags him closer, feeling Steve's chest raising when he takes a deep breath, his pink lips open slowly like he wants to say something else.
He steps away and Tony grips his arm, bewildered and disappointed.
Steven — he's the bigger of the two and Tony needs to distinguish them somehow — takes cautious steps closer, pondering if Tony is in some kind of danger and trying hard not to freak out, but he's visibly more startled than Tony is by what he is observing.
«Yeah, it's always Natasha» he murmurs, his tongue clicking when he shows his face again, but he briefly looks up at the ceiling. «I'm sorry, it was very shitty for me to only think about my feelings and wishes and ignore yours»
Tony is avoiding him – he probably caught on Steve's feeling, and he is just trying to spare him a heartbreak. Or maybe, in the best hypothesis, he'll call one of these days to openly talk about their feelings and see where things could go between them.
«Will you blush too if I kiss you, Steve?»
Tony kisses him on the lips, but then starts peppering his face with tiny little kisses. His hands are groping Steve's ass, though.
«Since when?!»
«I never did»
Oh, well, it got better : there's a kid cuddling on the couch with him, and not only he smells like Steve, but he also has soft golden blonde hair, an Irish complexion and pink soft lips.
Tony puts his feet on the ground, invades his personal space in a few seconds. Steve is overwhelmed by his smell and closeness, how is he supposed to tell him anything if he can't even concentrate long enough to put two words together?
Truth to be told, Steve is terrified of being rejected. On some level, he knows he shouldn't let the thing drop. He still doesn't know why Tony kissed him.
Tony is so small between his arms, Steve's almost engulfing him. He's conscious of every part of his body against his, of every movement Tony makes, from his slightly quickened breath to his legs tightening behind his back. But it's not something fragile or awkward, they just fit. Tony is small, but Steve's the one who feels safe.
Tony kisses him, a soft, shy moan escaping from his mouth, shutting down all his thoughts.
«I'm definitely not Pepper»
«I see» she closes the magazine, Tony's face is on the cover, smiling and Steve's heart is fool enough to start beating faster.
Tony laughs and pulls his arm, his eyes sparkling. Steve goes pliantly, narrowing his eyes at Tony's strange reaction. He ends up between Tony's thighs, Tony's hand stroking his back to calm him down.
He kisses his temple to sweeten the pill, taking him in his arms just because he wants to. Tony's bedroom is not too far away from his office and no one was around. Tony holds onto him.
Steve nods, slowly and closes his eyes tight, like he's waiting for the worst to happen.
He thought Tony was trying to irritate him, but it doesn't seem the case because he's still friendly, snarky and adorable with him (always spending his free time hanging out together, smiling and being so sweet that sometimes Steve has to hold back from cuddling him and kissing every inch of his body ...).
"What? Lame? What are you talking about?"
«You're spacing out again, Steve. I'm starting to feel ignored»
Tony raises an eyebrow, his expression and posture changing drastically. He's confused and maybe a little annoyed, Steve is at loss.
So, there's a kid cuddling on the couch with him, and he smells and feels like Steve.
Steve has still some difficulties, still feels as their lives are constantly threatened by something he can't stop, sometimes he needs his teammates to bring him back to reality, but he's fine.
«What do you say if we call Barnes? Or Sam? Or Natasha? You can stay with them while I try to understand what happened to you, mh?»
Tony perks up at his words, his fingers tracing the lines of his t-shirt's design, his doe eyes are fixed on his face and Steve somehow knows there's a question in the fluttering of his eyelashes, so he rushes to explain.
Tony hasn't noticed him yet, his head is lowered, he's slowly massaging his temples, his eyes closed. His red tie is undone, a few buttons of his shirt are opened, he's barefoot, and he's sitting cross-legged on the desk. He's a mess, Steve's fingers hitch with the need to pet his hair.
Stevie knits his eyebrows together, makes his bottom lip fuller and radiates malcontent, kicking his leg a little and looking downward. Tony didn't think Steve could do that with his face. (It doesn't matter if he's a kid now, he thought Steve's stoic expression wouldn't ever be replaced by something else. Two different emotion in this little time is too much.)
His voice is so tiny, but somehow it hasn't lost his tone of command. He puts his hand on Tony's face and just smiles, like waiting for him to close his eyes again.
His voice is too thin, and he can't say anything else, his head is spinning.
Steve is having a hard time thinking with all this touching, he's still not used to it, but it feels nice. "No... no." He clears his throat because his voice seemed strained to his own ears "It's fine, sometimes the way they depict us is a little tiresome, but sure... it's fine, I guess"
He hopes he's not blushing too much, but Tony caresses his cheeks fascinated, so he failed at keeping his cool.
It's stupid to ask something and try to have a conversation with Tony, so intent in feeling every part of his body with his hands and lips. Not that Steve minds, but he's puzzled.
He was lost in his thoughts, looking at the last tweet Tony wrote (answering to a fan imploring them to marry, telling her he's waiting for Steve to ask) when the latter approaches the couch he was sprawled on.
«What? Do you want to do something about it?»
He should be so angry right now, but instead he's holding him closer. He can't keep from moaning a little when Tony bites down on his skin.
He takes his time, steps slowly in the office. He knew seeing Tony's face again would probably make him go haywire, and he was not wrong.
He slowly lets Tony sit on his desk again, he fixes his shirt, caress his hair trying to reshape it a little bit, everything to delay the moment he won't touch him anymore.
There's a heat in Tony's eyes, so strong that Steve shivers, feeling it in his guts too. His cheeks redden for another reason altogether.
"I'm going to figure out how to show you eventually that I'm here, I love you, and I'm not going to be leaving you
It had been those aliens the whole time. His team wasn’t coming to rescue him, not now. It would be a while before they managed to even figure out that he wasn’t really at the tower.
In that moment, Tony didn't care if it was his
It had been thirteen days and counting since his abduction. If you asked him a few years ago, Tony would’ve thought anyone who believed in aliens was completely insane and just spouting off nonsense. But then Loki from
, darling. That isn't going to change. You don't have to worry about Bucky. At least, you don't have to worry about me leaving you for him. It's never going to happen. He's basically my brother, and the thought of..." Steve shook his head, chuckling again. "Nope, that's not going to happen. And you don't have to worry about it, okay?"
"I hope not," Bucky whispered, a smile gracing his lips when Steve snuggled closer.
It wasn’t like they gave him the title of Captain America for no reason. He
The genius froze when he felt someone grab his arm as he walked past, and he turned around sharply to tell his teammates that he needed some time by himself.
“Thank you,” Tony said, snuggling back up into his chair. He kept ahold of one of Steve’s hands and pressed a kiss to his palm. They were going to start a family… and there was still a chance that they would. All Steve had to do was wake up.
reversible? When he'd said that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with Steve, he thought he'd have longer. His only response was, "I hate this."
"It's fine though, 'cause we're both here, and everything will be fine soon," Tony said, patting his husband's back. "I just thought you should know, because... because that says a
“Thank you,” he said, a little discouraged. He’d just have to look somewhere else for her, then. “I heard there was a big, town-wide ritual tonight—I thought maybe she would be involved…?”
"You're going to stay here and get some rest," Tony said, glad to be pressed up against his lover's chest. Steve was behind Bucky, an arm wrapped around both of them.
Steve actually smiled at that. "No, I suppose we won't be. No more getting interrupted by missions—that doesn't sound too bad to me. At least, for a few days."
should’ve realized something was up if they saw you reacting how I saw you reacting,” Steve pointed out, huffing angrily. Tony just smirked and turned around so that he could kiss his lover.
the woman said quickly, casting a fearful look to the forest not too far away. “Stay in the town, find him in the morning. The beasts hunt during the night, but they tend not to attack people during the day.”
everyone.”
“Actually, there’s something that I need to… that I should say,” Tony spoke up. “There’s been a bit of a situation here, a really tough, uh, family situation. And we may not actually be able to go through with any adoption at this point in time.” After a moment of silence, he added, “Can I call you back in three weeks, when the child is ready? Just in case?”
wake up. One day he’ll beat that program, and he’ll come back to us. And I just have to be patient until then, because if I’m not, I’ll only hurt him—and that’s the last thing that I’d ever want to do.”
It was for the best, after all.
"I'm going to secure the weapons," Bucky called, running over to one of the other sections of the large plane. If Hydra got ahold of those weapons... He didn't know what
“Yes, biologically—mine and Thor’s. He would have called me mama if we haven’t taught him not to do it around—
Clint opened a bag of chips, “Yup, we’re out of cash and they do not take credit card here.” Stuffing his mouth, “So they do trades—you are now Mr. Fix-it.”
She wagged a finger at him, “Nuh-uh. I heard of you and believe me you have your hands full.” As in cue, Steve growls, mostly towards Tony, his displeasure. Tony rolled his eyes and waved Steve off, “Don’t mind him. That’s all he does, anyway. He could be hungry,” he shrugged.
The car stopped at their destination. It was a quiet, comfortable—this time, ride.
He flung the lamp, but it was blocked by “Rhodey!” he shouted.
He could confidently say now, that Thor’s parents were living a very comfortable life. Looking at the two-story colonial white, and some gold, house. With a nice porch with two rocking chairs, he held a chuckle on that.
not exactly the word he would use.
He lost his parents to a car accident when he was just nineteen.
“Okay boys break it up” Natasha spread her arms wide, “My turn” she said haughty. They both laughed and hug. “Am I glad you are back.”
“Mm yea…” Rhodes took a sip of his coffee, “The way he looks at you. Not sure if he wants to deck you or…” he trailed off.
Tony was not a coward. He always faces on all obstacles. Steve was—he wasn’t sure what Steve is exactly. At least towards him. He was frightening to Tony, too much an unknown for him.
“Ah, my son Loki does nothing but make fun of an old man…” Odin whined, but they could see the humor in his eye.
Steve thumb moved, stroking the back of Tony hand. “So, you’d know that it not an easy process.” He watched as Tony nodded. “It takes a lot from the person. Everything changes, body wise. The way she was…” he swallowed, a faraway look, as he remembered his mother in bed. She was frail, her eyes lost that vibrancy. His dad took care of all her needs. Steve would help, urging his father to rest. Same blue eyes as him, a man who was huge, also looked fragile and most time scared and hid it as soon as his son looked his way.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint spread the flowers on the counter, he looked at Rhodey, “Laura and I went to one of those flowers classes. Learned the meaning and how to place them.” He said it nonchalantly as he placed the flowers. “What?”
He walked toward them, Steve clasped a hand over his shoulder. “Sam, this is Tony. Tony meet Sam Wilson.”
He felt Tony puff of laugh against his throat. “I’ve never thought I would see the day someone did that to me.” Steve gave a throaty laugh. “Get used to it.”
Bruce blushed and rubbed the back of his head. “Thanks.” He stood still as he felt Steve glared at him, feeling he would have been disintegrated by that look where he stood. He wasn’t sure what to believe when Natasha told him of the news and their visitors or that Steve was territorial around one of them. He was feeling the heat now. He wanted to runaway now.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint took a bite of his toast, “Yea, our babysitters” with his mouth full.
******
Their hands full. Moving to toss the items on the counter. “Tones—this whole town,” Rhodes expands his hands.
He left the attorney office. It seemed that Aunt Peggy kept leaving surprises for him.
Steve looked at him with a brow raised.
—and the two deputies watching them, holding hands. Tony flushed. They weren’t the only eyes watching them.
The passenger side door opened, Loki stepped out. Thor moved instantly to stand by him, “You should not be here,” he frowned.
“You are right. I am the boss,” he barks out a laugh, Pepper chuckling at the other end. “Alright boss let me have it.”
I like bottom Tony, sorry guys.
“Looks to me that everyone is making good progress with Tony. Beside you.” Bucky patted his back empathically.
He made a complete turn and spotted Steve sauntering over to him.
Oh, maybe he should have done this in the beginning. As Steve lips quirked up, amused. He took hold of Tony hand and pulled him out the shop. Last sight was Loki laughing face.
Pepper moved towards him and gave him a tight hug. Hand soothing his back. It just like her to read him. Aunt Peggy was good at that too.
Rebecca turned away and smiled at the others. “Bye! See you around Tony!” she wave as she took the direction where the foxes went.
*****
Well, that
“Everything they need to know who they are and what we are. And later, way later, the birds and the bees, some parents just can’t do it.” He laughed.
” he could see Tony’s mind consume the information. “Let’s leave that for another time.” Tony mouth snapped shut. Steve coughed, to disguise his laugh.
Rhodey let go of Tony moving to stand in front “Hold up! This is not legal, ya know. What makes you think we’ll stick around?”
He groaned as he rose from the bed. He moved a hand to rub the sleep from his face and brush fingers into his hair as he got up and followed his nose to the kitchen.
“Also, Tony is our precious friend. You may be different and could probably easily handle us. But hurt Tony and nothing will stop all my military training to kick your ass.” Rhodey finished.
“Morning,” Rhodey smiled, a mug of coffee he settles on the counter for Tony.
He should just go back home. But damn it to hell if he wasn’t so stubborn to find this damn place. Maybe it was a family trait. Not one Stark’s or Aunt Peggy would concede defeat.
Okay, he was totally reconsidering the décor of this place. He usually had people, like Pepper, deal with things like this. But he highly doubts he’ll be selling this place and god knows he needs this place to look appealing to him.
“Mm,” Tony hummed. As Steve let him go, looking behind him. Steve was huge everywhere. He held him against his skin. He was happy that the moon didn’t light everything up. Or Steve would see Tony completely red, as he started to rub himself against Steve stomach. They both were hard, and Tony took that as a good sign. Though he’s not sure why he felt this way toward Steve.
He turned to face a sweet looking strawberry blond,” Hey Pep.”
Tony cleared his throat, “Why didn’t she convert?” Steve's eyes widened, taken aback that Tony knew about that. “Sam, told me.” Tony answered.
Tony clutched Clint shirt. Well, he had a flash of his life. Not a good sign.
“And bacon,” Clint said proudly.
Moving around the living space and a look into a kitchen.
Tony heard a curse. “Someone else here?”
“There was quite some commotion, we first thought Loki was the cause again, but seems other sources say otherwise” James provided.
It was a chill morning, winter was moving out and spring would soon come in. Steve moved toward his truck and got in. Tony settle next to him.
Loki spoke, “Tony, I am sorry for tonight. If you need anything” he splayed his hands out and clenched his hands as they fell to his sides, “Well you know where to find me in town.”
Which gave Tony little shivers. He liked Steve hands all over him.
“D-do you really have to—” he cut off as he tried to shake Steve’s hand off. But he was holding him tightly. “Something wrong?”
Tony toss himself on the armchair, only thing not broken. His legs over the arm, “Oh yes, I definitely could have handle Steve. He’s like… what?... 6 feet, probably 200 pounds or so.” He snapped and pointed, “Definitely could have handle that.”
“Yggdrasil.” Tony looked down by him. A little girl spoke, her tone filled with wonder.
“Yea, you are, kid. Who said that?” Steve placed his hand over her head. Jazmin frowned, this kid was too cute to be frowning, Tony thought. “Everyone.” She crossed her arms.
Tony, Tony… he laughed. Slumping forward, fingers rubbing his lips. Tony is his. When he returned to the old place, he felt it. That was a clue. He ignored it; he ignored so many signs. When he touched him—it was blazing, and he knew instinctively, Tony felt it. When Tony thank him for fixing that door—the acknowledgement—the satisfaction he felt of pleasing a
“Now, the roots of this tree are deep. Reaching others. Asgard is not the only place,” her eyes looked to her guests. “Once you are older, you will get to see these other places. Or you may have already since not all of us were born in Asgard.”
“Wade” Thor tone held a warning. Wade falter at the sound.
“Indeed,” Odin agreed. “Come Tony,” Odin slid out the car.
“The old place? I’m going to guess Odin has something to do with this?” they’ve turned their attention to the gruff voice.
They watched as the lion instantly plop down and shifted.
Bucky just entered, gave a once over look and let out a whistle. His eyes fell to Tony and Steve, and to—Tony looked down, their clasped hand. He shook, he would conclude was Steve, hand off.
Carter” he got Steve full attention. The full-on sharp blue eyes on him.
“Well, Loki is known for his mischief here and there. So, I am glad this time it was not him. But we have an outsider,” James opened his mouth, Natasha held her hand up—stopping him, to let Thor finish. “He is visiting, taking care of business at the old
Steve did go home. To his own little cabin.
“Well, here a question for you, when do you guys,” he motioned a couple of kids that were shifting. Frigga clapping excitedly at their accomplishment.
He didn’t remember much that day. Only the steak was amazing—he should marry Rhodey, really. But everything was a blur.
“And how long is that?” Clint piped in.
There is going to be mpreg, so I suggest you turn back if you are not into that.
“More like working from home” she chimed.
He could hear the twinkle of her laugh.
Steve must have had the same idea. He ducked his head down; he felt the slight inhale he took. Then blue and brown met and—Tony cleared his throat and turned his head to the direction the kids ran from, “Wh—what was that?” his voice wavered.
"Well… yea" he flapped his arms at his side. "I like him." Hearing it from his mouth. That part of him was thrilled with the confession. Which he remembered, that part of him, he has yet to analyze.
“We do.” He agreed. “But, not today,” he swallowed. “I feel like—like once inside, we’ll definitely talk. But… but I have a feeling that something else might happen,” Steve arch his brow. “And I’m not ready,” he finished.
Wade was about to move in, when Loki moved between them. “Tony, how about we go to the market close by. You probably need to stock up for the time you are here” Tony nodded as he exited the shop. Before Loki stepped out, he turned to the men.
“So, that makes you half?” she nodded again. “So, you are a shifter.” She puffed at Tony. Tony chuckled, “So tell me why are you grumpy, like Steve?” Another giggle earned.
“Boooo! Come on boss, take pity on me”
Everyone looked around for the source, except for Steve and Tony as they looked up.
Once he made it to the hall, it was cold. He could have sworn Steve had the fireplace lit. When he made it to the living room, it was and looked to the front door being open and Bucky standing in the doorway.
He blames his hangover for him being docile, his body reaction to burrow into Steve's side.
Tony slid his chair back. Taking his coffee, trying to get as much space from Steve. “I’m going to finish some work.”
******
“That’s right Rhodey,” Tony slapped his back and turned to Clint. “And I’ll make sure Laura knows how brave you were and name one of our kid after you.”
Tony inhaled the aroma, took a gulp. Having the warmth spill into him. He gave his friend a grateful smile, “Have I told you how much I love you.”
“And if I were?” Steve countered. He straightens up, his mouth set in a grim line. Tony pursed his lips, thinking. “What are you?”
*****
“The name is Antony Stark. But call me Tony” he reached a hand out, “Odin” he took Tony hand in a shake.
“So why are we not wiping away?” Clint spoke up again. He wasn’t so freaked out anymore. More intrigued at this point.
Tony tried his best not to grip them hard, but he gave Steve a startle look as he brushed his hole. Steve kissed the side of his neck, “Don’t worry, I promise it won’t go too far, just want to touch you.” He whispered into his skin.
“You could do that?” Clint questioned in awe.
“Date and time Rogers?” Tony eyes held humor.
Thor sighed and moved to cuff Wade ear. “Ow ow ow…” Wade, struggling a little when he was led out the house, his brother close behind.
“It’s not like you don’t like to do this stuff.” Rhodes smiled. “I am a genius, a graduate from MIT. With a Master’s in engineering and physics—and you guys… pretty much sold me out for a bag of potato chips and a toaster,” he lifts said toaster.
“I’m open to suggestions," Steve finished.
His friend huffed out a laugh, “Yea, what of it” he finished placing the last of the eggs on his plate.
“Natasha” Bucky chastised.
Tony let out a short laugh, “That’s one way of putting it. You guys must be used to the weird weather,” Tony supplied as the elder man chuckled, with a knowing look.
Rhodey could feel Tony anxiety from across the room. He moved behind tony, grasping his shoulder—holding him close. “Listen, just, what will happen? We’re smart enough to know this” He waved his hand around, “Is not a publicized thing.”
“My name is Anthony Stark” he supplied.
Steve was becoming something complex for him. Snobs mainly surrounded Tony. High society, overly aggressive reporters. Tony was raised—and was good at it—to handle all of that with all the suaveness that a Stark man would have. His dad would be proud.
“Ah—was in the neighborhood?” Loki laughed, “I’m guessing our sheriff not giving you a warm welcome” Steve huffed, not turning his eyes away.
*****
“For the hundredth time, you look good.” it exasperated Rhodey. He couldn’t remember Tony being like this. He wished Pepper was there to see that.
The brunette saunter towards them, a lazy smile upon his face. “You guys can relax. We have a thing against murder,” signaling that they were heard. “I’m James Barnes, but call me Bucky, yea,” he pointed a thumb to the red-head “That’s Natasha. Warning though, she is dangerous. Not too against murder," Natasha grinned. The guys faces blanched and Bucky chuckled, “Kidding. Seriously relax, I promise nothing involving gravesites will happen at all.”
Well at first, they seemed to turned cat like…no, he was mistaken, they’ve dilated, for whatever reason. Either way Tony felt a bit wary and took his hand back.
Tony turned and looked down. Floating? Oh, this was so great his little brain was flashing with so much information and possibilities and, “Wow!” he faced Steve again. “The fog?”
Tony sighed, “Thanks” he gave a stilted wave, as Loki bid his goodnights.
Natasha and Bucky shared a look.
“Well, maybe not lions—are there bears? I prefer bears.”
“Not enough,” they turned to Natasha as she found the bottles. “Looks like four max. Three barely halfway done and—” she picked up one empty bottle, lips lifted “One empty.”
Before he tossed the bottle away, Steve took it. Also, placing some on his fingers and moved behind Tony.
“There’s a closet full of crap,” Clint responded, joining Tony at the counter. “Barely could sleep last night, so I scope the place out.” Snatching the toast that popped up.
Tony never had siblings. But he guesses maybe Jared and Wade had the same relationship as him and Rhodey. As he watched them kid around. Wade felt Tony eyes, his golden-brown eyes slit—which Tony now knows was real.
“It really varies here. I—shift into a wolf.” So far everything was going okay.
Steve pulled up to the driveway.
Odin tilt his head, “Heard from Thor you were not well?”
He wasn’t sure how this happened. But not the reaction he wanted. Steve was quick. He took hold of his head with both hands and crush their lips together.
Aunt Peggy had good days and bad ones, and the orderly was in a choked hold by an elderly lady on her bad day. The staff were shocked. Tony was amazed that she knew such a move and was even able to execute it. Left him with more questions.
Tony nose brushed Steve’s bearded chin.
My inspiration to all of this was Sit next to me by Foster the People—Yeah, I don’t know, was listening to it and thought Steve x Tony and my mind rolled with it.
“Who’s the old guy?” Clint moved to stand in front of Tony.
“Bruce, having fun?” a slow smile spread on his face. Tony separated from Steve. Though Steve’s shirt has the indentation of his death grip.
Tony stood by the railing of the second floor, as he overlooks the living space. Looking at a manmade chandelier—he was being nice in calling it as such. It was big, round, wooden and had—moose horns. He scrunched his nose at it.
He turned back into the tall grass. A few minutes later, a man walked out tugging his shirt over his head and placing his glasses on.
Tony didn’t fidget, but something about the look Sam gave him, it was wicked and teasing. He knew something. Well obviously, he was a teacher.
“My dad also went to war, the first one. He met my mother; she was a nurse.” Tony watched Steve’s eyes glow as he talked about his parents. “Once he came back, he went to look for her, Odin told me he was obsessed in finding her. My dad was Odin second.” He smiled.
Loki rolled his eyes, pushed his hand away. “I am fine,” he huffed. Thor let out a booming laugh. His mirth felt contagious. Tony refrained from joining, trying to hide a smile.  He then notices the intense stare from the other men.
He tsked, did he want to believe that? Hell yes! He wanted to believe that. But Tony had spent more sleep deprived nights on his work to know when he was losing it. So, everything that happened... he knew better that it was not an illusion— “Magic trick?” he supplied, oh he was reaching for straws.
They were scattered.
"An itch? In the beginning you guys didn't like each other." He crossed his arms. Rhodey gave a thoughtful look, "Then Steve came around, but you kept your animosity towards him and now... it changed?"
“Well, take good pictures if you want to sell the place. Also, let’s get to business”
His strokes were fast, and Steve finger pushed as deep he could and held still. They both groaned as they both came.
“Good?” Tony frowned. “I should change, then.” He made a move toward his bedroom, but Rhodey blocked his way, “Stop.” Rhodey’s lips twisted in humor. “You look great, man. Stop fussing, Steve is about to get here.”
So, enjoy the first chapter!
“Don’t fuss Thor. Now help father out,” he nods to Odin sitting by Sam.
“Nothing.” Steve answered. His jaw clenched, this guy was tense. Tony had a feeling he did not like that decision. But the way Steve eyes moved to burn into him, this guy needed to relax. He thought Pepper was tenser when he had the habit of pissing off a board member and the occasionally scandalous event that the media ate up. Though she hasn’t glare at him this bad.
Sweetie? His Peggy was so kind. But she got that other part right.
Rhodey also liked the view from his bedroom and the sunrise was amazing.
It sets his teeth on edge. “Anything y-you want to do?” Tony blinked, chewing on his bottom lips “To town.”
“Oh” Tony blinked. “So, you turn into…” he moved his hands, urging Steve to continue.
“Guys, please.” Tony shook his head at them. And moved down to meet Steve. He looked at the flowers Steve clutched, “For me?” his smile held amusement.
He marched up to the Odinson’s. Anger rolling off him.
So, here some backstory, I guess. A little research was done, and a lot is a bunch of baloney. It's fiction guys.
“Y—yea,” Steve croaked out, flinching at his tone. Nice Steve, just nice. He handed the flowers to Tony, who took them and lightly touched the calla lily. “I was not sure…” his hand splayed. Maybe he should have gotten rabbits.
Bucky stayed behind. He was shadowing Sam. Like a certain
Tony held tighter, his faced buried into her shoulder.
Odin, huff out a laugh, “You must admit, this is the most eventual day we ever had in Asgard.”
“No.” Steve eyes back on the road. “Just naïve.”
He let out a breath and grabbed Rhodey for a hug. Rhodey chuckles and patted his back, Tony saw movements in his kitchen and scrunch his face, “Clint?”
“Natasha is a leopard!” Clint burst out in awe.
“Not yet…” Tony sighed. “Well then, Anthony if you are staying for some time in Asgard. Let me show you around.”
Tony quirk his lip, “Temporary” making some notes in finding out who has been keeping the place in shape and paying the electricity bill.
Bucky chuckled as he watched Steve jammed his finger. Sipping at his coffee. Feeling eyes on him he turned to smile at Tony, he shifted his mug at him. Tony did the same. Steve just notice him as he frowned at him.
“You’ve got that right.” Tony moved to place the lamp back, “Glad you’re helping yourself to my food and whatever gotten broken you’re paying for it”
“That’s right, Jazmin, you haven’t met Tony,” Steve gentle his tone, “He’s a friend to Asgard, don’t worry.” She gave an unsure look to Steve. Her big brown eyes turned to roam over Tony, he gave his best smile “Hi,” giving a small wave. She pursed her lips and let out a small smile, “Hi.”
walking freely among them. At least for some of them. Others, Tony found out, lived long enough to have people like them come through for a few days.
It was nosy, and he was not irritated by it. He welcomes it. Better than the quietness he was subjected too.
Tony licks his lips, held his moan—he could taste him, and he wanted more. “Take me home,” his voice hoarse.
“I think Rhodey would disagree with that.”
Steve sighed and gave his best friend a glare. He knew it wouldn’t intimidate Bucky—he needed to get his point across. He turned to look at the living room. Observing the collapsed couch, he should get a new one.
“The last visitor Asgard had was about two…three decades, maybe” Loki tap at his chin. Leaving Tony mouth slightly opened.
“Well first, how are you doing?”
“So, she is Persephone,” he grinned.
“Any prospect yet?”
“It goes by other names, does anyone know it?” She looked on out to the little faces.
Tony raised a brow, a slow smile “After last night, you’re more than that.”
Clint took a hold of Tony shirt, “Before that, I found this. It’s address to you” he pulled an envelope out of his back pocket. The handwriting,
Tony was absorbing what he could. But he was reeling at the fact there were other places like this! He’s wondering if these places, these people were maybe the reason for so many myths out there.
Steve was busy last night stewing. Pouting, Natasha stated with amusement. She came over to see what he was up to. Since he did not show up at the office and Natasha was his second. She complained how unfair it was that he had thrown all the work on her.
to touch him again.
Tony scoffed, as his eyes rolled. But he thought for a moment he’d like to see Steve without the beard.
There was a loud roar, they both turned to the lion, he felt the other tense as they watched the creature leap on the couch, hearing a clear crunch, and waited for the blow.
Maybe some condiments. Tony lifted a small bottle of liquid, open it and took a sniff of it.
“We thought you had it?” Rhodes looked sheepish.
“It’s Rebecca.” She held her hand out. He took it. “Tony,” it seems he was making another friend.
“Holy shit.” Clint so eloquently put it.
“So, what lesson do you give?”
Her green eyes sparked, a slow smile of amusement, as she saw Wade naked and holding his hands to cover his groin. “Did I miss the fun,” she snickered.
They’ve move out the small forest and stood in front of a house.
A square in the middle, as cars could go around towards only about two road into more forests. A few buildings and one diner and, “Two bars?” he questioned the older man as he took a road, leaving town. “We Asgardians love our drinks,” Odin stated with a fond smile.
“But they did with you.” Tony urged.
“Yes, please throw me to the lions, again.”
Dr. Banner holed himself at. He was finally going to meet one of his idols. Since middle school Tony had followed this man works. Bruce was one of many that inspired him.
“Sherriff.” Clint greeted.
Pepper reached for his hand. “I’m sorry Tony.”
She stuck out her tongue as she took them, “Such a party pooper, daddy.” He leaned down giving a loud smack of a kiss on her cheek.
Could Steve feel that Tony was upset? God, could they all feel his moods. He looked at the others; they didn’t seem to feel anything, except he thought Bucky was frowning at him. But he was focus on Thor and helping Clint in drinking his water. He glanced at Steve and held his breath. Yup, Steve could feel his moods. He didn’t know how but he just knew, looking at those worried blues of Steve was telling him everything.
Now at thirty-eight, he lost his Peggy.
I have made outlines and wrote scenes and such, trying to keep myself organize, so I’m thinking maybe 7- or 8-chapters top. But I will be slow at updating. Please don’t expect weekly/monthly chapters, it took me months to get somewhere with the first chapter.
“Um, sorry to bother you, I’m kind of lost.” Tony moved his hand to comb through his hair.
Rhodey had gotten steaks for dinner.
It was Natasha prodding that made them come to the house the next day.
Steve plops on his couch. Hands covering his face, head leaned back. He moves his hands, combing into his hair. “Shit.”
“Oh, excuse me. It was getting drafty in here. Thanks for that” Clint sniffed. Rhodey was holding back his laugh behind his toast.
“As you know, I have no control over what father does.”
“How are you guys here?”
They pulled up to a two-story rustic house, made of stone and wood. Tony let out a low whistle. “Nice looking place,” he remarked.
Tony never minded the gaze of a woman. But with Natasha—felt like she was looking right through him, it felt lethal and he was more scared of her than blue eyes.
went south. It became a quiet ride into town. Now in a close in space, Steve could take Tony scent in. He smelled like coffee and
Tony threw his hands up and sighed. “Fine, fine” he turns, moves and turned around dramatically pointing at them, “But you asses didn’t even come to my rescue earlier.”
Well Tony was already used to it.
That startled Rhodey as he watched Clint find what he was looking for and fill it with water. “How the hell did you know that?”
Rhodey smiled awkwardly, he wasn’t particularly good with kids, his max was Clint kids. They were odd little Barton’s.
They give you the talk and the courting thing. And Steve thought it’ll be easy, no sweat. They’ve forgotten to mention the jittery feeling, his stomach flipping and the thought he might fuck it up—again.
The little girl from before jumped with her hand held high. Frigga motioned for her, “Mommy told me it has two… Tree of life or World tree,” she answered. Tony found her cute.
Bucky came into his sight in the mirror. “Stop messing with your hair. Natasha will get angry if you mess up her work.” Leaning on the frame, arms crossed over his chest.
“Once again, I’m swearing off drinking.” Tony and Rhodey tap their glasses. “Amen,” Rhodey agreed.
Though now it will be hard to get Tony to understand. He looked,
All three stood frozen.
“So?” he quirked a brow.
******
Steve turned to face Tony. He was dressed casually. His hair was neatly brushed down. A different image then earlier. Though if he was to be honest, he liked bed rumpled Tony better.
Bucky cleared his throat, focus back on him. He pointed to the moon, “It’s a full moon,” he crossed his arms. “Well, I thought you wanted to go for a run.” He scratched the bridge of his nose, turned away, “Didn’t know your date would run so late.”
It just felt wrong to want to interrupt their moment.
had to choose between you and Peggy, he would always choose you. Always.”
to deal with an angry Captain America," Tony said. Ah, good times.
"They'll be fine," Clint said. When Tony stopped feeling uncomfortable about the whole situation, Clint seemed to stop feeling uncomfortable about it, too. "They're both too stubborn to let anything happen. Let them have some fun, Buck—Bruce is almost done with the cure, so this could be the last night they can go out together without anyone recognizing them."
Today wasn't a normal day. When he glanced around, still gripping Steve's hand because he was usually so nervous about being out in public, he noticed that people either just weren't staring at them, or they were just slightly smiling as they walked past. Huh. He wasn't used to the lack of attention—it was
before they know I’ve got you.”
"Tony, what's wrong, darling?" Tony jumped a little upon hearing Steve's voice. "Did I do something wrong?"
"Who wouldn't want people to know that they were helping save the world?" Bucky had argued one day in the lab. "There's got to be some other reason that he's not telling you about. Are you sure that it's the same person in the suit every time?"
"Based on the number of coffees I've had throughout the night, statistically speaking, there's no way that I'm actually going to be able to fall asleep if you send me to bed now," Bruce pointed out. "So there's really no point."
"Not that I don't appreciate this, because I do, more than you'd believe, but I really do think it's time for you to get some sleep, Bruce," Tony said calmly, trying to lead out of the lab and over towards his bedroom.
to be real. “It’s my fault, I wasn’t able to… I’m sorry, I know you can’t forgive something like this—you
"He's only being overprotective because he cares," Tony said, kneeling down beside Steve so that he could see the plan that his boyfriend was sketching out. Clint's face turned red when Bucky didn't deny it and instead helped him down onto the ground so that they could plan.
a genius, after all."
you should put in the arm to make it more useful,” Bucky said as quietly as he could, and Tony grinned because he knew exactly where Bucky was going with this one. “…and you suggested that I might as well have a bit of fun with it, so there were some, uh,
“I know, thank you for calling,” Tony said. He’d had years to practice a persona, to never let his voice waver or let his face betray that everything was fine and dandy. The mask that he put on was unbreakable. He was raised like that.
Bruce and Bucky exchanged looks before Bucky nodded and left the room. Steve was finding it harder and harder to concentrate, the more the medicine was dripped into his wrist, but he had to wait for Tony.
"You'll be home soon," Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to Bucky's cheek.
“They didn’t break you though—you’re strong, Tony. And we’ll always be there to help you,” Steve promised, pressing a kiss to his forehead. “Just sit still while Bruce checks your wounds, okay?”
"I don't want Howard to keep controlling my life," Tony whispered. "He's one ghost I thought I could leave behind."
that cares about me... so it's easy to think that maybe the Avengers don't really care about me as much as I think they do..."
Tony opened his mouth to argue, but he was so rudely interrupted again.
Steve smiled, taking one more glance out the window at the stars that were starting to sprinkle across the sky, and he thought of Tony. He could show his boyfriend just how important he was to him, he could show him just how much he meant to him. If Iron Man was right about how poorly Tony viewed himself, then Steve knew that it wouldn't be easy, but he really
care. One day Tony would understand that, too.
"I'm fine," Steve assured her.
When Tony removed his helmet, he kept his eyes squeezed shut for a few moments, probably waiting for some kind of reaction. When he didn't get one, he opened his eyes and looked around at the team.
A knock at the door broke Tony out of his concentration. He looked over to see Bucky standing there.
of here,” Clint called back.
"It's very annoying," Steve agreed, and he was finally smiling again.
"Tony," Natasha said when she noticed his hand above the 'open door' button. "Steve, wait—"
"Guys... I think someone's trying to reopen the portal," Stark called, and the two raced back over. There was an energy in the middle of the room, still invisible but enough to bend the light to make it look like there was something there, growing.
He'd need to do some more hand-to-hand training with Tony, just in case. And he'd offer some to Iron Man, because hand-to-hand couldn't be easy in that suit, so he'd need to get used to it.
, Tony.”
would able to get you out on a date, but it seems like you two have done a bit more than that."
"That's a variable that I hadn't considered," Bruce, looking completely confused in his sleep-deprived state, chose to let Natasha keep taking him over to his bedroom. Natasha turned around just long enough to wink at Tony.
He just… he just needed some time. Some time to think things through, some time away from the team, some time to gather his thoughts. If the team thought his engagement wouldn’t last, if they found it so
already, then… I know you think you have a family, and that it’s what you wanted—I know you wanted a big family. I know that. And I know I haven’t been the easiest to be around all the time, and I know that it’s my problems that have caused us to not have a family already, but… There’s a child that we could start our family with out here in the real world, Steve.
wanted to ask about Tony. But he couldn’t figure out who they were or why he wanted to know so badly. He couldn’t place the names or the faces or anything.
When Steve woke up again, he was a little surprised to find Tony sitting in a chair beside his bed, fast asleep, laying on the bed. Someone had draped a blanket over him. He was gripping Steve’s left hand tightly, and the super-soldier couldn’t help but smile.
who he was. It was wonderful.
"Tony, I was a
“I talked with Cheryl from the adoption agency a few days ago…” Tony began, unsure of how he wanted to say it. Hey, I know you just woke up, but they’ve got this kid that I’ve already grown emotionally attached to because he’s lost his whole family and he’s a bit of a social outcast because he’s a lot smarter than other kids his age and they don’t like him, plus he’s different because apparently he’s got some early mutant abilities, no doubt caused by stress and trauma at such a young age…
“Another headache?” Peggy asked, though the pain faded when she kissed his cheek.
Before he was even able to finish a sentence, the sound of an explosion shook the building. Other people in the restaurant—oh yes, those other people who had been glaring at him and making faces and whispering and
"If I'd been quicker, then he wouldn't have almost been kidnapped, he wouldn't have inhaled too much smoke..." Steve sighed. "So you think he enjoyed the date, before the villains showed up?"
have the best aim in the world, after all."
Bucky sighed, flipping the monitor off again. “I know they said there’s a chance that you’d never wake up again, but I know you. You’d never leave Tony behind, and one of these days you’re going to realize that what’s going on in your head isn’t real.”
blue, green and purple finished, filling Steve’s vision with their respective hues until every color swirled together into a blinding, painful
Sighing, Tony put the phone back before he wandered down the hallway and over to Steve’s room. If anyone needed to know, his husband did. Whether or not Steve would be able to hear him, he still deserved to know.
"Bucky!" Steve shouted, racing over to the man who was strapped down to one of the tables. Bucky looked like hell, bruised and cut up in a way that suggested that he'd been recently tortured, or else the serum would've already been healing him. His arm was missing, and there was a pile of scrap metal nearby that was probably what
Tony held his friend, offering as much comfort as he could. For the longest time Bucky had lost his best friend, and now that the two of them were back together they’d vowed never to let anything come between them again. Bucky had been part of the team for two full years now. They had
"I said,
Tomorrow he’d search for Tony, his team would show up to help, and… and maybe he could talk with some townspeople to try to figure out where the witch
"I'm not expecting any problems, but we
"So," Clint murmured, squinting at the wires that Tony had him holding. He could've sworn before that there were only three wires, but at the moment there were at least six, which was a little concerning. "How's your relationship with Mr. America?"
“Darling, I’m
"At least they shot my leg, not my
He couldn't understand what it was that Steve was interested in. Perhaps he was just interested in Tony because he funded the team, and the Captain wanted to make sure that they'd still be able to get the funding that they needed. What else could it be? If Steve knew anything about his past, which Tony knew he
job a lot harder—I've been tracking you down again and again, yet somehow it takes me
But that was okay, because eventually his team would come to get him. Eventually they’d figure out where he was being kept. Eventually he would be home again.
, even though they were going to murder someone.
that gladly.
It was the truth—as truthful as he
“Of course. I told Sam on our run, he promised that he’d stop by sometime to congratulate you, too, but he was thrilled to hear the news,” Steve said, looking so confused about why Tony would be bringing up something like that.
"I'm glad that happened," Tony said before he could stop himself. Sometimes he really hated admitting things, and he had to admit that he was wrong, thinking that Steve wouldn't love him with age. "I mean, I'm glad my hair's not white anymore, and I'm glad I can be Iron Man again, but... I'm glad that happened."
The horror in Tony’s eyes told him that it was the truth. The fear that was still lingering in the eyes of his teammates, his family, told him all he needed to know. They thought he was dying, and he thought they were dead.
the joke.
Tony nodded, and he actually looked like he’d understood this time. In fact, he looked like the past several days hadn’t happened, like he was the same Tony from before the curse. “I love you too, Steve. And I do want to try this. It’ll be a bit difficult with me… turning into a werewolf every now and again, but…”
Steve knows something's wrong, but he can't figure out
It had taken two weeks for Tony, with some help some the team, to track the missing super-soldier down. Of course he was at one of the other supposedly abandoned Hydra facilities. They'd be getting him back soon, and everything would be okay.
So ‘aliens’ wasn’t exactly a crazy concept anymore. When they came and grabbed Tony and took him off the planet, he knew that getting back to Earth wasn’t going to be easy. Sure, he expected his team to come after him, but…
want to fuck up. Every day I wonder when you're going to wake up and see that you don't really want to be with me—"
and he himself was
"Sorry 'bout that," Bucky sighed, testing out the arm. "If I knew the strain it was putting on your and Stevie's relationship, I would've come back sooner... This is amazing. How'd you do this?"
Next were Sam and Sharon, newer members of their little Avengers family but really good friends with Steve. Sharon, of course, Tony already knew as she was somewhat of a cousin to him, though they had never very close growing up, and Sam seemed cool when Steve brought him back to the tower so Tony was always willing to make new friends. He was glad he did, since they both turned out to be great.
any words to say. Steve, who was still looking agitated and uncomfortable, seemed to recognize his uncertainty, and he wrapped an arm around his waist before telling their friends that they were going to go get some breakfast and spend some time together.
“I wish that I’d gotten chance to ask you out before all of this happened,” Steve said, gripping Tony’s hand. “I know that you’re still confused and unsure about this, but I need you to know that there’s one thing that’s for sure: the team will always be here for you, and
," Tony sighed, relaxing in his arms when the super-soldier started rubbing his back. "I... I
His body spasmed in pain a bit when hands touched his skin, hands that felt too warm and too cold at the same time, as if he had a fever. Panic filled his body since
"Thanks for keeping an eye on him for me," Tony said, still clinging to Steve's arm like he might disappear. "But we need him back now."
"It's not that," he sighed, dragging himself out of bed. "I need some coffee. I'm exhausted. That's all, Steve, really."
“Busy,” Steve groaned. “They… they’re trying to get me out overseas again, Peg.”
“Tell me what I need to change,” Tony pleaded, his quiet voice cracking with emotion. “I’ll do anything, Steve, I’ll—”
It wasn’t what he’d thought it would be, walking down the aisle. He’d been worried that he wouldn’t be able to breathe, that his heart would be beating too quickly and he’d end up having heart trouble. Instead, he was able to confidently stroll down to where the pastor was standing. The older man smiled at him, giving him a slight nod.
“I didn’t want to hurt anyone… and I was having trouble keeping control, so I thought it would be better… plus something was telling me to go there—I tracked the witch down, but… she couldn’t help me,” Tony admitted, and Steve was just glad that he didn’t try to pull away. “If I couldn’t recognize you guys and attacked you again… I thought if I found the witch I could make her turn me back, but… but I couldn’t.”
much about you, other than you're a caring man who doesn't mind babysitting a team of superheroes."
, probably. Would they do this every couple of nights? Would he have to see his teammates faces again and again as the Skrulls continued to beat him down?
"Actually, Buck, that sounds like it would be a great way to ask me out," Clint said. Tony had never seen his face light up so much. "And if you really wanted to get an answer to that question, it would be 'Friday sounds perfect.'"
"Steve, I was warned that you were hit pretty badly, and I'm very disappointed that you didn't come straight to me," Bruce said, frowning at him before he turned his attention to Tony. "Are you hurt? And no lies, because I know that you keep a first-aid kit in the lab, but you're horrible at treating your wounds so I'm not giving you the chance this time." He then glanced between the two. "You're finally ready to tell us?"
"Was that supposed to be an insult? Should I be raging right now?"
"Boss, I-"
"What?" Tony asked, then mildly irritated. Maybe he messed the spell up, but it was no reason to laugh him out of the Sanctum, it's not like he claimed to be Gandalf or anything, right?
"I don't have time for this," Tony wanted to leave again, already regretting coming back. He was too old to join a cult now, and no matter what problems he had in the past, there was one constant thing he could rely on. Science. Not magic, and waving wands around.
Of course, there's his part as the editor of the school's online newspaper, which is significant, because technically anything factual comes from him. Peter takes the pictures and does some old movie reviews, Loki has a reoccurring bit on Viking fantasy games as well as a comic strip, Tony is giving tips on music while always putting together a crossword puzzle, and Pepper is all about how anyone could go green and recycle (and why everyone should), not to mention, the most meticulous proofreader Phil had ever seen.
“Go away.”
"It's not like that, not this time," she just argued. "This time it will be alright. He won't kill me because he just lost another small girl and can't possibly hurt another. And I'll ask him if he just wants to forget, and he'll say yes. I'll also marry the guy in the red suit, it's been already decided-"
"Um, about the bake sale," he tries to get Fury's attention one day.
"Who is Tony?" Loki asked.
"Excuse me if I don't find it funny when you have a daughter to raise at home..."
now, and hell if that wasn't wrong on so many levels, starting with the fact that it was
"Feel free to dedicate your life to writing poetry about me after this. I except I'm quite a muse for somebody like yourself."
"I know we're not there yet, but... she has cancer, and she... might not be around much longer, so I was thinking..."
“Okay, we’re getting the room first, come on,” Tony said. “And I’ll buy any available medicine they have for Omegas and we’ll figure something out.”
"Even still," Phil's crush isn't helped by the Captain being nice. "If you meant you don't like the ideas of the decision-makers to go through your posts, you shouldn't worry, because most of them will love you, and I couldn't dig up any dirt on you, so..."
"But why would you use a body-switch spell?" Wong wondered.
The nerve of this wicked human was unthinkable.
So Loki hated Laufey and Odin, sure, but he hated himself the most. Why did he feel so betrayed and fucking angry? He was never a hothead. He didn't grow up to be cuddled, and if he had a chance, he'd chose not to be.
"Currently, you're in my quarters, and the others don't know. If you were to take a stroll in the Tower, however, I'm not sure I could protect you. After all, everyone else seems to be under the false impression that you're irrevocably evil, and I can't say I blame them. You've put a great deal of work into-"
A classic
"Even if let's say I'm attracted to guys, and that might hurt my future career at some point, just as ruin some of the expectations the girls have about me online?" Steve then asks.
“We could raise them all as simply
"Ronan's such an asshole," Mantis noted. "I wanted to go with all of you."
Tony completely forgot what he was about to say when Steve was looking at him like that.
Pepper was right," Steve sounded shocked. "All those women were nothing more than a distraction to you."
"I can fuck myself."
"Right. You're too nice."
“Noted,” Steve looked at him as if he was about to take Tony to bed right then and there again after hearing that.
"Most of, but not everything, right? Therefore, you need my help," Strange told him. "If you're also willing to help me, you have yourself a deal."
" Quill said, but this time he wasn't, and he let it show, throwing back the phone at Rocket now. "But I don't remember asking for your help, so you can just shove your phone up your ass."
Just as when he was taken to a hospital at the age of 32, thinking he was going to have another attack, if he wasn't dying, and the doctors told him it was just a panic attack, and they only referred him to a psychologist next.
Rhodey gave him a look, but when Tony didn't look away, he gave in.
It's not like she could help him when he couldn't deal with it, right?
we've tried."
Well, for the lack of a better word, Stark was flirting with Loki. Mistaking his good mood and relief from grief when Loki was around for attraction. And the more Loki wanted to escape this, knowing full well what was happening, the more Tony seemed to enjoy teasing him about it.
"And my attraction to you?"
"Alright, maybe it was a little bit more than that. But you're attracted to me, so I can't figure why you wouldn't want to come to visit either way."
"I'm not just capable of handling this magic, but feel
"This can't wait, unfortunately," Tony sighed. "I owe you my life, Steve, as I hear it, multiple times over. And you should know that I'll never stop loving you."
"I hate you the least too, darling."
"Then you have to tell me what is it about because I don't see any reason to stay here if
"I owe you for the phone, remember?"
But if the generation of the Snap wasn't going to find a way to make connections outside the soul-marked relationships, the entire galaxy would die out. So if there was any future, it was for the generation who had soul-marked partners but would be inevitably raised by people who couldn't have been soul-marked. Thanos was convinced it would make a difference.
"Are you sure you're well?" the Captain joked. "It's as if you've just thanked me, but that's unlike you."
"Are you quite finished?" he looked at Loki. "Don't you think if I had a way to undo this I would have done it already?"
"Did you just say pregnancy?"
"And you're more mighty than me."
"Even if I could, and that's a big if, his death wasn't ordinary. If I bought him back, that would be only his body. And I'm not trained to use the Soul Stone to even attempt bringing Tony himself back..."
"I thought as much, but thank you for saying," Tony snapped back, trying to put the digital code in to open it again. "I meant just a moment ago it wasn't, and why I can't override."
So he couldn't let himself blow up, but then he had a nightmare, and woke up in the snow, on a mountaintop where he'd never been in his entire life. Only ever too lucky that he fell asleep with the nano-housing on, so he could fly himself back from... the fucking Himalayas.
He had hacked into the Pentagon a long time ago, and now had a backdoor to a database with all the registered soul-marks, and on very random occasions, he had searched for his match, but found none.
"Control starts with your breathing," Stephen tried to tell him. "Let's..."
"Is."
"If we're all supposed to be together, one of you better tell me. Right now," he warned that made both Steve and Tony shut up.
"Tony, I swear-" Steve took a step toward him, but Tony just turned away.
"So don't hit him. Piss him off by staying, and having the best time of your life," Quill suggested while he led Rocket the dance floor - only the two of them now. "After all, the teachers can't throw you out for dancing with me, right?"
wouldn't stop shaking long enough for him to be able to
of times—Jarvis too! It's perfect, it's going to work, and you two will be back to normal before you know it."
"You're right, I do hate you right now," Tony muttered, glancing over at Steve when his husband put a comforting hand on his shoulder. He gave him a stern look, and Tony sighed. "Thanks... for looking into a way to reverse this."
“No,” Tony gasped quickly. “No, I don’t want you guys to leave.”
Before Bucky could retract his words, Tony just crossed his arms and muttered, "Fine, I don't care anymore, I just wanted a damn pickle."
to figure out how to reverse the effects.
"Okay, enough with the lovebird talk. How are the rest of us supposed to get home?" Tony asked.
Tony's insecurity disappeared for the time, and he nodded quickly. Time in the lab with Steve at his side. That sounded great.
The worst thing about watching Steve day in and day out was the fact that when something was wrong, Tony was more than likely there to see it. The last time that anything had happened with Steve, Clint had been the one in the room. This time? This time Tony was there.
"I'm your
"You in there?" Steve whispered, kissing his cheek. "Tony, you're zoning out on me."
"The jerk shouldn't have been treating you like you couldn't do anything," Steve said, sighing. He did smile though when Tony took his hand, so he counted that as a win. "I really did talk with them, Tony, they just... I
effects. While it didn't send them to the future or the past, it seemed to do that with their bodies. They'd both been aged far more than Tony wanted to even think about.
metaphorically put his foot down had the impostor not just reached his hand out to gently cup Tony’s cheek.
There was a pressure on his hand that made Steve turn to the side. There, standing beside him, still holding his hand and looking at him with a worried, scared expression, was…
Gripping his husband's hands, he stole another quick kiss. "I love you, Tony. So much."
“I need to know what’s going on, Peggy,” Steve insisted, following his wife to another room. The headaches were getting worse, and when he’d mentioned hearing voices she completely freaked out on him. But that wasn’t all—he was seeing things again. The numbers, the way that things would just, stop, and repeat a second of time back again like that was
(See the end of the chapter for
now, and you haven't said a thing about it to me?" Tony snapped, though he still didn't look angry, only scared.
Steve was right—wasn't he always? The team was
"I know it's been hurtin' Steve," Bucky said, gritting his teeth in pain as Bruce started removing the bullets. "And... to be honest, if I hadn't been shot, I wouldn't be here. They hit me with somethin' that's been tryin' to fight the serum in me, and I'm not healin' like I should be..."
. This was Steve. Steve protected him. Steve, who knew right away that the impostor wasn’t him.
, that made Tony love him even more.
Tony, on the other hand, learns something new about the family that he's not even sure he's ever going to have—something that makes him hold onto hope even more. The real issue is that the system might be failing, and if it does, Steve will be lost forever.
changed. Steve had been terrified that Tony would leave while he was changed and wasn’t thinking correctly, but he
standing there with a bullet through his chest. As the man collapsed to his knees, though, his skin started turning green until he looked like all those other Skrulls.
“Tony,” Steve whispered, holding him tightly. The sob that he’d been forced to hold back ever since he’d been kidnapped finally escaped him as Tony pressed his face against his lover.
“A little,” Tony mumbled. “I can recognize you, and Bruce… and Clint and Natasha some, and I’m still trying to recognize Bucky right away… I can’t think clearly yet, but I… I don’t think I’m going to hurt anyone. Not like… not like when this first happened.”
"Go back to sleep," his husband replied, though he didn't want to—he wanted to look up into those blue eyes of Steve's and tell him just how much he loved him, how much he needed him, and how much he appreciated Steve trying to keep things normal while he was stuck like this.
He’d counted every day, every hour, waiting and hoping and praying and
Tony shrugged and looked away. The poor man looked like he wanted to disappear, just at the mention of the word ‘werewolf.’ He looked nothing like the genius that Steve was so used to—the confident man with the snarky smile and the arrogant attitude, the man that he’d fallen for. No, Tony looked scared, cautious and worried, like Steve was going to just
, Bucky had a point. Steve was a reckless idiot, but God did he love that reckless idiot. “But Steve’s—”
It was hard to understand that Steve didn't find him repulsive in his old, old age. It was also sweet though—at least he knew that no matter how old he got, Steve was always going to be in love with him. That was sweet, at least.
Clint and Natasha were similar, but obviously different. They were all glad he woke up and was fine, and the two ex-assassins had gone to check where Tony had landed, just to make sure that Steve or Clint hadn't shown up, too.
"Where am I?" Tony mumbled, but Steve just settled down beside him and curled around the shorter man.
His family… For a second, Steve looked around at the smiling faces and didn’t recognize a single one of them. Bringing a hand up to his head, Steve groaned.
"I'm sure he saw the news," Iron Man pointed out. "And Avengers messages sent to me get passed on to him, as I
"I love you," Tony whispered, hugging his boyfriends tightly. "We both do. We'll make sure you never forget it."
The blond in front of him smiled, though he looked cautious. "How are you feeling, Tony? You took quite a fall there."
to be his arm. Well shit, no wonder it was harder for him to fight back.
Tony leaned forward to kiss him, but Steve knew that tactic. Tony was just trying to get him to shut up, and he knew that kissing him was always the best way to get him to stop talking. Instead of pulling away and continuing with what he was saying, Steve gave in and let his husband kiss him. God, how long had it been since he’d just gotten to sit there and kiss his husband as much as he wanted to? Apparently a month, but it felt like
They still felt like his children. It was strange.
Steve watched as Tony placed the tesseract into a briefcase that was the mirror image to the one Steve now held in his hand. He wasn’t sure if he could interfere with what was going on, if he might change anything by just having his teammate see him now.
happen, though the AI also didn't think that anything would happen.
“There’s
“I’m going to get some x-rays of your chest when we get back, okay? I trust you when you say that they didn’t touch the reactor, but you’ve still got quite a lot of bruises and I’m worried about internal damage,” Bruce said. He gestured to a bed, and Tony sighed.
Something inside him felt like it broke. One of the first things he'd said to Tony, before ever getting to know him, was something
"It's okay, you're okay, I've got you," Steve whispered, gently rubbing Tony's back until he ended up waking up.
trying to destroy everything, you know."
“Tony who?” Peggy asked, though there was a look of concern on her face. There was something that she wasn’t telling him.
. Every time Peggy said it, Steve wanted to correct her with
No, the stones would never destroy themselves. That was too much for any mortal to accomplish. They’d been hidden somewhere throughout time and space, somewhere where no one would be able to get to them until now… until they could be brought back.
"Good, because it's not going to happen," Steve murmured. Tony gasped when Steve sneakily swept him off his feet. Now, while he acted like he didn't like it when Steve did that, he couldn't help but love it. His super-soldier was very comforting—just
Tony, was that you were trying to keep him from falling into an unstable portal, so he ended up somewhere else. It won't be long, you'll see," the Captain said. Steve was surprised by how comfortable he felt, talking with alternate-him or alternate-Tony. "And if it does take too long, I know that Tony will figure out a way to get you home. He
They were going to make it, no matter what challenges they had to face, and no curse could ever change that.
Steve gasped, feeling pain immediately shooting up his arm the second that he was conscious again. His head ached, there had been too many
. His opinion on the man changed after meeting him and spending some time with him. He could see the way that Tony intrigued Steve, the way that the man made him feel safe and grounded in a way that other people hadn't been able to accomplish.
"Sam Wilson," the young man said. "The Falcon. Seriously? I don't exist?"
And then Tony was alone, wondering what the hell just happened.
"Yes," Iron Man murmured, and Steve was a little surprised by the slight emotion that made its way past the robotic voice that he was used to. "It's time to go home."
liked one another, yet somehow, even with Steve helping out, he hadn't managed to get them together.
his glass against Tony's. "I hoped it would. You guys're good for each other."
It was all such a drastic change that Tony found himself passing out within seconds.
would be waiting for him there, Steve chose to go to Vormir first.
