“Cool,” Alex said with a wide smile, before going to step off the porch, “I’ve gotta head home, but I’ll see you at school.”
“Don’t be such a jerk!” Sam said, standing up and jumping on the bed, his werewolf mask barely staying on, “Guess what? You ‘re gonna take me trick or treating!”
Claire started to come to as she felt the water dripping onto her forehead. She opened her eyes to see a translucent, barely shaped figure with bright eyes floating above her, “Better?” it asked, concerned.
Ruby gave her a condescending look, “Thou art not being honest with thyself.”
Meg cut her off, “Explained what?” she asked, finishing her spider.
“So, did you ask your dad about the party?”
Three glowing entities appeared outside of the front door, the shortest one laughing to himself, while holding on to a large donut, “Man, oh, man, haunted houses are a lot more fun when we make sure they’re actually haunted!” he proudly proclaimed, while the other two nodded in agreement. They were still laughing when their little nephew, Jack popped through the door.
“I’m afraid that’s not possible!” Sam stated, “He can’t leave!”
“I think it wants us to follow it…” Claire said, taking a few hesitant steps forward.
“What about that?” she asked, pointing at something just beyond Jack’s head.
He marched Cas down the hall. The poor man didn’t even have a chance to comfort his children before he was forced into the dining room. Gabriel handed him a bouquet as Sam began to play the wedding march.
The camera once more focused on the doctor’s daughter. She was obviously at school and looked very annoyed at the man behind the camera, “How do you feel about your father’s career?”
“Because you fool, we want to live forever! Not just until tomorrow! The more children’s lives we take, the longer we shall live.”
Claire had enough of waiting. She furiously pounded at the door, calling out for her father with no success. She had heard so many weird things, and just wanted to make sure he was okay. The blonde backed up as far as she could, bracing herself to try and ram the door open with all the force of her twelve-year-old body.
Dean raised an eyebrow but decided not to ask.
Crowley was looking at his burned hands in horror, “Abaddon…I think I need a doctor.”
“You got the key?” Jack asked, once he had caught his breath.
His heart stopped when he caught sight of her. She was giggling, following the hooded figure to a decrepit cottage. There was a plume of purple smoke rising from the chimney, and an unearthly green glow surrounding the house.
Jack thought fast. He floated over to the false Frankenstein book, and pressed a smaller button next to the one for the Lazarus. The armchair stopped mere feet away from the desk, and reclined, forcing Crowley to stumble out of the chair. Jack floated over to him, “You keep away from me,” Crowley demanded as Jack came closer, and closer to his face. Crowley just continued to back away, not realizing he was getting dangerously close to the edge of the floor, where the stream for the Lazarus’ pond entered the lab. All it took was a ghostly cold finger to the chest to send the living man falling back into the water, the vial safely in Jack’s hands.
“Shh!” Ruby shut her up, “She’s trying to concentrate.”
Cas was having much better luck with Meg. As the witch approached, he poured a handful of salt and threw it at her. She screamed in pain and flew away as the salt burned her skin.
Dean carefully slunk down the hallway back towards the room Claire had claimed as her own, the corridor in front of him illuminated by the single flashlight he carried, “Hello? Hello? There’s no need to be afraid,” Dean scoffed at himself, and muttered under his breath, “Yeah, Dean. That’s the idea, don’t be afraid,” he raised his voice again, calling out to the spook, “I would like to make contact with you, but just one little thing, please. Don’t go popping out of keyholes or out from under rugs, okay? No spooking,” he chuckled to himself, trying to lighten the mood as he stood outside the bedroom door, “I think we can get beyond that. Now, I’m coming into the room, now. I’m in…in the room. Can ya deal with that?”
“Math.”
“Hey! I wouldn’t have even been there if it wasn’t for you forcing me out here! So collect your candy and get out of my life!” Dean knew he wasn’t being fair, but he was sixteen, he didn’t care.
“Hello, Cain,” Meg greeted, grabbing his attention.
Dean couldn’t even blink, too terrified the love of his life would vanish if he closed his eyes for even half a second, “I—I thought I’d have a hundred things to say when I—” he cut himself off, “How?”
“Ghosts?” Dean asked, “Sure, yeah, I believe in ghosts. I don’t think that’s a good idea to put that on the listing, though.”
“Oh, it’s lovely,” Cas said honestly.
“Shut up, you!” Abaddon yelled, annoyed.
It made perfect sense to keep the door locked. So naturally, it creaked open.
“Hey!” he called, getting their attention once Meg finally got the cat off her sister, “You’ve messed the great and powerful Dean, and now must suffer the consequences!” he pulled the lighter from his pocket and flicked it open, “I summon the burning rain of death!” he declared, earning some confused mutterings from the witches who had never heard of such a thing. He flicked the bic and held the flame under the sprinkler.
“Dad!” Dean shouted, getting his father’s attention, “Something terrible has happened!”
“I’m helping you! Remember?”
“Mice!” Sam said, not reassured.
“What is it, Nick?” she asked, irritated at being woken up. She had just gotten the baby to sleep, and he pulls this! The kid had colic!
Dean went to his bed and shook the form covered by his bedspread, “Sammy, wake up.”
A cat as black as night stared up at them with whiskey eyes. He snarled up at them, nearly biting off Meg’s fingers when she went to pet him. The witches cackled as she jumped back with a scream. Their jubilation was cut short, however, by a banging on their door.
“Crowley, check,” the abrasive woman snapped at her companion. Crowley pulled a prepared check out of his pocket and went to hand it to the doctor. Abaddon snatched it out of his hands and commanded, “Get the bouquet,” the small man scurried back over to their car as Abaddon turned back to Dean, “Now, Dr. Winchester, I will be watching you very closely,” she said before allowing him to take the check. Crowley handed her a lovely bouquet of roses and lilies, that sat in a vase that looked more fitting for a funeral. She thrust them into the doctor’s broad chest, “These are for you.”
Sam came back just in time to see this, and became angry. He floated back over to the intruder and glared at him, armed with a new cane, “Who do you think you are, defiling our domicile?”
Sam made himself at home on Dean’s bed. Dean knew the witches were dead, but he wasn’t letting Sammy out of his sight until morning. Sam was cooing to Gabe, “You’re my kitty now. You’ll have milk, and tuna fish every day. And you’ll only hunt mice for fun.”
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Gabriel asked.
She hurried under the bridge and looked for the key the best she could without putting her head below the water. Dean had run off the bridge on the other side to keep the zombie away from his daughter and looked for something to fight it off with. He grabbed one of the torches on the wall and planted his feet. As the zombie walked closer to him, he started to panic, “Hey now, go back to bed! Back to bed! I’m Dean Winchester of Winchester Realties! What’s your name!? I just came cause I needed the key! The psychic told me it was all right to get the key!” he dodged as the corpse lunged to grab him, “Look! I gotta get the key, cause I’ve got things to do! I’ve gotta get my husband!” When the corpse lunged for him again, he swung the torch in his hand like a baseball bat and hit the rotted head off. The body stopped and fell into the water. Dean breathed a sigh of relief, “Next time you’ll think twice about coming back from the dead, won’t you?” he looked down at his daughter, “Did you get the key?”
Jack couldn’t resist, “Dad.”
“Hello Dean,” Dean smiled at the gravely voice on the other line. It was his husband, “How is it going? Do they like the house?”
Abaddon snarled and grabbed Sam by the ears, making him cry out in pain, “I’ll get you!” before she could hurt the small boy, a black cat jumped onto her shoulder and began biting and scratching at her throat, “Sister Meg, get this beast off me!” she cried. Meg ran over to help her while Sam ran over to Dean.
“You know, I’m starting to get real sick of this place.”
Twist thy fingers towards the skies,
“I knew I smelled a boy!” Ruby sang, happily. The two hags pounced, but he ran around to the other side of the cauldron. The chased him around it, ignoring Abaddon’s cries to be careful of her potion. He pushed the cauldron with all of his strength, knocking the witches down, and then he poured the boiling potion onto them, silently reveling in their cries of pain.
They sat while Gabriel told his story of what happened that night.
Okay, now it was personal.
“Are you the caretaker?” judging by how young the voice sounded, he doubted it, but it couldn’t hurt to ask.
“This way!”
“Well…” he shrugged and turned back to the candle. He flicked the lighter, but before he had a chance to light it, he was attacked.
The kids shared a look. Just what they’ve always wanted.
“Okay, get your things, and let’s go!”
Mr. Lafitte gave them a look, and asked his new student, “So, where are you guys living?”
Salem, Massachusetts 1995
“I was just looking for my husband.”
“Could I just say something here?” Dean slurred, “And get a little personal?” he waited until the ghosts eagerly nodded, big, innocent smiles on their faces as they waited for him to continue, “Well, I just got to tell you…you guys remind me of what it’s like to…hang out with the boys…” he started walking aimlessly around the nearly deserted bar, the three ghosts trailing behind him, weapons raised, “I mean, you are absolutely there for each other,” he swung around at the ghosts again, forcing them to hide their weapons once more, “I mean…you look life right in the face, and you say, ‘I’m a ghost! I don’t need you!’ You know what? I’m gonna tell that Miss Demon Lemon—Demo—De—I’m gonna tell that lady you aren’t going anywhere! It’s your house! You’re haunting it! Possession is nine-tenths of the law.”
Claire sat down next to him, wanting nothing more than to give her friend a hug, but knowing she wouldn’t be able to. They sat in silence for a few minutes before Claire asked, “What’s it like to die?”
“No.”
Gabriel was forced to watch as his beloved sister was surrounded by the witches. They blocked her from his view, but he could hear them all taking deep breaths. He was helpless to save her.
Sarah didn’t flinch, “Growley!” she called, and their yorkie came down the stairs, “Sic em!”
As the chair continued to move, she felt her leg hit a latch of some kind, and heard the crackling of long unused electricity. She heard bells start to ring, and a gust of wind blew in her face, startling her. Dim lights turned on, and the chair entered a different part of the tunnel, this section filled with strange machines. She flinched when an old, dusty toothbrush, covered in toothpaste was shoved in front of her face, and began scrubbing at her tightly closed lips. She allowed herself to breath when it pulled back, only to press herself far back into the chair as shaving cream sprayed in front of her.
“My—” Cas started, incredulously. Why did everyone think he was Michael?! “I’m not Michael!”
“Shoot!” he said, leaning down to pick it up so they could get out of there. He couldn’t get a grip, and the key fell through a gap in the bridge into the murky water below. He looked up to see the corpse had climbed out of its crypt and was slowly making its way towards them. He turned to Claire, “Go get the key, I’ll take care of him!” Claire nodded, before running off the bridge and into the water.
“As what, Abi, as what?” her sister’s asked, unable to contain their excitement.
“Yes,” he said sadly.
Now, Dean was a simple man. He had a daughter he adored, a career that (shockingly) paid the bills. He was sure he was one step closer to being reunited with the love of his life, and now he had definite proof that ghosts were real and that his career was valid. Dean Winchester certainly had much to live for, and so he did what any person in his situation would do. He braced himself, and ran straight through the ghosts.
Fergus grabbed Al by the collar and pulled him down, “How many times do I have to tell you? My name isn’t Fergus anymore, it’s Crowley,” Al nodded.
“Who are they?” Ruby asked.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Mr. Morgenstern,” Cas said, with a kind smile, “And this is our daughter, Claire, and our son, Jack.”
Jack looked at the spider, then at the magazine, then at his father before shaking his head, “I don’t want to.”
“Sammy!” Cas screamed, getting up from the floor, but it was too late. They were gone. He heard Dean groaning behind him and ran over to help him off the floor, “Are you okay?”
“Don’t you recognize me at all?”
Ruby and Meg began to chant, “Remember, remember Abi, remember.”
They didn’t know what they were expecting, but the respected adults of the town to be dancing like lunatics wasn’t it. Sam looked around, confused, and a little creeped out. He had Gabe clutched tightly in his arms, “I’m gonna look for mom,” he said walking away.
“Yeah, but they shut it down because a lot of spooky things happened there.”
“Dean! Dean, over here! This way!” he looked towards the forest and saw the other boys waiting for him. He ran over to them, not noticing the cat following after him.
“I smell…children,” the three boys couldn’t help but flinch. The witches smiled and went to follow Ruby, “It’s a little boy. Seven…maybe eight and a half.” Sam flinched from his hiding spot behind the counter and tried not to cry. He needed to be brave.
His sister came rushing out of the bathroom, and her phone fell from her hands. Floating in the middle of the room, was a wispy blue ball of light, “What do you think it is?” Claire asked, frightened.
They moved behind what they were surrounding and Gabriel flinched. His innocent baby sister was sitting in a chair, surrounded by the witches. Her eyes widened when she saw him, but otherwise, she made no movement.
Lucifer sniffed the air, and glared at Gabriel, “Yeah.”
“You’re going to turn me into one of those fat, useless, contented housecats,” Gabe said, relishing the thought of finally being able to rest after being on guard for three hundred years.
Sam called over to them, “Come on Gabe! We’re going home!”
“My parents made him,” Sam said, Dean elbowed him.
“Dad they’re coming!” Dean turned to see the zombies only a few steps behind him. He blocked Claire with his body and continued to shout for Jack to open the door.
“No!” Abaddon yelled, giving her sister a look filled with judgement. She looked over to the book, “Book? Come to mummy, darling.”
“Bye, Cain,” Sam said, “Have a nice sleep.” Cain smiled, before letting out a big yawn and falling back into his grave, “Where’s Gabe?” Sam asked, “Gabe?!” he called, before seeing the fallen form of the cat. He rushed over, crying.
“Yes,” Abaddon calmly responded.
They sat in silence before Claire decided to ask something that had been on her mind for a few days now, “What were you like when you were alive?”
“Stop it!” Claire cried out. Roman barely spared them a glance before pushing the kids into a trunk and locking them inside.
The kids were so busy trying to get their parents to understand, that they didn’t notice the witches coming into the room until Sam shouted, “They’re here!” Dean looked over at the middle of the dancefloor where Ruby had wandered, looking for them. He handed Cas the book and ran for the stage.
The little ghost looked around the room in confusion. The ball hadn’t hit anything else, but it didn’t seem to be anywhere…
“I’m looking, I’m looking!”
“I believe the children will be comfortable in this room.”
Claire smiled at the handsome boy in front of her. He was incredibly light on his feet, and moved so confidently, that if she hadn’t looked down at that moment, she would never have known they were floating a good three feet off the ground.
“We have to keep him calm. Jack listen! It’s okay to get scared! Everyone gets scared every now and then, but you just can’t let it stop you!” Dean turned around to see the zombies slowly making their way up the stairs. They had another minute, but if Jack didn’t open the door…
“The storm has flooded the road. I’m afraid there will be no leaving the mansion tonight.”
Dean rubbed his temples and leaned into baby. ‘Try again.’ What could he do that he hadn’t already….
The gate didn’t move when Dean honked the horn, and nobody came out to open it, so he reluctantly got out of the car to look for a call box, all the while complaining about ruining his new shoes. Cas rolled his eyes and got out with him. They walked up to the gate and looked in awe at the mansion behind it. It was old, and a little decrepit, but still beautiful.
Abaddon shoved a finger in his face to cut him off, “Excuse me. You didn’t just say the word ‘years,’ did you?”
“Must’ve been an imp,” Abaddon shrugged. She looked over at something next to her cauldron, “My darling little book,” she said, in the tone of a doting mother, caressing the front cover, “We must continue with our spell now that our little guest of honor has arrived,” she said with a glance at Anna before turning back to the book. She gently tapped the front cover, “Wake up. Wake up my darling, come along my pet,” she gave a delighted squeal when a raised bump on the cover split open to reveal an eye, “Ruby! Stir!” she screeched before going back to cooing at her book.
Lucifer ignored him, “Jack!” he shouted, just as the little ghost floated in through an open window, a fresh slice of pie sat on a plate in his ghostly hand.
“Oh, it was fine. It was no problem at all, just a piece of cake. I think I should go to the hospital now, though. Please excuse me.”
“I found a lighter,” he said, grabbing the only plain one and dusting it off, he flicked it open to see if it would still work and held the light of the flame up next to Cas. The other boy flipped the switch and light filled the cottage.
The devil walked over to where a woman was sleeping on a couch, “Sarah,” he said, shaking her awake.
“Cas,” he whispered, not knowing if he could believe it.
He turned to Roman, who was going to officiate the ceremony.
Jack floated in his room, slapping his forehead over and over again while repeating, “Blew it, blew it, blew it.”
She had just made herself comfortable when the teacher, a large man with a thick beard, and an equally thick Louisiana accent came in.
As much as he wanted to talk to him, he had an idea, “Yes, this house is still available.”
They were off.
Meg started to fidget, trying to adjust the noose around her neck, “This is terribly uncomfortable,” she stated.
“Yes!” Ruby said, latching onto Crowley’s shoe. The same ones he had stolen from Dean earlier.
“I’m getting hungry,” Jack whined.
“Lift us! Lift us up to the light! And lead us through this stormy night!”
Cas followed him down the hall that led to the staircase. He had only been a few steps behind, but the short man was nowhere to be seen.
He screamed in terror, and squeezed his eyes shut when he opened them again, his face was back to normal, but that image would never leave his mind. He told himself that he had just been seeing things and hurried out of the room.
Dean shrugged, “Just be careful.”
“It is a prison for children,” Abaddon said. She could sense the misery. The witches walked into the school.
“Claire wait! When’s the last time that thing’s been inspected?”
And so, Dr. Dean Winchester gave out a long and shockingly high-pitched scream, before turning around, throwing his daughter over his shoulder, and running out of the room.
‘Come little children, I’ll take thee away,
“May I help you?” Roman asked, politely.
“No, no, I can’t come back early. Maybe we should just take care of this on Monday? Fantastic, okay, I’ll talk to you on Monday,” he hung up.
“Okay, yeah, I’d love to have a word with him, sure,” he turned back to the closed door, “Angel, I’m going to go have a word with Mr. Morgenstern! I’ll be right back!” he walked over to the door, “Let’s go talk some turkey.”
Cas smirked, “It says form a circle of salt to protect from: zombies, witches, and old boyfriends.”
“Just a couple things though. French fries are not a breakfast food. Pie is dessert, only. And please don’t ask her to wear a t-shirt— “
The truth was finally known, but Roman didn’t realize that with his confession, he had damned himself.
“Um...well…I guess I just moved here with my dad, from Kansas. And um…Friendship seems like a pretty…friendly place,” she said lamely. Her face burned as someone started to fake snore from the back of the class.
The ghosts started sobbing, and Sam threw his bottle to the floor, causing the remains to shatter, “What a sweetheart!” the tallest ghost moaned.
Cas gave a small laugh, Sam was adorable. Dean smiled at them and looked around the room.
“Hey guys,” he sounded a bit too excited to see them, “Have fun?” he asked, enthusiastically.
“We’re really sorry,” Crowley added.
“Thou shouldn’t speak to master in such a manner,” Meg lectured.
She ignored him and kept watching the wisp as it floated through the door, “It does! It wants us to follow it!” she said, excitedly before chasing after it.
Before he could even begin to find a way back inside the house, all of the windows slammed shut, and he could hear the echoing locks from the door. His children were locked in a trunk, his husband was probably going to die, and he was stuck outside.
A painting of a beautiful man with pale skin, blue eyes, and dark hair. And although it didn’t look exactly like him, Claire could only think of one person while looking at it, “Papa?”
He was about to wake his father when he saw his best friend and neighbor standing in front of his house, “Balthazar!” he called, getting the blonde’s attention, “Hast thou seen my sister, Anna?” he asked, frantically.
“Anna!” Gabriel cried, running for his sister.
Dean nodded, “Please do.”
“Yes,” Dean slung his arms around Sam and Gabriel’s shoulders, “You know, I didn’t think so at first, but…you guys are great. I love you guys!” he pulled Gabriel closer and planted a drunk, friendly kiss on the lips. He pulled away, and tugged Sam’s face closer while Gabriel spluttered. Sam groaned awkwardly as Dean pressed a kiss to his cheek. The living man released both of the ghosts, before grabbing Lucifer by the head, and pulling him in for a kiss, making the third ghost laugh awkwardly.
Jack pulled his head out of the floor with a happy little squeal, “She’s here, I did it! What if she likes me? What if she doesn’t? What would I even say to her? ‘Hi, I’m Jack! I’m a…ghost?’ No, that’s a total disaster. Oh! ‘Yo, I’m Jack. So, give me a four!’” he looked down at his transparent hand. He didn’t know why ghosts only had four fingers, but it had never really bothered him before. Not until now, that is, “God, I’d kill for a pinky,” he was pulled out of his thoughts by the lights above him turning on.
Roman nodded, “Mr. Winchester, may I confide in you?”
Claire walked into the study where her dad had set up his office. It was a mess, with shattered glass and random debris flung around. She could only assume his session with Jack’s uncles went great.
Gabriel ignored him, “Oh, Pamela, is it really him? Is it really our dear departed Michael?”
“But dad we have to help them break the curse!”
“I-I-I’m not hungry,” he stammered.
“There are worst things than purgatory. I can assure you.”
“Attending to every detail, understanding priorities. And above all…knowing one’s place.”
One of the apparitions gave a hard yank to his flannel shirt, causing him to spin around, batting his arms in an attempt to get them away from him. Unfortunately, his jerky movements ended with him tripping over a terribly placed vacuum cleaner and fall onto the top step. He swore at himself for being so stupid. He had only put the vacuum there because he wanted to clean up his and Claire’s rooms before they were slept in. He had actually just barely found an outlet for it when Claire had screamed about that first ghost.
Dean stopped after passing a low hanging tree branch. He looked back at the zombie that was chasing after him and pulled it back. As soon as Cain was in reach, he let go of the branch, letting it fly. It hit Cain in the head, sending it flying. Dean let out a cheer that faded into disbelief when the body stayed standing. It was flailing about, but wasn’t falling.
“Drop dead!” Claire shouted back.
“It’s my curse. That and you two! The candle’s almost out! And look at my potion, there’s just enough left, for one child,” and she knew just who that child would be.
“Cool it! Weirdos!” the boy screamed, running away.
“It’s the poison!” Sam realized.
Dean leaned down, and gave his husband a soft kiss, “How’s that for a contract? I’m gonna go tell the kids.”
“Say Halloween!” Mary said, holding up her camera.
Dean pounded on the door with the heavy knockers, and turned to his kids, “All right, kids, you know that when you work with dad and papa you have to be on your best behavior, right?” they nodded, and he looked at the elegant door, “Look at the size of these knockers,” he muttered. They would have to get nice pictures taken of this. He turned to Cas, “You ever see anything like that before?” Cas shook his head as the door creaked open.
They were both so invested in the candy, that Dean didn’t notice who had come up behind him, “Dean Winchester.”
“What kind of costumes are these?” the devil asked, “It’s the Demoniac sisters, right?”
“Bye, bye, big brother!” Abaddon laughed.
He pulled out a brand-new container, “Salt,” he announced, dropping the salt down to Cas. The blue-eyed boy read the ingredients, “What’s it say?”
“They would’ve killed me,” Dean shrugged, annoyed.
Abaddon cast a quick spell once they reached their current vehicles. With a burst of energy, a hole exploded in the side of the house, the force knocking Cas to the floor while the witches flew away with the book, Gabe, and Sam.
Abaddon gave a happy sigh when the pages stopped, “There it is,” she said happily, looking down at the text and reading aloud, “Bring to a full boiling bubble, three drops oil of boil.”
Sure enough, in the treasure chest that both Abaddon and Crowley had died to obtain, was a simple baseball and catcher’s mitt. The most valuable treasure of them all for a young boy who loved to play. Jack reached for the ball, and started tossing it up and down in his intangible hand, “Are you kidding? It’s autographed by Duke Snyder, the Brooklyn Dodgers. My favorite player. What else would I put in a treasure chest, but my most treasured possession?” he tossed the ball up and down, catching it every time before Claire grabbed it in mid-air.
“Why bother? We’re just gonna be packing it all back up again in two weeks, right?” Dean just gave her a look and held up his pinky. Claire smiled, “I’m kidding, I’m kidding. This place is…fine. I’ll unpack on my own, okay?”
“Like my Papa. Just certain things. Like the sound of him making breakfast in the morning. The way he would always greet dad with, ‘Hello Dean,’ the way he was never able to tie his tie correctly. It was always just a little bit crooked. Dad would just say it was part of his charm. I do remember…the way he always smelled like he had been outside in the cold. His hugs were always so warm, but he would just smell cold. I actually love it whenever Dad would move us somewhere cold after he died. Whenever it would snow, I could just go outside, and breath in deep. It was like I was hugging him again…” she trailed off, lost in thought, before asking a question she was almost scared to hear the answer to, “Jack…if my Papa’s a ghost, did he forget about me?”
“They are not ghosts! We’re just having hallucinations from that dinner that we ate! It was the chicken, it didn’t taste right.”
“Will you just relax!” she said, exasperated, “Where’s your sense of adventure?”
“I got no complaints. He’s always been an angel to me,” Gabriel answered.
“What’s the address? Where is it?”
The family walked over to the elaborately set table, and Roman pulled a chair out at one end, and motioned for Castiel to sit, “Thank you,” the father said, politely.
Lucifer snatched up the letter and began to read. He could feel his heart breaking as he read Michael’s acceptance. He had loved him. It wasn’t all a lie. He was furious as Roman said, “Must we continue to listen to the ramblings of a lunatic?”
He fought her hard enough to make her lose her balance. The witch flailed helplessly on her broomstick, screaming, “Hallowed ground! Hallowed ground! Sisters!” Ruby went to help her, but Cas, Sam, and Cain grabbed the vacuum cord that was dangling behind her, stopping her in her tracks. Meg flew up to help her and pulled with all of her might. When the boys couldn’t hold on anymore, they let go of the cord, sending the sisters flying.
It was a rite of passage for every teenager in the town to try to sneak in and get photographic evidence. No one had ever done it successfully, however, so if Ben and Jesse managed it, they would be legends.
“Michael. His is the story that haunts these halls.”
“Claire…” he leaned close to her, and shyly whispered, “Can I keep you?”
Jack ran over to his sister, and grabbed onto her arm, “It’s a ghost ball,” he whispered. The kids jumped back as the ghost ball rushed at them, before stopping and moving back to the door.
“I was just goofin’.” Lucifer defended.
Dean watched the party from the second floor. He didn’t want to interfere, but he also didn’t want to be too far from Claire after his temporary death experience. He knew exactly who the strange boy dancing with his daughter was, but he didn’t have any idea how it had happened.
“It’s just a little dusty. We’ll get a cleaning crew to come in, polish it up. There won’t be a speck of dust,” Dean explained.
“Hey, put me down!” the psychic screamed, “This is bad luck! This is very bad luck!”
Gabriel noticed Jack cleaning the kitchen, “What are you doing? That counter used to be dirty enough to eat off of,” he complained.
“Hey Dean,” his mother said lovingly at her first born, “How was school?”
He nodded, and they began to search for the crypt. It didn’t take long, because directly across the bridge, was a shiny, black crypt, “That must be it.”
Dean flinched, but he really couldn’t argue. That that didn’t stop him from trying, though, “We’re here because I take my responsibilities as breadwinner for this family very seriously. I want you guys to have everything I never had as a child.”
Cas could barely choke out, “I do,” the last time he had said those words it was the happiest day of his life. Now it was the most horrifying.
Ruby had finally gotten a good trail on the boys, and it led them back to the high school.
“How do you know that?”
Jack nodded nervously, and the two of them went back to the Lazarus. As Casper sealed the door behind himself, Claire took a deep breath, and went to pull the lever. The vial was in place, and there would be no more disturbances with Crowley and Abaddon gone.
“See ya!” Claire said, giddy. She might have a friend.
Dean tore open the door to the cottage, “Prepare to die! Again!” he shouted.
“Jack…it’s time.”
When they finally reached the double doors at the end of the hallway, Roman pushed them open, revealing an enormous dining room with a fireplace to match.
He rolled down the flight of thirty-eight stairs, keeping ahold of the corner of the rug the entire way down. Fortunately, he was rolled in the carpet during this, the thick material protecting him from the dangerous fall. He heard the three ghosts heckling his situation as they watched him fall, heard their mocking laughter as he hit the floor, with the momentum of his descent forcing him to keep rolling, until he reached the end of the carpet.
Roman picked up a glass of wine and poured the same poison he had used to kill Michael into it, “From this day forward, you shall be joined together as one for all eternity. Until the very end of time,” he held the goblet out to Cas, “What God has joined together, let no man cast asunder.”
“Alright Dean, you’ve had your fun but it’s time to go,” Sam pleaded. He grabbed Cas’ hand and led him to the door, “Come on, Cas.”
Sam just shook his head and changed the subject back to the matter at hand, “Listen, this cat here, Gabe, he can talk. Dean’s a virgin and lit the black flame candle, the witches are back from the dead and they’re after us!”
“Tis a full black river!” Ruby declared, frightened.
Dean and Claire had made their way to the cellar and found the fuse box. It was covered in spiderwebs, and Dean had made her stand a good few feet away, just in case it was exactly as safe as it looked. Fortunately, nothing happened, except for the lights, “That was easy.”
“It’s not dad,” John said, in an over the top accent, “It’s Dadcula,” he said with a flourish. John looked over at Cas. Dean had come out the year before, so he knew the attractive young man had to be a date, or at least, a want to date, “Oh, my goodness. Who might this charming young blood donor be?” he asked, kissing the blue-eyed boy’s hand. Cas blushed and awkwardly fidgeted.
“Hm? Oh, that’s the black flame candle,” Cas whispered, mysteriously.
“Don’t get your knickers in a twist!” Abaddon growled out, as she and her sisters went to hold the door closed, “We’re just three, kindly old spinster ladies!”
Cas knew that Dean had always doubted whether or not he could be a good father to Claire, always thinking the time he had missed when she was a baby would create an unmendable rend in their relationship. His self-doubt was something Cas had thought he would always be there to help his husband fight against. Castiel knew that if Dean hadn’t been there, he would never have been able to cross over, “What parent does? Dean, Claire is growing up beautifully because of you.”
“Hey, buttercup,” the driver said to Meg, who had moved to his lap and was steering the bus, “Anyone ever tell you you’re very easy on the eyes?”
Claire smiled and held out her pinky, “It’s a deal.”
Dean stopped him, “Hey, Gabe! Where do you think you’re going? You’re a Winchester now…one of us.”
“A long time.”
He looked at his watch, “And I’m late for lunch, so if you’ll excuse me.” he stood up, and gathered his papers into his briefcase.
“Very nice to meet you,” Crowley confirmed.
“Gabriel…hmm.”
Crowley and Abaddon couldn’t believe their luck. The little ghost had led them right to the treasure.
Lucifer smiled, before offering him a rolled-up piece of paper, “Here, take this.”
“Not so fast, little man!” a voice boomed from behind him, “The bitch is back!”
“See, I’m a good dancer,” from insider the music box where she kept her scrunchie, “Woah!” he squealed as the small form inside span around unexpectedly. She shook her head, shutting the box and walking over to her dresser, “Don’t need a costume!” she shut the drawer in his face, and went to the closet, getting more and more annoyed. Jack had been at this for hours, ever since Alex had left. As she pulled open the door, she jumped back, obviously startled as a bunch of balloons burst out, “I’m always the life of the party,” he said, very seriously.
“Jack! Claire! Are you two okay?!”
“Well don’t! Nothing good can come from this book! Got it?” he waited until they nodded before going back to Sammy.
Claire’s face lit up in a bright smile, “Thanks Dad!” she wrapped her arms around his neck in a huge hug. They stayed that way for a few seconds before pulling apart, “How did your first session go with them?” she added an extra emphasis on ‘them.’
“That’s it,” Pamela confirmed. He handed her off to Sam, who in turn, handed her off to Gabriel, who gently set her on a dusty stack of pillow.
“He took his own life…poison…after that, his life became unbearable. So, without hope, without love, without Michael…he hung himself.”
“Kill him!” Abaddon commanded, tossing him a knife. The zombie held the blade up and brought it to his own face, slicing through the thread keeping his mouth shut. Dean nearly threw up when three live moths flew from the dead man’s mouth. The zombie spoke.
“Confound it!” Abaddon hissed, glaring at the rain. Something occurred to her…she put her hands under the rain. It didn’t burn. She licked the fluid from her hands. “Shut up!” she said to her whimpering sisters, “It is but water!”
And he did. All of the spirits who had been buried in the private cemetery were roaming the grounds. It didn’t look like they were in pain, or miserable, it was more like they were at a park enjoying a picnic. Some were reenacting their deaths, and some were simply talking, or taking a stroll. Dean looked out the window and shouted up to Sam, “Why are all these ghosts still hanging around here?”
“I don’t know…Gabe told us not to open it.”
“Dearly beloved,” Roman began, “We are gathered together here, in the sight of God, to join these two men in the bonds of holy matrimony. Wilt thou, Lucifer Morgenstern, have this man to be thy wedded husband? To live together in the holy state of matrimony.”
Claire guessed the party was going fine. She had never been to one before, but everyone seemed to be having a good time, and the ghostly trio hadn’t even made an appearance. She guessed they felt guilty for inadvertently causing the temporary death of her father, and that this was their way of apologizing. Though judging by the way some of her classmates were looking around, almost bored, she guessed they were disappointed not to see any ghosts. Oh well, she doubted they would be so excited to see the ghostly trio if they had decided to make an appearance.
“Who is it?”
The program went back to the narrator, “And so, Dr. Dean Winchester continues his work, dragging his daughter along for the ride. This week, they’re in Lawrence, Kansas, and next week? Boo knows?”
Claire sat in a chair along the wall, the only wallflower left, it appeared. She watched as classmate after classmate was invited to dance, trying not to let the sting hurt as she was constantly passed over. She didn’t even have anyone to talk to…this attempt at making friends was not going too well, apparently.
“All the places up here are big multimillion-dollar mansions!” he exclaimed, excited, “This could be big!”
Claire cringed a bit, “I don’t wanna look cute. Cute’s like when you’re nine years old, and you’ve got papier-mache around your head. Or when you’re wearing a sheet with holes cut out for the eyes. I wanna look nice…like, grown up nice.”
“You’re—”
Roman ignored him to glare at Sam and Gabriel, “I will deal with you two later,” he said, effectively banishing them from the room.
“Answer me!” he demanded.
Michael walked over to where Dean was still holding onto Castiel’s body. He gave an apologetic look before leaning down to press a kiss to Castiel’s pale lips. He pulled away before Dean could push him away, and said, “My gift to you.”
They were so caught up in their breakfast, that they didn’t notice the trio of ghosts sitting in the three set places opposite them. At least, not until a burnt piece of toast hit Dean right smack in the middle of his forehead. The father-daughter duo stared at the ghostly trio across the table.
“You said all I needed to do was find this key! I got the key, and now you’re telling me this story about a trunk!” he was furious. This psychic was playing with him, and his family, and he didn’t like it one bit, “’The key is the answer to all,’ remember?”
“I just know what I like.”
“Children?” Gabriel asked, playing dumb, “What children?”
“Enough, enough!” Abaddon says, slapping her, lightly, on the cheeks as a way to tell her to pull herself together, “We are witches! We are evil! What would our dear mother, Rowena say if she could see us like this?” she looked up at the sky before thinking better of it and looking down to the ground. The witches sighed in unison and looked down saying, “Mother.”
Dean’s eyes widened, and his heart stopped for a second. His little girl was talking about looking grown up. What was next? Dating? Oh, he wasn’t looking forward to this discussion, “Honey, I think maybe it’s time that we…. sat down and—”
Cas gasped in horror. Lucifer went on, “His soul wanders these halls, waiting for the man he loves to return. If you listen carefully, you can still hear the beats of his broken heart.”
Dean was not proud of the scream he let out, but Claire really shouldn’t have snuck up on someone who thought he was alone in a crypt, “What’s the matter with you?! You can’t just pop out of nowhere like that; you almost gave me a heart attack! I thought I told you to wait with your brother?!”
“My patience is wearing thin!” he looked at Castiel, “Michael, please come to me!”
“Dead man’s toe!” Meg remembered, happily.
“I mean, what’s your problem?! He’s just cleaning the counter!”
“Show yourself!”
Into a land of enchantment,
“Yeah, that’s a good idea. We’ve been the ghostly trio long enough. I think it’s time to make it a quartet!”
“Gabriel! Gabriel Novak!” the boys turned to see a young girl with flaming red hair wearing a long, white nightgown. She was obviously a spirit. She smiled when she saw Gabe.
Cas and Dean walked farther into the room. He most definitely did not scream when two hands fell onto his shoulders. Nope. It wasn’t him. Dean turned around and came face to face with his dad. His mom had obviously done his make up to make him look like Bela Lugosi’s Dracula. He made a pretty creepy looking vampire…Dean didn’t know why he was wearing pajamas under his cape and decided not to question it.
Jack noticed something he didn’t like, “Papa!” he said, going over to Cas, “This place has spiders!” Cas gave him a hug and a comforting pat on the head. Before he could say anything, a door opened from the hallway under the stairs. A man walked down the hall towards them. He had short, dark hair, and was wearing a tuxedo. He looked like he was in his mid-forties but was unhealthily pale.
Dean licked his lips and took a chance, “What about new boyfriends?” he dared to ask. Cas’s eyes widened, but he leaned in when the other boy did. Before their lips could meet, a crash came from upstairs.
“I am NOT going to forget this, you ungrateful, lousy little worm you!”
Dean jerked away from the trio, setting the picture safely on his desk, “But, we’re not here to talk about me.”
“His thumbs?” Abaddon tried to remember, “Or was it his gums? Bums? Mums? Chungs!”
“They’re ghosts, dad,” Claire tried to explain, but Dean was having none of that.
“There’s no such thing as ghosts,” she muttered, just loud enough for him to hear. Dean glanced over at his daughter and abruptly pulled off to the side of the road. Claire looked at him, confused, “I’ll tell you what…if you go with me this one last time, and I don’t find what I’m looking for, it’s over. No more moving, no more ghost therapy.”
Sam nodded, “The man’s talking sense, everyone should just keep their noses out of our business.”
“Sisters, we have been gone three hundred years!” she pushed Sam into a chair by the cauldron. The same chair Anna Novak had spent her last moments in.
“A virgin lit the candle.”
“That’s right,” he gently threw the ball at Jack, who caught it instinctively.
Michael
Meg walked out with the mop. She merely held it up into the air and rose off the ground, happily.
She finally felt brave enough to put down the dust buster, and so, naturally, that was when the ghost popped up.
Cas smiled softly. Listening to this story had helped him realize that all of his problems with Dean were fixable. Hearing Mr. Morgenstern’s thoughts about love resonated in his heart. He loved his husband, even when he could be an idiot, “Yes, I do.”
“There’s no such thing as chungs,” Ruby said.
Cas led them over to a glass case that had an ancient book inside of it, “This is the spell book of Abaddon Demoniac,” he read the description aloud, “It was given to her by the devil himself. The book is bound in human skin, and contains the recipes for her most powerful and evil spells.”
Jack floated from toy, to toy. Each one he looked at brought a new memory back, “I know this,” he whispered, shocked. Hanging on the wall, was a small mold of a hand, labeled ‘Jack.’ He touched his transparent had to it, “I had five fingers! I remember!” this was his playroom. A place built specifically for him by his loving father. He had spent so much time in here when he was still alive, that it was no surprise that the sounds and sight of all his beloved toys brought back so many memories he had thought were long gone. Even the smell, though still slightly musty despite Claire’s best efforts remained the same. Jack jumped high, another memory coming back to him, “And wait!” he said, before floating out of the room, Claire following closely behind him, deep into the attic as he dove into a trunk.
Azazel’s yellow tinged eyes rolled in annoyance. He was just here to read the will, not get involved in a post-mortem family feud, “No, it was lousy about fifty years ago. Now it’s condemned,” he slid the folder containing the deed over to the annoyed red head, and left the room, leaving her with a final, “Enjoy.”
“Check out this house,” Dean exclaimed.
“I don’t like this,” she said with a glare before walking away from him. Henry had been her friend for years, but he was just becoming terrible the older they got. She actually liked Claire, what little she knew about her so far, and really did want to get to know her. But Henry was making her ask to hang out, only to not show up and hurt her feelings at the dance. She didn’t know why he hated her so much, but he did, and she was still loyal to her friend, however jerky he was acting. As much as Alex wanted to get to know Claire, Henry was her oldest friend.
“I always do it,” he said, proudly.
The inside of the mansion was magnificent! There was a double staircase above a darkened entrance to another room, lush red carpets covered the floor, and lit candelabras were placed every few feet to give a soft glow.
“Of course, Sir,” Sam agreed, wanting to get this conversation over with, so they could get the kids back safely, “What a fool.”
“Oh…you got our flier,” Cas knew the pictures were a bad idea.
He was about to lay back down for another hour of rest when he heard it again. A high-pitched giggle coming from outside. Even though he knew it was impossible, he looked over at his little sister’s bed. It was empty.
Gabe rolled his eyes at them, “Relax, I’ve hunted mice down here for years.”
“You had a mom?” Jack asked, genuinely shocked. He had only heard of Claire and her dad talking about another father.
“No, I am not happy, Claire. I was trying to make a point to your brother about how important it is to kill your own spider!”
Claire walked over to one of the boxes, and after a bit of struggling, managed to pull the nailed-on lid off. When she looked in the contents of the box, she finally realized what the room was.
“You have no powers here, you fool!” Abaddon yelled.
Crowley looked around at the construction workers preparing for the demolition, “Are you sure we’re not going a tad overboard here?”
“And do you, Michael Godson, take this man to be your lawful husband? To love and cherish in death, as you did in life?”
“Cas, do you know where this place is?!”
“Dean! Calm down!” Cas ordered.
“There’s a spider in my room! There’s a spider in my room, he’s on the window!”
“You’ll get over it.” Dean had Pamela lead the way to the trunk. He was getting tired of playing these games with her, and just wanted to get everything done with, so he could safely get his husband and children out of this house. She led them back upstairs to the attic, just past the painting of Michael. Sitting there, looking just like another piece of attic junk, sat the trunk, “Is that it?”
“No, no, no, of course I don’t think you’re crazy. But remember, ghosts can’t hurt you, okay? They’re simply spirits with unfinished business, alright? Now, let’s see about this ghost,” Claire rolled her eyes. Apparently, her father wasn’t quite so open-minded when it came to his own daughter. He went over to the bathroom and opened the door all the way, “Check here…see? No ghost there,” he knelt down by the bed and checked underneath it, “Oh! No, there’s no ghost in there,” he ran over to the closet, “We can even check in there,” he pulled the closet door open, revealing a bashful looking Jack.
“Boy down!” Meg laughed. Cas opened the salt and frantically made a circle around himself and Dean.
“Anytime,” he tossed one to Ruby and Meg stood up and whispered in his ear.
Ruby and Abaddon walked farther into the room, while Meg stayed put. She reached her hand up to the beam above her head as if she was looking for something.
“I wish you could stay,” Dean groaned, stretching.
Well, it looks like Sam, Lucifer, and Gabriel had managed to have some fun after all.
“Sure,” Dean said, the same time Sam said, “No.”
Claire smiled after her. The guy seemed like a douche, but maybe she could make friends with the pretty girl.
“We’d have a great time together.”
“Too late!”
“Can I hurt you?”
“That is absurd,” Roman argued.
Dean sighed but nodded. He didn’t really want his kids going down there anyway. He turned to his daughter, “Claire, stay out here with your brother.”
“What!?” she barked.
Claire was starting to get tired of running after Jack, “Don’t you know a shortcut?”
Dean flicked open his lighter. He had been pounding on the door for the last few minutes, but nobody had come, and he couldn’t find any way to open the passageway from this side. He saw no other alternative but to go through it, “Where’s that scary albino when you need him,” he muttered to himself.
“…Actually, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about. I might have a chance to make friends.”
“We got a new cat!” Sam announced, clutching Gabe to his chest. There was no answer, “Mom?”
“We were just startin’ to have fun,” Lucifer objected.
“And snap, crackle, pop, you’re back alive and on your way to the Riviera.”
“Didn’t he ever hear of caffeine?” she asked, as she ripped off the bowtie, and finally escaped the chair from Hell, “What is all this?” she asked, looking around the laboratory.
Dean Winchester had given up a stable career in pursuit of this. He had dragged his daughter all over the country, declaring left, right, and center that ghosts were real and that he could help them. Yet, despite all of this, he had never actually seen a ghost.
They dropped their bags, looking in awe at their surroundings. They were so caught up in how the room looked, that they didn’t notice the pale, transparent head looking down at them from the ceiling.
“Put him down, or I’ll smash it!” he threatened.
Dean walked into his office, deliberately late for the trio’s therapy session. He knew exactly how he would make the ghosts leave Claire and the party alone for the night.
“How do I know? I’m not the weather man,” Claire said, sarcastically, before walking into the bathroom to brush her teeth.
“What the Hell is that thing?” Lucifer asked, genuinely confused and even a little curious.
Cas nearly vomited when Meg pulled her arm down, “My lucky rat tail! Just where I left it!” she put it in her mouth and began to nibble on the tail that was over three hundred years old.
Their hands met, hers pink and warm, his clear, small and translucent. His hand went through her skin, and she shivered at the cold sensation. Neither one had felt this before. Claire had obviously never touched a ghost, and Jack had never been welcome to touch a living person. He couldn’t feel much of anything, physically, but he still had emotions. And the simple gift of gentle physical touch that he had been denied for so long. If he still could, Jack knew that he would be crying.
“I guess they’re still at the party,” Dean shrugged, “Come on in,” he invited Cas, and they went upstairs to Dean’s bedroom.
The volume for the tv was slowly turning up, but she still didn’t notice until the front desk worker put her on hold. She finally turned towards the tv where Dr. Winchester was once again speaking, “With therapy they can pack up their emotional baggage, and they can move on.”
“Come child,” the figure beckoned in a straining voice. Anna gave another giggle as she followed the witch into the cottage. Gabriel stood up, wincing at the pain the movement caused. But the fiendish cackles that rang out when Anna entered the cottage gave him the strength to go on. He needed to save his sister.
Crowley gave a pleased little laugh, before sobering, and realizing a small problem with that, “If you were a ghost.”
Ruby huffed a sigh when she saw the fire under the cauldron, “I knew I left this cauldron on. Didn’t I tell you? I just knew it!”
She pulled it open, revealing Mr. Lafitte dressed as a…vampire? A pirate? A Vampirate? She could only assume. And the student council holding decorations and food behind him, “We’re here,” he said in his Louisiana accent.
“We were not expecting…others,” he said.
“Red tape,” Lucifer said, bored with the hole system.
After spotting a small box on the dresser, he opened it up, and smiled at the tune that emerged from what was apparently a music box. Two carved figures were dancing in the box. Two men, one blonde, one with black hair, wearing fancy suits. His smile widened when he noticed how much they looked like his dad and papa. They hadn’t danced in a while.
As he listened to the music, he noticed something unusual. The room looked like it was getting brighter… he quickly turned around, and screamed, “Claire!”
Abaddon had already thought about that, “If you were,” she said, before grabbing something off the wall.
When Dean’s head finally cleared, he realized he had landed on the same vacuum cleaner that had made him fall down the stairs in the first place. Thinking fast, he grabbed the hose, thankful that he had thought to plug it in.
“Baby, I’m so sorry,” he mumbled before stepping on the gas. He and the psychic screamed as they slammed into the side of the greenhouse.
“I think my ears just popped,” he said, when Claire decided he looked normal. Before she could respond, they were both startled by a feminine, ghostly cackle. One that definitely didn’t belong to any of Jack’s uncles. They were shocked to see a ghost fly right over their heads and into the vault Jack had pointed out earlier.
“Hey, look I’m sorry! Okay? But we’re talking about three ancient hags vs. the twentieth century! How bad can it be?”
“Are you gonna put little chocolates on the pillow?”
“It’s actually Bumble’s fault that I’m late. He was a little buzzed and made a mess of honey in the back seat.”
Dean pushed her through the door, and shut it behind her, “You’re gonna have a lot of fun! I know you will!” he rested his head against the door, knowing he was in for a very long session with this unruly trio of ghosts. He turned around to see all three of them staring at him as they chewed, “All right, guys. We’ve obviously gotten off on the wrong foot here. Now, you know and I know that you really shouldn’t be here. So, I’ll tell you what. Why don’t you go ahead and finish your meal, and we can mee in my office, and start the process of crossing over. What do you say?” they answered him with a face full of his own pie. He glared as he wiped the sticky apple off of his face and looked down at his watch, “Well, it’s your hour.”
Claire snickered, and went ahead. They were too slow for her tastes, “Dad!” she shouted back as she caught sight of the mausoleum, “There it is!” Jack and Dean ran up to join her and stared up at the intimidating structure.
“Liar,” Abaddon laughed, “But we shall be sprigs forever once we’ve sucked out the lives of all the children in Salem!” she looked over at Gabriel, who had pulled himself up to his feet with the support of a ladder.
‘Almost lover, long since dead,
Jack looked up at her, and his eyes widened in shock when he saw what she was holding, “Careful!” he shouted, floating over to her, and taking the beaker from her hands, “That’s what makes the whole thing work! Kind of an instant primordial soup mix,” Claire just raised a brow, clearly not getting it, “It’s what brings ghosts back to life,” he clarified, “There’s just enough for one,” he looked to the machine. On one side, there was an open compartment, just big enough for the bottle in Jack’s hands. He locked it in place, and the liquid began to glow as he turned the compartment so that the beaker was upside down, “Pull the lever.”
Dean glared at Pamela as he showed her the key, “All right, we went to Hell and back to get this thing, so where’s the door out of here?”
“If you want out, why…I’ll show you out,” Roman bent down to grab Dean by the throat. Dean gasped for breath as the spirit began to levitate until they were far to high off the ground, and dangerously close to the attic’s high window, “Now, for the last time; goodnight Mr. Winchester,” and without another word, he threw Dean out the window.
“I am!” Gabriel readily agreed, waving his umbrella in the air. The trio backed the Doctor up to the foot of the same staircase he had just rolled down. He stared each one dead in the eye, pardon the pun, and fended off their attacks with the plunger. Eventually, the rubber head connected with Sam’s face, the suction making it impossible for Sam to pull free. Dean pulled, stretching the apparition’s neck before giving a harsh tug. The spirit went flying out of the foyer with a yelp of pain as the other two refocused their attack. Dean climbing the stairs backwards, as he fended off the ghosts.
“Oh, come on! Who let one?!”
“A bus? And its purpose?” she asked.
Sam turned to the other two, “See? Now don’t you feel just awful?”
She slowly walked over to the table, not taking her eyes off the ghost. She passed the chair he was offering in favor of sitting kitty corner to it, on the side where two places were already set, “I can see right through you,” she said.
“You can talk?” Dean could help but say.
Cas smiled. It was almost time for him to go, but he couldn’t resist touching Dean’s hair one final time. Neither of them had any idea that the last time they saw each other was the last time, and they wanted to use this final goodbye to make up for it. Dean clutched Castiel’s hand close to his face, before slowly leaning in, and pressing a last, heartbreaking kiss to his husbands ever so slightly dry lips.
“You have very beautiful children, Mr. Winchester,” Lucifer was focused on Cas.
“I’m not Michael,” Cas cried. He was starting to feel a little sick, and just wanted to go home.
“Oh, Abi,” Ruby said happily, “Thou art divine!”
“Dad!” Claire jumped into her father’s arms, giving him the biggest hug she could manage, happy to feel him, warm and tangible in her arms.
“That’s not my head.”
Claire looked up at him, a little nervous, but grabbed onto the arms of the chair, “Why?”
“I will,” Lucifer said, voice filled with love as he stared at Michael.
“We’ll just stick to the bright side,” Dean muttered as thunder roared across the sky. They hadn’t noticed before, but there was definitely a storm on their way. Dean grabbed his husband’s hand and began to usher them all around to the front door.
The boxes had been filled with toys. A miniature Ferris Wheel stood next to the window, overlooking the ocean. An electric train roamed the room on a track above their heads. There was so much more, that Jack couldn’t even begin to take stock of it all. This was a child’s dream playroom.
“What are you made of?”
“My husband and I work as a team,” Cas replied, shaking his head even though he knew the other man couldn’t see it.
“His close, personal daughter,” she said, awkwardly as Abaddon and Crowley closed in on her.
Jack looked up at him as if he were insane, “It’s a big spider!”
Cas sighed, “Okay, let me get changed, they’ll never miss me." he walked up the stairs. Dean’s eyes followed him.
At that last question, she glared at them, “He’s my father,” she said, frustrated at the interrogation.
That night, as Claire put her long blonde hair up in a ponytail so she could sleep, Jack kept popping up.
“I can’t kill it!”
“The parties are always pretty dead, though,” Lucifer added with a laugh. before they could say anything else, three knocks rang through the room.
“Marvelous,” Abaddon growled. Meg stood up and went to join her sisters. The driver caught her arm.
“Twist the bones, and bend the back.
“No thanks, I don’t smoke,” Dean said, wanting to get out of there.
The other students ignored him as someone sitting solidly in the middle said, “Mr. Lafitte, how does this sound; the Halloween dance is screwed, right? This girl has a seriously creepy house with room to spare.”
“We haven’t much time left!” Abaddon said frantically, “We shall have to make the potion from memory!”
“Well, hello,” Ruby greeted, turning around before being hit in the midsection with as much force as Castiel could summon. She squealed and fell to the ground in pain. While she was getting up, Cas grabbed a frying pan from the wall and hit her over the head with it, knocking her unconscious.
Dean jumped, and turned around, “Cas!”
Before the smallest one finished it up with, “Catch your pants before they fall,” the tallest ghost in the middle made a skilled move with his sword, aiming at Dean’s belt. The ghost was quick, but Dean was pissed. He dodged easily and looked for a convenient place to think of what he should do about this.
On Halloween, Claire cheerfully made her way down to the kitchen, “Hey Dad!” she greeted, startling Dean and causing him to spill a bit of the much-needed coffee he had been pouring, “Sorry about that,” Dean just waved her off, and she went to sit down next to him. She held up a blue credit card, “I found your Visa card.”
Abaddon rolled her eyes before grabbing Ruby by the ear, “Leave her be, she has done her chore!” Ruby winced, but nodded. Although, when Abaddon turned back to the book, she couldn’t resist growling at the youngest sister, “Right,” Abaddon announced, flipping over the front cover, “Tis time!” the books pages began to flip.
“Dean!” Sam cries, trying to get to him, but Ruby kept a strong hold on his arm.
“You’re looking at it.”
“In the flesh!” Abaddon said proudly, before looking down at her ghostly body, “Well, in a couple of minutes.”
Gabriel glared at her and raised to his full, not very impressive, height, “Hey, shut up, Skin bag!”
“Yeah. I know it looks kind of funky and stuff from the outside. But, I mean, I don’t know—inside it’s kind of cool,” she wasn’t really lying. The house was beautiful and, the ghosts really weren’t all that bad once you got to know them.
“Wanna smash some pumpkins?” Al suggested.
With that, the table finally fell to the ground. Dean didn’t waste any time to run from the room, and if he was screaming, that was nobody’s business but his.
“I haven’t the faintest idea what you’re talking about.”
“And these are not hobgoblins. See?” she pulled the mask off a passing trick or treater.
Dean didn’t even need to think on it, “Deal,” he agreed, shaking the cold, weightless hand.
Or at least, so she thought. For as she went to pull the lever, and bring her best friend back to life, she heard a voice she knew very well call out, “Honey, I’m home!” her eyes widened in terror as an obviously fresh, distorted ghost, came floating into the lab. A ghost wearing a leather jacket, with a hint of flannel underneath. A ghost with short, slightly spikey blond hair. A ghost with apple green eyes. Her father.
“Anybody hungry for a little shish ka-doc?” Lucifer asked with a grin as he swung his newly acquired cane.
“Claire? I don’t think I know a Claire. You must have the wrong, Dad, I guess. Sorry Pal.”
Crowley carefully snuck out of the house, frantically looking around for the woman he had hopefully just killed who had been trying to kill him…honestly it was no wonder his mother didn’t think the two of them made for a healthy couple…
“We think you’re really cute,” Al said, apologetically.
“Mom! Dad!” he shouted when they went inside.
“Very bad for your skin,” he gave his translucent arm a sassy slap.
“Now you have no choice!” he declared, “You have to take me!” Abaddon snarled and lowered her broom to the ground, hovering above it to keep herself safe.
Abaddon rushed to his side, “Treasure!?” Crowley, you idiot, get it out!”
“Will you ever forgive me?”
“Evil and darkness have fallen this night, but now to survive, you must gain new sight!”
Dean walked over to Cas and grabbed the book, “Well, let’s torch the sucker,” he dropped the book to the ground and pulled out his lighter. When he held the flame to the cover, nothing happened.
His eyes widened and he laughed, “Well, it might take me a few tries, but I don’t think that’d be a problem. Come on up.”
“And what about our big family adventure?” he asked, disappointed, but not surprised.
“Yeah. The witches are dead. My soul’s finally free,” he held out his hand to Sam, and the crying boy held it, “You freed me, Sammy. Thank you,” he turned to Dean, “Hey, Dean. Thanks for lighting that candle.” Dean nodded. A young voice rang through the grave yard.
“All right,” Cas said, smiling. He loved how driven his husband was, but it was getting a bit ridiculous. Hopefully, this weekend would help.
“Hag!” Abaddon hissed, “Sisters, did you hear what he called you? Whatever shall we do with him?”
Claire and Jack walked into the room. It was beautiful and elaborate, but Claire honestly felt as though the room was sad. She was uncomfortable in there, and said, in a voice dripping with sarcasm, “Yeah…real homey.”
“I’m Al, this is Fergus,” he motioned to his friend, who was wearing a black suit for some reason.
“No, you!”
“Bad,” Gabriel confirmed before Castiel caught his eye. He had been holding the spell book and was opening the front cover, “Stay out of there!” he demanded. Cas jumped and closed the book.
Abaddon sighed, “And what is that? Dude?”
“I’m not gonna leave him out here by himself. You two stay out there, and I’ll take care of this,” he gave both of his children a hug, and walked up to the crypts entrance. He pulled the rusty latch, and the large door gave a loud creak of disapproval as he forced the door open. Dean coughed as decades worth of dust and cobwebs fell into his face as he started down into the crypt. Before he went to far, he turned back to his children, “I’m gonna be right back, all right?”
“Rich people,” Sam said, nonchalantly, “They’ll probably make us drink cider, bob for apples.” They shared a look and walked up to the front door.
Dean already didn’t like these people, and their utter disregard for other people’s personal space was not helping the matter, “No, no, no. As with a traditional psychological cure, it can take weeks or even years for—”
And as Gabriel, wearing a red dress for some reason, happily yelled out, “My man!” and rushed to give him a big kiss on the lips, Dean knew that it had been stupid to believe a word any of these three ghosts had to say to him.
“The guy is dead and he’s trying to get with my husband! And the house isn’t really for sale! Yes, I’m upset!”
“Why?”
“Rabid bats, black death. Oh! Mother’s scorpion pie!”
“Yes, I know my dear, I know. He’s expecting you. He’s always been expecting you,” Roman walked over to the bed where he had laid out Michaels wedding suit from the attic, “And look, you haven’t put on your suit yet. The master had it made especially for you. We can’t keep him waiting.”
He stopped when he felt the witches glaring down at him. He looked up at Ruby and she growled at him, “It’s been great fun,” he said, gulping, “But I guess I’ll have to be going,” he tried to stand, but Abaddon pushed him back into the chair.
“We are doomed. I feel the icy breath of death upon my neck! Ruby. Take me to the window, I wish to say goodbye.”
Sam jumped up with a squeak.
“Pretty much,” Sam said, not quite apologetic, “Are you upset?”
Claire rolled her eyes, as she put her things in her locker. She grabbed her binder and trusty mechanical pencil that had been with her for the last six schools and hurried to find her class. Fortunately for her, it was actually pretty close, and she noticed Alex and Henry sitting by the window. Everyone seemed pretty comfortable where they were, so she just found the closest abandoned looking seat.
“Jack, no!” Claire argued as he grabbed her hand and pulled her to her feet, “Jack, no! No, no, no!” she tried to stop him from pulling her over to the room’s balcony. Jack started to lift her up, but he was a bit too slow and her foot knocked against the railing hard enough to cause both of their grips to loosen. Claire went tumbling out of the window, down to the harsh ocean very, very far below her. She screamed as the water came closer and closer to her, before she felt something grab her foot, and the ocean, thankfully, began to recede as Jack pulled her up by her ankle, “Jack, no! Oh my God, this is high! This is very high! Jack! Jack!” Jack continued to ignore her screams as he flew them both over the ocean.
“Do you believe in ghosts? Have you ever seen one? Does your father ever hurt you in any way?”
“Only the light will lead the way! Follow it and find your way home! Go Mr. Winchester, your family is at stake! Your life is at stake for there is no escape for you unless you lift the spell! Go! Save yourself! Save your family! Release him! Release us all!”
“I thought, certainly bringing you back to Morgenstern Manor would help you remember.”
“This is Crowley.” Dean could barely contain his laughter at the two idiots, “So,” Al went on, “Let’s have a butt.”
“Abaddon, the deed’s in there!” Crowley said as he rushed over to rescue the documents. They could do nothing about the house, or the will without the records. As he frantically pulled out the folder, and patted the flames out with his bare hands, he examined the paperwork to ensure nothing important was lost, barely noticing the lone slip of paper that had fallen out.
They burst open the front door and floated into the house. As they headed to the kitchen, Sam stopped short, putting his long arms out to keep the other two from moving forward, “Hey, Lucifer, do you smell something?”
“Maybe not,” Dean said, ignoring the punks, “but there’s a power greater than your magic, and that’s knowledge! And there’s one thing that I know that you don’t!”
Dean gave a winning smile as he introduced himself, matching each word with a defensive strike, “Dr. Dean…Winchester…your…therapist.”
Roman nodded, sure they would do as commanded, “The final arrangements have been made. Nothing further will interfere with the master’s plans.”
The program cut to a testimonial from one of his past clients, whose face was blurred for privacy, “My Garth passed away five years ago, but he was so sad, his spirit wouldn’t leave the farm. So, I called Dr. Winchester, and in a few weeks, Garth left smiling.”
Ruby, however, could smell children. Not just smell them, she could sniff them out like a blood hound. Each child had a unique scent, and she could tell the differences in smells. And right now…she smelled two distinct children.
“Hey, who’s got their pointy head in my—”
Before Dean could ask what he meant, Castiel began to violently cough. It was the most beautiful sound Dean had ever heard in his life. He hugged his resurrected husband to his chest and rubbed his back until the coughing stopped. Blue eyes looked up at him, “Dean…”
“Don’t listen to her!” Dean shouted at the children walking down the street towards the cottage as Meg’s spell filled the sky. They couldn’t hear him.
And that was how it continued to go. Priests, psychics, witch doctors, a group of four kids and a large dog in a groovy van, ghost hunters, the next few weeks saw dozens of these types of people go in and out of the Hunters Manor. And not a single one was able to get the ghosts out of there. All of them ran, screaming, away from the manor, away from the town, some even left the state, not wanting to be anywhere near the house and its inhabitants.
“Hey, that’s my treasure!” Jack objected.
Claire’s eyes widened, before rolling back in her head as she fell over in a dead faint.
“Ah,” Abaddon said, taking in the sight. “We’re home!”
Abaddon pushed past him and grabbed her youngest sister, “Oh believe me, thou wouldst,” they stepped off the bus without another word, “What is this?” Abaddon asked, confused at the sight of all the children running around with costumes. Ruby began to panic.
Here in my garden of magic.’
“You’ve gotta kill the spider, Jack.”
“Oh, I see,” Pamela said, sarcastically, “You’re just gonna sit there feeling sorry for yourself.”
Dean held the bat as Abaddon flew to him, “For the last time, prepare to meet thy doom!” she shouted. Dean rolled his eyes and swung with all of his might. She flew out of range in the nick of time, “You little pest! I’ve had enough of you!” she grabbed the bat on his next swing and knocked him to the ground.
“No.”
“Not this year, Sammy,” Dean shook his head. Sam stopped jumping and hopped off the bed, looking up at his brother.
Dean walked over to the candle and read the description attached, “The black flame candle: It was made from the fat of a hangman,” he grimaced, “It says that by the light of the full moon it will raise spirits of the dead when lit by a virgin on Halloween night. Hmm…” he pulled the lighter out of his pocket, “So let’s light the sucker and meet the old broads,” Sam shook his head, begging him not to. Dean ignored him and held the lighter out to Cas, “Will you do the honor?”
Sam, Dean, and Cas didn’t stop running, following the cat to the cemetery. Dean drew the line, “Woah, woah, woah! This is a graveyard!”
“That’s good,” Cas nodded, “We’ll put that on the listing.”
As he was floating, lonely and bored, something on the T.V. caught his eye. ‘Dr. Dean Winchester, therapist to the dead.’ The little ghost thought it was funny, and decided to keep watching, “Are you depressed? Are you anxious? Are you lonely? Do you need someone to talk to?” Jack nodded at every question, “No problem…if you’re a ghost.” The program cut to the man in question. He didn’t look like any of the average therapists Jack had seen in movies. He was handsome, a bit scruffy, wearing flannel and a leather jacket. He honestly looked more like a lumberjack than a psychiatrist.
“How can we make the sun come up? And they’ve got Sammy. We need a miracle.”
They were startled out of their thoughts by a bus screeching to a halt beside them. The doors opened up and the driver looked them up and down.
“So, the legends are true.”
Claire’s eyes widened as two sharp, noisy razor blades lowered themselves in front of her, clanking against each other as they prepared to give her a shave. She ducked down as far as she could, giving the blades a wary look. As she finally passed them, she was sprayed in the face with icy water, making her gasp as hot air blew out of vents. Thankfully, those last two helped get the toothpaste off her face as three combs, one on each side of her head, came down and combed her hair back. The finishing touch was a final machine that lowered a black bowtie around her throat.
“You’re right!” Abaddon said frantically.
“Oh, I’m fine,” he answered, patting her head, “Why don’t we try to go to sleep, huh? I don’t think they’ll figure out how to get out of there for a little while.” Claire nodded and the two carefully helped each other down the stairs, both very shaken up by the strange way their night had gone. They could hear the three ghosts yelling from where they were stuck, but both decided they were better off ignoring it.
“But everyone here knows,” he went on, “that Halloween was invented by the candy companies. It’s a conspiracy!” he finished as the kids around him groaned.
I have given it much thought to our conversation in the garden where we then talked at great length about our “secret.”
“It’s an old house, Mr. Winchester. My employer is anxious to move on. Would it be possible for you to come alone, so we can discuss the situation?
“Not even your mom?”
“Can we go home now?”
Ruby carefully picked out a toe from their bowl, smelled it, and put it in the cauldron, “Fresh one,” she confirmed. She smirked at Meg and threw a toe at her. Meg threw the one she had been eating back. They kept going until Ruby threw too hard and hit Abaddon.
“Geez, this is serious,” Sam muttered to the other two, “I think that Dean’s having one of those fleshy breakdowns.”
Crowley and Al had toilet papered the entire neighborhood and were trying to think of something to do. It was Halloween, and they were punks. They couldn’t turn in early.
“Nay,” he said, apologetically, “But look, they conjure,” he pointed to the distant woods where a plume of purple smoke rose above the trees. It could be none other than the elderly Demoniac sisters who resided in the woods. They were thought to be witches, but they had never done anything to anyone, so the town didn’t bother them.
“Gentlemen. Happy hour,” the ghosts were determined to cheer Dean up, and so they picked him up, and floated him out the window, cheerfully singing ninety-nine bottles of beer on the wall as they floated over to the best bar in Friendship.
“Walls,” Abaddon finished with a pointed look at her companion, “Thick walls.”
The two men froze before turning around. The gate which had definitely been padlocked was swinging open, as if of its own accord.
“Dad, wait!” Claire called before he could close the door again.
“Why don’t we go to this old Demoniac house?” Dean asked, wanting to impress Cas. Neither Cas nor Sammy looked excited by the prospect, “Come on,” he said flirtatiously, “make a believer out of me.”
“Daylight savings time,” Ruby mocked, while her sisters laughed. Their laughter was cut short by a bright light shining through the window. Sunrise.
Claire walked down the street. Her dad had been sure to point out her new school while they had been driving to the manor, and it really wasn’t too far away. Just down the hill, and about half a mile into town. She was lost in thought, mainly taking in the scenery of her new town, which she had to admit, was kind of adorable.
Dean gripped her equally tight, “Oh, Nephie. Oh, that felt like the strangest dream. I—I thought we almost lost each other for a minute there. Oh, Nephie,” the two of them probably would have stayed in the hug all night if they hadn’t heard the loud music playing far above their heads.
“Jump back!” they stepped behind her and began to chant in unison. Abaddon began her spell.
“Yeah, but first I’m gonna tell his master what really happened.”
He carefully crawled across the floor, and peered over the edge of the loft.
“Hey, cupcake, don’t I get your phone number? Area code? Do you want my route schedule?”
“Well, yeah, if you drink blood,” Henry piped up again, earning himself a slap on the arm from Alex.
Claire came running up the stairs, “Dad! Are you okay?” she asked, running into her father’s arms to give him an eagerly returned hug.
“Great,” Mr. Lafitte obviously didn’t care and wanted to get the rest of the announcements over with, so he could get on with the class, “That’s done. Secondly, we have a new student today. I’d like you all to meet,” he looked at the paper with her name, reading it for the first time since the secretary had given it to him, “Winchester Claire,” he didn’t realize he had mixed up the names until the class started to laugh. He looked towards the back of the room where a young blond girl sat, head in her hands at the embarrassing first impression, “Would you like to come up here and say ‘hi’ to everyone for me?”
Dean walked over to get a closer look, “Yeah,” he laughed, “you could have one hell of a weenie roast in that thing.”
The ghosts snuck up behind Dean as he collapsed on top of the karaoke machine’s speaker. Gabriel was armed with a rifle, Sam with a broken bottle, and Lucifer with a harpoon. They slowly slunk up to him, and raised their weapons in the air, before hiding them behind their backs as he turned around.
“Yeah,” Sam said happily.
Dean wasn’t sure what he had been expecting, but a large, sticky, hard projectile to suddenly slam into his forehead was not it. The shock caused him to drop his plunger and fall to the ground at the top of the stairs.
“A crypt with no name.”
Dean shook his head, frantically, “Dark spirits, I don’t want any dark spirits! Don’t you make those dark spirits come out!”
“Goodbye, goodb—” Abaddon cut herself off, “Sister, observe!” she pointed at the beam of light shining from the book, “They’ve opened it! Ha ha! Just when our time was almost up! Come! We fly!”
She was angry. she pulled herself up to her feet and crawled over to Dean. She picked him up and began to breath in his lifeforce before she felt her feet burning. She looked down at the ground. The hallowed ground. It was sacred, and she was demonic. She was turning to stone. “Book!” she called, but not even her spells could help her now. Abaddon Demoniac had turned to stone.
That did it. Teachers, students, parent chaperones, they all ran screaming out of the manor, leaving nothing but torn decorations and crumbled food in their wake. Claire and Jack shared a look, both more amused than anything. She could hear her dad laughing his head off from the second floor.
Claire was tired, though. When she was ten, it was a bizarre hope. Papa’s not gone, Daddy’s gonna find him. But as the months passed, and she saw more and more of how her dad was changing, she just couldn’t take it. They couldn’t work on healing together, because he didn’t think there was anything to heal from.
A glowing white light appeared through the cracks of the door where Gabriel had disappeared to.
“Jump on!” he told Claire, motioning towards the chair. She hopped on, taking the beaker from Jack as he pressed yet another button, this one to send the chair back through the tunnels to the starting point.
“Oh, Roman,” he could have cried in relief, “You have to help me! There’s something horribly wrong! Mr. Morgenstern, he—"
“From where?”
Crowley’s eyes narrowed in suspicion, “Are you a burglar? Because I warn you, I am armed!” he declared, pulling something out of his suit pocket. It might have looked very threatening if it weren’t for the fact that the item started to vibrate in his hand as a call came in... “Hello?” he said, answering the phone and ignoring the disembodied voice while Abaddon rolled her eyes at him.
He hadn’t even known he had lost it, “Where was it?”
She squinted her eyes and leaned in close to the carving to make it out, “’Beware all who enter, for here lies the passage to the dead,’” she looked at her dad with fear-filled eyes.
Claire’s eyes shot up to meet his. She motioned at the dress, “Can I?”
“No, I wouldn’tst,” he insisted.
He screamed as a black cat jumped on him and scratched at his face, biting at his neck. Cas and Sam screamed, and backed away from the vicious animal as Dean fell to the ground and the cat ran away from him, “Stupid cat!” he called after it, holding in a sneeze. Of course, of all the animals to be attacked by, it had to be the one he was allergic to.
Dean and Claire tried not to look at them as they shoveled their food into their mouths. You could literally see the chewed meals go right through them. Dean just focused on his pie, while Claire tried not to vomit.
My dearest,
Gabriel Novak looked over from where he had collapsed at his sister’s grave. They were dead. He gave a piteous meow and closed his eyes for the last time.
Dean finally made it out of the passageway, and, seeing no other option, began to walk. He had no idea where he was, but he hoped he would find somebody. He approached the only door in the hallway and pushed it open. The only thing in the room was an ancient telephone, and a beautiful ornate mirror. He took a quick glance in the mirror to make sure he didn’t have any cobwebs on him from the passageway and was startled when a crow cawed from outside the window.
Gabe’s eyes filled with tears “It’s Anna!” he could finally join his family! He looked down at Sammy. The young boy had reminded him so much of Anna, and he would never forget him. He leaned in and whispered in his ear, “I shall always be with you,” he gave him a kiss on the cheek and went to his sister.
Jack floated over to him, and took him by the arm, “Come on, Dr. Winchester, you need this more than I do,” he said, floating the two of them over to the Lazarus. He pushed Dean inside, and shut the door behind him. His father had never been able to bring a ghost back to life, and he had died trying. Jack knew that this would work. It had to work. Otherwise, what would Claire do? How could she keep going without her father?
“He didn’t kill himself…” Gabriel said, sadly, with his small hand pressed against his mouth.
“Could you please just talk to us?”
Jack groaned, slapping his hand to his forehead, “Oh, man,” he rushed over to the sink in the adjacent bathroom, “First impressions are so important and I managed to make her faint. I am such a jerk!” the little ghost pried the creaky faucet, knocking on the pipes until the rusty water finally cleared up. He grabbed the cleanest towel he could find and soaked it for a few seconds. He quickly floated back over to his new roommate and wrung out the towel over her face.
Claire stared at him, “A ball? That’s your treasure?”
The witches cackled at the prophecy. Charles shook his head and motioned to the constable. They wouldn’t tell him where his son was. The barrels the witches had been standing on were kicked away, leaving them dangling.
“No!” Gabriel shouted, jumping down from the loft, he was running out of time to save her.
“No, not exactly.”
“Why would something seek to destroy me?” Dean was getting really tired of all of this, “I’m just here to sell the house, okay?”
“It’s the old Salem crypt. It connects to the sewer and onto the street.”
Lucifer led Cas back into the magnificent dining room, which apparently, used to double as a ballroom, “This house has waited so long to have it’s shroud of darkness lifted. And tonight, for the first time in so many years, I believe it will be possible. The story will finally end. Castiel, do you believe that love is about second chances? About forgiveness?”
Dean angrily got off his bed and glared down at his brother, “Mom and dad told you to stay out of my room!”
Ben looked up at the hideous old house. It looked even more terrifying at night, and he really wished he had listened to Jesse’s suggestion that they wait until early morning. He took a deep breath, “Okay… one picture, and we’re history.”
“Could you please not ask me any questions,” Claire asked with an annoyed side-eye. The interviewer ignored the reasonable request and continued to badger the young girl with question after question, which she steadfastly ignored.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Mr. Morgenstern wishes to discuss things over dinner.”
“No, it isn’t. Days: conceivable. Weeks: maybe. Months: no. Years: forget it!”
It was beautiful, of course, in that way old mansions always are. The foyer was a large, open space with large windows and an elegant staircase leading to the darkness of the upstairs. It was beautiful, but as Jesse and Ben looked around, they felt nothing but fear.
They could only watch, helpless as Abaddon pulled out the vial that held the potion, “All right, you little bastard!” Sam screamed and covered his mouth.
“But you must be!”
“Your party started without you,” Jack said from behind Claire, trying his hardest not to let his heartbreak show on his face. Jack had made his choice, and he wouldn’t change it, no matter how much he was hurting, “Your friend’s probably waiting.”
“…He did.”
“Get him you fools!” Abaddon demanded.
“Abi, for you,” he said, handing her a Clark bar.
“Thick as steel.”
Abaddon searched for the potion, and saw that Dean had caught it and was threatening to drop it, “Give me that vial!” she demanded.
“The master usually does not take visitors, however, from your photograph, he thought you to have a trustworthy face…But your husband, he feels differently.”
Once he was released, Sam picked up his forgotten back of candy and ran up to Abaddon, “You leave my brother alone!” he shouted before swinging the bag and hitting her with the force of dozens of pieces of candy. She went down. Sam swung around and hit Meg across the back while Dean fell to the floor.
Just”
“And what he sees in you, I’ll never know,” Roman sneered, “But that is of little importance now. The only thing that matters is that the master’s pain must end. And it will end, tonight. The curse will be broken, and we can all, finally, move on.”
The demon sisters were back.
Cas placed a gentle hand on his back, “He’s gone, Sammy.”
“Why, it’s a road!” Abaddon proclaimed stepping onto the road, “Now, my book!” the witches set off down the road, but didn’t get very far. A strange beast was coming towards them. A monstrous roar and flashing lights speeding down the street. The sisters gave a panicked scream and ran away from the fire truck.
For a few moments, they thought the spell had failed.
“Come to mama!” they heard that same voice call out victoriously before the vault door swung open, revealing that same ghost, clutching a padlocked treasure chest in her translucent arms.
Her husband, Garth, on the other hand, didn’t seem impressed, “There aren’t enough plugs.”
“Okay,” Jack eagerly agreed with a wide smile. They went back to looking at the water.
“With pleasure,” Ruby said as she and Meg went to do just that.
“What happened?” Dean asked, trying to catch his breath. Sam fixed him with a bitchface.
The three ghosts stood above him, each one armed with a sword. In unison, the trio said, “All for one, and one for all.”
“I’ve been there, thank you. I found it quite lovely,” she said with a laugh, before swooping in and knocking Cain’s head off. Sam cried out of the grave and went to help Cain find his head. Abaddon saw. Before anyone could stop her, she flew at the boy and picked him up.
“Piss off,” she bit back.
“Dad, please,” Claire pulled back and her blue eyes met green, “Do not think I am as crazy as I thought you were.”
“It doesn’t matter how young or old you are!” he screamed at her, “You sold your soul! You’re the ugliest thing that’s ever lived! And you know it!” Abaddon snarled at him.
The witches gave a little cheer and boarded the bus.
“Dean! The book is gone!”
“Tears of joy,” he promised. Lucifer nodded, and waited for Michael. When he reached them, he held out his hand.
Pamala ignored him and closed her eyes, “Dark spirits from the grave, come forth! Rip us from the black and show us! Show us the way back!”
A hand popped out of the machine. A pink hand, with five fingers. It was followed by another, equally pink hand with the same number of fingers. Dean was alive. The machine had worked.
“Dad!” he jumped at the voice of his daughter. He turned around to see both of his children standing at the top of the stairs with a very tall man and a very short man.
“I’m free!” Dean exclaimed as he floated up in the air, “I’ve never felt so good in my life! I can fly!”
“In time he will, Sir. I assure you, he will,” Roman said, kindly.
“Jack, listen. I know you wanna go,” she said, giving up and making her way back to the vanity.
“I left him in the library, right through there.”
“No problem,” he grabbed the spatula waiting off to the side, and quickly scrambled the egg, before flipping some pancakes he had already been working on before Claire had walked in. He grabbed a crystal glass, and poured her a glass of orange juice.
Dean and Claire shared a look. Those people were weird, but they were paying a very nice sum of money for this. They could put up with a bit of weirdness. The duo shrugged and went to grab a few of their bags before finally making their way inside the manor.
Claire looked at a rack filled with three empty bottles, and one that was half empty. It was filled with a bright red liquid that she couldn’t place, “What is this?”
Cas followed happily, “Dean, he’s right. Let’s go.”
Sure enough, the newest priest came out of the manor, covered in a strange liquid with his head on backwards. Despite this, he was upright, and walking as if nothing was wrong with him.
Abaddon spluttered, angrily, and scrambled for the door handle.
Jack and Claire followed the ghost ball up to what must’ve been the attic. They walked past trunks, boxes, and a mannequin wearing a beautiful white suit with silver embroidery. There was also a painting.
“Let me out of here!” Gabe shouted from the bag they had set to hang in front of the fireplace. It was getting hotter and hotter in the bag, and he just knew they were going to cook him alive as they killed Sammy.
The room hidden behind the door was painted a very nice, though faded, shade of blue. It had large windows on three sides, though they were so covered in dust, there was no way Claire would be able to see what they overlooked. The room was filled with wooden boxes, and what wasn’t boxed was covered in dusty white sheets. She used one of the sheets to clean off a window, just enough to let in some light.
Claire looked over the levers, “Oh, man…how am I gonna do this? I couldn’t even get my Easy Bake oven to work…” she sighed before taking a chance and pulling a lever. As the evil armchair that had taken her down to the lab in the first place went back into the tunnel, she guessed that that had probably been the wrong one.
He grabbed the paper and both adults tried to blow out the flames, but it was too late. They had waited too long and it was in ashes now.
The tassel was obviously the switch, and Claire held tightly to the chair as it quickly started to move backwards. It stopped at the top of the spiral staircase, and turned around as the stairs collapsed in on themselves, until they became a slide, “Jack!” she screamed in terror as the chair flew down the stairs and the floor opened up beneath them, sending her into an underground tunnel.
Dean scoffed, “Don’t think that just because you pulled out a sword, I’m gonna let you marry my husband.”
Give him fur, black as black,
Ruby stood up from her seat on the bus, “Stop!” she screamed, making the bus screech to a halt. She walked over to Abaddon, “I smell…children,” she whispered.
“To love someone so much, and to lose him so suddenly. I can’t imagine how awful that must be.”
Abaddon threw open a window, “Book!” she yelled, echoing through the town, “Come home, or make thyself known!” she sobbed.
“Well, now he’s broke, dead, and cursed. Nice move,” Dean said, cynically. He didn’t want to feel any sympathy for a man who wanted to take the love of his life away. They had gotten out of the carriage a few minutes ago and the three of them were trying to find the crypt while Sam and Gabriel waited for them with the carriage, “Watch your step…where are we? Where is this crypt anyway?”
“No.”
“Gabriel Novak, what took thee so long?” she asked him.
Without another word, Roman turned and walked out of the attic.
They had been trick or treating for nearly an hour and a half and Dean was tired. He had tried to enjoy himself, and even trick or treated for a good forty minutes, but this was getting old.
“How long is this gonna take?” Claire asked, not happy.
“True…but that can be easily corrected. Life, I’m afraid, is such a delicate state.”
Castiel’s smile faded, “Dean, I know you’ve been searching for me. But there’s something you have to understand. You and Claire loved me so well when I was alive…that I had no unfinished business. Please don’t let me be yours.”
“Oh, Michael. I have waited so long to see you again.”
“What?” he asked, distractedly.
“No more than twenty minutes,” he promised, “Twenty minutes tops. You should be excited, you finally get to see daddy and papa in real estate action!”
“Of course not, Sir,” Gabriel agreed.
Roman’s eyes narrowed, “Very well…I suppose we will just have to place other settings,” he said, before turning around and heading back down the hallway. Cas held Claire and Jack’s hands as they followed. Something about this man made him very uncomfortable.
Lucifer’s smile dropped, and he said in a low whisper, “Don’t you remember?”
Claire raised a brow, “A pulse?”
“Mm-hmm,” Jack smiled. He knew she had probably not heard him, but he knew that if he had a heart it would be beating like crazy. He leaned down, and placed a painfully gentle kiss on her cheek. Claire shivered, “Jack, could you close the window, it’s cold.” Jack’s face fell at the reminder that, no matter what he did, or how hard he wished, he would never be warm to her. Not like her Papa. Not even like Alex. He sighed, and floated to the foot of the bed, far from her bare skin. He curled up, and went to sleep, visions of dancing and thoughts of warmth keeping him company throughout the night.
Dean’s jaw dropped, “The butler did it! You’ve got to be kidding me.”
Before Claire could ask another question, a bell gave a small ‘ding’ as Jack’s reminder it was time to cook breakfast. He floated over to the stove, lighting a burner and donning a chef’s hat. He figured that this could be a good way to show off to Claire. Maybe make her a bit less scared of him. The less afraid she was, the more likely it was she might want to be his friend. He skillfully cracked an egg onto the frying pan.
“Look, all your life you’re going to be facing spiders.”
“At least you would’ve died like a man.”
“Looking for this?” Ruby asked, giving Sam a little shake.
Dean chuckled, “Why don’t you give me a boost, and I’ll go in around back and surprise them.”
“Remember what?”
Crowley and Abaddon practically crawled their way out of the tunnel. Abaddon’s red hair was falling out of its bun, and Crowley’s black suit was shredded, and covered in toothpaste and shaving cream. His hair was slicked back in an old-fashioned style, and a loose bowtie was around his neck. They had obviously not faired the machine very well, but they reached the end just in time to hear Jack say:
Her dad was there, standing at the top of the other staircase. He was using a toilet plunger to fence with a ghost armed with a cane, and if Claire was being honest, he was doing a pretty good job.
“What is it?”
“The Lazarus,” Jack cut her off. The two looked at each other for a minute before Jack grabbed her hand, and pulled her to her feet. He quickly floated through the wall, with her running after him. At least, she tried to run after him, but was pulled face first into the wall. The shock caused her to fall to the floor and Jack came back through the wall, and looked down at her apologetically, “Whoops. Sorry. I guess we’ll just have to take the long way,” He pulled her to her feet again, as she picked up the long skirt of her dress, so she wouldn’t trip over it, “Hurry up, come on!” he shouted back at her as they ran out of the attic, “My dad hid it, so that no one would find it, but I remember where it is! Awe, wait ‘til you see it!” they were both so excited, and Jack was in such a rush that neither noticed Crowley and Abaddon sneaking their way down the hall. They heard what the little ghost said, and automatically assumed it was the treasure they had been so desperately looking for. They shared a look and immediately took off after the other two.
Jesse got ready to take the picture before he realized, “I’ve gotta be in the picture too, or else no one is gonna believe I was here.”
“You try, you fail, you try, you fail. But the only true failure is when you stop trying.”
Jack nodded, “I completely understand. I will always respect your ‘no’s from now on. I promise.”
The two boys cautiously slipped under the wrought iron fence that guarded the mansion behind it.
Jack sighed, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to drop you. I didn’t mean to scare you, either. I just wanted to show you things the way I see them, but I shouldn’t have done it how I did. I really am sorry.”
“Sammy!” he got down on his knees, bringing himself eyelevel to his little brother, “Just do this one thing for me and I promise I’ll do anything you say. Please.”
He had been saying that for two years, ever since Papa had died. It had fueled him through ten different moves, the loss of his credibility, the mockery and scorn, and the constant insults. It was all worth it to him, because in his mind, every ghost he could help, was one step closer to finding his husband. His angel.
“Mom said you have to!”
He stopped at a headstone. It had a skull and crossbones carved into it, and the stone only read, ‘Here lies Cain Adamson; A Damned Soul’
“What, like the Demon sisters?” Dean scoffed, “No way!”
“Yeah, poor Gabe,” he agreed, “We owe him a lot. Do you think we could find some way to help him?”
“Listen, I’m on my way home to get ready for dinner. I’m really looking forward to tonight.”
“What’s to forgive? You loved him,” Dean said. After nearly losing Castiel, he could finally understand why Lucifer had done what he did.
Into a land of enchantment.
“You are him, you are Michael! You must be!” Lucifer said as he appeared before him on the stairs. Cas ignored him and continued to run, with Lucifer showing up before him every few steps, “Can you not sense it? Search your heart, I am your one true love! And now we can finally be together! Don’t you understand? Michael, you must listen to me,” he begged.
Screams were coming from that trunk. Terrifyingly young screams crying out for dad and papa. Castiel was frightened, his children were in that trunk. He wanted to run up and get them out, but the tiny man who had helped him get ready grabbed ahold of his arm.
Immediately, the flame was black. Wind tore through the cottage. Sam squealed and covered his eyes while Cas forced the child to stand behind him, keeping a firm hand on his shoulder.
Sam rolled his eyes, “Besides him,” he clarified, yelping a bit when Gabriel slapped his translucent arm.
“Remember what? Mr. Morgenstern, you’re scaring me.”
Crowley, her (sort of) friend, glared at her, “I believe what the bereaved meant to express was that the sudden death of her last living relative has left a great gaping void in her bank, and her life, and Abaddon wonders what he has left her to fill it up with.”
Abaddon turned to her captive while Meg and Ruby forced fed Al and Crowley candy. They needed to be fattened up. “Soon the lives of all your little friends will be mine, and I shall be young and beautiful forever.”
“Ow!”
“I am? I’m right?”
“I don’t know. Try one.”
“He has a little woman,” Abaddon whispered.
“You hag! There are not enough children in the world to make thee young and beautiful!” he furiously declared.
He ran until he couldn’t run anymore, and finally allowed himself to rest at the base of a staircase.
The ghosts gathered to look over his shoulder, curious about what had finally made him stop. The picture was of a man, with messy black hair, and the softest blue eyes. He had tan skin and was a bit scruffy, but not in an unkempt way. He had that look to him that implied that he was a little eccentric. Sam figured it was the eyes. They didn’t seem to be noticing anything, but they were still focused. Gabriel thought it was the smile. A small little thing, obviously not a common occurrence. Lucifer knew it was the combination.
He couldn’t see Sam’s face beneath his werewolf mask, but he could hear the tears in his voice when he said, “I wanna go home! Now!” he ran off.
“I’ve wanted to do that for three hundred years. Ever since they took Anna,” he sighed, mournfully. Dean looked at him.
Claire backed up, trying to catch her breath, “Oh, okay, um come on in,” she backed into the foyer, leaving the door open, even though no one was quite brave enough to step inside yet, “This is the room, stay together and you’ll be safe, and I’ll be right back!” she ran back the way she came and the teacher and students hesitantly made their way into the haunted house.
The ghosts in question were floating in a seated position above the small couch that had come with the room. they were each wearing glasses and holding a pad and pencil. Sam started to speak in a German accent, “Vell, vell, ze patient has finally arrived.”
“Well, we have company,” Jack explained with the air of a perfect host.
Meg opened the broom closet. There was an old broom, a mop, and a vacuum.
Jack plopped two plates with a stack of pancakes, one with a side of scrambled eggs, in front of the family, “Can I get you anything else?”
Abaddon smiled at the attractive man in the driver’s seat, “Tell me friend, what is this contraption?” she asked.
Cas had given up on waiting for Dean to come back, and just decided to go find him. He was walking down the hall to check on the kids when he saw someone come out of one of the bedrooms. It was a very short man wearing an apron, and holding a stack of towels, “Oh, hello,” Cas greeted, politely, “Have you seen my husband?” the man stared at him with wide eyes, before turning around and scurrying off down the hall, “Excuse me,” Cas tried to stop him. When the man didn’t stop, Cas hurried after him, “Wait!”
“Haven’t you?” Cas and Dean couldn’t help their yelps of shock at the sudden voice. Standing at a nearby window was a ruggedly attractive man, only a few years older than them. The stranger continued, “My grandfather spared no expense when he built this mansion.”
“Over here!” Jack beckoned, motioning to a dusty red velvet chair, “Go on, sit down,” she did as he asked, honestly just glad to be able to sit after all that running, “I would hold on.”
Before they could say anything, Dean’s phone rang, “Hello, Dean Winchester of Winchester Realties. Crowley, how’re you doing? What’s up? Really, the Singer property? Tomorrow? I’m kinda out of town right now…but maybe I could come home early…” he looked over at Cas, who didn’t look happy at the suggestion,
“No, not door,” she sounded amused at his frustration.
“That’s sweet,” Cas said with a soft smile.
“Sucking the lives out of little children!” Abaddon’s hands leaving the door to go to Meg’s neck was all the townsfolk needed to get into the cottage.
“Now I remember! I was here! The book was here! Ruby, you were there. Meg! You were in the back, dancing idiotically…and the book…I remember just like it was yesterday…oil of boil…and a dead man’s nose.”
“In outer space?” Henry suggested, with a sneer. Claire could tell he already hated her, though she had no idea why. As the rest of the class chuckled at the oh so witty remark, no one noticed as an invisible source snuck around under the desks, stealthily tying their shoelaces together.
“Lip of an owl with an herb that’s red. Then, three times, pluck a hair from thine head. Add a dash of pox, and a dead man’s toe,” she looked happily at her younger sisters, “Oh, a dead man’s toe! And make it a fresh one!”
Claire was finally able to relax when he set her down on top of a lighthouse, the same one she was able to see from her balcony. It was interesting to see the house from here, and she had to admit, the view of the ocean was beautiful. But as she and Jack sat next to each other, she didn’t say a word.
“Well, I don’t know what we’ll need!”
Claire rolled her eyes, “No. Hunters Manor,” the laughter finally stopped and each student stared up at her in disbelief, “You’ve heard of it,” she should have known.
Abaddon glared down at her, “Make us.”
Dean threw his hands in the air, “What am I supposed to do? Control the weather?”
“Oh, Cas,” Sam said, teasingly.
Lucifer saw no choice but to believe him and went to get ready for his wedding.
Roman led Dean and Cas down the hall to yet another gorgeous bedroom, “I hope you will find this to your liking.”
Dean ignored him and went stomping up the stairs to his bedroom, “I can’t believe you made me move here!”
“Okay, settle down,” Mr. Lafitte said, “Put a lid on it!” he waited until the class quieted, before continuing, “Now, I have a few announcements to make before we get started. First, the asbestos removal from the gym is taking longer than planned. Unfortunately, we have to push the Halloween dance back by a couple of months.”
“You don’t remember what school you went to; how old you were? Your favorite song?” He just shook his head, sadly, to each question, “What about your dad?” Claire’s father was the most important person to her. She couldn’t imagine not being able to remember him. It was as unthinkable as forgetting the memories of her Papa.
Dean sighed, knowing he was beat, “Fine. I’m not thrilled about it, but there’s no reason to say no. I’ll take care of Sam, Gabriel, and Lucifer, okay?”
Abaddon scoffed at them, “Unfinished business? I have no unfinished business. I have my treasure, my mansion. I have everything! I’m. Just. Perfect,” she laughed, but was caught off by the beam of light that broke through her chest. She gasped, realizing what was happening, “Wait! Wait! I lied!” another beam of light, “I have unfinished business, lots of unfinished business! I-I’m not ready to cross over yet!” her lies weren’t working. She had already doomed herself, and as more and more beams of light broke through her body, she realized that she was truly hopeless, “Wait! You tricked me, you rotten little brats!” with a final scream, the light took over the last of her, before exploding into a waterfall of sparks, and light, as both the vial and treasure chest she had been holding went flying into the air.
“We’ll just have some soup and then we’ll get going. Okay?”
Trim him of his baby fat.
“Witches! Daughters of darkness! Open this door!” A voice called from outside the cottage. They could see the ominous glow of torches threw their windows.
Abaddon’s red painted lips tightened into a furious scowl, “Don’t you get it?” she snatched the paperwork out of his hand, “Flipper got more money than me!” she shrieked before tossing the deed into the lit fireplace.
“Not bad for my first party,” Claire said with a chuckle.
“Because he is not our master!” Abaddon realized.
He quickly got out of the car and ran to find his family, leaving Pamela stuck in the front seat, “Okay…I’ll just sit here, I guess.”
Claire was shocked when, instead of making contact with a hard wooden door, she kept going. She fell, landing on what felt like just a pillow of very cold air. She looked down, seeing that same ghost that had been in her bedroom.
Claire, who was obviously fed up, turned on the camera, “Look, it’s the first day of school, I’m sure I’m gonna have homework, so would you please just leave?”
“I am Pamala,” the voice said, and Dean’s eyes widened as a woman’s face turned around in the crystal ball, “Seer of all, voice of the spirits. Whom do you seek?”
“No, no, it’s just such a lovely night that I thought we’d have fun eating under the full moon.”
The rest of Jack’s body burst through the door, and he frantically shook his head, eyes wide and pleading. He didn’t want to lose his only friend, and the only person who wasn’t scared of him.
They made it right when the sky opened up and ran immediately began to fall in noisy sheets of water.
“Like a, a treasure for example.”
But Dean didn’t listen.
“Sammy,” a familiar voice called. They looked up in shock to see Gabriel Novak. He was short and plump, with long, light hair and whiskey eyes, “Please don’t be sad for me,” he said.
“Away,” Charles said, kicking at the poor creature, “Away, beast.”
“Oh, I think it’s absolutely incredible,” Cas said, honestly. The normally stoic man was unable to keep the awe out of his voice. Mr. Morgenstern looked very pleased that Cas was impressed with the home. He went on, “The Italian influence, the renaissance vibe, the molding, the attention to detail, it’s stunning! You never see houses like this…or at least, I don’t.”
“You know, fellows, we’re never this close anymore.”
Dean was shocked, but also pretty proud of himself. He gave a tired chuckle, and blew on the end of the hose, as if blowing smoke off a gun.
The deal was made.
“We love children!” Ruby said, pounding on the counter top.
“Get away from him,” he hissed out in a furious voice, “I lost him once, I don’t intend to let it happen again.”
“What, do you have termites or something?” Dean asked, seating himself, “A big house like this must have a lot of termites.”
Sam put his hand on Cas’s arm, stopping him from saying anything else, “I get the picture.”
Pamala had been showing the group Castiel and Lucifer. After that, she faded the picture and reappeared, “Hold up,” Dean said, “You’re saying the only reason we were brought here is because he wants my husband?”
“You really miss her, don’t you?” Gabe didn’t answer, “Man, you can’t keep blaming yourself for that! That happened so long ago.”
“Oh, don’t worry. Not that late.”
Dean’s face softened, and he said, “Ah honey—” he cut himself off, looking back down the hall towards the room with the ghost, “Apologize later,” he said before shutting the door, and taking off.
Claire put down the glass, “I’ve never done this before.”
Now, he was about to become some stupid statistic on preventable accidents. He felt himself begin to roll, and frantically grabbed at the closest thing available. The fitted rug for the staircase.
“I’m not Michael!” Cas cried, adamantly as he ran down the hall to his bedroom, and hopefully, his husband.
Cas glared at her and picked up a stick, “Hey, take a hike!” he said, hitting her with the stick.
Their laughter turned to screams as the light touched their skin. The witches fell to the floor in agony.
There was a massive cemetery. It spanned far out towards the forest, with elegant tombstones as far as he could see.
“Yes, Abi! Coming Abi, right away! Sorry!” the one in red squeaked out, elbowing past the blond.
Claire was getting creeped out, “You’re kinda hurting my face.”
“It would’ve been lovelier still, if he had ever had the chance to wear it. Now, it serves only as a dark reminder of what could’ve been,” he gave the suit a sad caress.
Dean was getting a bit annoyed, “He’s my husband, Castiel. He’s…deceased.”
Jesse cringed at the phrasing, “That’s what I’m afraid of.”
“My treasure!” Jack exclaimed, thrilled to see it again after so long.
“Goodbye cruel world.”
Mr. Morgenstern gave a soft smile, “Great care and love went into the building of this mansion. This house is my inheritance, my birthright, but lately it’s become too much to bare,” he explained, before finally turning to Dean, “Tell me, Mr. Winchester… do you believe in ghosts?” he asked.
“…Can you hurt me?”
Cas watched the innocent children with despair, before he remembered what Abaddon had said. He grabbed Dean’s shoulders, and turned him to face him, “Dean! I’ve figured it out!”
“Uh huh!” Jack replied, preparing himself for his father’s disappointment.
Neither Abaddon or Crowley had much faith in the young priest standing in front of them, but they motioned him onwards, regardless. This was the third priest they’ve had over and not a single one had been able to exorcise the ghosts, or demons, or whatever other beasts were inhabiting the manor.
“Just someone calling about selling a house,” Cas explained.
“Salt!” Abaddon hissed, “What a clever little white witch,” she walked towards him. Cas held the salt out threateningly. She snickered, “But it will not be enough to save thy friends. Come sisters, the candles magic is almost spent! Dawn approaches!” the witches walked up the stairs, while Sam screamed for Dean. Cas knew he wouldn’t be able to help anyone if he left the circle.
“We’re gonna take off, we’re gonna go to the lake. Just like last year, just us and the kids. The whole weekend, how’s that sound?”
“Hm-mmm,” he murmured, still shaking his head.
“Anna,” Gabriel whispered, unable to stop himself. The witches heard him.
Claire couldn’t take it anymore, and jumped to her feet, “You guys are disgusting, obnoxious creeps!”
“Where it happened!” Castiel’s eyes widened as ghostly figures began to dance around the room. He let out a small scream when Mr. Morgenstern grabbed his hands and looked him in the eyes, “Where we spent our last moments together, where we danced together for the last time before you…before you killed yourself! Now you’ve returned to me, and at long last, we can be together! Why do you not remember!? You’re my world, my life! And I have loved you in death as I did in life!”
The followed the woman’s voice. She was in a room with half-finished sculptures. They jumped in the room, ready to attack, but all they found was a tape recorder. The door slammed shut behind them.
“I wonder where this leads?” he said, taking a few steps into the passage. His eyes widened when he heard the bookcase rolling closed behind him. He quickly turned around but didn’t make it in time. He was trapped.
Sam looked at Dean, “That was fast.”
“You should have punched them,” Sam said, leading the way to the next house.
“It’s conceivable.”
Claire furrowed her eyebrows, debating on whether or not she should comment on that, “…You’re not gonna find him,” she felt guilty as the laughter faded from his eyes, “Papa’s not a ghost, Dad.”
“Not unless you have an apple pie stashed somewhere in here,” Dean answered, grabbing his utensils and going straight for the food, while Claire sipped her orange juice and rolled her eyes at his only addiction.
“Boring,” Cas said, honestly, “It’s just my parent’s friends, they do this every year. I’ve got candy duty,” he said, motioning at the bowl, “By the way, Sammy, I love your costume.”
“Did I not tell him to come alone? Is it really too much to ask for a little cooperation? A little order?”
The father could feel his heart stop. Not his babies! He wanted to believe it was an empty threat, but he hadn’t seen his family in hours, and he didn’t trust anybody in this place, “You wouldn’t,” he said, quietly.
“The children…are coming!” Meg announced happily when she got back to the cottage.
“Well…” Gabriel said, while Sam closed his eyes. He knew what Gabriel was about to suggest, “There’s always…my way.”
“The both of us.”
Dean flinched when something caught his eye. Partially fallen through the ceiling was a dusty, old skeleton, “Don’t look up, Sammy,” he warned.
Ruby whimpered, and turned to her older sister, “Hold me?”
“It’s that easy, huh?” Dean asked, in disbelief. He honestly didn’t trust these spooks, but a chance was a chance, and he wanted to see Castiel more than he wanted anything.
“Who is that?” Claire asked.
“Jack, open the door, or I’ll kill you!” Claire shouted. Dean gave her a soft swat on the head.
“What are you doing here? You’re not supposed to be up here! You have to leave!” the children turned around to see a man, a very tall man with long hair, who looked a little younger than their fathers.
“But who lit the black flame candle?” Abaddon said, walking over to it. She didn’t dwell on it too long when she saw her old friend. She gasped and walked over to the display that held her book, “Wake up,” she said, tapping the glass with a long fingernail, “Wake up sleepyhead, I missed you. Did you miss me, too?” she asked with a pout, “Come on, now. We’ve got work to do.”
“Yes, Abi,” the blond responded in her croaky voice, going to move back in.
“Getting ready for his wedding,” Roman said, smugly.
Dean scoffed out a laugh, “Look, I tried to get in there and I can’t! I tried, I failed!”
“Yes,” Dean drunkenly argued back.
Dean got out of the car, “It’s not so bad, huh?”
Dean charged forward. What else could he do? His family was on the other side of that hallway. He managed to dodge the first two suits but was almost taken out by an axe. He grabbed ahold of it, pulled it from the armor’s hands, and started swinging. It got the job done. He managed to get past the armor and slammed his axe into the lock holding the trunk shut. As the door swung open, his kids jumped out and he pulled them into a tight hug.
They realized they had insulted the wrong women when they found themselves in the old Demoniac house, hanging from the ceiling in cages. The sisters were panicking below them.
“Home,” Gabe sighed wistfully. He and Dean followed Sam and Cas back to their house.
He ran out the door, but didn’t see Cas or Sammy.
Before either ghost could answer, they heard a voice from above. A distinctly living voice, “Hello?”
It all stopped.
“Isn’t that romantic,” Claire said, wistfully, “He was willing to throw everything away for love.”
She hadn’t seen Alex, but she had honestly known she wouldn’t. Alex had told her what Henry planned, and that she didn’t know how to say no to him. Claire didn’t really mind so much. She still liked her and appreciated the honesty. Claire had assured her that she still wanted to be friends and would wait until she was more independent from Henry.
He kept tossing the ball higher and higher, catching it every time, until he suddenly didn’t.
The tallest ghost rolled his eyes, and showed a pretty impressive ‘bitch face’ despite not really having any discernable features, “Well, well, well. It looks like we’re gonna go into sudden death overtime.”
“His name is Castiel, he’s from Illinois. Roman wants you to think he’s Michael so this curse will be lifted,” Dean was getting really tired of this. He was more than ready to go.
“Alone?”
Three cackles filled the air. The three boys jumped up, Dean forced Cas behind him, and held Sammy close in his arms. They looked up, the witches were flying above their heads on broomsticks, their cloaks billowing behind them.
“My broom!”
“And leave out all the dead people!?” Claire couldn’t believe it.
“Tis ready for tasting! One drop of this, and her life will be mine—I mean…ours,” she grabbed the wooden spoon and scooped up some of the potion. The three hags walked over to the young red-head, “All right, girl…open up your mouth.” Meg tipped Anna’s head back, and the potion went down her throat.
Sam and Dean were following Cas to the Demoniac museum. He had changed back into his trench coat, but was wearing jeans and a comfy looking hoody underneath, “Legend has it that the bones of a hundred children are in these walls,” he said in his gravelly voice.
“What is this place?” Meg asked, a little frightened of the prison-like structure.
“Very,” Lucifer agreed, before shouting, “Pull!” Sam threw the diploma in the air and Lucifer took his shot. His ghostly bullet made contact, shattering the glass.
“Yes,” Roman muttered, in an unimpressed voice, “Sounds wonderful,” he pulled a set of curtains aside to lead the way into the library, “Would you care for a drink, Sir? While you’re waiting?” he offered.
“What about our family adventure?” Claire asked.
Cas’s jaw dropped. Everyone here was insane, “You don’t actually think I’m going through with this madness, do you?!”
Dean followed her voice, trying to see over the two boxes he was carrying, marked, ‘Claire’s bedroom.’ “This place is very scary,” he said in a spooky voice, while Claire rolled her eyes and tried to hide her smile, “Have you had any surprises yet?”
Claire just glared at him, “They were talking about you. Imagine having to explain after-life therapy to a bunch of junior high kids.”
“Of course not, my dear…but that is entirely up to you. If not, I really do fear for the children.” Without another word, Roman left the room. Castiel plopped down onto the bed. It could just be a bluff, but could he risk it? No, he couldn’t risk it. he loved his children more than life itself. He really had no other choice.
He never made it.
“Of course,” Dean said, trailing after the butler.
“No wonder I miss you so much.”
“Are you okay?” it asked, worried about her fall.
“Angels in heaven together at last, the tale is well ended for those who are past. Love endures all, no reason, no rhyme. It lasts forever, and forever all time.”
“This house; it’s been in your family for generations…it’s your home. Why do you want to sell it?”
Dean spun around to look at her, “Hey, who’s the girl?”
He sighed, “What do you want me to do, huh?”
He grabbed the microphone from the singer and said, “People of Salem! Your kids are in danger! Three hundred years ago, the Demon sisters bewitched people! Now they’re back! They’re right over there.”
“What about the three soccer games, two birthday parties, and barbeque you missed?” Dean’s eyes widened.
“Yeah, last week,” he confirmed.
He didn’t hesitate, “I promise.”
Claire had stopped at the edge of a small pool of water, covered in a thin cloud of mist. She hadn’t put much thought into it other than ‘don’t fall in,’ “That’s useful,” she said.
“I don’t like the way you said that,” Sam said nervously as the witches gathered over their heads.
Cas ran up the staircase, desperate to find refuge with his husband.
Dean put his arms around Sammy and held him close. Gabe had been reunited with his family, Cain was able to rest, and the town’s adults were finally able to stumble home, exhausted, but alive. The wandering children made it back home.
“I can’t see a thing,” Sammy said when his lungs had finally calmed down.
‘This would be so much easier if I had a car,’ he thought to himself. He was sixteen, and had his license, but he didn’t get a car until he was in college. He went back to the task at hand when he saw a figure in a long trench coat, “Cas!” he called, pulling to a stop beside the other boy, “Hey look, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to embarrass you in class,” he said, apologetically.
Mr. Morgenstern’s eyes filled with sorrow, “These walls are filled with so many memories…some of them painful,” he could see that Castiel didn’t really understand, and so he walked over and offered him his arm, “I think for you to understand, I really must show you,” Cas was hesitant to accept, and it was easy to see. Mr. Morgenstern was quick to reassure him, “It’s all right. There’s nothing to be afraid of.”
Dean gathered his son into his arms and carried him a few feet away from the mausoleum. He and Claire brushed the spiders off of the young boys whimpering body, “Are you okay?” Jack was crying, but he nodded. Dean pulled him into a tight hug, “You’re my brave little man.”
He jumped to his feet, holding the hose in front of him in defense, “Get back!” he demanded.
“Why should I?”
“Sisters,” Abaddon snapped, “All Hallows Eve has become a night of fun!” she hissed, “Children wear costumes and run amuck!”
Claire couldn’t deny that Maine was beautiful. She actually let herself be excited. He had promised they wouldn’t move again, and she didn’t think this would be the worst place. It was better than Kansas, that was for sure. And Friendship even had a beach! No, it was definitely beautiful, and as they drove up to the decrepit manor they would be living in, it was also too good to be true. Maine was beautiful, this mansion was awful.
“Miss. Demoniac?” Claire asked, shocked.
“Tell me dumpling,” Abaddon said, linking arms with the boy, “What is the year?”
“What zombies!?”
Cain shook his head out and looked at the boys. They all shared a shocked look before Sam, Dean, Cas and even Gabriel screamed and ran.
There! Off to the side of the foyer was an open door, leading to what was obviously a bathroom. He booked it over, and shut the door behind him. Just as he slammed the lock shut, the three swords ripped through the wood, narrowly missing his head.
“Chocolates, like they have in a hotel?” Dean laughed. Cas rolled his eyes, and thanked Roman, who left. He glared at his husband, “What’s the problem?” Dean asked.
“Okay,” he nodded, “Granted that you guys here in Salem are all into black cats, and witches, and stuff—”
“Hi Cain,” he greeted, sweetly. They prepared for the witch’s appearance. Cain walked Sam over to his open grave, assuring him he would be safe in there. Dean opened his bag and pulled out the baseball bat he had grabbed back at his house. Cas pulled out the salt and poured a circle around Cain’s grave, sealing Sam in the protective circle.
“I told you it would be a mistake to run away with that boy,” Roman continued as if he hadn’t done anything wrong.
Claire didn’t even notice him as she climbed down off the machine and approached her deceased father, “Dad?”
He made his way into her hotel room where she was arguing on the phone with room service, “What part don’t you understand? No, not ‘I ate fish,’ I HATE fish. Don’t you people have cows here?”
“Maybe you should go now,” Dean suggested.
“Jack, I have plans.”
“Yeah, but I never met her,” Claire answered, “My Papa said she left when I was a few months old. She didn’t die or anything, she just decided she didn’t want a family anymore,” Claire was nothing but ‘matter of fact’ it didn’t hurt her that she wasn’t wanted by a woman she had no memories of. She had found the letter her birth mother had left her Papa shortly after he died. It just said that this wasn’t the life she wanted, and she was leaving to find it. She would sign over all of her parental rights, just so long as Castiel would let her go, and with a heavy heart, he had, “Then Papa met Dad when I was about three. Dad used to love to talk about how he had fallen in love the second a tiny me kicked him in the shin. I dropped a toy, and he had had the audacity to pick it up for me. Papa couldn’t apologize enough, and Dad said he could apologize with a cup of coffee, and a slice of pie. Dad always said he fell in love with Papa over that one cup of coffee. So…I guess you don’t need to remember your family, but I do wish you could remember the people you loved. I do wonder why you can’t remember anything, though…”
My dear, sweet Lucifer, you see only the good in the world around you. You give me the strength to give you the answer you asked for. Yes, my dear heart, I will marry you. I will love you for all eternity. And tonight, at last, we will be together. I do!
“Come on Doc, hang with us,” Sam finally noticed what Dean was doing, “Hey, wait a second. What? You ain’t thinking about packing it in now, are you, Doc?” he pulled on the box Dean was packing, resulting in a small game of tug of war that Dean quickly claimed victory of.
They looked around the museum, and even Dean was impressed. Abaddon’s cauldron hung from a chain attached to the ceiling, the witches’ broomsticks were mounted on the wall. Everything on display in the museum had been found in the cottage. Sam and Dean were so invested in what Cas was telling them about the items, that no one noticed the black cat with whiskey colored eyes peering in from the window.
“Yes. The reservation’s at 7:00, so please don’t be late.”
Claire ignored him, “That would be great!”
She accepted with a curtsey, “Master, I thank thee.”
“Weirdos!?” Meg gasped, affronted.
He thought he was in the clear, when he heard the terrifying sound of the studs keeping the carpet in place begin to pull free from the floor below it.
Al rolled his eyes, “Well then, you think of something!”
Dean whirled around to see three terrifying, red-eyed, sharp-toothed monstrous entities standing mere inches away from his face.
“Well, this is a nice room,” he said. He placed the box he was carrying down on the bed, opening it to help Claire get started unpacking. The first thing he pulled out was a framed picture, of a beautiful man with messy dark hair, and the brightest blue eyes.
“Yes, trunk.”
“The master will be with you shortly,” Roman said.
Dean stopped, “What kind of trouble?”
Salem, Massachusetts 1695
“We’ll be younger in the morning,” Abaddon said, a little irritated.
“Don’t worry… I won’t.”
“Maybe we should just do him a favor, and put him out of his misery,” Lucifer suggested with his ghoulish grin, and Sam smiled.
“Abi,” Ruby whispered in her ear.
“Oh…” she started awkwardly, “Thou wouldst hate me in the morning…”
Next stop, Hunters Manor.
“To the Dyslexic Dalmatians Foundation: $4- “
“Come on, bitch.” Sam picked up his bag of candy and put his mask back on. They looked up at the house Sam had stopped in front of. It was huge! Not a mansion, or anything, but pretty close.
She gave a deafening screech before realizing that she wasn’t drowning. She wasn’t even in water. She hopped up and down a couple of times, testing the stability, “Tis firm!” she announced, “Tis firm as stone!”
“Fraid not!” he said, victoriously.
They ran over to Cas, who was throwing down his frying pan. Dean forced them out the door and quickly thought of a way to buy them some time. He only hoped the witches were stupid. He climbed onto the counter and found himself under one of the emergency sprinklers.
The red haired with looked out the window at the approaching dawn and growled out, “Another glorious morning. Makes me sick! Sisters!” she beckoned, closing the window.
“So, take him to the movies like a normal person,” he begged.
“Dean, get out of the way!” Cas screamed at Dean as they approached. He held a very large stick, and was definitely planning to use it.
It was terrifying. The tunnel was black and covered with cobwebs, a strange wind blew around her, and it smelled like salt water. The tunnel must go far into the cliff the mansion was built on.
“Goodbye,” the red head moaned.
“Dean!” he screamed, terrified.
“Dean…just moved here,” he responded.
Abaddon and Dean fell to the ground as the sun began to peek over the horizon.
Sarah scoffed, “Yeah? Me too,” she rolled her eyes and went upstairs. Nick sighed and grabbed his mini cauldron that had the good candy.
“I will,” Cas said, cautiously opening the book. As soon as the book was opened, a beam of light, invisible to mortal eyes, erupted. Its power went through the roof and shone far into the sky, “Nothing weird so far.”
“Let’s barbecue him, and then fillet him” Ruby said, licking her crimson lips.
“Well said, Castiel,” Missouri said.
The locker three down from Claire slammed shut, revealing the boy from the bike. Hector? Harry? Henry? Claire didn’t know, and she honestly didn’t care.
“He gets the ghosts out of the house,” Abaddon answered, giving Crowley a smug look.
Dean nodded and pulled the large key they had almost died for out of his pocket, “Let’s go back.”
“Uh…hi?” Jack stammered out, nervously.
“Do you see what you did?!” the angry wife asked, furious. She turned back to Dean, “We love the house!” he turned back to her, “We do. We love it.”
“How nice to meet you, Claire,” Abaddon said, grabbing Claire’s face with red-tipped fingers.
And with that, came the wrecking ball. If the ghosts wouldn’t leave, and the house was already condemned, then Abaddon figured she might as well just destroy it. Once the house and the ghosts were gone, it would be a simple enough matter to find the treasure.
“Crowley, you’re taking this way too personally!” Abaddon shouted, as she continued to drive. She drove too fast, and ended up in the small woods behind the house. She couldn’t stop, and she could barely see, so she just continued to drive like a maniac until her car finally ran into a tree, forcing her to a dead stop as the airbag deployed in her face.
The living man in question didn’t really care. He was too busy setting his other things up to really care. He only had the diploma framed because Cas had been so proud, and wanted to keep the certificate on display. Dean couldn’t blame him. He knew he wouldn’t have made it through university if Cas hadn’t been there. His Angel was the only one who believed he was smarter than he was. So no, the diploma didn’t matter to him. He had his certificate, but had lost his credibility, so what did it matter?
No one in the room noticed the peeping toms outside the window. Crowley and Abaddon had spied on every therapy session, desperate for when the ghosts would finally cross over and they could look for the treasure.
“Dad, it’s me. I-it’s Claire.”
“Sammy!” Dean cried, chasing after the witch, Cas and Cain following.
“This is not Michael! Roman, tell him the truth!” Dean yelled.
“Hey, you leave me alone. Get out of here and leave me alone!”
John breathed a sigh of relief, “Good,” he glanced at Cas and pulled Dean away from the crowd “Excuse us,” he said to the other boy, “Whatever it is, just tell me?”
“Boys!” Meg said, hopefully before something caught her eye, “What a pretty spider,” she picked it up and bit off some of the legs.
The apparitions each shared a rather fiendish grin. It was time for their favorite game.
“Wait a minute,” Dean said, drawing their attention, “What are you saying?”
Dean poked around at Mr. Morgenstern’s desk. There were some truly beautiful antiques, as well as a small bust. He picked up a cigar box, and accidentally bumped the bust, knocking the marble head forward.
Each ghost floated over to the umbrella stand resting by the door, and grabbed a new weapon. They floated against the Doctor, prepared to fight.
“Excuse me a second,” he turned to Dean.
“I knew it. I told you they were going to be difficult.”
“I don’t know, but I hope it’s not raining at the lake,” Cas said, glad he thought to wear his trench coat as he took it off and held it above his Claire and Jack’s heads. They were only wearing light jackets, and he didn’t want them to get sick.
Claire had spent the last five hours deep cleaning the room, and unpacking all of the boxes.
“Abaddon said, ‘the candles magic will soon be spent, and dawn approaches.’ The black flame candle only brought them back for this one Halloween night! And unless they can steal the lives of children…when the sun comes up, they’re dust.”
“Get a grave.”
“Cookies?!” the tall man asked incredulously, “Don’t offer them cookies, Gabriel! They’re trespassers! Trespassers don’t get cookies. This is none of their concern.”
“Cain Adamson was the local beekeeper. He and his wife, Colette lived happily in seclusion when he caught Abaddon’s eye. When he refused her advances, she cast a spell on Colette that turned her into a monster. He had no choice but to kill her. When he went to confront her, he saw the sister’s practicing dark magic. Abaddon poisoned him, and sewed his mouth shut with a dull needle so he couldn’t tell her secrets, even in death.”
Cas could have cried, “Dean,” he whispered softly before dropping the goblet and running to his real husband. Dean wrapped his arms around him tightly.
Dean was going to buy those three ghosts a damn fruit basket.
Cas smiled and grabbed two cups of the cider. He handed one to Dean, and kept the other for himself.
Jack looked down at her as the Lazarus began to rise from the pool of water, “Hey, you did it!” he proudly proclaimed as she smiled up at him. The machine Jack had been fighting with moved to join the Lazarus, obviously part of it.
“Okay, I believe you,” Claire smiled, “It was kinda cool to fly above the ocean like that, but when we go back, I don’t want to be upside down, okay?”
What she didn’t know as she prepared to break the door down was that a small ghost had finally made it back to the mansion, and had heard her yells. Jack floated over to the closet she was stuck in as fast as he could, opening the door just as she was throwing herself at it.
It was her father, “Come on,” he said, pulling her towards the stairs. They ran up and were just a few steps away from the entrance, and a frantic Jack when the door slammed shut in front of them. Dean shouted through the door, “Jack open the door!”
They ran out of the school, laughing and cheering. Cas and Sam were dancing around and Dean turned to Gabe, “We did it Gabe. We stopped them.”
Cas raised his brow and shook his head.
Here in my garden of magic.”
As Dean hurried up the stairs to tell the kids, he heard a panicked screaming. He raced up to see his ten-year-old son, Jack, come running out of his bedroom. The young boy ran into his father’s arms, screeching.
Lucifer smiled at the frazzled man, “Let me help you with those,” he knelt to help Castiel fix up the books he had knocked over, “Roman hates when I leave things lying about.”
Forever yours,
Al turned to Crowley as the witches went to leave, “Ah, man…how come it’s the ugly chicks that stay out late?”
While Dean was trying to understand what he was looking at, a chair rushed at him from behind and slammed into his legs, forcing him to sit and trapping him at the table, “Hey, what are you doing? Let me out of here!”
Jack thought for a minute, but said, “No.”
Henry who…just ran screaming down the staircase?
His attention was brought back to the sisters when they started dancing around, “Sister, you are but a mere sprig of a girl,” Ruby said, laughing.
“Okay, okay. Geez, calm down, lady,” the voice muttered, “Here I come!”
“Yeah, I’ve got a few objections!” Dean said with a glare, his children by his side.
Lucifer watched the other two disappear and tried to get away, but the force from the vacuum grabbed onto him. He tried to stay out, but wasn’t able to fight it, “This thing sucks!” was the last thing he said before disappearing from sight.
“Oh, Claire… oh, Nephie what have I done?” he looked down at himself, at the ghostly figure he had become, and he hated himself. This was never supposed to happen. He had just wanted to get the ghosts out of the house so they wouldn’t disturb Claire’s party. Instead, he had ended up dead, and broken his daughter’s heart, “Don’t cry, I— oh, please,” he hated seeing her cry. He couldn’t cope with it. It broke his heart every time. It was why he had picked up her toy for her on that fateful day he had met both of the loves of his life. He had promised himself he would never be the cause of her tears, and now here he was.
It was 8:00 and Dean knew he was in trouble. He had tried, he really did! He had gone to the owners of the house to have them sign the final papers, so the Fitzgerald’s would be the official owners, and they had not stopped talking long enough to sign. And then, when he was trying to leave, he was stopped by another couple looking to buy. He just hoped Cas would understand and forgive him.
“My name is Roman.”
“For not believing you. And for thinking you were a total loser.”
“There’s plenty in Maine,” she declared, grabbing his injured hand and pulling him out of the office.
Okay…there was only one left. Claire tried to pull the lever, but halfway down, it jammed. She tugged and pulled, but nothing worked to get it free. She backed up against the railing, and supported her body against it before kicking at the lever with all her might.
“Dammit Sammy!” Dean screamed at his eight-year-old brother who came barreling out of the closet, laughing.
She looked at him like he was an idiot, “I’ve studied Latin for three years, dad. You thought it was dumb, remember? Said it was a dead language.”
She gasped, shocked and a bit afraid, as she tightened her grip on the strange boy. He just chuckled and said, in a voice that sounded oh so familiar, “I told you I was a good dancer,” her brow furrowed, trying to figure out where he had ever spoken to her before, when he leaned in close and quietly whispered in her ear, “Can I keep you?” Claire froze. She had thought that she had dreamed that. But as she pulled back, and stared deep into the stranger’s eyes, she knew who it was.
He threw the lollipop at Dean’s head.
“Give me a break,” he muttered, going back to his sketching.
Pamela glared at him through her ball, “Look, I don’t make the rules, okay. I just work here.”
“Well, hello Dorothy!” Crowley greeted, “No one goes without paying the toll!” Dean didn’t want to waste time on these jerks again, so he just threw his bag of candy at them and grabbed Sam’s hand, leading him away, ignoring Crowley’s call of, “Hey Dorothy, the shoes fit great!”
“Hi,” Cas muttered with a blush. He sat up and grabbed Dean’s clock, “Oh my God! It’s five o’clock! My parents are gonna kill me,” he stood up and grabbed his shoes, “I should go.”
“You betcha,” Sam giggled. Cas and Dean were watching fondly from the stairs. They had set up some of Dean’s pillows and blankets to make their own little nook where they could watch over them.  Gabe jumped onto the bed and curled up with Sam, “You know, Gabe…I’ll always take care of you. My children will take care of you too, and their children after that. And theirs after that. Forever and ever…” he trailed off, finally falling asleep.
Dean didn’t want him to leave, “Wait…where are you going?”
“Then you must look within,” she said, cryptically.
While Claire was brushing her teeth, Jack was exploring the room. It really was the nicest room he had ever seen. There was a nice vanity with expensive looking bottles of cologne on it, along with a silver hairbrush. He opened one of the cologne bottles and inhaled. He liked it, it almost smelled like his papa. He picked up the hairbrush and dragged it through his brown hair. After setting the brush back down, the inquisitive boy looked around for something else to do.
Meg stood under Al’s cage and span him round and around while he threatened to puke.
Ruby Demoniac whimpered pathetically before turning into a cloud of red dust.
Dean looked up and gave her a tired smile, “Hey, Nephie. How was the first day? Make any friends?”
“We fly!” Ruby shouted, thinking to their stolen brooms and muttered, “On what do we fly?”
“I don’t know…something’s not right. I’d feel a lot safer walking home if we had some salt.” Dean walked him down to the kitchen and opened the spice cupboard.
“Well…you know that tingling feeling when your foot falls asleep?” Claire nodded, not quite sure where he was going with that, “I think I’m made of that,” he didn’t have any other way to explain it, because he genuinely didn’t know. He just knew he remembered the feeling from when he was alive, and that was how he felt all the time.
“I am seeking a way out of here!” Dean shouted, tired and annoyed.
“Michael’s letter. His real letter, the one Roman stole.”
“How did you…never mind,” he turned back to his kids, and motioned them down the stairs, “Daddy’s having a hallucination, let’s go, right now.”
“We got a ghost to ghost network,” Sam said, holding up a ghostly laptop.
He had bought him a stuffed bumblebee on the way home as an apology, and after ringing the bell, held it up to his face. Maybe if he tried to be cute, he would get off easily. When the door opened, he started talking, “Hi Cas, my name’s Bumble. Your husband sent me to tell you he loves you very much, but sometimes he loses track of the time,” with that, he tentatively peeked his head around the bee, and hoped Cas would be smiling. No such luck, he had his normal, stoic expression. At least it wasn’t a glare, “I’m sorry I’m late… Happy anniversary,” he held the bee out like a peace offering.
“How’s the party?” Dean asked awkwardly.
Gabriel Novak jerked himself awake. He shook his head, it was too early. Outside showed the earliest hints of dawn, and the rooster hadn’t crowed…so why was he awake?
John was immediately serious, “Sammy? What’s wrong?”
“Hey! Let go of my little brother,” he ordered, voice hard. Abaddon just gave him a look before firing two streams of lighting through her finger tips. Dean cried out as he was shot back. She played him like a puppet, and the lightning was the strings. She forced him up against the wall, and slowly made him slide up it, inching him towards the ceiling while he cried out in agony over the electricity in his chest.
“I don’t care! I just got to sleep!” he pointed behind her.
Fortunately, something did happen. The vacuum caught onto whatever these things were made of, and started to pull Sam in by the face, “Not the nose!” he screamed as he was dragged through the hose and into the vacuum.
“No, but lately there have been more…disturbances.”
“I’ll risk it.”
Abaddon and Crowley looked on in horror as a small, floating, white figure came down the staircase at inhuman speeds, “Hi! I’m Jack!” it greeted them with a tiny little wave of a transparent hand. The small, shy smile on the oversized round head faded quickly as the two living people in front of him began to scream. Jack cringed and tried to stop them, “You shouldn’t do that! You’ll wake up—” he stopped when the ground under the intruder’s feet began to tremble. The small ghost gave a longsuffering sigh, “Too late,” he let himself fade away, not wanting to be seen.
“Oh yes, I very much do. You see, we wouldn’t want anything to happen to the children now, would we?”
“Abaddon Demoniac,” Charles Novak began, one arm around his wife, Rebecca, the other around his youngest son, and the only child he had left, Samandriel.
Abaddon didn’t care about that, though. “I knew that place was worth something. There’s treasure in that house. And finally, I’m gonna get what I deserve.”
Sam jumped onto Dean’s bed, still laughing, “I scared you, I scared you, ha ha!” he mocked his older brother, “Who’s Cas?” he giggled with a smirk.
“Dr. Winchester, I’m Abaddon Demoniac, owner of Hunters Manor…that’s Crowley.”
“Not exactly…when they found out where I lived, they decided to have the party here. The school gym has asbestos, and if we don’t have it here, it would have to be at this really annoying, snobby boy who already hates me for some reason. I honestly just don’t want him to get what he wants, and this would be a great chance to make tons of friends, and introduce myself to the school. I would technically be saving the dance, and everyone was super excited to be able to have the Halloween dance in an actual haunted house, and—”
They stopped in front of the locked gate and just stared at the house. The building itself hadn’t been altered in any major way in three hundred years. It was now surrounded by a gate, and most of the surrounding forest had been cut away, but it still had the same effect it had had on Gabriel Novak three hundred years ago.
“Couldn’t have been better,” Jack agreed with a wide grin.
Dean heard muttering, “Thank God I heard your voice!” he exclaimed, walking through the door to find himself at the end of another hallway where a glowing green light came from the room at the end, “Hey, listen I need your help! I lost my way, and I don’t know how to get out of here! I’m sorry if I sound a little frazzled, but I just had myself a little freakshow back there! I was supposed to meet with Mr. Morgenstern, but…I got stuck in the wall!” the voice just continued speaking as if he weren’t there. When he entered the room, there was nobody there. Just a giant crystal ball where the green light was emanating from, “I hear you, but I don’t see you…where are you?”
Michael gave him a smile that was filled with love, “And now, only heaven awaits,” he said before leaning in to give him a soft kiss.
“Yeah,” Sam agreed, “What a pity he’s got his whole miserable life ahead of him.”
Mr. Morgenstern frowned, “I’m afraid there’s no other way. Roman will show you to your rooms.”
Ben rolled his eyes, “Just shut up and take the picture.”
“Come on,” she said, stepping into the elevator.
“Mr. Morgenstern—” Cas was beginning to feel scared.
Abaddon began to chant,
“Yeah, that’s for sure,” he scoffed looking around the street.
Claire didn’t pull away until the warm lips went cold. She pulled back and was unsurprised to see Jack back to his normal ghostly state. What did surprise her, however, was seeing the crowd of classmates that had surrounded the two of them as they floated.
The wind picked up, every lightbulb in the cottage shattered, one by one. Dean tried to hurry over to Sam and Cas, but the ground began to shake and glow with an eerie green light as he was passing Abaddon’s spell book. He was nearly knocked to the ground and Sam and Cas were forced to separate to find something to hold on to.
“You mean the Demoniac sisters?” he asked, “I know all about them, my mom used to run the museum, and I’m actually a direct descendant of Samandriel Novak, Gabriel, and Anna’s little brother.”
Dean rushed over to his husband’s side, and cradled his body to him, “Cas! What’s the matter? What’s wrong?”
“Have I missed all that stuff this month?” Cas nodded. Dean groaned. He knew he had been absent, but that was just ridiculous, “All right, I’ll tell you what we’re gonna do. We’re all gonna take off this weekend.”
“Yo! Witch! Get your face off of my shoe!” he shouted, kicking her off.
The three ghosts floated outside the door, laughing at the fun they were having at the expense of their newest intruder. They were almost impressed, though. Most often, all they had to do was show their faces before some new ghost hunter went screaming out of the nearest window. This one had actually stayed longer than anyone else has before.
“Sorry,” Abaddon said, pushing Claire aside and walking over to Dean as Claire rubbed at her aching cheeks, “Now, Dr. Winchester, exactly what kind of time frame are you looking at? Please tell me you just go into the house and spray, and that’s it.”
Cain glared at her and got out of the coffin.
“Like,” Ruby continued.
She interrupted the lawyer, “To Hell with the livestock. What did he leave me?”
“You don’t believe in ghosts, Sir?” Roman asked, sounding almost amused.
They finally reached a ladder to the street. Gabe climbed onto Dean’s shoulder as he scaled the ladder. Dean lifted the manhole cover and Gabe climbed out.
“What a fool to give up thy life…for thy brother’s!” she said, throwing the boy to the ground, and grabbing Dean by the collar. The witch rose high above the ground, as Dean’s life force surrounded his body. He dangled at the end of the broomstick, terrified, but he wasn’t willing to die. As Abaddon attempted to take his lifeforce, he fought her.
“What I’m trying to say is, you should never be afraid. Don’t be afraid of anything! People are just gonna end up using it against you. I’m not scared of anything, I’m your dad, right? You’re my son, you kill that spider.”
“Yeah, no kidding? Now, get the spell book!” when Dean didn’t move, the cat hissed and scratched at his face, “Come on, move it!” while the sisters were panicking over the burning rain of death, Dean made his way over to the books display. He picked up a stand and smashed the glass. He pulled the book out while Abaddon ordered him to stop. She tried to run after him but Meg and Ruby held her back, protecting her from the rain.
“7:00 is perfect! We’ll get together at seven, and we’ll go over your offer.” He snuck a glance behind him just in time to see Bess hit Garth with her purse.
“What was that?”
Jack groaned. Of course, she would want to follow the mysterious glowing spirit. He considered staying in the room, but he really didn’t want to see another ghost appear. He ran after his sister.
Cas’s blue eyes didn’t leave Dean’s green. The angel knew this time together was limited, and he wanted to commit as much of it to memory as he could, “Let’s just say you know three crazy ghosts who kept their word.”
“A ha,” Missouri said, giving Dean an unimpressed look, “we seem to have a skeptic in our midst. Mr. Winchester, would you care to share your Kansas farmer point of view?” he couldn’t help but smirk while the kids laughed at his expense. Lawrence wasn’t a farming town, but once you said Kansas, that was the first thought that came to mind.
Dean decided to interrupt, “Hey, hey, hey, hey, no need for that! Listen to me, I am going to find this house for you! I am totally committed to finding the perfect house for you, no matter how long it takes. Because at Winchester Realties, we want you to be happy,” before he could say anything else, his phone rang, “Pardon me please. Winchester Realties, Dean Winchester.”
Dean shook his head, “You can’t help the dead, honey, they’re beyond help. That’s the nature of being dead.”
“My dad’s lab,” he answered, proudly.
As she started towards him, Crowley picked up a piece of debris from the house…a broken statue head…creepy, and through it at the car, hitting it directly in the windshield, before jumping off to the side.
Dean smirked cockily, even as Gordan Walker, a guy everyone knew had a crush on Cas walked up to him, “Hey Dean…fat chance,” he said before leaving the room. Dean grabbed his stuff and hurried out of the school to get to his bike. This entire town had Halloween fever, and it was both annoying and difficult to get out of the door. Everyone was spraying silly string, or wearing a ridiculous costume that took up space and made it impossible to get through. He finally made it to his bike, and took off, trying to catch up to Castiel.
“They were up first!” he defended himself, “I already have your breakfast made, just let me go get it!”
“My three favorite witches!” he announced them. Sarah just glared at them.
“But dad!”
“Morning Dr. Winchester!” Jack greeted, quickly floating away from Claire, “Would you like some breakfast?”
Jack chuckled, “Yeah, but it saves on the heating bill,” Claire just raised an eyebrow, causing the ghost to awkwardly clear his throat. He floated over to the large kitchen table, and pulled out a chair at the head, “Come on,” he offered, ever a gentleghost, “It’s okay,” he added, seeing how she looked a bit hesitant.
“After the sudden, unexpected death of his husband Castiel, Dr. Winchester gave up conventional psychiatry and, some say, conventional sanity. And now along with his loner daughter Claire,” Jack’s transparent eyes lit up as the camera cut to a young blonde girl. She was very pretty and Jack knew he would be blushing if he could, “Dr. Winchester travels from town to town, searching for paranoid poltergeists, scared specters, the depressed, and the dead.”
“Well, come along,” Gabriel said, hopping off the stone, “I want to show you something else.”
“We’re fine,” Claire was quick to reassure him.
“Mom, I haven’t OD’d, I haven’t even had a piece! They’re real witches and they can fly and they’re gonna eat all the kids in Salem! They’re real!”
They didn’t waste any time before climbing in through the window. It was time to find her treasure.
Cas tilted his head, sapphire blue eyes questioning, “You don’t believe in it?”
His shortest uncle scoffed, “Oh yeah? Well company loves misery,” he said, knocking the pitcher of freshly squeezed orange juice onto the floor, creating even more of a mess for the tiny ghost.
Something was happening.
“Like what?”
Lucifer grinned, “Hubba hubba,” he howled, teasingly, earning himself a slap from Sam in the process.
“Oh no, I really don’t think we should. We have plans,” Cas said with a pointed look at his husband.
“I feel it.”
“It’s just a little detour,” Dean explained to the kids, on their way up to the house.
“Wait til you see what I’m gonna call you. I want you all out of my house!” she shouted.
“Hello,” Abaddon said, mocking the voice on the tape, “I want my book!” they left the school, more determined than ever.
“Because he can’t,” Dean yelped as Sam appeared behind him, “If I could tell you, I would, but I can’t so I won’t, okay?”
Claire couldn’t look at him anymore. Her heart was broken for her friend, who would be stuck here, alone for all eternity. It just wasn’t fair. She looked down at a pile of newspapers by her feet. The different headlines on the front page confirmed what he had told her; ‘Shurley Youth Dies,’ ‘Double Suicide Following Youngest Shurley Brother Funeral,’ ‘Mysterious Activity At Hunters Manor,’ ‘Father Invents “Resurrection” Machine To Raise Dead Son.’ That last one caught her eye, and she picked up the paper. Under the headline, there was a sketch of a man with curly hair, and a full beard, “Is that your dad?” she asked. Jack nodded. She went on to read the article next to the picture, “Charles Shurley claimed that he was haunted by the ghost of his dead son. And that he invented a machine to bring him back to life, the Laz—”
