"It's just the laptop? No, notebooks, or... I don't know, reference books, writer stuff?" He reached out and touched the unplugged blue ethernet cable with one long pale finger, then the CD with his dedication. A small anxious smile on his beautiful lips.
John had slid one hand up his back and now scratched through his curls.
John Watson had, repeatedly, entrusted him with exceptional submission. And like an unworthy adolescent he tended to completely lose composure with John in his arms. Unable to restrain himself from kissing, biting, pawing at the man, pushing himself into those pink lips. He felt a rush of arousal at the thought and took several deep, slow breaths.
So, he came up with a plan. One that could fail miserably. Or possibly help them to fix this.
“Yes, well aware.” John looked grim.
He looked up to meet Sherlock's eyes and smiled brilliantly, lazily. Then with a satisfied hum snuggled under the hand brushing through his hair.
'don't be afraid of things because they're easy to do #obliquestrategies'
A heavy hand wrapped around his wrist, uncomfortably.
"Settle. You are doing well. I am enjoying this very much. And you are allowed to enjoy it."
John was excited. And terrified.
Again the incredible smile and most certainly unconscious gesture of licking his lips. He could not suppress the memory of that tongue under his mouth, under his cock.
Sherlock climbed up the stairs and stood at the doorway looking at the bed. One didn't need to be brilliant to deduce two people had slept in it. The bed screamed it, pillow indents and dust patterns on the hardwood floor.
John had began showering in the evenings, perhaps under the misapprehension it was the polite thing to do when sharing a bed with another. And as much as Sherlock now acquainted the smell of John's supermarket brand shampoo with warm hands and a steady heartbeat, he preferred the familiar scent of John's skin, and the traces of the day it bore. Endless cups of tea and the disinfectant they used at the surgery were child's play, but a visit to a bookstore or an afternoon snack of peanut brittle - small triumphs in olfactory deduction.
Fuck.
Sherlock looked down at his hands, a tic shook him. "No, I'm awful company." He sighed. "I need to apologize for running off during your interview. John, I am sorry. I... I panicked."
He'd been needy, demanding, disrespectful. He'd pushed and pushed.
"After breakfast we'll try Mike." John ate while he spoke. "Although I assume he's having a time of his life plowing through the village. Until he passes our way no mechanic or towing service can reach us. And that could be late. Or tomorrow. Should we let anyone know you're here?"
And then, his eyes meeting Sherlock's for a moment, John smiled wider. And Lestrade, in a surprising moment of instant clarity, understood. And Sherlock blushed a red brighter than the blood-stained floor.
"Just put it all back the way it was when you're done, please."
Standing at the crime scene, careful not to step into the surprisingly oblong blood puddle, Sherlock surmised John's zeal for orgasms rivaled his own for serial killers. And now both of them were having a very good day.
Sherlock's shoulders visibly relaxed a notch. He smiled, blinked again, and set to work covering most of the booklet with notation. Adding the number at the end.
Usually he was able to tune it out, but with the case solved and both Lestrade and John yelling at him at top volume, John dramatically waving about a paper cup of tea that was splashing over the soaked cobblestones of the alley, he found the commotion difficult to ignore.
John woke to a soft snore at the back of his neck, a hand on his hip. He woke with a grin on his face, feeling young, foolish, excited. Outside the wind had picked up and inside the fire had gone down. Still, he was in no hurry to leave this snug cocoon, the rhythm of breaths, the unexpected shifts of long legs tangling with his own. He closed his eyes. Just a bit longer.
"Settle. You are doing well. I am enjoying this very much. And you are allowed to enjoy it."
He held up the end of one black silk ribbon, tested it with his fingers, then let it fall to curl on his chest.
Idiot.
A painful pinch of one of his nipples shook his body like electrical current. Involuntarily John opened his eyes to meet a lustful gaze and open lips of the gorgeous man who held him. He almost ejaculated on the spot.
The case was solved and he was ready to sleep. He set the phone carelessly on the mattress behind him. Just then John reached back and, grabbing his wrist, pulled him in tighter.
The ribbons were unrelenting. He pulled harder, his arms spread out, his legs extended and locked around the body of the strong man above him, the one who now owned him.
"To Moriarty." Sherlock said and laughed through his teeth nervously. "The demon inside my head." And as his smile cracked there was incredible vulnerability in his expression.
An Albanian hitman. A corrupt politician not worth their time. A chase. And a car crash.
He stood in the rain in front of a door marked 221B, the address he found on Sherlock's, largely defunct, website. Alright. John tried the ornate knocker politely.
"What we did last time, was it satisfactory?"
Quiet. Calm. Peaceful. And absolutely, positively, utterly hateful.
"More than one, John! All of them!"
“You’re no longer upset.” It wasn’t a question.
“Some refer to it as the Sumatran Giant. It was first encountered in 1878 by Italian botanist Odoardo Beccari. One of the plants that germinated was sent here, to Kew. It flowered for the first time in 1889. And then not again until 1926 when police had to be called in to handle the disorderly crowd of spectators.”
Sherlock did not need to be reminded of the transience of life. The tapping of the death-watch beetle matched the beat of his own nervous heart.
"No, just the laptop. I play it on the laptop as I work."
Sherlock seemed surprised by the kiss and put his phone away quickly. "John... No, no, perfect timing."
"Yes. Again, nothing to be embarrassed about, everyone does it."
They took a short walk outside just as the sun was setting. Hand in hand. It was chilly but far from frost.
"Portable." Sherlock took off his glasses and set them on the nearby side table. "Unlike a piano."
With one hand on the door jamb he took in the adorned antlers, the nervous shifting, the expectant gaze. Fur and flowers. And small sounds, deep grunts.
"Very good." A small moan escaped John and he immediately stiffened.
John took his hand. "No, no, meeting the piano, without doubt."
John barely whispered. “I…”
Finally in the mirrored foyer of the dreaded restaurant he took a look at his messy hair and the now drenched jacket. Well, that was it.
His phone beeped almost immediately.
They looked at each other for a few moments, Dr. Holmes focused and calm, John vibrating with anticipation and clear joy.
'A mating marathon can involve twenty to forty romps a day, John! Imagine that!' - SH
Next he choose a pastry, biting half of it himself and feeding the other half to John.
"You've had a head start. I'm way behind in getting to know you."
"A bit..."
John was shivering and gasping as the soft bristles flowed over more sensitive areas, several times unable to suppress a moan.
The briefest of kisses and he was swaying on his feet.
He'd installed a new aerial for the radio, a fun project, even in the chilly drizzle. A delivery of fresh paperbacks, spines glossy, arrived just yesterday. He kept busy. Tested two new bread recipes, one with whey he had leftover from straining some yogurt.
"I have your permission?" Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock reached out and placed one hand on the nape of John's neck eliciting a full body shiver. He let the weight of his hand sit there. Hot skin. Small shakes. But they had time.
"Who are you?" John whispered.
He moved his thumb to brush the fingertip across John's lips.
'John, the caps lock is on. My estimate is a two year marriage in your late thirties, no offspring.' - SH
Running a hand gloved in black leather through his ruffled blond hair as he lowered his helmet, to then bite down with his teeth on the worn glove to pull it off, the man standing in front of him, smiling, his eyes a provocative glint, was simply perfect.
The waiter had already been waiting for a nod.
"Come. You take the bed." John gestured towards the bed again. "The linens are clean."
He kept his eyes closed, rocking into the touches against his body, skin on his cheek, leather on his knees. He kissed him. Oh, he kissed him and John whimpered.
"Oh, no, we're stuck here tonight, the two of us."
"I have your permission?"
Mike arrived, with a recap of snow-laden fallen tree branches, huge snow drifts the winds caused and other stuck vehicles. Everyone was alright, most were enjoying it in fact. Tea cups were supplemented with a tin box of biscuits John had baked himself leading to another bout of strong approval from Sherlock.
"Let me lay down."
Sherlock did. And his elegant hands and long fingers looked unbelievably alluring on the black keys.
Quickly, he unzipped and pulled down his trousers, then gently brought John's lips towards his cock.
His legs were straddling a muscled thigh and he was already aroused by the position and the contact, with the cotton fabric of Dr. Holmes's pyjamas a thin barrier between two clearly eager men.
Later, much later, curled into a warm furry embrace, held with ardent touches, fingers of one hand wrapped around the firm bone of a tine and nuzzling into soft curls, John sighed.
"I'm fine. We're both fine. It was an accident. A small one. Not even stitches."
He'd brought in a mix of purple hydrangeas and violet lilac to adorn the table and then felt silly about them and moved them to a corner of the kitchen counter. Then moved one of the kitchen chairs to the fireplace next to the armchair.
John attempted to say something but his mouth was dry, “I…”
Time to change intensity.
He swayed on his feet and a strong hand steadied him at the elbow.
Two weeks had passed.
Notice the rating has gone up... heed the tags!
He was going to botch this up.
Please, please...
After the program finished he went online. There were youtube videos of the man playing and he watched them all. Made more tea, checked on his waning fever, read wikipedia pages, watched more videos, set up an account for a music streaming service on his phone.
"Oh, no, no I couldn't." He straightened up. "You're my guest after all."
The door creaked. It had never done so before. So he stood, one foot inside the room, obvious. John shifted under the duvet and woke.
'Total darkness, bed, headphones, live recording. #goosebumps #classicalmusic'
"Let's sit down and talk for a moment."
'for fucks sake stop with the miserable piano competitions!!! #boooooring #automata'
"This brings me great pleasure, John, you must understand that."
As Sherlock beamed, rocking on his feet, John opened one. Tea. Another. And another tea. They were all different teas, the names of which John hadn't heard before.
At least the sun was fully out by the time they reached the next location, the penultimate point of the sad pilgrimage.
With just a small nudge of his hand, John angled him for an unhurried kiss.
John moaned loudly, feeling an unpleasantly strong jerk of his cock.
"Nope, not my patient. But you are my boyfriend, you're upset, you're hungry and probably dehydrated." He squeezed his hand. "So, as your boyfriend, I am prescribing more pasta and possibly camomile and certainly an early retreat under the duvet."
"You are free to leave any time John. Free to leave now if you wish."
Sherlock did not need to be reminded of the transience of life. The tapping of the death-watch beetle matched the beat of his own nervous heart.
They ate, Sherlock wearing a t-shirt too wide for his frame, pajama bottoms that didn't reach his ankles.
Tea at a proper temperature irritated. Spicy food was off the menu for the night. He’d never get his hair how it should be under a cold shower, the coconut oil in his solid conditioner worked well at a higher temperature. And he was afraid to check his reflection in the mirror.
Sherlock's eyes were bulging out with disdain but he kept his lips tightly shut.
"Incredibly well, yes. You?"
Sherlock smiled. "Oh John, I promise you I will never share you." He set his tea cup down. "This is a short list, but it's a start. We can discuss details ahead of time each time we meet."
And he blurted out like and idiot. "Anything?"
Sherlock helped him up and took him by the hand to the kitchen.
And then a clothed erection pressed hard into his exposed buttocks brushing against the back of his scrotum. His hips, thighs, back were touched by eager hands and he was becoming desperate, his chest heaving with breaths.
It had been a couple of weeks. And he'd thanked Sherlock for his hospitality already. The man hated repeating himself. But, then, John didn't always follow his train of thought.
“Not a crime, John, something much more grave.”
"I've been thinking of returning to that club, where we interrogated the tax cheating suspect. Seems tattoos are part of the... scene."
He was back from his run, drenched with sweat and ready for another shower. It was one of those rare clear sunny days when the light in his flat looked extraordinary and he felt somehow invincible.
He was alright. And here. And bloody gorgeous. Wrapped in a blue silk dressing gown, his hair wild.
'John, is the clover in bloom?' - SH
“Hmpf.” Inhaling all that wool had made him drowsy.
John felt euphoric and laughed.
John had changed the linens this morning and was now scrubbing the bath and humming a popular tune to himself, apparently relaxed and in a good mood. While Sherlock felt a drop of sweat trail down the middle of his back, now at the point of the curvature of the lumbar.
And he was rewarded with a kiss on the lips and a tender smile.
Sherlock gently pulled him into an embrace, still holding his hand. John shivered, his cheek leaning onto the man's shoulder. So close. Deep breaths.
He hung up his coat and scarf, took off his shoes. John was alarmed he'd taken a walk.
Shivering in his jumper and flannel pajama bottoms John stood unable to move for long minutes.
"The toccata... in my own way I was trying to tell you..." And his voice grew really quiet. "How much I just wanted to touch you..."
Yes. This. He managed a small nod.
And the wonderful, generous, understanding man pulled him between his open thighs, cradling him. John sighed into the fabric of the suit.
Sherlock nodded, at a loss for words.
Sherlock had been kissed on the staircase, his back pressed hard to the wall. Pushed towards the bedroom. Undressed, hurriedly, without finesse. Tackled onto the mattress, all muscle and want. He'd been woken with the softest brush of lips, lathered with tauntingly slow caress under the shower, held warmly as his breaths calmed after an orgasm. He'd had his bum pinched. Well, that led to sweeping up of some broken glassware and a chemical stain on the linoleum floor in the kitchen, so perhaps it was off the menu.
After catching his breath he managed to add, “I must warn you John, as the spathe gradually opens, the spadix releases powerful odors to attract pollinators, insects which feed on dead animals or lay their eggs in rotting meat… the compounds include isovaleric acid, dimethyl trisulphide, trimethylamine, indole…”
"This brings me great pleasure, John, you must understand that."
Sherlock tried to answer but only succeeded in making a few panicked squeaks. His whole body was stiff.
"I could give it a wash in the sink?" John gestured.
Feeling a wave of pure panic wash over him, Sherlock wrapped his arms around his knees, closed his eyes and retreated to his mind palace.
He'd not been a fan before. Not by far. His taste in music was in tune with the radio's top 40. It was mostly background noise, as he worked, wrote, ran, commuted. On headphones, his kitchen radio, in the shops. He never bought CDs or downloaded songs, music was present but of no special significance in his life.
'You were married once, John? I am correct.' - SH
Sherlock looked puzzled, then cleared his throat, "Yes, well, I am far from retired."
He felt the hand slowly slide to touch one cheek, then his head was lifted.
“Awake long?”
Completely unaware of him the man sat down with a huff, grimaced into his barely touched glass of whiskey and set it on the side table. He then smoothed out the front of his gray suit jacket, crossed his long legs and sat back.
"You don't mind?" John ran the fingertips of his hand over Sherlock's half-hard cock and nuzzled against his cheek.
It took Sherlock two sleepless nights on the sofa, some frankly illegal searches of the NHS databases and countless cups of coffee to find out another detail. He'd missed the signs at first. Had it not been for one of John's offhand comments...
Well, John had watched the film while Sherlock… napped. As John held him, small and incredibly soothing scratches over his stomach, one leg carelessly thrown over his own under the blanket.
"And practically everyone is an idiot. There are always exceptions. I don't make a habit of masturbating."
'John, the only way for a gentlemen to live is in a hotel. Where one can place a sign on the door when one wishes not be disturbed by idiots.' - SH
The tiresome waiter chose that moment in particular to reappear with the dessert menu. Sherlock was perhaps too harsh.
Sherlock was so animated, an explosion of nervous energy, tics and quirks and all. And John just sat astonished.
If he looked about the room around him traces of John were everywhere. A small smile allowed him distance from dark thoughts.
"Come on now. You've kept me waiting long enough." He went inside, setting down his tea cup on the kitchen table and kneeling down to stoke the fire in the cast iron stove.
"I heard you on the phone. Your brother?"
"Nothing to be embarrassed about, perfectly normal." John was using his 'considerate doctor' voice and Sherlock took another sip of tea.
An Instagram photo of it on the music rack of his own piano two days ago with the caption 'scary lovely'. He had had to clean up the shards of his dropped tea cup. Cut one finger in the process, too.
John leaned over the small label, hands clasped behind him, and read aloud, “Amorphophallus titanum.” His cheeks were pinking with the temperature change, tips of his fringe wet from the icy rain. He looked gorgeous. Sherlock had no doubt he’d made the right decision. Still, he was uncertain John would accept the gift.
John’s palm slowly slid up his spine to settle in small circular rubs over his cervical vertebrae. Sherlock shivered and rubbed his face against the stubble of John’s jaw. The repetitive swirls were simultaneously calming and arousing.
He liked John leaving empty tea cups strewn about the flat. The kitchen counter, bedside table, floor next to the sofa. Sherlock would never move them and once in a while John would wrangle them all in into the dishwasher in the evening apologizing profusely for being "such a pig". It was silly but they reminded him John was now living here, was about to open the door and return home for the evening.
One hand on John's chest and unable to take his eyes of the shifting, rutting hips and irresistible heavy erection, he came hard after just a few shallow thrusts.
It was uncomfortable.
One last squeeze to that bony elbow and Sherlock followed John inside.
John got up from bed slowly to find it next to the armchair, his reading glasses thankfully right next to it. It was just past two.
He was about to verbally tear the nurse apart, his gambling debts and wife's infidelity obvious, when a croak of a cough brought him to a standstill. "... enough already."
"Let me hear you."
The following two days were a progression of slow, empty minutes. He didn't manage to write much. And Sherlock had not posted anything online, which was totally out of character for a man who usually had several updates each day.
He sunk back into the pillows as his limbs were repositioned, his hips tilted, knees parted. Fingers traced the creases behind his knees, his hipbones and the top of his thighs. It was both calming and incredibly arousing.
"Come on, the tea must be half cool by now." He paused the music, took Sherlock by the hand and led him back to the sofa.
"Excuse me?"
He carefully helped John up. Then brought him, eyes low but still open, closer for another long kiss on the lips. He then pulled off his own shoes and socks and knelt in front of the man.
John was very warm and smelled of soap and cheap laundry detergent. Sherlock, face firmly planted against John's shoulder, took another deep breath. His hand touched a cotton-covered, muscled thigh. His fingers twitched. Unlike that first time he was frightfully aware of every detail, every point of contact, their disparate heart rates - John's steady, his own a stutter. The thread count of John's sheets. The passing of the N74 bus. The temperature of the room. The throbbing of the stitches on the side of his left palm. John's minty toothpaste, traces of it on his shirt. The coarse hairs under the thin cotton of John's pyjama bottoms. The arm around his waist, relaxed, pleasingly heavy.
This time the raised eyebrow had a very different meaning.
John kept spinning the teacup in his hands. “No, it wasn’t… I didn’t think you’d taken anything, well, not of your own free will, that is.” John rubbed at his brow. He was embarrassed, but why?! “I admit I should have been more worried about the drugs, in fact. So, sorry about that, all that, and things I said in the taxi and just now.”
"You are doing so well." John's eyelashes fluttered.
They each took a long shower and waited for the Chinese takeaway to arrive in silence. John looked at his bare feet on the carpet. Sherlock attempted to close his eyes but couldn't.
He could have lied about it being a case.
"No you won't."
Unlike last night, when he opened the door, John Watson stood in front of him. He took in his slightly tense bearing, hands clenching and unclenching by his sides. His expression was open, eager. Slowly he lowered his gaze towards the floor.
"I did, just a few pages but some key dialogue to close a situation. And the anxiety doesn't come yet, not while writing, not until the reading bit. At least for me."
"I... I don't know."
He slid one hand over John's hip and brought his fingers to his own scarred chest.
A tear escaped, then an embarrassing sniffle.
'You enjoyed your brief visit to London but have no wish to live in a large metropolis.' - SH
And with a mention of music Sherlock became more animated and his hand gripped John. "Oh, show me! Not radio I hope? OK, some radio is fine, I also do radio once in a while. Please, tell me it is not top of the something or other, teenage overhyped and overproduced atrocities who couldn't recognize a G clef if it bit them..." He abruptly stopped and pulled his hand back. "I... my apologies." He looked stricken. "I don't mean to sound like a pompous ass." He tugged at the jacket. "Not everyone thinks classical music is... " He went silent and looked nervously around the room, cheeks pink, hands twitching.
Suddenly he became very aware of the falling drops of water hitting his skin. Of the gaze that followed his hand.
Sherlock had baked a spinach and feta filo pie. Well, the filo dough was defrosted but still. But it was warm and served with a large green salad.
Armchair and chair, pulled close to the fire, two crochet blankets, two cups of tea, four wool-clad feet stretching in front of the low flames.
"Still comfortable?"
"Kneel for me, John."
The hake was fine, and finer still was John’s approach to pulling out the smallest of bones with his fingers and licking them as he spoke animatedly, completely unaware Sherlock had readjusted the napkin in his lap, twice. They’d just moved on to a second bottle of wine.
Two people were dead in London. And three more were in hospital. And he still had missed one more bit of information.
"Is this about the power bill?"
More kisses along his hairline. He took several breaths to calm himself.
I have been looking for you.
The man was unpredictable, a constant puzzle.
The way the light fell from the window. The sound of busy traffic on the street outside. A faint voice from somewhere in the adjoining building.
John sat up, hands on thighs.
"Yeah, oh, yeah. I'm working from home for my editing job next week." He took a sip of his beer. "And the office has air conditioning."
John looked on as he took the helmet from him and set it on the nearby desk, then helped him out of his jacket taking care not to touch him and hung it on the back of a chair.
"You may cum as soon as you wish, John."
They made it back in another cab, Sherlock placed the call and they cleared the sofa and the coffee table as well as they could while they waited for the food.
Finally, as John stared, Dr. Holmes pulled a pair of fine silky burgundy socks from the closet, watching John swallow.
He opened the door and was met with a smiling man running one hand through his ruffled blond hair. Black leather jacket, dark jeans, heavy boots, and, surprisingly, a matte black motorcycle helmet in one hand. Absolutely breathtaking. He smiled back speechless.
John looked straight at him and shook his head.
Just...
"Sherlock?"
John finally shifted slightly and looked up.
"I walked home."
"Well obviously!" a deep man's voice answered.
"Should we work on your patience?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John, eyelids dropping, fell back into that lap trying to steady his breathing.
"What can appear online, what can't. I am an approval seeking maniac a lot of the time online. Baiting attention with embarrassing and self deprecating shit." He laughed nervously and shook his head. "Fucking shower selfies."
John shifted slightly. "Oh, oh never mind that." The warm caress finally returned to its pace. "I suppose we have been busy with cases, more than usual."
"I prefer to text, John." He did sound slightly less ill. There was also low music in the background, something classical?
Why did he dispute dinner? What was wrong with him?
"I trust you," he whispered into the ruffled blond hair. But he still had to utter the one important word.
Sherlock dropped his bow, sunk into his armchair and promptly, pots banging and steady stream of curses, fell asleep.
“… just…”
After he's correctly identified the man and cornered him in the alley behind the jeweller's shop he realised he'd miscalculated. A flash of steel. A scream. John.
He startled to find John standing in front of him, a tight smile on his face, holding a pair of shoes. His shoes. Oh, he was barefoot.
And without a word the man slammed it in his face.
'Just starting.'
He'd hoped to order an extravagant room service breakfast and keep the smaller man in his arms for as long as possible. The previous evening had left him more emotionally invested than he'd believed himself capable. One evening. And he was ready to give everything up to repeat it.
Sherlock was coming for a visit. Today. Any moment. Or not. Impossible to tell as the man had stopped answering his phone two days ago.
Just when he was sure the man would not reappear, he did. Sitting across from him at the dinner table, prompted by Dr. Stamford and two other scientists to talk about the work in his lab.
John opened the box and smelled the tea. Truly exquisite, as far as he could tell.
"Let me hear you."
"My scruffy, perfect boy. I'm keeping you."
Lestrade was starting to develop that strained, unattractive grimace. He tried not to look too directly at John's incensed expression.
Sherlock was now sitting up, shaking badly, spasms of eyelids and hands scratching at the sofa.
"So beautiful for me." And John's eyelids fluttered.
Many evenings were spent just reading together. Sherlock with a journal, John with a paperback. There had been several discussions about unpacking John's television again, even though its first installation had unnerved Sherlock. Cinema visits were a regular date night.
"John... I've always assumed that love is a dangerous disadvantage. I was mistaken."
It was incredibly thrilling and John openly moaned at the touch, leaning into Sherlock's side and feeling the intense jerks of his whole body as he played, the vibrations of the instrument just inches from him. He felt exposed, shameless in his disclosed fantasy. So he reached out and placed the tip of the fingers of one hand on the sidearm of the keyboard and just lost it, panting and pushing up into Sherlock's palm.
John screamed.
He suddenly felt lightheaded.
He looked down at his shimmering hands. The suit jacket, no, actually everything he wore would need to be taken to the specialist dry cleaners. He looked for a bin bag under the sink.
Sherlock had set down his cup and was settling in the armchair, blanket pulled up over his chest. "Go on, get the fire ready and go to bed, John. I'm fine here."
It was different. Soft, curving over the sensitive skin of the inside of his thighs. A brush? Smooth and silky. His knee. The shivered and bit his lip.
The duvet shifted once in a while, a sigh or a mumbled word only signs of a man hidden under it.
Dr. Holmes spoke without his gaze leaving John’s. “We’ll both have the hake. And bring a plate of your,” he smirked, “‘root veg nibbler’ to share as a starter.”
He broke into a deep laugh. Of course. And at two in the morning?!
"So, I haven't fucked this up, yet?" Sherlock's voice was muffled by John's shirt.
"Three bloody years, John." He sighed. "Do you know how boring the past three years have been? Wake up, smoke, practise, eat a sandwich, practise, smoke, check e-mail, think the most awful thoughts, abuse Instagram filters, insomnia, repeat."
But how the hell was he supposed to approach the man after he cowardly ran from him. His work e-mail? He snorted.
As John got up to climb to his room, Sherlock simply followed.
Ugly. And over. For a while now. A fading sign of trauma far from this embrace, this morning, their life together. Their home.
The rain was relentless. A true tropical storm the city was unprepared for. The only people in the bookshop with him were the sales staff and two poor souls who came in to dry off and had no idea who he was and no plans to buy a book.
And he got up to sit at the piano.
"We don't have to define things right away. There's time." He touched Sherlock's cheek and lips. "I would like to see you again, very much so."
A few rough trusts later Sherlock followed, shaky and loud. He lay on top of John with all his weight slowly catching his breath.
He blushed again and stood up quickly.
John was away for a seminar and he'd slept alone for the first time in a while. He slept more or less well but woke up early with a sense of unease and couldn't stay in bed on his own. He'd made tea and fed George, petting him a bit. But in the end he'd felt so anxious he had to dress and leave the flat.
As he accidentally, but what a pleasant accident, brushed the side of his hand against the man's leg he felt a vice-like grip trap his wrist.
"I will touch you now."
And he hid his face against John's neck, held onto him and cried.
He lost track of time. And it did not matter. He wanted to stay like this forever. Held, wanted.
“But there is something that can’t wait for Friday?”
John wasn't at home. And he wasn't alone.
"Sounds like a plan, yeah."
“This place?”
His own cock was becoming insistent and he gave it a strong squeeze.
They ordered burgers and beer, ate with their hands. John openly stared as Sherlock licked a finger with a snicker.
He set the cup down and opened the door. Boots. His two sets of muddy boots had been pushed about. John lined them up again on the small bench and returned to the warm kitchen to make himself breakfast, a bowl of oatmeal with some apples and honey.
Two long fingers pushed in deep and John started fucking himself on them. Sherlock was kissing his shoulders, touching his thigh and side with his free hand. John pulled that hand to grasp his cock.
He spoke briefly to one of the volunteers in the garden, a woman in her sixties wearing a brightly coloured headscarf depicting sparrows as John stood aside. The woman was understandably shaken and he tried his best to reassure her it was all sorted before they took a taxi home.
“You bring me such unexpected joy, John. Your submission is… Arresting. Humbling.” He watched John close his eyes. “Your physique? You are breathtaking. My last attempt at a full day’s restraint with you,” Sherlock shook his head, “barely lasted until lunch time. I have never experienced such intense desire… I find us uniquely suited to each other. And there is nothing I want more in life than to care for you.”
He patiently queued for the signing, straightening his hair and trying not to blurt out something idiotic when his turn finally came.
Kissing. The spectrum of possibilities kissing presented astounded him.
"Just a regular day at the lab. All on schedule with the two experiments in progress. Finished my evening reading."
And the mirror. He had taken a look yesterday. Just a brief glance. He knew he was healthier and heavier as he'd had to buy several new pairs of trousers last month. But the pink glow of his previously pale, grayish skin, the bright love bites low on his neck, a fingernail scratch on his shoulder blade. The feeling of contentment.
"Please, come in." He gestured up the staircase. "I am upstairs." And stood aside to let the man pass so he could follow him up and take in his reactions. Upon seeing him enter his flat with curious glances he felt a tingling of excitement.
Loved.
His gun hand. The hand he'd earlier used to...
Think I'll finish here for now. RL catching up to me. And Ravel and Bach and more Bach - a storm surge... As with all my AUs, it pains me to leave and I may come back, perhaps even tomorrow... #loveyouall
Sherlock bowed his head, his bottom lip pouting and beginning to shake a bit. John quickly brought him closer.
The shirt was open at the front and Sherlock traced his fingers over clavicle, chest, careful to avoid the nipples, stomach. Slowly but with a sure touch, light pressure. He took in the scarred shoulder and touched it attentive to John's response. No discomfort, good.
“They do an excellent hake in a chicory and anchovy relish, if you’re thinking fish. A balance of salt, bitter notes and umami.”
“I don’t mind?” Oh, John, I really, really don’t mind. He sat up with some discomfort.
John looked straight at him and shook his head.
The sitting room looked lived in. Shelves of books and curios. A desk full of papers and journals. A fireplace and two armchairs. Impeccably clean and organised.
He stood at the table unsure if he’d be reprimanded on the spot. Publicly. But Dr. Holmes simply stood up and took him in with one quick and scrutinising look.
When it opened the two man looked at each other. Then with clear invitation John braced his hands behind his back and lowered his head. He waited, heart pounding, staring at the most beautiful pair of naked feet he'd ever seen. Oh, fuck.
"John, just John is fine. And a bit of milk, please."
They stood up, Sherlock took John's hand in his and felt incredible happiness. He couldn't help himself, he leaned down and kissed him. Thoroughly. Leaving them both a bit breathless.
Decadent. That voice. Deep and demanding and absolutely decadent. 'Perfect, so perfect for me.' He sunk into that voice, the praise, those strong hands, enveloped by touch, hands everywhere, his mouth full, touched, held down, filled.
He carefully reread everything John had ever published on his blog. The posts, the edits, the comments and replies. Nothing. He then searched John's room for any clues, and relocated all his books, medical textbooks and journals excluded, to the sitting room sofa. There were no diaries or personal letters.
Sherlock refused to discuss John's assistance in his returning to the flat, and he clearly was able to afford the hotel for the time being. John thought about Sherlock becoming a recluse, like Tesla, feeding pigeons from his window and mumbling at the wall, alone. The thought made him uneasy.
"Provoke me and I will tweet."
He barely had time to take off his helmet and try to compose himself a bit when the door opened to frame the man who had occupied his thoughts so persistently in the past days. And he was stunning. Impeccable suit, styled hair. And a pair of properly polished black leather shoes. John was lost for words, smiling foolishly.
'John, how far does your baking expertise extend? I am watching a riveting competition and the sticky toffee puddings are intriguing. I may post a box of medjool dates to your address.' - SH
"Go on."
After a moment John shook his head.
One moment. One almost imperceptible flinch on that imposing face.
“Is it…” Sherlock felt a choking deep in his throat, he barely managed one wheezy word, “… enough?”
“It’s fine. We’re fine.”
He set the plate on the floor and feeling sitting on the sofa might unsettle his breakfast companion pulled down a pillow to the floor and sat on that, his tea cup by the plate of fruit.
"Something celebratory I think?"
He ran his face and hands over the hair-covered calves and back of thighs, kissing, biting delicately. They would progress towards discomfort slowly today, this wasn't about inflicting pain.
He thought about those long legs, large feet, solid men's shoes. And absolute competence.
Yes, please. He was twitching with desire at the edge of his seat.
"Makaibari." Sherlock nodded at the box he held.
Sherlock had sent him a series of texts last night asking about his preferences for their dinner date - location, food ideas, indoors or outside. There were three messages related to what time John favored. It was ridiculous, and adorable.
It was an amazing sight, one he wanted to remember forever.
Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt cuffs, then the top two buttons of the shirt. And simply pulled the thing over his head and dropped it to the floor.
"I apologize for the mess. Thanks for helping with it."
Sherlock looked up to see John at the door, looking exhausted, supermarket bags in tow, taking in the room in with a bewildered expression. There was quite a lot of mess - books, papers, charts he'd drawn... all information coded, of course.
"Push inside."
Small traces of other people's fragrances from the club, easy to ignore, toothpaste, tea, John's own wonderfully warm and calming scent, skin, scalp, breath, hints of sweat. He burrowed happily under John's arm, rubbing his face into warm cotton and stretching his bare feet. John wrapped one hand around the back of his neck, callused fingers scraping still-damp skin, and snuffled a bit.
They spoke for over an hour, John finally dozing off with the phone on his pillow as Sherlock listed his favorite teas, with an exceptionally long and soothing description of Assam's maltiness, related to its cultivation and production...
He was uncertain how to go public with this work as he had been unable to push himself to give his editor even a small sample. He did want the work read and thought of other venues that wouldn't expose his privacy but so far he was stumped at choosing a pseudonym, discarding one idea after another, and reluctant to figure out how to self-publish.
"No heating?" John muttered, "and an, I'm afraid to ask, unsalvageable cover?"
Putting away the dishes in the kitchen John checked the clock. "Alright. But, don't you want to get any of your things from the car now the road is clear? Extra clothes?"
Oil dripped as John leaned forward to suck on his fingers, eyes closing, small sighs. Was he aware his hands were kneading Sherlock's leg?
The cabin was stuffy although most windows and the back door were wide open and John was ready for a nap. He'd done more work today than was his norm, reinstating watering ducts for his growing tomatoes, eggplants and melons.
"I'd like to undress you. Come sit next to me on the bed."
"Thank you, never can have enough tea." He looked at one of the boxes, its label.
John had moved down to the side of his neck and was taking his time licking and nibbling. He clearly appreciated Sherlock’s gift.
And he fucking whimpered.
“Oh, should have opted for a finer bottle then.”
"How do you come up with the idea, characters, all of it? I don't understand..."
Was it self-aware? Why did it initiate contact? Were there others like it? A herd? Or, a tribe?
He didn't manage much sleep that night either.
Nightmares that used to torment him with flashbacks of gunshots and screams he'd attempted to exorcise in two long novels were a distant memory.
“I… I didn’t want to say. I’d been here before.”
"I've mislaid the gas bill..."
"Come." And he wrapped one arm around John's waist and lead him to his bedroom.
And there was silence on the other end. For a moment he thought the line had dropped.
"You are mine. Only mine. I will take care of you John."
His voice was tight. "I'm so sorry John."
This was an exercise in patience for both of them. Sherlock was aware of his own need and discomfort. Still, he'd never rush this.
He tried the reception and was told Dr. Watson had checked out of the hotel already.
And here we come to the crux of the matter. Sherlock was determined to redefine that word, too.
Sincerely yours,
John hesitated for a moment and then slowly opened the door.
A broken moan. Perfect.
He shivered.
"Sh'lock?" John grumbled into his pillow and started to turn.
? You're welcome!
"Do you mind?"
Just as John took out the fresh bread to cool under a damp cloth, the towing service parked outside.
'I'll be there in an hour. Thank you. - John'
“Fish sounds great, yeah.”
OK, that was something.
Fuck. He couldn’t think about it, no. Please, no. Not that pleading would help.
And in two days he’d start peeling…
He pushed one finger in and sighed. He was becoming aroused, from his own touch, but even more from being so exposed to the sleeping man behind him. He pushed another finger in and shivered. His breathing was becoming labored.
John’s forehead added vertical to the already present horizontal creases. He did not understand, yet.
Some nights were interrupted with nightmares.
"A phone call when a text would suffice?"
“No, no, not canceling, but…”
"You are gorgeous, unbelievably gorgeous." He slid his hands under Sherlock's jacket to trace his thin back and started sucking small love bites into the side of his neck. "I thought so the first time I saw you on TV, every time you posted a photo online. And the first time I saw you in person you took my breath away." Sherlock was shivering and making small sounds of pleasure.
John finished the washing up and placed the last plate on the draining board. Drying his hands on a tea towel he watched as Sherlock arranged all the teas and other gifts in the cupboards, making sure the newly bought items mixed with the other boxes and jars, as if they'd already somehow been there. Fortified with dinner, scones and tea the man had finally relaxed and taken off his tweed jacket. And John was not about to tell him the back of his shirt was untucked.
“John, it's an exp…”
It was exceptional. He couldn't take his eyes away from the pianist's hands. The complexity of the composition and the absolute control of the man over the instrument.
"Sleep now." He did.
A cold nose and hot mouth started tracing over his hot naked skin. Neck, chest, for a long time and with tiny distressed bleats his extensively scarred shoulder, his armpits, and lower over his stomach. He let his hands return to glide over the velvet of the antlers as the buck explored his groin with pants of hot breath and swipes of tongue. He was beyond aroused, his thick cock spasming under the attention.
"Something to go with the wine."
A burning touch cut down his back. A sharp contrast to hand, tongue.
Soon they were settled in front of the fire, Sherlock happily nibbling on a plate of biscuits as he disparaged the car's top of the line sat nav and offered several very exhaustive ideas on the improvement of the British motorway system.
"In that case, I propose we discuss things properly. You say you are inexperienced? And yet you spoke about permission and chose to approach me by kneeling in front of me?"
A few hours sleep and, luckily, finally, a proper case with the Yard on the third morning. His brother had appeared in Lestrade's office looking concerned, the left corner of his lips pinched uncharacteristically. The royals then. He demanded a refund for the taxi and his wasted time. The blasted baroness and the polo match. Any man who wasn't a complete idiot could have deduced it in nine minutes. So Sherlock took three, which included several choice expletives.
Oh. He was an idiot, a transparent pitiful idiot.
"I'm not very good at this. Miserably bad actually. All spastic and vulgar tweets and all. Inappropriate, aggressive, needy. We really are the most wretched bunch, classical musicians. Obsessed with things the rest of the world doesn't care about, out of fashion and out of sorts. Autistic and locked away in our practise rooms, wanking at our pianos..." He coughed. "And I saw that woman and... really, there was no comparison. Why would you take me home when..."
"Oh, I'd rather you let me help with the buttons."
He sighed. Underneath it all, pure lust was eating away at his calm. And not only that, but the much more than that he kept at bay for now, unacknowledged, or just barely so.
Now, no dramatics, Watson. "There are two jars of my honey in here. You can compare seasonal harvests..."
"You may speak."
Lazy. Hardly a word he’d use to describe himself.
John woke to the sound of the shower. It was a bright, sunny morning. He'd slept through the night. And Sherlock was still here.
"Beautiful."
They stood at the back of the Land Rover and John, hands crossed on his chest, surveyed the large overpacked boot, suitcases and boxes filling the space. "You've brought an armchair?"
He slowly pushed the sphere of ice past his lips and allowed it to chill his tongue before closing his eyes, biting down on in and breaking it with his teeth. Serene.
"You are a mystery John Watson. And I want to unravel you." As he spoke he leaned down until John could feel Sherlock's breath on his own mouth. He bit at the skin of his bottom lip and with a groan Sherlock kissed him.
"Yes, of course. But, I thought..."
One more, much harsher bite on the soft inside of his thigh and he felt on the brink.
A rush of semen filled his mouth as a wild roar broke above him.
Sherlock sat down and reached for the cup as he rummaged through the drawers.
"Kneel for me, John."
He felt the man above him shift, heard him curse, and with immense joy felt his prick push roughly into his mouth.
"That'd be nice, yes."
Feeling a bit foolish, he was thinking of getting another drink and walking over to say hello to some French colleagues when he saw Dr. Holmes make a beeline towards him. John froze.
"Was the drive tiring?"
The man smiled and pulled him closer almost bringing John onto his lap, then reached for a glass.
"Stop grinning you idiot. There was no need to provoke him, you already had the evidence." John sighed and brushed a thumb across the opposite cheek. "It will bruise quite badly. No headache?"
And Sherlock smiled back. He took a moment to pour them more tea, aware he was getting aroused just from the small cues John was conveying. Still, no rushing.
His bedtime routine quickly over John stood by the bed, fresh pyjamas laid out by the pillow. Right. He changed quickly, back to Sherlock, in the low light of the banked fire. Then crawled deep under the warm duvet.
Fuck.
"I do."
"Yes." He set his own cup down and placed both of his palms on his thighs to steady himself.
John looked at his anxious expression and moved to take both Sherlock's quivery hands in his. "Do you want this, want me?"
“Are you demanding my attention just now?”
"Shall we continue?"
His mouth fell open silently.
"Is that safe?"
John growled. 'As changes of topic go, this one was SUBTLE. GOOD NIGHT.'
"Sherlock?"
The weight of one large warm hand on the nape of his neck. Solid, present. A promise. This, just this. John felt himself sink into an incredible calm, at once present in the moment and floating out of the constraints of his needy body.
The trust behind it. The commitment.
"Oh, look at you." John sighed. "Would you like to come in, dry off?"
Just perfect.
The past months' long hours of daylight had turned into messy pages of fast written short stories he still needed to edit, so John spent most evenings sat by the fire and chewing on the end of his pencil.
"Yes." John sighed, smiled widely. Then closed his eyes and let his chin lower to his chest.
'Enjoying the luncheon in honor of my fellow writers, trading tips: https://www.facebook.com/events/367... #amwriting #writingtips'
"You spent a night in a hotel with him..."
The nurse addressed John. "I am sorry, but we only allow family members..."
In between swirling more honey from the dipper onto his toast, biting enthusiastically, humming, smacking his lips and licking his fingers - a display John couldn't take his eyes off - the man attempted to speak. "... for the winter. And young queens, I assume, yes, of course, a pragmatic man like yourself..." More licking and smacking. "... last year's spring blossom honey crop was outstanding, I've been informed. And the summer clover and brambles..." Nope, not dementia, not an eating disorder, and hardly lack of access to shops selling honey in London. "... its anti-bacterial, anti-viral and anti-fungal properties..."
Please.
He dreaded whatever it was John would now share. “Yes?”
John tried to appear casual as he shifted in the armchair aware his arousal must be apparent. "I didn't want it to be transactional. It was, is, always about chemistry with me." Dr. Holmes regarded him coolly and he bit his lip, painfully. No fear.
"Really? Anything?" Oh, fuck. The dangerous smirk and the low voice. He was now fully aroused.
Sherlock Holmes'
Sherlock adjusted the 'cheap wool-acrylic' blanket Molly, the village fishmonger, had gifted John as a thank you for helping out with her three sons. It seemed a scrape, cut or sprain were daily occurrence in the household, with a broken bone or two once in a while. Brave woman. And gifted crafter. It was a lovely blanket.
Touch.
He'd collected and dried seeds of his favorite peppers and tomatoes, in the larder boxes of old compost hid carrots and beets for the winter, one wooden beam hung with braids of garlic and onions, shelves were full with jars of the autumn's bounty. Pear and damson jams, applesauce, medlar jelly and, a rare indulgence, elderberry liqueur that he'd leave to extract for at least two months, a solid drink reminiscent of tawny port wine for the colder nights to come.
Sherlock pulled John up onto his lap and cradled the short, shivering, incredible man in his embrace.
“No.”
Sherlock smiled and pulled him closer almost bringing John onto his lap, his hands braced on Sherlock's thighs, then reached for the glass.
"Ice play? With anal penetration?"
John choked.
He moaned openly and pushed back. The hand on his ankle gripped hard.
'The hotel was truly a brilliant idea John. Thank you, once more. - SH'
And John simply dropped to the floor on all fours with an exhale and crawled to press his face against one knee.
A week passed before John had another nightmare. This one shook him even earlier, it was still dark out. He struggled unsuccessfully for half an hour or so but could not shake off the lingering terror, could not get back to sleep even with the soft sound of rain falling. Right. A fire and tea and breakfast and all would be right.
“I’m glad you approve. The Trotting Mare down the street was booked for a stag night.” And a wink!
There was no fretful talk in the morning. Well, John did insist on the bowl of oatmeal, ground flax seed had been mentioned, bribing him with a spoonful of honey. But this was a weekly or fortnightly occurrence, accompanied with brief commentary on diet and fibre and healthy weight. Sherlock typically tuned it all out. Now he listened with care.
Everything fell away and all that remained was incredible focus on the trail of that tongue that worked and worked him.
John giggled and Sherlock felt the tremors of his strong, compact body.
"Hey, hullo!" John grinned widely.
John yanked the door on the passenger's side open and shone the light into the car's cabin. A single person, a rather disheveled looking man wrapped in several scarves as if wearing a turban, gripping the wheel. "Well obviously," he let his irritation show, "you can't stay here in this storm! Follow me to the house! Come on it's bloody freezing!"
Right.
Was his John unhappy? Did he feel resentful, uncherished? Did he feel bored with it all? The surgery, the shopping, the bills and taxes and recycling of paper and chemical stains on the kitchen table and… and… Would he just leave one day?
Offered another drink of water and then coaxed slowly onto his feet, John was supported by strong arms.
John felt embarrassed. "Is it not... demanding?"
A quote from page 27 with a screaming emoticon.
A serial killer.
He carefully replaced the letter into its envelope and stowed it in the inside pocket of his jacket.
"Yeah, I should be practising more, not wanking to the photo on the back cover of..." He laughed hysterically and pointed ahead. "Yeah... just around the corner now. Last chance to escape."
“Correct.”
A continuation of our domestic bliss & comfort fest dear readers... fluffy fluff fluff.
And then with one more swipe of that ruthless tongue between his spread buttocks John fell further.
Deep affection. Beyond what he knew before.
'On the bus, almost home, unfortunately. Rain check?'
"So, you'll finally join me for breakfast?" He giggled.
“Your physique? You are breathtaking. My last attempt at a full day’s restraint with you… barely lasted until lunch time. I have never experienced such intense desire… I find us uniquely suited to each other. And there is nothing I want more in life than to care for you.”
John felt his face redden even more and looked down at his own hands on the laptop's keyboard. "I do listen to music when I work."
"The car is ready?" John managed in a slightly shaky voice.
John did, messily and shamelessly, loudly. Sherlock pushed deeper while reaching with his other hand to at last envelop John's engorged cock. John was almost sobbing with desire.
After a while he'd felt tired and so he sat on a nearby bench. He was in Regent's Park. It was early, just after dawn. A man walking a dog, several runners, one who looked at him with alarm. He closed his eyes to think in peace.
"I can't imagine how you do it, come up with the plot, make the characters feel so real."
Three days later Sherlock's phone was still off and, after a call to the hotel, John found out he'd checked out.
'You enjoyed your brief visit to London but have no wish to live in a large metropolis.' - SH
"Come here." John moved towards the wall and gestured to the space next to him.
As tender, rouge, seducing hands slid down his sides and up his back and neck in repetitive motions, sleep finally pulled at his consciousness. Sherlock pressed his chest and face to warm, naked skin.
"Oh, I'm sure every male figures this out early on. Not everyone has the same... drive, though. Different people, different habits."
An exceptionally deep sensual voice. "You are to follow every command, speak only when given permission. The exception is if you want something to stop. You will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately. Understood?"
"I have a deadline Thursday, will have to push for it. This heat will slow me down. So, call you before next weekend?"
"Nothing to be embarrassed about, perfectly normal." John was using his 'considerate doctor' voice and Sherlock took another sip of tea.
A difficult case. A curious post-mortem. An exhausting chase. And a tiresome press conference to attend.
"You can't do this. You can't panic every time I shake hands with another person."
"You know, you could come and watch."
Then back home to a quiet evening supper. As he preferred it.
Settling into bed together was easy. Sherlock pulled him into an embrace with the most satisfied exhale and John just sunk into his arms.
"Alright, alright, come here."
He knew he couldn't communicate what he felt, he knew his emotions were misplaced, inappropriate, a reflection of his own projection of who Sherlock was. As he wrote he felt a bit nauseous. And still, he couldn't help himself.
"Is that safe?"
The man exited the car and trampled awkwardly, slipping and sliding with one hand on the vehicle, through the snow to reach John. A tall idiot. Without hesitation John grabbed a wrist and started pulling him along towards the house.
Sherlock spilled some tea on his jeans and cursed.
"The toccata, the bit on the CD you brought for me to sign, next to my number?" Sherlock stretched his arms in front of him with a sigh, adjusted his glasses. "Yeah, excellent seduction technique on my part there..."
Several great reviews were out and all was ready for another book signing in two days. He was amused by the contradiction between the neatly scheduled arrangement of pages and dates on one side of life and the chaos of his inner turmoil on the other.
"You are an apiarist?" His voice was hushed.
“…aah.”
He caught Sherlock's wrist.
John finished his tea pulling his jacket on, concerned he was running late and would Sherlock text about dinner, thai takeaway perhaps, were they out of digestives or milk, something about the power bill. He then left for the surgery.
Three fucking times.
“Stop that, you’re making me dizzy.” John was attempting to read the paper with his feet stretched out in front of the blazing fire, a half-drunk cup of tea by his side.
John complied slowly. Jacket, shirt. Revealing a sturdy build torso, some blond chest hair and extensive scarring of one shoulder. Interesting. And something to take into consideration. Shoes, socks, neatly set by the bed. His hands were shaking. Trousers and pants. Robust thighs, more dark blond hair, and a thicker than average and very erect cock. He was absolutely beautiful and Sherlock took a while to just look at him.
Well, the storm brought more adventure than John dared anticipate.
It was now clear he was allowed to watch, but wouldn't be allowed to satisfy his need to be touched. He was handed a soap in the large shower.
"Come and kneel for me, John."
"But since then I realised this was a misunderstanding on my part."
He felt the rest of his garments removed but barely paid it any attention. The serene and reassuring touches that progressed over his whole body, fingers tracing muscle, hair, joints of his calves and thighs.
At first he wasn't sure. His hearing was no longer as sharp. But there it was again. A repetitive noise. The belt of an engine? He cracked open the window slightly letting in a gust of wind to hear better. Yes, something, someone was out there.
"I am a very patient man John. To a point."
More bites of food. A slow rhythm of touches just a tad too tender. He was swaying, still allowed to press his fingers into robust muscle, still allowed short empty thrusts.
Fuck.
Without a word he slammed the door closed.
He never did. In fact he seemed bored.
Sherlock himself had become a devotee of John's orgasms.
“Tell me that bit about attracting pollinators again, love.”
John looked slightly dispirited as he rubbed one thigh with the palm of his hand. "Of course."
"Hm."
Sherlock set down his own cup and took John’s hand.
“Agreed, bed.” John chuckled.
Finally, as soon as it was acceptable, he excused himself and while getting up looked straight at the man and nodded once.
“I see.”
They sat in the two armchairs across from each other.
"Have I chosen the wrong things?" His voice was tight.
"Hm."
He couldn't resist kissing him on the lips.
A cool murmur of water and the fresh smell of grasses and elderflower. And so peaceful. He couldn't help and smile as he looked up into the lavish treetops, leaves whispering in the softest breeze.
Lestrade called just before noon. An apparent customer grievance that turned into a violent attack on an employee of a global telecommunications company. They had the woman listed as a difficult customer, frequent technical issues and late night complaints.
His hand was awkwardly jammed under his prostrate body, the front of his pyjama bottoms and the sheet under him cooling wetness.
Sunday. They’d had a late night. Which meant he had quite some time before John would wake. No complaints of ‘being analysed like a bloody crime scene’ and reprimands his attention was ‘a bit not good’. As a medical professional, and one that spent a significant part of his adult life in the military, John was truly at ease with bodies. It was intense scrutiny of his own form he found uncomfortable.
Sherlock looked more and more amused. "You swept your torch methodically surveying the vehicle, as if a hostile might jump out, not to mention your stance and haircut betray habits adapted some decades ago." He smirked. "And how else to explain the smell of gun oil? Were you a hunting man there'd be more fur and less," he fingered the blanket with a scowl, "cheap wool-acrylic blend in here."
John growled. 'As changes of topic go, this one was SUBTLE. GOOD NIGHT.'
John smirked. "So, the MI6 now arrests doughnut delivery men in central London?"
"The duvet? I've had it for years." John yawned and closed his eyes.
“She was the only other person who had access! She chose the dreadful noise… music in the salon! It was the owner’s mother!”
He spent the next two nights in his own bed contemplating its faults. The laundry service he used had precise instructions on the starching and ironing. The scent was somehow off.
That small smile. "That would be grand. There is a new place near you, with a garden, I haven't been there yet, supposedly it's good."
He was able only to pant in pleasure. Eyes and cheeks wet, mouth open and drooling.
“Listen, I… should not have mentioned it. The dinner was exceptional, really. And you. I’ve had a wonderful time… I just wanted to say, if you’ve been rethinking… If this was the reason…”
"There are places one can go to meet like minded people. And these days the internet, of course."
A stark contrast to his own worn and patched corduroys, the cheap paperback novel he held in his lap, the pair of wellingtons drying off by the door, the country house itself with its frayed carpet, chipped tea cups, whistling wind.
"And the work?"
No need to disturb John just because he had no wish to lie in that bed. So he played a composition they both found soothing. Andantino. And yet his heart raced.
“John?!”
Sherlock proceeded to run his hands over as much of John's body as he could reach. Avoiding one key spot, of course. Hips, thighs, running his fingers slowly over the soft honey-colored hairs. Kneeling on one leg he wrapped his hand firmly around one ankle and leaned down to lick a wide stripe across the instep of John's foot.
"I asked if you'd like to eat first because it is obvious you rushed here. I'd say a difficult day at the lab, then briefly home, quick shower, shave? Your hair is still damp. You arrived without a bag."
"Yeah, really well. And you stayed."
It was at once extraordinarily stimulating and still comforting. Perfect.
Sherlock pulled him in for a long kiss.
Sherlock was fucking terrified.
"Come to me." Dr. Holmes gestured towards the floor with his hand.
More.
And as he took off his shoes and jacket, setting the phone and CD next to his laptop, the doorbell rang.
He spent the evening feeling miserable. How did he fuck this up? Should he have said no to the interview? He didn't even have his phone number. And they had never exchanged any direct messages. He kept picking up his phone and setting it back down unsure what to do. Perhaps Sherlock reconsidered, or had his fun and ran.
I’d like you to press the heel of your left hand even lower John. Just like I’m stepping on your cock with my foot.
One long finger reached for him and John followed its path.
Tips of fingers moving through his hair. Slow, steady pressure. And again. Unwavering strokes against his scalp, skin of the back of his neck. Measure of breaths. Calloused fingertips. Moving against skin. Stroke, and again. Again. He shivered. Then settled back with a sigh. A repeating pattern. A caress. And again. Warmth. Breath.
And John gave him one of his most dazzling smiles. “Not bringing the laptop, nope.”
John was smiling which helped as Sherlock suddenly questioned his carefully thought-out plan. He made a show of straightening the stake of the metal sign.
Much like the man who stood, eyes closed, in the center of the room and played.
"Come here."
"Oh... with?"
“Thank you, John.”
“I’m so sorry… so sorry… please…”
John.
And after all that John blushed a still deeper red. His voice was hoarse. "Bed?"
"Come on sexy, shower, now."
"No! That was the one time John!"
Nothing.
“Yes, yes, of course.”
"Perfect, so perfect."
His heart was beating rapidly. He typed in his address.
After a while, John nodded.
"Excuse me?"
"Suck now."
He sniffled, with some embarrassment. “I could… try… beer.”
They looked at each other for a few moments, Sherlock focused and calm, John vibrating with anticipation and clear joy.
John had used the word yesterday afternoon as they lay on the sofa and watched the ridiculous spy film; he’d stopped pointing out its plot inconsistencies, as well as some concerning misunderstandings about basic physics, four films ago. Although he did enjoy referencing one or two key characters when dealing with Mycroft, with predictable response.
Sherlock settled him close and leaning down kissed the back of John's leaning head, his neck, and through the damp shirt his shaking shoulders.
There had been the first photographs in the press, some with quite outrageous headlines announcing ‘a secret wedding’ and ‘triplets by surrogate’. He’d watched to see if any of it would upset John, but although he never brought it up in conversation the blogger did clip two of the more flattering photographs and had suck the clippings in a thin paperback he placed under the skull on the mantel. A memento mori of sorts?
Touch was a constant possibility.
He let his fingers sink into the thick silky fur down the buck's lower back and he was met with a flinch of a fluffy tail. He wrapped a hand around it eliciting a roar the sound of which brought him to full arousal. He ground his clothed erection unabashedly into a furry thigh and found himself on his back in the middle of the flower-strewn nest with an aroused, wild-eyed buck over his body, caging him in with hooves, arms, lowered antlers.
"How can you...?" He sighed. Eyes still closed. "I was."
"Oh, I don't know. Compensating for a boring life, maybe? They say writers write to decipher the life around them, things they cannot explain away. Or, I guess, need to spend years trying to explain to themselves."
He'd woken to sounds from the kitchen downstairs and John's shirt crumpled next to the pillows. Had he dressed for work as Sherlock slept nearby? One of the dresser drawers had been opened, the one holding John's frightfully unmatched disarray of socks.
"John?"
Sherlock had tweeted about his new book. Again.
'Of the clover?'
Fuck.
"Not as such, no."
It took him a moment to catch his breath. He looked down at John, pink skin and sweaty from the exertion, hair disheveled, face and stomach covered with semen. He was smiling, seemingly in complete bliss. Sherlock felt improbable affection in that moment.
It took only nine minutes. Nine.
Sherlock yawned, again.
The younger sister’s trench coat was recovered, the blood matched, arrests made.
“A good working week?”
John stood in front of the bookshop for a while, thinking Sherlock might have left to get a snack or something and might be back any minute. After a while it was clear he had gone.
And suddenly it felt even more so.
“Slate dust suspended in resin, I believe.”
Curling the smaller hand in his he brought the knuckles to his lips, his other hand settling firmly on the back of John's neck.
A few moments and the door opened.
What was that? Was he dreaming, hallucinating? Lack of quality sleep, or?
It had been a rather fun case. Started off as a tedious murder between sisters. Became interesting when the man he suspected as their spurned lover turned out to be a tragically bullied third sibling.
He'd slipped, that was all. "It was an accident."
"For me?" John gestured to the flowers.
Unfortunately - since when had the Work not been his priority?! - the interrogation of the morning instead included an anxious alcoholic, a man directly responsible for dozens of young women from Eastern Europe winding up without their passports, addicted to heroin, and confined to the walls of an illegal brothel.
“I… I’ve made a donation in our names. It doesn’t have to be public, but if you agree the label will be engraved.”
"And how do you spell that..."
"John..."
John looked up to see a familiar gray-haired figure poking out the upstairs window, a curtain billowing around him.
It was great fun. Four of them from the old crowd made it, a shrinking number with every year as family and work and geography made it difficult to share a drink and reminisce over old anecdotes. John felt twenty again.
John looked over his thin frame. "Seriously? Well, ok."
“You seem to be a regular here.” If there was anyone John knew who looked at home with a cut crystal glass in hand…
"That'd be nice, yes."
"You are quite... extraordinary."
"Plans for the week?"
"Put your hands on the keyboard. As if to write something."
He paced the sitting room, agitated, tired. He picked up the violin but remembered John had gone to bed. Remembered... as if John's presence in that inexplicably inviting bed was not something he was acutely aware of. Constantly.
“I’d like to devote myself to you, John.”
Oh, fucking hell.
Muddy boots, shovel, fork, gloves. Fine. It was all...
John was practically humming with arousal. He needed to calm down or this would end too fast to leave either of them satisfied.
“Is it…” Sherlock felt a choking deep in his throat, he barely managed one wheezy word, “… enough?”
“I’ll always follow, love.”
A residue feeling of pleasure and comfort washed over him. A longing. And he panicked.
"The bodybuilder."
"Oh, thank you." Sherlock nodded.
“Yeah, it’s fantastic, actually.”
Sherlock smiled proudly, "I'm glad it is to your taste. Yes, let's have some."
Will fresh linens mean Sherlock's banishment from John's bed? Was it a sign of conclusion?
He manoeuvred John gently to lie down with his head in Sherlock's lap, facing him. John was clearly at ease now. If very aroused. And certainly the food and wine had helped. To ask to be denied, how exceptional.
Sherlock kept shifting on the sofa, involuntarily scratching at his elbows and back of thighs.
He was now openly moaning, being manhandled into position by sure hands.
He'd had a good night's sleep, the physical exertion had helped. He stretched his sore arms and back and walked to the kitchen stove to start the fire. He was about to cut up an apple into his oatmeal when he heard a small sound from the porch.
John set the bottle amongst the other things on the table and poured the tea for both of them. Pushing one cup towards Sherlock he sat down and nodded towards the man to do so himself.
"Come, let's lay on the bed."
"John?"
“Yes.”
John held onto his cup firmly, afraid he might reach over the table if he let go.
"It was exceptional." He looked at his plate and wondered if the breakfast was a polite goodbye. He didn't want it to be.
Arms uncrossed, then crossed again. “Good, because if you have and you’re keeping me on my feet running around London looking at pieces of rock just for the sake of…”
John looked content and sleepy. He shifted him on his side and, shucking off his stained trousers and shirt quickly, laid down next to him and pulled John into an embrace.
"I'd like to position you now."
A successful scientist, a man known for his precision, dedication, fairness by his colleagues and subordinates at work. But that was all work. Had he spent too long alone to satisfy an extraordinary man like Dr. Watson?
'Unsalvageable. - SH'
Eyes still down, voice just slightly unsteady. "Yes, you have my permission."
"Impact?"
"That was amazing... quite amazing." John sat back down, grinning.
He stood up in a rush of excitement. A full 24 hours wait ahead of him. Fuck.
“To indulge your arousal?”
"There is no rush tonight. We can finish our wine and rest." He slid a hand down to grasp John's constrained erection with just a bit too much force. "And in the morning I'd like to discuss discipline play."
Beautiful. Brilliant. Extraordinary.
"How do you manage? Without a score, I mean?"
Sherlock sat in his armchair and closed his eyes, a couple of hours to sift through some information he might need to reference in the future...
"That was lovely." John gestured towards the remains of the meal stretching his arms over his head and yawning. "Thank you for cooking." He got up and helped wrap up and put away the leftovers. "Do you want me to make you some camomile?"
John used to favor summer as the colder months aggravated his injured shoulder. He loved strenuous garden work and the crop that was starting to come in - lots of greens, peas, early potatoes. He foraged in the woods for dandelion greens, morel mushrooms, wild garlic, and once or twice a week he swam in the nearby stream.
And finally, just as John was about to leave his desk and get ready: 'tie or no tie? come on twittersphere, desperate for tips #firstdatepanic'
"Did you have lunch at least?"
“My… physique. She left. After a mortifying dressing-down. Yeah… I was still somewhat weak after my accident, my shoulder was a mess, and she had her sights on suspension… Gave up that website…”
“But, John…”
The buck brought the bunch to its face and rubbed a cheek against it. Still, it looked very unhappy.
"Yes, yes I would."
"Have you had dinner?"
The tea was the perfect ratio of assam, water, milk and sugar. So, John wasn’t mad at him. He always put a bit less sugar when he was. And there was the one occasion with no sugar at all, Sherlock cringed at the memory.
He was lost at what to do.
He smiled.
"Again, not certain of your... preference."
"You'll have to teach me how to tend the fire John."
I am going to sit more comfortably John. Spread my knees a bit. Let my other foot slide down to your stomach.”
Beauty is a construct based entirely on childhood impressions, influences and role models. And yet, Sherlock was quite sure of the fact that John Watson was the most beautiful human being alive. And the low, husky snore had a certain auditory appeal.
John took his hand and gave it a small squeeze. And Sherlock did not let go enveloping the smaller fist with his long fingers.
"My kitchen." John laughed and was rewarded with a kiss he felt to his core.
Three months since John moved in. And with him, of course, George the cat and John's vinyl record collection and his pile of mismatched "but they're all black it doesn't matter" socks. He'd mixed the socks with his own neatly folded ones. And had worn them, too.
“Were you embarrassed about my behaviour, my appearance?” He ran a hand through his still damp hair. “It was an act, for the case, the Brazilian cultural attaché will appreciate us uncovering the truth beyond the deception. The statues will return to their rightful place in the museum.” He attempted a joke, and a smile. “I am fairly certain there is a bottle of cachaça with our names on it.”
He took several calming breaths. Why, why did he say anything?! Things were going so well… Was he drunk?! Idiot, idiot…
He moaned into the musky fur and thrust up impatiently.
The days were increasingly warmer and Sherlock had mostly recovered but stayed at the hotel.
He dried off his hair as he looked over the selection of clothes carefully laid out on his bed. Should he wear a tie?
Sherlock could not take his eyes off him. Even slightly nervous he radiated anticipation, joy even.
"Try this." Sherlock brought the olive to John's lips, watching as they parted, a glimpse of tongue, and pushed it gently into that attractive mouth, the tips of his fingers lingering on the lips.
At least the husband was slightly entertaining. An actor, apparently of some renown. And not just reality television. There were various polished statues lined up on a mantle, plus a prominently displayed ribbon of one or other of the chivalric orders. The irritating young constables, of both sexes, kept ‘being helpful’, but even Lestrade had straightened his overcoat collar three times and stood just a step too far from the man as he pointed out details, nodding seriously.
Five days had passed since the book signing and their meeting. Since then Sherlock had mentioned his book three times.
As he drank his tea John set about preparing a quick pasta with pesto cream sauce and cherry tomatoes. Sherlock said a little about the whole segregation patterns mess. And they started the meal.
"Oh, yes, a good scrub sounds... nice." John was nudging him with his foot under the table and, incredibly, even now, Sherlock blushed. And got up to clear the table slightly embarrassed.
He ignored the inane cover illustrations, all muscled chests and windblown hair, lettering in gold and lilac. And the titles… Words like ‘tender’, ‘savage’, ‘rogue’, ‘seduced’. He ignored how, improbable as it was, the vapid vocabulary made him blush.
He was just settling down in the armchair in front of the fire to relax for the evening when the radio started crackling and breaking off into static. The howling wind must have damaged the aerial. It was an old, bent piece of wire mesh and long overdue for a contemporary replacement. With a groan he got up to switch the receiver off and walked the few steps to the window to peer into the snow swirling in the near darkness.
John checked the time on his mobile. "Listen... Sherlock... We really need to discuss..." He stood up and started towards the sitting room to get his things. "Or, are you joking?"
He hadn't slept in days. Hadn't eaten. Well, there had been coffee and John shoving that sandwich into his hand yesterday with an eloquent grunt.
"I'll stay in, thank you." He nudged John with his foot. "You may model the shorts prior to the match, though..."
He shut the door and pulling his boots off realised the conversation was still ongoing, Sherlock, one scarf trailing from hand onto the floor, in the middle of something about winter cleansing flights around the hive. He laughed. The ridiculous man. And just minutes ago it seemed as if he'd never seen a hive up close.
"Motorcycle?"
After being thrown out by an irritated Lestrade he decided to take a walk. Walks could be conducive to analysis of data that demanded his attention.
"Here we go."
Had he misread something? Had he not offered the control, the pleasure, the care to the best of his capabilities?
John had been sleeping. It was just past four in the morning. The man needed something to occupy himself, he needed to return to his flat, his work, his life. He needed to let John sleep!
As he led Sherlock to his bedroom and the bed itself, John was astonished this was really happening. They sat side by side on the bed and Sherlock raised his hands to unbutton his shirt. John looked at his pale fingers.
Stretching to look up at the gorgeous man he couldn't help smiling. Dark curls framed a relaxed expression. He felt incredibly happy, electrified. Yesterday's agitation and fear had given way to sublime calm.
"I'll go on patches."
More coughing and a small sniffle. "I... John... Yes! Of course!" There was some noise in the background and a few garbled words. "John, I am taking the cab now. Thank you, that was brilliant! Let's chat tomorrow!" And the call ended.
Sherlock set the dipper down, his face reminiscent of a gawking child. "We could?"
It was fine.
John looked at the energetic man and got up to find his phone. "All right." He took a photo of Sherlock. "I can delete it if you mind. I won't share it."
He set his backpack down on the corner of a sofa missing part of its stuffing and followed the man through the open sliding doors into a kitchen.
His gun hand. The hand he'd earlier used to...
What followed was a whirlwind of a day.
"I understand. And I am ready."
John smirked, and finally looked up at him. “Only you can find dance music with elements of cannibalism. And only you have to shake off a famous lingerie model.”
"You came directly here."
Sherlock whispered, pulling far too gently, sliding his thumb over the glans. "Since I first saw you you've been staring at my fingers." John licked and sucked harder. "And every time I thought about what they could do to you, John."
He was already so close but he really needed to shift the dynamic between them.
"Yeah, it was very good." He snickered into the kiss. "Much better than the morning alarm. Will recommend it online."
He sat on the sofa with his tea. "Nope. Don't need to work this morning, nothing on today but an afternoon Skype meeting." He stared at the impressive, sensitive, mercurial man wondering around his flat while tugging one rolled-up sleeve and fidgeting with his glasses. John wondered how he got so lucky. "So, what is the post-concert day like?"
"Should we work on your patience today?"
We are all inspired by others... Need
He was about to get up and return to his room to do some reading away from this bunch of idiots when his eyes met the gaze of Dr. Stamford, his department head. The man, surrounded by several colleagues from other universities, raised his glass and nodded.
"Fuck."
At least the perpetrator, a dreadfully boring and predictable pharmacist with a mediocre idea of ensuring more than one inheritance, had been arrested. So there was something to celebrate. Well, perhaps not for the families of the initial four victims.
The world shifted and he was on his back, his burning arse a sudden explosion of pain. Oh, more...
It was tilting its head to one side as it to display its decorated antlers, rubbing the scarf to its nose and cheek, coming closer to the glass of the door.
“Sorry, so sorry!”
It took a while. How long, he couldn't tell. John was on his back, Sherlock sprawled across his chest and fisting his shirt. An arm around his waist and a steady scrape of fingers against the base of his skull. He'd cried. John's shirt was wet under his face.
John nodded.
Sherlock fidgeted in the back of the taxi, John’s arms were crossed and hands unavailable. He tapped one finger on his bottom lip pretending to think about the case.
The sole of that large shoe firmly pinning his foot down, John watched as an elegant hand reached over the table and wrapped long, warm fingers around his wrist.
People had affairs. Even though they were involved with someone else. Was it boredom? Need for a life more exciting than a double monitor view of spreadsheets and flowcharts, the coordinated curtains and carpeting, the school run, the choice between thirty different low-fat yoghurts? Sentiment?
Three night ago he had a nightmare. The usual. Hands that reached to tear him apart, spittle on his face, humiliation and pain. But this time around the dream transformed. He was no longer alone. John was with him. And he was safe despite the threat.
He was doing well for Dr. Holmes. Small scratches at the back of his head and neck had John sink back into that wonderful feeling of being good, wanted.
An audible exhale. They both needed to calm down.
As the tea steeped John opened several more packages. Spices. Three kinds of chutney. Dates.
Two weeks. The other glove was carefully layered over a flowering willow branch. John went out and sat down on the bench next to it. He felt a strange and unfounded relief. It, that, it was real.
He imagined rubbing his face against socked feet. Oh.
"The fire?"
Feeling he may had overstepped he quickly leaned down to take off his boots.
And weekend mornings were not the often quick and efficient late night orgasms.
'how many personal secrets does one have to divulge to people selling linen sheets?!'
The imbecile! Sherlock jumped up from the sofa, dressing gown billowing and snatched the phone from John’s hand. He quickly scrolled through the messages.
"Are you hurt?"
Not timid, but uncertain he deserved the attention Sherlock was ready to bestow upon him.
Wondering about the Anders Hillborg composition? It's titled "Cold Heat",
"There are places one can go to meet like minded people. And these days the internet, of course."
Now, no dramatics, Watson. "There are two jars of my honey in here. You can compare seasonal harvests..."
Waking with a start he was disoriented for a moment. He moved to sit and in the pale light of the early morning he looked over the tall lean beautiful man lying next to him.
Sherlock snorted. "Mud and cold, John."
"I will take care of you."
Of course he was aware of the man's background, he'd become an expert on square-shouldered military bearing and only a blind idiot would have missed the three weapons, a handgun and two knives, the man held in the pockets of his jacket.
So, he raised one long thin finger and indicated first to the man's shoulder, then to the back of the chesterfield to make his point clear. "The leather. It's an almost perfect match, color, texture of creases." He returned the finger to press into the upper sleeve, surprised at the solid muscle just below the leather.
John was away at a conference. The flat was empty. Far too quiet. All the windows were tightly closed. The air stood still.
Sherlock pulled back to look at him, panting. "John... I'll fuck this up. I fuck everything up..."
He turned around for a full embrace and a long deep kiss.
John loved summers. But the noon hours dragged on.
Another sphere of ice starting from the ball of John's lovely foot, up the back of his leg and slowly pressed inside.
John was gesticulating with a parsnip crisp, in the middle of a very detailed account of a string of failed experiments. Sherlock offered a suggestion and John asked the waiter for a pen and started making notes on the crisp napkin.
He closed his eyes and tapped the phone against his raw lips. Fuck.
"I already got a ticket. For myself." John the stalker, yeah.
They looked at each other for a few moments and John felt the thrill of anticipation.
Loudly and violently John broke into a powerful orgasm.
And time was running out. Sherlock's concert was in two days. He had the ticket on the desk next to his laptop. On top of the unwrapped CD he had planned to take to the signing that followed the recital. Fuck.
John had changed the linens this morning and was now scrubbing the bath and humming a popular tune to himself, apparently relaxed and in a good mood. While Sherlock felt a drop of sweat trail down the middle of his back, now at the point of the curvature of the lumbar.
They'd gotten into bed last night without a second thought. John changed into his pyjamas and brushed his teeth, while Sherlock simply stripped down to his pants and crawled under the duvet, mumbling something, one sock still on.
"There is no rush tonight. We can finish our wine and rest."
After a few minutes of focused planning he set about preparing the things he'd need. He remade his bed, leaving the bedspread at the footboard, as well as some towels, and arranged extra pillows on the middle of it. On the nightstand he carefully placed a bottle of water and laid out the things he'd picked up the day before when he'd made his decision to approach the man.
Fingers drew patterns across his back, comforting him, tracing his vertebra, the edge of his shirt collar, running through his hair.
And the buck made the strange clicking sound and dropped an apple. It rolled towards John and he picked it up, set to cutting it into a bowl.
“You do understand Lestrade can not tolerate that kind of language in front of his team.”
And he must.
"Yeah, the first ones don't have the depth..." He shut up with a panicked look.
Yes, he was ecstatic they were alone. His coat could not hide everything and John knew the use of that word had a strong effect on him.
Might as well come out with it. “I… I didn’t want to say. I’d been here before.”
John was blinking and rubbing one eye.
The finger connected with his bicep and pressed. John gasped loudly. Fully and obviously erect now. He felt at once dizzy and determined to act. To be allowed to touch that pale skin, kiss that long neck... Please...
"You came. Of course you came. What did you think of the Scriabin? Mangled some notes there but I was nervous. Did good with Bach, though, right? Here, I should sign something, the crowd will get restless, probably riled up some gray heads with that last encore, right?" Crackling laughter and blinking eyes and an extended hand. John handed him the CD. "The Rachmaninoff preludes? Fantastic, John. Probably my best recording. Well, as good as can be with me thwacking the piano, right?" He then finally sat down gripping the CD and marker. "What should I write?"
“A wedding is, in my considered opinion, nothing short of a celebration of all that is false and specious and irrational and sentimental in this ailing and morally compromised world.”
Like the night before, there was a soft knock at the door. Sherlock smiled.
They had several hundred books to get through before the morning. Or there’d be another dead body in the morgue. He’d been unable to pinpoint the single book that would hold the single sheet of paper beyond locating it in the very tall and very full stack in the library - the handwritten formula of the bespoke toxin had accidentally been used as a bookmark by the suspect’s sister.
His lips were fondled, pressed into, kissed and bitten.
Back in his room he took off his shoes and socks, hung up his suit jacket in the closet and rolled his shirt sleeves up. He brought a towel from the bathroom and set it on the edge of the bedspread, placed a bottle of lubricant under one pillow. It was unlikely things would progress so far, but he liked to be prepared. Then he filled the water glass on the side table and put another opened bottle next to it.
No more fear. He took his phone out of his pocket and typed quickly.
"I can take a joke, you know." John pulled him in for a long and very sensual kiss. "I'm not going to run."
“To carve out dials quaintly, point by point, thereby to see the minutes how they run: how many makes the hour full complete, how many hours brings about the day, how many days will finish up the year, how many years a mortal man may live.”
Oatmeal. Socks.
Finally, moaning with delight, John sucked down.
There had been toast and butter, then more tea, while the used linens sat in a pile at the bottom of the stairs leading to John's room with several towels thrown on the top.
John tried his best, his body swaying slightly. The one point of contact, the hand on his cheek, reassurance. He felt held, and he felt free.
In moments, trousers and socks off, Sherlock was sliding under the covers next to John's sleeping form.
He woke up early, determined to leave yesterday's foolishness behind and have a good time. After a quick shower he was down for a large breakfast and a pot of tea as soon as the restaurant opened.
"Well, someone's doing alright for himself." Lestrade approached him.
He'd been truly blind, thinking only he was lost in need.
First nothing.
And without a second thought, John pulled the edge of the duvet down and said, plainly, "Come to bed."
He woke to the midday sun and looked around in a state of peaceful happiness.
They stayed like this for a while. Sherlock reaching to trace lines over John's shoulders and side. He was still very erect and the sight made Sherlock appreciate his complete pliancy even more.
And he did, shoes kicked off, careful not to shake the bed too much, pressing himself to John's side. John smelled of hospital, of strong disinfectant, of dirt and motor oil, of blood. Sherlock twitched.
He didn't dare look up as the man stepped away from him.
Another record-breaking hot day cooped up in the cabin at lunchtime. Too hot to eat. John stood sweaty over the sink pouring running water over his forearms and wetting his face and neck.
Fuck!
Faint but there.
An overweight and overly jolly physician soon entered the room clicking a pen. "Ah, Dr. Watson! Awake and causing a stir with your husband already, sending my toughest nurse running down the corridor!"
Certain John was asleep by now, Sherlock crept into the dark room, pulled the edge of the duvet down slowly, and settled on what had become 'his side' of the mattress.
The weight of one ankle on his own. He had a... thing, for want of a better word, for John's ankles and was initially embarrassed about it. Of course John did not, as he eloquently put it, "give a flying fuck" about any sort of embarrassment that would prevent Sherlock manhandling him in bed. Something the habitually stubborn doctor not only allowed but truly seemed to enjoy.
"John. You are impatient." He took a pause. "And so am I. Very much so. But am not a callous man. We will discuss some things first."
"Good morning," he was smiling, he couldn't stop smiling, "sleep well?"
The man was smiling, hands in pockets, chest out, rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet.
Sherlock showed a client in, pulled a chair from the kitchen. A tedious academic with a lisp and a complete misunderstanding of Muybridge's relation to industrialisation. He solved the case before the man had sputtered through his third digression. Then he deposited the man's cheque next to the power bill John had gravely placed in the middle of the kitchen table. The sum was more than adequate, threefold in fact.
"Yeah, the kind of accident that's textbook as a result of reduced motor performance and alertness..." John's voice was tight but his touch almost too gentle as he wrapped Sherlock's hand in gauze bandage.
He'd brought up the bags and left them in the kitchen. Sherlock hadn't moved and he sat next to him.
"The Science of Deduction, John! The archive!"
In the end he almost ran towards his building, hands full, panting, shoes wet as water streamed down the sidewalk.
"Hm."
"I am a very patient man John. To a point."
"Shhh. I'm here."
“Oh, this is… more than I expected. Not exactly a beer and some peanuts, is it?”
And stretched up to press his lips against Sherlock's.
John turned on his back, smiling happily. And finally, fucking finally, Sherlock did too.
He took just a few steps outside his door and started feeling foolish. The wind was positively howling, the cold harsh. The snow was already past his ankles and falling thick. And there was no one there. If he wasn't careful he'd slip and they'd find him frozen outside his doorstep. Wouldn't that be a story for the locals in the village pub. Struggling a bit with his gloves he switched on the torch and waved it in the direction of the road. Just in case.
Idiot indeed. He sighed.
Sherlock shifted once more to attain a more comfortable position where he lay on his back on the sofa. No, the top two buttons of the trousers he wore needed to be undone. It was unlikely his disguise had shrunk since he last used it. Had he not noticed weight gain?
Sherlock curled into himself more tightly on the sofa, his back onto the room, pointedly ignoring how empty it was.
He grabbed the phone and turned it in his hand to look at the numbers on the screen.
"No, no, of course not. They are wonderful gifts, Sherlock. You should have not spent so much, really."
"You sought a simple life."
(Rating is at "Teen and Up" now...)
'The perfect #summermorning - #Scriabin performed by @LPOrchestra.'
“They never made it this far.” His voice soft.
He didn’t wait for an answer and swooped in for a very thorough kiss. Sherlock was grateful they had the nursery to themselves as he could not refrain from a spot of undignified moaning.
"The new duvet will be delivered tomorrow."
It continued. The game.
Around them the forest returned to a drowsy hum of insects, leaves, water.
"I am never sharing you, never."
"Smells nice. Shall we have it?"
And then Sherlock froze.
"Why don't we take this to the sitting room."
"Oh..."
Suddenly, the composition finished, and Sherlock turned to him for a rougher than expected kiss, biting at his lips savagely as his right hand still stimulated his cock.
He rubbed his eyes, then looked down at a demanding erection and groaned as his head hit the pillow. This was ridiculous. When did he turn back into a horny teenager? For fuck's sake, last night's session in the shower should have taken care of it for a day, or even two.
Noise… noise!
An underdeveloped chapter that waited too long for a break in my schedule. And I so missed being away from these two. So I'm posting it as is.
The fire was still strong and the house warm. Sherlock, hands clenched at his back, wool socks, stood at the fireplace as if lost in thought. Cutting the vegetables and heating up a large pot of water John wondered how a person could disappear from their life, their home, with no one to ring and ask for them - the phone, once John had charged it, had kept silent.
There was now more and more work in the garden. The days were warmer. He went fishing and saw an osprey swooping onto the river in the distance. Village life went on. One of Molly's boys turned up one afternoon unannounced babbling about something or other over a cup of tea until some very direct prodding led to a lecture on female anatomy and the absolute impossibility of a horror film scenario that had kept the lad awake for a few nights.
He stayed sitting on the kitchen chair and holding his bandaged hand in his lap for over two hours. Then he climbed the stairs in a daze.
“And where are all my gloves, just got a fresh box?!”
John pushed a plate with two thick slices of rye-bread toast towards him. "Yeah, a gift from my sister. She means well. Told you it would fit you." He nodded towards the plate.
"You're doing so well." The deep voice whispered and John sighed softly at the praise.
He woke early expecting an upturned bowl and some apple cores on the porch.
John was excited. And terrified.
'The duration of the whole weekend? Very well. I expect you Friday evening. You know my address. - SH'
"I do love you."
And John simply dropped to the floor on all fours with an exhale, burying his fingernails into the carpet, and came to press his face against one of Sherlock's knees.
"You are mine. Only mine. I will take care of you John."
He was very tempted to just zip up this pair of trousers and wear them as planned for the day, seeing if anyone would remark on the several small spots on the right leg.
Gorgeous. And finally back.
"Wonderful, just wonderful."
Magnificent. And magical.
John sighed, bend down, slid his hand around Sherlock’s neck and touched his forehead with his lips. His voice was soft.
But not at all how he'd planned it.
They sat in the two armchairs across from each other. The sight of Dr. Holmes in an armchair, crossing his long legs, the leather of his oxfords. John remembered their first meeting. And felt immediate arousal.
And John smiled again. "Oh, did I wake you, with my thinking?"
With a huff Sherlock sat down. And they finished the tea, mostly in silence.
“Nope, no you’re not, you are in fact an unreasonable man.” John pulled him down for another thorough kiss. “But you’re my man.”
"Try this."
Back in his room he sat in a low armchair, jacket off and shirt sleeves rolled up, and read a journal. Well, attempted to read. His thoughts kept returning to the small, blond, embarrassed yet daring man who had simply offered himself. He closed his eyes and ran one hand through his thick dark curls. It had been a very long time since he'd indulged and lately he had been thinking about arranging an encounter. Perhaps, somehow, this man had read it in his demeanor.
Naked and held. Not just held, Sherlock was coming awake wrapped in John. The solid weight of the arm he always held him with, the heat and sweat of his skin. Puffs of his breath. He felt immediate comfort, joy.
John was lost on the brief but incredibly precise choice of wine and vintage that followed.
On his own, shirt wrinkled, wool socks and blanket dragging along the wooden floor, Sherlock shuffled to the bed and crawled under the duvet in his strange outfit.
"Or were you hoping for something more today?"
The waiter reappeared. And proceeded to fawn over Dr. Holmes, all hips and suggestive intonation. He was immediately sent away. John sunk into that piercing gaze, that smile.
John smiled.
"We could turn in early. I know you're exhausted. So... sleep."
Finally, John unwrapped a bottle of olive oil that must have cost a fortune, the glass resembling a crystal decanter. A real cork stopper.
Was he becoming lazy? He did sleep much more - more often and more hours in total. And was currently laying very still in bed at nine o’clock when for the majority of his life waking up meant jumping to action, not lingering and observing John’s laryngeal prominence in the rare morning sun, the stubbly skin, each hair a different shade ranging from platinum and steel-gray to blond and, surprisingly, auburn, the beat of his jugular vein, the beautiful violet bruising Sherlock was responsible for and John had not yet discovered, he could just match his lower incisors to one side of the outline…
Sherlock pushed one long finger in just a bit and John started grinding against it immediately, his very thick cock hitting the back of the hand Sherlock was now furiously working over his own. He had never been so aroused. The stunning man he straddled looked at him with such lust.
How… how could have he known. Oh, no.
“Please.”
Breath and kisses on the back of his neck.
John laughed with him. "Listen, if you think I might have an issue with something, just ask. All right?"
Sherlock curled into himself more tightly on the sofa, his back onto the room, pointedly ignoring how empty it was.
He was good, perfect.
He was an idiot. And to make it more embarrassing he felt his cheeks burn. The man must feel nothing but contempt for him now.
In fact, some outright amazing solutions. John couldn’t resist. As the waiter approached them to fill their glasses, he asked for a pen and started making notes on the edge of his serviette. His lap less of a crisis point at the moment.
"In the morning. We'll finish our meal now."
Calmed a bit Sherlock looked around. "But you have no speakers. Headphones?"
The location was thrilling. The case a simple matter of two employees cheating the company out of a miserly sum. The murder was a tragic accident. And as a result he watched an Estonian crew member grip the edge of John's sleeve and weep. An accident.
Every time he felt a bit unnerved he glanced at the abandoned tea cup and it settled him. Yes, it was definitely time to deal with this. He was an adult in a lively sexual relationship with a man who was caring and patient, as well as passionate. And who had seen him fully naked on just three brief occasions.
"A case, yes, it started with a..."
But mostly it was the long-limbed body wrapped around him, one hand reaching under his shirt, small huffs of breath against the back of his neck.
And then a whisper. "You were kneeling... when you were shot."
'Dr. Watson, would you perhaps have some free time this weekend? - SH'
"You are so lovely. Perfect. Perfect."
Something crashed inside and there was pounding of feet on stairs. The door swung open swiftly.
It had taken just two minutes too long under the lamps to overhear the suspect threaten someone over the phone, her choice of words confirming the source of the counterfeit dietary supplements with dangerous levels of mercury and cyanide.
"Just happy to see you again, just that." John nuzzled against the warm hand.
“Have you’ve not even moved since I left?” John appeared worried. Or was he angry?
"Oh..."
John walked up the stairs slowly. The door of his bedroom closed behind him.
Of course he’d recognised the ‘mysterious flower’. And that much blood was hardly indicative of a violent crime, whatever an overzealous sanitation worker thought.
“… no, there will never be enough, of you. Come here.”
He took a deep breath and felt one familiar ridge of skin. The phrase "a flying fuck" came to mind. Ridiculous. And so much like John. His nonchalant approach to life, home, food, rough sports and wet towels, unbrushed teeth and track marks that pocked Sherlock's arms and feet. Skin he kissed and sucked with no reserve. Incredible. Beautiful. The curls of unruly golden brown hair that covered his thighs and buttocks. The way he moaned when Sherlock licked into the most intimate crevices of his golden warm skin.
“You did hug a stranger in a botanical garden just now.”
So, armed with a very full glass he sat back down at his laptop.
John was now fifteen minutes late.
"Gorgeous. And perfectly posed for the spanking I promised you."
John grinned, leaned against his back and wrapped his arms around him. "Sounds so very good. I'm exhausted." He rubbed his face into Sherlock's back and huffed. "Missed you all day, love."
The fingers of the wandering hand twitched slightly and the warmth of the touch on the skin of his chest... He closed his eyes again.
The promise. John's breath stuttered into a sob against the man's shoulder.
"It's fine. Now, open the windows and let's dig out the piano. Maybe make some tea?"
Just a touch of pain, the briefest sting. So lovely.
"A nice nest you've got there." John chuckled offering the plate. "Breakfast?"
The hand tightened and he felt excitement.
"Yes."
Teasing touches slowly became gentle cuddles and long kisses. There was no rushing, none of the uncertainty of the early days.
“Sherlock, oh for fuck's sake… Look at me.”
Kicking off his shoes and leaving his bag and jacket on the edge of the sofa John walked up to him and leaned down for a kiss. His lips were cold and Sherlock felt the brush of his stubble. He pressed up into the kiss and brought his hands up to push them under John's cardigan.
"Twelve kinds?" There was humour in John's voice, the best kind, warm and eager.
"Motorcycle?"
"That you are," he nodded as if considering the thought.
"Comfortable?"
Oh, no.
And the way he touched him, cautiously, tenderly. As if John were something to be revered from a distance. Breathy kisses and shaky caresses. Never initiating and always with that slightly panicked look on his face.
Sharp gray eyes.
"Great... that's great." He grinned. "And you can't use a printed score in a recital, not cool. Unforgivable unless you're... Richter! Yeah! It's supposed to be all mastery and being one with the music. Muscle memory in the hands." John had no idea but nodded.
John thought of himself as an easygoing person who enjoyed simple things, didn't need much. Besides writing. Didn't like to complicate life more than necessary. He supplemented his income with a part-time copy editing job, wrote at least four days a week but usually daily. Lived frugally, went on morning runs, drank lots of tea, managed a date once in a while, listened to music.
"John?"
Sherlock had never been one to take walks in parks, but John favoured Regent's Park on Sundays and Sherlock found he did not mind how busy with people it was when John held his hand as they strolled.
Well, sensual titillation was not the extent of what he could provide for this exceptional man. And he was not shy to show it. He kissed one temple softly.
"Why don't you put these on and we'll go back to the flat, put the kettle on?"
"Being a doctor, I should have enquired about any medication..."
“I am, when this… these things are concerned, John. You dated women previously, only women…”
The view over the moor was spectacular with low but still bright sunlight over the fresh snow. A wonderful calm, no wind, no sound. John took several more deep breaths before following his guest inside.
Embarrassment.
He eyed the hallway with a scowl.
John...
He signed a book for Mike who thanked him. "And who should I make this one out to?" He looked at Sherlock who was running a hand through his unruly hair, his white shirt stretching over his thin frame. John couldn't take his eyes off those long fingers.
Spring was still some weeks away.
"Come in."
“The tube?”
Sherlock, coat, scarf and shoes still on, sat in his armchair and watched the empty one opposite. There was a cheap paperback on the side table and he reached for it. A thriller. Didn't John have enough thrills in his life with Sherlock? He started on the first page.
Finally, John heard tires on gravel outside and had to take a breath to calm himself.
"What about a takeaway?" John suggested as they were exiting the Museum.
Please, please...
He took a slow breath and continued. "I doubt you had more than a sandwich at lunch, if that. And it is important to me you are well and able to enjoy our time together." He took his glass and drained the rest of the water, then set it back. "John, we have time. I am not watching you faint from exhaustion tonight."
Sherlock felt deep affection. He carded his fingers through John's hair, scratched gently at the back of his neck, his shoulder, arm.
'Heating and covers?' And a hot meal, hopefully.
Soon he was wrapped up in flannel and wool, socks thicker than he'd usually wear and sleeves a bit too short.
"John... I'd like to apologize... in case it happens again."
John whimpered.
"Yes, please. John, you are an outstanding baker. The crumb of these scones, the level of moisture, just the right ratio of..." He reached for a third scone as John filled the kettle, then set it down on the table and jumped up from his chair.
In a daze he looked up to meet an attentive pair of eyes focused only on him and smiled brilliantly, lazily. A hand brushing through his hair. Gentle touches, scratches over his sensitive skin.
“John, I am an accomplished man. If I were to retire tonight I’d still have a career most of British academia can only dream of.”
He moved back to watch but still keeping one hand on the cheek. He won't take away the anchoring touch for the duration of their time together. They both needed it.
John watched his sleeping form in the mornings. He was devastatingly beautiful but somehow thought himself the opposite. Long, pale, naked limbs stretched out over the bed. Unruly, greying curls. Small hot breaths. One hand always, always grasping John's wrist or hip. As if anchoring him.
Sherlock momentarily disconnected from the world around him.
"But it can be salvaged?"
"I could get air conditioning?" Sherlock winked.
"Yes," Sherlock seemed to finally compose himself, "considerable family funds. And my brother and I have no heirs. And if I choose to buy some tea for the doctor who pulled me out of a stalled car in a, very possibly, fatal snow storm, and nursed me to health. Giving up your own bed for a stranger... John, I... while I am in mind to transfer several stately homes' deeds, I am well aware a good cup of tea might be more appreciated." He looked down into his now empty cup, as if embarrassed. "I am not very well versed in these matters. I may have misstepped."
"What suits me?" Sherlock divided the eggs onto two plates, then moved the plates to the table where a pile of toast was waiting.
He distracted himself with the violin for a while, whilst inevitably replaying the images of John's mouth, lips, tip of tongue.
Sherlock bit down a sob as he sat heavily on the edge of the mattress, pulling his hand back to his chest.
The taxi ride to Baker Street was short. And intense. He kept John close with both his hands wrapped around John’s. Never taking his eyes off the man who kept silent during the ride.
Spring was a busy time in the garden. Preparing the soil for planting after the thaw, planting peas, leeks, onions, potatoes. More would come as it got close to summer. John grew a simple garden and made simple meals. He could afford to buy all his vegetables but preferred not to have to go to town too frequently. And it was a way to stay fit, most of the rest of the day spent reading or writing.
"Feeling quite accomplished." He did sound pleased with oneself.
'221B Baker Street. - SH'
Remembering the gesture, John lifted up one corner of the quilt and rubbed it against his cheek. The buck's ears picked up and it took a small step forward.
It was the first time either of them spoke about it aloud and Sherlock was looking down at his shoes.
"I banged my knee. It'll go purple."
"It's alright..." His voice was low as he moved aside on the bed.
A feeling of warmth overcame him. Need, longing.
Attending this conference and giving a paper about his research had been a condition of the department signing off on an order of a piece of lab equipment he had already waited too long for. He sighed and sunk back into the leather seat. He could feign one conversation, make sure Dr. Stamford noticed, then excuse himself supposedly to get another drink but really to escape to his room.
"How are you, John?"
He'd failed and he didn't even know how.
"And the private cases? The ones that... bring in money?"
Sherlock was far to gentle, the single apprehensive fingertip, but it was a start.
"Well, better see the place at its worst light before moving in. Isn't there a proverb about that?"
"Did you write anything today?"
Sherlock made a pain-stricken face. "This... This is a bespoke suit, John. One does not scrub it in the kitchen sink with dish soap!"
John had agreed to stay the weekend. With an understanding they'd share several sessions. With an understanding a separate bedroom was available to John if he wished to rest on his own.
"My patient boy."
“Or are you more of a game man, John?” One raised eyebrow.
"I hope you don't mind tea. I don't have any coffee."
And rung the doorbell feeling euphoric.
He leaned down and placed a small kiss into the curls falling over its forehead. The scent was so potent and he brushed his lips and cheek as the buck shivered and grunted.
“So it wasn’t a case?” John was stepping closer and with his back to the kitchen counter Sherlock had nowhere to go.
He suddenly looked so young, so eager.
"Yes, all of it John."
And John shivered.
Sharp cerulean eyes turned to him, then the music abruptly stopped.
"Daily practise is about to become much more interesting."
"I'd enjoy that, too. Immensely."
A simple breakfast in the sitting room. Sherlock in his favorite armchair with John kneeling between his thighs, fed sips of milky tea and bites of biscuits, one solid, grounding hand at the back of his neck.
"Sherlock?"
“Sherlock?! Is this all about a case of his you’re avoiding? But why does he mention your mother? Is she alright?”
And I am never leaving you. You own me.
"I didn't expect this John."
He had made plans for the day. If his principal enquiry was fruitless. The British Museum for a few blissful hours, then a very good shop for the new walking boots he needed, and finally he had a few phone numbers of old army mates to look up; Murray was always eager to escape the grandkids and grab a pint at short notice.
Truly sublime.
He hoped the choice of shirt, the deep aubergine colour, would compliment his pale complexion, help offset and warm his awkward facial features and rigid posture. He’d had his hair cut and was freshly shaved. The navy suit had only been worn once prior. Certainly not a man of flashy accessories, he’d gone out yesterday after work and purchased a brightly coloured scarf. He’d done everything he could think of, down to silk socks.
"Not the victim, Sherlock, even I can tell the man's dead. This is why we're here instead of enjoying the match like the rest of the country." He nodded towards the back of the room. "I mean John."
It was simple. Warmth, comfort, touch. An unexpected, sincere happiness.
It was incredible.
You might recognise traces of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s “The Adventure of the Dancing Men”.
'What I meant to say, John, is that I am, unlike yourself, not experienced in the practice and may misread the intention…’
"Regularly masturbate?" He was perhaps attributing his own response to John, but he felt the man's skin warm through his thin shirt.
It was incredible.
"Lovely." John laughed and drank his tea. "And incredible. You, this, all of this. Impossible and yet here we are."
An hour passed in warm embrace, tender kisses, reassurance.
Sherlock sent texts with random questions about favorite brand of tea, number of books John owned, afternoon napping habits. John couldn't tell how much this had become an in-joke and how much it was a reminder of Sherlock's offer.
“Of course.”
John whimpered.
“Took the tube, there was a delay, of course.”
Sherlock leaned down and planted a very chaste kiss on those lips. John whimpered but did not move.
"I will not go off and spend a night with someone else. Is that clear?"
"Just until the morning. To be on the safe side, although everything's looking well so far. You'll tell the staff if the wrist bothers you too much. Well," he pointed the pen at Sherlock, "I'll warn the night shift you'll be staying, but best let him rest. My Mindy also refused to leave when I fell on the ice three winters ago. Kept me awake with her fussing. So none of that or it'll be two nights and I'm sure you want him home sooner than later!"
Without a word.
"Come, let's lay on the bed."
And he turned to see John standing in the doorway. Forehead wrinkled in a particular way, one hand’s fingers twitching at his side.
Over his back, his vulnerable feet, the inside of his thighs...
Sherlock wiggled and scrunched his toes in the bright blue wool socks. "Thank you. Your hospitality has been... beyond expectation." A shy smile.
"Extraordinary."
Unsure what to do, his hands fluttered around John's cough-shaken body.
He stretched up to cover John’s body with his own, his lips with his own. John’s hands wrapped around his waist and pulled him closer. They kissed unhurriedly, soft bites, hums, sleepy smiles.
He was pinned under that confident gaze. "I would very much like us to... see each other again."
“Not too long, a hour or so.”
The hiss hit a level of shrill alarm.
The text messages stopped. John tried calling.
Sherlock gestured to the sweat soaked shirt clinging to his chest with his semen-covered hand. "Shower?"
John nodded feeling himself blush.
Small scratches at the back of his head and neck had John pliant and drooling around his thumb.
(See the end of the chapter for
John.
He managed to nod, and nod more. He needed to ask for more.
John was curious and softly stepped closer to peek through the glass inserts of the door. It was still quite dark but he made out a moving shadow and heard more shuffling of hooves. He then made the mistake of stepping on a creaking floorboard. A whisper and a blur and the animal was gone.
Just weeks after John moved in the night light was switched off. Quite unceremoniously in the end. John had come in from a late shift, exhausted and freezing. He'd flipped the switch as he crawled under the duvet probably unaware of the action, bringing both his arms around Sherlock's waist and kissing into his curls with a muffled apology for being so late. And Sherlock found he did not mind. Did not mind being woken. Did not mind the sudden darkness. It was so easy to fall asleep held tightly by this man.
He shook his head slowly and looked at John. Worry, exhaustion, but also something else in those eyes. Then John, as was his habit when thinking something over, licked his lips, and Sherlock had to close his eyes again.
“… and here we go.”
“Yes, I’d like us to come see its spathe unfurl. Together.”
He helped John stand by the armchair, then kneel on the seat with his hands on the back rest. Slowly, with measured touches, he placed his knees as far apart as the seat allowed, then pushed his shoulders lower. John was clearly becoming more aroused again, his cock hanging heavily. And this position assured it would stay untouched, unrubbed.
He ignored the dust, ignored Lestrade’s and John’s dry coughs, ignored the ticking clock.
John whispered. "Is it not... demanding?"
He was going to murder him with his bare hands.
"Suck now."
“Henry V, Shakespeare.” Sherlock mumbled watching John read aloud as he inadvertently stood in for a gnomon in the middle of the large sundial inset in the pavement. His hair shone silver-blond in the brightening sun as he turned with a puzzled expression.
John had woken cradled in Sherlock's arms. He looked up and was met with a soft kiss on the lips, long fingers touching his back and cheek.
No news from Sherlock.
John soaped his body with efficient moves. The hair on his body darker under the spray of the water, curls of pubic hair in prominent contrast with his skin. He was stunningly beautiful, compact, muscled. When he reached towards his erect cock, Sherlock grabbed his wrist.
“Why wouldn’t it be?”
"Well, there are digital pianos these days?"
There was a pause.
After an hour he was ready to pack up and leave having exhausted multiple small talk topics with the accommodating staff. Well, one more hot tea for the road, it was easing up a bit out there but he still stood to get wet.
"Yes, please. You know, I really enjoyed the last one."
John got up quickly. "No." They both looked at him. "It's a personal dedication. You should read it yourself."
"I... I cannot thank you enough, John, for everything."
"Gorgeous. And perfectly posed for the spanking I promised you."
"Please feel at home here John. Anything you might need, just ask."
He sat down at his desk and opened up his laptop.
John had not managed to control his reaction. If anything, averting his eyes so quickly gave him away. And his blush further revealed he knew he was caught.
“More precisely, ‘giant misshapen phallus’, but yes, it was an issue.”
“Well, I do prefer you all warm-and-lazy to twitchy-and-morose on the no-case days. Easier on the wall, too.”
“Houseproud, John is, likes to dot the i's and cross the t’s.” A grin of unnaturally perfect teeth.
He walked down the stairs to let John in.
“What is this about? Really. Because it does not look like we’re dealing with a rancid spleen.”
He stood up, and without looking back, walked into the sitting room, grabbed his coat, and left the flat.
He reached up to unbutton the cuffs and touched John's wrists gently. And reminiscent of the first time they touched he grasped one wrist in a strong hold as the other arm reached up to undo the shirt buttons, one by one. No rush.
"I am going to fetch some things we'll need. All right John? Nod, please." John nodded quickly.
"Anything?" He leaned down to take off his boots.
They sat down to eat.
John got up and, standing directly in front of Sherlock, slowly unbuttoned his shirt, then took it off. He then got rid of his trousers, briefs and socks in one move. He was now totally naked and visibly aroused and clearly on display for Sherlock who starred with his lips slightly open.
Fearing he might be caught out in his desire he'd stuck to devising a promising script of their interaction and had fully neglected to take into account that John too may be more invested than a carefully executed scene or two.
Frost rimmed leek leaves were still good, as was the more rugged variety of kale.
"You're not bad company." John smiled.
John nodded.
And opened them in alarm as a foot stepped firmly, painfully, over his own under the table.
John swore and switched the phone off until morning.
"Most of the work, yes. I've already redrawn plans and..." He felt ridiculous. "John... I overreacted."
"What I meant to say was... while I can perfectly understand the appeal of a certain code, in appearance, behavior, perhaps roles in relationship, or... during intercourse, I am not interested in the conventions."
"We can give it a try. I can't imagine not seeing you every day and all this running back and forth can't be healthy for you. And I am curious about those linen sheets..." He winked.
John. Pointing his spatula at the high stack in the middle of the table, a wide, warm grin, "Strawberries and cream?"
John had already yawned twice. The sports programme had shifted to a different ball and less mud.
It was six in the morning and he was laying in bed and staring into the screen of his phone. Holding it with both hands as if it were likely to fly off.
"I'd like you to stay with me constantly today, naked and silent. Of course, if you want something to stop you will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately and make sure you are safe and comfortable. Is that clear?"
"Please...," he whispered opening up the palm of his right hand.
The hand stilled and he could feel a current of tension in John's body. "If you ever, purposely, put yourself in front of a gun-wielding man..."
"Rules?"
The composition ended with a fierce culmination and John realised he was speechless, and undeniably aroused. Oh, fuck.
John leaned down and kissed him on the cheek. "Did I keep you waiting?"
"You may speak."
'That's settled then.' - SH
“Shut up.” John was smiling, too, he didn’t need to see to know.
John moaned loudly.
He solved three cold cases for Lestrade by noon and spent two hours contemplating John's behaviour. Although, it wasn't John's behaviour that was uncharacteristic.
"I'm afraid it won't cool in time for breakfast. We can have some later."
"Should I help you with your luggage? I suppose this time you've brought a toothbrush?" John giggled.
"You are stunning, Sherlock, I can't believe I am allowed this."
John nodded. "Yes."
“Oh.”
“Not interested in the specials then?” A tight giggle.
He was ready to crawl across London on his hands and knees. He blushed red and smiled. And he couldn't stop smiling. 'Yours.'
John helped him up and after a soft kiss lead him to their bedroom and the dresser they shared.
John had moved down to the side of his neck and was taking his time licking and nibbling. He clearly appreciated Sherlock’s gift.
Women. All of them.
They spent a while sipping tea, John getting up to stoke the fire on two occasions. Soon it was clear the day's events and a stomach full of hot stew were too much for Sherlock, his head drooping into the blankets.
Sensitive hairs there were brutally pulled and searing pain ripped through him.
"I've only ever used an eiderdown since boarding school, quite a stiff one actually, wool. I wonder if these 'duvets' are available in London, perhaps my tailor might have an idea, textiles are not..." John listened to him drift off to a mumble, then a soft snore.
"Turn to face me. And take everything off, leave the clothes on the bed."
"Hm, perhaps later. Let's have another beer." Sherlock was finishing with the dishes and washing his hands at the sink.
Quick pecks on the cheek as he read his email and John rushed off to work in the morning. Lingering kisses that spoke of want as other matters kept them occupied. Unhurried kisses that moved down his jawline, neck, chest, lower. Rough bites. Sucking. Kisses broken by moans and John's raspy "oh, fuck..."
He sent the waiter away with his credit card and a request for a taxi while he helped John into his overcoat. Making sure every possible opportunity led to a reassuring touch.
John rolled his eyes and mumbled, "Ridiculous, yes."
"Tea is fine."
"I wouldn't dare impose, John. As I've planned a... slightly longer stay this time I've arranged for a room in the village. Mrs. Hudson expects me by seven."
A  full week after the rain storm Sherlock crawled into bed next to him, damp from a shower that took much longer than usual, looking down and away to hide obviously tear-reddened eyes. John held him close and barely managed any sleep that night.
"John, I couldn't care less about the weather."
"It suits you."
He took one of John's hands in his. Warm, smooth skin. Such a simple gesture. John was speechless.
Sherlock, bracing on his forearms, thrust in gently and slowly, kissing John's shoulders softly as he whispered his name again and again, in awe.
“John?”
Serene. A deep, deep breath and Sherlock exhaled with a smile. Holding up a perfect sphere of clear ice to the light of the kitchen window he felt serene, in control, and just a bit excited.
As he took care of the fire, with more care than was necessary, Sherlock politely washed their bowls out in the kitchen sink. He was humming and filling the kettle and John watched the man go about the kitchen, his kitchen, grabbing two cups, reaching for the tea, the sugar, as if... as if it was his own.
They spent the rest of the day in bed. John cradled, kissed, fed, praised.
He felt fingers massaging each joint as it was freed.
Slap after loud slap. His skin came alive.
Feeling unexpected bravado John put down his helmet and gloves, unzipped his jacket and waited for permission to climb the stairs.
Sweaty midday naps often meant glimpses in dreams and John allowed himself some pleasurable release upon waking.
Water boiling and the kettle switching off. Familiar bare feet on linoleum. Cupboards opening and closing. John’s voice. The scent of tomatoes and garlic. It was fine, it was all fine.
And now he was flushed and squirming in his chair, twisting his cup in his hands.
"... should not be an issue with adequate lubrication." He looked around the dark room. "John?" He checked the clock, 03:16. He'd taken too long to prepare his argument and had executed his scripted speech long after John had retired to the bedroom. He did have a tendency to speak to the man even when he was absent. Sherlock sighed, set down the violin bow and climbed the stairs towards the low sounds of snores. It was bedtime.
A thumb circled over his knuckles, fingers slid up to wrap around his wrist. The window was cracked open and he heard London's traffic in the distance. Sherlock closed the distance between them and pressed his face against John's chest.
So he took on more hours of editing work. Ran longer distances. Stayed off Twitter. Feeling dejected.
John stared at the shelf. Right. He didn't even notice those anymore. "That's quite... astute." He took in the whole room, fireplace, bookshelf, large chest of drawers that held his clothes and linens, the bed in the corner, the clothes airer Sherlock's things were drying on next to it. "No military paraphernalia here though."
It was sublime pleasure unlike anything he'd ever experienced before.
"We've had the one proper date, in fact it's still ongoing..." He rubbed his nose against Sherlock's.
He reached down and pinched one nipple. John's whole body jerked dislodging the thumb from his open mouth and his eyes flew open.
"You have a cold? Is this the 'urgent' bit?"
"Yes." John nodded.
He was gently helped stand by the armchair, then made to kneel on the seat with his hands on the back rest. Slowly, with measured touches that progressed from tender to slightly commanding, his knees were pulled as far apart as the seat allowed, his shoulders pushed lower almost roughly.
John pulled him closer. "Come here." And with his face buried against John's neck, hands gingerly wrapped around his shoulders, Sherlock finally felt some of the anxiety seep away. John shifted a bit to the side and whispered. "Get in here."
A sure stride. And a much tighter pair of jeans than last time. He couldn't suppress a grin.
The doorbell rang.
His face was glued to the ocular of his microscope but he was not looking through the lenses at the slide. Had forgotten what the slide even was.
John stared with that wonderful expectant and open smile.
suggested a deserted site Sherlock could have just for himself. So, Sherlock finds a peaceful (and not at all creepy) place for contemplation at the gravestone of Charles Babbage at Kensal Green. The ‘leaning tomb in Hampstead Cemetery’ mentioned by Mycroft “His Last Vow” was too vague for me. By the way, half of Babbage's brain is preserved at the Hunterian Museum in the Royal College of Surgeons in London, while the other half is on display in the Science Museum, London (yeah, also not creepy). ’Pugin’s clock tower’ is of course Big Ben, now silent until the renovation work has been completed, sometime in the 2020’s.
And after the day's agitation and failure, Lestrade's Thames case notwithstanding, all he could do was settle in that embrace.
"Oh, so you have... a type? Well, preference... or..."
John was stumped. "See, the unfinished manuscript? What for?"
He had planned everything, prepared everything and only had to wait a short while now before John would arrive.
"A new sales strategy?" Sherlock's glasses we're again foggy and his hair was sticking out at all angles.
"Now, how do you feel about a glass of wine?"
"And would you be willing to try some discipline play?" Sherlock was not making this any easier on John, scratching his fingernails across his buttocks and one thigh.
"Sherlock, what is this about?"
Then he felt a cold, tingling trickle over his scrotum.
A breath of fresh air, things stacked and put away, broken cups and ash swept up, they sat down on the sofa with cups of tea sorting the torn scores.
He reached out one finger and touched the tip of one antler. The buck visibly shivered. It was soft, yielding to his touch. He stepped closer to touch with both hands. More small grunts and clicking noises, more shivering. And John was trembling, too. This was intimate. He caressed the velvety tine with reverence, allowing his fingers to trail down into the wild curls. The scent intensified and John felt the need to sink into it.
"Please." He gestured for him to climb up first and followed. Was he watching? Fuck.
But life had its own schedule. He was low on wood and had to arrange a delivery. Then space out the chopping and stacking over four days not to overburden his aging body.
John shrugged. “A bit embarrassing. Never made it past the bar last time…” A nervous chuckle. “Met someone. A first date. We were waiting for our table, having a drink at the bar. She kept answering her phone…”
Semen.
"Yet to be extrapolated."
Although the last day of the conference presented two more sessions, he packed his things and left for the train station immediately.
"Oh, just sleeping John." Sherlock was getting up and taking a few steps towards the bedroom, unbuttoning and pushing his trousers and pants off.
“And the biggest accomplishment of my life so far has been waking up to you in my arms.”
"This," John looked around the well-worn house, the chipped cups and the single frayed armchair; looked down at his hands, wrinkled skin and age spots, "this is what you'd like?"
They did watch a film on John's laptop curled up in bed under the covers, legs entangled and steaming cups of camomile. John held him and scratched his back, gossiped about colleagues Sherlock had never met, made plans to go buy some new books, asked about his opinion on paper versus ebook, decided all showers would be postponed until next morning as he was "too comfortable to bother".
The buck made small bawling noises and smiled, reached out and touched some of the moss and grasses, then picked a few blueberries and set it onto the moss.
'what's your address?' John blinked. 'shit, too forward? sorry'
Without shame John reached up to grasp the antlers with both hands, offering his mouth, rubbing his naked chest and stomach into the hot musky fur of his buck.
He grabbed the wrist. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" He almost growled.
"I asked if you'd like to eat first because it is obvious you rushed here. I'd say a difficult day at the lab, then briefly home, quick shower, shave? Your hair is still damp. You arrived without a bag."
He was truly tempted to just jump in. But he really wanted a chance with Sherlock, a chance for something more permanent, not just a swift wild ride and quick crash. He hadn't lived with anyone for a long time, and then he had been far too young to make it work. Although he had tried. His recent relationships had been brief and moving in together had not come up in conversation, even when times were good.
Who in their right mind would have this man below them and not pursue a long term relationship?!
But the weekend's case had taken them to a club frequented exclusively by men, gay men to be precise, large, tattooed, bearded gay men. Many wore braces.
"Yes, of course. I should share the responsibilities in the house, as long as I enjoy your hospitality. I may not be able to help with the cooking but surely keeping us warm is just as important. And any other chores."
It had been much more than he thought possible. He felt awake and happy.
He'd made his decision.
'A fascinating documentary on the mating habits of lions, John. Did you know the females are polyestrous?' - SH
"Now the fun starts." With a grin he couldn't suppress John tipped a can of black treacle into the bowl, Sherlock biting down what sounded as a yelp, then added some water from a glass.
"Yes." He closed his eyes with a small sigh of relief.
A case interrupted his query. And John's dinner. He accepted reluctantly, even if it was a smuggling-turned-murder on a boat in the container terminal.
Slowly he reached one slick hand behind his back to smear lubricant between his buttocks. The coolness felt pleasant. Resting on his chest and other hand, eyes closed, he then gently massaged the tight muscle, not rushing, trying to relax.
He took a deep breath and spoke in a low voice.
As the sun waned John was also still busy in the garden.
'massive argument between me and my head and that bastard is winning #sulking'
John nodded.
He carefully sipped and swallowed the wine. And with a deep moan the man pulled him closer and bit a kiss into his mouth, wine dripping at the edge of his lips. His hands were resting on athletic thighs and he allowed himself to touch.
"Tea first, then we'll discuss fashion." Another long, soft kiss. "But in my opinion you look amazing." And with a small grin John pinched his buttocks.
John took both of his hands. "Slow down. We're doing fine. And we're going to take our time to do this right, ok? No rush?"
An incredible privilege.
He locked the door behind him and went to make the fire. Left the single glove on the kitchen table.
“He’s never late, never. I was to come home after ten, after I’ve finished recording Telemachus for BBC4, a gruelling day, but wonderful director. And he typically has dinner ready. I believe it was to be Moroccan tonight. He texted me earlier to ask about my preference for wine.” The actor gave a dazzling smile. “Roussanne, of course.”
Sherlock stood there, hair and jacket completely drenched, glasses fogging up, a smile that resembled a nervous tic.
Settling him close between his spread legs, John sitting sideways with his legs folded, head turned and one cheek over Sherlock's stiff cock, taking care his arms were positioned comfortably and no pressure was put on the scarred shoulder, Sherlock, one thumb still touching that tongue, placed his other hand on the back of John's head and ran his fingers through his hair. John's breathing had picked up. Probably the sudden repositioning but perhaps also being allowed to touch, possibly even smell Sherlock's desire for him.
He replaced the glass on the side table and leaned forward.
Sherlock moved to press his own increasingly impatient length to John's buttocks as his hands caressed hips, thighs, back. They were both breathing harder. John's skin becoming damp with sweat.
His breathing calmed slowly.
And just as they were leaving, John still awkwardly standing with the pen in his hand, Sherlock turned around and winked at him.
John woke up throwing off his duvet with panic and gasping for air. Again. He settled back onto his battered pillow and took a moment to steady his erratic breathing. A nightmare. Again. No, the nightmare. Always the same one, always leaving behind a sense of loss and phantom pains in his scarred shoulder. War, screams, blood, pain, a gunshot. With a groan he sat up, one hand on the front of his sweat soaked t-shirt.
He found it necessary to stick to his established meal schedule as most workdays John either ate in the hospital canteen or came in late to raid the fridge for any of Sherlock's leftovers. They made an effort on the weekends to cook and eat all meals together. John had baked fruit tarts and "the famous Watson recipe" shortbread cookies on several occasions. But Sherlock was the one who remembered to buy milk for their tea.
And the abandon that followed. The loud moans. The fists tight in his curls. The thrusts. As he sucked. Savored. Swallowed. Lost himself in John's skin, sweat, semen.
"Hey! Hullo!" John kept waving the torch as he pressed on.
It was a good day. In the morning session Dr. Holmes was brilliant, commanding the attention of the whole room and shooting down a pointless comment with little tact. John smiled thinking of the high probability the fantasy of that tone addressing him would inspire months of masturbation sessions to come.
He continued feeding small bites of food and lingering touches. John responded appreciatively and they took their time.
"I will use silk ribbons for restraints of your arms and legs."
No. No more fear.
For a while he had focused on his writing, the books finally coming along with some success, and hadn't really thought it would happen. Not now. And definitely not with an incredible man he had been watching from afar. It still felt like a dream he might wake up from at any moment.
With a fresh rush of arousal John couldn’t help but smile himself.
"No, not the case, the other... thing."
He could hear the man slurp his fourth cup of tea for the day. Certainly not the last. Unhurriedly. Lazily. Blowing at the steam between sips. As if toasting a day of no cases, no calls, no, well, no relevant emails.
"I am so glad the week is over." John huffed wiping his mouth and hands. "This stomach flu has us busy enough with poor dehydrated sods, but on top of it there seems to be another wave of head lice sweeping the nurseries." John took a large gulp of his beer and winked. "Don't worry, I won't be bringing my work home."
"OK, let's go up first, ok?"
He took only a moment to look down at the man on his bed.
Touches became kisses and bites. Never hard enough, but a constant stimulating stream. His breath stuttered.
He did not want to risk frostbite of the delicate anal tissue and focused on spanking the full surface of John's gorgeous arse.
John started walking towards him, with a worried expression.
'learning #Scriabin piano sonata no.2 op 19 #summermorning'
They were lounging on the sofa, John stretching his feet next to the remains of the meal on the table, Sherlock's socked feet in his lap. John rubbed a thin ankle.
They cleaned up with a discarded vest and John pulled him onto the bed. Strong arms and, finally, finally, a distinct lack of clothes. Sherlock didn’t think he’d be able to sleep just yet but John stretched his limbs and groaned with clear satisfaction.
He quickly relayed the line of deductions to Lestrade, who was still glancing at John with a startled expression.
"You are so lovely. Perfect for me."
"You busy?"
"This is not about me overpowering you. We may have different needs, but we stay equals." He carefully untied and took off his boots as John watched. Then socks, handling each foot gently, letting his fingers wrap around the ankles. "And it is not about pain or extravagant toys. We may or may not get to those things. It is up to us to decide together."
Finally the creature advanced and carefully set the whole floral bouquet on the floor by the quilt eyeing John with a small smile.
Small but steady touches. His neck, hair, face. And warm breath against his cheek.
"No, just improbable."
With a huff he set out in the direction of the now extinguished lights. If this was Mike with his tractor in a ditch by the road, he'd never let him forget it.
Sherlock suddenly looked unsure of himself, and disconcerted, as if he were a much younger man. He pulled one of the blankets tight around his body. The other had fallen down to the floor a while ago.
"If you want something to stop. You will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately.  Is that clear?"
John rode his motorcycle slightly too fast.
John sat on the bench next to him and dug into his jacket pocket to take out a pair of socks.
Then the burn.
He was offered some water and he drank as ordered. Already fighting his body, too aroused to easily keep still. He tried a few slow calming breaths. Oh, fuck, he could smell him.
“I was just thinking of… resting. In bed. Bring the laptop if you’re not finished.”
"My scruffy, perfect boy. I'm keeping you."
But not at all how he'd planned it.
Love.
John got up and took the empty cup from Sherlock's hand. Walking to the kitchen he asked, "Was it work then? That brought you all the way here?" There was some clatter and the sound of cupboards opening and closing.
“Her partner… wife… is in hospice care. They visited some of their favourite public artworks as a last…” He cleared his throat. “The blood came from an accidental paper cut. A love letter from when they met. Forty two years ago.” He avoided looking at John and faced the window.
"Sleep well?" He slid his hands down John's naked back.
And Sherlock snapped the book shut with a grin. "Well, better get home and find the spectacles then. Nice meeting you John."
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughed. "No, no, you're right. I agree, my editor agrees, the critics have agreed. Please, don't censor yourself."
“I know it was for a case… I can’t help… It looked unerringly real.” John’s eyes momentarily flicked towards Sherlock’s neck, the exact spot one of his dancing companions - whose fame was irrelevant, who had no information pertaining to the case - had brushed her lips against leaving a pink smudge Sherlock was sure he’d cleaned off in the shower.
John nodded.
“You were the envy of the whole ballroom.” John mumbled as he relaxed into the pillows, exhausted from the day’s running about.
He made a large pot of fresh tea. Put the radio in the kitchen on, turned it off. Then wasted several more minutes randomly surfing while the Twitter tab in the background was staring him down as if challenging him.
“Your brother keeps sending me insane messages I can’t decipher.”
'stuffed so much of #awkwardshit under the sofa and now there's no room for my #loosescrews'
The alarming cough continued. John sat up in bed.
"You'll never again kneel before me without explicit order, is that clear? You may nod if you understand and agree."
John, eyes closed, was resting against one of his thighs and panting.
“Bored.” Sherlock mumbled into the soft wool of the jumper.
With no memory of how he made it back to his own room John lay on the bed fully clothed and closed his eyes. His breathing was uneven and his mind a mess. Exhausted, he fell into a feverish sleep.
Trying to keep his focus on his work he was aware he'd lost his appetite and was feeling more and more despondent. He wasn't sleeping well. A night of insomnia ended with fearful sobs into his pillow at dawn.
John giggled.
It wasn't as simple as a random choice for retaliation, of course. There was something about the employee... The man owned three antique pinball machines.
Most evenings they'd settle for the night with a long call. Somehow there was always a topic Sherlock wished to talk about - one of Sherlock's old cases, the detailed procedure of disassembly and cleaning of a Sig Sauer semi-automatic pistol, statistical analysis of murder by poisoning, the pertinent literature on beekeeping...
Demanding. The past week had wrung him out. Long hours at the lab, video conferences at odd hours with colleagues in a different time zone, an article due. But all of that was nothing compared to his demanding flesh.
A bite of food, an olive, fingers trickling oil. He licked. Bit.
"No, not angry. I am worried, though."
"I'm fine John." He sighed.
John did bring back thai. There was a television programme on BBC he was reluctant to miss so they ate as John watched it and laughed and sipped from a beer bottle as Sherlock observed him.
His own rather perfunctory Twitter feed, one post a week, retweets of his publisher's promotional feed, barely any exchange and a pitiful number of followers, suddenly necessitated the involvement of one of the publisher's interns. He assumed the poor soul rolled their eyes over his Longreads links and last week's blurry 'Yorkshire pudding @ Mom's!' photo.
And John had no idea how to shake him out of it.
“Care for a bit of telly, or should we just return to bed, hm?”
And after a deep breath and adjustment he winked at John and started playing a quick, sharp composition, hands close and fingers moving with unbelievable mastery, eyes mostly closed. John's mouth went dry at the sight. It was better than the concert - he was so close, he felt the air vibrate with the instrument, with the effort of Sherlock's tense body, the torrent of notes.
Scrapes of nail polish-covered fingernails on the keyboard. A repeated pattern. A nail file in the bottom drawer next to a half-empty bottle of polish remover, 'with coconut oil for healthy nails'. It was her supervisor, they'd been having an affair. The missing nail polish. The lab tests would confirm it in the morning. Lestrade thanked him.
And just as the hour was about to pass, he prepared tea and served it on a tray lined with white linen, in a very formal fine bone china teapot with matching cups and saucers.
Dr. Holmes got up to leave. Buttoning up his suit jacket with steady hands he looked straight at John, piercing him with a very demanding gaze, and nodded once.
The silk ribbons slid across the skin of his ankles. It was incredibly sensual to be maneuvered into restrains by practiced, sure hands. Then wrists, his arms spread away from his sides. And somehow losing the option to move, to get up, to leave. To choose. It was perfect.
"Lifestyle?!" John grimaced strangely. "You now have a lifestyle?"
Fast, shallow breaths.
“Hm.” John hummed and pulled him closer.
"Of course I stayed." He waved the mobile. "A sexy man waiting for me in bed. Plus updates and bed selfies to tweet, @watson_novelist #amazingbuttsex and all that."
John laughed. "All right, all right." He got up to follow him. "I do have preferences, too." They stood next to the desk and Sherlock curiously looked around. At what, John did not know. "Always the same laptop manufacturer, same text editor, same size of font... for over a decade now."
And finally, just minutes ago, a fucking selfie in dim morning light, disheveled grayish hair on crushed pillow, reading glasses. And the caption, 'spent the night with @watson_novelist, trembling, what a ride'.
Touch.
A long week indeed.
Was his John unhappy? Did he feel resentful, uncherished? Did he feel bored with it all? The surgery, the shopping, the bills and taxes and recycling of paper and chemical stains on the kitchen table and… and… Would he just leave one day?
He had to close his eyes for a moment to compose himself. A very demanding day.
John closed his eyes and sighed. No choice of shirt and tie would make a difference if this dinner was…
And he shivered, eyes closed, aware he was blushing even after all this time. “Yes, yes John.”
Sherlock led him by the hand to the large shower and helped him in, then passed him a bar of soap, grabbing another and proceeding to lathering himself languidly as John watched.
He sighed. "Isn't there a family member, or a friend you could stay with, so you wouldn't be on your own?"
"Of course."
He became aware of a high pitched hiss invading his auditory field.
No, oh no. He felt his stomach drop. The days, hours, minutes of anxiety crashed back onto him.
They took in only two suitcases, and to John's surprise, a violin case Sherlock handled with great care, deciding to deal with the rest tomorrow.
"Well, a respectable university has shown interest for the work. They're interviewing prospective doctoral candidates in the coming weeks. They've been insufferable for some years now, actually. I've been... reluctant to part with it all..."
"Please feel at home here John. Anything you might need, just ask."
So, like the brave soldier he is, he clears his throat and suggests, "Tea?"
Sherlock carefully held the glass to John's lips and he drank, eyes down, then licked his lips. If that had been a conscious action Sherlock would stop this instantly. But, he was sure John was unaware of his tell, and also unaware of the effect it had on Sherlock who was a bit too aroused himself.
A hopeful look. "It was perfect."
“I still have to type up the jellyfish experiment from my notes. Tomorrow is the next phase, the luminescence will…”
And Sherlock did. One hand sliding under him to grasp his cock tightly, the other digging its fingers into John's hip. Sherlock was grunting loudly and fucking John with abandon, passionately, even savagely.
The wait for the tests to come back. He'd drank too much coffee. Contemplated going back to the flat briefly to think in peace, but then decided to visit the victim's office. He texted Lestrade to make arrangements. Far too much coffee.
He slid his hand down John's stomach, into the dark honey pubic hair, and pulled.
It was beautiful. The man slowly lowered himself at Sherlock's feet, still in clothes and boots, hands on thighs, head bowed, eyes low.
He leaned against the kitchen sink with both hands around a warm cup listening to the crackling of the fire in the cast iron stove in the pre-dawn twilight. The nightmare, the war, the loss, it all drifted far away as he took in the sounds and smells of the tea, fire, the cabin itself and the woods that surrounded it.
No, not lazy at all. Just… involved in prolonged periods of important data collection and analysis. If anything he had become hypervigilant in his study of John Watson. After all, it only makes sense to keep things that were useful, information that mattered. And since their first meeting the man intrigued him. Afghanistan. A psychosomatic limp. The unique appeal was instant, strong. He’d winked when introducing himself. Winked?!
