“I don’t think I can do this,” John finally says, voice barely a whisper. “We shouldn’t have come.”
No, Sherlock thinks, forcing himself to inhale deeply. Not affection. Love.
Sherlock seems to consider the option for a moment, and John realises there isn’t a chance he could stand here knowing Sherlock is getting himself off in the next room.
And you can’t ask
“I’ll be quick,” John says, walking past him and letting their hand brush.
“Yes.”
“Are you sleeping in the same bed again tonight?”
John breaks into a smile, heart pounding against his chest.
John sighs, his breath warm against Sherlock’s lips. “I was being an idiot, choosing for you, making that… man go away when it’s was entirely up to you. I had no right to-”
Sherlock.
"I can take care of that," Rosie replies, pulling away to look at them both, a wild grin on her lips. "So, how is it going?"
Pillow talk.
"It does," John smiles, glancing at him from where he's helping Rosie to get pasta inside her mouth and not the table. "Considering all she told me yesterday, I deserve to know."
“Sherlock, are you sure this is it?”
“Hm, yes, Charles,” Sherlock replies, sighing. “His wife said at the end of the week.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, ready to explain that ‘nicer’ wasn’t part of his job but John glared at him, making it clear he was dead serious. Sherlock sighed again, rolling his eyes as he waited for the police to arrive. It didn’t took long for Sherlock to explain the whole situation, the few documents he managed to acquire convincing the three men in a matter of minutes. John handed them Marks, the man wincing as John tighten his grip around his wrist for a brief second.
“Forty minutes,” Sherlock says. “I looked it up when I moved in.” John squeezes his hand, the two of them knowing perfectly well why he had done so. Sherlock shakes his head, ignoring the pang of regret in his chest and saying instead, “A publishing company has been asking for months to turn my cases into a book.”
Sherlock drops his gaze, biting his lower lips before turning to walk away. He feels John’s stare on him all the way down the nearest corner.
“What happened to not hungry?” John asks and Sherlock doesn’t need him to turn around the guess the smile on his lips.
“John,” Sherlock whimpers with another thrust of their hips.
John slides a hand between them, reaching for Sherlock’s. He laces their fingers together, shifting closer slowly. Sherlock imitates him and soon they are close enough for John to feel his breath against his face.
Arnold glances back at him, "Maybe you'll stay for some dancing?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “That’s why I’m not working for the police. Well, in a way I am but I’m working with my own methods and under my own conditions. Surprisingly, they are so often out of their depth that they rather ask me than not solve a case.”
. He brings back John’s lips to his, not kissing, just breathing the other in, letting it all sink in, and when they move, they’ve become one and one only. It’s slow, so very slow, and at the same time Sherlock feels as if it all goes too fast. He moans and cries and whimpers into John’s mouth, against his skin, and feels each thrust with an overwhelming accuracy. All of it taking him to the corner of pleasure, balancing there for what could be hours before tipping over the the edge and taking John down with him.
“Yes,” Sherlock interrupts him, eyes snapping back open, alarmed. “Yes, we are.”
You asked me in your letter if it was all that unbelievable. The truth is, I don’t know anymore. It seems that everything I thought I knew has been crumbling down around me lately, and as strange as it is, another version of myself is responsible for it all. And yes, I should have told you about the
“Sometimes I think I would have ruined us,” Sherlock says. “I still do. I look at what I did to our friendship and tell myself I would have destroy anything we could have built together. I still fear I will, especially now that I know what we are about to become.”
In the end, is it really that unbelievable?
Yes, Sherlock. No questions.
Mornings are still Sherlock’s favorite part of the day, for different reasons now. If it is rare of for him to wake up after John, he learned to love those the most. There is a tangible moment, barely a few seconds, where the limit between dream and reality remains a bit blurry, where the feeling of John’s lips on his neck, kissing him softly, might as well be the continuation of his dream. Sherlock wishes he could linger in those moments, those few seconds where anything is a possibility. But then, with warm touches and whispered adorations, John fully wakes him up and, actually, this might be the best part of his morning.
“That was fast,” Lestrade says, the smile obvious in his voice, and Sherlock finds he can’t help but smile either. “Molly is a bit young to have studi-”
“Outch,” John says.
, too much hope right now. He only needs to put things back in order inside his own head and focus on not messing it all up.
“You slept with your back turned on me,” Sherlock replies.
“Good.”
“Deal,” John laughs, pulling away and meeting Sherlock’s eyes again. “What do you want? Right now.”
Sherlock swallows with difficulty, dozens of replies on the tip of his tongue but none breaching his lips as John moves even closer, their chests now pressed together and the feeling of his breath warm against Sherlock’s face. He looks down to his lips again, his eyes acting on their own volition apparently, and the noise of the people around them fades away as John’s tongue darts out to wet his lower lip.
John cries out, his entire body shivering. “Are you sure?”
Sherlock isn’t sure in which exact order it happens next, John smiling, his eyes opening, their fingers playing together and their lips meeting so very softly. But it’s alright because John kisses him a second time, and a third, and by the fourth, Sherlock has found back all of his mental faculty and begins to store away the feelings and sounds and sensations.
“No, just asking how many of those took their time.” John chuckled, “I’m not interested in how many people you’ve fucked because currently you are writhing on my fingers.”
"Don't tell me," Lestrade sighs. "We needed to record him, but more importantly, to catch him in the act. Tonight was a success, thanks to Sherlock's planning."
“I knew you’d have to be using that skill in your work,” John exclaims. “So, you’re a cop?”
“Maybe,” Sherlock sighs, reaching for the list and reading.
I am a mess, John. One that I’m not sure I can fix. One that I’m not sure you should bother with.
Sherlock's breath catches, head thrown back, "John."
"Oh will you, now?"
“Would you tell me?” John says one afternoon.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed at this, his entire body shivering, and it takes all of John’s self control not to pull him closer. He leans in instead, unable to stop himself now, “I know we still have a lot to discuss, and God knows I have a lot of questions about what you wrote, but I really, really need to be certain we’re both on the same pa-”
Easy to say. Clearly Tom has no idea of Sherlock’s idea on small talk. John better not imagines what he’ll think of pillow talk. If sleep hadn’t been a problem the night before, it seems that it is far from happening now. John had read enough books, seen enough movies, had enough fantasies to know what bedsharing implied and what it could turn to so very easily. Having no control over his own body while asleep is suddenly all he can think about, dozen of scenarios running through his head, all of them ending in some compromising position.
Sherlock puts down the pen abruptly, standing up. He doesn’t let himself read over what he wrote, not just yet, and abandons both the letter and the journal on his bedroom floor. The room is quiet, too quiet, and refusing to over think
John stares at him for a long moment and Sherlock realises what he just said must sound like. Here he is, vocally wishing there were more serial killers to catch. Exactly the sort of behavior that makes every officer at the Yard hate him. He looks down at his plate, trying to find a way to fix it before John can find an excuse to leave, but another laugh makes him look up.
Now come back, talking
“If I wanted to shop I’ll go to a shopping mall.” Sherlock cut her off harshly, “If I don’t make it to London tonight dozens of people will die.”
tomorrow then. Goodnight,
“I don’t…”
"No."
A note?
"I know," Matthew smiles, bowing his head. "It's fast, but it really doesn't feel like it, and when Sherlock said yes, I realised I wasn't the only one feeling this way."
“Of course they are.”
“Yes, back in college,” Victor replies.
What Sherlock learns to love the most are the small things. John’s kisses and what each of them holds,
. “What Timothy did was reckless, but at least it got them there.”
“I only allowed myself to think about you that way two months after you moved in.”
John looks up sharply, finding Greg’s eyes on him and reading the worry there.
“John.”
Sherlock obliges him quickly, the both of them getting lost into the touch. John takes care of Sherlock's own shirt slowly, placing it next to his on the floor and the first contact of his hands against Sherlock's back makes them both whimper into the kiss. Sherlock is shivering again, having settled on top of him, but John knows he'll be switching their positions soon. He lets him go after another deep kiss, and Sherlock seems more hesitant now, pushing John's trousers down his legs in one quick movement.
“No.”
“Here, take her,” he says, placing Rosie in her arms. “I’m going to get the bags. Sherlock, help me?”
“Now that it is later,” Sherlock says into yet another kiss, “can I still say what I want?”
And with that, Sherlock realises he’s allowed to
Sherlock's eyes drop to his lips, "Will you let me touch you afterward?"
"I saw the picture," John continues softly. "The one on your bedside table."
And I want to tell
to take care of Rosie
That was what you got, wasn’t it? Keeping up a relationship long distance was already hard and not made easier if one party was in the army. He saw the way his mates suffered. The way they bashed out every last piece of opportunity and time to get an e-mail, a letter or a call in to their loved ones. While John really missed the security and love a relationship offered, he also felt lucky at least as long as he was on deployment. Now, the thought of returning to a partner for the holidays was so much more appealing than going to his sister. He sighed. Getting down about something you couldn’t change simply wouldn’t cut it tonight. Even if Sherlock wasn’t down here and even if it was just one night, John would do his damnedest to get that.
“You won’t hurt me, John,” Sherlock whispers, feeling him tense at the words. “I know you’re scared you will, after what happened, after what we did to each other, but you’ve worked on it.” John pulls away, frowning at him. “I’ve noticed you’ve been seeing Ella again.”
Sherlock dismisses both the demand and compliment with a wave of his hand, focusing on the mass of people dancing in front of him. He plays for a time, deducing people here and there, partners or not, people who came in the hope of meeting someone, people who came for the first time, people who came simply to find someone to spend the rest night with. He looks at them all, read their life stories, ambitions and secrets, but finds that he does not care about any of them. Each and every one of those people, boring and without interest. He did not come here for them, but knows he’s going to have to become part of the group, part of the crowd.
"I wouldn't have minded at all, no," John smiles, eyes dropping to his lips, and Sherlock inhales deeply. "But we're in the same bed now."
Alright. She must be
:  j.h.watson@email.co.uk
“No matter what happened, this isn’t a date I want to forget about. After all they are right, this is an anniversary”
“Morning Patrick,” John smiles, climbing down the last few steps to shake his hand.
“It might sound stupid to you,” John continues, eyes tracing from him to the nightstand to the door and back. “But I can’t help it. Even now, I look at you and I can’t stop wondering what you must think of me. After everything that happened, after Mary and the constant stream of failed relationships. How can I ever make you feel secured and lo-” John inhales deeply, and Sherlock finds himself hanging to his next word. “And loved.”
“Can’t you deduce it?”
John chuckles a bit, the sound sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine and making his lips curl into a small smile.
“I should go back to work,” John says, not exactly sure what his reply should be.
“Coming?” He asked, playing along with John’s teasing attitude.
ready for the overwhelming feeling bursting inside his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are the two of you alri-” Mrs Hudson’s voice trails off, and surely she must have noticed
John stops dead, eyes going from Sherlock’s figure, wearing only his pajamas pants, to the giant, greenish hole in his matress. Relief washes over, accompanied by an uncontrollable giggle.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice is almost too quiet, whispering into his ear.
XX67: Goodbye, John.
"Pa' is usually the one staring in silence," Rosie finally says, smiling.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but goes quickly, sighing happily when John’s arm close around him. He relaxes a bit more, tangling his legs with John’s and letting his hands find his lower back.
“Sherlock, this is Tom, a colleague,” John says, unable to stop himself from smiling. “Tom, this is Sherlock, my boyfriend.”
“Then, when the mood is set, you get closer to him, it doesn’t have to be that subtle, he’ll clearly be wanting the same thing anyway.”
It takes a long minute for John to place a face with the name, “That’s nice.”
We used to see each
Sherlock looks back at John, finding him so very close, "But you wouldn't have minded sleeping in the downstairs bedroom."
I was good at this once.
Sherlock can’t find anything,
“All right?” John asks, having stilled, and Sherlock can’t nod fast enough, all of him screaming for more already. He bites down on his lower lip, repressing another moan. “You’ll feel better after,” John says, as if to excuse his behavior, starting to rub his thigh against Sherlock’s crotch. “We both will.”
It is soft and somehow fragile, barey a touch of lips.
“That we’d be kissing, today. The letters.”
“Obviously, yes.”
“Sherlock,” he says quietly. “See, very nice.”
“What I imagined?”
“Yes,” Sherlock manages to breath out this time, throat dry. “Alright.”
"And he's not being discreet about it, yeah," Arnold smiles, leaning closer. "Is this a
When he came back to London, Sherlock would become the only consulting detective in the world. He only had to make sure not to lose his suspect in the enormous airport, which seemed a lot more difficult than he had anticipated.
In my own letters.
“You said… you choose…”
) I’ve just finished the letter from Sherlock.
"Everything's fine," Sherlock asserts, walking past him to the kitchen and pouring himself a glass of water. He keeps his back turned to him, and John clenches his jaw, trying to shake the surprise off. "But you can't stay. Go home."
“I usually am, yes,” Sherlock replies, smirking.
John licks his lips, dozens of questions on the tips of his tongue. "The two of you seemed pretty close," he says instead.
"I'm certain there are things you haven't forgive me for as well."
“That’s how I rate my cases, from zero to ten.”
Rosie’s calling. I’ll see
Of course. I take it she’s feeling better.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, simply going for the cupboard above the sink and bringing back scotch and two glasses with him. He pours them both some before sitting in his chair, raising his glass towards John’s and taking a first sip. John remembers to do the same, not watching Sherlock’s lips closing around the glass. The liquor is warm down his throat, his head already buzzing.
He keeps his eyes closed, listening to Rosie’s rambling in the other room, and the faint sound of cars passing down the street. He allows himself a second more, just enough time to prepare himself for everything that is not going to happen today. Just a second more to let it all sink in, again. He should be used to it now, after months of waking up alone in this very same bed, but he can’t help but feel the knot in his chest expand and expand to a point where even breathing becomes unbearable.
“So of course I came out of my office to see what was happening, leaving poor Mrs Dusty alone, half undressed.”
“Fine, as you wan-“
“You let your barrier fall down, for just a second, you let it all show and I couldn’t believe all that I was seeing, reading all over you.”
“Here.”
XX32: Without having to go to my flat at night.
John's eyes flutter close briefly, "Are you in danger?"
John’s fingers tighten around his cup and Sherlock notes the quiet, sharp inhale through his nose. John is still looking at the fire. Sherlock finds himself hoping he’d meet his eyes again.
“Stop,” John says, shaking his head. “I know what you’re going to say, and it’s not what I need, or even want, to hear right now.”
He spends the entire drive to Baker Street trying hard not to think about what he’d say once he’s there. Prepared speeches were never his forte, and he knows all too well the words would escape him anyway once he’s face to face with Sherlock. It takes him a long moment to find somewhere to park, and when he finally finds himself in front of the massive black door, John takes a minute more to let it all sink in.
"I'm going to stop asking you if you're alright now," John smiles, "but promise you'll tell me if something's wrong."
A wrinkle comes alive in the corner of John’s eyes, the echo of his smile slowly blooming on his lips, and Sherlock’s finger aches to reach out, to touch, to feel.
“Make sense.”
I’m glad you gave it to me before leaving.
John slacked his lips around Sherlock’s cock and pulled off slowly. He batted his eyelashes up at his lover. “So desperate already? God, I haven’t even started with you, yet.” He chuckled and gently pulled his teeth over one protruding hipbone. “Let’s see if I can make you scream in the end. What do you think about the whole hotel knowing that you were fucked through the mattress on Christmas? I think it would be a marvellous idea, finding out if that posh voice of you can get hoarse and rough.” John had noticed that Sherlock had been completely thrown off his game when he had first started talking to him, as if no one had ever voiced a word during sex with him. Even if he wanted to John couldn’t hold himself back with all the dirty thoughts running through his head. Sherlock simply inspired a string of profanities and a tug of possessiveness that John resolutely pushed aside. He only had tonight but he would make it count.
“Afghanistan,” the man replies, most likely by habit, and Sherlock can tell the exact moment he realises what he just said. “Wait, how do you-”
(020) XXXX XX67
Sherlock seems to consider the question a little longer and finally begins the tale of the summer he spent with a distant cousin visiting. John listens, unable to stop smiling as he pictures the two boys exploring the woods in the search of rare plants. Desert comes but Sherlock doesn’t stop, now explaining how Derek had managed to make Mummy agree to let them sleep outside for two whole nights.
Sherlock searches for his hand, bringing comfort in the ways he learned over the past few months. He laces their fingers together, waiting until John’s eyes find his. He slowly raises his other hand to cup John’s red, cold cheek, pulling him close enough for another kiss. He lingers there, lips warm despite the freezing air.
“If you say so,” Lestrade replies, typing quickly before setting his phone back on the table. “Now, we wait.”
had to be said.
“This time?” Greg says, rising an eyebrow.
You feel like the luckiest man in the world.
John bites down his lower lips.
I hated your wedding. Every single second of it.
“Awkward?” John smiles.
red : work investigations => Yes!
for a long time. But at the same, Sherlock can’t be thinking about what is going to happen because it makes his stomach turns into knots and his breath goes short.
"Thank you," John replies, forcing himself to look up from his phone but Arnold is already walking away and disappearing into the crowd.
“It is not the point,” Sherlock sighed, cursing himself for not stealing ones of Lestrade’s before leaving.
Sherlock’s voice is soft, softer than John has ever heard before.
XX32: Nevermind, you don’t have t-
"I'm not sure I can pinpoint the moment it began," Sherlock says with a shake of his head. "Was it during cases, chases or stake outs, in dark alleys, cabs or trains? Or was it in restaurants, shops or hotels, during mornings here or diners anywhere else." He stops. "I can't be sure, can't tell when I realised you were right here and I didn't want you gone, didn't want you to take another step except if it was towards me." He exhales loudly, and John waits patiently. "I know now that I spent too long denying it was happening at all, that I kept my eyes closed against all the obvious signs, and that when I finally came to terms with all I was feeling, it was too late."
Sherlock lifted himself up, John’s cock almost slipping out of him before baring down again, the moan escaping John making Sherlock tremble. He began to rock his hips, setting a regular pace that could not bring them off but send thrills of pleasure through Sherlock’s entire body.
Sherlock is certain he’s blushing again, and he pretends to be searching for Angelo to look away from John. He needs to regain some posture or else this is going to end with John laughing in his face, or even worse, realising just how lost he feels.
“Quite,” Sherlock replies. “Quentin, after sending us that email yesterday, found out that his flatmate’s mother in France hadn’t heard from him in days.”
“I don’t understand,” John continues, lips brushing Sherlock’s neck. “Are you…. I mean, were you here to-”
“And what are you exactly looking for?” John  inquired interested, walking next to him.
"As you may have deduced, the feeling is reciprocal."
“I should take your number,” Victor says on his way out. “In case I’m not sure what to bring back exactly.”
“That’s a good one, yes,” John laughs. “But finding out that people were smuggling the kids out of town to give them a better life really was all Sherlock’s doing. I was just putting it down into words afterward.”
But I’ll be there early
His eyes find his watch a dozen times on the way to the nearest costume shop. He can't miss his chance and let Sherlock and Matthew leave without being able to follow. Just for tonight, just this once he's going to cross the line, one last time. It doesn't matter that Sherlock told him to go, doesn't matter he chose someone else to fill the empty space in John's chair. He can't let it go so easily, can't let Sherlock go without being absolutely certain he's not making the worst mistake of his life. One he should have fixed months, no, years ago already.
Sherlock’s breathing is quiet and regular next to him, lying just as still. John wonders what they must look like. He finds himself smiling, picturing Tom storming in and pointing how wrong it all is. He shakes the smile off quickly. He can’t let himself relax too much. Strong will got him this far, it will get him through the night too without having to explain to Sherlock how desperately in love with him he is in the morning.
“I’m quite certain you’re not allowed to pass this door,” the man continued, stepping forward when Sherlock unlocked the door.
Tomorrow.
Sherlock feels his legs give up under him, the weight of everything he’s kept so well hidden for so long suddenly wearing off, and John catches him by the waist, chuckling, “Maybe we should sit down.”
“Of course,” Sherlock says after a beat of silence.
Are you sulking now?
XX67: (
be just fine.
“Sherlock, I don’t remember saying I was repulsed by the idea.” He gets up, breathing in deeply. “I simply don’t like the lying that it implies.”
“I’m going to get them now then.” He stands up too, leaving his cup on the table. “Thank you for the coffee John.”
Absolutely nothing can.
John nods.
soon, ok?
Sherlock looks away for a second, something close to a blush creeping up his neck, "We could -- if that's what you want of course, we could talk about it once we're back home."
Silence, heavy but still somehow comfortable, settles between them once more. Sherlock waits. Talking about a future neither of them can properly assure is, after all, the most serious conversation they’ve managed to share in months - years, to be entirely honest, and if it means that this time silence has to be the answer, then Sherlock is going to accept it as it is.
XX67: I don’t think I would have been able to go through today having read what you wrote in the morning.
“No you wouldn’t,” John smiles, getting into the car after him. “It was silly and filled with magical creatures.”
didn’t want to.
Because, you see, coming home to you had been the only thing that kept me alive those two years I spent away. Despite the torture, despite the hiding, despite the death and fights and cold nights, I stayed alive because I knew, someday, I’d be able to come home to you. And, stupidly enough, in none of the scenarios I let myself imagine, were you about to be engaged.
“You’ve got to be jocking!”
John moves closer, his voice barely a whisper, “But did you?”
"That's a first," John chuckles. "Apologizing for sulking." Sherlock remains silent, tightening his hold around him. It takes John another long moment to realise what that sorry actually meant. "You know,” he breathes, smiling, "you don't have to change anything, right?"
every day lately.
“What can I get you beautiful?”
Sherlock nods, already out of ideas of what to do or say, but John is breathing out deeply before smiling, “Should we go in?”
XX67: A lot to take in.
“Oh yes!” Thomas exclaims, getting to his feet. “I’ll be there! Goodbye Mr. Watson, Mr. Holmes!”
“I chose not to watch the two of you flirt,” John corrects him.
Sherlock nods and walks away, knowing perfectly that the color of his cheeks had already betrayed him anyway. He waits until he hear the bathroom door closed before sitting on his bed and exhaling loudly. He eyes the still warm mug for a long moment before deciding against it. He’s not sure he can drink anything right now, not with his throat feeling this closed and his stomach full of knots.
It all happens in a blur, from John’s mouth descending to his neck to the feeling of their bare erections brushing together when they finally manage to remove both of their pants. Sherlock catalogues it all, in between moments of complete bliss, and hopes each time will feel just a marvelous as this one. On a silent accord, they slow back down the moment John’s fingers slide down his sides and to his hips. Sherlock exhales loudly, nails dug into John’s back, and looks down to watch him kiss his way to his navel.
“It wouldn’t surprise me,” John says.
"I didn't mean what I said earlier," Sherlock finally says, turning to face him.
“Goldman and cie, private bank.” Victor sighs, actually looking desperate. “I really need your help, Sherlock. I know we haven’t talked in years, but I know I can trust you to find out who’s trying to get me arrested.”
Sherlock is close, so very close, when John blinks awake.
02:36
“Mr. Holmes says you’re his conductor of light,” Thomas objects, “that without you, he couldn’t think properly enough to solve any cases.”
John looks at him for a long moment before smiling back. “Sorry. I’ve been feeling like a bloody teenager ever since, and I tend to ramble when I’m nervous.”
In arms that terrify
“Sofa?”
Watching me?
They stare at each other in silence, the proximity of John’s lips to his own making Sherlock’s head spin just a little.
He would have, could have. This John is just as happy, just as… in love. And it’s not logical because I’ve seen John in love, I’ve seen him smile and dance on his wedding day. I’ve seen John Watson happy before, and yet-
“I actually know a good restaurant you will like,” Sherlock says, smiling again.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, lips stretching into a smile that John really can’t not kiss.
I open the front, my entire body shivering but not from the cold air outside. I know I’m still too dazzled, know that I have to regain some posture or else John will smile that smile of his, and I will once again forget to pretend being mad. I’m not exactly sure how to describe the day that just passed, nor the too many emotions that threatened to overwhelm me more than once. And yet, I wish I could find a way, any way really, to make John stay just a few minutes more.
: 01/31/16
She’s waking up, better go check on her. I’ll talk to you later.
John doesn’t reply, wondering what Tom would say if he were to tell a few stories.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, both hands forcing John to look back at him. “Tonight is about more than just sex,” he continues, blushing but not looking away this time. “But I think it’s fairly obvious that I want you just as much.”
Happy Anniversary.
Sherlock stares at him before shaking his head, but John doesn't have the time to panic before he's being pushed to lie down. He laughs as Sherlock lies on top of him before groaning and pulling him up to take his place. His laughter is still echoing in the dark room,  as John lets himself be pulled down. "Satisfied?" He asks, lying half on top of Sherlock now, and his breath catches when he feels Sherlock nuzzle his head against his neck. "You did this at the club, switching our position."
“Good,” John says, already relaxing just a little.
found me, Sherlock.
The song ends, John catching Sherlock’s eyes once again. One more and he’ll go to him, he thinks, heartbeat fastening.
“Not really,” Sherlock replies, not looking up. “That lawyer was clearly driven by resentment and did a poor job covering his trace.”
“Maybe, for once, we can both stare,” Sherlock smiles back.
"I..." John begins before giving up on finding an excuse. There's no time for those anymore. "Yes."
: 01/29/16
“So, Quentin, tell me,” he says, pacing around the living room. “When did Timothy leave?”
"You're beautiful," Matthew is saying, followed by more kissing, against Sherlock's skin this time. "I can't believe my luck. The great Sherlock Holmes, just for me."
John nods, swallowing around the tightness in his throat.
“Tired?” he asks, leaning against the doorframe.
John laughed, really vividly imagining the enigmatic personality bustling through a crime scene and a lot of her majesty’s finest accepting their fate.
Are you staying all
"I did too, you know, rather a lot," John smiles. "Did it feel good, when you thought about it?"
John shakes his head, shutting his eyes, “That’s also what I’m afraid of, right there. You can’t just delete all the bad things, and decide it didn’t happened.”
“Is this one alright?” She asks, pointing to the table near the window.
“He asked for it.” Sherlock replied, laughing with him.
John ignores him, gathering the remains of his lunch and getting up.
John gives up, nodding a few times. They spend the rest of the drive in silence, John focus on the road. It feels strangely comfortable, thinking of the one bed waiting for them, and he finds that he cannot wait to fall asleep with arms full of Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
XX67: I’ll be there.
He waits until she's taking her bag upstairs before taking a deep breath and heading to Sherlock's lab. He knocks twice, softly, "Sherlock?" With no reply, he opens the door slowly and peeks inside only to find Sherlock lying on the sofa there, eyes closed. He hesitates just a second before stepping in, deciding here and now he's not going to doubt himself again, and walks to the sofa. "Sherlock, I know you're not sleeping," he says, brushing a finger against Sherlock's temple, "or even locked in there."
“But if he hasn’t, then anything’s possible mate.”
"She put on the most brilliant costume there is," Sherlock says, pointing to the bee dress Rosie still hasn't agreed to take off, "and she can't even show it off."
Sherlock nods, his fingers now tracing lines across his chest.
Rosie stares up at him, speaking nonsense while tugging at her costume, and John smiles tenderly at her. He could still remember perfectly the month he had spent away from Sherlock after his wedding, how reckless he had become, how many times he had opened the door wishing to find Sherlock standing there with a case and dragging him out of his already too suffocating flat. But here he is again, in a flat that hasn't changed much despite the baby's furniture and the ghost of his dead wife threatening to appear at every corner. Sometimes he can't actually believe he hasn’t moved out yet, still hasn't found the guts to ask Sherlock if there is any chance he would agree to let them move in, even just for a little while. Christ, for that, he first needs to find the courage to send a bloody text.
Sherlock's eyes light up with something bright, "What point?"
"Found it?" John asks with a smile, finding that he rather prefers when Sherlock's eyes are fixed on him than on some painting of a dark horses on the wall.
10:28
XX32: And I sleep in our bed.
Surprised, John lets himself being pulled to their right, walking deeper into the woods. Sherlock’s fingers are warm around his wrist, and John lets out a sigh when he lets go. Still, he makes sure to walk just as closely as before.
"Maybe," Sherlock replies. "I'm not sure."
“I’ll warm you up,” John says, managing to sound cheeky even half asleep.
Sherlock stands up, reaching for his dressing gown and heading for the door, “I’ll say I was in the shower.”
John pours them both a cup of tea, fetching some of Sherlock’s favorite biscuits in the vain hope it will cheer up his mood just a little. He goes back to the living room, finding his lover still sulking and looking absolutely cute doing so (not that he would say it out loud if he valued his life).
I know it is.
“Have you told Mike yet?” Tom asks, ignoring his remark.
“You’ll see.”
plenty of that.
“I’m happy we did this.”
some more … things
“Of course you had a treehouse,” John says, grinning.
John Watson-Holmes
He hesitates for a full minute before asking, “What?”
“No problem I’ll find him and then you can take a look.” the consulting detective waved his hand at John, dismissing the other’s concerns.
“But not anymore?”
You’ve probably now guessed why we are writing these letters, and why I’ve kept my universe for last. There is a high chance my next letter will be the last one, or at least I’m hoping it will, it would mean we’ve made the right choice doing all
Where?
John bumps their noses together, "I'm the luckiest man alive."
“How did you know that?” The man asked after a minute of silence, clearly having tried to figured it out for himself beforehand.
Sherlock enters without knocking, changed into his navy suit. He meets John's eyes for a brief second before focusing on Horsen. Lestrade sighs loudly before beginning, "Alright, since you don't know much, let's take it from the start. This is Steven Horsen, a serial killer who only kills on Halloween night. He’s already killed four people, but it was Sherlock who managed to link them all a few months ago. All four murders took place in different cities, and with a complete year between them, the police didn't make the connection."
“Considering the colour of the paper and the fact that we haven’t checked for decades, a very long time.”
XX67: Yes.
I only have to close my eyes to see the two of us lying in your bed, face to face, not speaking a word and yet telling the other
"Maybe one day I'll tell you about all I dared to imagine while I was away," Sherlock promises, watching as John's eyes light up with curiosity.
"John..." Sherlock murmurs, unable to form another word.
He closes his eyes, wishing all thoughts away and practically falling off the bed at the sound of the front door closing. Heart racing, he pushes away Sherlock pillow and rolls to his back, hands clasped on his stomach. Footsteps to the first floor, kitchen, bathroom. Shower then, quick, teeth and pajamas. The stairs.
Sherlock's eyes find the wrinkles on his face, witness of the years they have spent apart. He represses another shiver, not letting this ever so familiar ache spread through his chest.
“The food is amazing, you were right.”
John lets out a small laugh, "I don't give a fuck if
“I…” he begins, blushing again. “I’m sorry it was so… fast.”
John breathes in deeply. “Ok. Going now.”
Letters got us this far
John licks his lower lip, the hand at his side tightening into a fist, “Are we not friends anymore, then?”
Sherlock’s face breaks into a grin, so bright that it makes all of John aches for more.
co.uk
, Sherlock wants to say. John is not allowed to say those things, not now, not when Sherlock is about to explode from all those bubble of warmth spreading throughout his chest.
John doesn’t need to be told twice, leading them both to their bed and letting Sherlock lie down first. He crawls on top of him slowly, hands pulling Sherlock’s shirt up his chest and over his head, mouth kissing every patch of skin on the way. Sherlock exhales loudly, legs falling apart to let John settle there. He shivers at the feeling of John’s hardening cock, now gently pressed against his own. His hands fall all the way to John’s arse, adding a bit more pressure to the touch.
Sherlock smiles, a faint blush on his cheeks, “I could say the same.”
“Yes, thank God,” John says, looking over at Sherlock with the paramedic. “It was close this time.”
With one last smile, John turned his back to him and walked away. Sherlock’s mind supplied him with three differents way of calling the soldier back and hold his attention for the rest of the night. He clearly saw the spark of interest in the man's eyes during their time together, and Sherlock didn’t bother to deny the fact that he was equally attracted. He only needed to call John’s name, propose him to look for a hotel together and let Jon work it out. It wouldn’t take him long to realise they could finish the night in the same bed and part in the morning, like any grown up.
“Let me get you a vase, we must have one somewhere.”
“Sherlock?”
“Oh course I know what twitter is,” Sherlock replies, “But it still doesn’t explain what I’m looking at.”
“Don’t worry, you won’t be late,” she says.
“Oh, right.”
Will you tell me about it,
“Well, I do,” John says, eyes fluttering closed for a second. “I can’t believe this is happening, tonight of all nights.”
Sherlock remains silent, one of his fingers playing with John’s hands.
“You’ll never find me,” he reads out loud before frowning. “That’s stupid, he obviously found me.”
“Which ones?”
"I'm sure you'll adore him," he finally breathes out, looking back at Rosie still playing and finding it quite easy to picture this exact same scene in the warm, comfortable living room of 221B. Rosie makes a small sound of agreement, now staring back at him, and John forces himself to get up. "Come on, let's finish dressing up before it gets dark."
The evidence consist of a letter, white paper, blue ink.
Sherlock's entire body shudders, a groan escaping him, the most sensual sound John has ever heard. "I wanted to do that... to you," he says, one hand now tugging at John's shirt, almost pulling it out of his trousers. "I wanted to discover your taste, inch by inch, vein after vein. I couldn't think about anything else, couldn't focus on the game."
"I know," Sherlock breathes quietly.
“Things happened since that time, sweetheart,” John says, sitting down, the weight of all the years that had gone by suddenly too much to bear.
This letter was supposed to be about the fourth universe only, but considering the recent development in your own universe, I’m going to have to change the plan a little. So before going down to that universe, I want to talk to you about what’s happening inside your head right this moment.
I hate this, Sherlock. I hate that I can’t stop staring at my name attached to yours. I hate that I can’t stop picking up that photo of you - no, of him, and wonder what it would feel like to kiss you awake. I hate that this is the closest I will ever get to what I dreamt about for years. I hate that I am now waiting for the next letter, the next photo.
“Then why not make it obvious, then?”
“I don’t know why you are so interested in my family history. Perhaps it is because your parents have always been rather strict. You grew up in a conservative household. When you sibling came out, you witnessed how disappointed your parents were so you never told them about your bisexuality. With the disapproval of your parents, I guess especially your father’s, your sibling slipped deeper and deeper into a drug problem, probably alcohol. Your parents are either dead or live outside London since you will spend your Christmas leave with your sibling and are already thinking about renting a hotel instead. Thus no good connection with either your parents or your sibling. Later probably because as a doctor you tried to help but since they are older, they wouldn’t accept.”
_________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock wanted to tell John how much he had craved for this level of passion before, how many times he had wished to know how it felt to ache for more. But Sherlock kept his mouth shut, letting John drive him mad with lust with each press of his fingers and opening himself as best as he could. He felt John add another finger, the stretch making Sherlock wince and he pulled John up to him again. He licked inside John’s mouth, his tongue sliding against John’s, making sure he could always remember John’s taste afterwards. A guttural moan rumbled from his throat as John’s fingers hit his prostate twice in a row.
or be with you, or kiss
reading it.
“I got everything ready,” John replies, wishing he could stop babbling nonsense. “If you’re hungry.”
Did you realise, we’ve
“You found this?” Sherlock asks, looking up from the screen.
He's not sure how long he sits there, staring at a door which won't open while trying to ignore the voice in his head supplying him with all the things that could be happening inside 221B as he waits here. The moment Matthew walks out, dressed as a cowboy with the most ridiculous hat he has ever seen, John is up on his feet and hiding behind a tree. He watches as Sherlock follows close behind, wearing a pirate costume that makes John want to both laugh and scream at the same time. Christ, he should have been the one to suggest a pirate costume back when Lestrade had been begging him to find a way to drag Sherlock to one of his halloween parties.
“What would you have said?”
“No”, John murmurs, lowering his head to the pillow. “I’m terrified.”
"Look closer," Sherlock commands, pointing to a part of the wall right next to the painting. "What do you see?"
The airport was a different kind of obstacle course. John was used to the military ones but with the amount of other passengers here, he was running slalom around suitcases and hoards of travellers. It didn’t imped his progress too much, though. Thankful for his many years of rugby before the military service, John closed the  last gap between himself and the suspect. Marks didn’t slow down so John had to tackle him to the ground, quickly fixating arms and legs so every conceivable danger was under control.
"Don't I?"
John isn't sure how long they remain this way, pulling away only to kiss again right away, but Sherlock is slowly relaxing into the touch, making it easier for John to truly break them apart this time, "Sofa?" He asks, taking advantage of Sherlock's dazzled look to walk them both towards it. He sits down slowly, Sherlock taking the space next to him, and he waits until Sherlock's eyes focus on him again before saying, "All right?"
) John, your letter, I - You have to know, those things you wrote, I’ve never dared to dig that much into you, never dared to push my deductions that far. I always stopped myself, always looked away and focused on something else. This, all this, it was private, not mine to look for. (
“Thank you,” Victor says, laughing with relief. “Thank you so much.”
"You don't know him, do you?" He asks in a murmur. "You've barely seen him, barely been around him at all."
00:35 Google Sherlock Watson-Holmes - Google search
Pauline.
It takes all of Sherlock’s courage to speak the next words, “You want to kiss me.” John nods. “You’ve wanted to kiss me before.” Another nod. “You want more than just kissing me.”
"Sherlock," John stops him, smiling. "You're rambling."
John sighs, putting down his book. “It’s a very nice name.”
when Rosie’s napping.
Yes. Addressed to the
) I want these letters to help us move from friendship to something more, to something… romantic. A relationship, a real one. Like the one they have.
“Two years,” Quentin replies. “But we’ve known each other since kindergarten.”
“Yes, alright,” John says, trying to control his pounding heart. “There’s something we can try, we won’t even have to remove our clothes.”
other every day before.
John watches him leave the room, out off words. He remains lying there for another minute or two, trying to process what happened exactly. Curiosity getting the best of him, he ends up hurrying to put on an old jean and a shirt, climbing down the stairs all the way to 221C. A tall, tan, handsome man is waiting there, looking at him and smiling.
"Nice escape," Rosie calls after him, and John can't help but laugh, not quite missing Sherlock's own amused smile.
“Right.”
"Well, I'm telling you now," John says. "I want you and you only."
I really had a good
“Oh, John, she is absolutely beautiful,” Violet exclames as soon as she sees Rosie. “Adorable.”
John exhales loudly, "We have all the time in the world."
Sherlock's voice is hoarse as he says, "Yes."
They walk to the bed without looking away from each other eyes, and when John pulls them both down, Sherlock has stopped breathing entirely. He places the bottle next to the pillow, not needing it now anyway, and strokes Sherlock's cheeks slowly, "Anything in particular you want to begin with?"
) I read your letter last night and wanted to call then, but I thought I should think first, run things through before ending up saying nonsense, so yeah, I’m calling now. And rambling. (
John watches as he inhales deeply, his own breath coming short at the mere mention of
Sherlock rolls his eyes but doesn’t object, which tells John everything he needs to know. Their wine arrive quickly, the both of them taking a sip in silent. John can’t help but stare some more, finding it hard to look away from Sherlock.
“Maybe she’s just not used to sleeping here.”
"We are," Sherlock breathes, slowly letting it all sink in.
That being said I know you’re still going to need time to process everything that happened, and I expect the two of you to still
That one day I could be yours in every sense of the word.
"Twice you said Horsen liked his victims to be virgins," he says, refusing to look away from Sherlock's eyes. "Did you fake that too?"
only adds to this feeling of urgency slowly but surely taking over them both.
John smiles, taking off his mask, "I understand that."
John’s eyes find his, searching for a second before breaking into a smile, “Is it bad if I’m actually glad the heat broke?”
tomorrow again?
“Maybe they’re just afraid of you,” John smiles. “You must have quite a reputation, no?”
Sherlock stares and stares, unable to move, not sure he’s breathing anymore, and finally allows himself to close his eyes and breathe out. Even after just reading the letter twice, he can recite each word with a strange precision.
“John and I aren’t finished yet,” Sherlock says, already lost in the lecture of the said document. “But you’re welcomed to stay. Tea?”
“I’ll have Charles come and get it later this week,” she says, already walking back to her car quickly. “Sorry again. Have a good day, Mr. Holmes.”
(I'm posting this before my beta can read it, but I'll update the version as soon as she does. I didn't want to make you wait any longer!)
“Has this happened before?”
“I wouldn’t be if I could lie in my bed,” Sherlock replies, pointing to the hole.
you if we’re in the same
- Letters found under a lath in Sherlock’s bedroom, the name
“Now, that’s already quite enough to keep us busy for a week or two,” John says proudly.
look, barely four seconds of eye contact, and that it makes both his mind and body ache for
Victor, who had finished a long time ago, lunches to his feet. He stops right behind Sherlock’s chair, much closer than necessary.
Sherlock studies for a long moment, reading worry in the lines around John’s eyes, but also determination in his smile. And Sherlock loves him, loves to a point it makes it hard to trust any of his observations and not actually caring about it anyway. “I am not hating it.”
“Hold on,” John laughs. “It is just that, an idea.”
"What are you doing here, John?"
“You’re thinking about moving back here.”
John opens his mouth but not a word comes out.
He waits another second or so before reaching for the light and turning it off. Darkness surrounds them like a second duvet, warm and comfortable. He doesn’t keep his eyes open too long, focusing on his breathing. Trying to ignore Sherlock’s presence would be foolish considering the tangible distance between them right now, and so John doesn’t. He slowly lets himself get used to it, his own skin warming up to Sherlock’s body heat.
They stare at each other just a little too long. John clears his throat, looking down and giving up on finding anything else to say. He nods twice instead, fleeing. The bed upstairs is just as they left it this morning, unmade and undeniably baring the traces of both their bodies. John gets to his side, breathing in and out slowly. Treacherous as always, time flies by, and before John can totally assimilate the fact that they’ll be spending another night together, Sherlock is climbing up the stairs and joining him.
"But," Sherlock breathes, closing his eyes. "But I had spent two years thinking about nothing else but coming back to you, and there weren't any doubts anymore. I was in love with you, and I was going to do everything in my power to survive Moriarty and come back to tell you." He pauses. "And then there was Mary, kind, sweet Mary that liked me and let you live the life all your previous girlfriends didn't understand. And you stayed with her, John."
"My room?" Sherlock frowns before realising what it means. He looks away, feeling himself blush. "Oh."
“Come up”, he murmured, “Let me get the shirt off of you.”
Lestrade clears his throat, turning right into the Yard's car park, "I only need a deposition and then you're free to go."
"That's not what I was tal-" he begins before stopping himself.
"It did," John replies. "It's bit complicated."
Sherlock nods again, leaning down to steal a brief kiss.
“I’ll need to take down your statements.” The chief of security pointed out, “Both of yours.”
Sleep find them both without having exchange a single word, and John can’t help but wonder how it was only this morning that they came so close to much more.
“At least you have experience doing so,” Sherlock whispers back, eyes not quite meeting his.
Sherlock looks himself over one last time in the mirror. He knows this is probably ridiculous, that John would roll his eyes and drag him away, but he can’t help himself. They’ve been working towards this for the past month now, slowly, just as they agreed, and Sherlock has to say he is now more than impatient than ever to take the last step. Still, it doesn’t mean he isn’t deadly nervous about it all. John had been nothing more sweet and loving these past four weeks, the two of them going to bed together every night and letting their hands and mouths discover the other inch by inch. He can still remember the first time John’s finger had closed around his erection, how quickly pleasure had taken over and the burning look in John’s eyes long afterwards. There had been many more of that after, Sherlock gradually working his way to touching John too and bringing him over the edge. Now that is something Sherlock knows he won’t ever get used to: the moans and shivers and the way his name sounded on John’s panting breath.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, kissing him again, more urgently this time. Of course their first night in the same bed would worry him. After all, they still haven’t talked about Sherlock’s last letter, despite John’s numerous attempts to do so. Somehow, Sherlock always finds a way to escape it, with kisses most of the time, but also by simply disappearing from the room with some weak excuse. John hasn’t said anything, letting him walk away with it. It’s obvious forcing Sherlock to talk wouldn’t work, and if he’s still not ready to talk about it, then John can wait.
John isn't in control anymore, his every sense on fire, and he pushes into Sherlock's body, already desperate for more. Letting go of his hand, Sherlock slides both of his down John's back and onto his arse, applying more pressure to their already glued bodies. Moaning at the clear evidence of Sherlock's arousal against his own, John raises both hands to his head, pushing away the ridiculous pirate hat and threading his fingers through Sherlock's curls, deepening the kiss even more. He holds back a cry of surprise when Sherlock pulls him off the door only to take his place there, keeping them close, and this new position makes John's blood boil with desire.
He’s surprised to find the sofa empty when he comes back downstairs, and even more when he finds Sherlock already in bed.
“Sure?”
It was more than alright,
“I know,” John laughs, “blame it on the cold.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, eyes shining but his teeth worrying at his lower lip.
“Yes that’s- , I mean no, no, I don’t... mind.”
“Mummy,” Sherlock calls out, not taking his eyes off John. “I’m going to show John something, we’ll find you later.”
XX32: (
John could burst out laughing. Or cry, maybe.
Sherlock remains silence for a second, maybe two. "Whatever you came here for, obviously."
“Oh no, that won’t work.” John growled and ran after him.
"Da," Rosie calls, bringing him back to reality and he reaches for the toy next to him, placing it on the floor with another smile.
“But you’re scared.”
They don't talk much all the way to Lestrade's office, Sherlock already waiting for them, "My clothes?"
“Because that’s not something you think you’d enjoy?”
“... for agreeing to meet.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"John", Sherlock murmurs again, his name holding promises that make them both shiver.
I can't remember the exact moment when I realised the two people that count the most for me weren't entirely happy.
we need to discuss, but
"I'm in," Rosie smiles, walking toward him and kissing his cheek quickly. "I'm happy you're here, Dad."
"Are you still watching me, after all these years?"
“All is fair in love,” John smiles, winking at him. “Anyhow, writing this down on both our lists. What about a new experiment?”
“Better?” John asks, voice barely a whisper.
John considers the option a second, “What don’t you lie on top of me, that way you can pull away if it’s too much.”
“I almost kissed you,” Sherlock sighs. “That would have been bad.”
“I do,” Sherlock replies after another beat of silence, not sure which strategy to use anymore. “I happen to lose control from time to time,” he continues, staring at John’s scar again. “You’ve witnessed it before.”
“I’m sorry Sir, but I can’t help you without seeing your badge first.”
“How nice,” John mutters under his breath.
Sherlock is waiting by door when it opens, John waking in with a bright smile on his lips and… flowers.
- John’s private blog -
He looks back at Sherlock, unclenching his fingers and standing up, "Sherlock," he calls, waiting for him to turn around and face him. "Will you have any breakfast?"
Mycroft doesn't reply just yet, and Sherlock hears in his silence all the lies he told himself over the years. "What could have been done before doesn't matter now, don't you think?"
“I’m not good at this. I don’t know what to say or what to do, and I don’t want you to think I don’t care, I do, I truly do, but…”
"I can't believe we finally got him. Seven bloody months, for christ's sake,” he sighs, this time the words directed at them.
"I can't believe Sherlock hasn't told you," Matthew sighs. "He's always so busy, always locked in there," he smile, brushing Sherlock's temple with two fingers, and god, was that a shiver? "But you two shared a lot. I thought he'd ask you to be his best man in complete honesty."
It takes another deep breath before Sherlock finally manages to say it out loud, the three words that had been dancing in his head without never breaching his lips. "John loves me."
“The email,” Sherlock replies. “I got confirmation of Timothy’s feeling in their flat.”
Just as I explained, the chapter will e longer now, but I'll try to go back on a regular posting.
. “Yes,” he replies, looking back up.
“John, you… You don’t have to pretend, I know I lack the experience.”
I turn to face him, waiting by the door too now. Rosie is fast asleep in her carseat, and I look down at her, too afraid of what my face could let John know in this very instant.
With one last slightly harder nip to one of the red buds, he pushed Sherlock’s hand down towards his trousers. “I’m sure your clever fingers can get me out of these” He breathed and then straightened up again, looking down at Sherlock hungrily.
the morning. We could
Sherlock smiles, finding that he wouldn't mind having Mycroft sitting next to him right now. He can't remember the last time they were in the same room together, or even the last time they called each other. Some days, he wonders who will call to tell him that his brother has died, who will be the faceless voice on the other line.
“Good thing I’ve found an army doctor then.” Sherlock smiled before opening the door to the airport, John smiling back at him before shaking his head.
“Deal,” John smiles.
John casts a quick look at Sherlock who seems too focused on this Victor to notice, and disappears in the kitchen. He keeps an ear out for anything that might happen in the other room. From here he can only see Sherlock’s back, turned to him, and Victor, just as tall and still too close. He hurries to get three cups ready, pouring coffee with shaking hands.
"Your father is being an idiot," Sherlock replies with a roll of his eyes when John glares at him. "You are."
6) I’ve left this for last, having a lot to say about the army, so many things I’ve decided should remain in that desert, but I can’t do this list without talking about it. A few months after I enrolled, a soldier was assigned with me - a young man, Kevin, barely twenty-three years old. He had a gift for medicine, and we quickly became a good pair. He constantly talked about his kid back home, his wife and the house they were dreaming of. I used to tease him about all the letters he received, all the time, but he didn’t mind. He was a sweet kid, really. He died just a few weeks before I got shot. We were in the middle of this bloody desert, having just patched up men that had been ambushed. I remember him talking about sunburns, the two of us laughing, when a mine exploded right under him. I was standing a few feet away, the explosion knocking me off my feet, and by the time I manage to get up and run to him, he was already half dead. The others had left already, the two of us the last to follow, and I tried, God, I tried to carry him to the car but his intestines were all inside out, I couldn’t move or he’d start begging me to stop. The camp was more than thirty minutes away. I knew I would never have the time to get him back there. And he knew too. So I stayed with him, hands clasped together as he talked about his wife, his kid and their house. I listened until it became too hard to speak, and so I spoke for him, told him about the future he could have, and continued even after he stopped breathing. I carried him to the car, drove back to camp and wrote a letter to his wife. She replied, but I’ve never dared to read it. Maybe… maybe it’s time.
"What the hell is going on?" John finally asks, hands beginning to shake when Sherlock shows no signs of replying. "Sherlock," he says, just a little louder. "What the hell is going on?!"
Sherlock rolls his eyes, sinking deeper into his chair. John puts his book aside, a soft smile forming on his lips. He knew it wouldn’t be easy for Sherlock, but so soon… He walks towards him, trying to catch his eyes.
I don’t have the time or the energy for this, for God’s sake!
His hand has slipped under Sherlock’s shirt, his palm being currently pressed directly against the bare skin of his chest, and John has to resist the urge to stroke. He focuses on Sherlock’s heartbeat instead, slow and regular. His smile grows with each beat, intangible proof of the realness of this moment. Daring the smallest of movement, he brushes, ever so softly, his nose against Sherlock’s nape. Shivers run through Sherlock’s body, and John marvels at the fact of being able to feel them. One more stroke, with just the caress of his lips this time.
"She fell asleep two hours ago," Mrs Hudson replies, "everything's fine."
Sherlock nods, licking his lips before asking, “And how am I supposed to do that?”
"Of course," Mrs Hudson smiles and John watches as the question she's been obviously dying to ask finally breaches her lips, "What about Matthew then?"
“Smells good,” Sherlock says, getting closer to peek at the pan.
John searches for a way to explain all that went through his head that night, how beautiful Sherlock was, how close he had been to letting it all go and giving in, but the words are stuck in his throat. Sherlock's fingers trace his lower lip, speaking for him, "That's just what we do, miss opportunities because we're too afraid."
Sherlock marvels at the thought that he can feel it against his own.
“Come on,” John tries once more. “First item on your list?”
"Not helping, Sherlock."
“Oh yes,” Sherlock replies, meeting John’s eyes for the first time this morning. “Victor reminded me of this jam we used to buy, and he brought me some after lunch yesterday.”
. The thought dazzles him to a point where John stops entirely, looking at him with something close to horror in his eyes, retreating already. “No,” Sherlock says, out of breath. “You can… You’re right I….” He stops, shutting his eyes and wishing he could somehow quiet down the alarms in his head.
"Home," Sherlock breathes.
John follows him inside, surprised to find himself in a the middle of a very large room. He could see how this was a home, with the photographs, paintings and decoration everywhere, but strangely, he didn’t felt like intruding. The woman guided them both to the adjoint room where only four table were dressed, far enough from each other.
Sherlock allows himself to consider every possible answer before saying, “Which part?”
John kisses his nape, properly this time.
"Remember, you tell me if you're uncomfortable," John reminds him, and after another nod, he pushes the tip of his finger in. Sherlock inhales sharply, head falling back on the pillow and his back arching. John stops, keeping his finger still until he's certain he can pull away slowly. Sherlock looks back at him after three or four push, his chest rising heavily now. John, focused on him and him only, dares to push further the next time, to the second knuckle, and is rewarded with a loud moan.
“So, shouldn’t we go ?” John finally inquired, his hands clasped behind his back and the military shirt not quite concealing the hard muscles of his arm.
Once all was settled, they both gazed at her a bit longer, then Sherlock moved around to the same side of the bed as John, so close they were almost touching.  He whispered, “Should I close the blinds, John?” and turned his head towards John conspiratorially.
John leaned further forward, taking one of Sherlock’s hands in his and resting the other against the side of Sherlock’s face, framing those incredible cheekbones and pushing Sherlock’s hair back lightly.  He turned his head to the side a little, aiming for an easy angle, and pressed his lips softly to Sherlock’s, breathing him in as he did so.
“Sherlock, you don’t need to thank me.”
John reached out his hand to Sherlock, now, offering to accompany him into the pool itself.  Sherlock chuckled.  “I’m fine!  Just a bit cold.  Mycroft always thought I was rather a wuss about these things.”
“Rude, John.”
As hurt and overwhelmed as Sherlock was, it was almost peaceful to give up.
Sherlock turned to address John, “Alessia says we can sit here, in the shade, or over there, in the sun.  She recommends the shade, as it’s quite hot in the sun and she’s worried we’ll burn.”
John was chuffed by this.  He
“Yes, please stop repeating me.”
“Sure.  Whatever.  Are you coming for a swim or not?”
John deepened the kiss hungrily, and pulled Sherlock half on top of him, stretching his legs out under the covers.  Sherlock understood, leaning forward and resting his torso against John’s, enjoying the feeling of their chests touching as he kissed John even more deeply than before.  He didn’t know what to do with his hands, so he just left them where they were, one bracing on the bed so he didn’t put his full weight on John, and the other resting lightly on John’s shoulder, the injured one.  He rubbed it rhythmically with his thumb, letting John know that he knew.
“Oh my god, John.  Here, let me spell it out.”  Sherlock threw his hands up in exasperation, a familiar movement that made John huff out a laugh even as he watched and listened closely for what came next. “I’m utterly in love with you.  I loved today, and I want to spend tonight showing you how much.  I’ve got no real idea what I’m doing, but I know you’ll show me, and I have complete faith that we’ll work it out.  Every particle of my being wants to be with you, and that’s enough.  I trust you.”
“He… works?  Don’t you just play with a bear?”
“I did!  Say something, I mean.  I just… I like the feeling of you laying on me, but… “
“Sherlock… this is moving quite fast…”
would be the ticket, did you?”
John chuckled.  “Of course I’m in.  I’m not leaving you alone on a yacht with some ruggedly handsome sea-faring Maltese chap in his early 20s.  I’ll never see you again!  The only reason you put up with me in the first place was the lack of better options.  Can’t leave that to chance anymore; not when I’ve finally locked you in.”
Sherlock looked startled at this, and John rushed on. “Not… not that that’s important.  You might never want that… and that would be ok with me.  But… I realised a while ago that I couldn’t keep this to myself.  I don’t want to do anything to change our relationship… to change us… but not telling you is killing me.  Every time you did something remarkable… solved a case, cooked an incredible meal, just looked at me in that way you have, I was scared it would burst out and I’d freak you out.  Imagine if I told you I loved you in the lab at Bart’s, in front of Molly.  Or forgot myself and took your hand at Angelo’s. Or…”  John drifted off, shuddering as he thought of the many and varied ways his feelings for Sherlock might have spilled out.
out of
“No, you’re not.”
“Do you want me to tell you?”
“Um… Sherlock?” John said, lowering his voice and feeling rather tense. “Mind if I have a quick word?”
“Ahh… no… they’re not really my… but if you like them then you should do it!”  John spluttered, trying to be supportive and failing miserably.
“Was it Tim that made you think of this?”
“Stop, Sherlock.  This is all perfect.  It’s more… it’s more than I could ever have imagined.  I came here today to tell you that I’m sorry, that I want to work things out… that I shouldn’t have yelled at you in the aquarium.  That I miss you.”
“You do know my name!” said Greg, with pleasure.
“No, you really shouldn’t have.  You did everything right.  I wouldn’t have let you in, and I wouldn’t have admitted that I needed you even if you’d forced your way in.  I just wanted to wallow for a while. Feel really, truly terrible.  That the world was a truly awful, unfair, hideous place.   And then… I don’t know what changed.  I got your card – that was unexpected by the way – and I liked the stationery.  I remember thinking ‘I like this stationery, and it doesn’t seem very Sherlock to have this sort of thing laying around’.  And then… I don’t know what changed.  I think I just ran out of energy to be angry and full of hate.   I kept looking at your card, and at Rosie.  And I knew that whatever Mary was, whoever she really was under all the lies, she did genuinely want me to be happy.  And she wouldn’t want me sitting alone with our daughter in a dark apartment.  She’d want me to make it up with you.  And she’d want us to be doing our Sherlock-and-John thing.  She always liked that, you know?  Never jealous, or worried.  I guess that’s one thing I did love about her.”
Sherlock took another deep breath, and turned both his hands over, taking both of John’s in his.
“What did you say to Tim’s dad when you got out?”
Sherlock nodded seriously, shifting down in the bed so he was fully on his side, watching John as John rolled back to stab repeatedly at the plethora of buttons on the bedside table.  “Bloody hotels,” muttered John, eventually finding the right one.  The light switch had a pleasant dimming effect, so they were eased darkness.
Though he desperately wanted to give Sherlock’s perfect arse a squeeze, he thought that was probably a bit fast.  Better go slow and not risk freaking Sherlock out.  They had time.
John chuckled.  He’d thought Sherlock was getting sentimental, just for a second there.
approach, then?”
John gave Sherlock’s hand a squeeze, aware of the depths of this disclosure.  How incredibly private and tightly-held a hope this must have always been.  “Sherlock…”
“Yes, I think so.  I always wanted children; always had this idea of being a father, making a child feel loved and supported.  Teaching him useful things.  Making sure he was never lonely.  Always had someone to talk to, and show things to.”  John’s heart hurt at this, thinking of Sherlock as a boy, curly haired and alone on the playground.  Sherlock continued, “When I realised I wasn’t… you know… that I wasn’t really the sort of person anyone wanted to have children with… I gave it up.  Just assumed it wasn’t meant for me.  It’s been years since I even thought it might be something I could do.”
John chuckled, “No, I suppose he can’t.  Though I have to say, we’ve done pretty well for ourselves.  Wait til you see our view in the morning.  It’s incredible.  I don’t think I’ve stayed in a hotel this nice in my entire life!”
“What?”
John’s heart swelled in his chest, tears pricked his eyes, and he felt overcome by love for this wonderful man.  He wasn’t sure if Sherlock would want him kissing him in public, particularly given this was so new, but he couldn’t let the moment pass.
And with that, John slid his hand from Sherlock’s cheek around to the back of his neck, and gently guided his face down to John’s, into a soft kiss.  After opening briefly in shock, Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed peacefully this time, and he kissed John tenderly, loving the feeling of John’s fingers in his hair.
Sherlock snorted at this.  “Yes.  Nothing to do with your personality, your incredible smile, or the way you’ve literally and emotionally patched me up countless times over the years.  Everything to do with the random chance of you running into Mike Stamford and being foisted upon me in the lab at Bart’s.”
Sherlock nodded at this.
John smiled back, glad that Sherlock had been so responsive.  He hadn’t known, still didn’t know, what experience Sherlock had, and if he’d even be open to this. He felt a bit relieved, if he were honest with himself.  He meant what he’d written in the FAQ, that John was fine with whatever Sherlock wanted, but he was also pretty glad that Sherlock wanted this, at least.
“Yes, really.  I never once doubted what you brought to our partnership, how much value you added to our cases.  I know I didn’t do a good job of showing you that, and I’m going to be different next time.  I’ll never let you doubt what you mean to me again.”
“Are you sure?  That’s a lot…”
“What made you think he knew, then?”
“Christ!” exclaimed Sherlock, as he gave an involuntary thrust into John’s hip.  He was getting harder by the second.  John grinned in the darkness, pleased to have elicited this reaction even as he realised Sherlock was genuinely shocked.
_________________________________
John laughed, picturing two small boys cowering on the edge of some English garden pool, which would likely have been genuinely freezing even in the height of summer.  “Did you guys have a pool at home?”
John looked back at the bathtub and felt a bit overwhelmed.  The amount of love (and money!) that had gone into this was really something else.  As sweet as the play corner had been, this was a totally different order of magnitude.  What a thing!
Sherlock nodded, “Not so much.  Though I’d be open to it if that’s more appealing to you.  I just quite like the idea of offering a home to someone who doesn’t otherwise have one.  I think we’d be good at that, you and I.  We know people aren’t perfect.  We know kids aren’t perfect.  And I think we’re better placed than most to help a kid out who’s had a rough go of it so far.  We could adopt, eventually, or not, if we find we like fostering.”
_____________________________________________
“Sherlock, look at me.”  Sherlock did, in fact, turn to look at John. “Sherlock, we are not renting a sailboat when neither of us has any idea what we’re doing.”
Sherlock nodded again, looking down at his shoes.  His mouth subconsciously twisted with uncertainty, and worry wracked his face.  Lestrade’s heart gave a twinge.  This was a man in pain.  He and Sherlock hadn’t always seen eye to eye in the past, but now he wanted nothing more than to comfort Sherlock.  Lestrade noted the oddity of that feeling – a new one, certainly – then moved to reassure Sherlock.
Sherlock clearly picked up on John’s thoughts, and rolled his own eyes.  “Not like that, you idiot.  Just, you know, John-and-Sherlock again.  Watson-and-Holmes on the case.  All that.  I miss that.”
Lestrade looked back at Sherlock, surprised.  He’d been steeling himself for terrible questions, words he never wanted to hear out of Sherlock’s mouth.  Instead, Sherlock was getting to his feet decisively, and striding down the hall into his bedroom.  Startled, Lestrade stood up too, and followed him.
“Doesn’t she know she can just order off the plastic tables?  They’re menus!”
Sherlock ran his eyes up and down John, seeming to evaluate.
John collapsed in the middle with an undignified “Oof” as something hard slapped him on the stomach.  He felt a bit winded and struggled to get his feet under him in the pool as he caught his breath.  Even as he kicked upwards, he was aware of Sherlock laughing loudly to his right, where he’d last been basking in the sun as he rested against the pool’s edge.  Once John finally got to shallower water and could stand, he shot a glare to Sherlock, who clearly got the message despite John’s sunglasses, and didn’t care.
Once Sherlock was done, they switched, and Sherlock found he enjoyed rubbing the sun cream into John’s back even more than he’d enjoyed his own back being done.  It felt… sensual.  Not a word he’d ever used before, but apposite in the circumstances.   He paused in his ministrations, running his hands slowly down John’s sides and, emboldened by John’s move, leaning forward to drop a tentative kiss on the top of John’s ear as he rested his hands on John’s hips, just above his shorts.
Lestrade nodded.  That’s exactly how he’d expected Sherlock would feel.  He ventured an opinion, “I think that’s the difference between having the best flatmate of all time, and being in love with someone, Sherlock.  It sounds like you have feelings for him, but maybe it’s all just a bit new?  You don’t have to know straight away, you know.”
“That might be so, but John knew.  He told me he’d be leaving for the airport between 10.15 and 10.45 and that he expected you’d text me sometime after that.”
On plain white, stock card (where had this even come from?), Sherlock sat and wrote:
“What?”
___________________________________
“I’m glad you like it,” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear.  John shuddered and leaned back into Sherlock’s hands.  Sherlock dropped a second, less tentative kiss on the side of John’s neck and ran his hands back up John’s sides and down the back of his arms in a sweeping movement.  John’s skin felt amazing under his hands, and Sherlock enjoyed the goose bumps that rose in the path his hands had taken.  As John sighed with pleasure, Sherlock felt relieved.  He snuck a look over John’s shoulder and straight down, hoping to see that this was affecting John just as much as it was affecting Sherlock.  He groaned softly when he saw it was.  He stepped forward so his front touched John’s back, dropped his forehead to rest on the crook between John’s neck and shoulder, and thrust forward a little so John could feel just how much Sherlock was enjoying this.
Though now Sherlock thought about it, maybe John had?  He had noticed John watching Sherlock more closely.  Maybe standing a bit closer too.  And sometimes when Sherlock looked over to catch John’s eye, he’d see a tender expression on John’s face; one that would be masked almost immediately with a friendly smile when John realised he’d been caught.
Sherlock groaned as they settled into a bit of a rhythm.  He stopped focussing on the individual touch, the smaller sensations, and let himself relax into the rocking movement as he continued to kiss John – eyes, neck, ears, back to his mouth.  He felt John’s hands running down his back and under his pants, squeezing his arse as he thrust upwards.  Sherlock rutted into John, moving faster and faster until he realised with a start what was about to happen.
Feeling the need to tell Sherlock how much this all meant to him, he looked back.  Sherlock was still gazing at John, and John flushed at the scrutiny.
Hours later, Sherlock stood up again.  He strode into the kitchen, hitting the kettle’s switch on for tea before realising there wasn’t enough water in it.  With a melodramatic sigh – really, why did these things always happen to him – Sherlock lifted up the kettle and pressed the button for its lid to fly up, as he turned around to fill it at the sink.   As the water rushed in from the tap, he made a decision.  He shut off the tap and snapped the kettle’s lid closed, shoving it haphazardly back into its mount, and hitting the switch again to get it to boil.
“…John, I have to tell you, I don’t care about the draining board…”
John smiled crookedly, still looking more anxious than pleased.  “I hoped you would.”
“Do you want me to show you the rest of the changes?”
“Does she go in different directions?”
John looked up in surprise from where he'd been rifling through his carry-on bag.  “… What?”
“Is there anything you wish we’d done on this holiday?  That we didn’t, I mean.”
“Um… sort of.  Not in a relationship sense, obviously… but I think while we’ve lived together that’s something that I’ve known is important to me, but it always felt kind of petty as a thing to say to you.  It is, in fact, probably a very weird thing to say to a flatmate.”
“Here you go, sweetheart.  Come back to me.” John whispered softly to Rosie.  He held her in the crook of his arm as he removed the carrier from under her legs, and handed it lightly to Sherlock, who took it automatically.  Sherlock laid the carrier on the bed and resumed his barrier building while John gave Rosie a cuddle.
Sherlock chuckled, and John was glad to hear it.
“But, you didn’t want... to go further?”
“Yeah?”
Sherlock nodded in acknowledgment. He was touched by Lestrade’s words, and felt idly sorry he’d been so rude in the past when Lestrade was being so kind now.  He shifted a bit at that uncomfortable realisation, then focussed on Lestrade again.
“I – I should have tried harder to get you to let me in.”
John gave a shy smile, enjoying that Sherlock had clearly thought about this.  Sherlock’s face clouded a little and when he spoke next, his tone was serious.
Sherlock didn’t move an inch at first.  It felt like kissing a statue.  John chuckled a little against Sherlock’s mouth.  “You can kiss me back, you know?”
Sherlock looked over at him.  “Shut up.  But yes. Also keep your mouth shut.”
Rosie gave a shout then, suddenly outraged at being ignored.  Sherlock loosened the hug, stepped back from John, and looked down at Rosie, smiling.  He put his index finger back in her curled hand, watched her curl her fingers tightly around his, and said lightly “Come on then, Miss Rosie.  I’ll show you what else has changed, even if Daddy wants to stand here having meaningful conversations.”  With this Sherlock looked up at John, gratefulness in his eyes even as he stepped away – just far enough that his arm stretched out back towards Rosie, and hers lifted away from the carrier towards him.
“Tell me what you’re thinking?”
Sherlock, deciding that the threshold was sufficient and that the 14 steps up to the landing might kill him, carefully lowered John to the ground once they were through the door.
Sherlock paused, and his words sat between them in the stillness of the flat.  Lestrade looked past Sherlock, out the window onto Baker Street, and considered how peaceful the rain was as a backdrop for pronouncements like these.
“Of course it’s ok if you change your mind.  You can start in this bed and head over there afterwards, if you like.”
home, as an ‘us’.”  Sherlock made air quotes with his fingers. “We’ve never done that before!  And everything’s different.  Shouldn’t we mark the occasion somehow?”
“This is your home, John.  And whether you want to – you know – do this,” Sherlock released one of John’s hands to gesture between them, before setting his hand back in John’s “Or, just be friends and go back to solving cases together…. That’s fine.  They’re both fine.  Anything you want is fine.”
John stepped back out of the kitchen, again feeling a rush of emotions and pain in his chest.  He remembered he was meant to be checking Rosie’s nappy, and gave her bum a bit of a sniff.  Even though it smelt fine, he decided he’d better change it now so she didn’t wake up unhappy in an hour.
Sherlock didn’t respond, and John gulped as he opened the door and pulled the suitcase behind him.  Telling himself not to cry.  Telling himself he had always known this was a possibility.  Telling himself to pull it together.  That he’s a grown man in his 40s, and not a lovesick teenager.  But this doesn’t help, and he feels the tears gather as he heaves the stupid suitcase with its stupid wheels over the threshold and pulls the door shut behind him.  He stops a second on the landing, still trying to gather himself.  Even as he does this, he knows Sherlock will have noticed his footfalls stop, and know John is hiding behind the door.  This is the motivation John needs to get going, to head down the stairs to Baker Street and out the door to the airport where he can feel thoroughly sorry for himself without Sherlock’s scrutiny.
get the lovely little turtles, and those two pairs would still be cheaper than the seahorses.”  Sherlock dove back into the change room, re-appearing with a third pair of shorts that must have been hanging inside.  These were magenta and had tiny grey blue markings on them.  They looked like stars to John, but when he looked more closely (Sherlock looked very pleased at this level of engagement), he saw that they were indeed tiny, delicate turtles.
With that, John rolled over to give Sherlock an extremely dirty kiss, then rolled right back over the other way, to curl against Sherlock so his back was flush against Sherlock’s front.  He pulled Sherlock’s arm around himself, kissed Sherlock’s fingers, and snuggled into his pillow.  “I love you, brilliant man.”
Pulling away, Sherlock silently knelt on the floor at John’s feet, eyeing John’s cock directly.  “Now, you know I’ve never done this before, so go easy on me…” Sherlock started to say, looking up at John.  John’s head shot forward immediately, and he stared wide-eyed down at Sherlock before him.
Sherlock scanned John’s face, clearly seeing he was serious.  In a startling moment of emotional intelligence, he said evenly, “Well, what if I got them for you?  It’d be my treat.  You got the hotel room, and I’d like to get this.”
Sherlock did so, stepping up and out of the pool, scooping the glasses up and looking as though he might peg them at John.  John reached out a hand and looked meaningfully at Sherlock, daring him to throw them. Sherlock caught the look and changed his mind, slowly descending the stairs once more and handing the sunglasses deftly to John, who promptly put them back on.  “That was unexpectedly mature of you, Sherlock.”  Sherlock just smirked, not denying his train of thought.
_________________________________
Down on the ground floor, the pool options abounded.  They started at the main pool that they could see from their balcony, and found that this was where most of the young families seemed to have settled in for the day.  Sherlock wrinkled his nose, and John was inclined to agree.
“Meaning?”
“Ah... no John.  This isn’t just any bear.  It’s Chopin bear!”
“Too small for…?”  John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock.
“1661, John!  That’s when the arches were built.  Can you believe it?  And there was a roof back then too, though that was removed 1775 after a rebellion by the clergy…”
“Well, I’m not.  Even before this,” John gestured between them with their joined hands, “I was always proud to be by your side.  At a crime scene, in the grocery store, at Bart’s, at New Scotland Yard.  Whatever, wherever.  Not embarrassed.  Never embarrassed.”
“Yep,” said John decisively, as he took Sherlock in.  His eyes ran over him – up, down, and up again, landing on Sherlock’s face and holding there with a resolute expression.
“But – ”
“I’m so sorry, mister,” a small voice came from behind John, with startling sincerity.  John turned to see a skinny kid with pale skin and medium brown hair standing in the slightly shallower water, looking mortified.  His shoulders were hunched in and he was clearly preparing for John to tell him off.  A worn rugby ball was tucked in the crook of one elbow, and John immediately identified what had caused the ungainly end to his floating.
“Yes, why not?  I’m sure she’d love to give you a cuddle.”
By the time John reached the landing, Sherlock was well ahead of him, having leapt up the stairs two at a time despite Rosie’s additional weight.  He was standing in the centre of the bedroom with his arms outspread when John came in.  He wore a beatific expression, and clearly wanted John to be as delighted as Sherlock himself was.
“You know…
Sherlock looked utterly floored by this revelation.  He opened his mouth and closed it multiple times, seeming to think better of whatever he was going to say.  John let him think – he knew Sherlock well enough to know how important the processing was, and was comfortable with silence anyhow.
Sherlock twisted his head around to look at John, eyebrows raised.  “You’re not so bad yourself, Doctor.”
It was a brief, sweet kiss, and John pulled back a little so he could rest his forehead against Sherlock’s.
“Come on, you.  I promise it won’t take much effort, and then we can get comfortable again.”
Sherlock laughed at the exaggerated movements, feeling pleasantly silly even as he marvelled at how much he liked that John was demonstrative in public.  It made him feel even more loved, that John didn’t want to hide him; hide this.
“I don’t know if I can.”
John’s head fell back to rest on Sherlock’s collarbone.  “Sherlock, I swear I’ll do anything you want right now as long as you keep touching me.”
Sherlock smirked,  “Fun things.
Sherlock sighed happily at this, tightening his hold around John’s shoulders and feeling pleasantly drowsy.   He felt John pull their pillows closer together, and roll so he was tucked in close.  With deep, slow breaths, they both dropped off to sleep.
“Can I ask how you were thinking we might do it?  Or is that further than you’ve gotten?”
“Um… I don’t know.  Let me think about that.”  John paused, knowing what he was trying to communicate emotionally but struggling to think of a concrete example that way-too-literal Sherlock would understand.  “Ok… how about this.  They’re just examples, right?  But I had a housemate once who felt really strongly that the draining board in the kitchen should be clear at all times.  Like, you wash the dishes, then you dry the dishes, then everything goes back into the cupboards – it never sits there drying in the rack.”
“You look calmer than you did this morning.”
Sherlock was silent for a second.  “Ok… I get it.  What else?”
“I – Look I know this must be a lot to take in.  I’ve known for a while, and the idea has had time to settle.  I knew… I mean I knew for a long time that I loved you.  Maybe I’ve always known I loved you… but in the last six months… It’s like it hit me over the head one day.  I didn’t love you like a best friend is supposed to love another… I loved you like I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you.  Like I wanted us to live together, and cook together, and…”  John looked a bit embarrassed now.  “You know… *be* together.”
John skilfully loosened the straps to something approximating what he thought would fit Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded, thinking.  “Lestrade said it would probably be ok with you if we tried it out a bit… so I could see how I felt, having dinner with you and knowing that you love me.”
“Why is it heavy?”
“Shut up, you’re impressed too.  I can tell.”
“Wait a sec!” Sherlock said cheerfully, and John waited outside the door the voice had come from.   The doors didn’t reach the floor, and John had a glimpse of Sherlock’s familiar ankles shifting as he moved about.  It felt oddly voyeuristic, though John couldn’t quite put his finger on why.  Weird to know that John would know those ankles anywhere.  Loved those ankles, even.  John snorted and rolled his eyes at himself.  Talk about sentimentality!
He let it sit on his desk for days, so he could be very sure that that was the message he wanted to send.  That he wouldn’t have regrets once he relinquished it to the Royal Mail post-box.  Without touching the note, he came and sat with it multiple times a day, reading and re-reading it.  And then, a week later, he knew it was time.  He scooped up the card, slipped it neatly into its matching envelope (really, where had this stationery come from?), and painstakingly wrote John’s name and address on the front.  He smiled to himself a little – when had Sherlock last cared what someone thought of his handwriting?  And yet it felt important, so he wrote slowly and precisely, with sharp down-strokes and perfectly curved loops.
Lestrade picked up the thread easily.  “No, I wasn’t.”
“Exactly!”  John gave Sherlock’s hand another kiss.  “I think we’re going to be good at this, you and I.”
John blinked, feeling this was vaguely familiar from senior school history but rather rusty on the details.  He was also a bit confused as he was pretty sure Sherlock’s story had started in the 1500s so he wasn’t sure how they were already up to the 1940s.  He stared out the window and marvelled as the cab pulled up at an enormous fountain, wide and shallow with three bronze men holding up a large bowl thing.  A smattering of tourists milled around, taking photos and drifting away from the area the cabs pulled in, towards an enormous yellow bricked wall.
Sherlock took control then, feeling more confident.  He pulled John’s shirt up further, not just running his hands under it, but clearly trying to get it off.  John shifted, lifting up off the bed and almost tipping them over in his haste to remove it.  They both laughed as the t-shirt sailed across the room and John righted himself, coming back down to rest under Sherlock.
Sherlock thought about this.  That felt true.
“Sherlock, you’re my whole world, you know that?  Even at my absolute lowest, I missed you even as I railed against you.  I.. I told Molly at one point how I was feeling, and you know what she said?”  Sherlock gave a minute shake of the head.  “She’s so wise.  She said, ‘You know why it feels like this, don’t you?  It’s because this is the second time in 5 years that you’ve been widowed.  First Sherlock, now Mary.  Your heart just can’t take it again.’”
Sherlock slowed down and turned back to John.  “Are you seriously telling me that you just noticed?”  His brow was furrowed, and he looked quite concerned.  They’d been in the city for well over an hour.
“It’s ok, Sherlock – I like it.”
Sherlock laughed at the thought.  “Well, that’s ridiculous.  But I am glad that you’re on board with the sailing idea.”
“But I didn’t know that I was going to text you right until the moment that I did.”
Sherlock smiled a little and ran his hand down John’s arm to grasp his free hand.  He couldn’t remember having ever taken John’s hands in his before… though probably in the hospital on one or two occasions he would have.  Now he felt John’s skin, rubbed his thumb over John’s knuckles, and gave John’s hand a squeeze.
“God, I am a terrible napper.  I always think I’ll just rest for an hour, and then suddenly it’s 6pm and I feel like I’ve been hit by a truck.”
Sherlock’s face shifted then, as he absorbed Molly’s meaning.  He felt crushed, and almost sank to the floor with the weight of this revelation.  Realising he wasn’t coping, he put down the wooden spoon he’d been using to stir the Bolognese sauce, turned the heat under the saucepan down, and pulled out a chair from the kitchen table.  He sat, heavily, ashen-faced and wondering if he might throw up.
Sherlock looked relieved, and led the way back down the hall to his own room, whose door had been closed this whole time.  He paused as he rested his hand on the door handle.  “I should say… I made some changes in here too…”
Sherlock looked confused and put down the towel he’d been stroking, following John away from the counter.  John kept his voice low and angled his body away from the assistant’s curious gaze.
Sherlock smiled his quietly-content-with-myself smile at this, visibly pleased with his own designs.  He didn’t seem concerned whether John personally liked it, unlike John’s bedroom and the play area, but seemed to appreciate John’s approval nevertheless.   He leaned forward over the bed, going to move the pillows into a barrier, forgetting momentarily about Rosie strapped to his chest, until she gave a squawk of protest as her angle changed abruptly.
“Let me just check her nappy before we put her down.  I’ll be back in a moment.”  John stepped out of the room and down the hall to where he’d left his bag by the door.  As he leant down to get it, careful to keep Rosie upright, he looked into the kitchen.  Unrecognisable without a trove of experiments on the table, he laughed quietly when he realised what all the weird shapes on the cabinetry were.  It looked like there were white growths on all the lower doors, and John wondered for a moment just what Sherlock had been up to.  But then he squinted and took a few steps in… Babyproofing!  Sherlock had baby-proofed the kitchen drawers!  For a baby who couldn’t walk, a child he hadn’t seen in months, the daughter of a man he didn’t know would ever forgive him.
Sherlock smiled and said conspiratorially to Rosie, “Of course you do, you clever wee thing.  Who would look inwards when the world awaits?”
“Well, this is just an idea, but I rather thought we could foster some of the bigger ones.  You know, not babies or whatever.  But those kids that no one else really wants, and who probably don’t have a lot of options.  See where we go from there.”
“Of course, John.  I meant what I said before.  I really did hope you’d come home.”
John paused his arms’ steadily floating movements, saying mockingly, “Sherlock, who are you?!”
“I did, indeed.”
“John…”
Sherlock paused, looking back at John from where he’d been heading down the hall.
“Wait, what?  We’re going in!”
John laughed at this.  Both that the kid felt he needed to explain that he was English, which was blatantly obvious from everything about him, and that he felt the need to explain where Guildford was.  Conscious that Tim had already had rather a rough introduction to John, John decided to point neither of these things out.
He looked over to catch Sherlock’s eye, wanting to share the moment with him, and found Sherlock staring at him thoughtfully, a small smile on his face.  “Hey,” breathed John, and he reached over to take Sherlock’s hand, where it was resting lightly on the table.
The next morning found Sherlock and John up by 9, showered and ready for adventure.  Sherlock had bounded into action, keen to show John his research from the night before.  He’d determined it was time to leave the hotel grounds and visit Malta’s capital, and that they could breakfast there.
As he pulled on his coat and set off down the stairs, he decided to buy a stamp instead of borrowing one from Mrs Hudson.  He wanted to choose the stamp – find least ornate, simplest stamp on offer.  Somehow clean lines and solemnity felt respectful to John’s headspace.
“Can I go back to the children conversation?”  John ventured tentatively, as they sat on the balcony of their room a few days later, evening beers in hand and a packet of salt and vinegar crisps ripped open between them.  Sherlock detested the flavour but indulged John, knowing it was his favourite.  Filled to the brim with swims, sunshine, burrata, and incredible salads, Sherlock found himself much more accommodating of John’s preferences than he usually was at home.
“You do want to be in a relationship with me, right?  I mean, we’ve had a great day and it seems like you’ve really enjoyed the kissing,” Sherlock rolled his eyes at this, but with a fond smile on his face, “but you haven’t actually said what you want… you know… about us.”
Lestrade got up, walking over to take the suitcase from Sherlock, noting its heft as Sherlock stepped nimbly off the chair.  Cor, but the man was graceful.  Even Lestrade could acknowledge that.
He gave it another few moments, just to be sure he was ok, and then stood up to join Sherlock.  He tucked his phone carefully under his towel so it wouldn’t be visible, and deliberated taking his sunglasses with him.  With considerably less grace than Sherlock had shown, John meandered up to the pool.
“Um… Sherlock… I hate to break it to you, but a couple of blow jobs and a lot of fantastic snogging does not a newlywed make.  Also… I think it’s a pretty ‘hetero’ tradition.  Not sure you see a lot of blokes doing that…”
John gave a grim smile of acknowledgment.  “No, that was the one thing you were wrong about.  I wouldn’t print out a ticket – they’ll know who I am.  This is for you to keep.  It’s… ah… it’s sort of an FAQ on what happened just now.”
“Yes, well, he’s good at this sort of thing, I’ll grant you.”
“Shall we go back downstairs?” said Sherlock, after a moment.  “I’ve got some rather nice dinner ingredients if you’d like to stay.”
“Um.. I don’t really know what to say to that.  But, you know there’s nothing you can’t tell me, and I don’t put that much stock in social rules.”
Sherlock smiled sadly, “No, I know how that sounds.  I don’t say it to make you pity me.  It was just a fact.  And I moved on, don’t get me wrong.  I love my life.  I love Baker Street, and our cases, my experiments, and living with you.  And I doubt I would have had kids before now anyway – I had things I wanted to achieve before I did that.  But then, I think the pleasures of today caught up with me at dinner.  That you are my family.  That our home really is a home, and not just a flat.  That I want to build a life with you.  Not just be your flatmate, or your partner, or whatever we’ve been.  And while that’s definitely scary, and not something I saw for myself, it also rekindled this desire I’ve always had…”
Once Sherlock was sure the girl had her brief, he scrambled backwards over the rocks to John, throwing his arm cheerfully around John’s shoulders and sporting an enormous grin.  John relaxed, tucking comfortably into Sherlock’s side, where he'd always belonged.  He looked up at Sherlock, grinning himself, and then over at the girl, who had now decided to take this worryingly seriously.  She was crouching then standing, moving around and ‘working their angles’, and John shuddered to think how many photos might be produced.
John laughed to himself again, even as he felt a pang in his chest – he’d missed this.  Missed the casual intimacy of a man he knows so well, who himself is always looking outwards, always looking for that next adventure.  And he can see, so clearly, how much effort Sherlock is making to understand Rosie, to show John that he cares, that there’s room for them both in his life.  John lets the pain and sadness settle alongside his warm feelings – there’s room enough for them all.
John rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s enthusiasm but felt considerably better.  He did love the outfit, and he also knew how pleased Sherlock was to do this for him.
Sherlock flushed in an endearing way, and leaned down to pull at the drawstring of John’s bright new shorts.  Where to begin?
“The walls are different too, right?”
“Yes, really.  Today was perfect.  And I don’t mean in the cliched “what a perfect day” way, I mean literally from the moment that I woke up until this moment right now when you let me hold your hand, I have been truly, blissfully happy, in a way that I have never once been in my life.”
“This ok?” John inclined his head towards their joined hands.
“It’s lovely, Sherlock.  Really – I can see why you like it so much.  It’s peaceful and elegant.”
John just stared at Sherlock.  Who was this man before him, with an opinion on bedspreads and wall colours and showing such clear pleasure in having chosen this all himself?  The Sherlock he knew wouldn’t have said any of those words.  The Sherlock he knew hadn’t expressed a single opinion about the flat’s appearance in the entire time they’d lived together.
Sherlock slowly nods at this, considering.  He has known that others are watching the two of them work.  He’s aware of the snickers and sometimes he catches an eye roll from one of the detectives, as if saying “Look at them, at it again.”  He’d thought they were being juvenile, children, assuming no adult men could live and work together without there being more to it.  He’d also mostly thought that it was because Sherlock was annoying them, but now he wonders if they all could see what he was too blind to notice.
Sherlock’s head popped around the door again, while the rest of him remained hidden.  John struck a sarcastic pose, modelling for Sherlock.  He gave John a thoughtful once over, ignoring the pose, and pronounced the outfit, “Splendid!  I like that colour on you, John.  Also your calves look particularly shapely in that length of short.”
“Sherlock… I mean… I’m trying to say… I’m trying to tell you that I’m in love with you.  That I want to be with you… you know… romantically.”  Sherlock’s confused expression morphed a little.  Shifted into more of a considered look, like he was assessing this new information. John decided to plough on.  Cat’s out of the bag now, and all that.
John scrunched both his eyes closed now, and ran his hands over his face.  He felt hot and a bit disoriented, and wondered if he had really been asleep.
“Indeed, though to be fair to her, her parents just found out that she’s sexually active and it’s been a rough day.”
“Hurrah!  Let’s go ring this up, then.  And you can face the other way while this nice young man scans my labels, so you don’t judge me for how much
“Greg”, Lestrade said absent-mindedly as he looked around Sherlock’s room.  He hadn’t been in here since the last drugs bust, years before.  It looked much the same, though pinprick neat.
“I’m going to Malta.  To join John.”
“What?”  Lestrade looked deeply confused.
“But, even when I was at my angriest, and my most hurt and betrayed… I knew.  I knew that you’d done everything you could to keep her safe.  You’d been shot by her.  You’d kept her secret as best as you knew how.  You flew around the world to protect her when she abandoned me.  You shot Magnussen for her. And ultimately… ultimately it was her choice to jump in front of you that night in the aquarium.”
When John woke up in the morning, it was to a still-dark room, with blinding lines of light around the edges of the curtains.  He gave a little wiggle, enjoying the feeling of Sherlock’s chest pressed against his back, and then reached behind him to find Sherlock’s arm, pulling it comfortingly around himself, and weaving their fingers together over his bare chest.
Sherlock chuckled at this.  Probably not a feeling he’d ever had, mused John.  “You didn’t sleep, did you?”  Sherlock shook his head.  “But I did read a good part of my book, and I sat on the balcony for a while and googled stuff for us to do this week.  I thought tomorrow we could go exploring?”
Just when John could stand it no more and had decided he was ravenous enough to justify shaking Sherlock awake, the balcony door opened and Sherlock stepped out in only his pants, stretching his arms widely as he squinted into the bright sunshine.  John gulped as he took in the expanse of pale skin, lightly muscled and moving gracefully from the sliding doors out towards the edge of the balcony.  John’s eyes ran from Sherlock’s toes to his outstretched fingertips, marvelling at the man before him.  He was utterly beautiful.  John shook himself and tried to stop staring, only managing to return his eyes to Sherlock’s face when Sherlock angled his body towards John, resting his bum on the balcony railing as he spoke.
“Mmm sleeping,” said Sherlock in a muffled voice behind him.  John could feel Sherlock’s face nuzzling into John’s neck, and he chuckled, enjoying the feeling of a snoozy hug.  Pretty good first morning on holiday, if he said so himself.
John smiled at this – how unlike Sherlock!  And yet, what the last few days had shown him was that Sherlock was full of surprises, even after all this time.  For all the public oddities and certainly the quirks of living together, there was a confident, happy, satisfied Sherlock that had appeared on this trip that had nothing to do with crimes, experiments, science, or The Work.  It reminded John of the first time he’d seen Sherlock play the violin.  How Sherlock was so utterly himself, so languid and absorbed.  It felt pure.
“Sherlock, I’m not saying this to start anything.  I just need you to understand what this has been like for me.  Why I maybe went off the deep end a bit.  Molly was right.  This was the second time in just a few years I was grieving the loss of the most important person in my life.  And sure, you weren’t my spouse and we weren’t, you know, doing anything together.  But you were undoubtedly the most important person in my life and then suddenly you were gone.  And I lost everything that day you jumped.  My best friend, my home, my job.  I know I could have stayed here, know I could have kept working with Lestrade, but that wasn’t what I wanted.  I wanted you.”
Instantly, Sherlock’s message shifted up the screen as the reply came in.
John chuckled, picturing Sherlock’s pale, knobbly knees in the kitchen on a gloomy January afternoon, his elephant shorts illuminating whatever mad situation was covering their kitchen table that day.   “Um… I guess the elephant ones then.  I have to tell you, you seem
John smiled a little to himself and thought “Only Sherlock would buy a child a Chopin bear”, but refrained from saying it aloud.  Though a bit peculiar looking, the bear was decidedly cute.
Sherlock pulled out his phone, tap-tap-tapping at it while John looked on with an amused expression.  He loved seeing Sherlock in action.
excited about them.”
important to experience, or to have, or to do.  Honestly, that’s what prompted me telling you how I feel in the first place.  And I know we’re having some of these conversations out of order, but when have we ever done anything like other people?”
Sherlock still seemed to be sleeping, peaceful on his left side, dark curls in high contrast against the white sheets, with his right arm thrown across the bed as though reaching for John to come back.  John smiled fondly, knowing he’d never forget this moment, or tire of watching Sherlock as he slept.  He ran his eye down Sherlock’s beautiful face, those striking cheekbones and strong jaw, down his collarbone to his shoulder and lightly muscled arm, and ending with his hands, those remarkable fingers.  He really was perfect, John thought.
Sherlock clears his throat, fingers tightening around the wheel, and John decides to wait silently for him to be ready to say whatever it is he's been holding back for so long now. He watches as Sherlock's lips part twice without a sound coming out, and when he lets out a deep sigh, John knows he just gave up a battle within himself.
“Why don’t we wait a little,” John says, leaving a trail of kisses along his jaw. “I’d like to kiss you some more, if that’s alright with you.”
John chuckles, wondering if this what happiness tastes like. "You forgot," he says, unable to stop smiling.
"He's not leaving," Sherlock breathes, almost more to himself than anyone else.
John laughs quietly, closing his coat more firmly around him before asking, “Which way?”
He can’t help the bright laughter escaping him, and he’s about to knock when he hears a car pulling in behind him. He turns around out of habit, unconsciously checking out for any danger, and his heart stops when he sees Sherlock getting out of a cab, his phone stuck to his ear. It only takes a second for John to realise he’s listening to his message, and when their eyes meet, John remembers to breathe. Sherlock is completely still, eyes locked on him, and John can tell the exact moment when he reaches the end of the voicemail. The whole street goes silent around them as Sherlock lowers his arm only to hit something on his screen and then the phone is back to his ear.
XX32:
Rosie lets him do as he pleases, holding on tightly to the headband she has now removed. Deciding not to fight over it yet, John lets her keep it all the way out of the flat and into the cab, keeping her secure on his lap. She doesn't say much for the entire ride, looking outside the window and for a moment, John fears she might actually fall asleep. Still, he rubs her back slowly, letting himself drift back to his own thoughts. Lestrade hadn't been willing to share the details of the few cases he worked with Sherlock lately, but had assured him he was keeping a careful eye on him. It doesn’t change the fact that John had been dying to ask if he could call him for the next one, maybe allowing him to come by and finally have no choice but talk to Sherlock.
“Tell you what?” Sherlock replies, eyes snapping up to look at him over the rim of his book.
he thinks,
Sherlock left the bed quietly, picking up his clothes before entering the bathroom. He quickly dressed up and washed his face. He needed to find another flight to London and with any luck he wouldn't have to wait too long. Sherlock checked himself in the mirror one last time and walked back into the room. He took his bags and stilled in the middle of the room. He watched John’s face, relaxed and trusting, and considered his options one more time.
“Sherlock,” he exclaims, barging in. “Are you alright?”
John nods slowly, considering his next words carefully, "Was there a point when you just decided to give up?"
“I was jealous,” John says.
“Most of the time?” John asks, raising one eyebrow.
“Me neither.” John finally breaks eyes contact. “But I wouldn’t say not to drink.”
“I’m sorry dear, I’ve looked for Sherlock but he isn’t here. Did you know there is a hole in his mattress?”
problem when it comes to Sherlock. But still, watching the two of them, in appearance so alike and with a commun past John isn’t aware of, makes it all a thousand time worse. He can’t just stand there, watching in the background the happy reunion. He needs to get out and calm down.
Thank you.
No, you're not dreaming.... I'm finishing this fic today, so get ready for the last three chapters!
“No, no,” Sherlock exclaims, eyes wide, “more than good, more than anything I’ve ever imagined, more tha-”
Quentin waits until they far enough to exclaim, “Leeds? Why? We know noone there!”
He isn’t sure yet how to let himself experience all the mixed feelings that had erupted inside his chest after finishing Sherlock’s letter, but John is finding that slow anticipation and excitement - as well as a paralyzing fear - are starting to take over everything else. He straightens his back, reaching for the letter and reading over the last few lines once again. He already knows most of it by heart, but he can’t help himself, smiling as he reads once again Sherlock’s description of his wedding. He knows he should be at least a bit upset, after all his own best friend is saying how much he hated this very special day they spent hours planning, but John couldn’t care less about all he
Three loud knocks echoed in the silence.
“John, there’s someone here to see you!”
Your letter, John…
XX32: This other She- you, what does he say?
Alright. But you know
I’ve read the letter. A dozen times actually. I can’t stop thinking about it. Every time I have a second to myself my thoughts are automatically brought back to this bloody letter.
“Your clothes,” he began as they stopped for the third time. “Clearly you’re in the military, you didn’t take the time to change so I’d said it’s your first deployment. Wearing those clothes makes you feel comfortable, a constant reminder that you really are part of the military now. Then there is the sunburn on your neck. It’s newish.You are already tanned but your skin still isn’t yet used to being exposed to the burning sun every day. That only left two possible locations for your deployment: Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“Alright?”
He can feel Sherlock’s eyes on him all the way to the kitchen.
“Are you coming to bed now?” John asks before he can close the door.
“Please tell me I’m not the only one feeling ridiculously happy right now,” he says, barely able to contain himself.
“Definitely another walk,” he says.
“We’ve order takeaway,” Sherlock says, forcing John to meet his eyes. “Thai.”
They walk to the door together, Lestrade going in first. John counts to five before following. His eyes find Sherlock immediately, tall and breathtakingly beautiful. He doesn’t look away all the way towards him, finding that his hands are no longer shaking. He knows exactly what he’s doing, has been waiting for this day for a very long time, in fact. He has no reason at all to be nervous. This is the rest of his life, and he’s more than eager to get started.
Sherlock represses a chuckle when he sees John roll his eyes, casting him a yet another desperate look, but Sherlock only shrugs. He looks back at the fire they built when the heat had stopped, almost two hours ago now, and he loses himself in the flames once again. He can’t remember the last time they shared an evening like this one, quiet, peaceful, and even less such a nice Christmas. The last one he had spent alone, wondering if he’d ever have the chance to share the next one with anyone at all, and the one before he doesn’t wish to remember at all. But this year, in their home, just the two of them, well, this has been John’s best idea for sure. Sherlock hadn’t been convinced at first when John had asked to spend the evening without anyone else, just the two of them at Baker Street. After all, they hadn’t shared a holiday, or even that much time alone in months, and the prospect of it all being only awkward and filled with silence didn’t appeal to Sherlock at all.
Sherlock, are you
Getting to the park now, I can see you both.
wrote all that.
“I’m saying… maybe,” Sherlock replies, his own smile obvious.
“I’ll start by the- Timothy!”
The first time I thought about kissing you was the first night we spent together, but I’m sure you figured this out already. This other John dared to do just that, and I probably will always regret not having tried. I’m starting to think you would have kissed me back.
myself to deduce all
“What can you deduce now?” John asks in a whisper, having moved ever closer.
Before realising he’s even doing so, John copies Sherlock’s breathing, the two of them slowly melting into one.
They board the train barely two minutes before departure, Quentin having gone silent again. None of them talk much for the entire travel actually. Sherlock, having clearly found something interesting enough there, spends the next two and half hours on his phone. John takes advantage of the peace and quiet to close his eyes and rest. Somehow managing to shut down every distracting thoughts, he ends up teasing the edge of sleep far enough to actually feel a bit more alarmed when they arrive.
“John, I…” Sherlock begins before being cut off by another moan, starting to thrust up against John.
“I’m sure,” Sherlock replies, taking their two suitcases. “If we talk about it then we’re going to overthink it and it might ruin it all.”
John’s lips stretches into a smile.
“Did you notice?”
“No,” he replied, “none of the sort.”
“More letters,” I reply, having deduced his intention hours ago. John doesn’t reply but nods slowly, and once again too afraid of what might happen next, I lean in for another kiss to keep him here.
Sherlock nods, eyes searching his for a long moment before walking out of the room, taking John’s hand in his on the way. He doesn’t let go until they’re in the kitchen, and then only because John points out it might be difficult to make dinner with only one hand. Sherlock goes to sit on one of the chairs then, John considering ordering takeaway for more kissing time, but decides that Sherlock might just need a bit of time to think. He sets up to make pasta quietly, glancing now and then to Rosie and Sherlock.
As weird it sounds, it makes sense. Of course they would have needed each other after the pool incident. Even I, back then, could barely restrain myself from pulling John close and never letting go. It would have been so easy in the end. If this Sherlock managed to do so, why couldn’t I have done the same? Would John have gone into my arms and stayed there?
"Care to explain?"
Sherlock lets out a relieved breath.
“But I’m sure the next letters will be interesting.”
They stare at each other for a long moment, Sherlock’s arousal having died off now, but the closeness of John’s body making his head spin just a little.
Mrs. Hudson asked about Rosie, maybe you can still come by Baker Street afterwards.
Sherlock doesn’t look away from him as John replies, “Perfect. We’ll be going now, can we have the bill?”
“John,” Sherlock pants, pulling away for air.
"I did all the work," Sherlock points out.
“Okay, well you know where to find me if you get bored.” John hummed and grabbed his key card, “Feel free to join me any time.”
John looks away, a strong impression of déjà-vu making it hard to stay in place. Of course he hasn't forget about bloody Janine, about kissing and diner invitation, but that had been a ruse, a comedy ... a woman.
XX67: That’s fine.
So John's POV won, so I'll try to make chapter 15 his POV because you'll see, it'll fit perfectly there!
Sherlock gets out of the cab knowing perfectly what is going to happen next.
“I’m not a cop, and never will be.” Sherlock said, smiling when John frowned at him in response, “I’m a Consulting Detective.” It was the first time that he introduced himself as such and for a moment Sherlock feared John’s reaction.
John,
"Your legs were wide open," Sherlock continues, and each hot breath against John's neck is a sweet torture.
“Yeah,” Lestrade snorts, “because it clearly doesn’t affect you at all.”
So I’m going to follow your lead, and won’t try to hide the content of each letter I’ve received. I explained in my first email that this other Sherlock presented evidence that even I couldn’t deny. Those are what I wish to tell you about in this letter. The thing is, in the first letter I received, this other Sherlock told me that our life began to go a different way the day after our first meeting, you and I. In fact he said that there are four different version of ourselves out there, and to think that in each of them we met the same way makes it just a little harder to think.
“What-” the music is too loud, and John moves closer. “What are you doing here?”
John reaches for him, bringing them closer again for another kiss, and they both fall back onto the bed. As he thought, Sherlock pulls John on top of him this time, hands roaming all over his back. He throws his head back the second John settles between his legs, "John!"
“Let’s go back to that, then,” John smiles, shifting closer until they’re pressed together again and welcoming Sherlock’s moan of relief directly against his mouth. “You are so beautiful.”
This third Sherlock gave in, and from this day on, their reality took one unique turn. Because that’s the other thing, Sherlock: if each of our stories begin the same, once we take that one (majestic-scary-logical) step, we go our different ways. Major events still happen to each of our versions, but the way we handle them entirely depends on each universe.
“If you’ll wait, I can call my supervisor.”
“Oh, yes, right.”
John looks back at him, "The Yard knew?"
“During our case in baskerville, we shared a room.” Sherlock pauses and John waits patiently. “You fell asleep quickly but I was still feeling shaken from… well, you remember.” John nods. Sherlock takes a deep breath. “I kissed your temple. While you were sleeping. I leaned down and kisses your temple, just once.”
13:13
Sherlock studies him for a long moment before nodding, looking shy.
“I know I should have come soon-”
She’s a bit better, the meds helped. She’s been sleeping, a lot.
Sherlock looks up quickly, frowning, “Something’s happened?”
John sits in his chair, contempt in his solitude, only the sound of cars passing down the street breaking the silence inside the flat. He can’t remember the last he actually enjoyed a moment of peace. Back in his old flat, all he craved was noise, any kind of sound that would explode around him and bring him back to the real world. He doesn’t want to think of the countless afternoon spent alone, waiting, for anything, anyone really. Or just, in complete honesty, someone. He would look at his front door, the window or simply behind him, waiting for him to appear out of nowhere only to grab his hand and embark him into another adventure.
The jam ends up being absolutely delicious, and John hates himself as he adds more to his third toast. He keeps an eye on Sherlock, already writing down notes while going through Victor’s papers.
“No, I’m fine.”
“What are you doi-”
“Apologizing?” Sherlock frowns, already thinking John is going to say this was a mistake from the beginning and that he should leave now.
"This is tedious, John," Sherlock declares, joining him in the kitchen. He stops next to him, leaning against the counter. "It's not fair to Rosie, you know."
“I know. I wanted to say it out loud,” John smiles, kissing his shoulder. “Letters helped, but it’s time we actually talk, don’t you think?”
“You know… I’ve seen you go on many different dates. You’ve done
"Yes," Sherlock breathes.
John stretches back his fingers, holding to one of the chair instead, "Could you look at me?" Sherlock turns around with a sigh. Neither of them saying a word, John tries to read on his face what he's hiding, what might be wrong, but he's faced with a closed Sherlock. In every sense of the term apparently. "I know it's been a while, but I thought we could-"
Panting against each other’s mouths, John slowly comes to realise what just happened exactly. He smiles, giving in into a small, bright laughter filling the room. Sherlock's eyes are still closed, his chest rising heavily against his, and John resists the urge to kiss him again. "You're a pirate," he whispers.
“Already solved a ten?”
He stares at the lines, back to the letter and the journal again. His hand is shaking when he presses pen to paper, and the first word makes it all worse somehow.
“I’m Thomas. I’m bringing Mr. Holmes’s newspaper,” the boys explains, raising it as  evidence. “He asked me to bring it here directly.”
John’s hand slides up his side, coming to rest where neck meets shoulder, and Sherlock lets him brush their lips together softly.
John closes his eyes, breathing in and out deeply and letting the music fade away. Making up his mind quickly, he puts down his glass of water and orders something stronger instead. Just one drink and he's gone. Rosie can stay at Baker Street, he's going to need the time alone tonight anyway. And tomorrow he'll go back and apologize, tell Sherlock he's happy for him and that he hopes they can remain friends, that it doesn't have to change anything. Does it?
: 02/05/16
one more time because
“Sherlock, I-” John stops, breathing out deeply.
John rushes for the bedlight, turning it on and going to turn off the main lights just as Sherlock knocks at the door.
"Obviously not," Mycroft replies with a sigh. "I thought I'd wait until it was certain the good doctor wasn't leaving before calling."
They only have to wait a few minutes before Sherlock waves for a cab, and the driver follows as soon as they're inside. They don't drive very far, stopping in front of a club and John waits until he's certain Sherlock and Matthew are heading inside before paying the cabbie and getting out. He takes off his coat and puts the mask on, and with a deep breath, he heads in too. The music is loud, very loud, and there are way too many people. He wonders what the hell Sherlock is doing by coming here, the place being the perfect example of what he despises, and he lets the small hope of all this being part of a case grow inside him. Making his way to the bar, John sits on one of the stools and begins to search the crowd.
XX67: Oh. I see. What did you think, then?
The pressure of strokes is average, indicating calm and good perception. The slant of the strokes remains mostly straight, indicating a will to keep emotions at bay, to be as efficient as possible. The spacing between the letters indicates clear thinking and organisation.
“Who? Angie?” Quentin asks, frowning.
“And that’s not a bad thing.”
“It wasn’t,” Sherlock breathes out, eyes fluttering open, and John’s heart sinks. “Don’t,” Sherlock says immediately, probably reading it all on his face. “It wasn’t what I expected, it was much… better.”
They kiss once more, Sherlock being the one to resume their movement. John pulls away, staring down to Sherlock’s eyes again. He finds himself whispering, surely nonsense, but Sherlock smiles and moans and calls out his name until finally John is fully inside him.
). Is… is that what you want too? Because in your letter you said… I mean it was quite obvious that you…
John frowns, and it takes another moment before he understands what Sherlock is asking. Smiling, he turns to face him more properly, their lips so very close, "I love you," he murmurs, this time actually not caring if Rosie, the driver or even the whole world can hear him.
“Yes.”
There is no need to
Automatically Sherlock comes to claim a kiss, their lips meeting in a familiar moan. John’s smile grows wider, letting Sherlock take everything he needs from the touch. He knows for a fact he still needs reassurance, looking for it each time their eyes, hands or mouths meet. And so John gives it to him, slowly allowing Sherlock to properly realise he’s here to stay and for good this time.
Sherlock,
“Yes?” John asks, and with just a small curl of his lips, Sherlock realises he’s letting him decide, has been doing so since they met in front of Angelo’s really.
“Once I collected all I needed, I still had to process everything and it took a bit longer than I thought.”
When his skin began to turn red because of the hot water, Sherlock turned it off and grabbed a towel. He quickly put his pants on and opened the door. His eyes immediately found John’s form, lying on the couch and staring at the ceiling, and Sherlock went for the bed without a word. He slipped under the cover, closing his eyes as he heard John moving around before the bathroom door was once again closed.
Sherlock remains silent, eyes still fixed on the door. Starting to seriously lose patience, John storms towards him, "Sherlock, is this for a case?!"
"What?" John asks, still smiling.
In my universe, in the year 2037, a group of scientist found out how to make contact with other universes. Astronauts found a gap in space during a mission; not exactly a black hole but close. It allowed them to go through time and space, and within four years they found the first parallel universe to ours. It then only took a few months to find more and more.
“Why didn’t it happened last time?”
: 08:23
"So be it," John declares. "I don't plan on hiding any of it anyway."
Time freezes, or maybe speeds up, John can’t be certain of anything else but the warmth radiating from Sherlock’s body beneath his. It takes him longer than it should to realise Sherlock is still trembling, and with his every sense on alert, he pulls away to look down at him, “Sherlock, are you alright?” Sherlock nods quickly, eyes closed and breathing short. John strokes his cheeks softly, “You can tell me if that wasn’t… what you expected.”
Sherlock nods lightly, pushing the door closed as soon as he outside, and John resists the urge to storm back in and demand a real explanation. He listens as footsteps echo inside the flat, from the door to Sherlock's roo- no, the bathroom. Another pang of jealousy makes him shake from head to toe, and without thinking twice about it, John is taking out his phone and climbing down the stairs hastily. He ignores Mrs Hudson calling his name on the way out, and only stops once he's on the pavement, inhaling deeply.
The sound of the water boiling brings him back to reality, and Sherlock pours himself a mug of tea, eyes still on the local newspaper. Nothing new it seems, two articles about the degradation of the beaches, one about a local carpenter and some news from London. Sherlock saves the crosswords for later and sets the paper aside, taking his mug with him to the garden and sitting down on one of the chair. It’s still quiet this early, and for just a second, Sherlock forgets about anything else. He closes his eyes, the morning sun warming his face and the light breeze making the leaves swirl on the ground.
co.uk
“Then make a list,” John suggests.
Silence settles between them, and Sherlock looks down at Toby now sitting at his feet. "I'm guessing you had a reason to call," he says after another second.
XX32: (
“Yes. You wanted a plan?” Sherlock smiled, “Here’s a plan: We use the waitress to distract him. She needs to spill some soda on his clothes and force him to go to the bathroom, she finds you quite handsome so it will not be a problem. Then, when Jason is busy, I take a look at the documents in his briefcase, find a solid proof and we leave before he comes back.”
They stare at each other for a long moment.
Can you believe I've posted the first chapter of this story a month ago?!
Recto.
John rolled his eyes and quickly intervened. There was no way he would let Sherlock slip through his grasp again.
“Holidays?”
. He could get used to it. Very quickly.
“Yes.”
"I figured you'd like the costume," John smiles, placing the pasta on the table, "but not that much."
John smiles, taking a step towards him and not letting go of his hand, “You’re allowed to have second thoughts, you know. We don’t have to go there yet.”
Sherlock shakes his head, kissing him again and pressing their bodies even closer together. “Why can’t it be both?”
Angelo’s?
I did.
losing a dead weight that
“I’m not sure. He introduced himself as an old friend of Sherlock.”
“I know,” Timothy exclaims. “I never say anything, always keep my mouth shut but it was too much. I figured that leaving for France for a few days wasn’t going to change anything, but leaving for good, maybe… maybe it would help me get over you.”
“I hope you’ll find your cue then.” The soldier grinned and stood up.
“Let me guess, you’re looking for a room?” John rumbled. Perhaps he just had to make his intentions clearer and since Sherlock started laughing in a way that sounded almost relieved, he thought that he might just be in with a shot.
“Dance,” Sherlock replies. “Just dance.”
The cabbie gives him an amused look, "Sure mate."
“Then, why are- Oh.”
write one of these.
"And?" Sherlock asks, apparently not seeing the problem.
“John,” Sherlock pants, already rocking back against him.
Someone will be there.
Seven months. All the way back when John had been trying to balance living with an assassin wife and the announcement of an unexpected child. All the way back when his life had been slowly falling apart without having a single idea on how to fix everything. All the way back when he had thought he could maybe do one last irrational thing that could change it all.
Sherlock joins him for diner, and as their feet brush under the table, John accepts the silent apology.
(020) XXXX XX32
Good. Because I put something
Without breaking eye contact, John shifts their positions just so each new thrust are now making Sherlock shudder with pleasure. Feeling the first sign of an upcoming, shattering orgasm, Sherlock tries to warn John, but only another moan escapes his lips, a mix between John’s name and a groan.
Tom shrugs, “Might as well be.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, knocking on the front door.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, somehow managing to keep his eyes on John the whole time. “Sure you don’t want to come, John?”
10:19
"Fuck," he curses, one hand already tightened into a fist. He can't go. Of course he can't go. There is no chance he's going to let Sherlock get married without telling him first what he feels, what he has been feeling for too long without ever daring to do something about it. So either tonight proves that this is actually just a comedy, an act Sherlock is putting on to solve a case, or John will have to find the proper timing to do something.
John laughs quietly, handing him the bouquet. Sherlock stares some more, not exactly sure of what to do next.
Sherlock nods.
"I thought the two of you were going to trick or treat?"
"He's been looking over here the whole time we’ve been talking," Arnold says. "Hence the ex-boyfriend question, considering he's dancing with that cowboy."
"They do," Sherlock replies, looking uncertain for a moment, eyes darting down for the briefest of seconds. "You'll like it, I assure you."
John fell quiet, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s. They remained still for a few seconds before John remarked, “I see Marks.”
“I didn’t exactly get the chance to ask before.” John defended himself, “And even if I did, you wouldn’t have responded.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"I understand dear," Mrs Hudson smiles. "I can take care of her tonight, for the whole night too if you need. I still have some nappies around."
“Why would I?” Sherlock frowns.
“I think I-” John shakes his head, lick his lips, frowns again. Sherlock can’t seem to be able to look away. “I did too.”
“You called me
Mornings have become his favorite moment of the day. John comes downstairs, eyes still full with sleep, his hair ruffled and with lingering traces of his pillows on his cheeks. John smiles at him in the morning, and
The Christmas party really was rather boring but John enjoyed a nice helping of pie and was currently nursing a glass of scotch while sitting in one of the armchairs. He had shortly thought about sitting at the bar but then decided to get comfortable. Drinking while sitting on hard chairs is what you did in the army all the time, he wanted to feel the luxury of being himself. The hotel wasn’t the most luxurious one possible but after camp in Afghanistan and the looming shared living space with his sister, he was relishing in the time he had for himself. Sure, he would have loved to spend it with Sherlock. He was sure there were still a lot of interesting things to be learned, especially since he had nearly no knowledge of personal details yet. Someone like Sherlock definitely came from an extraordinary family and lead a life far from anything that could be considered normal. John really wanted to have him here, sitting with him for a while just talking and then later…
