“Nothing. That’s the strange thing. I came out here a few nights ago to go through the change and the scent of a creature I’ve never smelled before crossed my path.”
Dean walked over to the door to look inside, "We are gonna ask him a few questions after we get our answers we will let him go."
Sam came to a sudden stop just in time for Dean to open the passenger door, lean out of the car and vomit. Sam scooted towards Dean to help but was stopped. After wiping his mouth, Dean returned upright back in the car and shut the door. Sam sat there behind the wheel staring at his big brother wondering what to do next. Dean made eye contact and nodded his head to reassure Sam it was ok to continue their drive.
Dean stared at his brother wide eyed with a mouth full of food. He looked at the burger in his hand and shrugged his shoulders. Sam sat down at the table, "Would you like my salad too?"
Her demeanor did not change even with an angel blade to her throat, “Your threat is unwelcomed. I will return when I have felt you have come to your senses so we can rationally discuss Dean’s fate.” She apparated out of the veil.
"Split up. Dean you take the second floor, Sam you take the basement and I'll take the first floor. Once inside I'll perform a summoning spell and we will see what happens." They entered the house. Bobby laid a bag down with ingredients for his spell in the living room as Sam and Dean started towards their destinations. Bobby performed the spell then yelled out to alert the boys. "Get ready! Keep your eyes open!"
He was startled from research when Sam rushed into the library unfolding a South Dakota road map and continuing their conversation as if a moment never passed, " I went and got some maps. I think we should keep track of the sigils." Dean watched his brother as he rummaged through a drawer for a writing utensil. He found a black marker. After hanging up the map, Sam put a black dot over every residence that had a sigil.
Bobby returned with a drink for him and Sam plus a water for Dean, “Listen to your brother, boy. You’ve got more than yourself to think about now.”
Bobby and Sam doubled checked they had everything they needed for this hunt and then some. Dean decided that he was still feeling off and would stay behind but if they needed him for anything to not be afraid to call him.
Sam was surprised to see Bobby because they had only been gone a couple of hours, "I thought you were out helping a hunter."
Sam put his hands up in surrender. As his brother left to relieve himself, Sam hit the books for more research.
I want to take this opportunity to thank everyone for the Kudos. It is greatly appreciated. Also, I want to apologize for a delay in posting. I was not happy with the original chapter and had to re-write it. Enjoy.
They both headed to meet up with Bobby in the library. After getting settle in to start research, Dean could feel his brother staring at him for the fifth time in the last thirty five minutes from across the table, "What?" Dean exasperated.
Castiel watched with curiosity as Dean placed a hand on his abdomen. Then he heard Sam ask Dean, “What’s wron. . .?” He nervously observed the interaction that was happening between the brothers. Then Dean doubled over in pain.
He nodded his head, "Thanks for the book.  Just in time Sam was killing me with all the research we were doing."
Thank you all for being so patient with my uploading schedule. I hope to upload a few chapters in the next few days, so keep an eye out.
Bobby felt awful. He wasn't mad at him more like mad at how Dean was handling the situation. He couldn't understand how Dean isn't able to see this as something positive in his life, which for him was a longtime coming. Bobby sighed as he composed himself. Dean needed him here for guidance and that is what he would do. That's all he ever wanted to do was be there for his boys. Sometimes that required a little tough love on his part.
"Now that we've figured that out can we work on pinpoint the dagger's location." Bobby stood up from the table and stretched a little before heading off to the library to get to work.
He projected himself to the parking lot when the brother's were returned to their car. Castiel watched from afar as Dean crumbled with anger and sadness. Once the brothers were in the car, Cas projected to the backseat of the Impala and rode with them back to the bunker. Once inside, he stood behind Dean and followed them to Dean's bedroom when they took him there to rest. Cas stood next to the door watching Dean.
Garth stood up, headed towards the door and walked out. Dean called after him, "Where are you going?" He received no response. Dean wasn't quite sure what to do, the reaction he received from Garth was definitely unexpected.
Sam was starting to get nervous that Dean might retreat back to his room with all of Bobby's pushing.
Micka showed up at the residence in which the Drakkoon demons have being inhabiting. He walked into the dining room where Clearan is enjoying a meal, he tossed his bag on the table and took a seat.
Dean chuckled. He raised his right hand to show he had the book, "First, I get my brother than you get the book.”
Sam was going to respond when a book disappeared off the table to be replaced by a black feather, "Cas?" He held up the feather.
“It’s pretty ridiculous that Sam thinks that.” Dean chuckled at the memory in disbelief. No response came from Bobby so Dean turned to look at him. Dean saw the look in his eyes that said your brother might be right.
Sam would be lying if he said he wasn’t worried about Dean. They pulled into the Men of Letters garage and exited the vehicle. For the last fifteen minutes of their ride, Sam was trying to think of a way to break the silence between them. He kept opening his mouth to say some thing but nothing sounded right in his head. Dean had noticed that his brother was trying to start a conversation. As he reached the door that led to inside the bunker he stopped and turned around to face his brother. "Look man, I know for the last fifteen minutes you've been trying to find the right words. I'm here now, alive. Why can't we just appreciate that and be done with it?" Sam stared at his brother, "Yeah. You're right." They both shared somber smirks. As he opened the door, he stated he was tired and going to bed.
Dean walked to the back of the Impala to grab his duffel and a few weapons, “Let's see what were working with.”
"Okay. I’ll will." Sam left to head back towards the library but called Mark instead to let him know the Winchester brothers were at his disposal. They finished their conversation with a time, a place, and more information on what they were up against.
Castiel was saddened by the somber tone in Dean's voice. He tried so hard to say something or to comfort him in some way. His view of Dean disappeared as the connection was broken by Bobby and Sam entering.
Dean didn't answer instead Bobby and Sam were caught of guard when he swung the door open. They followed after him inside the room.
Expression never changed on Micha’s face, he just kept eye contact with Dean as Garth untied him. Micha stood from the chair and swaggered over to Dean, leaned in and said, “It’s only a matter of time, Winchester, when Clearan will rule this world and hunters will be a thing of the past.” He walked towards the door to let himself out.
A couple days went by and nothing more was discussed about Dean's unlikely predicament. Dean wanted to move past everything so they continued with research and started hunting locally. Everything was almost forgotten and back to normal until this morning.
Dean looked at his brother a little insulted and Sam felt bad so he took a deep breathe, “Look, man I’ve respected your privacy for over a month but after your recent bouts of pain. I cannot stay silent anymore. Dean, what’s going on?”
Castiel looked at Dean like he had grown a third eye or something, "I'm not sure what is happening. I wish I knew more."
Dean chuckled a little, "Oh, we do and its a good one." He looked towards the trunk and Bobby followed his gaze. Inside he saw an unconscious man with restraints.
You will notice over the next few chapters that Dean's personality is changing, it is because of the pregnancy. I try my hardest when writing my stories to keep the characters personality similar to how they are percieved on the show. Not always an ease feat but I do my best.
Dean rolled his eyes at his brother before taking another bite of his food, "My eating habits are not the problem." He closed his eyes as he savored the bite when he opened them he found Sam staring at him, “What?”
" You can start by not being an ungrateful git. This moment needs to be cherished as weird as the circumstance may be. Second, you can allow your family to be there for you.”
"Cut the sass, I'm just trying to help." Bobby stood from his chair and grabbed his beer, "I'm empty." he left the brothers standing in the library.
Sam knew that his big brother just needed some time. He pulled out his phone and dialed Bobby’s number.
They stopped by the motel to collect their things and check out only to head back to Lebanon without the weapon.
Dean walked up to her and gave her a big hug, “Promise.” He left quickly to avoid the embarrassment of losing his cool over a goodbye.
Bobby reported that hunters were calling to inquire about sigils they were finding while out hunting and they wanted to know if it related to Drakkoon demons. Jody called to report that local police offices surrounding Sioux Falls were now finding strange markings on building where a person had gone missing. The sheriffs from those local police stations contacted Jody to see if she ever solved her missing person case.
“Still upstairs in bed.” Sam sat down on the couch and reach for the list of phone numbers in front of him.
Sam grew concerned, “You okay?” Dean motioned for his brother to come over so Sam did as he was told. As he got closer Dean grabbed Sam’s hand and placed it right where his used to be.
“We came back here to do some research.” Stated Sam as he watched Dean place the laptop onto the table and walk over to the bookcase.
The message was laughed off by Clearan and he called a meeting to set a new path in motion to get the Winchesters off his trail.
“Staring at me is not going to help anything. Maybe we should run through the evidence while we wait for Bobby and Jody.” Dean squinted his eyes open to look at his brother only to immediately close them.
Once he was done reading, he inquired to his brother, “So what do you think? Is it worth trying?” He turned the page to look at the drawing of the weapon and when he received no answer he looked up at Dean.
Sam fell into the chair next to the exam table in awe at the news. He looked from Dean then back to the picture before returning his gaze to his brother. He was going to use the time he had left before Dean woke up to figure out a way to tell him.
Dean knew it was for best that he stayed not knowing what sort of attention he would draw to them. It did bother him that Sam and Bobby were going without him. He is not one to sit around. He’s one to be apart of the action. They assured him that they would be back as soon as they found the dagger. It would take them about one to two days before they would be back.
Why his thoughts went to Cas, he'll never know. Maybe it was simply wishful thinking on his part that his angel would come comfort him. He laid his head back down on his pillow, hoping sleep would take him and everything was just a bad dream. But at the feeling of someone getting into bed and spooning him, his eyes stayed open. Dean waited to see what would happen next. He indulged his imagination for a little while and allow himself to take comfort in his minuscule delusion he was projecting. But the contact of a phantom hand on his shoulder, proved all to real. He did pray to Cas, maybe he was here in the room with him. The phantom hand moved from his shoulder, down his arm, and came to rest on his hip. He relished in the feeling and let out a sigh of content at the feeling. He felt the action on his body two more times before grabbing the hand and placing it on his abdomen. Allowing Cas a moment to feel the place where their child was harbored. It felt so good to have this comfort.
Castiel sat on the couch in the cosmic veil’s version of Bobby’s house. He was looking at the book that Orandriel gave him. There was so much information it but more importantly it had something on Drakkoons. He took a feather from his wing and placed it as a bookmark on the page about Drakkoons.
Sam got off the phone with Jody, "Well, it looks like Drakkoons are at it again. Jody reported more sigils in Sioux Falls."
As Dean approached his brother to grab the feather, a forest green colored book with Latin on the cover and a black feather sticking out about three quarters of the way through appeared with a thud in the center of the table.
Also, I would like to note that there really is no time in the cosmic veil. So what only feels like hours or days to Castiel in the real world its days or months. I have a few more chapters of Castiel in the veil but if this is not well received I will just stick with following Dean and Sam.
Sam got back on the road. As they entered the center of town, it looked like a ghost town. There were no cars on the road, there was no activity at all. It was eerie. As they drove around neighborhoods, they were met with a ghastly sight. Every third house was covered completely in sigils and Dean's symptoms increased in strength. Seeing his brother uncomfortable, Sam drove as fast as he could to get out of town to bring relief to his brother. They were half a mile out of town when something ran in front of the car.  Sam slammed the brakes and the impala came to a screeching halt. They both exited the vehicle to find a man knocked unconscious on the road.
They ended their night in silence. Dean tried to contact Castiel again in the confinements of his room but there was nothing. Little did Dean know that Cas had been watching him this whole time and was now determined more than ever to get information from Orandriel.
They asked her a few more question before they headed outside to look at the symbols. Sam stood from the chair to follow everyone outside but as he took a step, he saw Dean next to him waver and grab onto the chair. He reached for his brother, “hey you okay?”
Garth chuckled and softly punched Dean's right arm, “That you're in a family way. Congrats.” He tapped the side of his nose before continuing, "When Bess was expecting our children, they each had an individual smell that resembles their personality. Yours smells like a mixture of honey and motor oil."
Dean stood up and rushed at Bobby in a rage but Sam stood between them, "Go cool off, Dean." He stepped back from Sam and headed out the back door for some fresh air.
“I’m guessing those symptoms would make sense to you if I should you this?” the doctor turned the screen for Sam to look at. Upon viewing the screen, he saw a tiny fetus.
Also, I found a way to add images to some chapters to depicted Dean's pregnancy. You'll have to imagine his usual grab on the image.
Before Dean could respond he felt funny like he was being pulled back to his sleeping form. He stirred to find Sam hovering over him looking concerned. Once Dean realized that he was awake he went into a panic now that Castiel was gone, “no, no, no, no.” dean stated desperately “I have to go back.”
Sam chuckled, “I’m trying to figure out how much of you is enjoying that burger and how much of the enjoyment is due to the pregnancy.”
Bobby knelt down in front of Dean and tapped his face. Dean responded with a groan. Bobby did it again, "Dean,  come on Dean. Need you to wake up." He looked at Sam behind him, "He feels warm, maybe you should go get him some water and cool rag so we can cool him off."
“Wait, where are you going? I still have more questions.” He asked stepping forward and reaching towards her as if that would stop her. To his surprised it did.
Sam took a sip of coffee before returning to his food, “No. My mind wouldn’t rest. How about you? Did you get any rest?” He pulled the laptop towards him to work on it.
He was in the midst of reassuring his hunter, “We keep doing the best we can.” But before he could hear the words, Dean disappeared. Dean's dreamworld fell away and Castiel returned to Bobby’s house in the cosmic veil.
He was in the process of putting a book away when Dean walked in hair wet but still wearing his robe and sweats, “Well, its official. I'm going to have to go shopping.”
While looking at his computer, he informed Bobby about the hunt, "It's supposedly a simple salt and burn. We're meeting up with him in two days."
"And how do you suppose we do that, Sam? Hmm? We don't know where to find them. A summoning spell doesn't work so we can't bring them to us." Dean's anger coming back.
He was a little irate that they hadn't shared the information sooner, "And you didn't bother to call and tell me."
They hauled him into the hotel room and place him on a bed where he curled up into a fetal position. Bobby left to get something for the pain while Sam tried to help his brother by asking questions to assess the situation. Dean could no longer stand his brother incessant questioning.
“Hang tight, okay? I’ll be there soon.” Dean pushed harder on the gas pedal after hanging up with Garth. In the whole panic of the situation, there was one thing that slipped his mind. How was he going to explain to Garth he was pregnant. It is a good thing he had a few hours to figure out how to address the situation once he arrived.
Cas felt a sense of panic, he projected himself to where the brother's were. He stood in front of him, Cas look to his left when he noticed that Sam had woken and called out to his brother. Cas joined in with waking his hunter up, "Dean, wake up. . .you need to wake up." He felt relieved when he noticed Dean stirring. He stepped back into the veil, "Orandriel! Orandriel!" He called for her again but still no answer. He heart stopped when he heard the name Clearan and watched with clenched fists when he grazed Dean's cheek. Cas felt so helpless, again he called out for Orandriel. He watched in horror as Clearan said an incantation and placed his hands on Dean's abdomen. Castiel was more than pissed that Orandriel was not helping or stopping the scene playing out.  Clearan's hand now held Castiel's grace and his child's soul. Grief filled his heart for both himself and his hunter. He fell to his knees and reached out to the scene on the wall.
Just when Sam and Bobby didn’t think things could get worse for Dean they did. The third night after Dean’s return things took a turn for the worst. Dean woke Bobby and Sam up by yelling Castiel’s name. They barged into his room to find him still asleep and drenched in sweat.
“There is good news and bad. They identified what was in the substance but unable to pinpoint the exact materials.”
Cas came back to reality and looked over at Dean. He rushed to him and fiercely embraced him in a hug. Dean let out another sob as Cas hugged him. Dean's voice broke with a sob, "This wasn't how starting a family was suppose to be like. You were suppose to be at the bunker with me sharing our news with close family and friends."
Sam explained, "We were ambushed outside the restaurant after picking up dinner." Dean, barely conscious, still leaning on Sam, groaned out in pain and placed a hand on the underside of his belly. Bobby walked over to the table to pull a chair out so that Sam could place his brother in it.
Sam continued research and waited to see if anything would happen. Around 3 am, he threw in the towel and headed off to bed even though he knew he wouldn't sleep.
"I don't think looking at them individual is going to help. We aren't finding anything because we don't have the resources to help us." Sam reached over to grab the pen he was using but it was missing. Bobby and Dean watched in confusion as Sam lifted books around him and looked under the table.
“All in due time, Castiel.” She waved her hand again and the book appeared in her hand, “Lets get started, shall we?”
“What? It's not like I know what is going on with me. Maybe it has something to do with what we saw today. My ears were buzzing similar to when I first met Cas but a lower frequency.”
Dean walked over to the couch sat down with his left leg on the couch and the other touching the ground. He placed a pillow behind his back, “You might want a beer first.”
Sam stood from his brother's bed, "Okay. . .good. . .well, I guess with that Bobby and I are headed out." He smiled at Dean and patted his shoulder before leaving his brother's room.
Garth stood and paced in front of Dean processing everything he just heard. Dean sat on the couch with his arm's crossed in front of his chest watching his friend pace. It had been a few minutes, Garth was still pacing and hadn't said anything. It was working Dean's last nerve, he at least wished the hunter would say something, anything.
Bobby took some time to man up and be the concerned father figure Dean needs right now. But on his way out to talk to Dean his phone rang. It was Jodie claiming that a nearby neighbor had witness strange activity. “Time for some hunting.” They loaded up and headed off to the Glasman's house.
“Well, for one thing, where did the book come from, hmm? Think about. How many times have we been through this library doing research?”
Sam shook Dean and received no response. He exited the driver's side of the vehicle and over to the passenger side to open the door. He pulled Dean's legs out of the car and caught him before he fell out of the vehicle. He tapped the side of Dean's face to get him to come to and he did but was very spacey. He hoisted him out of the car and together they walked to the bunker door.
They were in a garden with a bench a few feet away from where they stood. They stared at each other for a while, the silence was becoming unbearable. Cas broke it, "How are you feeling?"
Dean somberly responded, “I know. I just don’t understand how we always find ourselves in these predicaments. I want to be able to enjoy us as a couple without doomsday always at our door.” Cas took the opportunity to give Dean a long-awaited kiss and Dean returned it. They both still had so much on their minds but neither could bring themselves to ruin the moment. Dean wanted to ask Cas if he knew about the pregnancy test and Cas wanted to tell Dean that Orandriel granted him more time beyond the cosmic veil. But he knew it best to not tell Dean. Dean’s curiosity got the best of him, “So, what moments did Orandriel allow you to see?”
Dean turned around to see Cas standing there. His breath hitched at the sight, for weeks he had been trying to get a hold of his lover. Castiel showing up now could only mean one thing.
Bobby pulled Dean out of the Doomsday shelter and left the door open behind him. Sam freed the demon.
Micka left to rest before retrieving more grace. Clearan took the vials of grace off the dining room table and walked upstairs to a room that was full of spell books and angel grace. He placed the vials in the cabinet with the rest of the grace. In the middle of the room on a book stand was a very thick old looking book, Clearan turned the pages until he came upon the spell he was looking for. He smiled to himself, “Finally.”
This chapter is meant to take place right after the last time Dean and Castiel have seen each other in Chapter 11.
Sam's voice was full of suspicion, “Really? Cause I can hear the sound of the Impalas engine. Where are you going, Dean?”
Dean stared at his cell phone hoping it would ring. He startled when the ringing of a phone filled the air but was sadden to see it wasn't coming from his personal cell. He answered one of the lines on the table and assisted the hunter on the other end. Once the call was over, he picked up his cell and dialed Garth's for the third time of the evening. This time though it went straight to voicemail. Dean closed his eyes to push the thoughts from his mind.
"I truly am sorry for everything, but it needs to happen this way so that your mission on earth can be complete."
Dean was feeling better as they reached the farmers house but the buzzing was still in his ears. The four of them, once again, exited their cars and went through the motions like before.  However, Dean stopped half way to the farmer’s house because he had a feeling he was being watched from a nearby thicket. Sam stopped next to his brother and followed his line of sight, “Did you see something?”
“He has had a wide range of symptoms. Anything specific you are looking for?” Sam walked closer to Dean.
Enjoy the chapter. I worked really hard on it and made it a little longer than the previous chapters because you have all been so patiently waiting for an update. I am also currently working on chapters 24, 25 and 26. They are a third of the way done. So make sure to book mark the story and come back regularly for any updates in the next few weeks.
"I get it. I've been out of sorts and I don't blame you guys for wanting to do this without me." Dean provided his brother with a somber smirk then headed inside the bunker.
They both looked to Bobby, “I left a couple of messages to those that did not answer but it is highly unlikely they know anything too.”
Dean's lip trembled a little at Bobby's reaction, "I just don't know how to handle this, Bobby, without Cas.”
They looked worried at Dean. He brushed them off saying that he didn’t want to talk about it. Truth was that he was worried. From all the articles, he had been reading the baby should have been very active by now. But then again, he still wasn't sure how much had applied to him. Clearan having the baby's soul was not helping with any of his concern. When Cas came to comfort him last night after it happened, he assured Dean that everything was fine. Dean needed proof, regardless.
“I get Sam now or I torch the book.” Dean pulled out his lighter and flicked it on. He placed it under the book, “Your choice.”
He met them at the bottom of the stairs, “Let’s see it.” He looked up at them coming down the stairs and noticed the somber look on their face. His heart sank as a heaviness filled the air. “It wasn’t there, was it?”
Sam opened the passenger door, "Maybe he decided to park and walk here." but he received a look that said I doubt it from Bobby.
At the beginning of week three, the dust finally felt like it was settling from the all the craziness of the last two week. Right when the boys thought they could jump back into research their phones rang, Bobby called Dean and Jody called Sam at the same exact time.
Dean had not slept long but he did feel a little better. He walked out of his room and into the library. Sam noticed his brother was entering the library. He wanted to say something to ease his grief of the event but was meet by Dean holding his hand up to halt him.
"Yeah, well, you ask him because I'm checking out for the time being. My brain hurts." Dean turned and left the library.
Before he could receive an answer, he was pulled from his dream by a knock on his bedroom door. He looked to see Sam standing there, “Hey. . .You feeling okay?  It’s half past noon.”
Waking up from his third nap of the day around 3 pm, he requested that they all order dinner from a new restaurant in town that serviced vegetarian options of some of Dean's favorite foods. With his new health cravings lately, He couldn't stop thinking about the foods on the menu. Bobby and Sam indulged Dean and ordered food for pick up. The brother's left to pick up the food when Bobby received a call from a hunter buddy of his that needed some help with a hunt. He called the boys to let them know that he was heading out to assist a hunter and would be back in less then twenty four hours and that Dean could help himself to his food order.
“I remember feeling an odd sensation in my abdomen then being in pain." Dean sat up on the exam table.
“Geez, give me a little credit. We fight monsters for a living this is by far not the strangest thing we have encountered or that has happened to us.”
"You might want to easy on the snacks. I noticed earlier while you were sleeping that your abdomen has grown."
With all the drama going on in their lives, I decided to lighten it up a bit and provide a little bit of comedy.
“Damnit.” Dean cursed to himself as he dialed Garth’s cell. It rang and rang so he left a message, “Hey Garth, it’s Dean. Call me back.”
Dean cut him off, “You’ve gotta give me something, man. weird things are happening. I feel like I’m losing it.”
Dean glanced up from the laptop at Sam when he entered the kitchen, “What’s up?” He took a bite of toast waiting for Sam to respond.
Sam walked over to the stove to grab some food and join his brother at the table. As he dug into his food, Dean moved the laptop aside, “You look like hell.”
Dean pulled out the sonogram and slid it over to him, "This is what we've been busy with." Bobby picked it up and  looked at it before turning his attention back to the brothers. He looked at them in shock to what was unfolding before him. Dean removed his jacket to reveal his extended abdomen which was slightly bigger than the last time Bobby saw him.
A month had passed since Clearan heard that Dean Winchester was alive. His henchmen had to lay low for a while. The Winchesters had caught on with what they were doing and were out looking for them. They had recently caught Micka while he was out collecting more grace. The Winchester’s released him back to Clearan with a message to stop what he was doing or there would be hell to pay.
They worked at unlocking the secrets of the tapestries and Dean visits an old friend when they call him for help.
Bobby and Sam took a seat while Dean stood next to a chair and used the back to lean on; he dare not sit in fear. They last left Bobby in South Dakota after chasing around Drakkoons and sigils; which was three to four days ago. Dean and Sam kept exchanging glances, Bobby took notice, "Okay, what's with the looks?"
As they drew closer to Sioux Falls, Dean became affected once again, though it was very dull. They headed to the first town out of the four that Jody gave them. They were mainly looking for oddities or clues to lead them to Drakkoons hide out but nothing looked out of the ordinary. So, they went to the second town then the third town. With each new town, Dean became more affected. It was the fourth and last town that really caused issues for Dean.
“Why are you in denial? Just accept it, Dean. You’re pregnant and it shows more than you're aware of.”
He informed her of their findings, “We tried a bunch of reaction tests to see if it would respond to iron, salt, and holy water. But the substances respond to nothing. Maybe we’re over analyzing it too much. It could be that the Drakkoons made the substance from someplace like purgatory and brought it with them.”
She walked over and quickly greeted them with pleasantries. As Sam pulled away from an embrace, he inquired about what was going on, “Hey Jody. . .um. . .what’s going on?”
“Okay, that’s it. You are obviously delirious.” Sam supported his brother out of the woods to be met by Bobby and Jody.
Anger was brewing inside Dean for reason he himself could not understand. He responded to Bobby with unintentional anger, "That sounds like a great plan, pretty similar to what I had suggested earlier which was do nothing."
Sam looked at his brother as he entered and noticed that his brother’s physical features were looking slightly different then they had a couple of days ago. His face seemed fuller and he was now sporting a bump instead of his usually flat stomach. Sam said nothing knowing how Dean’s been feeling about the whole situation.  They ate breakfast in silence for a little while before Dean said, “Instead of research today, how about we take a few days to have some fun?”
Bobby entered the library with a beer in his hand and a water bottle for Dean, "Where's he going?" He sat the water on the table for when Dean returned.
It was 5:30 in the morning and Dean had entered the bunker after saying goodbye to his brother and Bobby. He wasn't quite sure what he was going to do now that he had the whole place to himself.  He figured he could gorge himself on food all day, listen to some music, or maybe catch up on some shows he was watching. His first stop was the kitchen. From there he would decide what to do next. He was very grateful that Sam had gone grocery shopping before they left.
Small talk persued between the three of them as they waited for their food. Their order came, Bobby and Sam watched in awe as Dean devoured everything including a second order of pie. After heading back to the hotel, they agreed that bright and early they would go to the location of the suspected werewolf den.
Dean retreated to his room. After some aspirin, he sat down on his bed with his back up against the headboard and closed his eyes. As he waited for the aspirin to kick in he thought of Castiel and the day of the big fight.
Sam a little flabbergasted greeted Bobby, "Hey. . .Bobby. What are you doing here?" He said it loudly hoping Dean heard him.
Sam watched his brother leave the kitchen still in awe of what was happening to him. He cleaned up his dishes before heading to the library. Only this time it was not to research but to clean up a little. At this point in the game, he felt like all their resources were exhausted. He thought to himself how many times could he or Dean look through the same books for answers. One would think they had the books memorized by now. As Sam reached the table, he noticed a book was opened. He picked it up and recognized it as the book Castiel sent to them. Sam figured maybe Dean was in there this morning looking through some stuff.
Sam turned his head in surprise at his brother's fast response, "Okay. You're. . .uh. . .only manning the hotline, Dean. No leaving the bunker to help."
“Drakkoon Demons as you know are very powerful and use angel grace to conjure spells. There is a particular spell that could really tip the balance in Hell’s favor to conquer the world and wipe it clean of everything that is good. The world will become a barren wasteland. The one ingredient they need to ensure the success of the spell is grace that has been carried by a human. If I had known the danger Dean would have been in I never would have sent him with part of your grace.”
“I will do my best to get Orandriel to talk to me and when I know something I will find a way to send you a message.”
While Sam tended to his brother, Bobby called his hunter buddy to give him the details about the Hexcula. Sam walked over to Bobby to figure out a new plan of action now with Dean experiencing new symptoms.
"Yeah, she does and as far I as can tell he didn't know. He knew that I had part of his grace in me but not the baby. Orandriel hinted to him a few times and he was aware of the lore about humans carrying angel grace in them. But as far as he knew, it was only woman who could carry the grace but only if the bond was strong with the angel."
Dean paced around in a small circle, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sam felt bad for putting Dean in this situation, "Dean?"
Lucky they came prepared with repelling gear. Sam hooked the rope up to the boulder and lowered himself down.
Sam shook his head at his brother’s stubbornness. While researching, he found the symbols from the sigils that were found at the three different properties. However, he is now stuck at a standstill because the symbols didn't appear with each other in the books. So Sam wrote down each one along with their usage to see if that connects them anyway. You know, like making each other strong by combining them together. But that didn't seem to tell him anything other than some canceled each other out. Technically, they shouldn't have worked at all. He racked his brain to try and make sense of everything he recently discovered. That is when it hit him, maybe it was the substance used to draw the sigils that gave them their power.
Dean cleared his throat."Hey Cas. I'm not really sure if you will receive this or not. Not really up to date on how cosmic veils work but I'm trying anyway. I need some guidance, man. Some weird things have been going on since I've been back and its causing concern. Not to mention I'm being hound with questions from Sam and Bobby." Cas could hear Dean’s voice from within the cosmic veil and wanted so badly to be there with him. He noticed the walls around him slowly disappeared and he found himself looking upon Dean. He was tethered to the floor and could only stand there listening as Dean continued with his prayer. Dean sighed again before continuing, "I'm freaking out. I'm starting to wonder if something has happened to you and your grace is freaking out in my body. Could you give me a sign that you can hear me or help me? It would be greatly appreciated. Really wish you were here."
Clearan finished the incantation before adding another ingredient, a flash emitted from the bowl; its contents started to glow a silvery blue then a bright yellow before returning back to the original color. Dean's body continued to feel strange, mainly warm, the tingling had disappeared. The brother's watched as Clearan walked around the table to stand in front of Dean. He planted both hands on Dean's belly, it glowed the same color as the bowl. He struggled to knock the Alpha off of him but stopped when he heard Sam groan in pain. He glanced over at his brother to see blood running down his neck. Dean returned his attention to what was happening to him. Clearan's arm were now the same glowing color as his belly. The Alpha whispered a few words before pushing his hands through his abdomen. He screamed out in agony, Sam watched in distress as his brother writhed in pain. He called out to his older brother in panic, "Dean! nonono. Stop!"
Dean reacted to the feeling he let out a content sigh. Cas moved his hand once more but in the opposite direction and back down to his hunter's hip. He was caught off guard when Dean grabbed his hand and moved it, so it was now resting on his round abdomen. Cas made a mental note to thank Orandriel for this moment they were sharing.
Dean looked at the pie in disgust, "Right flavor, wrong time to ingest." Dean packed the pie back up, grabbed their plates and headed for the kitchen.
Castiel stared at her wide eyed, “What sort of predicament?  You need to send me back so I can help him.”
“Well, for one thing, where did the book come from, hmm? Think about. How many times have we been through this library doing research?”
They hit the books once again but this time on research for their current demon problem. Two hours into it, Sam closed his book shut and threw it onto the table.
Dean looked at Cas, not sure what to think about his reaction. He stood up from the bench and stepped a few feet away as he wiped his hands down his face. He turned around to Cas, "That was definitely not the reaction from you, I was expecting."
Although none of them slept, they found comfort in their new found ambition to locate the dagger. After talking a little, the three of them concluded that would be their main focus until the dagger was in their hands. Well except for Dean, his main focus, at least for the moment, is breakfast.
Before Dean could receive clarification, he found himself laying on the ground waking up to see his brother Sam.
During their hunts, they took notes on a few things. One, the Drakkoon demons would vanish, instead of fight, in the midst of stopping an attack; which they found strange. They figured Clearan received their message, capturing Micka, loud and clear that they meant business. Second, the Drakkoons were moving in a very noticeable pattern through South Dakota which was both good and bad. Good cause they could figure out which town to travel to next to stop the attacks and bad for the same reason. After a few days, Dean, Sam, and Bobby were beginning to worry that a trap was being set for them.
They all presented a smile; thankful she gave up on the questioning. Everyone went to bed that night wondering what tomorrow would hold.
“I don’t know, Bobby. I am still waiting for Cas to clue me in.” Dean sighed then hung his head low, “I should have fought harder to bring him back with me.”
Castiel nodded as he listened to her. Relaxing slightly now that he was receiving answers even if they were a little vague. He at least had something he could tell Dean. He had more questions, “By Dean having some of my grace does that mean he can access my powers?”
Finally the chapter you guys have been waiting for. If you need help with the name of the new entities I created, the pronunciation is in the notes of chapter one.
Bobby took a bite of some toast, "I'm going to return some calls from other hunters before I help out with dagger research."
Sam walked over to Dean. As he got close, Dean lit the book on fire and threw it towards the demons. Bobby grabbed Sam and pushed him out of the mill. As the demons lunged towards the book to put the fire out, Dean ran after Bobby and Sam.
Sam leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms in front of his chest, "Cas sent it to us from the cosmic veil."
Bobby was feeling a little on the worthless side for not being able to use his extensive hunter knowledge to help to his family. Not able to sleep, he ventured to the bunker library to work on some personal research for other hunters he was helping.
“I don’t know, Dean. But it’s worth a try, right?” Sam grabbed the book back from his brother and continued reading. He described the blade and the location coordinates of where the item could be found.
Sam jumped in realizing what his brother was about to do and although it was Dean's decision. He figured his brother would have done it a little more delicately than spur of the moment, "Dean-" He was cut off by Dean.
Micka swallowed nervously because was not sure how his Alpha would take the news, “Well, sir. Something else happened while I was out today.”
They are stood around waiting for the unexpected. After about fifteen minutes of waiting nothing transpired and they all meet back in the living room. Suddenly there was a gust of wind and a specter appeared, it was an elderly man with glowing eyes. The three of them raised their rifle waiting for a move from the specter. Sam took the first shot but the specter disappeared. They spread out around the room. Waiting for the specter to appear again. Dean went off into the den to the left off the living room, Sam walked off into the kitchen north of the living room and Bobby stayed right were he was. As Dean was coming around the corner to meet up with Sam in the kitchen the specter appeared and as a reflex Sam pulled the trigger not realizing Dean was going to be rounding the corner. The specter again disappeared as Dean was hit with buckshot in the left shoulder. Normally, this wouldn't have been a problem with just salt. Yeah sure it would have stung something fierce but the bullets have iron in them now which means more damage. Dean feel to the floor groaning in pain as Sam came to his aid, "Bobby!"
Cas stood there, "I know. I'm sorry. I wasn't able to leave." He sighed before continuing, "What happened Dean?"
Sam became serious once again when a new revelation hit him, “Does this mean we have a way to get Cas back?”
Dean nodded and at the sound of the music, Sam left his brother's room. As he closed the door behind him, he heard Dean.
Sam glanced to Dean’s abdomen which made Dean feel a little self-conscious. Dean readjusted himself in his chair as Sam asked “Dean, what exactly happened to you and Cas when you died?” Dean proceeded to tell Sam everything about where they went and where Cas is.
Dean gave a look to his brother that begged him not to tell Bobby about his dream. Sam gave a slight nod and Dean turned around to face Bobby, “Had an idea and I was running it by Sam.”
“Here take my keys and take him to my house.” Jody handed her house keys to Sam, “Bobby and I will finish up here and be there shortly after.”
"No." Dean shrugged his shoulders, "I agree with you." He walked over to the table with the food he prepared for himself. With a mouth full of food he inquired, "Where are you headed?"
After about an hour and twelve books later they finally found something by complete accident. It happened a little bit like this.
Bobby and Sam shared a look. Sam chuckled to himself at his brother's new found craving, "I have never seen you eat a vegetable unless is was on a burger."
Sam looked at Dean confused, "What do you mean, why? So, we can stop the Drakkoons. . .bring Cas back?
Sam looked over a Bobby again and they shared a knowing smile. Dean felt as if something was transpiring between the two men.
After talking to Bobby, Dean could now find the humor in his situation. He laughed a little at the thought of his comic life, "According to Orandriel, It was was never her intention to impregnate me."
Dean crouched down to wrap up the demon, "Think about it, Sam. We can take him back to the bunker to get some answers."
This victim had sigils on their shed next to the house and Dean could see them from the car. As they were now driving to the farmer’s house, Bobby filled Dean in and the story again was different but ended with a missing spouse and sigils. They wish they knew the meaning behind the sigils.
Sam opened the passenger door, "I don't know. Lets go back to the bunker and call Bobby or try to get a hold of Cas."
Dean commented, "Nothing. We can't be sure the information he told us was true. We have no reason to believe him and Micka had no reason to be honest with us."
Sam contemplated it for a minute, to him both were equally important, but if he had to choose it would be to find out what other magical beings know of Drakkoon demons, "Feeling up to a hunt?"
“With you guys. Back to Bobby’s to help with research.” She replied as she walked towards the door to grab her keys.
Bobby went on to tell Dean about the hunter he set off to help and found that the demon didn't put up much of a fight.
Dean laid his head back on the pillow and waved towards his brother in a manner that said ‘I’m fine and I’ll be down in a minute.’
Dean looked at his brother in fear before turning his attention over to what the Alpha was doing next to him. Clearan started to place ingredients in the bowl as he said an incantation. Thinking the Alpha was occupying himself, Dean tried to struggle free but halted swiftly when he felt strange. His body felt tingly and warm.
After a sip of coffee, Bobby responded with, "Great. Let's start with you telling us what happened after you died."
He shook his head when he heard Dean talk about his suspicions of the book, “Lets just hold on for a minute, okay? We need to ask ourselves some questions first before we buy into this information.”
“Just a few. I've seen him in my dreams. Just glimpses. I am starting to think maybe Orandriel has done something to him.”
After everything that transpired over the last few days, it was no wonder that Sam and Bobby were now reluctant to leave Dean alone in the bunker even with the extra warding they put up. But they knew they had to go anyway, this was their only chance to finally get a one up on Clearan and his hoard of demons. Dean assured them that everything's going to be fine, even though deep down he was just as nervous.
The wall returned to the multi-colored cloud he was all too familiar with. In a panic, Castiel turned towards Orandriel “What happened? What’s going on with Dean?”
Dean looked over at Sam and Bobby then returned his attention back to Micka,"How many angels have you killed?"
Bobby walks over to them, "Not that I'm not happy to see you but you better have a good reason for driving up my driveway like a bat out of hell."
"Screw my mission! I am done with this game of yours." yelled Dean, "How do you expect me to do that in my condition?"
Sam sat the book in his hands down on the table before he inquired, “Do you think she meant pregnancy when she said that 'it would be unorthodox'?”
Their conversation ended just in the nick of time for Bobby to reenter the war room with a sandwich, "I assume I'm here cause you've discovered something?"
Dean looked up from the notebook he had been jotting notes in, “I have three months before my condition gets better.”
Sam changed the subject. “There something else I forgot to mention. Dean became sick on the way back to the bunker. Not sure exactly what it means but I don’t think it is a good thing.”
There he kneeled in an empty field, saying goodbye, to Dean’s makeshift headstone as he created another for Castiel. He planted their headstones in a field close to the bunker. It was a place where him and his brother would visit sometimes just to sit and talk while staring up into the starry sky. Though there was no body left behind to bury he still wanted his brother to have a place to rest. After a few moments, he knew it was time to get on with life by getting back on the road and working cases. That is what Dean would have wanted him to do. As he stood, Sam thought back to the events that led him to mourn his brother and his friend, Castiel.
Castiel again was beyond pissed and acted out in anger. He started pushing piles of books over. As he made his way across the room, his surrounds changed back to the multicolored walls he has come accustom to.
They drove the next few miles in deep contemplation. As they pulled up to the bunker, Dean felt a little funny. He felt drained, not tired, but weak. He looked over to Sam to say something about it but he slumped forward in his seat instead.
As he picked it up he examined the pages that the book had opened to upon falling to the floor, “Uh guys, you might want to look at this.” They both looked in Bobby’s direction. He showed them the book and on the page was the answer they had been looking for. He read it out loud, “Hexcula a witch/vampire hybrid. It says here that they can be killed by burning their hex bag while cutting off their heads.”
They pulled up to the house and exited the vehicle to congregate by the trunk. Each one of them grabbed a rifle loaded with the new bullets that Bobby created plus a extra handful for backup.
“I will store his grace within you and when the mission is complete he will be fully returned to you.”
Next step was trying to figure out what to do with themselves. They have pretty much dropped the whole situation with Dean seeing as how they had no leads to go off of and there was no point in stressing over the unknown. They also had pretty much tired their resources on the Drakkoons from all the research they had done. So, they thought about what to do next. None of them liked being at a stand still but they really had no other choice. Dean was the first one to break the silence, “I’ve got an idea. We have spent the last couple of weeks doing nothing but hunting and research. How about we just spend some quality time together? Maybe go visit Jody, we haven’t seen her in a while.”
At first, he was happy to see her but that quickly turned to anger because he tried so hard for what felt like days to gain her attention, “Why have you been absent?”
"If Bobby's staying, so am I." Dean gently placed his head on the table.  Sam reached over the table and hit Bobby's arm to get his attention. He looked up at Sam slightly annoyed but when he saw Sam look towards his brother. He turned to look at Dean, who was now probably asleep on the table.
He performed a glamour spell to transform another book into the book the Drakkoons were looking for. Dean picked up the fake book and headed up the stairs. Bobby called after him, “Where the hell do you think you’re going?”
He watched them reenter the library and Sam explain to Dean how he came to find the book, “It was with in this pile of books. I recognize all of them but this one.”
Dean sighed, "You were there. You know how." He took a bite then gesture with his sandwich, "I'm taking this outside."
He met up with Bobby and they headed out.  While they were on the road, Bobby called Dean and asked him to start up the hunter hotline. He explained a little more on what he wanted from Dean. He asked him to keep numbers and a list of locations so that they could get an idea as to where the Drakkoons might be located. After hanging up with Bobby, Dean pushed himself out of bed with a grunt and headed towards the war room.
With that being said they threw Bobby out of the mill backwards. Once he got his bearings, Bobby ran to the car and headed back towards the Bunker.
"Because that is what it is, until I know for sure. Anyway, I remembered something Orandriel said to me when I first met her. Remember I told you. That Cas and I would be reunited in six month time.”
Cas looked to the ground feeling like a failure. Dean starting to feel bad for being so crass with him. He took a breath as he walked over to Cas to embrace him and provide comfort. They took a moment to enjoy each other’s presence. Dean pulled back to look at Cas, “Sorry. I know you’re trying.”
He set the laptop aside, placed his plate on the bedside table now empty, and scooted back to prop up against the headboard. Feeling silly and a little embarrassed about what he was about to do, he took a deep breath in and out. This was something out of his comfort zone, for sure. He started talking a little bit nonchalantly, mostly it was, hello, hi, can you hear me, do you like when I talk to you, give me a sign, etc. He felt nothing, it was completely still. So he tried the touching approach, very rarely does he touch his stomach but when he does its mostly out of need like to bathe, rub it when it was sore or painful, or to scratch an itch. He may subconsciously rub it in his sleep, he did not know. He placed his right hand on top of his curved belly just below his ribs and moved it downward in a slow movement then back up. Next, he did a large circle around the whole circumference. He waited, nothing happened. Dean gave up and decided to take his plate to the kitchen as well as refill his glass with more water.
Bobby sat down at the table, "I think what Sam is talking about is uncontrollable anger and not to mention the way he kept looking at you. Oh, and the creepy message he left us with."
“We don’t. The Winchesters need to locate the item. This book is the only one that I know of in existence that holds this information but there is a problem.”
At this point, Dean's head hurt from all the deciphering and is body ached from sitting in the same spot without lower back support. He leaned back in his chair and laced his hands just under the curve of his swollen abdomen in his lap, ”Why can’t anything ever be easy?”
"She still expects you to carry out her mission in your condition? Was he aware that any of this was going on?"
No response. Dean put a bullet in Micka's left shoulder and asked the question again. Still no answer. Sam saw Dean getting charged up again and stopped him before any further damage. He pulled Dean to the side, "We can't send him back broken and bloody."
He turned back towards the table to look at Dean and reply sarcastically, "Way to be an optimist, sunshine."
Sam sat down behind his laptop in the war room to figure out what the hell's happening. He was ecstatic that Dean was back but what he couldn’t understand was how or why. Or what sort of consequences came with Dean being alive? Sam was brought out of thought by Bobby bursting in.
“I’ve never felt so exhausted.” Said Dean as he threw his duffel bag on the table in the library. “I could sleep for weeks it feels like.”
It all started to make some sense to her and she questioned, “Do you think the sigils have anything to do with the scorch marks on the hay we saw today?”
He turned the laptop around for Bobby to see. There on the screen was a website to Yellowstone National Park. Sam hit a button on the keyboard and another website popped up for the redwood trees in Big Sur, California.  He looked from the screen up at Sam who had a big smile on his face, "We have our two new locations."
Dean forcibly pulled the book out of Sam's hands, “Don’t start treating me with kid gloves, okay? My condition changes nothing. I am still me and I’m not going to sit this out.”
As Sam left the library, the book Castiel sent them flew open and turned its pages until it fell on the Drakkoon chapter.
The spent the next few hours discussing how they were going to conceal the weapon when they found it. Bobby suggested the best option could be a warded iron box. Sam thought it was a good idea to hide it in a crypt on holy ground and Dean could care less how to conceal it as long as it was easily accessible when the time came to use it. After debating the best solution and coming up still with no results, Dean opted to have lunch and to take the rest of the day off.
Everyone but Dean went back into the house to continue talking, only to exit about ten minutes later. Bobby, Sam, and Jody talked a little before once again heading over to the third victim’s house. He felt so awful by the time they arrived at the third victim’s house he opted to sit this one out in the car but he wanted full details upon their return. While waiting for everyone, Dean was feeling worse the longer he sat in the car. His head was throbbing, he was becoming nauseous, and feeling very light headed. He thought maybe he was experiencing a migraine. The buzzing was louder in his ears now
“I found a way to protect your grace from Drakkoon demons. I visited an old friend of mine, she is an old word mystic that had dealt with the demons before. I asked a favor of her and she granted it. I will say no more on the matter, just know that your grace is safe until you are reunited with it.”
Castiel had been trying for quite some time to get Orandriel's attention. He had tried yelling, using his angel blade to pierce the veil, he tried flying which didn't work, and he tried sigils but that didn't work either. He had no power in the veil and he figured that the glimpse he did get of Dean was Orandriel's doing. He had promised Dean that he would talk with this cosmic being to get some answers. Occasionally, he was able to visit Dean in his dreams but only if Dean had fabricated him in. Otherwise, he sat or stood in a "room" with multicolored walls not trying to go crazy.
Bobby looked over at Sam then again to Dean then back to Sam before answering him, “There was a reporting of a haunting at the old Glasman’s place. A hunter went there a week ago and thought he had killed the ghost. The entity seems to be stronger than what we are use to. I am thinking we try something new, bullets made of a salt/iron combination.” Bobby said as he held up a bullet he had made.
She looked back at Castiel forlorn, “Dean is fine but I am sorry to say that I may have put him in a grave predicament.”
This cued him that Dean was done talking and wished to be left alone. So he stood up from the bed and started to walk out. “Well, if you need anything you know where to find me.”
Sam and Bobby could tell that a good night's rest had put Dean in a better mood then he was the day before. At breakfast, the three of them talked more in depth about yesterday and the next step in the plan.
“We have a slight problem. The angels are starting to catch on to our plan. I had to banish one today.”
Sam left his brother lounging in the library while he went to go busy himself with prepping for the hunt with Mark in a few days and preparing for the trip to find the dagger.
Sam had a thought, “Do you think maybe with Cas’s grace in you, it might be reacting to other angel’s grace? Think about it, Dean. With each house, you became worse and worse. Maybe, just maybe, all of those people’s spouse were angels and the sigils are some kind of warning.”
Dean walked over to Micka and struck him across the face. Sam pulled his brother back. Dean cooled off and turned around for a few more questions. When he turned around, he found Micka staring at his abdomen again.
He looked back down at the book in his hand as he responded to Dean, "I can't help but feel like some major is going to happening, like apocalyptic."
“A complex spell was performed on your brother. The mystic who performed the spell had to have known that your brother was carrying grace.” The doctor exited the room and returned with an ultrasound machine. He put gel on Dean’s stomach and placed the doppler over the gel. “Other than the recent bouts of pain, has your brother experienced any other symptoms?”
“I’m doing some research for Bobby.” It was then that Sam noticed the food piled on his brother’s plate. “Think you’ve got enough food there.”
Jody and Bobby finished up with the farmer before joining the brothers. Jody was confused by what was going on with all three men and she hoped they would provide her answers later tonight.
Sun came up early that morning and they were already on their way to an old run down farmhouse in a wooded area. They entered ready and armed. Bobby headed upstairs, Sam went down to the basement and Dean headed out back towards the barn. Sam and Bobby were making their way back to the living room when they heard a gun go off. They both ran outside to see Dean fighting with a werewolf. Upon going to his aid they were ambushed by six other werewolves. Dean fell to the ground in excruciating pain, “Sam!” he yelled. Sam looked to his brother on the ground as he shot the werewolf he was fighting. He ran to his brother and helped him up off the ground, Sam looked towards Bobby who just ganked the last of the werewolves that attacked them. “Bobby!” yelled Sam. Bobby looked towards the brothers to see Dean leaning on Sam for support and clutching his abdomen. He ran to Sam’s aid to help get Dean back to the car but they were approached by another pack of werewolves. So instead they headed towards the woods to take cover or at least find another way back to the car. They didn’t get far before Dean was asking his brother to put him down.
Dean leaned back in his chair and propped his feet up on the table in front of him while lacing his fingers over his distended abdomen, "He needs space. Not everyday people get news dropped on them like that. It might be better to go pack for your trip."
Dean looked at his brother perplexed. He passed a sandwich to his brother as he sat down at the table in the library.
“Dean?” Sam looked at his brother with surprise. A thought occurred to Dean, maybe it was Castiel trying to reach out to him.
They sat in silence for a few seconds before Bobby spoke again, "Regardless, I'm happy for you, son."
"Are you sure that is a good idea with Drakkoon demons out there, can Mark be trusted?" Bobby narrowed his eyes in suspicion.
Castiel cocked his head trying to understand what Orandriel was getting at. She could tell that she was getting nowhere with him.
Dean scoffed in disbelief that his brother would keep that from him, “was this at the last house too?”
Sam raised his eyebrows, as if to say ‘sure that is the reason.' before responding, "No but I’ll try again later." He sat down at the table to be served by Dean. He was handed a bacon double cheeseburger and fries. Dean also put a plate of nachos down on the table before he sat his plate down with two bacon double cheeseburgers. Sam watched as Dean dug into his food making enjoyment noises as he chewed.
“Could be." Sam shrugged before continuing, "We don’t even know what sort of consequences could occur from him being back.”
Dean had his best ‘are you kidding me?’ face on before he slammed the book in front of him, “This conversation is done. I’m going to bed.”
He walked up to Dean’s door and knocked. He did not wait for a response. He opened the door to find Dean sitting up right in bed with his headphones on. Sam sat down on the bed and waited for Dean to take his headphones off.
He knew now why his grace was feeling weaks, his fellow angels were falling victims to Drakkoons. His concern for Dean grew greater upon this news she was telling him. His anger rising again at the thought Dean was fighting this battle alone, “What do we do now then? If you can’t send me back to help and you have limited my ability to visit Dean whenever I want, what do you purpose as a solution to this mess?”
As Dean sat down with his plate, Sam and Bobby told him everything they have found so far before his return and after. Dean asked no questions just listened intently while nodding his head and eating.
Sam stared at his brother in confusion, "Uh. . .(nervous chuckle). . I am not sure what you are referring to."
“Don’t know. Could be a possibility. Hey Jody, could you send the list of materials you found to us. Maybe I could see if Dean is familiar with any of it.”
“You’re damn right I’m upset. We are not toys for you to play with. I think after all this hell you have put me and Dean through, I deserve some answers to the original reason asked for your presences.”
Sam rushed to Dean’s side to wake him. He woke up, took one look at Sam then reached for the garbage can next to his bed to throw up. Once finished he laid back down and closed his eyes, “Unless you guys are planning on telling me a bedtime story, get out.”
Silence fell on them for a bit while Sam recouped. As Dean cleaned up breakfast, he said over his shoulder, "Jumping back into research today?"
Sam watched as Dean's eyes close again, "It's okay, you know. To rest and take care of yourself. Bobby and I can handle research."
“That’s just great.” Dean stated a little pissed. “So now what? Hmm? I have no idea what to do, Cas.”
Thank you all for coming this far with me in the story. I promise two more chapters and we will really start getting into the juicy stuff. Plus, we will find out Dean's condition.
They sat down at the table to examine the book. “That’s Cas’ feather.” He was elated when they found his feather. He looked on as Dean admired his feather. He jumped when Sam yelled, “Look!”
Dean unlaced his fingers to wave a hand at the mess on the table, “These tapestries could be a wild goose chase, for all we know and we don’t really have the time for screw ups here.” He resumed his previous position and sighed.
But before he disappeared, he said, "You take care of yourself, Dean Winchester. Wouldn't want anything to happen to your angel grace. Clearan has big plans for you."
Sam chuckled at his brother’s slight sarcasm. Sam looked up from the laptop to look over at Dean and was surprised by what he saw, “Dude!”
Cas walked over to Dean to comfort him but it was not well received and he was rejected, “Did you at least get a chance to talk to her?”
Castiel had noticed that while Sam was reading everything out loud to Dean. His attention suddenly became occupied by something Castiel could not see.
He picked up the book, looked at the title before looking up at Orandriel. He smiled at her, now he just had to figure out how to get it to his hunter.
Dean looked at his brother wide-eyed, "Shut your face!" he stood up and paced a little bit, "Why do you have to keep bringing that up? Nothing is happening to me. Okay."
The two brothers were silent until they reached the hotel where Bobby was staying. Bobby filled them in so far on everything he scoped out and Sam informed Bobby of all the research he did. After a very long day they decided to go out for dinner and strategize.
After lunch, Bobby, Sam and Dean, sat down to finalize their strategic plan as well as ward a metal box to carry the dagger in safely. Dean was feeling a little peckish, he left for the kitchen and returned with a snack. Sam was assisting Bobby with warding the iron box when he heard a snap then a crunch. He looked up at Dean, "Are
Elaine nodded her head as she continued with her story, “Jody told me she would come out and take a look around the place. After I hung up with her, I went out to the backyard to see if I could find any clues as to where my husband could be. That is when I found his clothes neatly folded with a note that said I love you in the garage on his work bench.”
He left the room and Sam leaned over to talk to his brother, “We may not have found the dagger but I did take photos of some tapestries on the walls. They could help us figure out what to do next.”
But Dean had returned a few minutes later calmer and apologized to Bobby for his anger. He expressed to both of them he had no idea what came over him and was a little scared as to what happening to him.
Dean questioned his brother all the way back to the bunker but Sam would not budge. They walked into the bunker and were half way to the library when Dean decided he was growing tired of Sam's antics, "I'm not taking another step until you tell me what's going on."
Feeling fatigued, Dean turned in early hoping that he may be able to get a hold of Castiel. He had not heard from Castiel since the last time he had seen him. He wanted Castiel's input on everything that happened. Dean prayed then went to bed wishing Castiel would be waiting for him in his dreams.
9/20/20: Thank you to all of my faithful readers for being patient with me. I have been working on developing new chapters and currently in the process of fine tuning everything. I hope by next weekend I should have at least two more chapters up. Commenting and Kudos really help push me to continue my writing. I finished writing the ending today and I can't wait to share it with you all.
Just when Dean thought he was in the clear of strange things happening to him. He is blind sided. After the incident, he prepares himself to finally answer Sam and Bobby's questions.
“He’s being a big baby. I’m tired of him jerking us around. We need answers.” stated Bobby as he leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms.
“Where they hell are we?” Dean looked around the space trying to take everything in. Standing next to him Castiel responded, “I don’t know. It’s no part of heaven nor hell that I have ever seen.”
Sam turned the laptop around to face his brother. On the screen was a website about angel’s, their grace and ways that grace can be cared in other vessels. Then Sam clicked the mouse again and another website popped up about lore on magical pregnancies.
"Your idijt of a brother here got me worrying, so I had to come see what was going on." Bobby started to walk back towards the kitchen.
Dean entered the room dressed and wearing his jacket to help hide his bump,"What are you doing in our neck of the woods?"
It took several minutes before Dean was ready to move on his own accord and not with his brother’s help. By then Bobby was returning to inform them what was coming their way. They reached a clearing in the woods, as the werewolves caught up with them. The three of them were in the center with their backs to each other surround by werewolves.
“I know of a weapon that can destroy Drakkoon Demons.” Orandriel stated as she waved her hand to transport them to place that looked like a library. There were piles of books and pieces of paper everywhere as well as charts and maps on the walls.
At the gesture, Dean looked at Sam, to see his brother's flannel and undershirt covered in blood. Sam asked if he could stand, he nodded back in response. He put his hand out for Dean to grab to be hoisted off the asphalt. He reached out towards his little brother to check his wound but Sam assured him it was no biggie and the bleeding would stop soon.
They returned back to silence until about fifteen minutes later when Dean told Sam to pull the car over. “Pull over.”
Garth walked over to the fridge, opened it and pulled two beers out of the fridge before heading over to Dean. He tried to hand the beer to Dean but he refused. Garth sat down and got comfy while anticipating Dean’s explanation.
Dean got up to grab another book and as he did he was slammed with a debilitating headache. It wasn’t until he grabbed the book and turned around that he lost balance and fell. Upon falling the book hit the floor and opened. Sam and Bobby rushed to Dean’s side. He was holding his head and groaned in pain.  Sam helped him up into his chair, “Dean, what’s wrong?”
After about an hour of searching and getting no where. Bobby spoke, “Maybe I should go talk to him.”
Castiel was surprised when Orandriel stayed for a whole twenty four hours to help him with research. He figured she was feeling guilty about everything and in his eyes she should. If it wasn't for her, they wouldn't be in this mess.
The look on Dean's face was a sort of confused sadness, which perplexed Cas, after all this is new territory for him. As an angel, he did witness things like this all the time when he observed humans. But this experience was different, maybe because he had a connection to this baby. The observations he had of humans, before he met the Winchester brothers, were mainly out of curiosity and to learn human nature to blend in.
Feeling awful for the way he acted, Bobby walked Dean’s sandwich back to his room laid it down on the floor, knocked on the door and walked away.
Dusk came and they headed to Gallatin Range. The coordinates lead them to a cliff. Approaching closer to the edge a strong smell of sulfur hit their senses. Bobby looked around, "By the smell, I'm guessing it is safe to say we are in the right place."
Bobby noticed the confusion on Sam's face, "What does it say?"  Sam turned the paper so Bobby could read it. He listened as he mumbled while he read the words, now Bobby's face matched Sam's confusion. He placed the paper on the table between them. They studied it for a few minutes before Bobby watched sign of realiztion come across his face. Sam grabbed his laptop and propped it open. Bobby listened as he typed with ferocity, "What are you thinking?"
“I get it but you need to leave those decisions up to me.” Dean rubbed a hand down his face and exhaled, “I can’t believe I am having this conversation.”
They stopped to refuel at the halfway point in Omaha. Dean went inside to pay for gas and snacks. He approached the car and got in the passenger seat.  Sam was a little perplexed because Dean always drove. While the car was refueling, Sam leaned in the driver side of the car “Hey” Dean looked at his brother “uh. . What are you doing?”
The three of them huddled around the book as Sam opened it. Dean took the feather and placed it on the table next to the other one that appeared moment ago. They stared at the contents in awe, this is exactly what they had needed to help clarify somethings on the tapestries. Bobby slapped both Dean's and Sam's backs in excitement, "What are we doing standing around? Lets get deciphering." The brothers shared a smile and chuckled at the old man's excitement as they joined Bobby at the table.
“Castiel, so naïve you are. Think, Castiel. Think about what I have shown you and the knowledge you carry as a angel.”
Sam didn't think outside of Dean's bedroom was the best place to have this conversation so he jestered with his head for Bobby to follow him. Once they reached the library Sam sat down with a huff in a chair and wiped his hands down his face and cleared his throat, "What else do we have to worry about?"
"Okay." Sam raised his hands in surrender. Dean sat back down at the table. Opened the book and started reading the same page for the third time. He couldn't fight sleep this time.
"Yeah?" inquired Dean as he tossed his duffel in the trunk and closed the lid. His friend came to a stop about a foot in front of him before he was caught in another death grip of a hug. Upon parting, Garth congratulated him. Dean looked at him confused, “I’m sorry?”
Sam cleared his throat as he informed them of what he found, "According to newspaper articles, there was a witch riot at the mill around the time the Salem witch trials were at their peak. There was one casualty during the riot, a teenage girl, they drowned her to test if she was a witch. Last week was the anniversary of her death.
Sam sheepishly held up a pastel pink box with the words pregnancy test written on the front in white.
"Hey." he plopped down next to his brother and opened his laptop, "So, I found a few things about the old mill that Mark told us about."
Sam opened his mouth to say something else but was stopped by Dean, “Sam, leave it alone. Okay? Please, man. Can we focus on anything else? I'm tired of discussing this. We don't even know what all this means and until I hear more from Cas himself or Orandriel. We are going to leave the topic alone.”
Everyone loaded up in their own vehicles and headed off to the first place of interest. Their first stop was a yellow house in a quaint neighborhood. The four of them walked up to the door, Jody rang the doorbell. A woman answered the door.
The three of them shared looks before Sam spoke up, “Jody. . .uh. . .not that we don’t appreciate the help. We do. It’s just that most of our research material is at the Men of Letter’s bunker and we sort of need you to stay here. . .”
“A few months back, Sam, Cas, and myself ran into a new kind of demon while on a hunt. These demons are old world, they’re called Drakkoons.” He readjusted himself on the couch, “There is no known way to kill them and they are set on world domination, as usual.”
Sam took a book from Dean, "Why don’t you go rest for a little bit and I'll see if I can find anything.”
Again, Sam chuckled a little bit while casually placing hair behind his ear, "I wasn't going to say anything, Dean, because I know how you've been feeling about this whole thing."
She opened her mouth to provide comfort but he lashed out, "Just Go!" At his words, Orandriel disappeared. He backed up against the wall, slide down it, brought his knees to his chest, hung his head and grieved the loss.
“Hey, Dean. It’s Garth. I’ve been trying to reach Bobby and I can’t seem to get a hold of him. I needed his help with a hunt.” Garth stopped talking but Dean could hear breathing on the other end then the sound of running before the call ended.
Sam was growing impatient waiting for a diagnosis about his brother, “What is wrong with my brother?”
Bobby walked over to stand to the left of Dean. He leaned on the column next to the stairs, “nice night.”
Sam smirked at his brother, "Trust me. You're gonna want to be home when I tell you." They walked out of the exam room and out to the waiting area where they thanked the doctor for his help.
After Dean’s encounter with Castiel, he was no longer experiencing weird phenomenon. Everything in question seemed to die down as well. Sam and Bobby no longer bombarded him with questions especially since there was no reason to now that everything seemed normal with Dean. Though that is not to say that with each passing day they didn’t let their guard down and everyone was still on alert for new symptoms. Two weeks later and everyone was just now starting to relax and let their guard down just a little bit.
On that note, Sam and Bobby started research on hauntings involving angel vessels. Dean joined in as well even though he knew the Bobby's logic wasn't true at all. He knew very well where Castiel was. Bobby threw in the towel and went to bed while Sam and Dean continued research. After a few hours, Dean felt himself drift off to sleep in the leather chair he currently resided in. A noise had stirred him from a deep slumber and what he saw next was unexpected.  There was Castiel standing a few feet from him, he stared in disbelief. “Cas?”
He stood up, turned around and through a clenched jaw in anger, "You're sorry? You don't get to be sorry. This is all your fault to begin with. I advise you to leave before I do something I'm going to regret."
Sam was brought back to reality by a roll of thunder.  He cleared his throat and made another silent goodbye before he turned to walk away. He was halfway between the car and Dean’s headstone when the wind picked up, the sky became dark and lightning struck down in front of him. The force caused him to fall backwards. As he rose back up, he was shocked to see Dean lying on the ground in front of him. He ran to his side calling his name to rouse him. Dean’s eyes flung open, he inhaled a breath and came to a sitting position.
He could only imagine what was taking Orandriel so long to locate the ingredients she needed for the spell. She was an ancient celestial being, one would think she had the world at her fingertips. He started speculating that maybe she was playing him and she had no intention of helping at all; it would not be the first time that he had been led astray by a supernatural entity.
The widest grin spread across Sam's face, "Told you so." He left Dean standing outside the entryway to the library.
Dean stared daggers at his brother before his expression softened, “Sorry, man. I just. . .I need to keep my mind busy or something.”
Sam glanced at his brother then down at the list of numbers he had been calling all morning, “Not great. Bobby and I have been calling pretty much every hunter we know but have turned up empty.”
Dean reluctantly informed Bobby of all the research him and his brother had done. He told him about the lore on angel grace, spells, weapons, and alternate universes. He continued by telling Bobby about the two theories that Sam came up with. He made sure to leave out the part about the pregnancy test thinking that was too much for him to admit right now.
He stopped his brother by continuing his rant, “You know this place like the back of your hand. You even asked me only moments ago if I had ever seen this book.”
He started pacing with worry and tried to form a rational thought behind Garth's phone being dead. Dean couldn’t be idle anymore, he grabbed his car keys and started driving. He just left city limits of Lebanon when his phone rang. He picked it up without checking the caller ID.
"Oh, and just so we are clear, I'm not invalid so don't treat me like one. I've already talked to Sam and he has agreed to not treat me with kid gloves. I am still me but with an extra passenger. I get to be the one who decides if a hunt is too dangerous, understood?"
"I know that Bobby, let me think for a second.” He closed his eyes trying to process what to do when it accord to him that Sam showed him a spell a few years back.”I have an idea. But first lets get you taken care of.”
He felt sympathy for Dean when he had heartburn, he smiled and chuckled at Dean's craving for healthy foods, he watched in confusion when Dean got emotional over a commercial, and a feeling of joy when he watched Dean nap. He listened to every conversation had by the trio but would only pull himself away for important moments.
"Pull over!" yelled Dean. Sam came to a screeching halt on the side of the road. Dean leaned out of the passenger door and vomited.
They worked all night with a little bit of a breakthrough and still going strong. So far they were able to decipher at least two tapestries and starting on their third. Even with the book that Cas provided them the translating were very loose and seem to be in riddle or code form. The first tapestry loosely translated to a weapon being located in a place where steam rises from the earth. The clue definitely wasn't a whole lot to go off of, that was for sure, but they hoped the other tapestries would provide more clues. The second tapestry was no help, it referred to the location they had already been to. The third tapestry talked about a third location, it talked about a land of ancient giants and birds live high in the sky. The fourth tapestry basically stated that the steam and land of ancient giants were not the correct locations. Fifth tapestry was a fake out and was so jumbled that nothing made any sense. Six tapestry claimed the weapon never existed and was used to keep the Drakkoons in line. They decided to focus on the tapestry two and three to decipher them more.
“I know, right? It literally happened over night.” Dean stood with his back against the counter and his arms crossed over his chest and just below them was a now very noticeable abdomen.
Dean tossed his jacket on the back of a chair next to him as he took a seat in the one he had been leaning on earlier, "Its been confirmed by a healer, Cas and Orandriel. In about three months or less, Cas will return from the Cosmic Veil as promised but with our child's help.
Dean stood up as well to follow Bobby when he noticed his brother's computer screen as Sam exited out of the newspaper article another website took its place, "Come on, man. Seriously?" he pointed to his brother's screen.
They spent the next day discussing everything that happen yesterday and the reason behind the events. After hours of deliberation, it was decided that Bobby would stay here in Sioux Falls, in case Jody needed any back up or other hunters called to report any similar activity in other States. Sam and Dean would return to Lebanon and dive into research mode to confirm their theories.The three of them spent the night in each other's company and shooting the breeze.
They entered the impala and Dean called Bobby, "Get the doomsday shelter ready. We're coming in hot."
He took a big sigh as he laid down on his bed. He wondered how he was going to tell Cas, that's if he doesn't already know. He played various scenarios through his head as he drifted off to sleep.
Dean took a bite, "Make yourself another one. I'm eating this one." He was already half way through the burger. He took another bite, "This is delicious. What did you put on this?"
“That must be who I saw in the woods, a Drakkoon demon. If that is the case then we have a bigger issue at hand then just a few dead angels, like what are they planning?”
The next morning after breakfast they dived right back into research when a thought popped into Bobby's head.
Dean looked as his brother tears pooling in his eyes, "I, we, knew that the Drakkoons were planning something. It was only a matter of time, Sam." He leaned up against the car, hung his head, and sniffled before looking back at his brother, "I
With that, the two of them got back to work. They spent most of the night doing research hoping to find anything. They just kept circling around with the same information. The only answers they had lied with Dean and until he felt up to talking they were at a loss.
As Dean headed to his room, Sam turned his focus to the book. He hadn't really had a chance to read it in depth on the first night they received it; he merely scanned looking for important information. In all the excitement of taking Dean to a healer, he sort of forgot about it. Sam was going to read every word on every page until he felt satisfied that he learned everything the chapter had to offer. He wrote down note after note on things he thought were important. After reading the part about the weapon, he chose to focus on that next. He compared the notes he recently jotted down to what he already knew about the demons. He knew they used angel blood to conjure sigils, use grace that are harbored by humans with a bond for spells, and the only weapon to defeat them is a dagger that for all they know doesn’t exist.
He finished making his sandwich before coming to sit with him at the kitchen table. He placed the new beer in front of Bobby as he responded to the question, "Not good but I'm dealing the best I can."
“It wasn’t until I remembered that moment when I saw you and Sam talking about theories that it had occurred to me what she meant.”
Dean woke still not feeling a hundred percent; he felt drained and a little nauseous. He met up with everyone in the kitchen. Jody made breakfast of eggs, toast, pancakes, sausage, and bacon. He took some toast. Everyone noticed Dean’s choice in breakfast but decided not to comment on it. They ate in silence before getting ready for the day. While Dean showered, he noticed that his stomach had expanded slightly but not noticeable enough that it could be detected.
Bobby sat there, no response. Not receiving a response, Dean walked over to the fridge, "Don't mind me, I'm just going to grab something to eat. Eating for two now. I'll be out of your hair in just a bit." Dean opened the fridge door and mentally face palmed himself at his sarcasm.
“Or provide you with a way to mock me.” Sam gave him a look. Dean sighed as he took a second to contemplate what his brother was asking before he ripped the box out of his brother’s hand, “Give me the damn things.”
Sam looked towards Bobby standing in the doorway before he got up off the bed and walked over to him. Once he was close enough Sam whispered, “I'm done giving him space. We need to get him to talk.” As he turned around to see Dean asleep in his bed. Bobby nodded his head in agreement.
“Not much. Sort of going off theories at the moment. Aren’t I the one who should be asking you that?”
“I will divide you into groups to retrieve the ingredients that way there will be a higher success rate in completion of the task.” He ended the meeting, divide the groups, and informed them of the ingredients they were to get as well as where to locate the ingredients.
Before Cas could respond, their attention was brought back to the wall. Sam had just entered the cave to find that it had been ransacked and the dagger was no longer there. Cas turned to question her about the missing dagger but she was gone.
Dean and Bobby finally talk after a little adventure during a hunt. Castiel appears to Dean in a dream.
Exhaustion was a symptom that Dean experienced early on when they we were assisting Jody with sigils a few weeks back. It had tapered off a while ago but for some reason, it had come back and with a vengeance. He was taking more naps than he ever had in his entire life. He would later find himself in an awkward situation due to his exhaustion taking over.
Everyone dispersed to their duties. Clearan walked over to Micka, “I have a very special task for you. I need you to keep an eye on Dean Winchesters whereabouts and report back to me. Once all the ingredients have been brought back, it will be up to you to bring him here.”
Dean walked away to return with some ice and a first aid kit. After fixing up Bobby, he left him to ice his face and gather the materials he needed to perform the spell.
“Lets just say my forensic team had a lot of questions. Told them it's a confidential case and on a need to know basis.”
The atmosphere was becoming uncomfortable and Dean was tired of tiptoeing around the truth even though earlier they agreed to not involve Jody beyond what she needed to know for the cases.
He needed to take Clearan’s attention off Sam, “Hey! It’s me you want.” He turned to face Dean and took a few steps until he was inches away. Clearan reached up and brushed Dean’s cheek with a finger. He jerked his face to avoid the touch.
Dean started at the table in front of him, his eyes shifted from side to side, as he thought about their next step, "First, we go grab the dagger and when you return we'll notify hunters everywhere about Drakkoons. They obviously want a war and we'll give it to them."
Sam helped is brother outside to Bobby's car. As he opened the trunk to look for the first aid kit, they both heard a shot go off inside. Bobby exited the house and met up with them. Dean took off his shirt delicately, due to the amount of pain he was in, so Sam could dress his wound. Sam started by digging out the little iron shards but what happened next threw everyone for a loop. The wound glowed white and once the light disappeared Dean was healed; everyone shared a confused look. "What the hell?" stated Bobby in confusion. A little embarrassed by the whole healing ordeal, Dean pulled his shirt back on and got into the back seat of the car. Bobby and Sam followed suit. The whole way back to Bobby's, Dean racked his brain about how he is going to explain this to Bobby. No one said a word on the way back and they continued their night as usual. Bobby put the guns away and met up with the boys in the kitchen. Dean was making dinner and Sam was setting the table. Casual conversation pursued with a couple of laughs.  Sam headed off to bed, Bobby went down to the basement, and Dean headed outside.
After a ten hour drive, they arrived in Bozeman, Montana. Bobby turned into the first motel they saw and got a room. They headed to a local sports store for repelling equipment, just in case they needed it. They headed back to the motel to call Dean and wait for dusk to fall, so that they could be cloaked in darkness.
