Every time John approaches Baker Street after an air raid, he fears the worst: being greeted by a pile of smouldering bricks and rubble, dead people and torn off limbs strewn all over the street like rag dolls, the air filled with sobbing and screaming and the smell of phosphor. He can feel his chest and throat tighten before rounding the last corner, and he always sighs in relieve when he discovers that the house is still standing, tall and firm.
Sherlock tenses, shuffling away.
“Be careful with the stitches, though.” The doctor in John feels obliged to remind Sherlock. “I'll take a look at your cut when you've got dressed.” With that, John rolls onto his stomach and buries his face in the lush pillows of Sherlock's warm bed to savour a few more tranquil minutes of post-coital rest.
They meet Gibson and Lestrade on the bridge on Hampstead Heath. Greg is accompanied by a rather sullen looking police officer by name of DC Coventry, who has been in charge of the investigation until it had recently been mysteriously taken from him and had been transferred over to NSY.
“I'd like to see you try.” John retorts and Sherlock can sense the reprehensibly warm smile in his voice.
Sherlock falls silent again and seems to gather strength. “He asked me if I could keep a secret. I said, yes, of course. Then he told me… he told me that our PE teacher used to keep him after class. That he… had to touch him. And was touched and… other things.”
“Only if you want to tell me.”
There’s an almost untouched mug of tea on the coffee table; next to it sits a white bottle of pills.
“Hangover?” John asks gleefully, before he reads the label. It’s tramadol. “Seriously, Sherlock, don’t you think that’s a bit over the top?” John sounds equally concerned and angry.
“Maybe.” He shrugs.
Sherlock suddenly tightens the grip on his cock but slows down a fraction.
John decides to seize his chance and visits Sherlock at Baker Street where interesting and somewhat illicit events ensue.
I hope your shoulder is better? My brother tells me you are making good progress. I'm sure he selected a top of its class facility for your reconvalescence. Remember, you promised me to stay alive!
“You call that decent, young man? Lounging around half naked at noon?”
When Sherlock finally looks up, showing John the message he just typed and sent, John still stands rooted to the spot, his pupils dilated, fists clenching, his lower lip glistening wet.
“Do I have a choice? The stuff's pinned right above our couch.”
“I don't want you to pretend. That's just ridiculous. We have an agreement. Now get to work. Remember, I want to know what that mouth of yours is capable of.”
Mycroft gives a curt nod, yet relieve is showing in his posture. “I'll talk to the Prime Minister. I’m sure, after the Venlo incident, he’ll understand the necessity to rebuilt our network on the continent with the most suitable people.”
“Condoms?” Sherlock asks, sounding unsure. They usually don't use them, but in this context it might add authenticity. And it's less messy. Sherlock doesn't care what the chamber maid might think the next morning, but he's not entirely sure if he'd like come oozing out of his arse.
Would John like to hurt him? Would he like to make Sherlock bleed? Would he like to wrap his fingers around Sherlock's throat and squeeze until all Sherlock was able to hear was his own blood gushing in his ears while black dots danced before his eyes?
“Jesus.” John rubs a hand over his face. “Fuck. Why didn't you wake me up? How long have you been sitting there, watching me drool on my shirt?”
“I thought... you died. You were dead!” John sobs, rocking Sherlock back and forth.
----------
Sherlock puts John's foot carefully down and starts to massage his femoral muscles, urging John's knee up to reach his hamstrings.
“Calm down, princess, you don't have a case on right now.” John shouts over his shoulder, trying to appease his flatmate but judging by the banging and cursing coming from their kitchen, it is to no avail.
“Call it a little challenge.” Sherlock’s smile isn’t exactly friendly.
Sherlock shrugs, then pokes at the faded linoleum with his toe, before looking up again, frowning. “I never said it was.” Sherlock sounds irritated.
-----
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ya 'lright?” John mumbles, dazed and still shaking from the force of his release.
Then Sherlock clears his throat and his voice is even a shade lower than usual, slightly husky, when he answers briskly: “Of course I'm all right.”
“Yep. And I'm alive. Once could be written off as coincidence but twice is a pattern. Makes you think.”
I wished I could have seen you to say good-bye. To kiss you one last time. No, not the last time – only for the next few months – until we meet again.
John scoots back and gets the key to release Sherlock, who sits up, rubbing his slightly chafed wrists before feeling his neck. There's a throbbing pain at the junction of his throat and shoulder.
Now it's John's turn to wrap his arms around Sherlock tightly, his thumb drawing circles on his biceps.
This is totally uncalled for.
“Then stop behaving like one! You got hurt. I saw the bruises. Why won't you tell me what happened?” John refuses to back down and instead tries to reason with his flatmate.
Sherlock watches John eat, fiddling with his serviette, rearranging salt and pepper, olive oil and vinegar, from time to time glaring venomously at the other patrons from under his lashes. John tries to enjoy his excellent meal but it's not easy in Sherlock's gloomy company. At least he's silent. John is spared Sherlock's, likely unflattering, deductions regarding their waiter and fellow guests.
Sherlock still looks at John, a curious expression on his face. When he moves again it is very careful and timid. While pushing further in Sherlock lowers John's leg from his shoulder to wrap around his hips instead. Meanwhile he bows down until his tongue can brush against John's lower lip. John arches up and opens his mouth; the kiss is messy and wet until suddenly Sherlock thrusts into John viciously, burying himself to the hilt. John's scream is stifled by Sherlock's insistent tongue, his hands are trapped in Sherlock's death grip at his wrists above his head (when did that happen?) and John feels helplessly pinned down beneath Sherlock, almost impaled.
John grins.
Sherlock gazes at John rather sceptical. “You don't mean that.”
“Yeah... god, yes of course... up in my room.” John can't quite believe what's happening.
The sounds Sherlock makes are downright obscene. John can not only hear them, but feel the vibration beneath his lips. God, this is hot! He rotates his hips involuntary, pressing his by now raging erection against Sherlock's prominent hip bone, and ruts.
“Because I fit his type, going by the other victims, all working for the same escort agency: tall, pale, slim, dark haired, mid-thirties…”
“We'll stop it. We'll stop them.” John promises fiercely, holding Sherlock close.
“Sorry again.” He sighs, pressing his lips against Sherlock's temple where he can see his pulse hammer out a fast staccato.
They don't say a single word when John fumbles between them to open Sherlock fly and push his khaki trousers down his legs. There's a deep, ugly scar on his upper thigh, but John doesn't ask about that either.
It had been John, for god's sake! It should be different with John. Why couldn't he just relax, enjoy, relish the attention?
He has to admit he experiences exhaustion but senses John still lurking in the hallway. He can't deal with that now. No more pity. No more compassionately reassuring empty phrases. No more sympathetic looks. As if what happened hadn't been bad enough. No, wait... Nothing happened. He forgot... He'll delete the whole episode, as he has deleted others.
All my love
John's just clad in a towel. Sherlock can't make out more besides his solid frame but it's due to lack of light, not effort. Oddly, he feels caught red-handed and trapped.
John takes the last step and a deep breath before opening the door leading directly into the kitchen. He drops the bags onto the almost clean kitchen table (just a few sealed plastic containers, nothing too drastic) and shouts: “I'm back, Sherlock! They didn't have White Spirit but I got you petroleum. Fancy that should do just as well.”
Vicotr's own cock is surprisingly hard as well, leaking clear fluid onto his concave, quivering belly, pooling around the navel. John dips his finger into it before he starts to fist his own straining cock.
Sherlock just hisses a few times but otherwise stays unusually silent.
Sherlock just shakes his head, wide-eyed.
The rain suddenly intensifies from a slight drizzle to a proper English gush. Of course, it’s one of those evenings when John has forgotten to take his umbrella. Not especially keen to get soaked and having to work the whole night in slightly damp trousers, he runs towards the arches of the market, the central passageway open all hours, even if the stalls are deserted now. Or almost deserted.
“Sorry, I don't happen to have the phone numbers of random foreign dignitaries.”
“Really? Like, when pulling someone?”
He wants it.
John feels tears of joy well up in his eyes. “A whole week!” He exclaims, feeling suddenly giddy, and has to bury his head in Sherlock's neck. No use for the other man to see him sobbing like a love-sick debutante. To steady himself, he takes a large gulp from the wine bottle before pulling Sherlock down into another kiss.
They stay like this for some minutes. John takes in Sherlock, his eyes wide and dark, lips slightly parted, hair in disarray. He is so pale and thin, nearly translucent; it makes something inside John ache.
John had to take into account how much Sherlock had missed out on in terms of intimacy. It was adorable, but also... sad. Somewhat liberating. John cursed himself for being nearly giddy at the idea of being Sherlock's first intimacy.
"Maybe.... later. You're probably right, we should take this slow. It's not like that's anything new."
"Fine. Uhh. Yeah." John purposefully tried to avoid the topic of them being together, to save from potential embarrassment.
John smiled, open-mouthed, and hugged Sherlock. They sat for a few seconds, embracing. John sat back. "Anything else? Before sleep, probably."
John raised an eyebrow. "How long could we possibly stay here? You probably have the numbers on that, even."
"I want nothing more than to be ordinary, with you, John."
He woke up. In 221b. In his bed. He tried to make sense of everything, but there was just too much to make sense of. He remembered some things, but then again he had been asleep for some time, so how was he to gage what was real? He raised his hand to his head, and noted that though it was somewhat painful to do, it wasn't significantly painful as before. Before? So he was shot. That much was real. He retracted his arm and groaned. Within seconds, Sherlock's head peered in around the corner, responding to the noise. "John?" He asked, concerned, in a voice not too loud.
John looked up Sherlock with big, soggy eyes. He reached up his hand to feel Sherlock's cheek and leaned forward. "Here." John kissed Sherlock softly, and continued to keep his hand placed at his cheek. He felt as Sherlock's cheeks were soon wet with tears as well, and they both stood there, discontent as much as they were content. The two men of 221b baker street.
"No," Sherlock responded. "But it's what's best. I shouldn't-" he paused. "Take advantage of you in this situation."
Sherlock only stared at John. John groaned.
"Is it not good?"
"That's bullshit. You know it is."
Light. Hmm. Oh. Oh my God. Sherl-
"Alright but-" John began distractedly, staring at Sherlock. He paused. "Sherlock, have you been using?"
"And you defended her."
"True," Sherlock said, the edge of his mouth slightly curling into a smile.
Utter silence from Sherlock. He was right. He couldn't help but smile inwardly at that.
"John, could we- uhh- switch positions?"
"Good." John attempted to put little breath into the word. It had little affect on Sherlock's sagging face. "I really am, or, at least I'm getting there," John said without thinking, subconsiously trying to repair Sherlock's physique.
“Sherlock?”
John nodded, even though he already knew all this. He had a free period next and he fully intended to spend it in the library, going over his chemistry notes to revise for the prelim exam. He opened his mouth to say so when Dr Bradstreet cut him off in his tracks.
Their dopey, happy grins matched in size and intensity.
The hand lifted and Sherlock was appalled to find he immediately missed its presence. It had been the first human contact in almost two years which didn’t come with dread, fear of hurt or self-loathing. There was no danger to his physical safety in that friendly, companionable touch. He flinched inwardly and downed the last of the whisky to wash away the memories threatening to absorb his thoughts. The pilot’s rich voice came gently close to his ear, breath tickling as the man leaned in.
“I do not need your protection, John,” Sherlock snipped. “You don’t have to defend my honour, I don’t intend to come to school dressed in rainbow drag and shove it in everyone’s faces. I just don’t see why I should be ashamed of who I am.”
“Alright then,” John said softly, and without warning, stepped forward. His swing was perfect and his left fist collided with Vic’s nose, making the other boy shriek in pain and stumble backwards. He felt a blow to his middle and moved to return it, but another punch caught him in the face. He staggered, pain blooming in his cheek, and spat a bloody mouthful onto the lino floor when yet another fist crashed into his mouth. In the ensuing scuffle, John couldn’t really tell if Seb had run off or joined in. After that, it was all a bit of a blur.
He sticks the note to the desk, underneath his laptop and looks up a few journals he's been meaning to read for the past week or so. His dissertation is almost finished and it's nice and quiet here. What's the harm in spending a little time catching up on his reading before he has to go back to his horrid flat?
"John," I groan, tilting my hips up again to get more of that lovely tongue. John grins and pulls me up onto my knees, my face still pressed into the bed. One of his hands drifts to stroke at my side, then trails across my stomach beneath my shirt.
Think of something else. Something that isn't John's eyes, or his touch, or his laugh. Seb's crusty sock down the side of the sofa. Victor reheating fish pie in the microwave. The chemical formula of violin rosin.
Luckily the place is empty when they arrive. Molly greets them cheerily as she struggles with an enormous bag of beans and tells them she'll just be a moment. John chuckles and goes over to help while Sherlock stands there, feeling out of place and a bit lost. John heaves the bag onto the counter for Molly and returns to Sherlock's side.
The blue lights of the emergency services vehicles flicker over everything. At one time they would have been a comfort of sorts to me. A sign that there was a puzzle to be solved, a mystery to untangle, a case to keep my brain from leaking out of my ears as it liquified in my skull from boredom.
“Flying home tonight,” he confirmed. He straightened the cuffs of his jacket and fished in his pocket before counting out a few notes onto the bar. Sherlock watched him as he turned to leave. He drained the glass of whisky again and refilled it. His head was starting to feel fuzzy around the edges, a gentle buzz in his skin, not entirely unpleasant but not entirely welcome either.
For a moment Sherlock was silent. Then John could see the walls coming back up in his eyes. Oh no, no no no, he thought. Sherlock raised his chin in a haughty manner. John wondered fleetingly if he knew how much like his brother he looked when he did that, then instantly resolved never to tell him so.
"Oh God," John is moaning, and Sherlock has to stop for a second and close his eyes as the feelings surrounding him edge dangerously close to overwhelming. The last thing he wants is to come in his pants before John even gets near touching him!
"No, no, let me hear you love," John pleaded, "let me hear you!" Sherlock acquiesced with a shy glance then closed his eyes and focused on what his body was feeling. A litany of "oh" and "John" poured form his throat as he chased his climax.
"Always wanted to get my hands on this glorious arse," he murmurs, his hands moving to part my cheeks. I think for a moment that I should feel ridiculous, exposed, John's face pressed to my bottom. The thought is fleeting and quickly forgotten when John licks a broad stripe over my entrance before kissing it over and over. I am dimly aware of a loud moaning and am horrified to realise that the sound is emanating from me. I burrow into the pillow again, trying to muffle the noise. No use trying to prevent it, not with John lavishing attention on me like this.
"You were going to leave me a note about coffee?" Sherlock asks, finally regaining control of his mouth and using it to actually form words instead of a mere approximation of intelligent speech.
, 2nd edition).
“Yeah,” Mike agreed, somewhat breathlessly. “I’ve been talking to Sherlock myself actually, he’s great!”
John wandered into the kitchen and poured himself a glass of water, smiling as he watched Sherlock bent over the microscope. Sherlock fiddled with the resolution a little, pretending not to be listening to John shuffling about and swallowing behind him. In truth, the sample on the slide had lost its appeal the moment he heard the front door opening and John returning.
Greg winks at Sherlock as John huffs a mild protest, and when Sherlock turns to glance at him John's blushing just a little, the tips of his ears turning a pleasantly warm pink.
My turn.
It’s not that I believed I’d never make a mistake. Even I’m not that arrogant. But I do miss things. Sometimes. Occasionally. And this was so very well hidden. And I didn’t want to look. Or, I didn’t want to look too deeply. The decision had been made already, maybe months before, maybe minutes before, who knows (or cares). I realise now just how wrong I’ve been all this time, how badly I’ve misjudged this, how well played the game has been. How much I’ve lost.
Sherlock forces himself not to just toss his violin aside carelessly as he grabs for his phone. He reaches it and fumbles, dropping it twice before eventually managing to swipe open the reply.
“That’s really annoying, you know that, right?”
"No John, I want you. I want you inside me. I want to feel you, I want you to feel me." Sherlock felt his face flush as he spoke and forced himself to hold John's gaze. It was worth his blushes to see the darkening of John's eyes on hearing his words. Licking his lips, John nodded.
Numbly, Sherlock nodded, thrilled as John’s mouth crashed into his. Their kisses were sloppy and messy and he felt John’s body stiffen as his cock began to pulse against his own. He was over sensitive and twitchy but Sherlock wouldn’t have traded the feeling of John coming in his arms, all over them both, for the purest 7% solution.
“Still amazing though,” John says, still grinning as he finishes his coffee. “Go on, I know there’s more!” Encouraged by the genuine smile in John’s eyes, Sherlock narrows his own and concentrates.
There are crumbs and bits of paper on the desk. Again. Again! Sherlock grumbles to himself as he crosses over to it and stares down at the mess. He lifts an arm to sweep the mess into the bin again when a slip of paper catches his eye. There's writing on it and, curiosity getting the better of him as usual, he picks it up as he sits down.
Right. Refocus. He throws his phone down again and goes back to his latest experiment, intending to concentrate on work for a while, to let his brain come up with a solution. But his mind refuses to play along. It keeps wandering back to John. John's voice. John's smile. John's kiss against his cheek. Sherlock frets with his experiment for all of three minutes before grabbing his phone, typing a message to John and sending it before he can overthink the whole thing. Again.
A look of open hostility passed between the two brothers and John hastily stuffed his hands in the pockets of his hoodie. He waited for what seemed like an age as some kind of frosty, wordless battle was fought over his head. Finally, Sherlock seemed to give in.
In his mind he pictured them, entwined as one beneath the sheets, their bodies moving in perfect synchronicity, slow and deep, reverent touch and delicate kisses. Sherlock imagined the feel of John's sun-dappled skin under his palms, the taste of John's kisses on his tongue, the weight of his body pressing down on Sherlock as he entered him carefully, oh so carefully, the feeling of John inside him. The thought of being so intimately joined with the man he loved made him shudder in the doorway as he watched John sleep in the early morning light of the bedroom.
Chemistry though, his chemistry was slipping. He'd just about managed to scrape a decent mark in one of the class tests last week, but he knew he had to knuckle down if he wanted to get a good mark in the prelim exams coming up. He'd never been exceptionally strong at the subject but the contrast of pale skin and mahogany curls directly in front of him were continuing to make it difficult to concentrate.
"Come on, Jean," Mike teased, "we 'aff to get to ze French class. Zere are many words we must learn if we are to be, 'ow you say, seducing ze girls?"
"So," John winks at me.
Sherlock strolls into the library with an air of indifference, nodding in greeting to Mrs Hudson who rolls her eyes affectionately at him. He ignores her chirpy giggling and knowing smile, instead making straight for the stairs and his favourite study spot. His heart is already racing and he sits down slowly, carefully taking out his laptop and forcing himself to calm. He loses himself in his work for an hour or so before remembering the plan.
“I want to see you,” John panted as he slotted himself into the space between Sherlock’s thighs, lying on top of him, his weight pressing Sherlock into the mattress. Sherlock nodded, panted a “yes, John”, and groaned. When their erections finally came into contact they both gasped loudly. John steadied his weight on one arm and brought his other hand up to Sherlock’s face.
John takes a step towards the violin case resting on the neatly made bed. He turns back to Sherlock with a question in his eyes. Sherlock steps towards him and reaches out to undo the clasps of the case. John sits down on the bed and watches as Sherlock carefully opens the case and raises the violin to his shoulder. He picks up his bow, tightens the horsehair and steps back. Then he closes his eyes and lets the music flow through him, from the place in his heart that will now always belong only to John.
John takes Sherlock’s hand and begins to lead him down between the stands, back to the locker rooms and his teammates. Oh god. John’s teammates. Sherlock swallows nervously at the thought of meeting the rest of John’s team. They've only been dating a few months but Sherlock is already in way over his head. He’s never been well-liked and he doesn’t know how they’ll react when John appears in the doorway with his boyfriend. Do they know? Will they be accepting of their captain dating a male student, a posh, arrogant genius? Won’t they be expecting John to be with some boring, soft, curvy woman? What about-
"Hey, it's okay, love," John was speaking into Sherlock's hair, "I'll just be more careful, yeah?"
Sherlock didn’t reply, and drained his glass.The barman grumpily brought the bottle over, left it beside Sherlock’s elbow and returned to the other end of the bar. Sherlock refilled the glass. One more. Just one more, he thought, then I’ll check in. And move on. And go home.
Definitely not Seb then.
The ellipsis indicating John is typing pops up, then disappears, and then pops up again. Sherlock bites his lip and stares at his phone, willing John's reply to come through before his heart can burst out of his chest with anticipation.
John moved his hand to tug the curls at the back of Sherlock's neck, pulled sharply and crashed their mouths together once more. This kiss was messy but no less sweet, and this time Sherlock couldn't hold back his moans. Distantly he heard himself make a low, rather helpless sound as John tenderly explored and coaxed and stroked. Sherlock's hands flew up to John's shoulders and he held on, only vaguely aware that he was harder than he'd even been in his life and desperate not to come in his pants like a schoolboy.
The man raised one eyebrow and smirked, clinking his glass against Sherlock’s as he took a sip of the sickly sweet fruit juice he’d ordered. Sherlock blinked, nodded and swallowed a dram of his whisky.
He gets out his notebook and tears out a sheet of paper. He taps his pen against his lips for a moment, then scribbles a note and tapes it to the desk.  'If you're struggling with your biochem module perhaps you should spend less time snacking and more time studying. Kindly piss off.'
“Same time tomorrow?” John gasped, dropping his bag and upending his rugby kit all over the floor. He cursed and bent down to retrieve it.
The first drink slipped down easily. Sherlock drained the glass and closed his eyes as the whisky burned its way down his throat, warming his stomach. He could drown out the noise of the bar around him as long as he kept himself focused on the sensation of the alcohol in his veins. Anything to distract himself from thoughts of where he was headed next, how far he’d come so far, and above all what he’d left behind.
“I don’t fancy Mary,” he mumbled into his sandwich, surer than ever that he didn’t want to talk to anyone but Mike and Greg about his crush on Sherlock.
"What are you doing?" I try to snap. The effect is somewhat ruined by the moan that escapes my mouth when John shifts against me. His voice is low and his breath hot against my skin as he speaks.
Sherlock gave a complying look. "You were shot, you were in hospital for a few weeks, slipping in and out of consciousness. I was able to speak to you one of those times, and you said that after all of this was over that you wanted to come back." Sherlock simply delivered the information.
"'D you want some tea? Mrs. Hudson's got a cup on down stairs."
John was really struggling with his composure now. "I wished I did it differently. For weeks and weeks and weeks I thought about how I could have done things differently or-" Sherlock brought his sleeve up to his nose to stifle a cry. "I'm- I'm so sorry John. I'm so sorry. All the hurt I caused you. I wish I could have done it before but I always rationalized it to be a bad idea." Sherlock's voice was breaking now. "I only did it on the hospital bed because I knew you were fading away, that I might never get the chance to tell you. So I did, right before you flatlined. If it wasn't for that, we'd still be in silence."
"I can't imagine it'll be that difficult for them to swallow, they've thought this was the case for years," Sherlock said plainly, and John laughed.
For that little moment, John saw Sherlock's version of those seven years. He HAD seen the way he acted, he HAD thought John had feelings for him, but he always thought it was because that was what he wanted to see. He thought emotions had clouded his judgement, and then he would doubt himself. Those were the seven years for Sherlock. Hell for him just as much as it was for John.
"It's fine. You're... fine, John."
John nodded. He paused for a moment. "Sleep?"
"There's something... something I've always meant to say and I never had..." Sherlock's hand began twitch, but he kept his face steady. "Since it's unlikely I'll-"
"I'm not forgetting, I'm... remembering."
The both of them wanted more, whether it be John's desperate need to be loved, or Sherlock's instint to move closer.
Sherlock put his hand on John's shoulder, not waiting to think. "It's only human." They looked at each other's faces for an extended amount of time, and Sherlock was very much aware of it. He felt his own fingers move to wrap around the back of John's neck, and the slight pull forward. Their lips lingered, John's eyes forced shut. Sherlock could hear his own breathing. Oh God. Should he say something? Could he place his lips on John's, simple as that? He moved his face closer, and their noses touched. Nice, this was... nice. John had a nice nose. It was round and fit in the most perfect of ways. God, if only Mycroft saw him now. If only anyone saw him now. He'd become a soppy love mess, and was loving every second of it.
"You always start using when I'm not there for you, my marriage, my pushing you away-"
"Back to 221b," John reaffirmed. Sherlock nodded. "Rosie's been here for that time as well."
"Mm."
"Can we try?" It was a quiet question, and Sherlock wished it had a better delivery.
"You thought what," John said, rather than asked, with emphasis. Sherlock lifted his head, his face obviously twisted with despair.
Sherlock was looking over him, sipping tea. John tried to hide his disappointment at the fact that he wasn't in bed with him. Well-was he in the bed? Did John make that up? It could make sense that he had been moved to Sherlock's bed- well, it really couldn't, but there was no reason that it had to mean they slept together immediately. But those memories felt so real-
"And a boyfriend or two," John interjected. It was most definitely a spur of the moment reaction, but it felt good to say that. Despite the tense situation, he felt open to be his whole self.
"You were hurt, John. I never wanted you to be the one hooked up to the morphine. I thought- I-" He looked down, contemplating whether or not to finish the sentence. John wouldn't give him the choice.
"Oh, come off it." John was slightly annoyed, but quickly resumed his previous softness of tone. "I'm not going to sleep tonight, and you know that. Don't blow me off like this."
The answer was quick. "Yes."
"Waiting seems like something I've become somewhat of an expert at. I can hardly imagine this will be that difficult."
John couldn't help but absolutely love the stuttering mess Sherlock had become, though it was slightly unnerving. Sherlock stepped towards the bed, still attached to John Watson. They slowly climbed into the frame, treading far too carefully, until they were on opposing sides of the bed. They had made sure never to let go in the movement, and their fingers remained laced. Nicely, comfortably laced.
"Alright."
Sherlock's eye's widened. He stammered. "I-I th-ink..." he took a breath. "I'd love that."
"John I-" his voice began to break. "I nearly lost you today and it was- so, so real. I've been a wreck and I don't know how to do right by you for everything I've ever done." He stared unblinkingly at the ceiling.
I got one very supportive comment that said more was wanted, so more was provided. Here it is. Uhh, yeah.
"'Course it is."
(See the end of the chapter for
They've spoken. Now they know. So, what happens now?
"What?" John asked, half a smile plastered on his face.
Sherlock Holmes had uttered the words "I love you." He closed his eyes, but the darkness that greeted him didn't part. Then, there was a gun, a prick in the back of the neck, and water. Being stuck in the cold, cold, water, that ever rising water, as he saw everything slowly slip away. And then, a way out.
"You're sorry? You- you played buddy-buddy this whole time, said she was better at the cases than-" He paused, realizing he had revealed a sore spot. "Point is, you acted like she was forgiven."
"Look there was a lot, and I wanted you for that long, but..." John ran his hand through his hair.
Sherlock nodded slightly.
John gave a genuine laugh. "Oh my God. You're adorable."
"Do you?"
"John, I can attempt to say it, but to utter the actual words- I can only do it so many times."
"It's still... difficult to see you hurt. For me. Forgive me if I'm hesistant to put you in the line of danger."
"Hm?"
"I'm sorry- I-I don't want it like that- I mean, I want it but- I don't-" John tried to make sense of his own thoughts.
John was silent. Sherlock was silent. John was evidently not eating much, for many reasons, but one was likely because of the noise it caused. It was that "sacred." Sherlock propped his chin up on both of his fists, attempting to catch John's eye, which only made John avoid his eyes more. He knew it was illogical to be annoyed by the waiting, so he focused both of his brains' sides on John's being. He would wait however long was needed, after all, he had waited for weeks- well, no, literal years- so what could minutes even be in comparison? Time was a vital part of the process, after all. John was- stop. Stop thinking about it logically. This is emotional- this is your emotion. Feel it. Feel everything that happens from the moment you said those three words to him on the hospital bed. Feel everything before that, and every second after-
When they arrive at the police station, however, John's bravery starts to falter. They are paraded around for the other officers delight, who taunt them, calling them nancy boys and poofters, shirtlifters and sissies. John tries to copy Sherlock, who walks ramrod straight and doesn't look neither left nor right, seeming deaf to the insults hurled at them. But John sees his muscles tense, sees the tightness around Sherlock's eyes and knows that he has trouble to preserve his cool facade.
“Oh, hello, now I think I recognise you. You are my mad flatmate, that insufferable git called Sherlock Holmes.” John smiles at him,but there's still apprehension in his eyes.
“Please...” Sherlock begs, not looking at John.
John swallows, hard. Next time. Jesus Christ.
John’s knackered when his shift finally ends as the sun creeps up over St Paul’s, still standing proud. It promises to be a bright spring day but he’s too tired to appreciate it much. He longs for a cup of real coffee, not this horrible substitute made of barley, and a hot bath, knowing that neither will be forthcoming at his present lodgings. He sighs heavily and pushes his hands into the pockets of his still slightly damp coat. There’s a piece of paper in it – and old receipt, a wrapper? – with which he idly starts to play as he walks towards the station. The Smithfield market is already opening, but John decides to walk through the passageway anyway, despite the sight and smell of pig carcasses.
For John would have been right, wouldn't he, bearing in mind what Sherlock held in store for him? If Sherlock could be persuaded to engage in hands-on sexual exercises at all, he was but damaged, tainted. If John had known... there were a bunch of occurrences in Sherlock's past very likely to repel even someone as persistently permissive as John H. Watson. Or, worse, someone like John would feel obliged to be considerate, to treat carefully and act appreciatively. Sherlock instinctively recoiled.
John makes tea at two o'clock in the morning, contemplating texting Sherlock. He sits on the sofa in the living room, head in hand and stares down at his phone sitting on the coffee table like it's a rather tempting but forbidden vice. He forgets to drink his tea and pours it down the drain an hour later, wondering where the time has gone.
“Can't you... can't you deduce?” John has to cough to clear his throat.
This is becoming more and more unhealthy.
“Would you ever have told me?” John asks after a while.
John is six minutes late, due to a signal failure at Liverpool Street station. Sherlock already lurks at their usual table in the window. He's staring down at his mobile, an eerily greenish light illuminating his sharp features (the bruises are fading, he's just earned himself a rather dashing scar to his right eyebrow) and his pale eyes gleam nearly cyan. The sight makes John's stomach tingle, sending a thrill down his spine.
“Better?” It's a stupid question but he has to say something to keep at bay the horror creeping in on him.
My love,
“Sherlock...” John begins, but falls silent as Sherlock's hands rise to John's belt. His dexterous fingers make quick work of the knot before brushing the fabric aside. John is naked underneath, his cock level with Sherlock's mouth. At the close sight of it, Sherlock's gaze becomes a little wary, as if his courage falters.
It rapidly becomes clear that some verbal reaction on Sherlock's part is required, so he raises an eyebrow before asking: “Sorry, what? I'd rather like to finish that.” Sherlock points towards the crumpled pages in John's clenched fist.
A bit of smut, mixed with loads of angst and futile ponderings.
And now, finally, Sherlock is able to whisper those words against John's skin in the darkness of 221b.
“Oh, John, I feel redeemed by your affection. Everything will be sparkling rainbows and saccharine exuberance from now on.” Sherlock cajoles in a camp high-pitched voice and John loses control.
John finds him when he returns the next morning. Sherlock is lying on their sitting room floor, dried blood soaking the carpet. His curls are stiff with it and his face is black and blue where it is not covered in a rusty brown coating.
His lips are swollen, saliva glistening on his chin. His pupils are so wide that his eyes seem almost black.
The whore looks up at him. “John.” he eventually says.
Sherlock still glares at him but John notices the tension between them slowly easing.
But it's not just John's workload that is getting increasingly erratic. He never knows when Sherlock might be at home. Sometimes, he gets up in the middle of the night, sneaking silently away when he thinks John's fast asleep. Or he receives a telegram mid-morning and leaves in a hurry, often not returning for days. John is paralysed with fear when he doesn't know where Sherlock is when the bombs start to fall, with no means to contact him and make sure he's safe. All he can do is burying himself in his own work to stop fretting over his lover's fate.
“John,” he pants.
“Please, John...” Sherlock's voice is rough and even deeper than usual. He might be shamming, but John doesn't really care right now, fisting his cock within reach of Sherlock's moist plush lips.
“We don't have to do this.” Sherlock states quietly.
“Breathe,” Sherlock murmurs as he lines himself up with one hand while grabbing the back of John's right thigh with the other, pushing it up almost to John's shoulder. John exhales and tries as best as he can to unwind and loosen his muscles but the weird sensation of something quite big bluntly nudging against his rectum makes him tense up. Sherlock presses forward regardless, watching captivated as the head of his cock breaches John's body, slowly sinking into him. Sherlock's eyes are hooded, two bright pink spots burn on his cheekbones and he seems so gone that John momentarily forgets his discomfort, until Sherlock pushes forward just a little bit more. John inhales sharply. This is not just unpleasant, it hurts. The pain shoots through him and John can't help it, he hisses in irritation and brings one hand up to Sherlock's protruding hipbone to stop him from going deeper.
At half past seven the same evening, Sherlock emerges from his bedroom, dressed in a sharp black suit and tight white shirt.
“Uhm...” John rasps.
“Sherlock, this can be really dangerous. If they penetrate your lung...”
John reaches for his wallet and drops the notes on the mattress. The man counts them before stuffing them in one of his boots.
“Such a waste.” Mycroft sighs. “Neither Sherlock nor you are of any use in a prison. Now, field work, on the other hand...”
“But … but you are not … gay.”
Yesterday, he'd kind of wanted John to kiss him. But today, as John finally, eventually did so, he'd just frozen, clamped up, shut down.
“Of course I’ll be fine. I am fine. I’m absolutely fine.” Sherlock mumbles into his pillow.
“Don't!” John murmurs, cringing, turning away from Sherlock, who even has the nerve to bat his eyelashes at him in a scathing caricature of flirtation.
He's uncircumcised, like John himself. Yet, unlike John, he's shaved. Much more hygenic. John appreciates the effort.
After a minute, John gets up. Before he pulls the door shut, he pauses in the doorway. “What would have happened if I hadn't stopped, hmm?”
“You all right?” Sherlock nearly jumps as John's voice hits him out of the blue, the sound waves impinging on his body right between his shoulder blades, making the hairs at Sherlock's nape stand on end. He won't turn but has to.
Time passed. The pair let their minds wander, occasionally crossing paths in their travels, unknowingly. They both sat, wandering, until-
"Oh, great." John did his sarcastic laugh, again. "So, I was left out again. Kept in the dark."
"Shall we?"
"Yes. Of course yes, but, it will take time."
Sherlock paused, but only for a second. "My point is, this is going to be slow."
John. John. For the love of Go-
"That's not enough." His response was quick. "I need you to live. I need you to be happy, with Rosie, in your flat. With Mary."
"She knew she wasn't, but she played along."
John sat at the table, sipping a rushed cuppa. Thinking. It was selfish, and not even fair to himself to cut Sherlock off like that. He wanted to hear what Sherlock had to say, regardless of the fact that he knew what he had to say. He smiled in his cup. He knew. But now, now he had to respond. Sherlock was waiting, literally only a few paces from him, sipping a similarly rushed cuppa. Little was uttered after the embrace, meaning the silence was only growing, looming over the two of them. And it was John's turn to move. He set his cup down and stood up, possibly alerting Sherlock, though he couldn't see. He approached Sherlock, though he kept eyes to the floor. "Uhh," he started. "So." He paused. "Dinner?" He looked up, his eyebrows raised.
John grinned, knowing Sherlock couldn't see. He thought about nustling him closer, but held himself back. This was good. Enough. Could be better. No, this was what they were both comfortable with. John was hit with a sudden and intense feeling of guilt. He tried to push it away, but the longer he stayed, the more he felt that feeling. He pulled away suddenly, and sat at the edge of the bed. Putting his face in his palms.
"What do we tell the others? Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, everyone?" John asked.
"I'm here. I'm here. I love you..." John squeezed Sherlock again. "Why don't we just stay like this? Forget the rest of the world for now, can't we just be happy like this? We'll figure it out later."
"What, d'you wanna spoon me?"
"Did I get it right?"
He said it again, eyes anxiously fixated on the screen. Molly Hooper raised the phone up to her mouth, and whispered the words, her mouth over-salivated, the three words stuck together. John tried to stay neutral, but his mind was a flurry of emotions.  He knew the words didn't come easy, but they happened. They existed now.
He woke with a start. He felt the same pain he felt before, but being awake made it feel more intense. He looked around for a morphine tab, which, apropriately reminded of Sherlock.
John laughed. "As if it hasn't been already?"
"Me too, Sherlock."
"What do you remember, then." Sherlock's face was almost cold when he asked, no, stated this.
"I thought I would always be there to protect you."
John rolled his eyes. "That a yes?"
John laughed. "No kiss then?"
"GOD, Sherlock! I can't do this. I can't I just. Can't." Sherlock's face saddened.
"Hey, John?"
"So, what do you want?"
John grabbed Sherlock's hand fiercly. Sherlock's breathing hitched. "I don't want this to go- I don't want you to go-" John let go of Sherlock's hand. "Sherlock, I'm not going to, but-"
Sherlock sat back. "No," he said, staring at the patterned sheets.
"No, Sherlock, I completely understand, I got too ahead of myself, my fault, one-hundred percent."
"Well, you should probably get some rest, considering the high stress of that situation," Sherlock said in a nearly-regular voice. Oh. The separation.
Sherlock let his expression slowly fall and moved to sit next to John on the bed.
Good? A bit not good? Honestly it's kind of painful to reread these because ugh I still had hope then but there is a tail end of this story. If anyone would like to read it, just leave a comment. Kudos are nice too. Okay, thank you. Have a nice day.
"You did. You always get it right."
"... what do you want, then."
They laughed quietly for a moments, followed by a few moments of silence.
"Why not?" Sherlock asked reactively.
"You know what you can do? You can shut up about all of this. All of it. Everything I do is my choice, everything Mary did was hers, and you have no bloody say in that-" John shut his eyes forcefully, attempting to stop himself while he was ahead. He took a few long breaths before beckoning Sherlock to come closer, to which Sherlock obliged. "I'm alive, and we can see eachother for one more day. Isn't that something?"
"Mm," was all Sherlock said in response. John smiled. His hand rested on his back, and he could feel his every breath. He longed to feel his heartbeat, to feel its unsteadiness. He wanted to look him in the eyes and reassure him that he was fine, they were okay. He wished to himself for a moment that this would occur outside of these circumstances, before realizing that was a very unlikely scenario. He wanted to tell Sherlock he was happy to know how he cared. How much. His dark curls so near his face. John could have fallen asleep like this. He would've, if not for Sherlock's next sentence.
John's face was sad. "Yes. Yes we can. I'm sorry that- I'm sorry this-"
"Took us this long to get here, and we can't forget what happened doing those years-"
John reached out to hold Sherlock's hand, who somewhat pulled away, as if instinctively, but slowly relaxed. He interlaced his fingers with John's, somewhat surprising him. They stood, parallel from the bed, unmoving. "You don't have to do this, you know," John said softly, turning to look at Sherlock. Sherlock swallowed loudly.
"We moving?"
"Okay. Boyfriends. Sherlock Holmes, my boy..friend. God, it's just so- strange."
"How are you saying this all with a straight face?"
"It was all so real- when you were dying-" Sherlock choked. "I'm so, so scared of that happening again..."
"John, I'm still concerned for your safety. Maybe it should remain a secret, just so you aren't hurt."
"Mm. Uhh, John?"
Complete silence.
"Oh come on, just let me have a bit more fun."
Sherlock looked up from his cup, then sipped again. "Mm."
"Hmm? Oh-" Sherlock's face slowly reddened. "Sleeping...? In beds?" He scratched the back of his neck. "T...oge...ther."
John put his head down. Sherlock inched his hand towards the nape of John's neck, but decided against resting it there.
Sherlock tried to conceal his surprise. "Do you miss her?"
It was just who he feared, or rather, anticipated. He came in silently, sitting down on the chair beside the bed.
"No," Sherlock felt John gently shaking his head, back and forth. "God no. It's perfect."
"Funny, I can't really remember this conversation," John looked up at Sherlock. "I do remember us talking but not me agreeing to come back..."
Sherlock looked as if he was going to say something, but never did. He crouched down, and buried his face in the sheets under John's armpit. "Easy now," John whispered. He rose his voice. "Is that even permitted?"
"Ahh, yes. Let's."
"This," John sighed. "It-" He paused and brought his tongue up against his upper teeth. "It won't- work like that."
"I know you're disappointed. But... thank you."
"Mhm."
"How long, then? How long, do you propose, we keep this a secret? I'm never going to be safe, but that's what I choose."
"Sherlock, tell me honestly, have you taken drugs while I was out?" John continued earnestly.
"Oh, uh, sure." John didn't mind being the little spoon, but he could understand if Sherlock wasn't comfortable assuming the position of the big spoon. John flipped his position and wrestled his left arm under Sherlock's body. He rested his right arm seemlessly around Sherlock's torso. God, this was nice. "You good?"
"No- I mean- well, that's an awful thing to- I don't. But, I- she left me with her child, her memory, and it's burned into my Goddamn skull." He said the last words with force. "How am I supposed to- how am I allowed to feel anything right now when she-"
"I'm not." Sherlock's lip quivered, and he kissed John's forehead. "I want to do that. Over and over again, and I never want to stop. But I can't if you're- gone." John's eyes softened.
“I see,” said Sherlock, watching as John bent down to undo his laces and toe off his shoes. John humphed under his breath and shed his jumper. Sherlock’s mouth began to water and he hurriedly glanced away. Plain white t-shirts did not usually cause that reaction, but plain white t-shirts stretched pleasantly over John’s broad, sturdy chest certainly did.
“Great deduction,” John huffed humorlessly. Sherlock sighed, and they sat at the kitchen table in silence for a moment.
"I want you too," he replied, trailing kisses down Sherlock's chest. For a moment Sherlock was lost in the sensations but then he recovered himself to stop John's descent. Oh, how he loved the feel of John's mouth on him, but he was getting too wound up and he knew if John were to swallow him down as he had last night, Sherlock would come too quickly. No, he wanted more this time and he needed John to know.
Sherlock settled onto his back and breathed deeply as John poured more lube into his palm. He gently slicked and teased Sherlock's erection to full hardness, kissing his bottom lip and nibbling it to make Sherlock gasp. The room filled with the sound of their heavy breathing, low moans passing between them. John's hand moved lower, tugging lightly at Sherlock's balls. Then John stroked lower still and this time they both groaned as Sherlock quivered around John's finger. Sherlock was soon keening and panting as John slowly worked him open.
'How'd you know I'm not just drinking the good stuff in a cafeteria cup? Gotta collect those loyalty stamps and get my free cup of horse piss somehow ;)'
“What about Sherlock?” he ground out through gritted teeth.
This is precisely why Mycroft avoids all feelings. Emotions are so unseemly, messy and unpredictable. He is lonely. I know what lonely is. I know it when I see it. I tried to tell him once. Goldfish. He raises his eyebrows at me. Apparently I said that word out loud.
Just one moment. Just one glance to satisfy his curiosity and then he could be back to pursuing his slides once more. Decision made, he quietly made his way down the hall to his bedroom and pushed open the door.
He tugs lightly and I go. I fall into him, his embrace sure and steady. He always is. He says nothing and I am glad of it. There is nothing I want to hear right now. He pulls me away from the window and back to bed, tucking my limbs under the covers, always touching me, always silent. He wraps himself around me and holds me close to his warmth.
“Never,” Sherlock replied, and tentatively leaned forward to seek another kiss. John happily obliged.
I quickly check my watch and see that only six minutes has passed.
John comes with me on cases again now. I don’t take anything with children and Lestrade doesn’t ask me to. I still have nightmares. So does John. When either of us wakes in a cold sweat we go to the other. I did it first, climbing in beside John just to feel his chest moving in and out with his breaths. It calmed my mind enough for sleep to find me again. He did the same the next night. Since then we’ve shared a bed 57 times. I sleep best with John.
“Jesus, Sherlock, your mouth,” he grunted. John withdrew his hand and wrapped it around their cocks, sliding up and down steadily. Together they gasped and grunted, Sherlock’s mouth dropping open at the sensation, breathless gasps spilling from his lips. John kept up a steady pace and Sherlock felt his orgasm building quickly, rushing him towards completion.
"Sit yourself here, I'll grab a quick shower and then I'm taking you to dinner. And you're going to eat," John says, wagging his finger in mock sternness. Sherlock rolls his eyes but allows John a small smile and does as he's told. John grins at him, drops a quick kiss to his hair and heads off for his shower.
His growl of annoyance can probably be heard across campus.
Watson looked up to meet my gaze behind our landlady's back. "I am sure Holmes will provide ample sustenance to sate my hunger," said he, a mischievous glint in his lovely eyes. I quirked my mouth and looked away lest the flush return to my cheeks and give away my innermost desires.
"Holmes," Watson admonished softly. "I am sure the Inspector has something interesting to have brought him to our apartments on Christmas Eve." We looked expectantly at the policeman. He cleared his throat and began to tell us the story of a missing wife and an apparently murderous goose. I rose to dress as the Inspector finished and then left to await us at the scene of the crime. I cast a longing look at my chair then nodded to Watson to hurry.
John's presence had from that very first day been a steady guide for Sherlock, and in return Sherlock provided John with a renewed sense of purpose. Even as they explored this new facet of their relationship Sherlock couldn't help but feel as though in some way things had always been like this.  True, it hadn't been easy. They still squabbled and sniped and bickered; John still lost his temper and stormed out; Sherlock still got lost in his head and too focused on his experiments. But now as well as awkward apologies there were kisses, each full of promise to do a little bit better next time.
Sherlock sighed, huffed and sat up all at once. John noticed she was wearing only a thin t-shirt and panties, and then tried not to notice anything else as warmth flooded into her stomach. Sherlock was watching her, eyes narrowed and nose crinkled in a familiar, calculating expression. John met her gaze unflinchingly, struggling to ignore the arousal coursing through her groin at the scrutiny. She’d always found Sherlock’s mind attractive, and being the centre of all Sherlock’s attention was incredibly hot.
As he rounded the corner to the changing rooms, John heard voices and harsh laughter. Remembering what Mike and Greg had told him, he crept towards the open door to listen in. He heard Phil’s voice first.
So why is John Watson smiling at him? The best that Sherlock can figure, it's because they inexplicably keep running into each other and John can't help but be friendly, even knowing what Sherlock is like. Sherlock tries to pretend that the couple of times he has accidentally let himself catch John's eye as they pass, the smile he receives does not warm his heart and make him want to do anything he can to make it happen again. He absolutely refuses to let himself blush with pleasure at a simple smile from a gorgeous boy. Unfortunately this has happened once or twice, resulting in Sherlock hiding in his coat collar, curls flopping over his brow so that only his eyes are visible and cursing his pale complexion under his breath, until the heat leaves his cheeks. His lower lip is sore from biting it to stop an answering smile spreading across his face.
Annoyed that he can deduce nothing further and elated that this means he has to go inside the coffee shop to actually speak to John and gather more data up close, Sherlock (unsuccessfully) squashes the butterflies in his stomach and marches into the coffee shop.
John snorted. “That may be so, unlikely, but it might be true. Still, not having that kind of offensive, homophobic stupidity on
In retrospect, it might have happened anyway. As it was, circumstances converged to create conditions conducive to finding himself trapped in a small space, pressed close to his half-furious, half-laughing flatmate, trying desperately to stop the undignified squeaks erupting from his oesophagus. Sherlock later reflected that, if he'd known that's all it would take for John to kiss him, he'd have got stuck in a cupboard on a stake out long ago.
Sherlock hatches a plan to catch whoever it is leaving him notes. It's a simple plan, really - go to the library, make sure he's seen going up to his his desk for a couple of hours, feign going to the loo and dart back to see if anyone is leaving him a note. He feels more than a little ridiculous doing it, but if it works...
"Sherlock, I want to..." John starts unbuttoning my trousers. "Can I..?" he trails off, fingers hitched into the waistband of my trousers and boxers. I nod, anxious for whatever may happen next. John pulls my trousers and boxers down to my thighs, freeing my cock and exposing my backside. He nudges me to roll back over again onto my stomach.
“John,” he whispered. “It’s...It’s all fine. Please?”
"John?"
"What's this about bugging my lovely fella?" John's voice says, and... Oh.
The notes get progressively friendlier, and more than a little flirty, and Sherlock soon gets a swoop of anticipation in his tummy every time he enters the library. He keeps each of the notes tucked away safely in his oldest notebook. He'd never admit to it, but he likes that someone is taking the time to leave them, just for him.
"I know," John sighed. "C'mere, please? I just want to be near, that's all, no.. Funny business." Sherlock gradually moved closer. He felt his heart begin to calm, relaxing the longer John just lay beside him, not angry at him or disappointed in him, just... Staying. Understanding. It was not a feeling to which Sherlock was accustomed. It seemed every day Sherlock would be surprised by John, reminded just how grateful he would always be for anything John would willingly share with him.
Sherlock stands dumbly gaping at the grinning face of John Watson. He blinks and tries to process. Just what the hell is going on here?!
“You’re assuming they started it,” John replied. Sherlock snorted again.
“Ah, John,” he said, voice rough with sleep, “tea?”
Outside, John shuffles on his feet a bit, looking at Sherlock with an odd expression. Sherlock stands with his hands jammed in his pockets, unsure of what he should do next. He really wants to spend more time with John, but how does one ask that?
“You came out on top,” Sherlock was saying, “but why, John? Why did they start a fight?”
“What I can’t figure out is why,” Sherlock muttered. “They’re you’re friends, what could possibly-”
"Morning gents," greeted Lestrade. "What do you have for me?" I snapped, eager to be done with whatever petty trifles he had brought.
“Don’t,” he said warningly. For once Sherlock’s minimal sense of self-preservation kicked in and he shut his mouth with a click. John shut his eyes, prayed for patience, snorted and stood up.
Soooo.... turns out I couldn't just leave it where I left it. Here, have some gratuitously daft smutfluffing.
I nod and lead him out of the building. We don't say another word to each other as I summon a taxi. Lestrade calls to John as it arrives and I stand and watch the scene as they talk for a moment. I start deducing the assembled officers and John hurries back over. He still says nothing, just looks at me with an odd expression I can't place. Then he gets in and we leave. Lestrade's paperwork can wait for John tomorrow.
"I don't have hiccups anymore."
“Obvious,” Sherlock retorted, not looking up. John didn’t miss the tiny smile he tried to hide, and was inwardly delighted.
The sound of his phone vibrating in his hand shakes him from his thoughts. John has texted him again.
John's focus and determination doubles in intensity, and Sherlock can feel his orgasm building in his belly and groin. A hot spike runs through his entire body when John cheats a little and moves one hand from his arse cheek to tease down the crease of his arse through his trousers. John's fingers brush ever so gently over his hole and Sherlock cries out as the pleasure peaks, his climax rushing over him in wave after wave of bliss.
"John," he whispered. "John, I want.."
"Can I take your order now?" the waiter says in a bored tone. John tilts his head and Sherlock picks something completely at random from the menu he memorised when John first suggested this date. Sherlock has no idea what he just said. This is going to become a problem, he thinks. John smiles and, not looking away from Sherlock, orders the same.
“That’s not a problem, not at all! He refuses to be anything other than himself, it’s pretty cool actually,” Greg continued, “but it does make him stand out a bit. I mean, er, what I’m getting at John, is that Sherlock is… well he’s gay. And everyone knows it.”
The next few weeks passed quickly. John slowly made progress in his coursework (Sherlock’s breakneck speed and impatience notwithstanding),and John found himself becoming increasingly warm towards the irascible chemistry nerd. Sherlock’s enthusiasm for the subject was infectious; the light in his eyes as he explained complex equations, hands waving in front of his face, talking so quickly so as to forget to take the occasional breath. All too often John realised he had lost the thread completely, too captivated simply watching Sherlock.
Suddenly Vic stood up and snarled angrily. “It’s disgusting,” he spat, “that dirty fucking queer in our school!”
"It's okay John, you can tell me," Dr Bradstreet told him. John just stared harder at the floor until she sighed again and turned away, rustling papers on her desk.
Sherlock turned away and bit his lip. This was a disaster. He had to get control again, he couldn't afford to give away just how much that kiss had meant to him. He certainly couldn't give away that it had been his very first proper kiss (Laura Lyons, his mother's friend's daughter, at age six did not count). He felt a hand on his arm as John tugged him back round.
Saturday evenings are always quiet in the library, except during exam week, and even then, nobody really ventures up to the silent study spaces on the second floor. It's mostly filled with old books that only one or two of the lecturers even know exist, with the rest of the university's holdings in the sciences being stored in the much more modern and much larger library closer to campus. Sherlock hates that library; a giant glass monstrosity that sits right in between two of the university's newest buildings - the medical school and the physics, chemistry and engineering departments. That library is enormous, 11 floors of study spaces for both arts and sciences students alike, always bustling with hundreds of undergrads and some of the more popular lecturers.
"Intense, huh?" John finished. Sherlock nodded slightly. "It is for me too, love," John whispered. "I want you so much, Sherlock, all the time and it just... I-I just..." John broke off and huffed in annoyance. Sherlock smiled and curled closer into John's body. His arousal had wilted somewhat but he still craved their former proximity. He hummed his understanding, wanting to spare them both having to put too much into words. John hugged him fiercely and kissed his hair.
Sherlock loves this library. As much as he hates having to type up his dissertation notes, feeling that the results of his experiments should stand for themselves, he likes coming here to pore over his work. He's not been back in a few days and he's eager to get back to it and finish so he can submit his dissertation and move on to his postgrad studies.
" as John sinks to his knees grabs two handfuls of Sherlock's arse, pressing his face to the tent in Sherlock's trousers. He deftly opens the zip and brings Sherlock's cock out, groaning in pleasure as he strokes him. Sherlock's knees quiver and he's trembling all over, but he somehow manages to notice that Greg has pulled back from Will and they are both watching John and Sherlock intently. Sherlock looks down, taking in the bulge in John's towel and the darkening of his eyes. John smiles at him, reaching to take one of Sherlock's hands and placing it in his hair. Sherlock smoothes his fingers through the soft silver-blonde strands, then gasps as John takes the tip of Sherlock's cock into his mouth and sets to work.
Sherlock feels featherlight caresses in his hair and opens his eyes to find himself snuggled up next to John's thigh in their bed. John is carding his fingers through Sherlock's curls, a smile playing on his face as he drinks his morning coffee from a battered travel mug. Sherlock cuddles in closer, his wonderful dream fading slowly as he wakes.
He shook his head as he climbed the stairs to 221B, wanting nothing more than a takeaway and crap telly with Sherlock. It wasn’t as if things could get any worse, right? First Brexit, now this…
John's mouth drops open and Lestrade's gasp is probably audible on the other side of London. Belatedly I figure out that somehow my sluggish brain chose to verbalise that particular thought. Oh no.
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg sniggers and mutters something under his breath to Will that sounds suspiciously like "buggering John's lovely fella". Will at least has the good grace to colour a little when he laughs.
"When I can try that on you?" I ask. He collapses into giggles, looks at what he calls my 'John this is a serious experiment' face, and grins widely. "Because the average refractory period for a man over 40-"
"Fuck it."
“There’s always next time,” he replied. John gasped and Sherlock cursed his loose lips. Hurriedly, he tried to recover. “That is...I mean...I…”
Unsure of what to make of anything that had just happened, John stumbled into maths and buried himself in quadratic equations until hometime.
I feel a hand on my shoulder and I give no reaction. A sigh, a shrug, a promise to check in with me later. A gentle nudge, a push towards John, a murmur that he needs me now, more than ever. I blink. Lestrade is wrong. He doesn’t need me now. I doubt he ever will again, not after this.
Sherlock had realised too late just how deeply his feelings for John ran. So many things unsaid and, he could see now, both of them shying away from taking a step which they had thought could jeopardise their friendship. Why risk everything? They had been such cowards, so afraid of losing what they had had that they tried to be content with just a little, denying themselves what they had truly wanted. And now... Now it was all there. John was waiting for him in what had in only a short time become their bed.
They sip their drinks in silence for a moment, each not wanting to give away their nerves. Sherlock sets down his cup and tries not to stare at John. For his part, John looks as though he is trying equally hard not stare. John cracks first.
“What is it this time, freak?” Phil sneered. “Watch it, John, he’s probably getting himself off under that table!”
"See you, Sherlock," John says, and with a wink, walks away towards his own residence.
"Yeah, I was going to," John replies, grinning again. "Was wondering if you'd show me where to get good coffee around here. I was hoping, actually," he finishes, suddenly looking a little shy. Sherlock furrows his brow - why on earth would John be shy?! Naturally John misinterprets his expression.
"Mmm, wh's'at for?" John asked sleepily.
"Your John, straddling you like this?" he whispers.
John's wearing only a towel too, standing beside Greg. Will gets up to join them. All... all barely dressed... in only towels. Sherlock swallows. Hard.
“I know you don’t fancy Mary,” Tim told him softly, “and I know who you do fancy.”
“It was gross!” Phil was saying. “You should’ve seen the way that freak was leering at John! And John didn’t have a damn clue!” At the sound of his name, John took the risk of sneaking a peek through the door. The boys were gathered around Phil, all pulling faces of disgust as they talked about Sherlock.
“You decided to become a doctor not because you found a baby bird when you were seven,” he continues, smiling as John giggles, “but because you thrive on being kept on your toes. You have an innate caring nature, of course, but you like the challenge of studying medicine. You, like me, hate being bored.”
John looks.... perfect. He's wearing a deep navy cashmere jumper and dark jeans, his blonde hair and golden skin glowing in the low light of the restaurant's candles. His face crinkles with delight when Sherlock approaches and Sherlock finds himself smiling shyly back. The waiter takes Sherlock's coat to hang up at the door and they sit down. Nervously Sherlock picks up the wine list, just to give his fidgety hands something to do. There's nothing he can do about his whirling mind, as his cheeks flush under the weight of John staring at him.
"Hey, you alright Sherlock?" John asked softly, his other hand coming up to cup Sherlock's face. "Look, I know I-," John started. Sherlock blinked and stayed silent, trying to squash the ember of hope flickering in his stomach at John's touch to his cheek.
John shrugs. “I’m going to move back to London too, actually,” he says, a little too casually. Despite his best efforts, a sliver of hope begins to bloom in Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock was not at all prepared for the rush of warmth, comfort and affection which flooded through him at the sight of John nestled in his bed. It just looked...right. Like John belonged there. His face was relaxed and the sheets moved gently with each soft breath. John had curled onto his right side on the bed, leaving space behind him for Sherlock to crawl in and wrap himself around John, stroke John’s hair and kiss the back of his neck, and John would smile in his sleep and roll towards Sherlock and -
Tim caught up with him just as he reached the door and stopped him with a hand on his arm. John startled and stepped back to let the other kids into the classroom, curious as to what Tim wanted.
Finally, his phone vibrates. A reply. A reply from John!
Sherlock turned his head and suddenly that sad gaze became razor sharp as he took in all of John Watson (in his dubious glory). John sat still, steadfast under the microscope of Sherlock’s scrutiny. It was… Intense, to say the least, to be the focus of those wonderful eyes, but John was revelling in it. He felt stripped down, bare and raw. As if Sherlock could see him, all of him, in that single look. There was an honest openness in Sherlock’s appraisal, making John feel as though he were only looking because he was curious, not with any malicious intent. It was utterly thrilling.
John twitched irritably. “I told you, it doesn’t matter what they said, they’re just homophobic twats and I was sick of it.”
Sherlock huffed and flopped down onto the sofa again, eyes closed. John sighed, lifted Sherlock’s feet into his lap and switched on the tv. He was absent-mindedly stroking Sherlock’s calf when the news came on. Cabinet reshuffle. Turns out the rumours about that were true, then.
When he finally finishes, the last tender vibrato fading from the air, he opens his eyes. John is looking at him with such wonder, eyes sparkling and oddly wet. John blinks and Sherlock is horrified to see tears fall down John's lovely cheeks. John sees him noticing and flushes, his head dropping into his hands. Sherlock panics and fumbles with his violin, hurriedly stuffing it back into the case then dropping to his knees in front of John.
John snorts in amusement and quirks an eyebrow at Sherlock.  Then he's tugging Sherlock's head down into a filthy, messy kiss of their own. Sherlock rapidly loses all sense of time as John ruthlessly plunders his mouth, licking and nipping at his lips, teasing him relentlessly. When John finally releases him Sherlock sways on his feet, dimly noticing that he's now very very hard.
"You alright?" John asked innocently. Sherlock frowned. He wasn't sure. Was he? What was that? Had John just kissed him to shut him up? Oh God, had John noticed Sherlock's arousal? What if... what if John knew?!
Suddenly John gasps what sounds suspiciously like Sherlock's name and Sherlock feels something hot and wet spilling across his fingers. The sensation of John coming over his hand tips him straight over the edge and he's aware of a hoarse shout of "John!" as his climax tears through him.
Sherlock nodded, but he still seemed a bit lost and puzzled. Eventually, he met John’s eyes. “I’d no idea Mike and Greg were gay, I’d thought I was the only boy at school who was gay. Well, me and Tim Dimmock, but I don’t think Tim is out, not like I am anyw-”
John, to seeing his face again, there in front of me, right there, instead of in my mind’s eye. Hearing his voice again, his fond admonishments, his grumpy cursing, his laugh. God, his laugh. The sound of his laugh echoing in my ears had been all that I had, once upon a time. And now I was coming back, I would make him laugh again. Laugh at me, if you want John, I don’t care. Part of me still doesn’t, if it means he is with me. Just the two of us, against the rest of the world.
"I-I…," John says, then clears his throat. "I mean, I, um," he starts, cuts himself off, and frowns. Sherlock blinks. Shit. Well, that lasted longer than he thought it might. Shit.
That was a mistake, I realise it now. He shouldn't have pushed me but I shouldn't have pushed back. When will I stop getting it wrong? I cannot afford to keep messing things up like this; John assures me that it happens in all relationships and part of being successful at it is recognising when you are in the wrong and apologising, compromising for each other. I try but I still fumble and it's infuriating.
"Now, there we are," she said cheerfully, laying the tray on the table and smoothing her hands down the front of her dress. "I shall bring you some scones when they are ready, but then you must look after yourselves," she declared. I lowered my paper and raised an eyebrow. She sighed and looked at Watson, who simply grinned.
Sherlock hummed quietly and watched John leave. He sighed and switched slides. This distraction was becoming a problem; his focus was always divided when John was present. He could work around it, but the desire for John’s proximity was troubling. Lately he’d found himself drawing closer, just craving the feeling of being near to John as he puttered about in the flat, making dinner or typing abominably slowly on his blog (which of course Sherlock would not admit to reading avidly). It had begun to be noticed more on cases, too; Sherlock had always stood too close to John anyway, but Lestrade’s raised eyebrows on Met burglary case showed just how transparent Sherlock’s behaviour was becoming. The itch to close the physical distance between them was maddening. Suddenly it wasn’t enough to simply be in the same flat, in the same room. Sherlock wanted to be closer somehow. He wanted all of John, and to give John all of him, such as it was. He wanted John to break him apart and put him back together, and he wanted to do the same for John. He had no idea what to do about these feelings and simply ignoring them seemed to be getting less and less effective.
My face is wet and suddenly I am sobbing silently in his arms. He rolls me over and I bury my face in his neck. He strokes my hair and says nothing. His touch tells me all. I don't say it but he knows. I will say it tomorrow, I promise myself. Eventually I subside and we settle, wrapped around one another. This is how I wish to spend the rest of my days, exactly like this. Seven years is not enough yet. There is nowhere else for me, here is where I belong.
“Yes, love?”
“He’s an insufferable tosspot, but he should be occupied in his study,” Sherlock was saying as they made their way up a long gravel driveway. John just smiled - until the house came into view.
“Well?” he asked again, a bit more harshly than he meant to.
"Right," John mutters, sucking in a breath. "Home?"
Mrs Hudson bustled back in carrying a fresh tea tray and I was delighted to smell a batch of her fresh scones waft in through the open door.
How was he going to play this? From everything he knew about Sherlock Holmes going all gooey at him was likely to result in either instant dismissal or blissful ignorance of John’s intentions. And more to the point, what exactly were John’s intentions? Passing chemistry again, that’s for certain. But a small part of him hoped that Sherlock would enjoy teaching him, that they’d get on and maybe become friends. If it went so far as mutual agreement that they could stand to be in one another’s company for more than thirty seconds and they could manage pleasant conversation, John might even go so far as to see if there wasn’t anything more he could offer than friendship. If Sherlock wasn't like that, then he’d settle for friends. Just friends would be fine, he’d get over his silly crush. Eventually. The boy was brilliant, he deserved to have a least one friend to text and email and meet up with in the holidays and tell about uni and so on.
The reaction was immediate. Vic’s face went an ugly shade of red and he scowled in what he must’ve thought was a menacing way at John. John stood his ground.
“I mean, he’s blunt sometimes,” Mike carried on, then coughed. “All the time.” Greg laughed. “He’s so bloody clever though,” he said and Mike hummed and smiled at John. He didn’t quite hide his grin, and John felt his anger simmer down somewhat. Even if some of the rugby lads were total prats, these two were good friends.
"My flat is old," he suddenly blurts. John seems unfazed by the complete non-sequitur and merely raises an eyebrow. Sherlock blushes and looks away from John's gaze so he can try and regain some control of the link between his mind and his mouth.
"I want you," Sherlock said, his voice dropped low and rough. "Oh, I want you." John smiled and looked up, meeting his eyes.
"Y'know that tickles," he murmured, not opening his eyes. Sherlock frowned and began to withdraw his hand. John made a discontented noise and pouted, so Sherlock returned to lightly tracing the contours of John's face. John smiled again, a soft, delicate thing, and sighed happily.
John laughed and rolled them over, so Sherlock was lying over him. He stroked Sherlock's back and kissed him tenderly. "Okay love, lie down."
“Fantastic,” John says, apparently perfectly happy with this non-explanation. Sherlock tries not to preen and utterly fails. How has John’s praise come to mean so much to him in such a short time?
'You certainly proved stubborn, as did the coffee stains I see you tried unsuccessfully to remove from the surface on the far side here. I told you to stop drinking that swill from the cafeteria.'
And so what if Sherlock had dropped the occasional hint, it didn’t actually mean she’d consider a relationship with John, right? Expressing an aesthetic appreciation for Gloria, the embezzler who looked like Clea Duvall (“Hmm, I agree she’s highly attractive. Honestly John, I’m not blind!”), that didn’t mean anything. Surely? John had had a few dates since moving in, but Sherlock hadn’t ever mentioned it, hadn’t even seemed at all interested in Ian Adler, despite-
Presently Sherlock sat up and carefully pulled out of John’s sensitive hole, before fetching a warm flannel from the bathroom and cleaning them both up. John beckoned his husband back to bed and Sherlock eagerly snuggled in beside him, their customary cuddling position with John on his back and Sherlock tucked into his side, his head on John’s chest and curls tickling John’s chin.
“Thanks for telling me,” John said gratefully, then swiftly changed the subject, his mind already on what he was going to say to Sherlock when he next saw him.
Oh John. You, always you. Only you. More, I always need more. Please, John. I need to know we have more, there is more to come, there is more time for us. And he knows, he gives as he takes, every piece of me is his. The wave crests with his caresses and I let it all wash over me. As it recedes he is still murmuring, his words as warm as his embrace.
He belatedly realised he was supposed to be paying attention to isotopes and he tore his eyes away from that enticing mop of curls and back to his textbook. He ignored Mike's elbow in his ribs and tried to concentrate, but his eyes kept wandering back to the curly head in front of him. The rest of the class passed in something of a blur and before he knew it, John was being shuffled out of the chemistry lab and towards his French class. He laughed at Mike's good natured ribbing about his lack of attention, throwing an elbow as they jostled briefly in the hallway.
John sniffs, once. Lestrade meets my eye over John's shoulder. I struggle to my feet and forgo the opportunity to scold Lestrade for the goofy and adorable comments. I opt to eviscerate the thief instead.
John couldn’t help it; he laughed. Sherlock looked startled for a moment but schooled his face.
John nods in agreement. “Though I’m guessing I’m easier to entertain than you are,” he says, “with all that going on in that head of yours. Seriously though, how can you see all that about me?”
"Sit down, John" the teacher said kindly, gesturing to the chair beside her desk. John sat down carefully and waited.
Sherlock reads John's response with a completely goofy grin on his face. Then his phone goes off again.
The boy was new, he'd just transferred to John's school right at the beginning of term. Some kind of genius, so the whispers went, and it must've been true because even though he was a couple of years younger the boy had started straight into the advanced classes. It'd only been a week but it seemed this new boy wasn't much for making friends. John felt a little guilty at that; he didn't even know the boy's name. Something posh though, from what he'd heard in the hallways. He'd glimpsed the boy before but it was a big school with lots of kids and he'd never really paid a lot of attention. His own group of friends was quite small; just Mike, who shared his ambition of becoming a doctor and incidentally, his desk in chemistry. And Greg, who he'd known since they were four. Then there was Phil, Carl, Vic, Seb and Tim from the rugby team, but he wasn't really close to any of them.
Sherlock preens and blushes. “Yes, well,” he says, “that and decent coffee have clearly improved your abilities.” John smirks.
I quiet and John turns his attention back to the film, still grinning. It feels a little fragile, this peace we have built here in such a short time. We were both uneasy at first; when John moved back in we often tripped over one another in our haste to stay out of each other’s way. Gradually we fell back into our old routines and it began to seem normal again. Our version, at least.
"I d-don't need c-careful!" Sherlock hissed, pushing away and curling into himself. "I'm n-not made of glass, John!"
Sherlock blinked a little and glanced away in a manner John might almost have deemed shy. Too quickly the openness John had glimpsed was shuttered away and an unwelcome aloofness draped itself over the features John was now admiring up close. His voice, when Sherlock spoke, was resonant and deeper than John felt any kid of their age had a right to.
Finally, John and Sherlock meet again in Naples.
But then I remember your letters. I remember Naples. And I feel suddenly just giddy with anticipation. We'll have the rest of our lives to devote to each other. At least that's what I intend to do. Many other's won't have this chance.
Irene's husband was evacuated to England and is now with the 302. Polish Fighter Squadron. At least that's what she hopes, she hasn't heard from him in a while. We talk between clients. She promised to put me in contact with the Polish resistance if I could enquire with Mycroft on her husband's behalf. Walter is tedious in the extreme. He demands that I report to him 'personally'. That's when he expects certain favours. I have to oblige. Irene and I have a lot in common, don't you think?
When John has finished cleaning him, he removes the peas to take a long look at the gash on Sherlock's brow.
“Virtually nothing.” William flops back onto the bed. “He seems to have been the black sheep of the family, that's all I've gathered. No one ever talks about him. I think the two brothers had some sort of falling out. I once asked my father about him when I was a teenager, because of my strange name and my classmates making fun of it. All he could tell me was that his father, my grandfather Mycroft Holmes, had a younger brother whom he never talked about, who lived in London and had been involved in some sort of scandal. That seemed pretty exotic in my very conservative family. Therefore, I somehow related to this Sherlock as an adolescent. But that's it.”
“What exactly are you talking about, Sherlock?” John sighs. He's lost; for all he knows, Sherlock could be talking about that lung he had a go at earlier.
“The case is solved. The killer turned himself in this afternoon. A banker from the city, stressed out, erectile dysfunction, taking it out on rent boys resembling his supervisor.”
Sherlock blushes. That can't be true. He'd never... “I … I don't do these things...”
What the eye does not see, the heart does not grieve over.
“John?”
“Don't you dare! It feels... odd. It hurts. But don't stop. Just go slowly.” John tries a reassuring smile. Sherlock just stares back at him. Not very convincing, then...
Sherlock still doesn't talk to him, just stares and it's unsettling and feels disconcerting.
I can't right now...
“Okay. It's your choice. You paid for it.”
“It was a close call.”
"God almighty!" John mutters under his breath and pulls a pillow over his head but that doesn't really help. Sherlock works his strings into a crescendo that sounds like as if he’s scraping barbed wire with a chain saw and after suffering for nearly ten minutes, John can't take it anymore; he storms downstairs, just in his boxers, and throws open the living room door, sending it crashing into the wall, shouting: “For fucks sake, Sherlock, put the bloody strings down, or I swear I'll smash your sodding fiddle!”
“I'm glad we told each other.” John says after a little pause.
As Sherlock arches up into his mouth, sucking is suddenly not enough. John bites down, gently, and Sherlock makes that noise again, velvety dark and mesmerising. John's hand curls around Sherlock's erection all of its own account and starts to loosely stroke.
No, no, no, no,
“How many secrets are you keeping from me?” John finally asks, his voice conscientiously kept in check.
Sherlock pushes away from the desk and sits back down in his desk chair, turning his back demonstratively to Gibson while powering up his laptop. “I'm a rather busy man, Mr. Gibson, and I have no time or taste for aimless conversations. Good-morning.” With that, the detective gestures towards their door, his elegantly long fingers waving in the air.
“Sherlock, get on with it.” John sighs, trying to ground the madman before he starts to stride about like a rutting peacock. Besides, flattering Sherlock is his job and his alone!
Pretty hot, I'd say.”
“John...”
“Don’t get vocal, Mr. Gibson. I find that, before breakfast, even the smallest argument is quite unsettling. I suggest you think it over and return when you made up your mind.”
Until there’s a slim firm hand reaching between his legs and cupping his cock through his trousers. It’s like a punch to the gut. John’s head thuds back against the shutter as he closes his eyes, gasping softly. Long fingers start to massage him rather expertly as the man moves even closer, positively shielding him. John can feel the stranger's hot breath against his neck as his cock thickens under the seductive touch.
“You bit me.” He says quietly. They don't look at each other.
“Oh, I will.” Sherlock grins deviously before he wrestles John’s strong and able body down onto the mattress for a lazy morning shag.
“John, I can't...”
Sherlock feels utterly calm all at once.
“John...?” It sounds meek, very unlike Sherlock. John faces him again, a bit surprised. Sherlock is not meeting John's eyes, still fussing with the strand from his quilt.
Sherlock disappears until noon the next day, when he crashes into their flat, looking slightly dishevelled. He doesn't even bother to answer John, who politely feels obliged to offer some breakfast but just makes for his room, flopping face down on his bed without even taking his coat off.
, so it could be worse.
He lets his shirt fall to the floor. Gladly, he remembers to take his shoes and socks off before he pulls down trousers and pants, otherwise it would have been one of his more embarrassing stripteases. He has to remember that his client is paying good money for this. Mr White is entitled to a peak performance.
He checks for other obvious injuries on the body, finds none, and very carefully pulls Sherlock up into a sitting position, his back against the sofa. Sherlock's head is lolling from side to side until John holds him by the chin to inspect the ghastly cut to his right eyebrow. The area around it is swollen, as is Sherlock's right eyelid. John pulls it open; the eye behind it is glassy, the sclera bloodshot. John gently starts to feel Sherlock's face and skull, searching for further subcutaneous injuries. His nose might be broken, and his lip is split. Sherlock's chin and throat are glazed over with dried blood. He looks like an extra from a particularly gory horror movie.
“There was a WhatsApp message on Mario's phone, confirming a meeting with Mr Dunbar for the night he died?”
As he heard the shower running, he suddenly knew how to proceed. He had done this before. He was good at it. It had never failed to impress.
“Shower.” Comes a muffled, yet somehow familiar voice. “Just come in. Make yourself at home.”
The DI nervously licks his lips. “John, I thought he told you?”
“Is that... How do you come by real coffee?” He almost chokes on his own saliva.
Sherlock stands in the middle of the room, still fully dressed. His shirt sleeves are rolled up, leaving his forearms exposed. John briefly thinks he's made the totally wrong assumption, until Sherlock steps up to him, bows his head, brings his hands up to either side of John's face and slowly brushes his lips against John's.
Spend the day with Walter. If what Witold tells me is true, I want to strangle him in his sleep. His touch repels me even more than usual. He has literally blood on his hands. I hate him from the bottom of my heart.
Sherlock had screwed his eyes tightly shut as his hand pushed even lower. His knees had nearly buckled as he'd started to stroke himself, hard and fast. The lathering foam had made everything deliciously slick and Sherlock got embarrassingly close rather quickly. It had felt like drowning. He had to brace himself with one arm against the bathroom wall, envisaging looking down on John, whose pupils would be blown wide, lips slightly parted, rivulets of water running over his face, dripping from his lips, down his chin and neck...
“Hey, look at me.” Sherlock has obvious trouble lifting his head and to gaze at John. When he eventually succeeds, his eyes are glassy; the irises, which can shine all colours from light grey to deep blue, right now are almost colourless, the pupils the size of pinpricks. “You're not just drunk, are you?” John's world has started turning again, but now it skips slightly off-kilter. “What else did you take?” He has trouble concealing his anger. 'Don't scare him off', a voice whispers in his head, and John switches into doctor mode to emotionally detach himself from this lunatic he happens to share his digs with.
Sherlock leaves England on a small boat bound for France a few hours later. It'll be more than four years before he'll set foot on his native shore again. He'll have changed by then, as will have England. Yet one thing will remain the same: he'll still be hopelessly in love with John Watson.
“Sure, Sherlock. I just... need a minute.” God! Oh. My. God! What is he supposed to do?
“Never took you for an especially squeamish type, with all the body parts in the fridge.”
“Maybe. But I need dinner first.” John gets up and walks naked over into their kitchen to order Chinese. The full view of plump arse cheeks above muscular thighs distracts William enough to stop his brooding over the fate of long-forgotten people and motivate him to engage in the process of getting some sustenance in the presence.
Even with a good ten inches of space between them, sharing a bed feels utterly intimate. Therefore, sleep is the last thing on each man’s mind.
John's jaw drops but he doesn't answer.
“Sherlock, please... stop!” John pants. “It hurts.”
Wherever you are, I hope you don't have to witness such suffering.
Sherlock sighs. “My brother found some... suitable work for me. And I was in no position to refuse, hence he literally saved my neck. I'd like to tell you more but then I'll have to kill you afterwards. Unless you've signed the OSA.” Sherlock cracks a somewhat acerbic smile.
Sherlock stares back at John as if to ascertain how determined his flatmate is and if he himself has the energy to fight him. After a long moment, Sherlock gives the briefest nod before turning and heading to the bathroom.
“Ok?” Sherlock asks enthralled, not taking his eyes from where his finger is lodged up to the first knuckle.
John finally catches on. “Oh, you mean... so he was... is... Neil Gibson is... gay?”
“You'd like that, wouldn’t you?” Sherlock's voice all of a sudden sounds incredibly low and dirty. John feels himself getting blotchy with bright pink patches all over.
So, to stop things from escalating and thereby deteriorating further, Sherlock leaves his room and goes upstairs to tell John off unmistakably, once and for all.
He's a good man. Under different circumstances, we might have ended up together. But my heart is taken. I've told him as much. He appreciated my honesty. I trust him with my life.
William just nods. A slight shiver passes through him, as if someone walked over his grave. He pulls his dressing gown tighter around his light frame and leans a bit into John’s warm, reassuring body. John understands, puts an arm around him and holds him close for a moment.
John adds a little twist to each stroke, massaging Sherlock's frenulum with his thumb. Suddenly, Sherlock's breath hitches and John can feel yet more wet stickiness on his fingers. Sherlock bucks violently into his fist, his breathing ragged, as a strained shout erupts from his mouth.
--------
John just hums in response, stroking his fingertips gently up and down Sherlock's heaving sides. “God, you are such a tease, John Watson,” Sherlock chuckles and as much as his impatience is still evident in his tone, there's also a definite raw huskiness that betrays his attitude.
look, ‘cos I know you, Sherlock Holmes! You found that note and hid it on purpose! You read it, discovered that someone was interested in me, and decided that this would undermine your control of my life, so you … what? Burned it? Ripped it to pieces? Ate it? WHAT?” John is actually furious. Sherlock is impressed by the accuracy of John's speculations – there is still hope left – but senses that complimenting John on his deepening insight in all matters Sherlock right now might be regarded incongruous. So he sticks with denial.
He soaps himself very, very thoroughly under the scalding spray, paying especially close attention to his nether regions, before shaving exceptionally careful. Should he bother with getting dressed again? It seems superficial. But his terry cloth robe is hardly sexy. Should he emerge naked? Might be a bit too blatant, even for Sherlock. He decides on a towel, riding low on his hips. After taking a few deep breaths, Captain John H. Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers leaves the bathroom to ravish his flatmate. Hopefully, it ends more successful than his Afghan campaign.
“You should sleep too. You look knackered,” John dares to suggest but Sherlock doesn't move or give any sign that he has heard, so John only sighs once more before turning to climb the stairs.
All remaining mistakes are mine, and mine alone.
They just gaze at each other for over thirty seconds until John asks, his voice shaking: “May I come in?”
“What for?” Sherlock asks, genuinely bewildered.
“That's what the tabloids call him. There's actually a piece about him somewhere in here.”
The desert is fast, like, huge. Don't laugh at me, it's truly majestic. It's very hot by day and freezing by night. We've now reached our outpost, fifty miles south of Marsa Matruh. I've no idea what we are doing here. It's just a few tents in the middle of nowhere. But I've already plenty to do: heatstrokes, dehydration, sunburn, you name it. One poor bugger got bitten by a scorpion. He might lose his leg. He's just nineteen, Sherlock, imagine that. And not wounded in action, just got bitten by a bloody insect. Ok, even I know that scorpions aren't insects, but anyway... it's so unfair.
You have to tell me all about it when we meet again.
Lunch was very... revealing. Irene is originally from Poland. Impressive insight into human nature. She gave me a friendly warning and told me that I was a little too transparent. She'll see if it's possible to introduce me to some of her friends. We have to be careful.
“Yeah?”
He can feel Sherlock relax just a fraction. There's another wave of noise emanating from downstairs and both men wince. “Better get your stuff. I'll see you upstairs.” John squeezes Sherlock's arm once before climbing up to his room again.
John crosses his arms and raises an eyebrow: “Honestly? Poisoning my coffee is so two months ago...”
“Violet Smith? Our client. I thought you were following a lead to her stalker last night?”
Sherlock takes a deep breath before he continues: “I did most of the work for our project. We often spent the afternoons behind the boat house. I was reading and writing while Victor was sparking up a spliff and dozing off. Until one day...” Sherlock trails off. “One day he offered me a smoke – and I took it. I didn't like it very much, weed is not my preferred substance, wasn't even back then, but I tried it. It made me dizzy, slow... I remember Victor leaning in, grinning. He took another drag and then pressed his mouth over mine, exhaling. I thought he was playing a prank, trying to rile me up. It took a few seconds before I realised that he didn't pull away. Then he pushed his tongue in. It was wet and sloppy. I froze. It was like drowning. I tried to pull away but he grabbed my head, pushed me down. He shoved his hand inside my trousers and rutted against my thigh, lying half on top of me. He... groaned. His hands were rather clumsy, tugging at me. His tongue was... bold, very unskilled. It was quite unpleasant.” Sherlock looks over John's shoulder, out of the window, losing himself in the grey morning light. “At least it was quick. He didn't have much stamina. He rolled off me, got up and... smiled. He had obviously enjoyed himself. Said we needed to clean up. When I did not answer he strolled off eventually.” Sherlock blinks himself back into reality and sighs.
John swallows. This is getting out of hand.
“But my past doesn't feature shagging half of London. I didn't sell my body to anyone who offered me a fiver!” John explodes, brimming with helpless confusion transformed into vicious anger. He wants to hurt this stupid git, pierce his armour, crack him open and expose him. Know him. Own him.
“Sherlock, have you ever...?” John's eyes roll back in his head and he is completely devoid of speech as Sherlock takes him in to the hilt, his nose bumping John's pubic bone. John can feel Sherlock's throat tighten around the tip of his cock as he swallows him down, tongue pressed flat against the underside. It's tight and wet and the friction is glorious and John gets close embarrassingly fast as Sherlock continues to go down on him with abandon. John starts to rapidly lose what little restraint he's been able to muster as his hips snap forward almost on their own account. He can't fight it, closes his eyes and gives in to his primal need.
"Sher-"
"'People' can do much worse. Information... this information, it will be used. I don't want to find out how."
"I'm sorry for that, John."
"I love you, you know that?" John moved his head to see Sherlock's face, and saw his eyes tearing up. "Oh- oh no- Sherlock-" John turned and wrapped his arms around Sherlock, stroking his hair slightly. Sherlock breathed in, and then began to sob, purposefully muffling himself in John's shoulder. John held his counterpart tighlty, rocking softly back and forth.
"Lots of really stupid things, Sherlock," John sighed. "I hardly want to explain anything because if it never happened, if it wasn't real, than that reveals a lot about my mind, doesn't it?"
"I know what the two of you could become."
John returned the expression. "You're fine. Better than that, in fact."
"What does that entail?"
"How?"
John laughed and hesitatingly pulled Sherlock closer. It was so awkward, but God, it was heaven. Sherlock was shaking, letting a whimper out now and again. John pressed his lips against Sherlock's neck and closed his eyes. They had been in a similar situation before, and John was so very grateful for the smallest bit of intimacy. He had learned to hate it, but now he didn't have to. He unthinkingly began to lower himself, pulling his lips closer to Sherlock's chest. There was a sharp intake from Sherlock, but he pulled back slightly. John stepped back as well.
John coughed. "I think that's enough." Sherlock felt it. The adrenaline. He clenched every muscle in an effort to stop shaking. "I- uhh- oh, God," John laughed painfully. "It's just-all of it- all of this." He clenched his eyes. He dragged his hand across his forehead. He breathed. "You. You lo- all along, hmm? All along?" Sherlock nodded slowly. John laughed and licked his lips. "So. Everything. Every decision. You were there. Seven years. You didn't tell me anything. Not a word." John sniffed harshly.
"Do you not know what spooning is?"
"Watching you. Recover, to specify. I'm not asking for thanks, but I assuredly do not want to be mistaken for a consistent drug user during your recovery."
"Could I- uhh- wrap my arms around you?"
"Why," John wheezed. "Why do you need that?"
"What's not going to be... that easy?"
"Yeah," John breathed and Sherlock walked into the room."I'm fine. But a bit... confused. Mind clueing me in?"
"Waking in the same bed, hand holding... dinner."
"Sherlock..." the voice was barely a whisper.
They lay in bed for a few minutes, arms around eachother. Another thing to get used to, but John couldn't help but enjoy it, because he knew it would become a regular thing. Well, he hoped it would. Some things are always unforseen. John ran his palm slowly down Sherlock's side, Sherlock shivering at his touch. John was filled with ecstasy at the reaction. He gripped his arm around his waist and pulled him in closer. Was this good? He couldn't open his mouth to ask Sherlock. He'd hate if he was making him uncomfortable and didn't even know it. Sherlock nustled his head into John's chest, and that was enough clarification for him. John smiled, and let his eyelids fall. Every now and then, they would open, to make sure he wasn't imaging his situation. Around the time of 2:45, his breathing had slowed, and he was truly comfortable. Sherlock noted all of this, and he debated leaving the bed. It was the better choice for the pair, but he couldn't bare the thought of John waking up alone. So he stayed, his eyes watering. In John's unconscious, steady embrace.
Sherlock's eyes lightened, and he looked at John directly now. "The Tarmac. Our little talk about the woman. The same 'spiel.' Angelo's." John's heart was steadily dropping, and its rate increasing. "The start, my deductions, your little notes- John- Hamish Wa-Watson, I-"
"Yeah?"
"Oh, that. Yeah." A few moments passed.
"Still," John started. "It's such a transition."
"I-I love you, Sherlock." The sentence took a lot of effort, it would take time to get accustomed to it. Well, if he even would want to get accustomed to it. "But there's no way this is going to be that easy."
"John- I'm- I-" Sherlock stuttered. John could see Sherlock's face clearly now. He really was in quite the state. "You- you're fine, just- not now."
"Right," John nodded. "Just one more question then." Sherlock raised his head. "What did you really, truly say at my bed, at the hospital?"
"..."
A sniff, and then a shutter of breaths. "Yes?"
"You don't have to say anything, not if you don't want to," Sherlock said softly. Sherlock wanted to pull his head closer, but decided against it.
"What things?" Sherlock interrupted. He stood towering over him.
"Sherlock... do you..."
"Morning."
John moved his mouth to one side. "Your wedding speech. What're you quoting it for?"
John didn't hesitate, but he felt his heart jump."For me Sherlock, do it once more for me."
That's it. Hope y'all enjoyed, or at least took out the sourness left in your mouth from the finale.
He saved him. Or, he was there at least. And in an awful state. Was that Sherlock? It had to be, he remembered his form, his voice, but he didn't act like Sherlock Holmes. He was most likely dying in that moment, but that wouldn't affect Sherlock, would it? Who was he lying to, of course it would. He wasn't a sociopath. He accepted the title of best friend, he'd shown his humanity many times before. John couldn't put that on him any longer. There was a knock at the door.
"Numbers don't matter. Statistics, all the rubbish. When I look at you John, I think I could defy the odds a little bit."
John cut him off with a laugh. "Really? Seriously? Your little.. spiel from the tarmac?" The laughter was somewhat nervous, it's fuel being John's anticipation.
"No. I- I'll- I'm going to try."
"So, what was my offer?"
Sherlock was silent for a moment. "John, I said what you heard."
"Oh. OH." John moved his mouth to one corner. "I don't- I dunno. Boyfriends? It sounds so regular- so... ordinary."
"Of course, Sherlock. Of course. But we shouldn't hide forever. I don't care what people will think, and I accept that I might be in danger." John's voice slightly faltered. "Am. Regardless, I'm willing to risk it."
"I'll survive."
"You weren't, John. You're smart." John laughed. "You knew."
"Oh," Sherlock moved his head and pecked John's cheek. "Good?"
John found this response as rather.. soft. It wasn't expected, but his apperance at his bedside wasn't either.
"It's- it's Mary, Sherlock." John sighed, frustrated. "She-" He turned around, facing Sherlock. "I dunno, she just-"
Sherlock wanted to say something, to prove himself, but he would do what John wanted, and right now that was nothing.
"Is it fine, and feel free to decline, if I rest my head on your shoulder?"
"Mm. Sleep'd be good." Sherlock sat for a moment, knowing what to say, but not how to say it, or if he should say it at all. He took a breath.
"Wait for me to clean up my face at the very least."
John only took a moment. "I want to raise Rosie. Here, in 221b. Together." He moved his head back and looked at Sherlock. "What do you think?"
John bit his lip, a bit irritated now. "You done? You gonna tell me about last night now?"
"Here, I'll show you. Is that alright?"
"Do I? John, I'm welcome to your concern but I. Am. Not. Using. If you must know, I found something else to do while I waiting all those weeks."
"Tell me Sherlock or I'll punch the lights out of you."
"Alright," Sherlock sat at the bed, setting the tea down on the floor. It was completely silent as he cupped John's face in his hands and pushed his lips into his own. Sherlock had no idea how to kiss, as if that even mattered. John's eyes were wide open, but he let them close after a few seconds. He opened his mouth slightly and bit lightly on Sherlock's lower lip. He did so without thinking, and when he realized he had done it, he was pleased that Sherlock did not pull away. John lightly grabbed onto Sherlock's neck and pulled him back with him, until Sherlock's waist made contact with John's under the sheets. Sherlock put both of his palms next to John's shoulders and pulled away. "Morning, love." He smiled so wide, John saw crinkles.
"I love you."
“Sorry.” John mumbles, turning on his side, brushing a wayward curl out of Sherlock's reddened face.
“Sherlock, what the hell!” John exclaims, pushing Sherlock's hand away, stopping the stupid git from violating his rectum any further. The fountain pen falls to the floor.
I know I should have. I know I should let go. I know I should accept that you are gone and get on with my life. Just, there is no joy for me in a world without you in it. You were my light, my fate, my home. You saved me. You gave me purpose, meaning. Without you I feel... nothing.
“Unnecessary. I doubt those two men in the film had feelings for each other.” Sherlock makes it sound like something he wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole – and that says something.
“It's about the husband. He was found murdered on a bridge at Hampstead Heath. Shot in the head. The PA has been arrested... a young man called... Sean Dunbar. Oh, these are deep waters, John!” Sherlock mumbles as he carelessly drops the paper to the floor and returns to his laptop on the desk.
But John just shrugs. “It was worth a try.”
“Getting you into position.”
They've been here since Hansom cabs drove on the streets and messenger boys ran up the stairs, and now are still occupying this place in the times of mobile phones, the internet and cars. What they must think of the changes they've witnessed, Martha wonders? Well, somehow, she's sure they are intrigued and fascinated by it. Yet there's also a touch of sorrow surrounding them. They were never allowed to hold hands on the streets or even call each other by their Christian names in public. Instead, they had to hide in the shadows and whisper of their love only in the save darkness behind bolted doors.
He'd be a good boy.
Yours forever
They can talk in the morning. They have to talk in the morning. About consent and what stop means, about how they both feel (John imagines he'll do most of the talking on that point, while Sherlock will contribute little else than expressive eye-rolling). He's faintly curious how they will both acknowledge this new stage of their relationship.
John stares at the man crouching above him, speechless. His eyes are gleaming with fond mirth, and there's some colour fawning over his cheeks that doesn't result from their ferocious coupling.
John takes Sherlock to Angelo’s a few times where they both eat Risotto or Pasta, making sure that Sherlock dresses appropriately for these occasions. Afterwards, they watch crap telly together and John asks Sherlock’s opinion of the talk show guests; Sherlock can’t always be coaxed into deducing their dirty little secrets but sometimes he gives in just to humour John.
“What I told you,” Sherlock hesitates before continuing, “does it change what you... think of me?” Sherlock seems a bit at a loss, a very rare condition at 221b.
“Is that your erection?”
“How's the game?” John asks. He's not really into football but he knows Greg is and he wants to make up for being late.
To steady himself, Sherlock grabs the headboard with his left hand before pushing his right into his pants. A few deft strokes and he is panting, his chest heaving, his thighs trembling. He stops just long enough to pull his boxers down, and as his cock springs free John can't help himself, he groans, deep and guttural.
Sherlock only sighs; it's not a passionate expression but rather fuelled by exasperation. “You want to go even slower?” he asks sardonically but then he gets a bit breathless as John continues to pay attention to his nipple, by now a hard nub of rosy pink flesh.
“Chest? Not breasts?” William wonders. “Are those dated?”
“How dare you call me sick and perverted? I'm not the one rubbing one out in my dark, solitary bedroom, fantasising about my flatmate. Have you seriously thought I'd miss how you ogle me when you think I'm not aware? Believe me, when I say to you that I am absolutely not interested, as I'm sure I made clear before. And even if I'd engage in such activities, you'd be the very last person I'd consider sharing my bed and body with. To be honest, if I hadn't been in such desperate need for a flatshare, I wouldn't have put up with you in the first place. What do you think you have to offer? You, a conventional, average, middle-aged invalid with anger issues?” Sherlock's voice has gone from mockingly contemptuous to pure vitriol in the course of his little speech, and he spits the last words out like something foul lingering on his tongue. A pounding vein stands out prominently on his forehead.
“Hello?”
“But not like that. Turn around.” Sherlock snaps. John is sure he's rolling his eyes.
“Sherlock, please, you are totally pissed. Let me help you before you throttle yourself.”
I'm writing this sitting in a bunker while my people bomb this town again. Everyone thinks I'm writing to my sweetheart (
John has to clear his throat. “To do this... to you?”
John's favourite spot is a stretch by the Thames down at Chiswick, where he can almost imagine how London must have looked one hundred years ago. It feels like travelling back in time to a more peaceful era, as if one suddenly had left the busy metropolis behind and landed in a tranquil English village instead. There's a row of old pubs ,by the waterside, and at the end of their long walks they often sit in front of them – watching the tide of the river ebb and flow as the sun either rises or sets, gazing out over the water, relishing the quiet atmosphere.
“We both know you have a rather … affluent … inclination towards substance abuse...” John trails off but his eyes never leave Sherlock’s face.
He played Mendelssohn until he was sure that John had fallen asleep, then made a phone call.
At this praise, William all too willingly spreads those aforementioned legs wide and lets John push his own gorgeous cock between them.
Gibson seems oblivious to it. “I honestly don't know. We were not on speaking terms anymore. He lived in my house but I ignored him as best as I could. I'd offered him a separation, granting him lavish alimony, but he wouldn't accept it.”
John makes a noncommittal noise.
“The right
“Oh, god.” John groans. “You mean, some poor bugger might have listened in?” John sinks down onto a kitchen chair, holding his head in his hands.
John swallows, then nods curtly. Without drying his hands, he reaches for Sherlock, gets hold of his face and kisses him, sweet and undemanding and oh-so-reassuring.
Walter mentioned something he called
John hears the front door slam shut, but instead of the expected familiar noise of 6ft plus consulting detective dashing up the stairs, there's just … silence. Silence that stretches. Was it Mrs. Hudson, after all? But her Bingo night is Thursday, and today is Wednesday, John's sure of that. There are not many things in his life that he's sure of lately, but he can still distinguish certain weekdays: Thursday's Bingo, Friday's surgery, on Monday he sees his therapist. Of course, Sherlock is not to be expected to keep track of such common issues.
“What did you tell him?” Sherlock asks his brother as he lowers John's letter into his lap with shaking fingers. His eyes are suspiciously shiny. Mycroft sincerely hopes his little brother won't start crying. There’s only so much one can deal with at one in the morning.
John grins back at him. “I know, silly alias. Borrowed it from one of my favourite movies. You can call me Hamish.”
“Get away from me!” he spits. His face must be contorted in fury and disgust, for Greg takes a step back and raises both his hands.
“Don't you think you should contact her and tell her, warn her?” John asks after a moment, sounding uneasy.
----------
John lies close to Sherlock, his head on the taller man's shoulder – there's just not enough room in this bed to keep one's distance, even if he'd wanted to – when Sherlock asks somewhat shyly: “As for penetration...?”
His heel start to dig in the small of Sherlock's back as John pulls him closer, eager and needy. The stretch is still unfamiliar and nearly too much but John is getting accustomed to it. His grunts become more and more an expression of pleasure. His face is sweaty, his eyes burn, his body is tense but the intimacy of what they are doing is incredibly arousing.
I hate this war.
“What is it?”
“You sure?”
John glances again at the small cabinet next to Sherlock's bed. “Is it possible that you took something and then fell off the couch high as a kite, hitting your head on the coffee table?”
“One night, another young private and I were send on patrol. When we approached a largely destroyed house, we got under fire. We thought we would die there. When the Germans eventually ceased firing, we just... I don't even think he was especially inclined towards men, but if you'd just been at death's door and back... it might just have been the adrenaline rush. Anyway, it got pretty heated pretty quickly, which led to us being discovered by a search team with our trousers down round our ankles.”
Please, don't think too bad of me.
There are interesting accounts of experiences of gay men in wartime blackout London in Hugh David, On Queer Street, p 146-150. I always wanted to use those anecdotes for a story, and this prompt seemed a good opportunity.
In the end, they shower together before returning to the rumpled sheets. It's getting light outside, the faint hint of dawn visible on the horizon behind New York's famous skyline.
“How would I know?” Sherlock forces a smile. The memory strikes him with bright clarity, unfiltered and, therefore, all the harder. He can smell weed and damp wool; the ground is muddy and slippery beneath his soaked knees. Large hands fiercely cup his head, forcefully tearing, shoving. A groan and then someone laughs, deep and vicious. Sickening fear mixed with repulsion floods Sherlock's system and threatens to choke him. If John only knew how close to home he just hit with his guileless jabbering...
And it seems to work, for John starts to fuck him in earnest now. His hips snap as he nearly folds Sherlock in half, grabbing his calves as he pushes in relentlessly. Sherlock can taste the salt on John's body as he slumps down over him, just before gloriously sharp pain whitens his vision. Their bodies are pressed together, giving Sherlock's hard cock some much needed friction, and when John once more hits his prostate, it pushes him over the edge. Warm wetness spill between them as his hole clamps down on John's cock. Despite the condom, Sherlock can feel John pulse deep inside him as he growls into his neck.
“Yes, Sherlock, I do. Besides, I have two healthy hands and a vivid imagination. If it's ok with you... what we did the other morning, then I think I can cope.” John blushes right up to the tips of his ears.
Luckily, next day brings a rather intriguing case, providing an opportunity.
“What is it? Spit it out?”
“Jesus...” John sighs as he rolls off. Victor winces.
“That seems to be only reasonable.” Sherlock states eventually, his voice calm and rather cold.
“Proud of yourself?” John asks Sherlock's reflection in the mirror.
John makes a point of climbing the stairs first. There’s no way that he will stare at Sherlock's naked, lush arse ascending the steps up to his room. The idea alone is enough to make John's cock stir beneath the towel.
Afterwards, still sweaty and partly covered in come, they continue reading those inspiring letters, sitting side by side on the floor, huddled together under the duvet and leaning back against the bedframe.
I love you with all my heart
Sherlock sighs with pleasure. “God, yes...” His eyes are squeezed shut, his curls a tousled black halo framing his slack face. He looks like a fallen angel, utterly debauched yet pure and innocent at the same time.
I'm still exhausted and tire easily. Today a German patrol came by and wanted to see my papers. Agnieszka bribed them with some honey, and luckily they left. But it's getting dangerous. I might have to leave soon, try to reach one of the larger towns where I might be able to go to ground and connect with the Polish resistance again. I'm homesick, John.
I had to watch Irene again. She visited my cubbyhole afterwards, we had tea and a little chat. It was quite surreal, with her almost naked, and me just in shirtsleeves as well. Now I know where I saw her before. She's an opera singer and was in London for the concert season 1937/38. I heard her in La Traviata at Covent Garden. As Joachim Lenz has also been to London before the war (my legend is that he worked for a shipping company), we quickly found some common ground. She's absolutely ruthless. I'm not sure what to make of her, but I think I like her.
Gibson strokes down Sherlock's coat front, slowly and deliberately. This man is definitely way too tactile for Johns liking.
John ghosts his fingertips over the craters; Sherlock's back is a map of battles lost.
But William gnaws at his thumb, taking his time before answering. “I wasn't... well, back then. I just... didn’t care. Couldn’t care.” He can’t look at John when he makes this confession. His past is still sensitive territory between them, a sore wound they mostly ignore. William sighs before he continues. “And then I forgot.” He folds his hands in his lap to stop himself from biting himself bloody.
“I know.” Sherlock’s voice is velvety deep.
“You just slept three hours straight on the couch!” Sherlock points out to him, looking piqued.
“This isn't a dream, is it?” Sherlock gasps after a while, sitting up and reaching for a glass of water, wincing a little when stretching his sore muscles.
With that, John slips back into the kitchen and returns with a pair of sharp scissors. Sherlock watches, enthralled, as John starts to cut the soiled vest off his torso, splitting the bloodstained fabric up the middle, the silver blade brushing over Sherlock's abdomen and sternum.
“Could you...” Now it's Sherlock's turn to clear his throat. “Would you… consider… staying the night?” There's actually a lovely pink flush spreading on Sherlock's high cheekbones.
But then he remembers John staring at him last night, exposing himself and he's sure that the aggression that had transpired across the room had been charged with subtle sexual undercurrent. John hadn't been sure if he'd wanted to fight him or fuck him, in the end opting for the easy way out.
“As I said before, it's not about the money, Mr Gibson, it's about the challenge.” Sherlock's voice slightly wavers.
Nothing happened. Not to him. A broken body on hard cold soil in a dirty back alley... IT CAN'T. Full stop.
“I'm afraid that's impossible. That's my name.” John grins.
John remembers the young woman seeking advice from Sherlock earlier this week. Something about a strange bloke following her to and from the station on her way to work and back. Hadn't sounded that promising. Who'd known that Sherlock Holmes had a soft spot for damsels in distress ...?
John could just go and ask. He could just walk in on Sherlock, push his hand in his dark hair and pull him into a messy kiss, then straddle him, rubbing his hard cock against Sherlock's, clad in bespoke trousers worth at least half a month's rent. John imagines Sherlock struggling – a bit – but he’s been a soldier, he’s sure he could effectively overpower that lanky (if wiry) boy to yield to his whims. Push him down onto his knees, for example. Oh, and what John could then do to him…
John pushes into him with a grunt. There's no elaborate foreplay, they both just need a wild, raw fuck. Which is what they get.
“Make it a bottle, then.”
John sighs and and gets up. This might be a very bad idea. Or a really good one. Time will tell.
Sherlock looks sceptical.
“My family was against me enlisting. Because of my... deviant disposition, as my father put it. There had been some minor scandals involving me and boys since back at school, resulting in extensive corporal punishment and frequent change of the institutions I was carted off to. Luckily, when I eventually enrolled in Cambridge, no one gave a toss. Those were... very happy times in retrospect.” He falls silent again, the smile on his face turning sad. “My brother became a pencil pusher in Whitehall. That's his way of doing his bid. But I wanted something else, more. I wanted to make a difference, not just sit around studying chemistry while the fascist scum overran Europe and destroyed everything I thought precious and beautiful. So I signed up late in 1939. God, it was so boring. Nothing happened, we were just shouted at and drilled day in day out, somewhere up in Yorkshire.” He looks suddenly grim. “I was so naïve. We were just a bunch of eager kids. I thought war and fighting were something glorious... I got so excited when we eventually were shipped over to France. And then I ended up in Dunkirk, you know. We were all waiting for the evacuation, but it took time. The Germans closed in on us. To their snipers we were easy prey  on the vast beaches. We tried to hide as best we could. Food was short, as was water. We had wounded comrades around us, screaming for their mothers, dying in our arms. It was hell.”
“Of course not.” John agrees, and bows down and presses his lips against Sherlock's.
“Okay then, spread your legs.” Sherlock does, and John pushes one lubed-up finger in right to the third knuckle. Sherlock sucks in a breath. It’s not that he’d never had anything up his arse – he is curious, after all – but he’d thought John would go slower. Well, John probably would, but Hamish White doesn’t. After a few moments, he already adds a second finger.
. We're in this together.” William replies, shuffling back a little to look John square in the face. His skin is blotchy, his eyes are swollen and there’s some snot running from his nose, gathering on his upper lip – but to John he has never been more beautiful. They grin at each other through their teary gaze like two lovesick idiots.
Mycroft shakes his head. “I'm afraid he'll be operating behind enemy lines. No contact will be possible.”
“Why would I need you?” Sherlock inquires lazily, drifting off into blissfully blank oblivion.
“But I have. For you.” John blurts out, paling now – with anger. “Therefore, I won't just insert part A into orifice B – as you so colourful put it. Good night, Sherlock!”
But John wants it! Can't he just try and give his friend what he so clearly desires? He'd been shown what he might have to expect if he won't cooperate. That coffee woman he'd effectively fought off, but there will undoubtedly be others. For all he knew, John just hooked up with a random fling last night!
“Would you like to hear more? I bet you do. At uni, I experimented. It was interesting. I realised I preferred practices that offered release without too much physical contact. The emphasis on technical elements made sure that only a small amount of intimacy was required. The sex followed precisely negotiated rules, at least most of the time. I could tell you about it in detail if you like.”
John looks at him questioningly. “How so?”
“Sorry, what?”
“I estimate both your deployments to last six months.” Mycroft says smoothly.
“It was the least I could do for... His name was Carl. He was so much braver than I was. He got away.” Sherlock’s whisper is barely audible. “I didn't.” He's white as a sheet.
But Sherlock interrupts the millionaire with an annoyed sigh. “I assure you that is entirely unnecessary. People lie, facts don't. Good day Mr Gibson, I'll contact you as soon as I have some news.”
He has slid into bed and switched off the lights when he hears soft footsteps on the stairs. Then the floor boards in front of his bedroom door creak; there's a tentative knock.
“PISS.OFF! This is none of your business!” Sherlock closes his eyes, forcefully willing John to leave his thoughts.
“Ok. Perhaps some other time, then?”
“That's barbaric. You should choose a Fia Nobile Frappato or a Cerasuolo di Vittoria instead.”
This had all been a huge mistake. How could he ever have allowed himself to indulge in such a trivial if nonetheless dangerously addictive pastime as amorous encounters? He was skating on very thin ice here. He had nothing to offer that could possibly attract John. Instead, he'd probably already ruined their friendship beyond repair. How could John look him in the eye and call him his friend after what had happened between them?
“Huhu, boys, are you decent?” Mrs Hudson chirps from the stairs.
Almost as if on cue, the wail of an ambulance cut into the roaring flames and the scorching heat. The blaring vehicle rounded the corner, several police cars following suit. Someone jumped out of the car and ran to Lestrade, asking him questions. But John wasn't listening.
"Yes, aye, he was a short bloke, yes..." He took a swig of his beer as if he had all the time in the world - which, of course, when Sherlock was involved, he did not. "He had nearly ten pints under his belt, when I told him he oughta stopped. He listened right well, but he was wasted, he was out of it. He left maybe 45 minutes ago, turned left, and he had a nasty limp...." If the bouncer had any more to say, Sherlock didn't hear it.
-Found on Tumblr <3
"Hey, sweethearts, got a room for a third?" His voice like silk, John clenched his fist in his pocket and furrowed his brows. He glanced sharply at Sherlock, who was then fully aware of the situation, but remained silent.
The shorter man's body was tucked deep under Sherlock's arm, nestled into the warmth of both Sherlock and the couch. It took another moment for Sherlock to register the fact that John was lying with him, on the couch, tucked under a blanket.
Molly Hooper swiveled from desk to desk, from laptop to desktop, to notepad to journal, taking notes and scratching out long paragraphs as she studied everything. It was just the kind of morning she enjoyed - easy, quiet, simple. Someone to talk to always sounded nice, but otherwise Molly quite enjoyed her job. Possibly she would have continued swiveling in her chair to each desk, taking notes, if the door did not open behind her.
"Uh, h-hullo, Sherlock. How's-" But Molly could speak no more. Sherlock strolled forward, lifting Molly up from her seat, breathing in her scent, and falling into her with a kiss. While it was quite nice, and Molly's heart began to beat rather fast, she knew what this was. This wasn't
But of course, this was not a usual morning in Baker Street. The boys had not woken after Mrs. Hudson had waited, and she climbed up to John's room. Empty. From there it was rather safe to assume Sherlock, too, would be out - the pair nearly always left the house together. Mrs. Hudson walked back downstairs, knocked a quiet knock on Sherlock's room, and opened it up, assuming the bed would be made and empty and she'd go back to drinking her tea.
Sherlock's green eyes shot wide open, yet he remained still. Immediately the warmth registered - a large, fuzzy blanket had been draped over him... and John.
A long, shrill wolf whistle echoed from behind the pair. John twisted around the see a middle-aged, sharply dressed men, slowly trailing the two.
"N-no... I'm fine, I'm fine, Sherlock, just leave me be..." John hadn't meant to sound harsh at all, really, but to his ears it sounded like a bit of yelling had escaped into his voice. Sherlock, on the other hand, only heard the nervous squeak on his name. Did the whole... couch incident really bother John so much? Or was he the one being weird? Immediately a feeling in his stomach lurch and he felt something pass through him. Something warm.
Turning left, John expects Sherlock to be up, working on some wild experiment with a few nicotine patches in his arm. After shuffling tiredly through the kitchen, John steps back into the main room and realizes Sherlock is not where he ought to be.
About five blocks of walking later, Sherlock arrived back at his flat. He had avoided the questioning eyes of drunken strangers, ignoring late-night city walkers, and kept his eyes either on John's face or straight forward the entire walked home. Sherlock set John half on the ground, half on his arms in order to swing the door shut, and carried him inside.
What time must it be? 11? 12? Early morning already? John did not know, but his eyelids drooped and he let out a sigh. He watching a slideshow of Sherlock play before his eyes, like a tauntingly gorgeous film. Soon enough his eyelids drooped entirely and he was out.
Sherlock looked back up at John - they were partially vacant, and he did not seem to register the mans words fully, but there was something about John that kept his mind firmly in place. He shook his head. "Kind, but untrue - and my hands are not clean, maybe they will never be. But they can still carry you home when you're ready to sleep."
"John!" Sherlock let the wild concern and defense slip into his voice as he sprinted towards the man. With John on the ground, blood slowly trickling out of him, Sherlock managed to aim a hefty kick at the man chin and hand, kicking the knife from his grip. Sherlock gathered his anger into his face, beating every last breath of his stomach until he could not longer breathe and his face was splattered in blood.
He shot off the couch, noting that John must be out as his coat and shoes were both absent, and slid from his pajamas into trousers and a button down. He needed someone. And if he couldn't have... John, and if John wasn't there, Sherlock knew someone who always was.
A deep fire bubbled in the mans eyes. He swung a fast at John, and only then did Sherlock realized John was no longer beside him. He turned back to see the man miss his punch, but aim a hefty blow at John's shin, letting him stumble slightly. A nasty grin plastered on his face he aimed another blow at John - this time piercing his left shoulder. Letting out a strangled cry, John stood, tackling the now-cackling man, swinging heavy fists at him.
Sherlock felt his heart twist in pain. Was he really so upset? So.... in love? The idea of emotions inside of Sherlock, the consulting detective, made him grit his teeth. Focus. Get John home... Sherlock felt his arm slip under John's shoulder and the other his knee. John was slightly heavier than Sherlock had been expecting, but he didn't care. He felt wetness on his face and didn't even both thinking it was sweat. It was a tear.
"Look, Sherlock, I'm sorry, I dunno, I was tired, can we please just not talk about th-" John's words were interrupted as Sherlock swung the door forward with a pale hand, catching John Watson off guard. He would have said something with his shaky words and stuttering lips if Sherlock's had not been pressed against his. And thought at first John's eyes widened in shock, something closed them, and they would have stood there for hours if a voice hadn't called from up the steps.
For a brief moment, panic shook John's body. This caused Sherlock's arm to pull him closer, now so close John could feel Sherlock's chin on his head. The moment was over quite quickly, though, for a warm sort of reassurance passed through him like honey. It felt... right. And though his head was pounding quite badly, and his thoughts were foggy, he realized for a moment something quite peculiar. He was wrapped up, in bed, with Sherlock Holmes, and he felt no guilt, nor panic, nor regret. All he felt was love.
"Aye, lad, I think you've had enough..." The bouncer slid the few pounds on the counter back to John, who's mind reeled about in every direction.
Sherlock? But of course, Sherlock was not his. He would never understand emotions - especially not John's. Especially not when it came to love. John's insides twisted at the word and his pulse quickened. He couldn't read the expression on Sherlock's face, but it wasn't regret, John could tell.
"Where do you wanna go, Sherlock? We could go get a pint, if, ya know, you're up for it...?" A mere hour before the two had added another crime to their list of solved murders, this one being particularly easy, dealing with an amateur who had left evidence lying around the house. It wasn't the kind of case the pair would normally pride themselves on solving, but Sherlock had felt like taking a long walk home instead of fetching a cabby.
Possibly they would have stood there for longer if the door to the side had not opened and a mug had not crashed to the floor. Out spilled tea on the white linoleum, and the man who stood there let his mouth drop open. It was John.
Something Sherlock Holmes had only felt for family. Is that what John was then? Family? Either way, Sherlock did not want to leave his side. Not now, not ever again. Sherlock slid John onto his own bed, burying him in the Sherlock-scented comforter. Sherlock slid onto the bed, above the blankets, a moment later, not sure if this was wrong or right or whether he want to sleep or watch over John forever.
John's ears rang and he clenched his fists tight in pain. No pain in the foot, leg, ankle, slight tremor in the left hand, burning in the shoulder - normal enough. But the building before him was up in flames, the windows had shattered, and the walls were crumbling under the weight of the blast.
"It'd be a bit not good," John finished for him, trying to bring the clearly over-calculating Sherlock back to the present. By that time John's head was completely wet with rain, and he could feel his jumper beginning to soak down to the skin. Sherlock seemed quite a bit less intimidating at that moment. He was still just slightly disheveled from the running and his hair was beginning to grow limp from the weight of the rain. The alley was growing dark alongside the sky, vision becoming far more rain than light.
He muttered something intelligent alone the lines of, 'Fuck off' and slunk back into an alleyway to lick his wounds. Rage burned near to the surface and he grit his teeth in an ugly snarl at the alleyway. He almost completely forgot about John before he let out another moan.
"I...I... I've got to go..." John swiveled around, leaving the dropped mug to Sherlock and Molly - the latter of which had not stepped back to face Sherlock with brave eyes.
Baker Street was an immensely quiet place - Mrs. Hudson was likely asleep in her room. Sherlock heaved himself up the steps, John in his arms. No matter the strain on his hand, Sherlock felt nothing but passion.
"Aw, big guy, I say we ditch the ferret and head back to my place... whatcha think?" John grit his teeth and muttered obsenities that sounded something like, 'Piss off...' under his breath. Though the insult was mild, inside John was infuriated.
Normally, John had his mind trained to block out such thoughts, to deny anything of the sort. But with nearly ten pints swishing around inside of him, John was so completely wasted all he could see before him was Sherlock. Always Sherlock...
The taller of the two looked back at the alley from which they had entered. His ears were straining against the increased chatter of the rain falling about him and he breathed out slowly, desperate for just a flicker of noise in the white silence.
John glanced back at Lestrade, who took a step back, frightened. There was a fierce fire, stronger than the one raging on in the building, in John's eyes. He was desperate. For an answer.
"Shame," John commented, eyes expectant of a frustrated outburst from his consulting detective. But Sherlock's mind seemed to be elsewhere, and he glanced back at the alleyway with a sigh.
He paced the room as worriedly as he could, with a limp. This was not good. Very, very, very, not good. John felt sweat breaking out on his forehead. Had he really just slept on the couch with Sherlock Holmes? Under a
Sherlock swallowed, and Molly stepped away nervously. Emotions bubbled very near to the surface inside of John - what was Molly doing with
(See the end of the chapter for
Normally, Sherlock would not have checked the alleyway on his left, but under the circumstances of John's drunkenness he took the chance anyway. Sure enough, a few feet into the darkness, Sherlock's eyes caught a short pair of legs sticking at from behind a trash can. He strode forward, kneeling down at John's side. It was John - and he was out, in his drunken sleep. How would they get home? Sherlock grappled his pocket for a phone, but found none. Had he really forgot everything?
Sprinting out of the bar, Sherlock turned left, glancing around the silent street. Nothing but a few rundown houses, an alleyway to his left, and a shabby diner across the street. Somewhere in London, John was walking around, completely drunk. Could he have walked all the way back to the flat? Sherlock had run on foot, checking every bar he could find starting at Baker Street. He hadn't brought any money for a cab and, frankly, his mind was too preoccupied with the though of John to notice.
Instead of dawdling over some pointless test, or even sleeping in his own bed, his pale, slender body is curled up, much like a cat, on the left side corner of the couch. While his eyes sag slightly, the look of tiredness on his face can't even be noticed, for he looks so... peaceful. John looks at him in wonder. Since when did Sherlock, the one and only pompous consulting detective, sleep? Let alone take cat naps on the couch?
"Sherlock, dear god, please... never leave again... don't... die..." He sucked in a breath, choking on Sherlock's scent. "Please, please, please, promise..." Sherlock stared down at John, a sentiment creeping into his heart. Caring? Sherlock did not
The London sky turned from a pale, yellowish grey to a bluer, darker one. The clouds tossed about like the sea, upturned coats filling city blocks and umbrellas popping up here and there as the rain began to fall, pittering and pattering along the pavement. These reactions were automatic, a drop of rain equating to no hurry or alarm, merely another symptom of living in the slated grey cities with thousands of other people who were on the exact same page.
Was he out of his blasted
"I do mean it John," Though his tone always seemed to ooze with contempt, eyes spilling with boredom - even in the growing darkness John could see trouble brewing in Sherlock's furrowed eyebrows. "I am sorry. You know my history. It has never exactly been pretty, glamorous only in the specs of it spent in Mycroft's office - but that is besides the point." He stiffed slightly, straightening his back. Sherlock's eyes wandered awkwardly away from John's eyes, and he bent to look at his shoes with an awkward grunt. "I have seen you injured before. Half the time - well, I suppose our cases never leave us unharmed. I am not too keen to lose you, John Watson-"
A line, someplace deep inside John, snapped. He wheeled around, the man so close now he only needed to take two steps closer to reach him. He aimed a fist at the man's face and
"Stocky man? Sandy hair? Likely walking with a link?" Sherlock's patience was quickly running thin. "
The man fired back, kneeing John several times in the groin, punching him a few times in the jugular.
Sherlock leaned back slightly, looking down at the alley floor for a moment. He bent down swiftly, picking up his now tattered blue scarf from where it had fallen.
Sighing a bit, John simply stood, partway between the parlour and the kitchen. What was there to do now? Go to bed? He closed the windows, shut the blinds, blocking the moonlight that had touched Sherlock's pale face so perfectly. He tramped down the steps, his mind growing foggier and foggier as each foot fell down on wood. He locked the front door, made sure he could hear Mrs. Hudson's light snoring, and sighed again. Things were alright on Baker Street. Things were just fine.
So there they were - one short, and one tall, walking down the autumn sidewalk, the night sky completely demolished by the clouds. Possibly the two would have arrived home and slept in their beds in silence if Sherlock had not turned abruptly right, turning down a more run-down street with a few cruddy bars.
She turned around, prepared to see Lestrade or John or even Anderson stroll in but it was Sherlock. He peered down at Molly, his eyes wild with something Molly could only pin down as desperation.
The second man seemed somewhat accustomed to being pinned up against walls, and though he furrowed his tawny eyebrows in frustration, there was no true discomfort there. If anything, despite his racing heart and flickering gaze, he could quite appreciate the warmth.
"Well," John cleared his throat roughly, his breath slowly coming back to him, adrenaline high from the chase subsiding quickly. He was starting to notice how close he and Sherlock were standing... and also that Sherlock was staring at him - once again, quite - expectantly. "Right. Well - can't count on everything, right? We're both fine. And you know I could use a good run once in a while."
A short case fic that reveals strong feelings between Sherlock and John. Specifically John. Post Reichanbach, but they've made up already.
John blushed at the thought, and silently willed Sherlock to walk faster. He did.
"Why don't you wanna play nice? I'm being nice. You're being a nasty twat." John let out a shaky breath and urged himself to keep walking. Don't turn around. Just stare straight forward. Did he have his gun on him? Somehow shooting him, though, didn't seem like an answer... John tucked his thumb in his fist.
This time, however, she opened to something she had not been expecting. Sherlock was wrapped up quite well in a mound of blankets, with John right beside him. They were both facing the opposing wall, and John was tucked sweetly under Sherlock's defensive arm. Both of their breathing was long and sleepy and quiet, and it was safe for Mrs. Hudson to assume that they were both still asleep.
It didn't work that way. Nevertheless, Sherlock could hear the guilt in his voice when he next spoke.
"Are you... alright?" His voice seemed to shatter the silence - like a gunshot. John jumped, shot Sherlock a look that was mixed purely be fear, guilt, and embarrassment. He shot of towards his room, limping until he was able to slam the door behind him, leaving Sherlock alone with his thoughts.
Trying to be as gentle as possible he rolled over so he could bury his head into Sherlock's chest, still under Sherlock's chin no doubt. Whether or not the detective was awake or not, John cared not. All he wanted was for the moment to last another thousand years, before the panic settled in for real.
His mind played out a sequence in which he vanquished whatever enemy was attempting to slay Sherlock, and the gratitude from the consulting detective. Soon enough, his eyes began to close and each sequence in his head played like a foggy dream. Eventually John lay on the couch, snuggled into Sherlock's chest, their blanket draped over them. Sometime later, when John was deep into slumber, Sherlocks arm draped over his side, shielding him from anything but Sherlock's touch.
Lestrade bit his lip as John moved, faster now, towards him. "Greg,
"John!" He called, attempting to get to his feet. "Get back, I'm calling the Yard!" Still John moved to the front door of the building, reaching for the ash covered door. The doorknob singed John's hand, and he recoiled in fear.
"John." The voice was too gentle to belong to Sherlock - yet it did. "John, at least come out and talk. It's really alright." Simultaneously, both Sherlock and John felt something shift inside of them. Something that brought up a picture of one another, something that made their heart beat a bit faster. Something that made John Watson feel so nervous yet uncharacteristically giddy that he limped over to the door, opening it up a few inches.
going to try and get Sherlock?
"Why, Sherlock?" She whispered. "Why do you do this? Toy with him like that? Don't you see? Aren't you able to read emotions? Can't you tell that he - that I, that all of us - we all care for you? Don't you know that you're supposed to care back?" She swallowed, trying to calm her shaking and remain stable. "It's not like you don't care for him, too. I can see the way you look at him. The way your eyes crinkle when you smile at him. I can feel feel your pulse right now - you love him, Sherlock. And you just... break him into pieces like this!" Molly's voice caught, and she sat back down in her chair, turning away from Sherlock. Molly Hooper stared determinedly forward until she heard Sherlock whisk out the door.
Turning his head slightly, John saw the sleeping Sherlock's arm stretch to his. If his shoulder had not been burning so badly and and his side not been throbbing faster and louder than his heartbeat he might have brought it to his lips to kiss it.
The knock on the door seemed to confirm his suspicions.
The bartender squinted at Sherlock, and immediately recognition crossed his face.
Leaves fell like ripped paper, leaving the damp bark they once called their home behind. A large, black, dress-shoe crushed a few underfoot, but the tall man wearing them cared not - his eyes were straight forward and his mind was eons away.
John looked up at Sherlock, his expression not changing once. Was it anger? Sherlock couldn't quite put his finger on it. Yet John stood, clutching Sherlock's arm like a lifeline. All of a sudden he leapt at Sherlock, sealing the consulting detective in a tight embrace.
Sherlock's mind slowly drifted in and out of sleep. He pictured himself standing at his kitchen table, finishing up his experiment on the digestive track of mice, disecting the simple creatures. He imagined John walking up, and burrying himself deep in his chest...
John stumbles inside, his foot catching on each step as he enters 221b Baker Street. Dark shadows line the bottom of his eyes and he's thinking a thousand jumbled thoughts at once as he ascends to the main floor, stepping into the parlor.
"I don't think they've come this far," The shorter one breathed out in a whisper. The rain was picking up now, enough to mask most of the mans words to the average ear. But Sherlock Holmes was no average man.
The smaller pair of ruddy sneakers that walked alongside, though, could not stop sneaking glances at the man in the dress shoes. He black hair sat perfectly on his head and, in the late night air, his breath came out in perfect wisps. His mind was eons away, but focused on other, more human things.
An hour or so later, Sherlock's mind chose sleep after a hectic night. Another hour of slumber and Sherlock was cocooned in the blanket, with John's chest pressed up against his own. The last thing Sherlock could remember thinking - or doing, more like - was planting a light kiss onto John's lips, and John kissing right back.
A moment later, a shorter form came running from behind Lestrade. John came to a stop, hands on his knees, his breath coming in raggedy gasps. He looked up at Lestrade, who looked down at him, panicked.
And then in a flash, like lightning, two pairs of footsteps running at the exact same pace. First glances would cause confusion, a second glance - if possible - excitement. But this alley was as abandoned as could be and it lead to the disappointing face of a brick wall.
Blood rushed up to John's ears, and he shaped his hand into a fist. Why did Sherlock constantly call him out on such things? John shook his head. He knew Sherlock far too well to start interrogating his movements.
Not wanting to go into such places, John quickened his pace slightly. "Nevermind, I'm getting tired. I say we make straight for home..." Sherlock absentmindedly listened to John's voice, like a pillow - warm and familiar, creating a comfortable buzz in the background. It wasn't until a shrill sound pierced the night that John stopped speaking.
Could it be that John had purposely placed himself where he was? Did Sherlock even remember falling asleep - as he so rarely did - on the plush couch? And yet, a vague memory pushed itself to the front of his mind - he had been working on a single experiment, something about rats, for two days straight without sleep. It was hardly surprising he found himself deep in slumber on the couch... but with John?
unch!
"Sherlock!" John stumbled to his feet, clutching at his shoulder, limping as quick as he could towards the building. Lestrade lay on the pavement, trying to catch his breath after hitting his head on the ground.
Almost instantly did coursing pain drive from John's shoulder to his leg. He fell down on one knee, balling his hands into fists and clenching his teeth. Now Sherlock was slightly alarmed. He sat up, his eyebrows furrowed.
"John!" Sherlock's voice warned. "Just let it go!" Sherlock couldn't help it - he was tired and bored and wanted to go home and didn't give rubbish about people cat-calling him on the streets. John turned to glare at him for a fraction of a second. In that ounce of time alone, the slick-haired man reached into his pocket, unsheathing a small pocket knife. He dug it into John's side twice, ignoring his strangled yells. He had the change to drive it into his shoulder once before Sherlock realized what was happening.
"John, do I have something on my face or is their a reason you keep glancing at me?" The tall man's lips were perfectly stiff, and his words weren't accusatory or venemous - simply
His mind replaced the words as they had been trained to, and Sherlock was ready to play along. What was he thinking? His heart was aching wildly and all Sherlock could think about was....
Sherlock's mind was unusually murky. Alcohol consumption? Likely, but not the answer. It wasn't so much that he felt tired, it was more that he felt... right. Warm. Like he was on top of the world. Looking down and seeing that John had turned over to nestle into his chest, Sherlock knew that he was.
John blinked.
"Christ, John, watcha have to go do that for... John? John!" The world around John Watson faded to black, and faintly his ears picked up the sound of buttons on a cell phone.
In John's mind, foggy images of the previous night danced before his eyes. Seeing Sherlock kiss Molly and end it with an evil grin shook John's entire body, and Sherlocks arm drew tighter over his body. It was then, when he felt the tug of someone elses arm around his, did he open his eyes. Maybe he was missing a piece from the night. Had he met a girl? And yet, when his eyes did open, the room looked quite familiar to him. It looked a lot like... John could practically hear a pin drop when he realized it was Sherlock's room. Maybe he had brought a girl home and picked the wrong room?
Too tired to think any longer, John takes his coat off and slides his shoes from his aching feet. It had been a long day, of many rubbish appointments and awkward patients and... John shuddered, realizing he'd just have to go back tomorrow. Squinting back at the kitchen clock, John realized how late it really was - nearly four in the morning. No wonder Sherlock was asleep.
Almost as if he had heard Sherlock think his name, John found his eyes open. Having facing the opposite direction of Sherlock's face, John was not yet aware the consulting sociopath was awake - let alone baffled, but otherwise fine with, the awkward predicament.
