“We’d better go,” Sherlock continued. “See if the violin works.” He made for the door, but stopped when John didn’t move with him. “John? Coming?”
Sherlock shrugs, though his cheeks hold a reddish tint. “She’s a remarkable girl. It’s easy to care for her.”
He’s hopelessly in love with John.
“They’re great,” John lied, trying to sound upbeat. Worrying Molly or dragging her into his messes were the last things he wanted to do.
“Only if you promise it’s lunch and nothing else,” Sherlock said. “No going for a walk after or anything.”
John raised an eyebrow. “It doesn’t sound fine.”
John licked his lips. Then he looked at Rosie.
help –”
This is the life John wants. A mixture of domesticity (courtesy of Penny) and excitement (courtesy of Sherlock). That’s exactly what they are, John realizes. The two people he loves most in the world symbolize two different lives, two lives that when combined result in something that John wants so badly, something mind-numbingly beautiful.
“So,” John said, breaking him out of his thoughts. “Are we really going to the park? Because if we go, I don’t want to hear a single complaint from you.”
John managed a small smile back. Despite knowing Molly for several years, he honestly couldn’t say they had truly become close friends until recently. The occasional conversation while Sherlock banged around in the labs at Bart’s didn’t really make for a strong friendship. However, after Rosie had been born and Molly had been made co-godmother, she’d been over a lot more, especially once Mary had passed. John honestly didn’t know what state he would be in without her. And in talking to her, he’d begun to realize there was so much he didn’t know about her, which just wasn’t fair.
“I’ve never told anyone about Victor,” said Sherlock. He paused and tilted his head. “I’ve never had anyone
“It was.”
His tea had gotten cold long ago, but he had no desire to make a new cup. The television was on to a dull soap opera. He wasn’t watching it; he only wanted the background noise.
“How did Sherlock react?”
“Nothing,” replied Molly, and Sherlock could have sworn she almost seemed disappointed. “I’ll watch over Rosie while you’re gone.”
A hand clamped down on his left bicep, and he felt himself be steadied. He looked up and saw Sherlock standing at his side, concern showing in his eyes.
Because he was afraid his sister was on the other side of the door. He had let his guard down again and ignored the possibility of her coming right for them, and now she could be standing there, waiting to enact her next move.
As the last week of camp approached, John found himself dreading it. Leaving camp meant leaving Sherlock, and there was nothing John wanted less. Sherlock was a fixture in his life now, and John didn’t want to let go.
He decides to invite John over after the case. It’s been too long since the good doctor had stopped by, and Sherlock is afraid he’ll forget what the flat looks like without John. Of course he knows he won’t, but it doesn’t stop him from being scared.
Whereas before, their kisses were heated and urgent, now they’re slow and loving. John feels Sherlock relax, and he brings a hand up to curve loosely around Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock tilts his head down so John doesn’t have to stay on his toes, and John makes a soft noise of approval.
“You could join me,” John said. “If you wanted to.”
A plaintive cry broke the stillness of the house. Sherlock’s heart leapt.
and for God’s sake, Sherlock felt like a teenager. A lovesick teenager. He despised it. Resented it.
“I should’ve asked you to stay earlier,” he said now, seated at the kitchen table. There was an untouched plate of spaghetti in front of him, as well as a rapidly cooling cup of tea. He fidgeted with his sling and was rewarded with a flare of pain.
catching John as he first stumbled out of his room in the morning, with his hair rumpled from sleep and his eyes beautifully bleary.
“Tomorrow should have better weather,” Sherlock said, thumbing through weather reports on his phone. “We could take Rosamund on a walk. Perhaps visit the park again.”
“You’re not in trouble, Sherlock. I’m not going to yell at you or forbid you from ever taking Rosie out again. It’s okay. Really. You can relax.”
The words wouldn’t stop echoing in his mind.
There’s only one thing to do. He doesn’t think. He just moves.
“Oh, this one’s my favorite,” John had said when a portly man stepped up to the microphone. Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“If she was older, I’d say she’s menstruating.”
He missed Sherlock. He already knew this, it had been stated hundreds of times, but it didn’t stop being true. Sherlock was such a big part of his life that everything felt sideways without him. Like he kept things normal just by being around, which was ironic because nothing about Sherlock was normal.
At the top of the stairs, he and Sherlock both hesitated. John’s room was down to the left, but Sherlock’s guest room was on the right. John looked at Sherlock. His eyes were flitting uncertainly between the two doors.
He wanted to say thank you, to say that the last time he had been given a real birthday cake (or cupcake, in this case) was when he was a teenager, to say that this meant the world to him. All he could say, however, was, “John…”
“I noticed you weren’t at breakfast,” John said. “And dinner last night. And you left lunch without eating yesterday.”
he told himself.
Things continued to be difficult in the days following. There was no word from Sherlock or Mycroft, no sign as to when (if, John’s brain traitorously reminded him) Sherlock would return home. Each day passed in a blur of monotony and stress. Each night dragged on sleepless hour after sleepless hour.
If Mycroft’s assistant – once named Anthea, now something else – was surprised to see John storm in with Rosie in a carrier against his chest, she didn’t look it. John had to admit this irritated him; just once, he wanted to shock these people. Instead, however, not-Anthea merely stood and led him back to Mycroft’s dark, modern-looking office.
“She couldn’t make it,” he lied. “I offered to come in her place.”
“I know,” he said once he’d swallowed. He hesitated, then spoke quieter than before. “Thank you, Greg.”
Mycroft didn’t argue. He simply nodded. For several long minutes, it was silent in the office, save for Rosie’s soft mumblings.
Sherlock shifted on his feet and winced. “I don’t think you’re an idiot.”
The silence went on for a longer span of time. John could almost imagine the look of disbelief on her face. When Molly finally spoke, she sounded confused.
“Penny normally wakes up at this time,” he says.
It took Sherlock a moment to remember that he never explicitly stated that Mycroft had called him. “How did you know?”
“Sherlock?” he called. He waited for the blessed baritone to reply, but heard nothing. The silence overwhelmed each of his senses as he strained his ears for any sign of movement. He called Sherlock’s name again, and if there was an extra layer of anxiety in it, he couldn’t help it.
Molly had to clutch her book to keep herself from squealing. “Sometimes you just need a woman’s touch.”
John was thinking he really needed to work some things out.
A bright red blush spread across John’s cheeks, and he squirmed under the praise. “Thanks. Er, where can I find him?”
Several rings had passed by the time he located it underneath a pile of papers. A quick look at the caller ID told him it wasn’t John, and his heart sank even lower than before. It wasn’t even a number he recognized. Frowning, he hit “Answer.”
Rosie currently had the album open to a picture of the three of them on her first day of school. Mrs. Hudson had taken it, beaming as the two men knelt down on either side of a bright-eyed, grinning girl. Sherlock remembered tangling his fingers with John’s where they met behind Rosie’s back.
Of course, all of that would be moot if Sherlock didn’t come home.
“Do you remember,” Sherlock said, breaking the silence, “the time when I was arrested by Scotland Yard for my alleged involvement in the kidnapping of two children?”
Instead, he fetched the morning paper and sat down with his now-lukewarm coffee, his gaze occasionally straying to the paper stuck to the fridge.
.) And then he was back at the beginning once more.
It was a job he took quite seriously, if he was being honest.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and worked on unknotting his napkin. “It’s manageable.” He met Lestrade’s gaze. “I’m happy right now. Truly.” He paused, then gave the tiniest shrug. “As much as I can be.”
John’s mind was spinning with questions. He didn’t know which one to ask first. “When was the last time you heard from him?”
When John looked at him next, Sherlock was horrified to see tears in his eyes. “John, please don’t –”
“It was dull and dragged on for too long.”
“I’m not sick,” Sherlock replied, curling his shaky hands into tight fists. “I can go a long time without eating.”
Sherlock scowled. “Not wanting to speak with you.”
what fueled him to start the conversation. He had always been desperate to know.
Then he lingered there and waited to hear Sherlock’s footsteps come upstairs and disappear into the guest room.
“Why didn’t you stay here?” Sherlock’s voice was quiet, almost reverent. Respectful of the past. John wanted to run.
John thought of all the texts he’d exchanged with Eurus, all the late-night messages and hidden smiles. What he’d felt for her wasn’t anywhere close to love, but it had ignited something in him and made him feel like he was in control of
“Nicely done,” Molly murmured.
to you isn’t the John Watson I know.”
“I had to! Otherwise Mummy would take away my microscope, and I had a very important experiment on.”
Sherlock pressed his mouth shut, unable to ignore the happy jolt that ran through his body at those simple words. Tentatively, he reached forward and took John’s hand. John grasped his tightly, like Sherlock was his lifeline.
“He’s straight and often relishes the opportunity to say so.”
The ride back to the Watson house was quiet, but thankfully not awkward. John sat in the back with Rosie in his lap, clearly enjoying being able to hold her properly for the first time in weeks. At stoplights, Sherlock couldn’t resist looking back at them. The fondness in John’s expression was breathtaking.
“Now,” he said seriously. “Miss Watson. It is eight sixteen in the morning. That means it is breakfast time. You are too young to start skipping your morning meals. I myself waited until I was thirteen.”
of yarn into the flat wasn't exactly easy. John let Trent deal with the yarn while he helped Sherlock find a way to limp up the stairs. John knew that the stitches on the back of Sherlock's right calf must be bothering him, so he didn't push or try to hurry him. When the flat was finally in sight, he all but herded Sherlock onto the sofa, giving him a look that dared him to try and get up for any reason other than the loo.
had commented. Just some bloke who went by @CJW197104.
John breathes out for what feels like the first time in ages. His right hand caresses the side of Sherlock's still heaving chest, and with his left hand, he begins to undo the purple silk restraints.
Greg looked as if he had just been told that elephants climbed trees on a regular basis. He grabbed the rest of his pint and downed it in a couple of seconds.
Sherlock huffed out a breath and inhaled the scents of home, John, and everything spectacular. John sighed, and then swallowed hard. He shifted his weight so that he leaned heavily on the first bit of wall that caught him.
Sherlock scoffs in response before apparently deciding that standing still is no longer in fashion. John watches as the detective begins to pace back and forth over the small amount of carpet that exists in the tiny room.
“So, point to me I think?” John giggles, and Sherlock can do nothing but smile back.
They finally make it to the flat, ignoring the hand-written note from Mrs Hudson, taped to the door. It says something about a client stopping by earlier in the night, but Sherlock barely reads it. That’s a problem for tomorrow.
“Out,” John replies, and he is suddenly struck by how right the decision is, even if his heart might actually be shattering. “For the night for now...and for good by the end of the week.”
“Hmm?” John answered, and Sherlock sensed the forced casualness, even in such a short response.
“...so yeah, I have no issue with pursuing something with you seriously, Sherlock...as long as...Sherlock? What’s wrong? You look a little pale…”
John in bat form does not like this plan at all.
Sherlock opens the door with the key and steps inside. The cottage is small, but very well cared for. The furniture is heavy wood carved pieces and the dark maroon velvet curtains appear to be handmade. Sherlock’s eyes flick over to a large painting of a garden on the large section of wall in the sitting room area.
"Don't give him any ideas. I'm still not completely convinced that there isn't a rogue bug in the flat that I missed, and he's listening to everything we're saying." He cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted towards the ceiling. "I'll haunt your kitchen and make sure you never eat another meal in peace again, you fat arse!"
“You arsehole.” He chokes out, but there’s no malice behind it. It’s not Sherlock he’s mad at, and Sherlock's deep rumbling chuckle vibrates at the base of John's throat as he is kissed there over and over again. Familiar hands undo his belt and zipper with a grace that John will never possess, but adores more than he can explain. "Enough talk. Take me to bed."
Sherlock felt the man behind him tense, and the knife was pushed further into his back.
“Welsh clay tiles!” He exclaimed, banging his palm against the table and causing a half-asleep John to jerk awake and almost fall out of his chair.
Their carefully placed lunches were ignored on the table as if they understood that going cold over difficult conversations were always a possibility. Molly’s right hand began to reach over to place it on top of John’s left, but then reconsidered. There was an odd unwarranted intimacy in the act that Molly didn’t want to unpack. So she instead pretended that it was the fork she had been wanting instead, grabbed it tightly, and began to pick at her pasta. "Information about what, exactly?”
A  rush of footfall echoes in  the hallway behind, and before John has time to think, the door is opening, revealing a stress-ridden Sherlock on the other side. John stares for a moment, trying to take it all in. Sherlock’s curls look as if they haven’t been properly styled for days. The cheekbones he adores are even more pronounced. When had Sherlock last eaten?
Even Sherlock Holmes said so (while mistaking him again, it's a quirk of him. Molly Hooper secretly hopes against hope that one far off day when he's free and they can court properly, that Sherlock Holmes will call him by his name: Gregory Lestrade.)
The young woman gave him a look, sparkling with tears. Sherlock Holmes had too little experience with women to understand how harsh his words were.
HOLMES): My dear Holmes —
"You can confirm, Doctor Watson, that my client is in a nervous state. She’s almost hysterical, yet there is an urgent need to discuss the pressing matters calmly.
risen over the years, hard-earned and at great costs, literally. He nods, takes the cake and bids her farewell.
“Hello, John. I just realized… I don’t want to stay longer, but I just wanted to say…”
There was a rumbling, which might be interpreted as yes.
HOLMES —
It is not what he expected, and he claims it is not what he wanted either. The second part is a lie, but Dr John H. Watson is very good at self-denial.
John vows to himself that Sherlock is going to learn his best friend's name.
Sherlock had wanted to examine it all first, but the storyteller gene and natural curiosity of his husband, as well as Rosie's puppy eyes, had won. Soon the Watson-Holmes family gathered together in the living room, in front of the fireplace, tea and biscuits on the table nearby.
“If he didn't want to be accused of bigamy, he had better come to an amicable settlement. The faith of Sherlock Holmes!
(WATSON leaves. HOLMES
“I don’t grant wishes, my arse”, John mumbled, smiling softly.
Jane guilty.
“To be inside you.”
I was more than happy that I had not stumbled over another body, but the question remained: how could a blanket find its way into this remote corner?
Whitehead!Holmes is a TV series, produced by Sheldon Reynolds, which premiered in 1980. Originally, GRANADA produced it for British Television, only to never air it in UK and instead go for the Jeremy Brett as Sherlock Holmes portray. However, on the continent, it remains THE Victorian husbands edition and who has only once watched a second or two of it becomes a fan. In case you're thinking: Whitehead and Reynolds,... I do know those names?!
“Don't look for inane excuses! You are worthless. Ha, if I were a man!”
MORIARTY
"So a porter showed up a few days ago and brought a message from me. It was not the first time that I had used the newspapers to advance an investigation and as I requested the collaboration of the
“Your enthusiasm is charming, Watson," said he, "but I fear I am not cut out for the Yuletide
Holmes' eyebrows rose, and I was sure that one didn't need to be the world's only consulting detective to read my thoughts on the matter in my facial expression. My verdict of Mr Marley was made by now, and I was convinced that no one would challenge it.
She doesn’t need to hear a “Yes” or witness “I do” in the future to know that love has found its way and her part in it. Who knows: maybe she’ll mention to Mrs Turner one day that she, Mrs Hudson, got married ones too?
Originally, John had wanted to go onto his knees to worship him. His cock was magnificent as well as the rest of his body, and John wanted to taste him, to find out for himself if he was hotter than a human. It was curiosity—but it was driven by lust.
I’m an old man now.
Even I, Dr John H. Watson, an eager pupil of his methods and his studied biographer, could never challenge him. Or so I had believed until a curious little case I later penned privately as
Outside 221b, one
written:
“But I don't know a lawyer... except for Master Cavendish…”
“And what does he suspect, Holmes?” I knew he needed an audience, and I had never felt so prominently out of place, as when I acted like this while my companion told me about my very own identity. For the first time in our partnership, I questioned my position. Unknown to me at that point, I would go further still shortly.
"2,000 pounds? That’s a huge sum of money! Why did he keep it in the house?"
Shrugging my shoulders, I opened the letter. The content was as expected, having been reading one similar this morning and one yesterday.
"What will be known, Miss Parker?" I asked gently, grabbing her hand to take the pulse.
"But you told me..."
"I think not, Holmes. It is very warm."
not shake off the feeling that now, a new layer of our relationship
I didn't like it that Holmes was so dangerously close on the windowsill. However, instead of showing my concerns, I turned to Miss Parker. I bathed in her surprise at my partner’s methods. I couldn’t help but smile. It’s amazing: his way of observing and deducing.
MORIARTY: All that I have to say has already crossed your mind.
He busied himself with cutting into a potato. After a while, I said: “I have not seen you today. I presume you were somewhere on business.”
“Cut to the chase. What’s pressing?”
"But he still had to decide to kill Adèle," Stanley said.
WATSON (
Colonel Landsbury
[More knocking.]
When John had presented his findings, quite pleased with himself, Sherlock had tried to look neutral while Rosie had chipped in: "That's so
I'll freely amit that I looooooove it to pieces but in no-way have the brilliance of the creative team behind it; or, my anonymous writer who gifted me a ficlet set in that universe (https://archiveofourown.org/works/16681315) for Holmestice 2018.
In the beginning, I was unsure if it was not a purely selfish thing to drag my Holmes back here. Of course, Sherrington held a special place in both of our hearts as we might have been some fools in love for a very long time but we were not fooled: without the events in Dorset - or how Thomas Hardy would call it "Wessex," I became an admirer of his writing, in particular his poems about The Great War - we had second-guessed our perception of each other until the end.
to have answers first. My body had found its place during the night, but my mind, and in particular, my memories, were still at sea. I needed Holmes as a light tower, to navigate me safely to the shore. Who had I been, here, in Sherrington Hall, all those years ago?
The violin proved to be a success. Sherlock was overjoyed, Rosie was entranced, and John was…
"Then I’m pleased. May I do it again?”
“What’s ridiculous is you not knowing how important you are to her.” He forced himself to look up at Sherlock. Sherlock’s face was unreadable. “She lights up when you walk into the room, she reaches for you when you get close. You give her your complete attention and treat her with the utmost care. I really don’t understand how you find this hard to believe.” He shrugged, being mindful of his injury. “You’re her godfather. You’ll always be important to her.”
Sherlock walked straight out onto the dock and sat down at the end after removing his shoes. Just like their first real day together, John followed suit.
“I can give you my theories,” Sherlock said, trying to tamp down on his enthusiasm for the case. “I can already tell you you’re looking for a woman, not a man like I know you have been. She’s thrown you off by using a knife, not typically a female serial killer’s weapon of choice, which is intentional.”
Sherlock whirled around. John stood in the doorway, his hair rumpled with sleep and his eyes rapidly sharpening. He looked from Rosie to Sherlock, worried.
“Yes?” He tried to be polite for Rosie’s sake, but there was an excellent chance his exasperation already seeped through into that one word. The likelihood of this going well was slim.
John licked his lips. “Sherlock…” he said, and Sherlock could hardly breathe. “I’ve been – well, I’ve been thinking about everything. You, me.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “Us. And I’ve realized something.”
<><><>
“I just meant that I’ll be tending to Watson, since you’re not able to.” He raised an eyebrow. “That’s why I’m here, isn’t it?”
Molly was quiet again. John found himself looking toward the cabinet above the stove, where he’d started keeping his liquor. Having some scotch before 10 AM was probably a bad idea, but damn if it didn’t sound appealing.
“Hm?”
The night before he was to get his sling removed, he could tell Sherlock was trying and failing to stop himself from being sad. It was in the way his face would shutter every time he looked away from John, and in the pained creases by his eyes whenever Rosie reached for him. There was once a time when John wouldn’t have been able to tell what Sherlock was thinking (It had only been a month ago, shockingly), but now he could read him like an open book. It was plain to see: Sherlock didn’t want to leave.
“He looked so… ordinary. I should have thought him boring, but instead I sensed that there was more to him.” Sherlock paused, thoughtful. “He looked at me and didn’t think I was odd. All the other children did, but Victor didn’t. It shocked me. It was enough to make me ask him if he wanted to pet Redbeard.”
The scoff that escaped Sherlock wasn’t supposed to happen, but he couldn’t help it. He was tempted to ignore the tea just to spite John, but still found himself reaching for the cup a second later.
“No,” Sherlock replied. “They normally curse and call me names.”
“John,” he said, quietly and beseechingly. “I promise you I won’t abandon you. I’m going to come back. To do that, I need my mind to be clear, and it won’t be clear if I’m worrying about you or Rosamund. The best way to ensure I won’t worry about either of you is if you both stay here.”
“How do I fix this?” he asked, the desperation slipping into his voice. “What do I do?”
But if there was one thing John should have learned after all these years, it was not to underestimate Molly Hooper.
“Yeah.” John tugged on the strap again. “It’s been three weeks. I should be cleared by my doctor on Wednesday.”
“You need sleep, Sherlock.” John turned and left the room in search of blankets. “You’ve had a recent health crisis, you need to rest so you can feel better.” It took a bit of skillful maneuvering, but he managed to get the things he needed from the hall closet with only one arm. He returned with a stack of folded sheets and blankets balanced on his arm. Sherlock took them with a nod.
“He’s coming back,” he said. “He promised.” It had become a mantra for him, one he repeated countless times every day. It had started to feel stale a few days ago. He was restless and at the end of his rope. There had to be
There was a smacking noise, and John sighed. Sherlock smiled as he hopped down the last few steps and walked into the kitchen. Rosie was sitting in her high chair, her hands repeatedly hitting the little tray attached to it. There was a small jar of applesauce sitting on top. John stood before her, a spoon in his free hand.
"I told Mycroft on the first day that I wouldn’t change, but –” He swallowed. “I don’t want to go back to that. I don’t want to
It didn’t have the same effect on Lestrade, however. He calmly ordered coffee for himself and water for Sherlock. Once the boy left, he looked back at Sherlock with an expectant look.
<><><>
“This,” John said, gesturing around the room. “It was ours. Our home. That’s why I couldn’t stay.”
“Well done, you. You really did a good job there.”
Sherlock woke with a start, his vision and thoughts muddled. It took a few blinks to adjust to the dark, and even then he needed another moment to pull his mind together. He didn’t understand why he was awake, especially since he had been dreaming only seconds before.
The guilt in John’s eyes told him he’d gotten it right. It only hurt him more.
Sherlock glared at him.
“God,” John groaned as Rosie wailed and threw her stuffed dog at the floor. “I thought the problem age was two. Or just every single teenage year.”
"Yeah.
"Because the drugs help me work."
“Shut up. I want to be notified. He would want me to know.”
Sherlock had never realized just how painful ‘what ifs’ could be until he had met John.
"You don’t know that.”
John’s tiny smile blossomed into a wide one, and Sherlock knew he made the right choice, Mycroft be damned. He had loved ones to think of.
“The very private information. What was it?” His voice was undemanding. It was like he was asking about the weather.
“This is for your own good, brother mine.” Sherlock gritted his teeth as his annoyingly omnipresent brother appeared at his side. His fist itched to make contact with Mycroft’s jaw.
John stepped up beside him and started down the sidewalk. Sherlock fell into step with him, shoving his hands deep into his pockets. He was on John’s left side, and his hand was dangling there within reach of Sherlock, and he didn’t want to be tempted. Despite John touching his hand earlier, he wasn’t completely sure of what he was allowed, and he didn’t want to ruin anything.
Glancing over his shoulder as he filled the kettle with water, Sherlock could see Rosie had what he called her John Face on. It was the one she wore when she was being particularly stubborn.
“She’s scared,” Sherlock pointed out needlessly. “A common way to eradicate fears is to explain the reality behind them.”
he thought.
“He definitely hasn’t,” Molly said. She tapped her fingers on the steering wheel. “But I think you’re right.”
John woke with a start, his head snapping around in search of the noise that woke him. When his eyes landed on Sherlock, the panic in them disappeared and was replaced by confusion.
He hoped it would be magical. They both deserved that much.
“Yeah, fine,” John said. He had to have known Sherlock would see right through that, but he made no further effort to convince him. “You?”
The water beneath them rippled as John moved closer, his foot dragging through the clear surface. Sherlock knew exactly where this was headed, and he leaned forward. John’s lips met their intended target, and Sherlock wanted to cry. He didn’t know what to do, how to move, if he should even move, so he remained still. John pressed gently, his mouth soft and warm. He brought his free hand up to Sherlock’s cheek, and Sherlock leaned into the touch.
Sherlock quickly checked over John and was satisfied with what he saw. His right arm was in a sling due to the gunshot wound, but the rest of him seemed healthy. He’d been eating enough and getting as much sleep as one could in a hospital. Of course, he had been suffering from extreme sleep-deprivation before the incident, so he still seemed fairly exhausted. But it was a start.
“No.” Sherlock was vehement. “He’s told off a few people, but he’s never stood up to someone like the
“You’ll see,” she said. “You’ll fix this. You always do.”
“So, you think I’m beautiful?”
“Well,” John said, breaking the silence that had fallen over them. “We’re off.” He strode to the front door and opened it, gesturing for Sherlock to go through. Bowing his head, Sherlock hurried out. He realized far too late that this whole thing meant that he and John were going to be completely alone.
“I cheated on Mary with his sister,” he said bluntly, almost relishing the way the words fell from his lips. He was destroying his image. It felt amazing.
Sherlock tore his gaze from the sidewalk in front of them to give John a condescending look. John scowled at him.
"I’m telling you, I’ve dealt with some really difficult campers, but this one’s in a league of his own.”
“Uncle Sherlock wins again,” John said. The kettle started whistling, and he quickly took it off the stovetop before Rosie could start wailing. She hated that sound, as they learned a few days ago.
That’s what family does.”
"Why?” John always said Rosie got her inquisitive nature from Sherlock. It used to make Sherlock warm inside, the belief that there was a part of him in her. In this instance, however, it was regrettable.
childhood. If anyone would be able to tell John about it, it was him.
“Of course I would, you beautiful idiot. That’s why I said it.” John grins and sets the baby monitor down on the coffee table. He approaches Sherlock and takes his hands. “Because you mean a great deal to me too, and I don’t want to mess this up. So if you need slow, we’ll go slow.”
Without thinking, John said, “I know.” There wasn’t a day that went by now where he didn’t think of Sherlock’s feelings for him. He often wondered if he was being unfair, or if there was something he should be doing. These constant worries always ended with him giving up and carrying on like he always had. But now, in this quiet moment with just the rain and the single lamplight, with just Sherlock, John thought he might have been doing things wrong.
” Sherlock hated repetition, and he usually avoided it at all costs, but in this moment, he couldn’t comprehend what he’d just heard. There had to have been a mistake. John wasn’t – John couldn’t have been – he’d just seen him a few days ago…
, and I
“You want to run to Daddy?” Sherlock asked. He set Rosie on the ground and made sure she was steady on her feet before letting go. John noticed he’d placed her on the grass instead of the pavement, and he felt the warmth in his belly grow.
A cooing noise bubbles up before blossoming into a wail, and the two men separate, looking towards the baby monitor. Upstairs, Penny’s cries grow in urgency. John lets his head fall against Sherlock’s chest.
“You’ve been holding out on me,” he accused Lestrade, eyes narrowing. “How long has the case been on?” John’s eyebrows rose.
Sherlock, who was
Sherlock’s expression could only be described as soft. “You’re welcome.”
Rosie giggled as if she knew something he didn’t. It was mildly infuriating, since he knew there obviously was no way she could. “Fine, don’t help me. I’ll figure it out.”
“He said yes, and by the end of the afternoon Redbeard adored him. And, in a way, so did I.”
“John?”
<><><>
“Go on back to Uncle Sherlock, love.” He didn’t need to tell her twice. The sentence was barely out of his mouth before she was off again, right back to Sherlock. She let out a cry of what John assumed (hoped) was happiness before she threw her arms around his legs. Sherlock looked stunned for a brief moment before scooping her up and settling her against his hip.
“I’m fine.”
“All kinds. Cancer, recovering alcoholics, grieving the loss of a spouse.” He glanced uncertainly at John before focusing back on his shirt. “She got off on other people’s pain.”
He has been aware of this for some time. Since the Irene Adler case, to be exact, but he suspects the feelings had been there for much longer. He has long since accepted that he is bisexual, but it’s rare for him to find a man that he really likes. But when Sherlock waltzed into his life, with his billowing coat and messy curls and high cheekbones, John was a goner.
Sherlock nodded. “I met him when I was six. My mother was desperate for me to find a playmate, so when the Trevors moved in, she all but demanded I go and play.” He wrinkled his nose. “It was rather annoying.”
John sniffed a little. “That’s – this isn’t the same thing.”
not going to change.”
Sherlock flexed his hands in his pockets. “I remember, thank you. Not quite sure I see your point, however.”
he thought.
Once Sherlock had composed himself, Lestrade eyed him thoughtfully and ran his fingers over the stubble on Sherlock’s jaw. “You hate this, don’t you?”
Human emotion had never been Sherlock’s strong suit, but if there was ever a time for him to immerse himself in it, it was this summer. John Watson had made him feel things he’d never known he could feel, and instead of hating it like Sherlock always thought he would, he’d loved it. Basked in it. Wished he could bottle it and bring it with him back home. John was his favorite person in the whole world, and he wanted everyone to know.
“Don’t lie for my benefit.”
John huffs out a breath, the happy glow that had settled over him while they were kissing officially gone. And the night had started out so beautifully.
<><><>
Sherlock’s lips part. John just keeps smiling at him, and after a few seconds, he smiles back. That gives John the courage to inch forward and push himself up on his toes. He raises an eyebrow, and, at Sherlock’s tiny nod, presses their lips together.
Something soft and warm landed on his hands. He opened his eyes to see it was John’s hand.  His expression exuded compassion and understanding.
And there it was.  The awkwardness that was never far off between them these days had returned. John didn’t think Sherlock had intended for that sentence to act like a slap in the face, but that’s what it felt like. Because it was true. And considering how Sherlock was his best friend – supposedly his best friend – it shouldn’t be. It wasn’t right.
“Baker Street is secure,” replied Sherlock with a wave of his hand. “I’m fine. I’m more worried about you.”
“Of course I do, Sherlock,” John said. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “That’s what it means when you love someone. You want to be with them. Preferably as soon as possible, and I rather think we’ve both waited long enough, right?”
He looked back to the couch to see John staring at him with a fond expression.
“What makes you say that? It’s taken them years to just develop a healthy friendship.”
She waved her cup of juice at him, signaling that it was empty, and likely had been for a while. Sherlock would’ve refilled it by now. He was very perceptive when it came to Rosie and what she wanted, and that included knowing when her sippy cup needed to be replenished.
“You complain about everything,” John pointed out.
Sherlock gave him a look that said, “Really?” John sighed and repositioned himself on the couch so he was facing Sherlock more.
Once he was in the doorway, John was powerless to stop himself from moving all the way into the room. He missed Sherlock so badly, the way someone might miss a limb. He felt the loss of him keenly, and he shuddered to think of what it would be like if Sherlock never came home. The pain would be unimaginable.
“Will you tell me the next time they’re bothering you?” John asked. Sherlock looked at him, and John was bowled over at the amount of trust he saw there.
John was halfway past the third set of beds now, but he froze. “How’d you know it’s my first time?”
Despite his desperation, John didn’t get the opportunity to call Greg until the following night. Sherlock had proposed another day at the park, and even though John believed Sherlock should be resting because of his wound, he allowed it. He suspected that Sherlock suggested it because he was growing depressed at the thought of leaving the Watson home. The thought both saddened and pleased John. He hated anything that made Sherlock upset, but it was a little gratifying to know that Sherlock didn’t want to leave them.
In the half hour that Sherlock had been there, John had said less than a hundred words to him, and he barely looked at him. Rosie paid more attention to Sherlock than her father had, and he was quite grateful for that, because the cold shoulder from John hurt more than he cared to admit.
Molly left to go put Rosie into bed. The silence that surrounded John in her absence felt suffocating. Living in this house was so different than living at Baker Street. Even when things were quiet there (which they rarely were), its location in central London provided an ambient hum that comforted John and distracted him from the crevices of his mind. Out here, in the suburbs, there was nothing to keep him away from his dark thoughts, his desperate dreams, or his relentless self-questioning.
Something that his brother was all too happy to remind him of.
“Who sometimes has fits of depression, won’t sleep because of nightmares, and could be classified as an adrenaline junkie.”
“As it turns out,” he said, “that woman was your sister. Pretending to be someone else to… I don’t know what. Get close to me to get to you? Probably, because I’m just an extension of you most of the time. But, yeah. That’s why I’m so curious about her. Because I cheated on my wife with her.” For so long, he had avoided using that word. Cheating. He’d tried to convince himself that that wasn’t what he was doing, that he was innocent and was still a good husband. But recently, he couldn’t deny that he’d never been a good husband. Not even on their wedding day.
“Do you still see him?”
“Why?” In all the years of them knowing each other, John believed he could count all the arguments he’d won on one hand. It was petty of him, but he was determined to win this one. There was a burning sensation in his gut that needed to be put out. “I saw the two of you together, I saw your connection.”
John sniffed and wiped his nose. It took him another couple minutes to fully compose himself, but Sherlock was patient. He didn’t say anything, letting John have some time with his thoughts.
Sherlock scoffed. “I love music.” He watched Rosie’s eyelids droop ever lower.
Rosie continued to wail, looking up at him plaintively from her cot. He scooped her up into his arms, marveling not for the first time at how small she was. She knotted his sleep shirt in her tiny, chubby fingers, and a small wet patch began to grow right beside her cheek. It didn’t bother him like he once thought it would.
Sherlock made a face. “Janine wasn’t a real relationship.”
“Why would I complain?” Sherlock picked himself off the floor and hurried across the room. Rosie had her tiny hands on the bottommost step. He reached down and swiftly picked her up, settling her on his hip. She giggled, thrilled with their game.
"Most of them don’t admit they have a problem,” John reminded him, echoing what the older counselor had said on their first day. “Of course this guy wouldn’t, especially if he’s a – what’d you call him? – a posh tosser.”
“I thought I’d let you choose. Since this is about you, and all.” His cheeks reddened. “And this is my first time doing this, remember? I don’t really have anything to go off of.”
John licks his lips. “Tell me what you were going to say.”
you don’t have to apologize.”
Rosie turned towards the other side of the bed, and Sherlock’s heart sank.
The logic was sound, and, truth be told, Sherlock was desperate to live with John again. The little bit of time they’d spent together while Mary had been on the run wasn’t enough. He craved it like he used to crave harder substances. Living without John Watson didn’t feel right.
That earned him a glare from Lestrade. “
Sherlock balled his napkin up. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
Sherlock stood and hoisted Rosie up to his hip. She was gnawing on her stuffed dog, her blue eyes massive. For a moment, Sherlock let himself imagine a world where she was his, and they were a family. He closed his eyes and pressed his nose to her hair, just like John had earlier that day.
Sherlock’s throat clogged with unexpected emotion, and he had to take a giant sip of water to get himself through it.
understood the depth of Sherlock’s feelings.
“I do.”
“Eat, Sherlock,” John finally said, a mixture of exasperated and amused. Sherlock took a large bite of eggs and refrained from choking on it.
“And my family?” This was the part that astounded John the most. It’d felt a gut punch to hear everything laid out so candidly, but he couldn’t help but be amazed. He half "Your shoes are badly scuffed, and your shorts have a hole in the pocket. If your family had more money, you’d have gotten new clothes for the summer. You mentioned earlier that I’m here because someone cares about me. Most people wouldn’t phrase it that way. They’d say I have a problem, or I need professional help. But you went the family route, which led me to believe you care about someone like me.” He paused. “Your sister is also in my therapy group.”
Still, Sherlock felt bad for Mary. He wasn’t sure how happy she had been with her marriage, but he was certain she didn’t dislike it enough to chase after another man. His feelings towards Mary were complicated at best, and a part of him – a really terrible and awful part of himself that he banished to the very back of his mind – was grateful she wasn’t around anymore so he didn’t have to sort it out. However, regardless of what he felt about her, she didn’t deserve to be cheated on.
John took a second to recover, then looked at him. “Sherlock, I –”
Lestrade grinned, and John could almost believe they were just two mates having a laugh. “I just meant I’ve seen you checking out some guys.”
“It only happens when I’m around you.”
John almost laughed. “No. That would be pretty hypocritical of me if I did.”
Sherlock was staring at him as though he was an idiot, and John wanted to scream.
John hesitated, then declined the call. Not a moment later, his phone started ringing again. Fed up, Sherlock snatched the phone away and answered the call. “We’re
“There was a woman,” he said, feeling distanced from his own words. “On the bus. She kept smiling at me, and I smiled back. The attention was nice. It had been a while. At my stop, I got off, and she followed. Gave me her number.” He paused, remembering how he sat at this very table and toyed with the paper fragment with a scribbled set of numbers. How he’d slowly and methodically punched them into his phone.
“Oh, shut it with the voice.” At that moment, their waiter approached their table, clearly there for their drink orders. Based on the look on his face, Sherlock’s tone had scared him.
John was out of his room in two seconds flat and in Rosie’s only a handful more. Just as he’d feared, her room was empty.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Greg insisted. “You made one happen with Sherlock.”
“How are you so calm?” Sherlock asked. “Your daughter is sick!”
Rosie looked back at the door, and Sherlock felt rather than saw her body deflate.
“You can’t possibly know that,” Sherlock said once he’d composed himself. “That’s ridiculous.”
” John said. “But you don’t
The warmth in John’s expression grew. “You’re welcome,” he said. He turned and sat down at the kitchen table, and Sherlock had to force himself not to call him back and ask for another kiss.
“Why do you care?” Sherlock’s gaze was shrewd. It made John squirm. “Why does this matter to you?”
“Left arm out,” he instructed. A small smile started to curve onto John’s face as he obediently positioned his arm in a way that would allow him to hold Rosie. Sherlock carefully placed her in the crook of his elbow, holding his breath as he got close to John. He made sure she was settled and not close enough to hurt his shoulder before drawing back.
John gave up on trying to hold onto his squirming daughter and looked up at Sherlock. “Music? Seriously? You want me to put on a CD?”
Lestrade shrugged. “More or less.”
When he could finally look back over at Sherlock, he saw that Sherlock’s expression had softened. He set his violin down in his chair and stepped closer to John. It made John aware that the sitting room wasn’t as big as it seemed.
John took the time to figure out how to bring up Sherlock’s childhood again. He had so many questions, and he was desperate to learn more about him, but he didn’t know how to mention it again without being weird about it.
Rosie giggled and reached for the scarf once more. He unknotted and pulled it off, shoving it into his pocket.
“That was – I mean that I – you don’t have to -” Sherlock clenches his eyes shut and growls. “That was good. Really good. I – enjoyed it. And I don’t want to forget about it, though I doubt I could even if I did.” He opens his eyes and looks at John.
Rosie bashed her dog into Sherlock’s knee again, completely oblivious to the tension in the room. Sherlock envied her for that. He wished he could avoid all of it too, because there was an excellent chance this conversation was going to end with him alone. Again.
This was news to Sherlock, and in his confusion, he almost missed the all-too-casual way Molly said, “Oh?”
Greg blew out a breath. “Of course they did. Sherlock’s mad for John, and I suspect John’s the same for him, though I don’t think he’s realized it.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Please, she’s only managed one syllable. That’s hardly the same as forming sentences.”
“You’re playing house with the man you’re deeply in love with. It’s nice now, yeah, but it’s not going to last forever.”
“Then there you go. Make this a priority for when he gets back. Work through this with him, not me.”
John rolled his eyes and gave him a little nudge. “
Sherlock shook his head. “It’s fine. You can’t help it.” He paused, staring down at his book. “What were you thinking about?”
“And you made such a compelling argument,” said John. Sherlock twisted his neck so he could glare at him.
That night, Sherlock couldn’t sleep.
Sherlock smiled, the sweet genuine one that he reserved only for John. “Because you love me too much to let it go unsaid.”
Rosie made a gurgling sound and yanked on his scarf. The noise he made could only be described as an undignified squawk. Quickly untangling her fingers from the scarf, he fixed her with his best disapproving stare.
“I’d always suspected, you know,” Lestrade said. “After years of never seeing you with anyone, and then suddenly you show up with a man who – no offense to John – didn’t seem particularly remarkable.”
John’s eyes flicked to him, a silent apology, before he continued. “You took him on alone because you thought it would protect me. Yes?”
Sherlock scoffed again. “‘Taken care of.’ How patronizing.” His voice was slightly muffled from the assortment of blankets covering him, but John could hear the spiteful tone through it all.
"The fact that you’ve gone out of your way to help me tells me you have a strong caregiving instinct. What’s more, you take this camp seriously. Some counselors only do it to appease their parents, or they figure it’ll look good for uni. You keep your shirt clean because you want to look professional. You want to do a good job. Also, you didn’t go away the first time I told you, though you probably wanted to. A doctor has to have patience.”
Sherlock moved his chair closer to the bed and put his hand on John’s forehead, like he was checking for a fever. His fingers ghosted upward toward his hair, and John hummed in contentment.
“Say something,” he said. “I know you must want to.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” John said, staying remarkably calm despite his twisting insides, “I just spent the past few hours agonizing over you. I think I deserve an explanation, and if my assumptions are correct, you need your wounds treated. The sooner you agree, the sooner we can both go to bed.”
Faced with nothing, he would sit with Rosie and attempt to entertain her, but would often be unsuccessful because he couldn’t tell what she wanted. Molly or Lestrade would arrive around that point to watch Rosie while he escaped upstairs to work through his mounting panic attack. Once that was out of the way, he could function better. It was a painful cycle, one he wanted to break out of but had no clue as to how he could.
“I will. I promise.”
“Both of our phones are dead.”
“You’re going to have to ask me something though,” John said. His left hand was kneading his knee. “Because I don’t quite know where to start.”
John thought he was brilliant.
Sherlock's lips quirked into a smile before returning to their usual stoic line. His eyes darted back and forth as he read, and John took the opportunity to watch him. He wished he had a memory like Sherlock’s so he could remember every beautiful detail. Like how Sherlock’s eyes actually didn’t have a definitive color, and how when he was focused, he tugged at his curly hair.
“That’s easy for you to say, Mr ‘I’ve known I was gay since I was five’!” John retorts, his eyes still scanning back and forth over the display in front of him. On the back wall is an array of full-sized pride flags, half of which he doesn’t recognise. Over the past eighteen months, he’s learnt more and more about the LGBTQ+ community, but it’s evidently not been enough.
“I don’t know if I can do it, Harry. You don’t know half of what happened between us.”
They take more risks, focussing on the sum of their pleasure more than anything else. Outside the confines of their relationship, it feels easier to ask for what they want, not worry about what the other person will think of their requests. They steal away into a supply closet at the yard; almost get each other off in the back of a cab, and have great fun finding out how much weight the kitchen table will hold.
Anderson slid the book closer and opened it up to the page and location. The writing in the area was smeared by a rushed note, but it was clearly the handwriting of Sherlock Holmes. Even if Philip hadn't spent years in forensics ignoring the detective's snarky added comments on his weekly reports to Lestrade, now two years of investigating Sherlock's supposed death would have made knowing his handwriting more than child's play.
The chastising is fair, and that’s part of why John hates it so much. He should be doing what Ella had advised all those sessions ago; turn to his friends when bad things happen, and not keep his pain bottled up until it cracks under the pressure.
“If you go to the Yard and talk to Sally,” Molly whispered. “You’ll find what you’re looking for.”
The high-pitched cooing noise is more than likely to only be heard by dogs and certain varieties of birdlife. At once Sherlock is possessed by the desire to pick up the little bat and snuggle him until at least sunrise.
John just grinned, feeling the cool line of the bodyguard in his pocket. He'd managed to get it out of Sherlock's pocket before the EMTs had carried him away, and in the rush to get Sherlock medical attention, no one had bothered to have John step through the metal detectors. He decided he wouldn't tell Greg about the gun he'd literally handed to Sherlock. Instead, he'd just get a target for them to both shoot at when the mood struck.
He excused himself from the flat, ignoring John’s confused look as Sherlock grabbed his coat and ran down the stairs, barely uttering an explanation of where he was going. In the cab, he dialled a number he never thought he’d use again, and brought the phone up to his ear.
the bag had not left John’s sight. He had packed late in the night before a very handsy Sherlock had pulled him away for what ended up being a sultry reminder of what John’s cock would be missing while in Dublin. John ended up racing out of the flat late because of it. Admittedly, his duffel bag had felt a bit heavier than it did the night before, but that was due to a boyfriend with an exemplary refractory period and a nonexistent gag reflex.
“But I have tried all of—“
“What? Oh god, don’t tell me that you know him.”
What would he think? If he opened that laptop to find anything else; a spreadsheet of the case, or even of the mould samples in the fridge, what would he think?
“I want to hear you say it.” She commands, steadily crossing the room, her heels clicking against the wooden floor, echoing loudly in Sherlock’s ears. She comes to rest at the foot of the bed, taking the crop in both hands and inspecting its length. Despite the dress, the heels and the whip, this isn’t the woman anymore. Her face is gaunt and tight, bones almost breaking through the skin. Her limbs are ashen and spindly, far too long for an ordinary human. Each eye is dark and sunken into her skull, barely visible in the dim light.
“Can I hold your hand?” John asked tentatively. Sherlock nodded, and the doctor slid his smaller, rough hand into the detective’s larger one. Their fingers interlinked and Sherlock felt something melt inside him -- some deep itch finally relieved at the contact.
Between waiting for new chemicals and letting the mixture distil, he read as much as he could about the different types of attraction. Irene had barely scratched the surface, and Sherlock delved in head first, desperate to know more. This time he did not stop when he found an identity that fit him; he pushed further and absorbed as much information as possible. By the time the perfume was complete, his brain was full to burst of new information. He still needed time to think about it, but perhaps what he wanted with John was romantic intimacy, whatever form that took. Eventually, he would have to broach the topic with the man in question, but for the time being, he was happy mulling the information over himself, trying to decipher precisely what he wanted.
"Fond of him?" Sebastian said with a laugh that did not meet his eyes. "He's scum, Mr Holmes. Whatever shit he's got on you to make you have to put up with - "
The vibration of John’s hum around his cock ripped him back into the present, and
“Sherlock, what the hell are you - “
Maybe it was a threesome?  Perhaps John just got a bit carried away with the fun. Bisexuality now disengaged and in its place, John squeezes a beautiful woman in the middle of the sausage fest. Maybe she had to leave the fun early and left John and the mystery man with the gorgeous backside to sleep off all the alcohol.
“You look ridiculous,” Sherlock mutters as he waves a hand in John’s general direction. “Like a fish in a barrel…”
Another sip, and Irene moves a little closer, and Sherlock reflexively does a quick check to see if she’s carrying any weapons. It wouldn’t be the first time that
Sherlock felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. He pulled it out, ignoring Lestrade’s exasperated glare.
Sherlock Holmes. When you've got a lap full of tall, dark and handsome,  how are you supposed to say no? Plus, he fucked me, so technically, he
Unsure where to look first, John's eyes slid like water over his groin and legs, then back up to Sherlock's cock. A smile toyed at his lips, seeing the beads of precome glistening on the rosy tip. Sherlock was enjoying this just as much as he was.
“I’ve been planning this for at least a year. I chose the perfect spot on the steps of the National Gallery, then I was going to take you down to the Thames and ask...ask if you’d marry me.” Sherlock opens the box, revealing a plain platinum ring nestled into a deep blue cushion. “And now you go and ruin my plans.” John’s eyes have become fixated on the ring, but when he looks up, Sherlock is grinning. The annoyance has melted away, replaced by a fond amusement. The two ring boxes face each other in challenge, but the two men holding them have softened, captivated by the eyes of the other.
“I guess I’m new at all of this too...not in the same as you, of course...but, still new, yeah? Maybe we just both need to stop taking everything so seriously and just have a nice time. Can we try that?”
“Hospital?”
"Is that where she shot you?" he softly asked. "Or was this from a different brush with death? It's hard to imagine any bullet being brave enough to pierce your skin."
Sherlock’s brow furrows as he looks up at John.
Sherlock blinks a few too many times for it to be anything but him trying to hold back from interrupting again. John needs to move this along before Sherlock explodes in a flurry of explanations and conclusions.
“Good,” John replied back, his expression somewhere in between fondness and something else that didn’t have a name, but it made Molly’s eyes feel suddenly wet. Like stepping out into a meadow of lovely flowers that assaulted her allergies.
He needed...a cigarette. That would have to do. A cigarette, a quiet room, and time. He’d sit in his mind palace all night if he had to, working through each thought, one at a time. The answer, both to his distraction and the case, was in there somewhere. And he was going to find it.
Both Irene and Molly eat and drink in relaxed silence for a while, and the cats come and go as they please. Molly fiddles with her jumper as she decides if this is the proper time to say what has been on her mind for quite a while.
None at all.
John was thankful the building was empty, save for the two of them. If the landlady had been home, she would have heard him before actually getting a chance to meet him.
That was the last thing that Sherlock wanted to do. He needed to redouble his efforts to see what had gone so terribly wrong with his deductions, yet John was showing all of the signs of needing closeness. Perhaps physical contact would do both of them good, and after-dinner sex always allowed Sherlock a few hours by himself to think while John slept.
“Sherlock, have you seen—” As he turns to face the detective, he finds it. Sherlock has been typing furiously away on it for the last ten minutes, whilst John ran around like a headless chicken trying to find it. Of course. “Why are you using my laptop?”
“Consider it doubled,” John answered. “Money doesn’t matter to me anymore.”
“Extraordinary!” John praised again, and Sherlock flashed him a quizzical glare. This was the equivalent of Sherlock praising John for getting dressed in the morning. What was he playing at?
“That he loves you.”
John nods in understanding, that soft look in his face there again, and Sherlock tries to pretend not to see it. Another topic is needed, but before Sherlock can think of one, John clears his throat.
The whiplash of John’s tone has Sherlock’s mind in a whirl. He shakily sits on the foot of the bed and feels sick.
He continued, his eyes flickering over to John every so often.
Sherlock choked a couple of times, making a gesture for water or, honestly, something stronger.
“I wasn’t with you yesterday.” Sherlock’s brow furrows as if trying to remember what he could have done wrong. Something pulls at John’s stomach, and he swallows the comprehension. Sherlock has never outwardly spoken about his past; the little information John has about pre Baker Street Sherlock has mostly been through off-hand comments from Lestrade or grandiose threats from Mycroft. However, there are times when John can read Sherlock’s past in his behaviour. Immediate assumptions that he’s the problem, or placing John’s needs or pleasures before his own. And, as much as Sherlock can be an arse sometimes, it makes John sick to think of all the ways others must have used him.
Twenty minutes later, John was back out into what he once considered polite society after filling out paperwork regarding his madman of a boyfriend’s private parts. The measurements and weight of everything aroused Sherlock Holmes now forever in the files of Heathrow Airport to be perused whenever the situation allowed. The sensation of what was in all likelihood Sherlock’s right arse cheek bumped against his thigh as he raced to make his flight, and this was fine. As if anything was to ever be normal when dating Sherlock Holmes. John knew that should cause him way more concern than he did. He was traveling with what was essentially a ‘detachable’ male lover. Toting an incredibly expensive fuck toy to have his way with over an otherwise dull three nights and fours days of a medical conference along with a credit card with a sticky note attached written in Sherlock’s handwriting for
"We're both insane. You realise this, right?" John dropped his head and shook it as their mixed laughter rippled across the room. "I thought you'd be pissed about the window, but considering what you did to the rest of the flat…" he trailed off and stood up from the chair, dropping his expensive trousers to the floor as he did.
"The body was buried in a previous location," he began. "Look at the dirt. It's a fine type of clay used in landscaping. It’s used in domestic gardens, and there is no sign of that clay anywhere in this park. More than likely the killer dug up the victim and placed him here. A homeless man by the looks of his general appearance, but redressed him in better clothing to try and keep us off the scent.”
Sherlock peered at his laptop for a fleeting moment before closing it down and texting back a response.
The cab door slammed behind him as Sherlock slid onto the backseat. John was pointedly looking out the window, avoiding his gaze. The driver began the way back to the flat, and every so often Sherlock would glance over at John. The furrowed brow and tenseness of his jaw documented John’s annoyance more than any words. Yet, Sherlock needed more data.
“Ok…” John rasps. His arms wrap around Sherlock’s waist and the nauseous sensation slowly disappears. “I believe you, yeah? We just need to figure out how you ended up like this. I know someone who has a lot more knowledge about these types of things than I. She’s a bit cross at me at the moment, but...anyway…”
“Fuck off, Anderson.”
Most of him is ok with this plan. He’s a bundle of PSD fallout and intermittent tremors. The lady dozing away only a few inches from him deserves better than whatever hobbled back from Afghanistan. John can’t even remember her name.
“Yeah. Avoid our mistakes.”
Sherlock felt his throat tighten, but managed to give a curt little nod before deciding that accepting a drink from Irene was perhaps not the best idea.
Sherlock's knees buckled at the intensity of the pleasure. He swivelled his hips and heard the slap on the slap of their skin, the jostling motion of John's limbs as he took every thrust with an absolute certainty that Sherlock never knew could exist in sex. It took all of Sherlock's strength not to roar out something so sentimental that he'd be forced to move out of the country and start a brand new life.
More logic. Fuck logic.
A good railing every night would be a grand start.
“I was twelve. I think I’ve always known, on some deep level, but when I was twelve I started researching Alan Turing, just for fun. Somewhere in the books, between all his achievements in the war, was a paragraph about how he was forceably sterlilised for being a homosexual, and his subsequent suicide. It was the first time I’d ever seen the word, and I didn’t know what it meant to be gay. I asked my mother, and she told me, and all of a sudden something just — clicked. I’d always had these feelings inside of me, but I’d never looked too closely at them. But then I had a name for it, and the world made a little more sense.”
WATSON: So what do we do?
I dared to push my questioning further despite my host's closed-off face: "Could it be that Robert forgets to take care of a fireplace?
Before I could babble, I walked away to occupy my hands and to give Holmes the space to clear his emotion.
This entailed my knocking at the door of our neighbour, Mrs Turner, an elderly, amiable woman who seemed happy to allow me access to the rear of the building.
THE END
If John or anyone else had looked at this man closer—let us say, into his eyes—it would have been a dead giveaway. As this would not happen until ten minutes later, John had to listen to one of Sherlock’s make-belief tales—which came with the jobs. Even Sherlock loved to claim that it was “not his division”.
Then, as if it had been yesterday and not nearly two decades since we last had seen each other, Holmes winked and added, “Care to come along?”
If Lestrade suspected it, he showed nothing. Instead, he took over from Holmes and concluded: "And what I don‘t know I’m better not
We had to be quiet, but
“Don’t be an idiot, John. You’re important.”
"You saw him, Doctor. How is he?"
headquarters, journalist Roy Robson taught me nothing. The latter quickly admitted to me he did not know Sherlock Holmes, that he had not even met him... until this day."
“Is this 221b Baker Street?”
WATSON: Yes, by Jove! But my medical practice — I don’t see how you —
Not for a
"The criminals may have preferred to lie low for a while so as not to arouse the suspicion of the police…"
isn't the soundtrack for John’s nightmares.
“That all sounds so plausible, Mr Holmes.” And his intonation stressed that Mr X believed my partner to be a loony. “But I don’t know a thing about poison.”
"Yes, Mr Holmes. Do you
“But why kill Adèle? Wouldn't it have been easier to keep her alive and return her to the Colonel once the truth about Mrs Nordon is established? Why go to the end of this madness?”
shooting at the wall. However, he couldn’t bear to agitate Mrs Hudson further. She had witnessed far too much tonight already… Then he contemplated boxing up his things again and getting back on track with his original plan of moving out of 221b.
The opener is partly inspired by the short story: "Sherlock Holmes and the Christmas Mystery" (https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/features/sherlock-holmes-and-the-christmas-mystery-1851413.html).
"Exactly, John."
(MORIARTY
“Yes, Cartridge, and so I have been. This is the third day.” Hell, I could break it down into hours and minutes. The list of things I missed, not alone with the people…
.) Strange case — of — (
“Curious. And what do you think about a
Our conversation was interrupted by the dinner being served. The food smelled delicious. Startled, I realised I was indeed starving. I inhaled the meal with gusto. My partner smiled at me warmly. Holmes was a picky eater, but he loved to watch me indulge. Miss Parker joined us, her face more colourful. Holmes and I shared a knowing look, him acknowledging what I have noticed prior, secretly proud.
"Yes, my dear Watson. But I
repeats endlessly to judge no one, as there’s only one last judgement day. Yet she is quick to say judgemental things about anything and anyone.
.) Why heavens Holmes we have barely five minutes.
The poor man, in despair, hanged himself from a tree.
"Really John? Vampires? It might be around the time this inferior Bram Stoker novel was published, but seriously, John? Vampires? What will we find in the bedroom then? Two coffins?"
I was shocked by the revelation and saddened by the lost lives of three young men, but I was most affected by my partner’s reaction. I wanted to reach out to him, but I couldn't risk it. I could not trigger the culprit and potentially endangered us.
Sherrington Hall had lived a sheltered life, closed off for decades. There had been whispers of ghosts, family mysteries, and one or two men lost in time. These days, there was laughter, shouting and life to be heard from afar.
I never returned to London.
into town. In Norwich, Holmes wanted to meet Inspector Stanley. We found him at the police station. He was a sly-looking little inspector who reminded me of Scotland Yard's chief inspector, Lestrade. The great detective did not please him.
HOLMES (
“For this reason… I will spare the details. It’s plain and obvious and hideous in the extreme. The conduct of the killings was well-executed, intended for the biggest spectacle: you wanted a stage, that all the world could see what you believed to be true. Only a truly devilish mind…”
Only an Englishman tries to find philosophy in a tea mug, John thinks. He grins, then tries out a smile, and when he succeeds, he drinks his tea.
I went shopping, and yes, I stocked up with lube and condoms.
“But you too."
that evening, the inn was crowded. I spotted two or three familiar faces from Jones’ and my walkthrough Sherrington. The elderly man in a heated discussion with another might be even the vicar I had encountered earlier today at the church.
HOLMES (
Sherlock Holmes, the consulting detective, has overlooked the significance of the date: June, pride month.
“What could you have done, dear? The colonel was distraught. Something must have pushed him to the limit.”
Sherlock Holmes meets John Watson on the day of his return to Doyle. He is battered and bruised, with no kin except the errant sister, seeking employment in his hometown.
(Bryan Fuller: AMERICAN GODS)
"Until the police cleared the scene, nothing should be changed."
. It felt like the flicker of flames inside him. One second, high and scorching; the next low, and simmer. One continuous wave, all hot and bright.
"You must rest, Mrs Nordon. I beg you."
I turned and saw Sherlock Holmes near the big elm tree. My companion must have returned without my noticing. He seemed to have aged ten years. His arm was resting against a tree, his forehead against the trunk.
sleeping next to me.
“How long until you heard of his fate?”
Oh, she prays for the lost souls. Every day she calls upon heaven. Whenever one crosses her path, they hasten away when they see her coming because of her reputation.
The audience is a black hole. The piano is in the spotlight.
We can take his word for it because the reputation of Mr Sherlock Holmes is well established.
“Come on,” said Holmes, raising his arms to heaven. “You, of all people, have to trust me, John.”
We continued our conversation while sharing a good whiskey for the next couple of hours.
"Study them tonight. Observe Landsbury’s caring manners and Miss Parker’s gentle gestures and if you are not blind, my dear Holmes, we’ll talk about it again tonight."
meant
The quote at the end is from the poem "The Raven" (1845) by Edgar Allan Poe. I added it for my translation as I believe it to be fitting for the atmosphere in this chapter. Also, the ending of the poem is quite foreshadowing...
WATSON: Well, yes, I can recognise a sex toy.
However, what she did, frequently, was to observe and to deduce. Small mercy that she wasn’t the blurt out-type (yet), so she kept quiet when she spotted the
Sherlock did it, you care about the
Before leaving for good, Holmes wishes to meet the lawyer one last time to find out the name of the universal legatee. I was waiting for him outside the door, not wanting to see this awful character again and already knowing the answer.
: And for you, DI Lestrade? How was it for you? You’ve worked with Sherlock Holmes for almost a decade, and almost two years, together with Dr Watson. How do you feel, in particular, in the aftermath of proving his innocence publicly?
“Your eyes reveal yourself. I have always told you, John. Come on, let's walk a bit. I don't want to meet Detective Stanley and suffer his complaints just yet.
Again, he expected us to react, which didn’t happen. Instead, I went over to the table to put the lasagna in the oven.
John Watson always believed in Sherlock Holmes.
John put out a hand, patting his shoulder. It was the third time he reached out to him, and all was different now.
It took some minutes before we could resume our discussions regarding the case. To make sure that I would finally hear the end of the story, I had partly dressed and had set myself up in the chair next to the bed. I ignored Holmes’ pouting as well as I was able.
Now, I see what a struggle my complex speaking pattern had to be for all my friends, colleagues and clients.
"Miss Parker has faith in us," Holmes commented.
For a second I am furious with myself for having abandoned my initial plan to put on a disguise. I hadn’t wanted to repeat the return from my first exile. Far too painful is the memory of the good doctor’s fainting. Back then I had mumbled an “I hadn’t suspected you to be so affected” as an apology.
“You told me you were inescapably confined to this house, Watson.”
All I wanted was to be back in Baker Street already. There, warmed by the fire, tea and good company, I could appreciate the season. With Holmes by my side, our London was transformed, and I was not immune to its charm.
He vowed to make love to him tonight. Probably, the letter will be found in a special place on the mantlepiece by then. After all, their two loves should shine and should be seen.
One last statement from you, Dr Watson?
“I haven’t taken his case, John. I will investigate whoever is behind the killings on his company property. This case is interesting, with its different methods of killings and messages. Curious, John. Like you said to the man: almost always it’s not God’s word but men’s interpretation, and I imagine it’s similar here. It might look like Devil’s work, but it will have been performed by human hands. And I’ve got a suspicion that our client is involved… and if not, we’ve got a small fortune. It always comes in handy.”
What’s your opinion of the famous quote: “Shut up, Anderson, you lower the IQ of the whole street?”
For a long second, I feared the worst: to spend the upcoming holidays with Holmes suffering from ennui and boredom. I would and could not desert him - I had promised as much to him and myself after the fateful events at the Reichenbach and his long absence in my life - but I will not lie to myself: I had looked forward to a peaceful celebration in our rooms. Reunited, at last. Enjoying good food and company, listening to his violin, and maybe find a quiet moment to address the feelings I harbour since I first saw his face.
, the case of the disappearing racing horse. Holmes had been all about the curious incident about the dog during the nighttime. I had been confused, I remembered, because the dog had done nothing, and that, according to Holmes, had been the curious thing.
“Seduced you?” My voice wavered between horror and alarm.
chance? Yes, he was.
As a smart man, Sherlock Holmes can do the maths: today is their anniversary. A private celebration might be in order; it’s a thought that caught the blacksmith unaware. He, who believed to be as hard as metal, discovered a softness in his soul.
My companion hadn't moved, coldly observing the scene. The two policemen seized the young woman, who had not struggled. And Miss Parker… well, Mrs Nordon… disappeared in a carriage, still claiming to be innocent.
“After such a long time, one cannot imagine that he’s still alive. I cannot imagine that he simply ran away. There were no reasons to do so as there were no money problems, or alcohol abuse or addiction to stimulants, or some secret woman. I know that some men have a mistress on the side, but my father was not that kind of man. At least that was what my mother will say about the matter: she was the only woman in his life. And a woman, his wife, should know such things, should they not, Doctor Watson?”
He stands before John Watson and orders him to buckle up, "Go to Sherlock Holmes, and all your misery will be gone."
“What did I tell you? This is for me. And I can feel every time you are too worked up. You get tighter. You can’t fool me.”
Holmes smiled triumphantly. “You are making progress every day, my dear Watson!”
"A doctor? This is great news. You will help Mrs Nordon, she is very ill."
His voice had turned all silky. Rough, deep and alluring. It affected me - I am only a man - but not as intended. I laughed, or giggle - even I will deny this until my dying day because grown-ups, in particular, men, especially me, do not giggle. Full stop. For a second, House looked affronted, but then... a miracle: he joined in.
"Tales of jealousy. Your misogyny is causing you to lose your mind, Holmes."
“Yes, John. And I know as well what the
HOLMES: Quite so! Quite so! (
"We're going to have to dig. With this damn snow that covers everything, we will discover nothing until spring."
HOLMES
"Holmes.
There are some pilgrims. One or two might even be from London.
When we arrived in Norwich, a man ran towards us. He had a cap in hand, looking like the typical country coachman.
Help? Please,... a man who lived for years with fraud and still believes in him? You don’t really believe that we need such people to do our work?
“Shut up, John”, Sherlock teased back. His deep baritone echoed with power—and yet it was smooth as velvet. “I am on fire...”
Colonel Charles Landsbury
“Then, please, explain to me who the man outside the restaurant at Marylebone Station at five past midnight was?”
He had ripped apart this incredible man, shattered them into a million pieces, and called it love.
Instead, John Watson marches with the other guards. He corrects their feet and counts the rhythm: “left, left, right, right, left” or maybe it is “one, two, one, two, three.”
“And you?
“So, Martha, I’m begging you, please tell me a different story.”
HOLMES
MORIARTY,
I take a sip of the whiskey. It burns pleasantly in my throat.
your pardon. Are you an automaton that only has a few words or what, doctor? Cut it. You’re a chancer, Dr John H. Watson, because damn, I know one when I see one. Is Watson actually your real name?”
HOLMES (
Parts of the dialogue is from a play that later was recorded and aired on BBC, too: "The Hounds of the Baskervilles" AKA peepolykus!Holmes. What you need to know about it? Queer as f*ck, canon Johnlock, it's meta at its best and a bestseller. And yes, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson confess their loves to each other, among other things, in it. There is an article that it was the starting point for BBC SHERLOCK, and hell, we're not talking about Whitehead!Holmes Moriarty as a blueprint for Andrew Scott's performance some years later (which it is, hell, even the lines, "Boring" etc.).
John was drawn by it like an extra clever magic trick, and that was accurate. Was this how Sherlock preferred to use his powers? To entertain people?
. Any further questions?”
"You know, my dear doctor, this so uncluttered estate does not give it at all," he said with eyes in which it was clearly written the profound feeling he felt for him, wishing that everything could remain so forever. It would have been the best Christmas present he could receive "What will Mary tell you when she sees her go home like this?"
While stuffing his clothes into a bag, he made a mental note to go on a shopping trip soon. It made him anxious to imagine himself strolling through London, wearing his trademark jumper, without Sherlock Holmes at his side.
Day 232, moving day.
Watson spreads his legs, his chest rising and falling rapidly. His hands shake as he holds his legs apart.
Instead of listening to my concerns, Holmes was plunging at his violin. His mind was already set on a happier note, “Oh, Watson, remind me to buy another A-string, would you.”
I was standing behind him and was looking over his left shoulder. I wore a blue shirt that Sherlock had insisted on. Both of my arms were raised at shoulder height. My index fingers were pointing towards two red marks on Sherlock’s flanks.
): Now, Watson! How perfectly absurd of you to come marching in here, fairly reeking with the odour of iodoform, and with the black mark of nitrate of silver on the inner side of your right forefinger and ask me how I
The inspector looked at Holmes in amazement and received the newspaper dispatch from his hands. Holmes sat down in an armchair in front of the fire. I followed suit. Mary-Ann immediately served us a hot cup of tea and some cakes. They were delicious, with anise.
MORIARTY (
So the childhood had come to an abrupt halt when the alcohol had caught up with his sorry excuse of a father and the coming out of Harriet-turned-Harry had started a new battlefield; so the odds against him were higher than he would be kicked out too if he had ever strayed away from
The trip was long and exhausting, and sometimes I feared I wouldn’t make it. It is ludicrous, as I am now my younger self, but the world is on fire, so my body is weak and even my mind is in shambles, full of memories, hopes and fears. I should rejoice and full of energy. And God, how I missed my beloved city, but how can I run down alleys to chase down criminals when my bones aren’t creaking but bombs are falling from the sky? Our London is no more.
Was there some truth in it? Was Holmes’ exile to the basement a way of keeping me away while he found alternative lodgings?
On our way, Holmes was humming a tune that sounded suspiciously like my favourite Christmas song as a lad. Instead of asking how my companion had deduced it, I sang along, quiet and probably off-tune. And yet, whenever our eyes met, Holmes' gaze showed only warmth and admiration.
Can Sherlock sense that his heart rate spiked up alarmingly? Watson’s hands aren’t sweating, are they? It annoys Watson that Sherlock always gets under his skin.
As if on cue, Jones asked, “you still cannot recall your past, Watson?”
Phrased as a question, yet Sherlock doesn’t expect an answer. After all, they both know Bea and Jessie and are therefore not surprised that the girls end up rooming together.
“And you're acting stubborn, John. Do you want me to say it in plain terms? I’m tired, John. It’s been a long day and even more exhausting weeks, months and years. I just want to sleep for a thousand years if possible. Before I would say that’s the realm of the fairytale, but we’ve known better now. So: let us go to bed.”
When the confrontation and the confession followed, he raised his shields one last time — a bunch of adolescents — and then dropped it.
“If?” The man looked as if I had suddenly two heads.
“Sherlock... stop
HOLMES
deep down in his gut that Sarah Sawyer had been the woman who had spoken to Mary. “When will she be back?”
On our way back home, even the cab ride through the winter wonderland was spoiled, as Holmes did not put my mind at ease but admitted that he believed Norton would at least try to kill him so he said, Norton’s whole career had been built on the fact that he could inspire confidence.
that the real reason runs deeper.
“John Watson, delete all that nonsense about jinn being slaves to their master's wishes, up to and including sexual gratification, from your memory immediately. Modern men and their fairytales. It’s so dull. Further, it’s tremendously apparent what they’re aiming for: men seek power. There is hardly a better way to exert power than to bend another to one’s most intimate wishes. Oh, and if the other is not a man, but a creature with supernatural powers, would the commanding of that creature not turn the man into a god? Make him
BILLY
“All children do, but you ought to eat one piece yourself, Dr Watson. Make a strong coffee, a proper tea time. Good day.”
THE END
HOLMES: Everything! — Everything! I am so glad of it! I have had enough. This one thing — (
"Quite literal. Molly found indications of sexual activity in the rectum."
Neither talking, nor writing a blog about his so-called life would help him, yet his therapist Ella Thompson insisted on the opposite. Seriously though, what should Dr John H. Watson, ex-captain of the Northumberland Fusiliers, write? Nothing ever happened to him.
See you all tomorrow when the phase starts I love to read (and write) texting, oh yes, it’s #epistolary
HOLMES'
“It was one case, John. One could even say that no crime existed in the first place, as your grandfather staged his own death. He was getting on in years, and as he lived practically on his own, no one could truly confirm the state of his health. Further, I assume you inherited your talent for storytelling from him.”
“I do apologize Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes. But would you have believed me if you hadn’t felt the poison for yourself?” She chuckled.
I nearly snorted at that. He was using
“It’s urgent. Much more promising than the morbidly obese idiot suspecting himself.
Her look suggested of eastern Asian blood. Her skin was of darker shade than white, but light enough that with the right kind of light you couldn’t be sure. Her cheekbones were higher than you’d expect to see in an Asian’s face, but her face fell flatter than a Caucasian’s. She wore no makeup, and her features were strong and sharp, angular in every way.
When Acolea calmed, she took the blanket I’d offered earlier, and threw the door open.
It was remarkable how ordinary it was. Everything, really, everything was perfectly ordinary. Until Sherlock whipped away his violin and gave a shout, “we’ve got ourselves a client!”
But there is only one case among many Sherlock Holmes has been involved in, which I have not shared due to its delicate nature. The client for that case, I’ve never seen the like before or thereafter. She was… sensational, in a way. A stranger, finer lady you could not find. She turned our genre of thrillers and mysteries of day-to-day life into a tastefully sensual erotica. And with Sherlock Holmes, you can imagine what a feat that was.
Or what was covering her, rather. She wore one of those big padding overall jackets, the ones that cover you from the tip of your head to your ankles. It was a big fluffy thing, huge on her, making her look like she was swaddled in a blanket two sizes too big. The only thing we
“Why indeed? Mr. Holmes, have you a mind of who I am?”
was a disaster.” Sherlock was already back, fixing the collar of his changed suit. Sure enough, the shadow on the street below veered for our door.
,” Sherlock breathed.
“Hmm! He must have, by now. I’m sure he got your point. Since your point has been made, would you like something to wear? Anything? We must have something, really. Blanket?” I tripped over my words back then, eyes fixed pointedly on the blanket that was thrown over my armchair.
“Would you like a cuppa tea? Warm up those bones of yours a bit.” Mrs. Hudson offered as she took the small towel back.
“I don’t know how I survived. It was an experiment, a secret project and I a specimen in a lab. Others died over the years, and eventually I was the only one left. I didn’t know any better then, as I was isolated for as long as I can remember. My only contact with the outside world were people in hazard suits that taught me things that they thought I should know and fed me poisoned food.”
“And what brings you out here in this weather, Acolea?” Sherlock crooned like nothing was out of ordinary, eyes devouring every inch of her for information. Then again, he was incredibly dense when it got to those sorts of things.
“Well, this is highly unusual.” Sherlock said, eyes raking across her lithe form with the same hunger for interest as always. But even he sounded bone dry.
“Are you-” I gasped.
“My image will haunt you behind your closed lids,” she smiled, a sly grin with a tug on a side of her lips.
“I do hope it’s a pleasant sight,” she grinned.
I should never have left her alone.
Who?” I shook my head once I was certain we were once again presentable. And calmed.
She was a very toned woman. Like models, really, though she was more on the slender side than curvy. The lines on her body were tight, inviting like how a flower might beckon to a bee. She leaned back as if it was the most natural thing to do, poised like a stretching cat.
“Acolea, Mr. Homes, Dr. Watson. A pleasure.”
.” Sherlock said, as he paced.
“Yes, and not many can resist what it does. None have, in my experience.” She raised her perfect eyebrows, her eyes flicking down to my… well. She looked away with a smile and Sherlock and I…
“Go on,”
“Will you resist my scent?” And then I was aware, of the heavenly scent surrounding her. It made you feel as if you were floating atop a cloud, for it was a light scent, lulling you to complacency. It was sweet of course, everything about her was extraordinarily sweet, and somehow, I
“Oh my God. Oh my God, Sherlock-”
“Touch me,” she said. And my hand obeyed her command against my will. I lay my hand on her shoulder, I’m proud to note, and she felt soft like a flower petal under my touch. Sherlock had turned white next to me, fists clenched to restrain himself. He was a man proud of his intellect, of his cleverness and had always made crystal clear of his distaste for what ordinary people call passion. Him and his brother both, I knew, had no wish for any emotional nor physical connection with people. A mindless rush, the
That… was… unexpected. To say the least.
,” he spat.
“You’re… doing that thing. That thing where you make a point somehow with what you’re wearing. I… can’t for the love of God figure out what the point is, though.” I stammered. Not the smartest thing to say, but better than staring like a slack-jawed idiot.
say that, yes.”
I’d been reading the economics on the papers. Dreadful stuff, but better than watching telly with him around. I looked up with a “what?” as Sherlock jumped clear of the coffee table and stormed into his bedroom.
. Do you know of the flower?”
And she smiled so radiant, it was amazing. It was actually amazing, that a person could look like that. I had never known a woman could be so alluring. And all she’d done was give an introduction.
was amused, no doubt. For her smile was that of an unaffected bystander. She had settled into Sherlock’s lap at this point, arms wrapped around his neck and torso flush against his. Her legs fell over the sides of his hip, dangling. Her lingerie kept her decency precariously intact, and yet it was somehow more intimate than if she had been bare.
“Right. Yeah, okay.” I nodded.
“Yes, though I do believe you have us at a disadvantage. Miss…?” Sherlock finally stopped his pacing to take a seat on his leather chair, hands coming together below his chin and eyes blazing.
The Personal Blog of
see of her was her head. Her head was poking out of it, ridiculously small in that mound of coat with her long swirling black hair all drenched and sticking to her cheeks. Her eyes were large. Almost too large for her face but wasn’t. Brown eyes, that stared so wide that it made her look intense. But her mouth was plump and small, and it wore an easy little smile which made her look absolutely lovely.
“And as time passed, I aged. My body matured from a young girl’s into a woman’s. And I had been carefully cultivated since the moment I could crawl to be as they wished. I am bait, a lure which affects all five of your senses. Do I look pleasing for you, Mr. Holmes?”
“Quite right. And that’s what I am, what I was cultivated to be. A deadly flower, to lure the bees for a taste of nectar, to provide a last feast.”
“So how does this all work? Do I just tell you and Dr. Watson my story?”
“Well, whatever she brings will beat watching you sulk for a week or two.” I dragged the chair over from the table to the usual spot between our armchairs.
her scent was of want.
It was an early evening like any other except for the storm, in London. It was raining dreadful like, cold radiating off the tall windows and dark like the dead of night. I sat in my armchair with a newspaper in hand. Mrs. Hudson had just brought a cup of tea and biscuits with a tart
“Sherlock,” I reined him in automatically. It’d become instinctive by this point to stop him when he breezed past socially accepted behavior with disregards to others, but Acolea only smirked.
Then Acolea shifted on the sofa, drawing my attention back. Her intense eyes serious and playful smile all business-like. It made you lean in, to catch every word she breathed.
With a shock, I recognised the other voice: it was my own.
Sherlock’s whispered, “Welcome back”, brought him back to the present. The jinn turned and walked away, toward what John assumed to be his bedroom. “Time to choose a side, John.”
Both men are not laughing while they are manoeuvring the sofa upstairs, but it’s a close thing. They aren’t swearing like sailors when they reach the stairs, either. Watson's smile, which is mirrored on Sherlock’s face, however, is real.
“Maybe indeed.”
I knocked on the door of the basement. Loud, and unlike during the midday, with intention and I will admit, emotion flaring high behind it.
“Now I can go over in peace,” Watson says.
There was a look of disdain in Sherlock’s features. However, John sensed it ran deeper. Had some men had acted in that way towards Sherlock in the past? Was this why he insisted he did not grant wishes? Had some people were unworthy of wishes, but Sherlock, bound by his magic, had to fulfil them anyway?
"My dear Watson!" Holmes exclaimed and turned to me. Apparently, he had noticed my appearance before I had even opened the door. Probably the detective had recognized the steps on the stairs, or something similar. Jovial, my companion continued to speak, not taken aback by my exclamation. “I thought you would enjoy having this place decorated for the holidays.”
A breathless female voice had just cut off Mr Arbucklehurt.
"Calm down!"
My partner smiled. He even dared to give me a little wink. I didn’t blush, but it was a near thing.
"But…"
It should not be liberating to shout it, but it was. If one had such unnatural feelings, one should never speak about it, let alone scream so loud that people might overhear it.
Therefore, he cleared his throat and spoke.
will be my legacy.
“Every beekeeper needs an assistant, John. Do you
Enjoy
It went further downhill.
“John...”
“Here”, he tossed me the paper on the third or fourth page.
“This is indeed the conclusion one can draw when examining the premises.”
A perfect duplicate of me took a right hook, then a left hook, and then filled him a blow to the side of the head. Organ hit the floor like a sack of cabbages.
I proved to be a far less conductor of light as he had a habit of calling me in cases past., Here, I trundled in the dark for far too long.
I was compelled to relate the painful scene of the afternoon, not without recounting the disagreeable interview with Mr Landsbury.
The next morning, after a makeshift breakfast, I got down to some work and was well into the argument of the paper I was writing when I realized that the room was becoming airless and oven-like.
“The case seemed to be staged by a man who loves to joke, doesn’t it? It’s a strange, maybe a perverse version of humour, but I got the impression that the murderer loved playing with us.”
the city of Ubar, The Lost City of Towers, in Oman. It had been a good city. On most nights, there would have been three, maybe four thousand people: every traveller would rest at Ubar, and the music would play, and the wine would flow like water and the water would flow as well, which was why the city had existed. It had perished a thousand years ago,
In the last couple of weeks, she suspects two other men to know about her situation.
“Haven’t you heard, Mr Holmes? And here I thought I was delivering old news, and you'd surely be involved by now.”
"Thank you for reassuring me, Watson."
And Holmes miraculously took out a letter from Colonel
Already in walking distance, John Watson dines at Simpson’s. When the waiter inquires about Sherlock’s whereabouts, Watson isn’t small-lipped: he is simply half-starved and wishes to order promptly. The food is excellent. Watson isn’t stopping himself barely seconds before commenting on it to an empty seat opposite him.
It's not the body heat that he craves, it's the intimacy. A well-prepared Earl Grey Tea can help much, so can music, but a human connection? Endless possibilities!
She was a curious git, but more of the
"It‘s all so strange, Doctor. There
not offer him any further explanation.
It doesn't make John Watson feel less that others wear similar ones as the guard knows the secret: his lover was protecting his love.
It proved to be a capital mistake...
HOLMES: Quite so — I will not be here tomorrow.
Therefore, he decides quickly to not show the world
“Well, Watson. Do you have a clue where we’re heading?”
“To drive the schemer out of the house, so Colonel Landsbury keeps his honour.”
"No, Sherlock." Two faces, different stages of confusion shows, turn to John. A raised eyebrow, expressing "Go on," in his silent
“Good Heavens, Holmes! What are you doing, old boy?”
Welcome to chapter 2 of "London Gods". Thanks to all my readers who left kudos and/or comments. I hope you & the rest enjoy the ride! My gratitude to my two betas, elwinglre & irisbleufic, who are magic.
"Not everything is as it seems, my dear Watson," Holmes said. "And this remains true in this case as well."
“My dear man!”
“Not really, but I know you.”
"I'm not sure, but I think it was Miss Parker… You'll have to ask her…"
This chapter wasn’t like this at all last weekend. Maybe you can spot the changes, you can surely guess the reason.
“Please, trust me. Go to Norwich for the opening of the will.”
His reputation
"There's the governance!"
have been killed! Damn, Holmes, leave this to people who are more skilled in such matters. Now, Holmes, you listen to me: if this happens one more time, I will lock you up in our rooms. The very idea...! You make me furious. I... I just do not know... Sometimes I just
Once we reached the bedroom, Holmes sat on the bed. His features were tiring. I scrambled to his left foot, but he waved me aside.
My heart ached. I missed my companion fiercely.
“John...” Sherlock’s pronunciation of his name was more of a moan than anything; it called to John’s heart. “I need...”
“Why newspapers reported we have quarrelled?”
And the car. The car was definitely a hint. However, the enigmatic man was a master of disguise—or so most people would define it (which proved that they were idiots, and, probably, as the man had once said, “Lower the IQ of a whole street.”).
“Gregory, are these the only clothes you’ll buy for me? Just look at the neighbour’s wife. She looks pretty and is admired all over town. I, however, have to stay at home because I have nothing nice to wear. And why have you been spending so much time at Molly Hooper's shop? Do you think Miss Hooper is prettier than me? Are you in love with her? And why are you always flirting with her, for God’s sake? You’re a horny old man, Gregory, that’s what you are!”
on Netflix. I, personally, would never recommend this movie to anyone. I refused to re-watch it while writing my fanfiction. Frankly, IMO they slaughtered more than Chopin.
However, the clock was ticking, and this was a place of my past and only a starting point of a brighter future, it had started in Sherrington Hall, in a way thirty years ago with another pair of lovers, and now, it was time for our journey.
Soon he sits next to her at the kitchen table of 221a. He is toying with his fingers as if still playing his piano.
“Is that why you knew my name, too?”
He has served as the judge in a criminal court before. His earnings have made him a great and powerful landowner. He knows well that trades made his fortune and that if he does not please the merchants, it will be his downfall. Because he has memorized all the laws, court cases, and decisions in England over the last 300 years, Mycroft Holmes can write the perfect legal document.
I opened the door with infinite slowness. The noises of Holmes’ experiment seemed to have stopped.
The man who once had been a stranger, introduced by
"Not very convincing, is it, Watson?
“What’s the matter with
t need to give us more details: even I could tell that he was afraid.
the feeling that Mrs Nordon is no such woman. She didn’t want to harm anyone, so, tragically, she lied about her identity to Colonel Landsbury. That was a big mistake.”
"May God help him find the truth!"
Later, when I went to bed, I was rather looking forward to some days of fruitful incarceration because maybe there might be some more stolen moments when we were both locked away in 221B.
“Thank you. Let us go in, Mr Arbucklehurt awaits us.”
Determined not to succumb to lethargy as I had the previous afternoon, I decided despite Holmes’ strict embargo ongoing near the window, I simply must have some air.
The little one was in the house, hidden somewhere. Now was the time to act. Watson would have related it with a lot of dramatic reinforcement. I cannot imitate him.
around one would never assume that something terrible should have happened here.”
After all, they
Therefore, I tried to start a conversation. It was not like the early days of our acquaintance, during which I thought Holmes all above idle chatter.
"I see, Holmes. Do you think that you have no chance of finding the little girl alive?"
"I was beyond myself, and I am sorry. It was wrong. I can see that now. But…" The man took another sip, then put down the glass with force, "the man was not the right one for her!" The last part of his tale was almost a shout.
(his interpretation, while not being Soprano, isn’t off-key).
I hadn’t seen Nicolas so emotionally before, not even when he walked into me and a teammate of ours, which had resulted in our breakup. It hadn’t been that we were exclusive—we were young after all—but it had been a blow, surely. I had felt bad afterwards, and it had been months until we reconciled. We had been friends, or if I’ve been more honest acquaintances ever since.
"Where's my daddy?" Adèle Landsbury repeated. “I prayed so much that he would come and get me. Mary-Ann was very mean to me. She even beat me. Luckily, cousin Michael was feeding me, but he lied to me. He promised I would see daddy again when I was free. And my daddy isn't here. Where is he?
Even the weather was mocking me: It was a beautiful day; relatively warm and hazy. I wished to share it with Holmes. Even the once again excellent meal provided by Mrs Partridge could not lift my spirits. As the woman was far too observant, I put an extra-wide smile on my face.
HOLMES
"The child wasn't recognized by my uncle," Landsbury roared.
My mind is failing me.
“All right?”
"I apologize, Colonel Landsbury. It was not wise to start the debate on this subject."
It is an unsaid “I love you”, with a wish to let him rest in peace.
“We should be at Crevecoeur Hall already, Watson. I imagine the worst.”
Several days passed in complete stillness. Holmes, more and more irritable, only played the violin with gusto, chaining the most discordant studies with the most unsightly squeaks. The snow finally stopped falling and a beautiful winter sun sparkled over London. Little by little life returned to the streets, people went back to taking walks; me first, both to escape the grinding of Holmes' violin and to take advantage of the beautiful sun. I spent quiet days at my club, happily reuniting with old friends, scotch and billiards.
Stage one is to smile at the man standing in 221b, frozen on the spot, his eyes huge.
(See the end of the chapter for
I had been looking forward to discussing the Organ case with Holmes, who would certainly have some views on the subject.
All right”
My voice was as steady as I can muster when I called him: “Holmes?” A long silence. “Holmes, we must speak.”
As I stood back to get a better look at my other self, the duplicate doctor put a hand to his own face, retched at his upper brow and pulled and stretched till he had removed his entire face. Revealing underneath the mask the flaming eyes of Sherlock Holmes.
concern. Surely, a much-needed rest was in order. The best outcome would be his daughter, and the business with the governess solved as soon as possible. However, being the partner of Sherlock Holmes for years now, I know that patience is a virtue.
What could go wrong? The answer is apparently: Everything.
The wealthy merchants have found their special seats. They wear their Sunday best, showing off their power and money. No one believes that Moriarty and Magnussen believe in anyone besides themselves.
for The Strand in an altered version for the public, we
, whatever you want to call us nowadays. We’re only called when you need fixing. Please, jinn, help me. Please, jinn, grant my wish. Please, jinn, please. And oh, they’re so grateful for a second, but then we’re forgotten. They don’t even try to learn our names. Because... do I matter? Does any of it? You know, I am just a jinn, and it is my nature... no, my
“You aren’t Sherlock.” It was the girl who brought John back. She wore a coat like Sherlock’s.
"There is nothing in which deduction is so necessary as religion," said Holmes, leaning with his back against the shutters. "It can be built up as an exact science by the reasoner. Our highest assurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers, our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence. But this rose is an extra. Its smell and its colour are an embellishment of life, not a condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
“Now this may sound insane, but I’ve been ingesting Piedra for as long as I can remember. Half a drop in a cup of water. Half a drop in my cereal bowl. Ever since I could eat solid food, just barely under fatal dosage. For years, Mr. Holmes, have I been fed Piedra without my knowledge.”
. Tell me more,”
“Let’s cut to the chase, shall we? There’s an aphrodisiac, Mr. Holmes. It works wonders, and it’s fatally poisonous even in minimal doses. Piedra. If you ingest it, you’ll be incited to copulate immediately till your heart bursts. Rub it in your skin, you’ll go mad with your needs. It’s very, very dangerous. And used rarely, for its cost for creation is near astronomical.”
“I take it you’re on a recreational side of business?” Sherlock leaned even further forward with a glint in his eyes. He looked as if he’d fall off his chair. I took to studying the lines in Sherlock’s face, a relief from having to look at her. The glee I saw there bordered on manic.
suave voice he reserved only for clients who promised to be truly interesting.
Acolea leaned forward then, dropping to her knees. I admit, I would have shrunk into the armchair if I could have. But I couldn’t. My body did not move, and nor did Sherlock’s. It was as if I’d lost all control of my senses, of my body for it longed for her something frightful.
“I don’t
Sherlock, who was receiving the brunt of her attack. His eyes were bulging, his hawkish nose flaring as he took in the scent of the woman straddling him. I know his body wanted to simply lean forward and accept her invitation for a taste, though what his clever mind wanted was surely different. He sat there, fighting the urges all men bear, and losing it badly. Even back then I was fascinated to see his composure fall apart so utterly, ever more so than all the years I have known him.
“Shut up.” He growled, before storming out of the flat. I gaped at the door and flinched when I heard his bedroom door slam. Hard enough to shake the building.
I could feel my face flushing when she peeled the soaked coat off her and tossed it on the floor. It was those expensive little scrap of cloth that hinted just enough to show her striking physique and yet cover just enough for your imagination to run wild.
And so she was, by the sound of it. Mrs. Hudson led her into the room. Happy hellos and warm welcomes were said while Sherlock rolled his eyes and groaned. Without bothering to peel off her soaking coat she took a seat on the center chair and it was all quite perfectly ordinary. Then I took my seat with my notes and saw her, you know, actually
I have thought long and hard about sharing her story with the public. It is not an easy tale to swallow. It is definitely not general public appropriate, you can trust me on
“Can you hear the want in my breath?” She whispered, crawling up his legs. Her voice was like honey, sweet and runny, and her warm breath tickled our ears. In my head I could hear her moans and I had to swallow to keep from the embarrassment of salivating like a starved fool.
“Or will you yield and taste me?” Acolea leaned back and her wet hair waterfalled down her back, and in that moment, I wanted nothing more than to devour that woman. Looking back on it now, I am grateful that she chose Sherlock for her center of attention for I do not think I could have resisted. As it was, my nails drew blood from my palm with an effort to stop myself from ripping her away from Sherlock.
“I’ve a case for you, Mr. Holmes. One you might find interesting.” She unzipped her coat.
