The subject of said sentence opened his eyes and peered up at John through impossibly long lashes and noted the taut neck, the head hanging limply backward, the hips thrusting toward his mouth.  John looked so abandoned lying there on the couch with his legs spread widely for him.  Sherlock hummed appreciatively, “Mmmmmmm” around his mouthful of cock.
Sherlock sighed in exasperation.  “
That's it!  Hope you enjoyed it.  Just out of interest, that nipple piercing is real.  I found it online.  If I had any idea how to put a picture here I'd do it, as I saved a copy.  Thanks to all who read and enjoy enough to kudos or comment.  It's really exciting to hear from you.  Makes my needy heart sing.
Sherlock prowls toward him like a catwalk model, all haughty and heavy-lidded eyes…
“I know, Sherlock.”  John petted and gentled his shivering lover.  He straightened and ran his palm over his detective’s rump- “Oh!  What have we here?!”
“Sherlock, please get those bloody gorgeous shoes off, and take down those stockings but put the Speedos back on for me.  Your cock looks amazing in them when it’s hard.”  John held out a hand to his sweetie pulling him up, letting him lean on him while he ditched one shoe at a time.
“But John-"
Sherlock smirked.  John laughed.  “Come here you big idiot.  Help me fix this,” he indicated his crotch.
“John,” Sherlock breathes, wide-eyed, “my John.”  The Fingers stroke John’s cheek.  “I know I calculated everything perfectly, but I still can’t believe it worked.  That I’m here, touching you, hearing you say you love me.”  Sherlock looks slightly startled.
“Yes, of course it is.  Blatantly.  Well if I’m not going to get sucked-off I think I’ll go make some tea.  Want a cup?”  John knew the best way to make Sherlock stew and burn to explain his deductions was to feign disinterest.  He smiled to himself as he put on the kettle, some small consolation for his unforthcoming orgasm.
“ME lighten up?  ME?!  Are we in the same reality here?” he huffed, rolling his eyes wildly, throwing his newspaper aside.  “OK, OK, I’ll lighten up.  Sure, you can have all the spunk you want.  And while I’m at it, I might just go down to see if Molly needs any for experimental purposes.  Then I’ll go donate some to Mike – perhaps he needs some for some random experiment.  What about Lestrade?  Perhaps he has some investigation going where he needs-“
Sherlock looked searchingly at his love’s face.  John smiled steadily back at him, offering reassurance.  Whatever he was looking for he must have seen it because he hopped down from the ledge and moved around to gently remove the toy and press his groin to John’s arse.  He placed his hands on John’s legs and rubbed some feeling back into them.  He stood lightly in the water, letting the bubbles bounce and jostle him against John.  The free feeling of the water caressing their bodies was exquisite.  He reached down and gave himself a couple of good strokes and lined himself up with John.  He suddenly felt a bit afraid of the moment, like he might bugger it all up.  He hesitated and looked up at John.  John was looking at him intently.  As he watched, frozen, John reached out one hand to him.  He placed his palm on John’s wrist in a monkey grip and as they held each other, he slowly pressed inside John and Sherlock felt an unfurling deep within.  That was it for him.  He was utterly taken.  Forever.
“Tell me you’re going to keep this,” he pants, staring fixedly at the metal hoop.  “Please.”
– I’ve been gone three hours.  Have you been staring at that screen the whole time?”
“John? What’s wrong?” His little love had the gall to blink innocently at him, unfortunately to no effect as John’s gaze was distinctly southward.
Sherlock reached up and placed his hands over John’s on the ropes and gently swung the cradle back and forth so that John moved over his length in a swaying motion.  It was utter bliss.  He looked down at his love and saw how abandoned he looked, and felt so much love and tenderness well up in him he thought he’d burst.  What if he ever hurt this man?  Suddenly feeling fiercely protective, he caressed one hand over his face, running his fingers around John’s lips where they enveloped his cock.  John hummed in encouragement and the emotional turmoil and visual feast had him ascending before he was aware of himself.  He gasped and came in a surge, pouring himself into John’s welcoming mouth until he was limp, still gripping the ropes, hanging over John like a slack puppet.
“Here it is, John” Sherlock said, keeping his eyes on the screen but holding it out.
“Wrong, John.  How can you deduce so poorly?  It’s not a man, it’s just a boy – a teenager, about sixteen.  Slight build, left handed, terrible attitude, frequent masturbator, dread locks, wears glasses, mixed race – English father and Afro-Caribbean mother – with porn mags under the mattress.”
"But John, I've never...  that was... "  Sherlock growled frustratedly.  He was so shit at feelings.  His John was so good at them, and he was so pathetically hopeless at them.
Bloody need to go do that typing course…”  Excellent, he’d be backspacing for ages.  Next the red stockings and over those the hopefully-never-to-be-swum-in Speedos John bought him.  Pull drawstring tight and tie.  And for the jewel in the crown – those heart-halting heels.
”Come in, come in.  John, Sherlock, this is Juan.  Juan takes the private adult lessons.  I’ll let him chat with you about your expectations”.  The manager wandered off, blissfully unaware of the screaming silence she left behind.
“Good.  OK.  Well then let’s get it into the water and get started”.  So a doctor and a detective, with no one to witness other than the birds in the numerous trees, worked in tandem to place the swing in the shallow end of the pool, adjusting the height of the frame and setting various floating devices to hand.
Nervously Sherlock waved a hand in front of John’s face.  If possible, John’s eyes narrowed even further.  Sherlock swivelled to see why.  Juan’s gaze was locked on Sherlock’s crotch.  The suicidal idiot wiggled his eyebrows again, licked his lips and stuck his hand out in greeting.
“No Sherlock.  I’m taking a stand”
“Jaaawn, why are you stopping?!” Sherlock slurs.
As they kneel facing each other, quick pecks are dropped onto John’s lips.  “As if I’d be bothered.”  Peck.  “If
“NO John!  No, I’m fine”
“Oh.  I’m mortified.  Obviously.”
John pressed Sherlock back against him again with his right hand, whilst reaching into the pantaloons with his left.  He touched the tips of his fingers to cock, feeling the straining length against his sensitive, recently un-gloved skin.  He knew Sherlock was close.  It wouldn't take much to tip him over the edge, and John wanted to be right there with him.
Sherlock curls his wet fingers and glides them down John’s length, lazily jacking him, staring fixedly at the sight as if overawed by what’s about to invade him.
Seemingly of its own accord, John’s hand raised to Sherlock’s knee, sliding up slowly towards his thigh. One finger stretched towards the head of Sherlock’s rosy cock which was visible now that the foreskin had retracted, and rubbed the slick pre-cum around the slit hypnotically. Ever so slowly John bent closer to the silky black shorts until his nose was buried in Sherlock’s crotch. He breathed deeply and nuzzled his nose around letting the silky fabric caress Sherlock’s balls. John heard a loud gasp. It was enough to snap him out of his stupor. He smiled quietly into Sherlock’s groin and swiftly decided to take charge. John marshalled his thoughts and devised a plan. To demonstrate just who was leading the proceedings now, John
the priority, the main reason we’re here.”
Moving quietly and cautiously, still clutching the Speedos, John lifted away the sheet revealing the miles and miles of back and consulting arse beneath.
As John would say,
If there was anything that encouraged John more than his little tasty cake squirming his arse around on him, it was when he started talking during sex.  Any kind of talking really – his usual intelligent observations made John get hot for Sherlock’s brain, his tentative coy comments make John squishy in the belly, and when he dropped an octave or two and
“Oh my god.  You can’t say things like that, Sherlock”
A consulting detective moved pretty swiftly towards a doctor-strewn sofa at that point.  Kneeling was involved.  So was sucking, licking, humming, praising, stroking, fingering and various other impulsive acts arising from the heady drama of the moment.  Needless to say, said doctor made sure rhythms weren’t disturbed until everyone was happy.
John jerks a mini thrust up into Sherlock in response.  “Bloody hell, you feel so good inside me, John.”  Sherlock starts to rock, undulating on his lap.  His movements get stronger and multidirectional.  John watches him dance, breathless with wonder.  The figure of eight movements from the club make an appearance, forging a dirty grind across his pelvis.
“…Yes?”
As John wandered away shaking his head he heard Sherlock shift and the low humming became audible again.
“We’re from the capital, you see,” Holmes said, still cloaking himself in false vulnerability, “We’re used to street signs and flat cobblestones.”
Holmes tilted his head. “I’m afraid you’re not going to like this much, dear fellow, but we do have to check the scene of the crime, and that means going over by the cliffs.”
At the reveal of the camera, Holmes let out a punched exhale of air, and started to fight again in earnest.
Holmes shrugged. “It doesn’t matter overmuch. We can still banish it if it’s upset, it’ll just mean more running and hiding on our part.”
“John,” he whispered, “are you quite alright?”
“Please tell me they marked out the section relating to this poor creature.” I said, keeping my own voice equally low as I gestured towards the chalk-bound abomination beside us.
It was human at the base, or rather humanoid, for it had four limbs and a head. These limbs were long and rangy, covered in sparse tufts of thick fur, whereas the head had a full set of locks, though this hair stuck out at strange angles. It was muzzled not with iron or steel, but rather floating circles of chalk, which swirled in lazy cycles and pressed into the creature’s face, forcing open its mouth and revealing numerous rows of sharp fangs.
“I am sure I told you over lunch,” he said, “that I sincerely doubted there was anything here that could harm me, and that was no hubris on my part. I know for a fact that I cannot be harmed here, nor back home in the city, nor at sea.” He looked down, presumably towards the photograph. “I have paid for that assurance dearly.”
Holmes was silent. His eyes closed, and his mouth pressed into a frown that dragged the rest of his face into it. I was about to ask what the matter was, but his eyes opened and fixed on me with an intensity that almost frightened me.
But they did lower their head into my hands.
“You have two minutes to get a head start,” one of the Hambleton sons said. “You’d better start running. Don’t worry, we’ll keep track of where you end up.”
At the time, however, I merely nodded and left Ms Talbot to his care.
He said nothing, but as we placed the photograph amongst the logs, I knew that the Hambleton estate would be gone before sunrise.
The broom swished through the air, wiping away the chalk muzzle and slicing through the spiral on the floor. Holmes dropped the broom and closed the door immediately, but not before I saw the lines on Ms Talbot’s body leap forward, dragging the rest of her behind.
It was then that Holmes kicked open the bedroom door.
“And I was not merely climbing for the sake of the view. I did find this,” he said, and pulled from his pocket a blue handkerchief. “If you will recall, it is the near twin of the one Ms Conliffe used earlier in our sitting room. I have reason to believe that her brother tried to escape up the tree, but was caught regardless.”
The waves crashed down harder, bubbling forward nearly to our feet, but Holmes reached down and flicked at the water with his fingers. “None of that. Let’s not be rude.”
“Where to next?” I asked, unable to come up with any better topic of conversation.
The ocean withdrew briefly, then surged forward in a swell that landed just shy of our resting place.
“Don’t you find me repellent?” I could not conceal the tremor in my voice. “Now that you know what I am, you should be running for the hills.”
“Is there anything I can do?” I asked. “Is there any way I can help?”
“I am afraid you can’t have him,” Holmes said to the sea. “He’s mine now, and I won’t share.”
The bedroom door slammed, and Mrs Hudson and I shared a look of fond exasperation before I made my own journey to the spare bedroom. The fiction of our separate sleeping arrangements is thin as the paper on which I write this. However, the military demands that men such as I can not marry, propriety demands than only married couples share a bedchamber, and so the lie of the spare bedroom was necessitated.
“So what’s the cane for, then?” Mr Hambleton said. “We don’t get many invalids waltzing about the county.”
“I’m so sorry,” he said, “I never wanted you to see this.”
Then she swapped out the photo plates and removed the lens cap before leaving the room. There were no sounds left in her wake save for Holmes’ ragged breathing, so when a noise emerged from the hall, there was no pretending I hadn’t heard it.
“Dearest, I have always known what you are.” Holmes said. “I knew it from the moment I first laid eyes on you. You were not so long gone from the ocean’s clutches that I could not see its marks on you.”
“Neither am I, my dear fellow, and that is what concerns me.” Holmes squeezed my hand, and tugged me towards the edge of the clearing. “I believe that it is time we visit the Hambleton estate.”
The deaths shifted next to the cliffs, to the moment we breached the water. I saw my own webbed hand, grey like the rest of the photograph, drag Holmes down until the air was pushed from his lungs. I saw the precise moment his glassy eyes dimmed.
“You could.” He said. His tone was cool, with no inflection, making the early morning chill that much sharper.
It was late at night by the time we reached the Hambleton estate once more, and this time our approach was far more stealthy. I’m afraid that both my aching leg and my webbed feet slowed our progress, but by the time we had crept up to the servant’s door, my more obtrusive fins had receded beneath my flesh, and Holmes was no longer quite so deathly pale.
“I’m sorry to have neglected you, dear visitor, I meant no slight by it. I’m not sure if you know what a wedding is, but Ms Talbot, the woman you’re inhabiting, is planning one.” I wracked my mind for any way to explain this to something so alien. “I suppose for you it must be like a set of parallel lines. I wonder, how do they choose to travel together, never touching but always close? That must involve a lot of planning too.”
It came first through my leg, a sucking, grasping presence that pulsed in time with my heart’s throbbing, but once it had its hooks in me, it dragged itself throughout my body, diving into my veins, sloshing into my flesh. It pushed the fins it had once given me through my skin, dragged up my forgotten scales, sliced at my neck until gills grew in. I felt the newly grown webbing between my fingers brush against Holmes’ skin, cold against his warm flesh.
“Like I said, our amateurs here are meticulous record keepers. It seems like they wanted a wolfhound and believed that, instead of purchasing one from a breeder, they were entitled to a werewolf.”
I found myself grasping for words. “What is this?” I managed to croak.
- Sherlock Holmes
Mr Hambleton began to round the table. “I cannot expect some metropolitan fop and a limping interloper to comprehend our aims. But understanding is not necessary on your part.”
The cliffs were approaching. The beast was bearing down on us. Below, the waves crashed, and I could hear them calling, offering escape. And in that moment, with Holmes half-conscious beside me and a monster behind me, the choice was clear.
But standing there, gazing down at that wretched, crouching figure, I was reminded of myself, of my own unwanted transformation, of Holmes’ words to me in the clearing.
I found him in the sitting room perched on the window seat, sitting still as a photograph. His face was turned away from me, his body was concealed by the topmost blanket from our bed. All that was visible was the coal-dark strands of his black hair and a sliver of his pale skin.
The poor man was forced to endure Holmes’ fawning attention during the entire walk to the parlour. By the time we reached the room, the colour of his face nearly matched his hair.
It turned out that it was impossible to miss.
When I was sure no further collapsing was to occur, I glanced over and saw how wet he was, saw the brine stuck in his hair and his clothes sodden around him. But what was truly concerning in that initial glance was his paleness. Holmes rarely has any colour in his face, but in this moment he was so white as to be faintly luminous.
The waves swelled upwards with every stroke, assaulting the cliffs beside us with percussive force, each one distended with the notes of the singing sea. Each dip in their motion tried to pull me down, away from land where the water’s song could not be disrupted by the cacophony of the crashing shoreline.
“My dear John, I’m afraid our job isn’t yet done.” Holmes said, holding my webbed fingers against his. “We have an eldritch abomination to exorcise and a photograph to retrieve. The game is still afoot.”
I watched, helpless, as my dearest friend choked to death before my eyes.
He had been sliding into one of his grey moods since he completed our last case, which was not unexpected. His brilliant mind dulls without stimulation, and his last investigation had been a rigorous affair, already detailed elsewhere in “The Case of the Blue Bonnet Mine.” But though I had the reprieve of writing to turn to when the adventure was over, without further direction Holmes’ manic energy deserted him.
But then the image shifted, and Holmes was running from Ms Talbot and the lines, except instead of fleeing successfully, they caught him, shoving him down, ripping at his arm, tearing off his skin until his blood was the only colour left in the photograph.
The train ride out to the country was uneventful, and I must admit I spent most of it catching up on the sleep I had missed this morning. Our journey to the coroner’s office and inquiries about missing individuals were likewise standard, but that is not the reason I am omitting them now. At the time, I was distracted by the proximity of the ocean. Though the town was situated inland from the white, chalky cliffs, I could still hear the waves pounding against rock if I closed my eyes and focused.
Eventually, silence descended. It was more terrifying than any noise could have been, but not nearly as terrifying as those first steps out of the pantry.
When you inevitably read over this script of yours, please do let me know when you reach this endnote. I should very much like to tell you how unobservant you are, and kiss you as you so rightly deserve.
Our brief respite had helped my leg return to a more manageable pain, but I was secretly grateful that the walk from the town to the cliffside was flat, with only the occasional tree root as obstacles. The ocean got louder with every passing step, but I did my best to block it from my mind and focus not on the waves below but rather on the land around us. I kept close on Holmes’ heels, for I was unsure of where exactly we would find the scene of the crime and how we would recognise it.
“As much as I would like to lavish you with all the tenderness you deserve, I am afraid that further discussion of these gentler emotions must wait.” Holmes sighed. “The matter of those inventive amateur occultists must be dealt with.”
Then Mrs Hambleton removed the lens cap, and Holmes reeled back as though he’d been struck. His looking-glass eyes slammed closed, any last sign of colour in his face disappeared, and his entire body went limp. For a long moment I was unsure he still drew breath.
Her voice cut out, and before Holmes or I could ask her to continue, Mrs Hudson’s wife, Mrs Turner,  brought in the tea. Ms Conliffe remained silent as her drink was poured and did not speak again until she had taken a long, slow sip.
It felt like I’d been watching forever, that I would be watching forever, but as the photograph reset and Holmes drowned by my hand once more, I felt a pressure on my arm. I startled, turning to see what had touched me.
Immediately, guilt washed over me. It had completely slipped my mind over the rush of the day’s events, but it was only that morning that Holmes was still trapped in the chains of melancholy. As I looked at him, I traced the lines of sorrow present on his expression and knew that below his pale mask, the spectre of his misery still lurked.
The chalk muzzle stretched as the creature strained forward, and though I could not tear my eyes from the atrocity being committed before me, I was suddenly aware that I was no longer pinned to the ground.
It growled, and it sounded like an equation.
“A bit of an odd reaction, but no matter,” said Mrs Hambleton. “It’s your turn now, Doctor.”
But it was more than a realisation, it was pressure.
There was no means for us to fight back. Mr Hambleton’s robust physique was not merely for show, and it seemed that his sons had inherited his martial skill to devastating effect. It was an embarrassingly short time before I found myself pinned to the floor by one of the sons, and Holmes was trapped by Mr Hambleton’s impressive grip.
“I suppose that rules out natural animals as murder suspects.” I said.
“Hello Janet,” I said, “it’s a pleasure to meet you. My name is John, and I’m a friend of your fiancé’s.”
How can I describe the feeling? The body was warm and hairy, but occasionally the lines crossed under my fingers, bearing the shocking chill of uniformity. The constant shifting between depth and flatness was vaguely nauseating, but I kept my hold gentle as Holmes approached, tome in hand, and began to chant.
He was correct, of course, but the comment stung regardless.
“Who are you?” He asked.
They turned to us, and that mathematical growl reverberated from their chest, rippling the pool of blood around them.
I was ignorant of this. But the sea is deep, and my presence did not go unnoticed.
The Hambletons had already taken their seats, leaving the two of us no choice but to join them. The rich, oily smell of cooked human only got stronger as Mrs Hambleton removed the cloche at the table’s centre, revealing a glazed cut of meat.
Ms Talbot leaned forward, and I tried to keep my voice steady. “Your Gina and you are meant to be married soon, aren’t you? She told me you’ve been working ever so hard to plan it all, she sounded so proud.”
“So it was Ms Talbot who committed the murders?” I said. It was a sickening thought, that she was the one who killed her fiancé’s brother.
My dear Watson,
The Hambleton’s parlour was not a handsome sight, for it had the singular effect of forcing its multitudinous trinkets into your vision with no regard for reason or decency. It was a mess of hunting trophies, framed photographs, and glass figurines that assaulted the senses and quite disguised the fact that there were people located somewhere in the disarray.
But the precious burden in my arms clung to me, growing colder by the moment, reminding me of my purpose.
“I don’t believe the blame can be rested on her shoulders,” Holmes said. “If these notes are to be relied on, she is merely a vessel for another being’s intelligence, something which itself is bound by chalk to the Hambletons. It seems her role in this experiment is simply as a meat suit for our foreign visitor to wear.”
Holmes spent the meal staring at me with those incredible, unworldly eyes, forcing me to watch my own tiny reflection morosely finish off a bowl of soup as he shredded his bread roll.
He looked up at me, and in his eyes I saw myself, just as I was before.
“Possessed?” I yelped.
The man pinning me to the floor laughed. “Sounds like it’s rowdy tonight. You’re in for a fun time.”
Ms Talbot’s body was still, but the lines infesting it were moving in fits and starts, forcing the skin flat and moving in terrible angles, so I moved to address them.
I shut my eyes, for I could not face him like this. “Don’t act as though this is normal.”
“Would being the operative word, my dear, for not everyone shares your incredible sense of duty, nor your kindness. I daresay I wouldn’t have approached Ms Talbot like that, much less offered her such compassionate understanding.”
He was right, I did not like that we were heading off to the cliffs, and based on my reflection my face was doing a poor job of concealing that fact.
Holmes was still lying prone on the floor, so I grabbed at his hands and dragged him to his feet. Once there, he stood on his own power but his expression remained dazed. Whatever had happened to him would have to wait, however, because I was pulling him along, out the of dining room, down the hallways, past the parlour to the front door, out to the immaculate lawns. I was running and pulling him with me, but once we were outside I had no idea where to flee.
His eyes were grey. It is a memory I will cherish to my dying day.
Holmes, if he felt any such emotion himself, concealed it, and struck at the door knocker with an insouciance that bordered on arrogance.
“So what’s to become of us?” Holmes asked, seemingly indifferent to his compromised position. “Are we to become your test subjects?”
Holmes turned to me, and in his eyes I could see my befuddled expression even as his own mouth twitched. “Clearly you should climb more trees, Watson, because if you had, you might have seen that the walk from here to the Hambleton estate is a straight line.”
But that is enough equivocating. It is now clear that I should start from the beginning.
“You always help.” he said. “Just by being here, with me, you help.”
But Holmes’ sangfroid never wavered, and he placed a large slice of meat on his own plate as he frittered on about how curious he was about local affairs, of the lay of the land for hunting, and whether the family entertained much company. His composure was a rock to which I clung as the meal progressed, as the conversation ground on, and as the meat from Holmes’ plate slowly disappeared, though his fork never passed his lips.
“I must ask you to be specific,” Holmes cut in, “What impulses are you referring to?”
“My dear fellow, you should call her by her name.” Holmes said as he flipped through the pages. “I believe that is our missing Ms Talbot.”
I wouldn’t be much of a detective if I couldn’t figure out your feelings for me, but it seems that we must work on your deductive reasoning, my dearest, for if you can’t tell that I love you as well, then I’m afraid you’re something of a lost cause.
Holmes must have noticed, for he tried to draw me into his investigations, introducing me to every person we spoke with, pointing out landmarks of interest, and insisting that we stop for lunch at a local pub, which, to his credit, did provide a reprieve for my knee, which was aching by the time we sat down.
“It is our duty to ensure that no further harm comes to Ms Talbot, both physically and emotionally.” I reasoned. “We can return after we have ensured her future care.”
But it was foolish of me to think that the battle was yet over.
Eventually, all the plates were empty, and Mr Hambleton rose to his feet, glass in hand.
I wish I did not know this. But that moment it was a blessing that I did.
I was forced to watch, pinned to the floor, as Holmes writhed under Mr Hambleton’s grip, twisting and thrashing against his captor. He tried to bite at Hambleton’s skin, his eyes rolling like a man possessed, his breathing harsh and uneven as he did everything in his power to escape, only to grow more and more frantic as he failed to succeed.
I saw the scales marring my face, the fins jutting out over my ears and under my hair. I saw the malformed slits of my gills peeking out from my shirt collar. I saw the way my own eyes bulged slightly, and I watched, horrified, as a transparent eyelid slid across my distended pupils.
With Holmes' hand in mine, we sprinted across the lawns towards the cliffs. This must have been the path that the previous victims ran, but in my panicked state I could think of no better place to go.
“I beg your pardon?” I said.
Holmes still hadn’t moved by the time I returned with the tea, but he did not protest as I removed his hands from beneath the blanket and wrapped his cold fingers around the teacup. It was only when I took my own teacup and sat beside him that he finally turned to face me and stared.
Holmes introduced us as Doctor Parker and Mr Jones, explaining that we were hikers who had hoped to see the cliffside, but got lost in the forest and now feared we would not be able to find our way back to the nearby town.
And thus I found the solution.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Did she mention her business?” I asked.
I will begin with the facts I know. I was once a ship’s surgeon. I was very skilled at my job. I assisted all those who needed my services, and in doing so touched the lives of nearly every sailor I encountered. It was through this that I unwittingly became a locus, a fixed point upon which the powers of life and death circled, and as I continued my work, saving patients and failing them, this cycle transformed me, just barely, into something occult.
And so the three of us found ourselves seated, awaiting Mrs Hudson’s excellent brew, as our guest explained what brought her to our door.
I pulled it down, and there, standing out against the flat, grey background, was Sherlock Holmes.
I cannot describe how it felt, in that moment, to have all my fears, every anxiety I had nursed for over a decade, be washed away by the simple balm of Holmes’ words. He had known what I was the whole time, and still he singled me out for friendship, gifting me with affection and intimacy for the sole reason that I needed it.
In the centre crouched Ms Talbot and the lines.
The sound of the ocean, once an omnipresent piece of my life as a ship’s surgeon, was a source of disquiet for me now. I do not like to dwell on the events that lead to my discharge from the navy, but there, with that crashing, ceaseless noise lurking on the edge of my mind, I found I could not banish the siren call of the depths, nor the memory of the ways it had changed me.
“But you don’t think so.” said Holmes.
Against the protest of my leg, I lowered myself to a kneeling position. Ms Talbot, or perhaps her alien inhabitant, growled at me, a sound full of cosines and tangents, but I remained where I was. It was there, from my place on the blood-covered floor, that I extended my arms and spoke to both of them.
“Let’s go back to the kitchen,” I said. “There was a fireplace we can use to burn that wretched thing.”
Perhaps noting my silent panic, Holmes leaned back in his chair and sniffed. “I don’t see what that has to do with us.”
His eyes have always been his most striking feature. It is impossible to tell their colour, for the most apparent aspect of Holmes’ eyes is that they reflect far too much. Some reflection on the eyes’ surface is to be expected, especially in areas with large amounts of light, but to look at Holmes’ irises is to gaze into the world’s smallest mirrors. I could see myself perfectly, unshaved stubble and rumpled nightshirt on full display, as he met my eyes.
I will do my utmost to describe the creature which crawled into the room, but I doubt that the appearance of that tortured animal can ever truly be described in any language from our world.
“I could go alone,” Holmes said.
But more pressing is what Ms Talbot’s impending nuptials brings to my own mind. Namely, what force might compel two people to spend the whole of their lives together.
A small laugh escaped my lips, and Holmes’ arms tightened around me, gently rocking us back and forth. “But that was of little import,” he said. “Just as obvious as the ocean’s marks was your nature, clear as day.”
I love you so dearly, and I have loved you for so long, that I find I cannot speak the words to you. I beg you to forgive me for this cowardice. I will instead leave this manuscript on the coffee table, where you will thumb through it the next time you are bored.
I obeyed his directions, and once I was positioned at the back of the pantry, Holmes joined me, one hand on the doorknob and the other holding the now soap-covered broom. The moment I realised his aim, he had already raised his arm, and it was too late to stop him.
But Holmes wanted me more, and he’s the one who pulled us to our feet and started our limping journey inland.
Mrs Hudson shook her head. “I’m afraid she didn’t say anything specific. She was in a quite a state of agitation and kept repeating that she needed your help.”
“But right now, you can’t get married, and you can’t run free.” I said, “This place isn’t good for either of you. Neither of you deserve to be trapped like this, and we want to help you.” I swallowed around the growing lump in my throat. “Please let us help you.”
Ms Conliffe pursed her lips, raising a hand to her mouth before speaking. “Janet is, well, she’s one of those indisposed at the height of the lunar cycle, so most people assumed she’d given into her darker nature and taken flight.”
Since I was still cradling her head, she did not fall to the ground, and I was able to manoeuvre her onto one of the less bloody divans with little difficulty. From there, I took the least filthy throw blanket and covered her naked body. It was the most dignity I could offer her under the circumstances.
“Ah yes, hunting is a passion of mine, you see, it is a most engaging pursuit for the country gentleman…”
I find myself able, at long last, to express those words I have hidden away for fear that they would be unwelcome. I can face that beast that stalks me. I can name that nameless thing that touches my every interaction, our every interaction, and exorcise my doubts.
When we were not immediately set upon by teeth or lines, Holmes’ shoulders lost a rigidity I had not heretofore noticed, and he walked over to the table to collect the Hambleton’s tome.
I had never seen a photograph of my dear friend before, nor had I ever seen a photograph in colour, so I held it close for examination, which is why I saw the exact moment it started to move.
I could not cry with my eyes transformed, but my trembles returned in force.
But Holmes’ hand in mine was growing colder, and if I followed the call of the deep he would drown.
I had so many questions. Was this something he had done to himself? Was it forced upon him? Who were the Sherlocks I saw in dying in the photographs? Were they real? Imagined? What were the repercussions? Did it hurt?
From the bowels of the house I heard a mathematical shriek, and I knew our two minutes were up.
I have seen Sherlock Holmes face down armed cultists, pacify enraged monsters, exorcise lingering spirits, and punch a police officer in the nose. He approached every challenge with a devil-may-care nonchalance that has vexed me for years, but has always reassured me, in my heart of hearts, that he could look after himself, and that he could face any problem and come out the victor.
After mere seconds, I turned away, unable to bear its distorted appearance, and instead found Holmes standing by one of the utensil-cluttered tables, leafing through a thick tome.
“Yes, my dear fellow. There was a human somewhere in there, but those lines are not of this world. I fear that they might do some great harm if they are not returned to their place of origin.” Holmes’ shoulders slumped, and he closed his eyes. “Just like that photograph of me will certainly do some great harm if it isn’t burned.”
We were silent until we reached the lawn, and then Holmes leaned against me, resting his head on my shoulder, which, I only now realised, felt clear of scales.
I turned to ask Holmes what he had seen that I inevitably missed and found he had disappeared. I will blame the proximity of the ocean’s waves and the staged nature of the crime scene, but I quite panicked when I realised he was gone, and was about to shout his name when a branch fell onto my shoulder.
We were forced to stop there, just barely out of the water, for our strength had deserted us after our last fight against the sea.
“A client?” Holmes said. His tone was a far cry from his monotone words earlier. “Give us a moment to dress, Mrs Hudson, and then send her along.” Holmes was off the window seat and halfway across the sitting room before I could react. “And send your wife up with some more tea for our guest, we seem to have run out.”
Holmes emerged from the pantry, carrying a broom and a damp cake of soap. “I appreciate the faith you have placed in me, and to that end, I will ask that you join me in the pantry, for I am about to do something extremely foolish.”
And so I write this as I have written every story about Sherlock Holmes: as a love letter. As a confession. As a gift to you, the most incredible person I have ever had the honour of knowing. I know now that you can never see yourself in a photograph, so I hope here to record you here in all your glory, with all your foibles, showing you all the ways in which you shine in my eyes.
“Do pardon our intrusion,” said Holmes, “But myself and my travelling companion seem to have lost the trail. Might we ask for some directions, please?”
Holmes and I readily agreed, and Mrs Hambleton departed to prepare dinner. It once again struck me as strange that a house of this size did not seem to have any servants, especially since the grounds were so well maintained and the rooms dust-free.
“Oh thank you ever so much,” Holmes simpered, “I was afraid we’d be stuck wandering the forest for years.”
But inevitably, each one met the same fate, and I could not put down the photograph. I could not look away.
“Yes, I suppose they must,” I said, and gingerly prised myself out from his embrace so I could face him. “I shouldn’t like to face that horrible creature again.”
Ms Conliffe’s voice cracked, and she covered her face with a blue handkerchief. I leaned forward to pour her another cup of tea, and when I lightly pressed her shoulder, she took the glass from my hand in silence.
Holmes snorted, and the rudeness of it shocked me out of my trembling. “If you believe that I was in any position to turn down a roommate, then you’re more fool than fish. I would have accepted a blood-drunk ghoul if they paid their share of the rent on time.”
I wish I could say that I rejected it, that I was stronger than that cursed siren call, but in reality every piece of me longed to sink lower and disappear into the depths, where I would be cherished and adored by the endless, ageless sea.
“I’m afraid I wasn’t in a position to identify our attacker,” said Holmes. “But I am confident in saying that our erstwhile pursuer was possessed.”
I looked back at that gruesome photograph just in time to watch Holmes dash himself on the rocks of the beach, coating them with his blood. Holmes, the real Holmes, placed his fingers under my chin and moved my head so I could no longer see it.
It was only as we entered the kitchen that we first heard the sounds of habitation. Through the half-open door resting on the far wall, light voices and heady laughter echoed along the hallway, no doubt from the family’s quarters.
“And I assume your other victims felt the same?” Holmes drawled. I went to grab the table knife, only to discover that it was blunt.
“Surely there is something we can do to calm it.” I said. “If what you say is true and those lines aren’t here on their own volition, then shouldn’t we permit them some measure of respect?”
And then I was gone, ripped from my ship, torn out into the storm and under the waves, dragged downwards until my lungs were crushed and my bones broken, until I wasn’t a man anymore, but rather something forgotten, something distant and faint.
The hotel was decent, not filthy, but it still put Sherlock on edge.  He didn’t feel any sort of attraction to Mark or was it Mike?  He had deleted it already knowing he was merely a means to an end.  He would never see this man again.   If it had been up to Sherlock, a simple message saying “interested in casual sex only” with a place and a time to meet would have been perfect.  The chance to deduce if a person was, in fact, a serial killer or not, he supposed, was helpful though.
John raised an eyebrow.  “You want me to edge you tonight?”
A month later and John hadn't had to treat Sherlock for any injuries at all. If anything, Sherlock had become more careful than ever. He actually left the tracking down of criminals to Scotland Yard and turned down the chases through back alleys and leaping from roof to roof. It was BORING. He actually stopped bringing toxic substances into the flat altogether. It was an obvious work around for their deal about not letting injuries go without proper treatment.
“Oh, I didn’t get out a johnny.  Hang on … I’m sure I can strum one up.”
Sherlock nodded.  “I can be … gentle.”
John came into the room with a distinctive air about him.  Undoubtedly, he had already texted Mycroft about the fate of the Serbian prison and all of those employed within and undoubtedly there were very diplomatic phrases about how the British government had felt it within the best interest of the people to rid the planet of every brick and blood cell contained toot fucking sweet and with great prejudice.  John would feel some relief that his abusers were dead, he would also feel robbed of the pleasure of it being by his own hand or having at least played some part in it.
“Nothing.  Are you hurt?”
“I’m completely satisfied with our sex life.  Last night … look I know that wasn’t the most comfortable …”
Sherlock nodded, stiffly.
John sighed, but grabbed a tea towel from the kitchen and complied, sitting at the end of the sofa.  Sherlock nudged him down just a little bit and then put a pillow at the end of the sofa, over the arm.  He then laid down over John’s lap, on his side facing John, his head on the pillow.  Bending his knees up  a bit had him curled around John’s body with their bellies against each other.  Sherlock tucked in the covers around them and closed his eyes.
“Okay, enough Cluedo for you.”
“It’s easier on you if we do it that way.”
“Molly?  What has she to do with this?”
“You’re really not going to turn around or anything then?”
John nodded minutely.  “What else?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “John, we can christen the sofa anytime you like, or the kitchen table or over the sink if you’d rather, but I like the lighting in your room and I have every intention of using that light to look over every single centimeter of you this time.  I have yet to see you completely naked and am finding that highly frustrating at the moment so shall we continue?”
“I still wouldn’t be able to work your cock.”
Sherlock nudged closer.  “Can I have a look?”
John growled into Sherlock’s ear.  “Yes, I’m dragging you into the bedroom just like a sodding caveman.”
“So now that the scores are in, we should just … have a romp then?”
Sherlock gave a mock scowl.
Thankfully, Sherlock had the forsight to remove his own coat before the ambulance showed up. They did cut away any clothing that was in the way of doing a proper assessment of his wounds and also to started an IV in his arm. Sherlock was annoyed they wouldn't allow him to remove his favorite purple shirt because of the "spine precautions". That young, new constable looked smug when they loaded Sherlock onto a gurney with a full neck brace and back board. John helped them load Sherlock into the back of the ambulance and told Sherlock he'd meet him at A&E.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “The gunshot wound is not an exit wound.”
"Mycroft?!"
“No worries.”
“How about you let me be the judge of that?”
“You are preferable to A&E, yes.”
John put on his best Captain Watson face.  “You will do no such thing.  Mycroft will send someone who has been nothing less than fully vetted.  He will have vetted the person’s family and neighbors and his sodding cat as well.”
"He won't let me call an ambulance, of course, but that leg is bleeding pretty good, right?" Lestrade said kneeling down to talk to John.
“I just don’t want you to think I’m pressuring you.”
“She does now.”
John nodded stiffly.  “All right then.”
“It won’t last.  It can’t.  I’m so … so close.”
Sherlock got himself back under control and moved more gracefully to a standing position, pushing John to stand as well.  “As I said, I’m fine.  I apologize if I woke you.  Won’t happen again, I assure you.”
“You better kiss me, John.”
“Why wouldn’t you?  You said it happens all the time.”
Sherlock turned and looked at John over his shoulder.  “See!  What do I say about making premature assumptions before you have all the facts?”  He locked eyes with John.  They both broke out into face-splitting grins and didn’t even try to contain their laughter.
,’ he told himself once again.
I moved closer.  “John, your intention is to have sex with me?”  Right now?  There is no romance or sense of wonderment that I had hoped our first time would be like.  I had thought we might spend time talking, working out what our feelings were, come up with a plan about how things might progress between us.  This was not right.  John was always surprising him, however.  Never one to play the expected hand.
“Hmm … oh, right.”  John collected himself, stilling his hands on each of Sherlock’s hips.  “No, I mean, I need to get the sample.  I know it’s not the most romantic thing I’ll probably ever say, but, trust me, I’ll make up for it in time.”
Sherlock grabbed John’s waist and pulled them upward together and pulled out eliciting a wince from John.  “Sorry, sorry.”  He pulled off the condom and binned it.
John shook his head and attempted to pull away.
Sherlock moaned.  “You say the most romantic things, John.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to respond but quickly shut it again and smiled as John answered for him.  “Doesn’t speak a lick of English, I’m afraid.”  John interjected before Sherlock had a chance to answer.
After a few games of Cluedo, in which Sherlock deduced that the death of the Black Dog, who, in fact, was not dead, Mrs Peacock then committed suicide and Mr Boddy did hide the body next to the dog’s in the billiard room.  Who buries a dog in a billiard room anyway?
Sherlock nodded in response.
“Or you could start going to therapy like I’ve said for months,” John shrugged his shoulders indifferent to his flatmate’s drama.
“John, listen to me.  You’re not relaxing.  You’ve tensed up.  Take a breath.”
“So you had no sooner been raped and tortured in a Serbian prison for eight weeks, been rescued and then found me before I beat the living hell out of you?”  John stood, pacing the floor.  “Jeezus fucking Christ, Sherlock.  And you … you let me just pummel you even though … fuck.”  John took a few deep breaths.  “God, I’m so fucking sorry, Sherlock.”
Sherlock moaned and then seemingly stopped himself as though the sound had escaped without his permission.
“JOHN!!  Oh, fuck!  John please … please …”
“Oh you do exaggerate quite a bit, don’t you?”  Sherlock acquiesced though, sinking his torso onto the table and letting his right leg go limp.
Sherlock put his arms back into his dressing gown and pulled it back around himself.  “Shall I lie down next?”
“Yes.  I’ll need seminal fluid, but I’m not doing that today.  You’ve been examined and depleted of enough fluids for one day.  It seems sort of tail to top the order I’ve done things but I’m going to do a complete physical on you tomorrow.  I’ll get the sample then.”
John finished kissing Sherlock’s ribs then moved up one arm, kissing the sensitive skin on the underside until he finally kissed their joined hands then kissed Sherlock’s lips once more.  “I’m going to suck your cock.”
“Sure.”  Must be the grand finale coming up, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock brushed his lips against the skin that was immediately available to him at his shoulder.  John was perfect.  Sherlock bit his own lip and waited for John to pull away, tell him it was a bad idea.  He waited and then, it didn’t happen.  John let him lay there next to him, moving his lips against John’s shoulder and rest his leg on John’s thigh.  The warmth in his belly gained momentum and the distracting smells and noises became quiet.  Sherlock pulled his own elbow up underneath him a bit and was able to reach John’s jaw and neck and ear.  He kissed him tentatively, nipping at skin and breathing in pure concentrated John and it was glorious.  To his surprise, John kissed him back.  Sherlock knew John was a true friend, but to prove it like this … he didn’t know if he could ever repay this favor, or even If he should actually accept it in the first place.
If Sherlock was going to be a brat and essentially stick his fingers in his ears every time John tried to talk to him, well John wasn’t about to be railroaded out of Sherlock’s life.
“Yes, well… to that end, I bought an … aid, if you will, to help you.”
John listened to that voice, that calming, sexy, voice as he lazily pulled his hands up Sherlock’s arms, feeling the tight muscles contracted there, up around to his shoulders, locked in place, hovering above him.  He tugged slightly at those beautiful dark curls at the nape of his neck before his fingertips traced the line straight down Sherlock’s spine, guarded on each side by the contracted muscles.  John named the muscles easily in his head as his fingers danced along the broad expanse.  Finally they met with the beautiful swell and the base of his spine into those gorgeous fleshy ass cheeks.  Gently, ghosting over as his spine continued down into the crack of Sherlock’s ass, his coccyx.  Each hand separated, grabbing handfuls of the flesh above him, kneeding them.  The muscles tensed in his hand and he felt Sherlock’s cock push into him once more.  He couldn’t stop the gasp but couldn’t help but revel at the feel of muscle in Sherlock’s gluteus that caused the action.
Sherlock looked disgusted. “For what?”
“That wasn’t the tune you were singing ten minutes ago was it?”
“John, don’t be absurd.”
John looked confused.
The ride had been blessedly silent, Mycroft still fuming about the shower he had taken.
“Thank you.”
“John!”  Sherlock moaned.  “Please … ugh…”
“No,” Sherlock leaned in closer.  “Not you.  You’re … different.  You’re tolerable.”
“No, I wouldn’t do that.  Bending your hip might compress the blood vessels and cut off the circulation to your leg.”  John squared his jaw, “But you already knew that, right?”
“Look at what?  I said I’m fine.”  Sherlock pulled his covers up to his neck and rolled onto his side, facing away from John.
“Alright.  Why do we have need of them anyway?”
“Yes, of course.  You were a bit squeamish at first.”
“You need me to be your heating pad?”
“John I’ve already washed it, obviously.  It still itches.”
Sherlock gave an over-dramatized sigh, “dull,” he proclaimed.  “I know all about that.  You are my doctor and you were treating me.  I understand.”
Sherlock was obviously back with the program, kissing John back, running his hands desperately along John’s body.  “Sherlock, have you ever been penetrated before?”
Suddenly he pulled away, grabbed my hand to place the packets within it and turned onto his stomach, pillow under his hips.  “Go on, then.  It’s yours.”
“Miscalculated?  He sexually assaulted you.”
“It was for the betterment of mankind.  I shouldn’t be bothered with niceties.”
“That’s because you don’t pay attention to the rules.”
“Just relax and let me in, okay?”
“Okay, okay.  We’ll get you sorted out.  No worries.”
“And I would rather be delirious with fever than feel nauseated.  I cannot tolerate the sensation of ejecting my stomach contents.  It’s disgusting.  And it hurts,” Sherlock added.
“John, what’s mine?  You keep saying that.”
John sighed and looked to Sylvia.  “I’ll just go ahead and handle this one then.”
“When you bite your lip, it makes me want to bite it myself,” John confessed.
Slowly, John’s thoughts attempted to find the answer to Sherlock’s question.  He knew the answer was somewhere within his brain.  “Yes … yes, top drawer.  Nightstand.”
He felt John wiggle underneath him to disengage his cock from John’s body then he was being pushed to one side.  He wasn’t sure he felt his limbs or could make them work anymore so thank God John was strong enough to move him.
“Tetanus?”
“Y…yesh … fine,” Sherlock drawled sleepily.
Finally, John finished, Sherlock stroking him to completion and through the aftershocks.  His breath calming.  Sherlock remained inside of him.
Sherlock had guessed John was with Lestrade at the nearest watering hole, commiserating about his miserable flatmate.  Lestrade sent Sherlock a text later in the evening confirming that he had just met up with him and that John had a definite headstart on the pints.  Sherlock decided to make himself scarce and avoid the drunken “but I love you scene” so he had gone to bed early.
John moved his tongue around in his mouth attempting to get rid of the grating feel and taste of wood on his tongue.  “Blah … I hate that.”  He watched Sherlock toss the stick into the trash bin.  “Hope that was good for you,” John deadpanned.
“John, relax.  You’re hyperaware of everything I’m doing to your arse.  Concentrate on my mouth on your cock.”  As a demonstration, he took me into that wet heat once more.
I let out a breath and pinched the bridge of my nose.  “Can we just get to the point, please?”
“Yes, that’s the story of my life.”
“So, I did the exam.”
John nodded in agreement and gave a tight-lipped smirk.  “What made you go down that alley?”  John grabbed his med kit under the counter and started pulling supplies.
I rode his hand while he was nailing that mind-melting spot and licking my cock and ….pinching a nipple…damn…how coordinated.  Fuck.
“Sherlock?”  John asked.
“You what?”
“Excellent deduction.”
“Haven’t you ever taken time during pillow talk with someone to just explore them?”
John nodded his head once.  “Right, well.  It would seem that I did come to some incorrect deductions.”
By the time they waved their thanks to Malcolm for the distraction, made it to the street, hailed a cab and were on their way to St Bart’s, they were laughing hysterically.
“Did you eat something that didn’t agree with you?”
“I don’t think that will be a hardship.”
“It is NOT nothing!”  Lestrade interjected.  “He’s been stabbed,” he said with alarm evident in his voice.
“Want me?” John asked as the corner of his mouth twitched with anticipation.
“My research indicates that it is the optimal position for first-time penetration.  Well, me on top sitting astride you is supposedly the best position, but I don’t want to do that if you don’t mind.”  Sherlock was rambling.  “I did some research on condoms and I think I picked out the correct size for your …”
Skeptically, I attempted to relax.  Every muscle set, one by one, I made to release the tension as his hands roamed comfortingly over my body.  He re-situated the pillows and pulled me closer into him.  One hand reached under me, around my side to grasp my prick.  Slowly he stroked my cock while the other hand wandered all over me.  He was so warm against my backside.
Sherlock snickered shortly.
“I know.  I’ll be careful.”  Sherlock flipped open the cap and placed a generous amount of the gooey substance onto two of his fingers before kneeling between John’s knees.
“Suspected what?”  John tossed his gown back down as he felt Sherlock’s assessing gaze focused strictly on John’s cock.
“You are embarrassed about this marring of your flesh.  You don’t leave your shirt off very often, not even after you leave the shower or when it’s very hot, not even when you are with a woman.  You hide it as though it is a nuisance or a reminder of a person you no longer see yourself in or a painful past.  I see it as beautiful.”  Sherlock reached out a tentative hand to touch it.  “It’s …”
John let out a long sigh.
John finished the exam and covered Sherlock back up again moving away and pulling off his gloves.  “Well, you’re forgetting about the Personal Trainer.”
“Ungh … gawd …”  was about all the sound Sherlock could muster at the moment.  He felt John’s denim-clad cock press against his backside, grind into him.  A strong arm held him tightly around the waist as kisses were rained down upon his back, right down the center over his spinal column.  He let out a breathy “Oh” as he realized he was being bent over, lowered to the bed.  “Well done, Doctor.  Well done indeed.”  Instead of feeling the coldness of overexposure to his backside though, he felt John right up against him, keeping him warm.  So much less awkward.
“I should hope not given what you’re about to do to it.”  They both laughed once more.
“Just me.  Relax.”
“I am freezing!” Sherlock stated more as a demand to fix it rather than a stating a fact.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.  “You are an idiot, you know.”
Sherlock smiled and rubbed John’s shoulder, falling way to the sleepy post-coital haze he was expecting.  “Good.  Maybe I can get my sample then?”
“Good.”  John pulled the sheet back to look at the position his patient was in.  “Bring yourself down until you feel my hand against your bum.”  Sherlock adjusted himself.  “Perfect.  I’m just going to bend your legs just so.”  He pulled the sheet down over the man’s private parts as much as possible given the position as he placed each of Sherlock’s legs into the stirrups.  “Alright then.  I’m just going to put more lubricant onto the scope.”
John snickered.  “Got it.”  John looked at his watch once again.  “So he’ll be in on a Saturday then?”
“The extent?”
“Probably a bit shocky after the adrenaline is wearing off.  We’ll have you sorted shortly.”
“Sherlock?”
John spent the five minutes making tea and brought in a fresh cup for Sherlock when he knocked and entered the room with his suture removal kit as well.  Sherlock was still dressed in his button-down shirt and socks but had taken his trousers off.  Either he took off his pants or his pants leg was hiked up to the crease of his groin.  John couldn’t tell because he was covered in a blanket from his chest to his knees with the blanket moved aside just enough for John to access the wound.
Sherlock looked innocent of the accusation at first, but then nodded in a noncommittal  way.
Sherlock sighed in gratitude.
He woke with a start, moving to the other side of the bed reflexively before he recognized the voice. “John!  What happened!?”
“Good.  Now I want you to concentrate on relaxing every muscle in your body and breathing.”
Sherlock scowled and proclaimed, “I’ll erase my profile but I am not texting my brother for a prostitute.  I will continue to miss sleep, my memory and my will to live will dwindle exponentially every day until I am but a shell of the man I once was.  I will die a bitter old man, alone and broken.  I hope that’s what you wanted.”
“Strip off your trousers and I’ll have a look at that hip then,” John instructed Sherlock as they made their way through the door of their flat.
“What!!”
“Mmm … I love you too, John, but pppllllleeease … I’m not even sure this is healthy anymore,” Sherlock whined gesturing toward his own cock.
“Not surprised.  You were very careful.”
“Alright then.  You up for a little breaking and entering then?”
“Tell me.”  I breathed into his neck.  I kissed his ear.  I brought his arms down to his sides.  I’m confident he’s not going to slam me and run away at this point.  The touch of his flesh wakes up long repressed emotions.
“Who is ‘we’?”
“I’m not afraid of you, John.”
Sherlock ground his teeth and cursed Mycroft.  He continued to work.  “Why do you ask?”
Sherlock groaned.  “Please … I hate vomiting, John.”  He put his hand over his mouth quickly as though the act itself was an imminent event.  Sherlock took deep, slow, purposeful breaths and closed his eyes, apparently attempting to prevent the hated action.
“That was you, I know.”  John shook his head and stood, pulling his jumper up over his head, folding it and placing it neatly on the counter.  “I’m stripping off down to my boxers.”
“I thought we were only here for the scope?”
“Go to bed, John.  I’m fine.”  John heard coming from behind the door.
John vaguely noticed Sherlock talking to someone and registered that as a bit odd before the man moved as though startled, pulled out a knife and quickly stabbed Sherlock before taking off at a dead run.
“Alright, good.”  He moved closer.  “Let’s get you into the stirrups then, shall we?”
“With you?  You wanted to …”  He huffed and looked away.  “All of this was just a game to you?  Is that it?”
“Actually, no.  Emeralds.”
Soon he was kissing my face and licking and nibbling my lips, my tongue.
Sherlock complied as quickly as he could but his body was sluggish, exhausted and needy.
“Can we just go home?”  He knew it was a long shot, but he suddenly felt very tired and ready for familiar surroundings.
Sherlock returned the smile.  “Always willing to make you more comfortable.”
His bed partner snorted in derision.  “Get serious, mate.”  He pushed forward but the slickened condom-covered cock slipped downward missing its mark.
“John.”
Sherlock blearily and begrudgingly opened one eye slightly.  Only enough to confirm his suspicions of Mycroft being in the room and then closed it again, sighing heavily.
“Indeed.”
“Not yours.”  He cleared his throat.  “Not healed ones.”
“Did you bring me prizes, darling?”  Sherlock mocked.
“Good.  We have to get you sorted and change the exam table paper.  Dr Mumford could be in at any time now.”
This was sickeningly familiar. Too many memories flooded forward, too many limbs in the bed unaccounted for, too many familiar smells, unappreciated touches, groping, apprehension that were not, one bit, making him forget.  That was what this was supposed to be about.  Forgetting.
John looked ashamed.  “I guess that wraps it all up with a bow then, doesn’t it.”  He stepped closer.  “Sher, I’m so sorry.  There is nothing I wanted more than to be with you properly and to stay with you.  I know I’ve been a sodding wanker, but, if I may, in my own defense, I was thinking of you … of your health.  You told me you wanted answers, that you didn’t want to wait.  I admit, piss-poor timing, but I didn’t want you to have to go through that again.  You needed me to think like a doctor for a few more minutes and I did, for you.  When I left you were completely blissed out.  I knew you hadn’t slept at all in at least 36 hours.  I thought you would sleep well after I got back from the lab.”
Sherlock took in a deep breath.  “That feels so much better, John.”
John grabbed Sherlock under his bottom and heaved him up tight against him.
“I’ll be right back.”
“Do you like that?”
“Ah, yes.  Here it is.”
John glanced over at Sherlock’s progress.  He hadn’t wanted to invade his privacy but curiosity got the better of him.  The pale expanse of skin caught his attention.  Long legs, pronounced hamstrings, swell of perfectly-shaped buttocks.  Holy jeez.  He only held his inappropriate gaze for a moment before he was able to professionally kick himself in the arse and get himself right before Sherlock turned around.
“Yes.”  I push up, his cock still inside me, impaling me deeply.  He moaned and quickly placed the pillow.  His dick pops out of my ass as I lurch forward.  Damn!
“You’re walking stiffly.  Did I hurt you last night?”
John closed the door after Mycroft left and shifted his weight a few times obviously trying to think of something to say.  He looked up toward Sherlock and opened his mouth, sighed and closed it again.  Sherlock shrugged and pulled his shirt from his trousers, beginning to move forward with the task at hand.
John warred with himself internally not sure if he could drop his own professional boundaries but the thought of being able to touch Sherlock, not as a doctor or a friend, was a huge carrot to dangle in front of him.  It took a few moments for what Sherlock was saying to actually sink in.  In retrospect, he supposed it wasn’t such an outlandish progression.  They were, essentially, lovers in every aspect of that word except for the physical one.  It appeared as though that barrier was being broken as well.  “And we can…?”
Sherlock swept into the room and noticed John’s look of wonder at the open door.  He was staring.  Sherlock wondered why he hadn’t invited the man in yet and what was so astonishing that he had forgotten all manners so he moved forward to get a view of the visitor.
John nodded.  In a clinical manner, he pulled the sheet downward, stopping at about the point he could barely see pubic hair and folded the sheet out of his way.  “Lift up a bit.”  Palms pressed against his sides as he rucked Sherlock’s top up to the middle of his flat abdomen.  He met his patient’s eyes. “This will be cold.”  After Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement, he applied the gel to his lower abdomen and then began moving the probe within the fluid.
“John.”
“Sorry?  Calculated what? Were you really trying to flirt with her?”  John asked sounding much more panicked than what he was going for.
Sherlock looked up at John with such agony and groaned, “please.”
They both moved about the room quickly, getting all of the equipment back in the correct order, removing their garbage and collecting their samples carefully.  By the time they went to leave, it looked like nobody had been there since the day before.  They turned the lights off in the exam suite and were just about to open the door when they heard the booming voice of Malcolm calling out for Dr Mumford.
“Oh!”  John felt the tip of Sherlock’s cock breach him.  “Ow, oh … God, Sherlock … uh … fuck!”
“How is it not?  It’s the most simple thing in the world.”
Sherlock spinned on him to face John closely.  “Why?”  Sherlock nearly whined.
“Oh, Sherlock.” John said with sympathy.  He grabbed a couple of flannels and ran them under the cool water in the sink before he knelt down next to him.  Speaking in soothing tones, John rubbed the cool cloth over the back of Sherlock’s neck.  “Think you’re done?”
Sherlock felt the blood drain from his face, the anger build in his chest
“No.  No, I did not say you were abnormal.  Don’t put words in my mouth, Sherlock,” he pointed the tweezers at him, “that is not what I meant at all.”
Sherlock smiled warmly.  “Why thank you, John.  How nice of you to say.”
Sherlock rose from the chair and started unbuttoning his trousers.  “I think there is lube in your kit,” he said as he headed toward the kitchen.
“Scrubs sound fine,” Sherlock hissed and reached back to scratch again.
“Right.”  John crossed his arms and waited.  “Off you go then.”
The club was veritably bulging with activity making the process of finding John more time consuming than I had planned.  He had a decent head-start on me and I hoped I wasn’t too late knowing what happened on these dance floors and, if rumor were true, in the back rooms.  I felt a knot of guilt in my gut for sending him down this path.  I do suppose my idea of a courting ritual might be a bit ambiguous at best.  It is not in John’s nature to compromise me or our friendship so he’s been the good soldier and decided to flush out his now questionable sexual orientation on his own.  Not what I had in mind at all.  Leave it to John to ruin what would have been an excellent plan.
John just about jumped out of his skin when Sherlock’s unmistakable voice boomed at him from the sitting room.  “What?  Why?”  His vision of quietly disrobing and cuddling up to Sherlock’s warm, blissed-out body had just been heart-breakingly shattered.
“You never cease to amaze me, John,” Sherlock said drowsily into John’s skin before John heard soft snoring.
“Boring.”
“I’m going to refer you to Ella.”
“Just take some deep breaths for me Sherlock.  You’re breathing too fast, try to control it, okay?”  John soothed as he continued his assessment of the laceration.
John lifted an eyebrow.  “You were raped.”
John reached down behind Sherlock’s bollocks, “it’s behind this space right here.  It’s what I’m doing when I draw circles on it with my thumbs.  You probably don’t notice it specifically because I usually have your cock in my mouth at the same time.”
“It just did.  I don’t know.  After it stopped, I stopped thinking about sex altogether, not wanting to reawaken the symptoms again.  It was distracting from my work anyway.  The swelling went down on its own.  I simply haven’t recognized the existence of my prostate again until now.”
It was always time that they had so much of.  First it was John dating woman after woman and never finding what he was searching for all the while flirting and defending Sherlock.  He knew John just needed time to realize what was in front of him.  Sherlock wouldn’t rock the boat himself because the work kept him occupied.  Caring is not an advantage.  He didn’t need the entanglement of him and John back then anyway.  He selfishly needed John to be his conductor of light and he had no experience in matters of the heart.  He would have messed it up and then he wouldn’t have him at all.  They had plenty of time to let the relationship mature and coalesce into something more.
“Janet is not the kind of woman to run off,” Ms Conliffe said, “she has more self-control than anyone I know, and she wouldn’t let her baser impulses overtake her.”
I know I was not a light burden. I weight a good many stone more than my dear friend, and I am sure I would be difficult for him to carry at that time even if I were not waterlogged. But Holmes, still pale from whatever sorcery the camera had cast on him, grabbed at my shoulders and heaved me back with a strength I had never seen in him before. He managed to pull me beyond the waves’ reach before collapsing on the ground, and he kept his hands circled around me as he panted.
He did not move as I approached him. He did not react as I leaned down to kiss his cheek. He did not react as I left to prepare some much-needed tea.
“Good morning, madam,” I said, “I am Dr John Watson. Please do take a seat, my friend will join us shortly.”
I tugged at Holmes’ sleeve and informed him of this news, in a soft whisper as to avoid detection, and watched as those incredible eyes narrowed and his mouth grew sharp. A moment later, his wide-eyed look of innocence had returned and he was smiling sheepishly at our hosts.
I was about to ask him what “it” was, but then the door opened and my question was answered.
“Well, my dear Watson,” Holmes said, his face breaking out in a grin, “it seems we have a new case.”
“Is it not normal for us?” asked Holmes. “I had thought that eleven years of escaping death by the occult presented something of a recurring trend.”
In the end, though, only one question really needed to be voiced.
One of the sons, I cannot recall which one was holding me down and which was standing, came forward and clamped his hands on both sides of Holmes’ face, forcing his head upwards and holding it firm before the camera.
He nodded, and we walked, hand in hand, through the halls of the house, all while that awful photograph dripped blood behind us. Once there, I set about collecting wood and tinder, and Holmes left me for the pantry, emerging with an armful of bottles that, upon closer inspection, revealed themselves to be cooking oils.
The door was opened by a young man just as stolid as the house and with red hair that rivalled the brickwork. Surprisingly, he wore a gentleman’s suit, rather than the clothing I would expect of a butler or servant.
Just as soon as I made this revelation, Holmes reached out his hand, which I met with my own.
I tried very hard not to gag. I’m not sure if I managed to conceal it.
Holmes pressed a kiss to my forehead. “I mean it was obvious that you were lonely, and that what you desired most in this world was a friend. I needed no deductive reasoning to see that, and I found it no burden at all to offer you my companionship.”
When I emerged, this time with clothing, I found that I was not the only person entering the room. A woman of perhaps forty, clad in a worn but neat dress, had just opened the sitting room door, so I stepped forward to shake her hand.
“Firstly, I must ask you where your brother’s body was found, and whether there are structures of any kind located in the vicinity.”
