"Yeah, sure, thanks for that, Mr Bloodloss. Now get up."
they're sort of flirting then, dancing around each other, waiting to see who'll crack first. dean takes to lurking in the kitchen, trying to persuade cas to tweak the recipies to make them more winchester-friendly; cas proves remarkably adept at phrasing double entendres in a way that doesn't get picked up by toddlers. they're both stubborn bastards though, and while there might well be more stolen kisses, which gradually get longer and deeper, it's six weeks before dean finally breaks. he's gone out to stargaze with cas, sitting on a rused bonnet with a beer in his hand and emmy being read her bedtime story by sam, and cas says something about venus being bright tonight, the star of lovers, sly grin on his mouth, and dean goes "oh it is, huh? well then" and grabs him by the collar. they're both a little hesitant still, and the making out is pretty lazy, but then cas shifts, rolls over so he's properly on top, and then it gets serious fast. dean mutters something about how it's a fuckin' shame cas can't still zap them indoors, then hauls cas off the car after him. he heads for the house, then sees bobby's study light on and sam on the couch and redirects, tugging cas over to the little outhouse cas saved him from a demon in all those months ago. later, cas appologises for not being able to 'zap' dean around, and dean stares at him then decides they may as well have this conversation now and says sure, he misses it, but if cas did he wouldn't have emmy, and also they might well not have this either, or certianly not the weird domestic thing they have going, which he's actually gotten kind of...used to.
Dean’s braced to take his weight but it’s still a shock and he barely manages to turn it into a controlled collapse, Cas in his arms with his head fallen sideways onto Dean’s shoulder.
and both Imp and the usually-stoic Kaz take off like Thread is behind them.
“Alrigh’, is that all of yeh?” Hagrid called. “Okay then, follow me!” He lead them off down a steep, narrow little path, actual trees pressing in on each side of them and earth soft under their feet. They walked for maybe ten minutes, with the other kids around him chatting excitedly but quietly, like they didn’t want to ruin the atmosphere, before Hagrid spoke again.
“I didn't ask. Again. If you would rather go back to the Lady Margaret...”
The guard nearest to him glanced at him, frowned, then said: “You could... call a servant?”
“Yeah, don't think she wants to know me.”
“Uh, he's twenty. Been there for almost two years now.” In the beginning, Dean had tried to pay his fees with the wages from whatever job he had been able to score, but he had run out of funds pretty freaking fast.
-” She gestured vaguely in the direction of the courtyard. “-is what you chose as your companion?”
The first person who stepped through was Gabriel.
When Mary moved on to grab a present of her own, Dean found Cas just looking at him with a soft smile.
In the evening, a bunch of people decided to watch some Christmas movies to get into the spirit. Cas, arguing that it was Christmas Eve, after all, managed to convince Dean to join in, so they sat on one of the new couches that had been added to the Dean Cave in Dean's absence, to give more people space to sit. It was crowded, but no one really seemed to mind, and they watched a version of the Grinch, which made Cas pretty thoughtful, and then some other silly movies. At some point though, Dean must have fallen asleep, because when he opened his eyes, his head was on Cas' shoulder and the room was mostly empty.
Dean averted his eyes. “I'm sure this if of no interest to you.”
“Sure know how to make a guy forget everything else,” Dean mumbled into the pillow.
“Are you shocked?” He had only ever told Meg, and she had looked at him as if he had grown another arm. He figured anyone would be disgusted by a weirdo like him.
Dean grinned. “I know, right?”
“So you knew about... but, uh, what about my feelings? I mean. It could have been one-sided.” When Castiel gave Dean a look, he shrugged. “What? It could have been.”
Dean had taught him a lot about lying over the years, and Castiel considered himself quite proficient at it at this point, having even fooled Sam and Dean at points in the past, though he felt guilty about that too.
Out in the yard, there were more people, and for all intents and purposes, the place looked similar to the courtyard, just with a little more naked skin and people sitting and standing a lot closer.
“Apologies. Perhaps we could get a textbook for me to learn it tomorrow.”
“I'll never get used to that whole 'your highness' business.” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Is she that expensive?” Dean didn't think that Cas would miss a few gold coins, given that he was willingly paying for Sam.
Cas snickered. “Yes.” This time, he pressed a kiss to Dean's chin. “I would ask you a thousand times if that would make you say yes.”
But what if Dean would never feel comfortable with this again? What if Cas wanted to do it and Dean would have to shoot him down all the time? What if... Dean was starting to feel a little unsteady on his feet, and was glad when Cas put a reassuring hand on his shoulder.
Castiel sighed. “Not many secrets to steal, I'm afraid, unless you're interested in the prices for roast beef throughout the kingdom.”
“Sure, shoot. Uh, my prince.” He bowed again, which still looked rather comical with his knees still against his chest, and Castiel couldn't help but smile. “Indecent is pretty much my job description.”
“Yes.” Castiel produced a small vial and his angel blade. He saw Ezekiel twitch at the sight of the weapon, but he stayed in the background, waiting. “I'm surprised that you're still in Heaven. Are you the new leader now?”
“Ah, Cassie! You're back.” He grinned. “I hear you've been having fun with Dean-o.”
“He might only be half angel, but that half? It's archangel, Dean. And apparently, it was enough.”
“Of course. Who am I to deny a Royal Companion their pie?”
“What are you here for, my Prince?”
“Do you want me to do something about that?” Dean gestured vaguely.
It was the middle of the night, and Dean hated waking up to nothing but darkness when it reminded him so much of his time under Michael. Whenever it hadn't been blood and fire, it had been darkness, swallowing him, drowning him. But at least right now, Cas was there, warm and solid against him, a reminder that he wasn't alone, that he hadn't drowned, that he was back. That he was okay.
“Was this all made for giants?” Dean asked as they ascended a set of stairs. A long, exhausting set of stairs.
Still, even if she was kind of a friend to him, that didn't mean he told her everything.
Dean laughed. “You can get so aggressive sometimes.”
Cas joined them again, Claire's present back in his hands, and he smiled as he unwrapped it, revealing a box with two figurines in them. One of them was holding a knife that looked suspiciously like an angel blade, dressed in jeans and a denim jacket. The other one was wearing a beige trench coat.
When they got back to the others, Dean was holding Cas' hand, his heart beating a mile a minute. He had decided to fuck it, that anyone who wouldn't like it could kiss his ass, but that didn't mean he wasn't still nervous. After some twenty or so years of desperately trying to hide his sexuality from his family and the world, it was hard to be so open about it, though ironically it also felt like a huge weight was lifted from Dean's shoulders.
“Go wash your face, I’ll wait for you in the car, alright?”
“Alright,” the boy finally sighed with defeat, sliding down the headboard until his head was laying in the pillow. “But- but stay and- and wake me up if they come back, promise?”
“He’s been living with you for a month and a half, Dean,” she points out.
“I’m going to be okay,” Cas reassures him with a strained smile.
Castiel shrugs, fiddling somewhat nervously with his napkin. “I think you’d look good on a suit.”
“And you never wondered why?”
Dean stays quiet for a moment and looks down at his hands, choosing his words carefully before he decides to speak. Not a lot of people understand what he is, what it means, and in his experience, men are less open minded about his sexuality than women are. But this is Cas and if they’re going to be friends, he needs to know about Dean, they need to be able to talk about anything and everything, and Castiel has yet to ever made him feel bad about anything he says; he's a kind, understanding person, so Dean decides to tell him the truth.
"Then why can't I learn too?" Baltz frowned up at his father.
Cas sighed, genuinely annoyed with Dean; way to make him look like the bad guy.
“You okay, Sam? Do I have something on my face?” she sniffled, shifting with embarrassment, praying to God she didn't have something embarrassing in her face, not in front of Sam, please. She didn't seem put off by the man staring, just a bit taken aback by it.
His heart warmed a little at the list of songs the children liked; he recognised many of his own favourite artists there. These children weren’t his but
“This is different, I am serious,” Castiel shifted in his sit. Dean had to understand how serious the situation was. There would be no angel that’d spear him now, if they came across one.
Dean shrugs, uncomfortable discussing painful memories, not sure why he brought it up in the first place. “I wanted a break from being me for a while. I had to take care of Sammy all the time… I just wanted a break. The first week was fun, nobody seemed to realize I wasn’t supposed to be there. Terrible admin from the camp runners, if you ask me… By the second week I was afraid my dad wasn’t gonna come looking for me, you know? That he’d skipped town without me. That scared me shitless, I couldn’t just leave Sammy alone.”
When the music starts and their conversation is safely private, Dean reassures him in a softer tone this time, “seriously, though, we don’t have to do anything.”
“Why else would you be here?” Cas replied bluntly.
“No, it's not okay!” Mary argued, looking down at her brother for just a moment before she looked up and glanced back and forwards between both their parents. “You forgot Balthazar’s birthday!”
“I just-” Dean swallows. He feels a pressure on his chest, a ball of feelings; anticipation, nerves, eagerness, now sexual attraction too, affection, fear… “Dude, you’ve got a chick waiting for your downstairs,” he says instead of what he really wants to talk about, which is a hopeless and honest
"Okay, smartass. I was trying to give you a chance to start the conversation. You want a proper question?, cause I'll ask you a proper question about your feelings, brother, you know I will."
listen to me! Dean has been through enough and he deserves to be happy so you’re going to stop being a jerk to him! I don’t know
“I know what you’re afraid of, but you must know I would never take Jack away from you again, Dean, no matter what happens between us. You’re in our lives permanently… So just tell me, are you romantically interested in me?”
“—start with the spell, it’ll tap into your energy to help heal Cas. It’ll be very tiring, especially for a mortal. If the Latin is too complicated, you can switch to English but saying it in Latin will have a stronger effect.”
Dean wasn’t the only one having trouble sleeping. Cas had put Mary and Baltz to bed in their own separate rooms. Balthazar had fallen asleep just before Castiel finished reading him a book they’d bought earlier. Mary, in the other hand, stayed with her eyes opened in the dark, just like Dean, until she decided she wasn’t going to be able to sleep. She got out of bed, walking with her bare feet to her papa’s bedroom, where she found Cas sitting in a chair next to Zep’s crib, reading. Or trying to, at least, while he made a great effort not to spy into the false memories he had with Dean. They invaded his mind too often and made him miserable; they felt so close yet so far to reality. They were terribly distracting, so beautiful and so impossible...
“Alright,” the woman gave him an encouraging smile and continued writing in the notebook that laid in front of her.
next to him in bed and yet have his hands tied. Cas had already been building up sexual frustration
“You've said sometimes good people do bad things,” Balthazar knelt on his chair, leaning on the table. “Like the time you freed the devil.”
"We're not," Castiel agrees. His hands move towards his crotch and even with the party going downstairs, Dean is painfully aware of the sound of the zipper coming undone. "But you're a fool if you think you won't be thinking of me when you're with her. Now open wide, let me remind you how much you like this."
“Sam and Mary went to the library. They should be back soon,” Cas said when Dean didn’t say anything. “I was thinking we could have pasta today. It’s a compromise between your tastes and Sam’s new food regime. What do you think?”
“I can’t promise I’ll keep you safe, Dean,” Cas whispered with a heavy heart.
“I was wondering if I could borrow one of your shirts… The trench-coat and the suit are probing to be a little unsuitable for daily parenthood.”
“No. Singer. Just Singer.”
“And I’m really grateful about what they did the other night, Cas, honestly, I am,” the man said, stealing a glance in Castiel’s direction, then focusing again in the diaper because the last thing he wanted was to accidently touch his son’s wastes, “but I’m
Finally, Castiel started sleeping 8 hours a night when he felt Dean’s comforting warmth and weight pressed against him. He started to laugh. He stopped watching his back obsessively as he walked down the street. He put the gun inside the drawer and kept it there without the need to take it out for months on end. He made space for Dean’s clothes in the closet. Then he bought a ring, he asked a question. Dean said yes.
“Okay, so, Benny, exchange places with Garth. Garth, lay down parallel to Cas on the floor and—man up, I guess.”
“I just need someone to look after my brother’s kids for 2 days. Just 2 days, I swear. And they’re good kids, super obedient and- and fun, nice- they won’t cause any trouble, I promise. Of course, we’ll pay you for the trouble, and give you money for the food and-”
Zeppelin returned the smile, milk accidentally running down his chin. Castiel chuckled and reached to wipe it off with a swift movement of his thumb. The boy’s soul lit up as his eyes flickered back and forth between his parents; this was a very familiar scene for him, something that he’d missed without knowing it, the sweet presence of his parent’s soul and grace together in their usual morning routine. All he wanted was their attention, their love.
"Because it gives you nightmares, son," the angel rubbed his back lovingly. Balthazar blushed.
Dean takes a few steps forward towards an apple tree and reaches out to touch one, his hand frozen in midair in hesitation.
. They hadn’t wanted to think that that was even an option. They’d sent their daughter with her two little brothers off to an universe were Bobby was gone.
She spoke softly, a low plead in the night. No one answered.
In response Dean just lifts an eyebrow and looks at him weird through the rearview mirror. “Nothing, Cas. I was kidding. I guess it was just all in my head.”
“Come on, man, she’s got the hots for you.”
From the corner of her eye Charlie sees her leaning back on her chair and touching her face. Suddenly her mom gets up with her head leaning backwards and she hurries towards the bathroom.
“You can’t help me, dad,” Dean snaps, raising his head to look at his father. Then he sighs and sits back, going quickly from angry to frustrated. “Unless you can change the world, you can’t help me. You watch the news, you know what it’s like in this country for couples like us. It’s not always safe, people get hurt just for holding hands in the wrong place. We were asked to leave a restaurant once just for kissing.”
But as Mary looked around, dread started climbing up the back of her mind again. Some things seemed familiar; the general silhouette of the house in the dark was almost exactly the same as her grandfather’s, and right beside it, she could definitely make out the mess of cars that was the salvage yard.
Feeling the call of the key, Cas can’t help but open one eye and look at it. There it is, all he needs to do is reach out; Dean willingly took the chain off in his presence, trusting Castiel with it, so it’s fair game now. His hand itches to grab it, it actually moves a little to the side…
“No buts!”
Once again their eyes meet but the moment’s gone, they’re not going to kiss again. Except Cas really wants to.
“Moose,” Crowley’s voice said courtly from the other side.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Charlie’s telephone rings and she tells him it’s his brother calling to tell Cas to get his ass home he isn’t really surprised.
“Wait. You want to sleep with me?” Castiel was confused. Why someone as good looking as Dean would want to sleep with him when he probably could have anybody was beyond him.
How had
“You don't want this.”
The next time Gabriel spoke, he was signing at the same time as well. “Listen, we don't want any trouble, as weird as that sounds coming from me. These people here – these angels – are sick and tired of the apocalypse. They don't want to fight humanity anymore, or they never wanted to begin with, but had to follow Michael's orders. You know what it's like to follow orders, don't you?” He looked at Cas, but Dean also felt a pang of sympathy.
Dean smiled. “More than in any other city of the kingdom.”
Meg laughed. “Yeah, and when you didn't show up at five to, I was starting to get worried.” The grin on her face was almost predatory.
“Stay?”
“Two slices aren't that much.” Castiel still wasn't sure what he should think of Dean going straight to the kitchens instead of simply asking a servant for pie, but he had smiled so beautifully when tasting it that Castiel hadn't inquired further.
customary,” Castiel said, and leaned in for a quick kiss on the cheek.
There was a dirty joke somewhere in the back of Dean's mind, but he ignored it. “Sure. Why wouldn't I?”
“Hm. That's a little better,” Dean replied, and pushed his finger in, just the tip, making Cas' breath hitch again. But he quickly relaxed into it, as he always did. The first time, they had both been a little nervous about it, but had soon found that Cas didn't have much of a problem with something entering his vessel that way. His comment on the matter was that he hadn't minded the knife Dean had pushed into his chest on their first meeting, so why be bothered by a finger inside of him somewhere it wouldn't even draw blood.
Cas looked away. “Six months, three weeks, five days and eight hours.”
When Castiel crept back into Dean's room, locking the door behind him, he heard the sheets rustle once again.
“Yes. I realize he looks young, and I sincerely hope it's genetic and not some sort of magic.” Castiel shrugged. “Don't tell him I said that.”
Dean had never been thanked for his services before. “It's my pleasure, my Prince.”
Dean hesitated, then turned to Prince Castiel. “Is that what you wish to talk about, my Prince?”
“Ezekiel.” Castiel had noticed him in the group that had come through the bunker, of course, but he hadn't paid him much mind at the time. “I see you have already resumed your duties.”
Prince Gabriel looked between the two in surprise. “Oh, well. I can't really give you a recommendation on what to do with him. Though I hear he gives excellent massages.”
“A couple of months.” He had started in the fall, back when they could still sit in the yard. It had been a bit easier to stave off his boredom then. He had already felt a bit cooped up, but definitely not as much as now.
“Yeah, well. It's a story like many.” Dean wiped at his eyes, clearing his throat.
a shower? What the hells. And why is this so... Is that a magic light? It's not gonna be on all night, is it? Uh, is there some trick to turning it on?” Dean clapped his hands, then clicked his fingers in front of the lamp, but before Castiel could explain, he had already turned to the cupboards, opening them and rummaging through the essentials that had been placed there. “Wow, this stuff is even more fancy than at the Harem. Wait, this says there's gold in this. What. Who the hells wants to smear themselves with gold?” He seemed downright horrified.
“I suspected…” Gabe continues and it seems to pain him to admit this, like it’s some sort of shameful secret to have doubted one of his own, “but, Cas… The spell to ask Satan to break a deal, it’s of the most foul dark magic.”
“I didn’t know Jack’s mother was pregnant. I found out about him around four months after he was born.”
he laments internally.
“Oh, yeah, I was going to go for a groceries run. I was going to wait for Dean but-” the both looked at each other for a moment at the mention of Sam’s brother. Touchy subject, he guessed, and knew his brother most likely hadn’t gotten to talk about what this all meant for them with Cas last night… “I guess we could go, just you and me... and Zep.”
It’s already morning when he’s out of the uniform, clean and ready to go home. He’s not ready to go to sleep even though the adrenaline rush is gone and his body feels like it is made of bricks. He’s wide awake, reliving that moment where he thought he was never going to see his family again. He sits in the car in silence with a thick lump in his throat. Looking down at the phone in his hands, he thinks of calling his mother but she’s probably working or preparing for her day. And what’s he going to say anyway?
Castiel’s reply doesn’t come for
“I- I don’t know what you want, take anything you want, just please don’t harm the kids,” Josie pleaded, holding Zep close to her chest. She was in automatic mode, a part of him couldn’t even process what was happening.
The memories Cas had showed him flooded his mind now that he was alone and had time to actually go through them calmly. Dean supposed they were just some of the many borrowed memories Castiel had received. They had been rather innocent, sweet even, and his cheeks burned as he wondered about the many memories the angel
“Mary!” Balthazar gasped, glancing at her with disapproval plastered across his face. He seemed on the verge of tears.
“So?”
But then there’s another option too; that Castiel says they are soulmates but for it to be a lie. That would end him. Should Cas lie to him again, betray him like that, it would crush his soul and ruin his ability to trust anyone ever again. And Dean’s torn; if Cas says yes, would Dean believe him anyway?
is a girl. If they stay at an arm’s length it should be fine he supposes, although subconsciously he also feels a thrill at the thought of his brother finding out without the need of there being an awkward conversation about it. If people just knew, if Dean could just be without having to explain it to people, the how, when and why…
Narrowing his eyes at his soulmate, trying to make Dean pity him and give him all the affection he craves while sick, he mutters, “and if it weren’t for me the world would have ended so I think I’m entitled.”
“We’re at grandpa’s but…”
invading the castle or something, he doesn’t have time to stop and listen, but it’s weird and fascinating. It strikes Dean as odd to think that something from Hell could be that aesthetically pleasing, like something he would see in a castle in Europe.
“It’s just a cold, son,” he lied as best he could.
She cleared her throat and discreetly pulled her hand away, breathing heavily as the feeling went away, though Balthazar’s kind smile didn’t falter. It was almost as strong as a love spell. There was something about him, with his electric blue eyes and innocent tilt of his head, that just made you want to protect him. It was dangerous, a trap for sure, an evolutionary mechanism to get other species to submit to him. It had to be that, no one could be that good, the witch was
“Will you just listen to me!” Cas yells at him, shaking Dean. The man looks up, finally more surprised than upset. “Stop pitying yourself for a moment and
The prince turns his head to see his father in law, tired and old, sitting on an armchair next to his hospital bed. Truth be told, Dean’s surprised to see him there and it must show for the ex-King chuckles.
, and she had nothing to wipe him clean with. And frankly, she also didn’t want to, it was gross. With a simple movement of her hand, little Zep was as clean as new. But again, there went another misuse of grace. How long was she going to be able to keep that up? Her human needs decreased in intensity little by little as she grew, but she still had them, still needed to eat sometimes.
“Do you know what’s up with those two, by the way? Something’s changed.” Sam asked, absolutely avoided the subject of his own soul.
“Daddy?” she called through sobs.
“No,” the angels replies, smiling with sweetness, pulling Dean closer by the loops in his jeans, “so just say yes.”
“Yeah…” he responds, his voice coming out quieter than he’d intended. He chuckles nervously and nods, shaking off his feelings like they’re undesirable gum stuck in his shoe. “Yeah, just—just came to say thank you.”
His reflection dissolves from the surface of the glass and instead he sees his parents in perfect detail, laying on their bed with a newborn Castiel between them. His mother is sleeping, so is the baby, but his father is awake. He doesn’t look a day past 35, and he doesn’t either to date; in Hell, he’s barely aged at all. His mother has a hand over Castiel’s round belly and his father an arm around her. He watches her with a soft smile on his lips and love in his eyes. He loves her. He loves her so much, he confessed to his son once, he had been planning to stay in the mortal world with her forever because he couldn’t bear the thought of his wife growing old without him and he knew she’d never agree to give her soul away to the Devil to be welcomed into Hell. But then the gates closed with him on the wrong side of it, she died, and everything changed.
“We’re so strong!” Balthazar smiled broadly and the angels beamed at him with excitement. “We can cure them all, papa!”
There’s a very real, very uncomfortable lump in his throat and tears (of joy, of sadness, who knows?) in his eyes. Dean looks down at the rings. They’re simple like their story is, they fit them. There’s no grand gesture, no embarrassing public display of affection, it’s just the two of them, sitting together in what is most likely Dean’s favorite place in the world. Of all the ways a proposal could have gone down, this is probably the perfect way.
” Dean repeats, staring at his brother with wide eyes. He knows where this is going.
“Oh, man, that was funny,” he chuckled as he wiped away a tear and put an arm around the angel’s shoulders while they walked back to the car. He likes the closeness and, in his state of intoxication, Dean lets himself enjoy the touch shamelessly. He feels the angel’s rock-hard shoulders and tightened his grip on his arm to bring him as close to him as possible. “We should go out more often, Cas.”
learning about them," Mary pointed out, not smugly because she knew how annoying it was to be kept in the dark, but rather gently.
Gabriel smirks playfully, never missing a chance to embarrass his brother. “Of course I did. I approve, go get deflowered, baby bro. Satan would want you to.”
“Who the hell did you think it was!?”
issues he has and Castiel has
Eyes glue to Dean, Cas sits in silence for a second, taking the information in. He opens his mouth to ask something, thinks twice of it and closes it. Dean takes a quick look at him, then back at the road. Cas looks conflicted.
Before Mary could stop him, Balthazar gripped her soul and grace tightly and those of their younger sibling as well, and in less than a second they were flying through space faster than light, hurrying towards the guiding light that was their father’s grace.
, the next morning when he wakes up from sleeping eight full hours without a fucking demon, ghost or bully chasing him around in his dreams all night. He cannot fucking believe it when the alarm wakes him up instead of the chilling ending to a crude nightmare. The change in his mood is almost instantaneous, even though he still has a long way to go to feel fully rested, but at least now he feels enough like himself to smile and joke around with his family and go back to avoiding Dick instead of hoping they’ll butt heads soon.
“Son, it’s good to hear from you. You’ve been eluding me all week,” his dad says, not in an accusing tone but somewhat cautious.
?” Sam hisses under his breath.
being ridiculous?” Castiel laughs, yanking his hand away. “You sneak out of the palace at the break of dawn to see your ex behind my back and
“Dean, please, just hear me out. We might need help in the future, and I’m sure you’ve noticed we’ve ran out of allies.”
he told himself.
“I’m gonna go to the store,” he announced as he stood up, dragging a hand across his face. “We need light bulbs.”
job was tiring, but hunting monsters… It must be exhausting."
“Give me a break, like you didn’t leave yours at Eileen’s!”
“I offered them to stay with me,” Carl whispered. He felt terribly guilty for letting the kids just go, all alone. “But she said no. She said they had to go home, and she wouldn't let me go with them either.”
He has to admit he’s nervous. A week after the last murder, the killer is able to make their next move and Cas just sits at home and waits for some unfortunate thing to happen. He went to school for a few days, hoping nothing odd would happen while he was there. It was a risky move but he’s falling dangerously behind with school work and the principal called Gabriel to inquire why he was missing school so much. Gabriel can lie and even cast a minor curse on her to make her forget about his brother, but they know people will notice and ask questions and witches never like that. In times like this, specifically, they don't want people to notice anything out of the ordinary going on with them. A part of Castiel misses his normal life, just attending classes and even doing homework, having lunch with his friends, seeing Dean…
me,” Mary spat.
Dean’s eyes are wide and shiny with tears. He waits, frozen, as Cas leans in with his eyes locked in Dean’s lips, and when they kiss it feels just right, just like it always did. Dean melts and sighs, opening his mouth to deepen the kiss right away with a pathetic, defeated sigh. He presses their bodies together, feels all of Cas against him as he hold him against the wall. The kiss gets more passionate, more urgent, and when Dean pulls away, he’s panting for air.
The angel didn’t answer right away. Instead, he stared at Dean, silently asking permission to affirm the statement. Dean swallowed hard and looked down at the letter again.
Castiel shrugs and averts his eyes. He notices they’re alone again. “Nothing of import.”
And it was the look of adoration in Dean’s eyes that ended up melting Mary; he was
“I am. I hope you don't get sick of me.”
“Really?”
, I believe is what you thought. You’re wrong. The peace treaty protects the gate but it can be broken.”
?” Mary begun to cry quietly. The mix that was her soul and grace begun to expand as her discomfort grew, but she was better at controlling it than little Balthazar so it didn't pose a threat to her brothers as they rested in the car.
“Be careful, Cas.”
What do you say?”
“I know, I know,” Mary offered him a small, sympathetic smile. “But they’re not really a part of your body. Maybe we should have started with detachment exercises…”
“Never?” Jo asks him, an edge of pity in his voice. “Not even with Lisa?”
He can’t ignore the voice forever, Dean knows that, but then Castiel pushes him against the counter, pinches one of his nipples rather harshly and watches Dean squirm in pain and pleasure. Cas looks drunk with power and excitement, biting his lower lip in triumph, so gorgeous, so addictive, and once again Dean forgets and gives in, if only for another night, another pounding that will leave his ass sore for a couple of days...
Cas lifts his eyes to glare at Bobby, but he says nothing. There's no need to say he won't be sleeping tonight, or probably ever again, Bobby knows that. Hell, anyone who walked in right now could see the mess of a man Castiel is.
It was late, too goddamn late for Dean’s taste, so they’d rented a room in a cheap motel, away from that crazy-ass town, and decided to get up early in the morning (Dean was already bitching about that the night before) to keep looking for the kids. The roads were too dark at night and they could miss dirt roads that lead to somewhere of interest. It was better to wait until morning, though everyone wondered with a heavy heart if Mary would live that long.
They turn right and it’s 6 steps to the stairs. 15 steps down the stairs and 3 short ones to the front door which is right in front of the stairs. Dean lets his friend feel the door until he finds the doorknob and pulls the door open. They take 6 steps from the door, crossing the house’s short front yard, until they reach the sidewalk. They turn left, take 12 more steps. Left once more, 8 steps across Dean’s front yard, and then Cas is reaching blindly for Dean’s door. There’s a faint smile on his lips, the first one since he woke up from the surgery.
He’s already nagging the producers every chance he gets to bring up the fact that Sam went to law school.
Something about being this close a celestial being while in nothing but his skivvies doesn’t sit too well with Jensen.
“How’s she doing anyway?” Dean asks. “You get in any trouble for not being around for a few days?”
situation down here, could use your help.” Dean’s light tone is in direct contradiction with his intense body language.
After pausing to take something called a ‘u-quiz’ because he kind of
Jensen inserts the explanatory notes in his head.
Somehow, Jensen’s not sure exactly, he finds himself with one leg on either side of Dean’s, straddling him, mouth still flush against Dean’s. He sucks Dean’s bottom lip in firmly, dragging the edges of his teeth against it as Dean’s hands grip Jensen’s thighs, urging him closer until he feels the warmth radiating from Dean’s body wash over him like a wave.
Dean looks up and walks across the room to Jensen, glancing back over his shoulder at Cas more than once.  Cas meets his eyes every single time, something passing between them.  “Yeah, what’s up?”
Jensen stares at him, dumbfounded. Cas shrugs. “Neither of you are very adept at speaking quietly.”  He looks at Dean again with a slight roll of his eyes. “And I
Jensen quickly yanks his pants from the floor and dresses in the bathroom, as Dean clears off the small table where they had dinner the night before. He tosses Jensen a spare travel toothbrush, and goes to get a few things out of the Impala, after mentioning that he remembers most of the spell Balthazar used to send him and Sam to Jensens world, and that Cas is probably using a similar one.
“We’ve gotta check him.”
Misha being gone has caused problems with production, and fans are in an uproar. They liked the little guy, and to be honest, he was starting to grow on Jensen as well. Not to mention that without Cass on the show “Destiel” will never happen, and the fans
Jensen smiles into Dean's mouth as he moves to undo Dean’s belt buckle, the clasp clicking in the most satisfying way. Dean shivers as Jensen runs one finger under the waistband of his briefs, his breath hitching deliciously in response.
It’s quiet in the small, dark room now, the silence punctuated only by the sound of their heavy breathing. Neither of them is saying a word. Jensen feels their come drying on his chest and stomach, sticking to his skin, and wants very much to do something about this, feeling slightly uncomfortable now.
Jensen has no memory of the week Misha died. The week he apparently stayed at Jared's house, and the two of them beat the living shit out of an extra. The week that same extra stormed the set with a gun and shot Eric Kripke stone dead. All Jensen knows is that all of his credit cards are maxed out and Danneel isn’t talking to him. He’s staying in a hotel near the set. Dee suggested he stay at Jared’s, but Jensen has a feeling that whatever it was that caused him to black out for a week, Jared had something to do with it.
But his mind continues to spiral.
Jensen is taken aback slightly at the reaction.
Cas is silent.
Still feeling foolish, he starts setting everything up on the table, just like he’s done time and time again on the show. He tries to convince himself that it’s fine. He’s all alone in this room, and no one will know what an ass he’s making of himself. Because he
Dean takes his hand off of Jensen and, straightening up, tucks his gun back behind him in the waistband of his jeans, “Right, okay."  He goes quiet.
“...I don’t know but the guy’s wearing my face, and I don’t like it!”
“Oh yeah,” a look of dawning comprehension comes over Dean’s face, “and you were Jared...Padaleski.”
, but I’m.. I’m pretty sure that Sam and Jared’s wife...ya know.”
Forcing his hands to move slowly, Jensen unzips and opens Dean’s jeans, and in doing so he finds the glorious confirmation of what he already suspected, that Dean is enjoying this just as much as he is. Jensen runs his hand lightly over the bulge in Dean's briefs, and Dean instantly grips Jensen tighter, digging his fingers into Jensen's arm and neck.
. Fanfiction it is.
close to Dean.
Jensen shimmies off the side of the bed, managing to snag a loose sheet to drape across his naked hips, and scurries into the small bathroom, quickly closing the door behind him. The euphoria he’d just experienced is all too quickly turning to dread. As enthusiastic as Dean was while they were tangled together just moments ago, he doesn’t seem to want anything to do with Jensen now.
“Like on the show,” he explains., “Holy water, silver, that kind of stuff.”
Cas purses his lips. “Is his grave nearby?”
Jensen feels his face break out into a sunny smile. “Hey, buddy.”
“Look,” Sam tells Dean, “You can either stay here with him, or you can go to Bobby’s and do research. As in read a
“Right,” Cas says, apparently taking Jensen at his word not to mess with magic again, “Where is his body?”
"So," Sam says, taking the lead. "You said you were reading the script, I assume there was a spell in it?”
As much as he would rather have a salad, or anything else even
And now Jensen is crashing over the edge. Shaking and gasping as he cracks open. Spilling into Dean’s palm, his come mixing with Deans in the puddle on Jensen's stomach.
Jensen’s mind suddenly conjures up frightful images of himself and Castiel digging up Misha's body in the dead of night.
Jensen smiles back at Dean.  “Uh, yeah, it’s pretty good.” The movie isn’t one of Jensen's favorites, but he knows how much Dean loves it.
“Dean-” Jensen whispers, cheeks flushing at the name in his mouth.
He keeps reading the spell, and honestly?  He kind of wants to try it. Just the slightly minor issue of his cash flow problem that’s stopping him. He scrolls down the site a bit more. There’s another spell, this one with much simpler ingredients. Ok, ok, he can get these.
wanted Destiel to happen.
Dean, still keeping his grip on Jensen, turns to face his brother. “Actor? What are you talking about?”
The script notes arise in Jensen’s mind unbidden as he gazes at him.
Dean is growing more and more exasperated.  “Listen, it’s not like we know this guy.  Maybe he’s got something to gain pretending to be Jensen - Ankles, or whatever.”
He opens his eyes, but he can’t see much aside from the gun in his face; there’s a rough hand gripping his collar firmly.  He’s sitting, crumpled on the floor with his back against a wall.  He blinks as his pupils adjust to the dimness of his surroundings.
It only takes a few minutes for Cas to return, and Jensen is startled again when the angel suddenly appears with no warning other than the faint sound of wings fluttering.  Dean is still outside.
“Cross my heart,” Jensen says, putting everything he has into the promise, and he means it too. He doesn’t want to end up stuck somewhere else with no way of getting back. “I’ll leave the magic games to you guys.”  He clears his throat.
That thought lulls him into sleep.
“Well,” he says finally, “I suppose it’s possible that by us crossing over into that world, some of the cosmic energy from this world bled into that one, a kind of a magical spillover that altered that reality slightly, creating a seismic type of shift that allowed - “ Dean cuts off Cas’ rambling explanation.
Jensen follows the freckles down, like a path, and finds himself with his face between Dean’s thighs. When Jensen looks up at Dean, he sees that Dean’s eyes are glazed over, pupils blown with lust, head tilted back slightly as the column of his neck heaves raggedly, mouth still hanging open a bit. Dean’s losing control.
?” Deans hands fly around, gesticulating wildly in an attempt to emphasize just how unhappy he is about Jensen’s presence. Or maybe he’s still unhappy about being zapped into “TV land” in the first place.
A few minutes later Jensen is sitting on the floor again, this time handcuffed to the radiator.
“So I’m just supposed to just wait here, then?” Jensen asks, a last ditch effort to come along, the script notes rising to the forefront of his imagination. He knows Dean won’t trust him alone. Especially with all of his stuff.
He turns his head.
Dean snaps the book shut suddenly and rubs his hands over his face with a deep sigh. Jensen’s own palms twitch at the familiar gesture.
Thankfully, Dean bursts in a second later, clapping Cas on the shoulder affectionately, and they easily slip into their regular rapport.
work. He’s like a child, playing pretend with really fucking weird toys.  Just...method acting.
a celestial being. I heard you.”
Jensen takes his mouth off Dean’s for a moment to pull  his shirt over his head with one arm, and when he does Dean freezes, his eyes moving over Jensen’s lightly toned arms and then drifting over to his torso, fixating on Jensen’s chest, on the spot where Dean's tattoo would be. Dean stays motionless for only a moment before slowly running his hand up from its position on Jensen's leg, over Jensen’s thigh, higher and higher past the waist of Jensen’s jeans, grazing it over his stomach. And now Dean is touching his skin, and Jensen is going to burst.
Jensen untangles himself semi-reluctantly from Dean’s grip.  Dean seems confused, his lips part as if to ask a question, Jensen gently puts a finger over Dean’s mouth,
masculinity.” People saying he’s “queer-coded” and “female-coded” and fuck if Jensen knows what any of that means, but looking at it all laid out like this, well... They make some very compelling arguments.
“Well good for you that you weren't sent here at least. Your world was weird,
He adds the final ingredient to the bowl and lights a match, all that’s left is to drop it in.
Jensen tries not to feel
“Well, what is he doing here?” Cas sounds like an exasperated parent asking their child why there are toys all over the living room floor.
Dean makes a low sound in his throat, almost a growl, his hands grabbing at Jensen’s shirt, fingers scattered, trying to tug the fabric upwards, his movements increasingly desperate. Jensen feels like he’s going to lose it all right now, still in his jeans and boxers, just from the feel of Dean’s hands dragging across the tight cotton, the mere touch of Dean’s fingertips through his shirt sending heat surging through Jensen’s entire body.
“Uh, hiya.” Jensen says, trying to lessen the weirdness.
Jensen nods.
Jensen raises his hand to curl his fingers around Dean's jaw and feels Dean relax into the touch. His hand tangles Jensen's shirt sleeve in response, pulling him closer.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas says in the same gravely voice Misha used to.
? Jensen thinks to himself. He googles it.
“Oh.” Dean makes a face Jensen knows well, the ‘Dean Winchester’s gotten caught saying something he wasn’t supposed to’ face. “Well, I uh… I don’t know for
Dean whines as Jensen pulls his finger out of Dean’s mouth. Leaning down, Jensen swirls his tongue over Dean’s Adam’s apple, eliciting a grunt from Dean that sends a buzzing vibration through Jensen’s entire body.
but then Jensen remembers -
Jensen suddenly remembers he still doesn’t have any pants on. He pulls the scratchy hotel blanket up higher on his hips, hoping the angel won’t notice.
“What are you doing
Dean immediately wraps his hand around the both of them, steadily working their dicks together. Jensen leans forwards, making incoherent but appreciative noises, resting his forehead against Dean’s. Dean’s eyes are pointing down, staring at the friction he’s creating, watching greedily as he tugs Jensen along with himself.  Jensen drags his lower lip, still full from when he bit it earlier, across Dean’s forehead. Dean’s inhale is sharp and sudden.
Jensen is briefly overcome by panic before Dean asks, “What’s a Danneel?” and once Jensen explains, Dean assures him that, no, he didn’t.
Dean winks at him.  “Hiya, handsome”
Jensen catches himself peering at Dean’s face to determine which choice he is making,
Dean clears his throat uncomfortably. “You guys film that show in Canada right?”
Jensen can’t blame him for being upset, if he was in Dean’s position he’d probably feel the same.
Even though he's sure the spell won't actually work, he feels himself committing to trying it out.  Why not?  But it's late, and he doesn't have everything he'll need, so he settles for trying to sleep now, and gathering spell ingredients later.
The two sit frozen for a moment, twin eyes locked, neither entirely sure what to do next.
,” Dean said, forcing her chin up, ignoring how her grip around her arms hurt. Mary opened her eyes, just barely, to look at him. “I know I’m not your father, not
“Father,
“You could always stay with us,” Castiel offers, grabbing Dean’s hand below the table. “Both of you,” he adds because he knows the Winchester brothers are a two package deal. He’d do anything to get Dean to stay, even if that’s reckless because they would, for certain, be safer if they went away. But he justifies his selfish desires by telling himself there’s no safer place than his home.
Dean grits his teeth, hands shaking with the intensity of a snowball of feelings that again threaten to overwhelm him. “How could you- dammit, Cas, how
, the memory of Castiel’s ragged breaths hunted him, encouraging his body to misbehave.
“See? You’re a hero,” Castiel says, gesturing with his hand towards him.
After a moment she says, "I've been doing well too, I got an A in a couple of courses last semester."
Dean waves his worries off with a hand and avoids meeting his brother's eyes as he looks for his friends in a sea of young adults in the first stages of getting drunk.
Cas lifts an eyebrow, all smug, just waiting for Dean to go nuts so he can take pride and satisfaction from his annoyance. That’ll show him not to mess with a Novak anymore. “You told me I practically lived here since I’m over all the time, so…”
“No, you don’t. It could be a female human pregnant, or it could be a female
The next day seems surreal. He considers skipping school and trying to sleep in but in the end he would rather go than stay home and face Gabriel. It wouldn’t be hard for him to notice Cas summoned a demon, presences like that leave a trail, and he’ll probably be pissed, so Castiel does what any normal teenager would do; run from any form of paternal figure who is, for sure, going to be mad at him for being stupid, and rightfully so.
The man simply looked around the place with a wild look in his face, his mouth hanging open. His eyes barely registered Dean. He was scared stupid.
“I love you too,” he replies with a wide, boyish grin.
The witch couldn’t help but let out a relieved huff.
“Stop talking to me about sex!”
not trying to find excuses to hang out with Becky. The sooner he can get away from her, the better, in fact.
“Mary, in this universe…” Dean swallowed and shook his head. Mary begun to shake.
Dean looked up, grinning like an idiot, and opened his mouth to speak, but Cas suddenly sighed and started to sat up.
For a second the witch considers opting out of joining Dean in the closet but at the same time he doesn’t want to be
Castiel has the right, after all, to be with whoever he wants to. They never said they were exclusive, no promises were made, it wouldn’t be fair for Dean to be mad at him for going out with other people. But it’s the
“The ride where?” Cas tilts his head and Dean chuckles, finding the angel's cluelessness adorable at the moment.
John takes a deep breath and exhales. Apart from being bad at hiding his feelings, he’s also bad at talking about them. “What I’m trying to say is, have you made any friends yet?”
“No, he can do this, he’s strong!”
going around in circles in his mind. She mustn't get attached to him… and neither should he. For Castiel’s own good.
“Oh, I plan to die young, Dean, I cannot take this anymore,” Castiel states matter of factly, face dead serious. Dean snorts and squeezes his hand.
Dean orders himself.
” he sights to himself, “no, no, no…”
Dean didn’t know what to reply to that. It was impossible not to take that personally. He averted his eyes. He didn’t know whether to be angry or hurt at the comment.
unlike her. She all but flinches under this murderous stare.
There was a moment of silence, and Sam wondered if the call had dropped, but then Crowley spoke in a slightly more assertive tone. “What do you want with her?”
He wonders how far he could make the storm spread out. Maybe the entire state. With enough practice, perhaps the entire country.
“I've to go,” Dean whispers in a hurry.
,” Dean nearly yelled, stopping to stare at Cas the longest above the others. “We’re not getting a nanny! Even if a person agreed to come to an underground bunker in the middle of the woods to babysit three half-angels, I’m not leaving my kids with some random stranger!”
The next day the children barely travelled at all. Mary wanted to give her legs a chance to rest, though they were running out of food again and would need to get some more soon. She fed her brothers and herself with less food and more grace, to make it last a little longer. She checked the map, trying to guess were they were, and decided to try and find the next town in the map.
is in the room. “I mean, the three of us know Lisa and you had a something something so… I mean, are you
“Billie,” Death says, “you can call me Billie.”
"Why don't you stay here, dear? We'll, hmm, get something to clean you up with, some clothes too."
“Please don’t buy those,” she discreetly whispered as she tries to pretend she’s rearranging other things instead of talking to him. “My mom tries to sell them every year.”
, really, that could make him happy. He was glad Dean had opened his heart to Cas. It hadn’t always been easy, and it took a long time for Dean to be able to show Cas physical affection in front of other people, but the man had finally reached a state in which he didn’t give a single fuck anymore what people thought about them, he was too busy being happy to care.
. He even lies to Sam, says he’s going to eat outside in the bleachers with someone else so his brother doesn’t feel bad ditching him in favour of Barry and Eileen, two kids he’s been hanging out with lately. He’s happy for Sam but eating alone kind of sucks, it makes him feel like a fucking loser and very aware of his loneliness. It’s not all bad though, because it gives him time to go through his mother’s journal in peace.
“You're with Castiel, correct?” she asks with an edge of amusement and a very Scottish accent.
Castiel frowns, confused. “What’s my what?”
“I think the word you're looking for is
His spiritual moment gone, Dean decides to save the piece of paper in his room, under his mattress, right next to his mom’s diary. Who knows? Maybe a little weird is just all he needs.
When Cas left, Dean stood in the room for a moment, considering what to do. Cas hadn’t laid with him the night they spent at the motel; he’d stayed up doing research. The one night they’d spent together, Dean had slept with all his clothes on. He couldn’t keep doing that; it wasn’t just ridiculous, but also uncomfortable. Before his brain had time to object, he started undressing, letting his clothes drop in the floor until he was wearing nothing but his underwear. He didn’t want to think what Castiel was going to do when he returned, didn’t want to freak out or create weird expectations, so he simply laid his head on the pillow, covered himself and waited. He was already almost dreaming when the angel returned.
She huffed a laugh bitterly. “A lot of things. But… I was thinking about earlier… About… Well, about your wings.”
His gentle touch and concerned tone power up Castiel’s heart once more with courage, if only because he would never let that thing hurt his boyfriend or his familiar. The witch looks back on the direction of the presence he was facing but before his eyes even land on the empty maze of mirrors, he realizes he cannot feel that force in there with them anymore. Concerns grips his heart again; if that thing’s not in there with them, it could be out there with the mortals which is probably worse.
to do those things with Dean. If he’s going to give into the lustful, kinky side of being a witch, Dean’s a great person to experiment with.
Cas, anyway. In this universe, the slippery angel had lied to him and gone off his own way multiple times. Dean missed his presence every time and hoped he'd be back soon, prayed he'd be safe wherever the angel was, no matter what he was doing, but a part of him understood his absence;
,” the woman argued, blushing, and Sam couldn’t help but laugh.
Gabriel always says. Sure, the bittersweet talk with his dad is still on the back of his mind but things are as good as they can get for him.
"He's not dead," Seir, in his true form, tells him with urgency to bring Dean back to reality, "I can still feel him."
Sam doesn’t look like he loves to be under the spotlight in that moment, shying away from everyone’s eyes. “It wasn’t my place to tell you…”
Dean’s stomach twisted with stress; what if something had happened to those children and that was why they’d stopped praying?
The young Winchester felt tears coming to her eyes. No, of all things, not
Gabriel shakes his head and curls his hands into fists. Dean can’t help but feel sorry for him. He knows the witch is far from an innocent soul, but he’s not what some say he is and Dean cannot imagine having to live all his life with people whispering he’s a murderer behind his back. They have called Dean much less and it still sucked terribly, this must be so much worse.
new fake identity and got a job as a teacher assistant at Jack’s school. It was a good, simple life, just like the one he’d had before but with family dinners now. Dean was so happy to have his family back, Castiel could see it in his face every single day and though he tried to feel the same peace that was reflected in his husband’s eyes, he couldn't. He knew, in his heart, that it wouldn’t last, that they would be found again and when the time came, he hoped that his blood would be the only one shed. Somehow he was at peace with it now, though. He’d had it all, he’d got what he wanted, in the end; he experienced love, thoroughly and passionately, and no matter how little it’d lasted, it had been worth it all.
“I’m sorry if I gave you the impression that you had to be a certain way, but please know that I have no problem with you dating a guy. Just, you know, maybe
“Check the backpack, maybe dad packed another blanket.”
“You can’t disagree, it’s just a
From behind him, Dean hears him make this throaty sound of discontent but that’s as far as Cas pushes the subject. When they finally get to the bottom of the stairs, Cas asks with a tiny, hopeful smile, “what do I get in return?”
evil as well?”
He calls for help but no one comes.
Dean obeys at once and all but runs downstairs to bring Cas what he needs. With him gone, the witch knows he only has a moment to do what he knows he must do but doesn’t want Dean there to see it. He holds his fists in front of him and, with his eyes closed, he tries to envision as realistically as possible that he’s holding his own broken rib on his hands. Anticipating the paint that is to come, he takes a deep breath (or as deep as he can manage without cringing in pain) and after saying a few whispered latin words, he rapidly moves his hands so that they’re in front of him one next to the other as if he’d forced the rib to become straight into one piece again. Inside of him he can feel something moving and a deep groan of pain erupts from him. His knees buckle and he leans a hand against the wall to steady himself. White stars cloud his vision, momentarily all he can think about is blinding pain shooting through him. He never wants to have to use that spell again.
Dean kneels in front of Cas and grabs his hands, drawing circles with his thumb to comfort his boyfriend.
Dean clenched his hands into fists.
“I waited for you," she repeated, although a part of her that was smart knew it wasn't
Dean gives it another moment but he gets no reply. He grunts in frustration and trots down the stairs, then circles the house to get to the back.
They shower together, taking turns under the water. Cas likes to take his time, Dean enjoys watching the water run down his body, everybody wins. There are so many things he's tempted to say while he watches Cas smile with his eyes closed under the hot water, confessions that hang from the tip of his tongue, but Dean can't even admit to himself to be thinking them, let alone share them with another living soul.
Dean’s face burned with embarrassment and anger. Because he couldn't confront that part of the argument, he focused on something else. “Oh, and look how well that turned out! That other me ended up sending his children away to another universe because the goddamn devil is out to kill the Winchesters!
The angel opened his mouth to speak but wasn’t sure what to say. What the hell was he going to say anyway, right there and there, in front of everyone? How could he possibly explain he’d seen everything he wanted coming true
. Maybe if she had been stronger, if she’d exercised her grace more frequently and had a better control of it, she could have stayed home fighting the Devil with her parents. She was supposed to be stronger than him, she
“Come on, help me,” Balthazar dragged his words in a plea, poking her arm playfully. “If they have a girl, you’ll have the sister you’ve always wanted! Don’t you want them to be happy?”
the Nephilim.”
“What?” Dean breathes out nervously. One thing was the bathroom after a game, at night, but the library, in the middle of the day?
The fact that he just left all his friends behind and they’re probably thinking he’s a fucking weirdo, a dramatic jerk that just walked out of the house for no reason whatsoever. What will they think about him? What will Dean tell them? With all his fucking charm he could have them believe anything at all, he could pull them further into his side, away from Castiel.
Where there used to be order and a perfectly neat and planned landscaping there is now a mess of bushes and trees. The place is suddenly crawling with life, vegetables of all types and sizes, perfect fruits hanging from trees, even a few chickens walking around in peace. Gone is the fancy entrance leading up to the house, not there’s a very narrow space between bushes that he could squeeze through to get to his car.
“And what, you don’t have any friends that can help you out, babysit for a few hours?” Dean asks, thinking back on the handful of friends that went to speak on his favour at court.
“How—how do you know about that?”
, she thought. As far as she knew, God had left a long time ago. He could be away creating new planets, or simply laying on a beach. These men, always found a way to satisfied themselves with unfunded theories.
“Dean, please,
“You’re leaving?” he asks, sounding upset all over again. Rowena closes her eyes, telling herself to put on a smile, before turning around.
“Why don’t we take the day off?” Charlie suggests, forcing a smile. “It’s been a while since we had a day just for the two of us. We can stay home and order pizza and have a marathon of—whatever you want, I’ll let you pick.”
“Right, ‘it’s not you, it’s me’? You’re
In no hurry to leave, Dean turns the ignition off and sits in silence for a second in the car, engulfed in darkness, before he says, “I had a lot of fun today. I’m really glad we did this.”
“Sure, keep telling yourself that, Dean. Whatever you’re doing, it’d better not be drugs.”
history. And something else, if you want. Like math, geography,
mean, made of some weird sort of worn out leather and stiff pages that Castiel is not sure are exactly made of paper, but he really doesn’t want to know what they are. There are stains here and there on the sides that he is pretty sure are blood. It has protective sigils engraved in the cover and a warning in the first page that tells the reader not to speak the few spells inside out loud, even if you’re not really attempting the ritual or if you haven’t gathered the ingredients or requirements. It’s not the type of reading he normally goes for, what with Gabriel and his grandmother raising him to be good and benevolent, he’s not really the sort of young witch itching to learn how to summon Satan or sacrifice animals for more power. He always stayed away from anything that could hurt people and this spell is
“Cas!” Dean snapped urgently. Amar was getting away. “Cas, come on!” Dean urged him, looking at the angel as he waited for a sign that told him they were going to fight the guy.
Dean watches in amazement as his mother lays in bed, tired and sleepy but too in love with her baby to close her eyes. She watches Dean sleep with an utterly happy smile on her lips. His entire hand is wrapped around just one of her fingers. It’s quite hard to hear over the loud chatting of their friends coming from the living room, but Dean could swear she’s humming something to him.
Dean narrows his eyes at the redhead. “Shut the fuck up, Josie. Don’t you have a husband to murder or something? Ain’t that why you joined this sorority? You girls are famous for leaching on rich husbands.”
Something bad was going to happen, someone was coming through that gate and soon, that’s the only rational reason Castiel can come up with to explain why his mother would have been in such a hurry to close the gate, the only thing that explains why she couldn’t even wait for her husband to come back and help her. He was travelling through Hell at the time, more than a day’s journey from the gate. She made a hasty and costly decision. But what was it that was coming? Could she too have seen warnings of the apocalypse somehow?
“You didn’t have to cause an explosion,” Castiel tells Seir as he shakes his head disapprovingly. “That was a bit much.”
Balthazar went to get him for lunch eventually. Just the sight of those excited, innocent blue eyes made him feel a little better; apparently he was a huge fan of pasta, and combined with the cowboy marathon scheduled for the afternoon, the kid was having the time of his life.
The little bell by the door rings when someone comes in.
“I drove Bela home, was heading back when I saw you. We, huh, got together. To study.”
Dean rolls his eyes at his brother and excuses himself to go to the bathroom. He’s a bit surprised and both excited and nervous when Castiel does the same, saying he’s going to wash his hands before eating, and follows him to the bathroom at the back of the building. He expects the dom to make a move on him, to push him into a wall and then do God knows what to him, but Cas really just goes to wash his hands while Dean enters one of the stalls. He doesn’t hear him leave the bathroom though and when Dean comes back out, Cas is waiting for him, looking a little sleepy, silently leaning against a wall.
Mary took a seat in front of Cas and eyes him curiously. At least Zep seemed at total ease with the copy of their father. He either noticed no difference, or was too young to comprehend or care for the change in their father’s grace. He was just excited to see those familiar faces again. He already felt like home.
Almost on cue, as if to prove Gabriel right, Castiel cries out in pain as another deep cut appears near his hip. That one hurts so much his vision goes white for a second. He can feel the invisible knife piercing through the skin, breaking it, breaking everything on its path. He shuts his eyes and grits his teeth, his muscles tensing in reaction to the pain.
“Yeah, well… but I guess I was at the bottom of your wish list though, right?”
While Novak zips his pants and looks at Dean dead in the eyes, he replies, "it is not a matter of age but power. We might be the same age but we don't hold the same roles in this relationship. I own you." He takes a glance down at the prominent bulge between Dean's legs and smirks. "And by the looks of it, you like it."
Dean’s heart jolts and he turns on his heels, looking for that familiar voice like a lost sailor looks for the lighthouse in the dark. Then he sees him, Castiel, looking dashing on his fancy dark suit, a confused and concerned look on his face as he advances through the crowd towards him, a couple of people following him -
“Mary says I’m not supposed to.”
“Thank you, my Lord,” Cas sighs relieved, bowing his head ever so slightly to show gratitude and humility.
Castiel smiles down at Dean, all smug and confident, his dick in hand. Dean will never admit it out loud, barely admits it to himself in the first place, but Castiel looks very beautiful with his hair all wet, rosy cheeks from the shower’s heat and water dripping down his naked torso, no matter how much Dean would like to wipe that obnoxious, satisfied grin off his stupidly well proportioned face.
The boy looks back and forward between them, confused; why would he say goodbye when he’s just met the guy? He wants to stay, he wants to get to know him.
“Cas, please don’t go,” Dean begs as he grabs one side of his fiance’s scarf while he marches towards the door. “I just need time to-”
his father? Did he know he was an impostor? All that love… It wasn’t supposed to be directed at him, it was meant for someone else.
(See the end of the chapter for
to. Finally, love outweighed any fear, any doubt, and Dean could feel his won arousal growing strong against the angel’s.
“Hey, that’s
Gabe holds his hands up to calm him down and raises his voice to talk over him. “Cas, brother, I wouldn't sacrifice my life. I would just give up my magic.”
Dean stepped right into Sam’s face, daring him to speak his mind, to say what Dean already knew he was implying. He was terrified of hearing the words out loud, to have someone else define him when he wasn’t even sure how to do that himself.
Dean's heart skipped a beat;
“So you never asked him?”
Remember when I said it was going to be a short fic? Yeah, well, apparently not so much anymore.
It has to be fake.
he thinks rather ironically but is so tempted to get away with everything he wants that he knows almost right away he’s going to go through with it. The seed is planted in his mind and it grows like a wild weed until it's an impulse he can't say no to.
“Oh, come on.” Dean shakes his head and squints at him like he’s offended but a smile pulls at the corners of his lips. He’s high in endorphins and drunk with how much he loves Cas. With his arm around Castiel’s waist, he pulls him a little closer. He’s so in love with the guy it feels like his chest is going to burst.
The water around Castiel continues to be strongly tainted in a red shade, more blood seems to be gushing out of his boyfriend. Charles doesn’t even attempt to apply pressure on the wound. He has the impulse to step into the water and do it himself, but he remains seated and tells himself to have some faith in Charles. If anyone can save Cas and wants what is best for him, it’s his own father.
“I’ll meet you again in Heaven, I promise. It’s real and that’s where I’ll go when I die, thanks to the spell you made.”
Mary shook her head. "Zep," she called, then opened her mouth in a big ‘o’ when her brother turned to look at her. Zep mimicked her and Cas stuck the spoon inside his mouth quickly, only to have Zep spill out half of the food with a clumsy roll of his tongue. Some of it rolled down his chin and fell on his onesie. He laughed and banged his little fists on the highchair. Cas groaned and the rest laughed under their breaths.
“It can wait, Sam. There hasn’t been a murder in years, whatever that thing was is gone now.”
Dean chuckles.
Dean sighs as he takes Jack in his arms. He plants a kiss in his temple and bounces him in his arms. "The things I do for ya, kiddo..."
"Dean, I'm sorry about the nightmare. I usually stop them in time."
Suddenly Castiel turns his wrist to the side, curling his finger inside Dean just right, touching his prostate.
“Him- her- ugh, English wasn't made for gender neutrality!” Dean groans in exasperation. He fears everyday to accidentally hurt his child’s feeling by using the wrong pronoun.
“Baltz,” Marry called him, “come here.”
They stay in the White House that night. Castiel finally gets to take Dean’s suit off and congratulate him on a very well behaved evening.
The man was panicking as the gorgeous woman before him observed him, patiently waiting for him to go on. How did he
“For your own protection.”
, Cas spent months jumping at every weird creak at night that his old house made, every whistle created by the wind currents outside. Whenever a car pulled over right next to him, his stomach would twist painfully and he’d looked over, the blood leaving his face, waiting for someone to come out of the vehicle and shoot him, or
“Shall we go?” he asks Dean, gesturing towards the door.
“You can?” he spoke in a softer voice.
. Dean is constantly driving Cas insane with his childish personality and Cas bores Dean to death with his frequent rant about the ecological importance of ecosystems diversity. Some students say Dean’s way out of Castiel’s league and some say the opposite, opinions are quite divided, but they all agree they make quite the hot couple though they’re probably not going to last long, what with Castiel being this shy and responsible kind of public figure while Dean is… well, Dean is
“Are you okay? Do you want something for your head?”
"I'm not sorry, Sam," she said, gazing at him through her eyelashes. "I've felt weird and out of place my entire life. It's kind of nice to find people to be weirdly normal with. I guess I don't even make the cut for
Sam found it in himself to smile at the unusual tenderness with which Rowena spoke of the little boy, as Castiel considered how great his son was. How had he ever managed, in any universe, to create something so good and pure? Maybe his sins, his large pile of mistakes, could be forgiven is he had it in himself to bring such a precious creature into the world.
I'm on a roll today, guys.
Raziel had been two at the time and was going through a phase in which he really wanted to stop using diapers. Sometimes after their bath, he’d throw a fit and run around when Dean tried to put the diaper on before bed. That particular day, Dean was tired as hell, couldn’t wait to get the kids to bed, and Castiel was away in angel business again, so he didn’t exactly had a lot of patience to wait for the kid to calm down. He’d sat Raziel on the bed and put the diaper on even though his kid screamed and cried and demanded he was a big boy, big enough to sleep without diapers (he wasn’t, he would always end up wetting the bed). When the diaper was finally in place, Raziel closed his eyes really tightly and cried something in Enochian. Next thing Dean knew, the diaper was gone. So were the ones they had stored. He took the kids with him to the nearest pharmacy they could find that was still open in the middle of the night, which wasn’t at all close to their home, only to learn that the diapers in the store had disappeared too. He tried all possible stores that were still open, but none had any diapers left. In the news the next day was a freaky report that said somehow all diapers in the entire state of Kansas had gone missing magically overnight. Parents with small children were quite upset, including Sam and Josie, and of course Dean.
, he says to himself.
“No! They're the whole reason we're even having this conversation in the first place! Look what happens when we try to play house, Sam!”
you. And if I don’t make it with you, if you-
Sam lifts an eyebrow and gives him a bit of a reproving stare. "Based on what?"
She felt almost embarrassed calling for him with such a weak, hopeful tone. She was half expecting the building around her to dissolve and probe she’d just been dreaming.
“I’m sorry, I just wanted to—to meet your family. Your parents. I’m sorry for your loss. Seriously. I know what it’s like—”
“Nephilim, we’re not here to hurt you,” he said quickly, stepping back. The other angels waited behind him, throwing curious glances in their direction. The man’s eyes flickered towards Balthazar. “Do you remember me, child?”
Mary rolled her eyes. “Baltz! You're not supposed to know that! You'll learn in due time, you have to be patient! Right?” she turned to Castiel. He stared dumbly at her for a moment, then turned to Dean for help. Dean just shrugged, not even knowing which point of the argument he should address first. The angel sighed, annoyed by the complete lack of help coming from the man.
Mary look at her parents, back and forth between them, as Dean sat back down next to the angel. She had been looking forward to this conversation, but at the same time she feared what she was about to hear. Her parents weren’t usually so secretive, nor did they usually look so blue for so long.
"I can't let you do that, Balthazar. I can't let you sacrifice yourself for me."
Rowena swallows hard. Yes, that's exactly what a part of her had been hoping for, secretly, and that was exactly why she'd let the boy go. It was a dangerous daydream, something she couldn't afford to wish for. The best she could do was let the boy go unharmed.
an enemy of the night
“But what if I want to call you?” Mary had backed away from Cas as her father approached her. She didn’t want the sigils on her, didn’t want to severe the bond they shared. She liked knowing her dad could always find her when she called, and enjoyed feeling him even from great distances when Cas was away in angel business, as Dean called it. “I don’t want to stop feeling you, dad,” Mary touched her chest again. That’s where she always felt her father’s grace.
She’d put the kids down not long ago, when a noise of glass breaking made her jump on the bed. Something dropped in her stomach as an uncomfortable, dark feeling crawled up her spine. Something was wrong. She opened her drawer nightstand’s drawer and drew out her gun. Why,
“And it’s free,” he added with a shrug.
nice to you?” Sam asks through narrow eyes. “Don’t be naive, Dean! He wants to take the key from you!”
It was a question she'd been dying to ask although at the same time she was terrified of getting the worst possible answer... But she had faith, he couldn't be dead, he just
“What the- did you just- put it back!” Dean had ordered them under his breath, trying to keep his voice down and looking around nervously.
"But your wings-"
He doesn’t tell his best friend right away, though, he wants it to be a surprise.
Oh and doesn’t Dean know it… It’s been a month and 17 days and Sam and Becky have done absolutely no progress in their research. Dean wonders if she’s stalling in an attempt to spend more time with Sam even though he is clearly in a very committed relationship with Eileen but then what would be Sam’s excuse? He is
“I’m dying,” Dean declares, rubbing his eyes which burn with exhaustion. He’s painfully aware of the weight of his body, the gravity that pulls him towards the floor where he just wants to lay for the rest of the day. “I’m literally dying.”
He holds Dean’s stare looking like a deer caught in the headlights, probably for longer than he should, giving himself away, because next thing he knows Dean snorts and crosses his arms over his chest, lifting an eyebrow at him.
Still panting and agitated, Mary made an effort to clear her mind as a hand came to laid in Dean's forehead. The moment their skin touched, the man relaxed and quickly became still. His brow relaxed and his mouth opened a little to let out a sigh.
hanging in there, tacitly, unsaid;
“Now, Sam!”
“Huh?” Dean looks up, confused.
Anna and I were into incest, I think she’s got her eyes on Benny tonight.”
The next time Dean goes out with his friends he stops by the door with his hand on the handle. He hesitates but eventually turns on his heels. He licks his lips and opens his mouth but the words don’t come out. Cas doesn’t bother to ask if he can tag along, he’s too polite to insist when he knows Dean doesn’t want him to. He wishes Dean a good night and starts to walk towards his room, oblivious to Dean’s hesitation.
“Is he alright?” the angel asked as he stood up, the boy secured in his arms.
“Yes… I’m just… looking forward to seeing her.”
“Come on, tell us, who are you going to vote for in this elections?” Michael asks, raising an eyebrow. Only one answer will be acceptable, of course, and that’s Cas’ father.
“He kind of reminds me of you.”
“You really
“He’s going to be okay,” Sam says but his promise is flat with doubts.
Gif sources (tumblr users): acklesjensen ; hunchesters ; karmaplus ; guardianangelcastiel ; goobey01 ; fandomnationwhore ; aborddelimpala ; samwinchesterblog
Dean sees the hesitation right away in Castiel’s eyes. He still doesn’t get why Cas is so reluctant to be even near someone of his own kind, Castiel just doesn’t think Dean knows how annoying witches can be if they want to. He’d know, he grew up with a professional trickster. Also, she
wondering when Dean uses that or, most importantly, what he looks like when he does, then proceeds to steal all of Dean’s boxers and replaces them with lace panties for women. He puts the original underwear in a bag and hides it under his bed.
He points to a seed paper sprouter kit and Dean leans in to see the prize; 5 dollars. Just to shut him up, Dean agrees to it, muttering curses under his breath as he rather aggressively grabs one of the little kits from the shelf. Castiel follows him around closely, a single step of distance separating them even though Dean has asked him many times to step back from his personal space. Castiel always complied with his request but it was never long before he was back at Dean’s side, like his shadow. Whether he is doing it on purpose or not, Dean still isn’t sure.
Second one: thepumpkin-queenn
the inside of his boyfriend’s flesh. The water around him becomes red and thick though, making it impossible to see the wounds for long. Castiel doesn’t move at all, his hands lay still on his sides. His skin has an angry pink and red range of colours and is pretty screwed up, he’s got blisters all over his body. It looks like it had been starting to melt or something.
Mary hadn’t been gone for a long time before a man came stumbling into the alley. He was carrying a couple of bags, limping from his left leg. Balthazar held his breath, a little afraid, as the man walked right passed him. He watched his dirty, beaten face as he marched further into the alley; he looked tired and blue, pale and thin. The boy couldn’t help but be curious and feel a little sorry for him. The homeless man sat by a dumpster and took a deep breath as he looked up to the stars. He coughed rather intensely, hugging his ribs while he winced in pain.
He doesn’t recoil or try to escape, he merely waits for her to reach him. What would be the point of running anyway? He’s already dead and she’s got all of eternity to chase after him, it is only a matter of time until she catches up with him.
? How would Dean feel if he confessed in front of everyone he saw themselves falling in love and forming a family? Dean wouldn’t like that, he’d be uncomfortable, the angel knew it, knew
we bring justice for the mortals. You just need to have some faith in me, Cas. I
"He's going to rule Heaven one day, or so he says," she continued, "and he wants to close Hell. As in,
Dean frowns.
Castiel loses track of time. He has no idea for how long he’s there, crying in John’s arm like he’s a child all over again. He can’t breathe, he can’t think, the pain is excruciating. He falls asleep at some point only to wake up with a start hours later as his mind reminds him that he’s got a son to take care of. John’s still there with him when he gets up and starts walking away without saying a word. He follows his son in law just to make sure he gets home, even though they don’t share a word. Cas almost trips on the stairs, waking his mother up. She stands there, not knowing what to say, and merely watches her son continue his way to the pup’s room. The little boy is sleeping in his bed, dreaming peacefully.
So Destiel is cannon in Spanish, what a time to be bilingual, huh?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe that’s why you can’t find them, Cas. If they were in danger, maybe your other you warded them with the same sigils you burnt on us.”
“I called my brother. We’re going to stay with him for a while. Cas, it’s okay,” he quickly adds when his husband looks worried and is probably about to protest against putting Dean’s family in danger, “he’s an agent too, nobody knows where he lives, or what our names are either. However they found us, it wasn’t through the FBI, they’ve kept us safe all these years, we can still trust them, we can trust Bobby and Sam. We’ll be safe, we’ll start over, together. Sam’s eager to meet you, you know? You two nerds are going to hit it off really quickly, I promise.”
, Cas! I’ve been planning this awhile. Crowley thinks we’re staying in to study so he won’t bother us, the party is in a familiar building, I know all the exits out if shit goes down, I promise not to drink, it’s a chill crowd so there won’t be any drugs, and my friends promised to walk us home so we won’t be alone late at night around campus.”
“No, it’s not all bad,” Castiel whispers, finally softening, against Dean’s lips.
“Yeah, well, both of you have been through big changes. Listen to me. You've gotta be organised and patient. It's extremely important that you establish a regular feeding and sleeping schedule, for the both of you, and you must stick to it like your life depends on it because if you don't catch some sleep too, you're going to go insane, okay?"
The guys from the soccer team are laughing their asses off as Dean retreats out of the building. Castiel tries not to feel bad by how mortified Dean looks.
“It’d be for a while. Just until it’s safe for you to return.”
“You’re a jerk.”
Sam was torn; he agreed with Rowena, it wasn’t even in the top 100 bad news they’d ever received, but he couldn’t help feeling sorry for Dean: this was
she even was right about it being someone else and not her husband who was behind the murders.
Something heavy drops in Castiel’s stomach at his own words. No matter the reason for Satan’s visit, it cannot be good, it’s not a social call. Fear finally crawls into his soul when he recognizes that presence as that of the devil’s. He doesn’t know how he knows it, he just does, he can feel it in his bones, can feel his magic reacting to the presence of the one that gave it power in the first place.
Dean’s confused voice asks in the dark, “I’m… making out with you?”
There's a surprise bonus chapter coming soon done in collaboration with a dear friend of mine.
“Please, you must listen to me! I’m not a threat to you!” she tried to reason with her brethren.
“Wow, wow, easy, there, Balthazar,” Dean placed a hand on his shoulder. “Alright, calm down, son, nobody’s kicking anyone out, okay? Just- don’t break the furniture, okay?”
“Is Benny gay too?” John asks, voice barely audible, to his wife at the same time Cas snaps his head around and in a hurt voice whispers, “what?
Dean’s stomach dropped. He looked around, half-expecting to see a body he’d missed, and though there was blood just next to the altar, there was no body.
“-awesome,” Dean finished for the angel with a nod, his cheeks flushed.
By now Gabriel has learned that when things like this happen, it’s because Castiel has had a nightmare or
The next minutes are spent talking loudly, sharing drinks and snacks, and counting down the minutes until Charlie and Gilda have to exit the closet together. A few of them eye the bottle like they want to go for it next. Inias is one of them and Cas all but curses under his breath. He can’t break the curse until he touches the object again and at the moment Pamela keeps it under her clutches. As long as Inias doesn’t get his hands on it, Castiel should be spared from seven very awkward minutes trapped in a closet with him.
“Did you find Cas?” Sam asks again rather distractedly as he gazes out the window, getting familiar with the town and its surroundings.
“Darling, are you okay?” his grandmother asks him, reaching to touch him. He feels nothing when her fingers ghost along his arm.
Dean sighed long and hard while they merely looked at each other for a moment. He knew she knew something was wrong and there was really no point hiding the truth from her, she already knew what -no, rather
“You think bullets can kill me,
Sam had been right. Even after what Cas felt that afternoon, all the power that flowed through town, he couldn’t stop thinking of them as only the children who prayed for his help. They hadn’t hurt anybody, they could have crushed Amar and yet they didn’t. Sure, the earthquake must have certainly caused damages, but that had been the children trying to defend themselves, he couldn’t really blame them and categorize them as monsters. If Amar hadn’t provoked them, they would have probably gone by unnoticed.
Dean frowns for a moment, taken aback by the response. This is far from the loud and cheerful reaction he’d expected from his family. “Well, it seems like a good moment, don’t you think?” he explains, huffing a laugh. “We thought it was a good decision. We’re really stable economically speaking, we’re thinking of buying a house, maybe make you grandparents soon, if the adoption comes through quickly-”
We're coming super close to a reunion now (; dun dun dunnnn
Tessa blinks. “It’s in here.” With that, she unfolds the newspapers to a specific page and holds it right in front of Cas’ face.
“You did pretty well last night, Cas,” Dean tells him the next day while they’re watching a movie together at home. “Might invite you more often now that you’ve got some practise around people.”
“Hold it! There’s not much, so let’s make it worth it. Let’s play a game, shall we?” she wiggles her eyebrows and looks around the table, grinning like an idiot. “We haven’t played ‘never have I ever’ in a while.”
“Well, you turned up in
“Shut up, freak, nobody asked you,” Dick hisses at him although shallow and weak insults are as far as Dick allows himself to go with Castiel these days. Of course it’s not like he
In hindsight he should have perhaps found it a little alarming how well she was tying him up. His wrists over his head bound to the headboard, his legs pulled apart, tied to each post of the bed frame. He cannot move at all, he pulls from the ropes so hard he almost pulls a muscle but they don’t budget at all. She got him good, she tied him up methodically and professionally, like she had practised this many times before. The knot was too complicated for just a light BDSM session. No, this was meant to keep someone who would
Castiel considers his question and eventually smiles. He leans in to kiss Dean, lingering in the kiss without a hurry before he pulls away to respond.
someone.”
Surprisingly, he responds, “yes… yes, I will be.”
Castiel shrugs it off. “I can’t help thinking I made a mistake. I should have left Jack with you, he had a large, loving family here. They all love him so much. With me… there’s
“No, Mary, they aren’t.”
Castiel doesn’t get Dean at all. The lingering stares, the bright smiles, the compliments... It took him a while to notice because Cas is just really bad at that sort of thing, but he’s come to realize that Dean’s either flirting with him or pretending to. Why would he do either, though? To piss him off? To try and coax a reaction out of him? If so, to what ex? Does he think he’s got a better chance at getting close to him by flirting? Then again Dean could actually, for some amazing and crazy reason, be into him which would be both flattering and unfortunate. But it doesn’t make sense, not with the way Cas has been treating him. Why would Dean like
“Then he said they
"Go back to sleep, Dean," Cas whispered gently, tentatively running a hand through Dean's hair before he moved towards the crib. Dean opened one eye to see Castiel taking Zep into his arms, showering the boy with soft kisses on the cheek as he mumbled something in Enochian.
Cas nods like that settles it, then, very simply, and Dean can fucking swear he's going to ask something stupid yet oddly adorable like how they should proceed, so instead Dean
line,” Dean huffed a laugh, trying to lighten the mood. “What’s with you today?”
Balthazar ran around the open field that stretched out for kilometres on end all around them, picking up flowers from bushes here and there, talking to the bees. ‘Now
“You mean the earthquake?”
“First of all, it isn't more than you deserve because I know you and you’re a great person… but things like what? Try to explain it to me, Dean, maybe I can help you.”
him there. Of course he’d prefer the nature of their relationship to be of a more intimate nature, but Dean could love whoever he wished, fuck whoever he desired, that was fine, as long as he wanted Castiel by his side, the angel would remain on Earth with him. As long as Dean was happy with their relationship, so would Cas.
, he wonders.
So, yes, Castiel remembers, he remembers very well. He wishes he could find the guy and break his legs and rip his soul apart.
“How do you know I’ll text you?” Dean asks. He could just never text Castiel and there wouldn’t be a thing he’d be able to do about it.
He deletes the words again, faster this time, like it pains him to stare at them a second longer.
Sam shrugs. “I don't know, you spent an awful lot of time locked up together in your rooms,” his brother teases him. “I guess everyone just assumed-”
“It’s Charles’ familiar. She never met the boy, doesn’t recognise his scent but his magic has trails of his father’s. You— you stink of hunters. She would have ripped you apart if I weren’t with you.”
Dean’s not sure he’s offended or if he finds it somewhat endearing when Castiel reacts all surprised to being called a
“Perfect!” Gabe beams and Cas lifts an eyebrow in response. “Think about it, it’s better if they don’t know, they won’t try to stop us then. All we need to do now is take their blood.”
“Stop, Sam! Look! Look, he’s fine! He’s fine!”
ruin everything. It's one thing to ruin my life, but his…
“I’m not who you expected?” he asks knowingly. “Well, I had to send Castiel and your brother back home to shower. They were starting to stink to place.”
“Thanks…” Dean gives him a thankful smile, walking towards him while he dries his hands with some paper. He throws the paper in the trashcan next to Castiel and crowds him against the wall, not really caring for a second that someone could walk in and see them. Cas smiles at him, hands reaching out to touch his arms, both young men comfortable and familiar with each other’s touch by now. “But a bet is a bet, you could have tried to fuck me in the bathroom. You’re being very civilized.”
“Mary, it's okay-”
She looks up, startled for a second, as if she had forgotten of his presence. She spaces out like that sometimes, it gives Cas the feeling that she’s fading away, her
Dean looked up at her, slightly confused at the question, then pulled himself together and smiled at his daughter. “Yeah, a little bit,” he lied.
“I’m done with you.”
It’s almost an invitation to fight and even though Castiel wants to, even though he knows he could bring Dean down to his knees with pain with a simple spell, he also knows he cannot harm him or forcefully take the key from him without getting cursed himself. Although his family likes to joke around saying he is almost indestructible because of how powerful he is, Castiel would rather not test a very deadly curse. Now that he knows Dean has the key, he has to formulate some sort of plan to steal it from him, find some sort of loophole that allows him to do that.
. But the Winchesters weren’t the kind to sit around and relax. The boys needed to keep their minds busy to avoid uninvited thoughts and cruel memories to haunt their minds. So, as usual, they got back to hunting almost right away. It was either joining them or staying back at the bunker, all by himself, so Castiel went with them too.
“Is this about Ed, baby?”
Dean simply nodded, unable to bring himself to lie out loud and in her face.
Cas nods, that's all the response he can come up with. Dean observes him for a moment to make sure it's pleasure and
die.”
“Oh, don’t flatter yourself too much, Cas,” he jokes. “It’s not just about you. Look, raising you was… challenging, for sure.” Gabriel snorts and smirks for a second, displaying that characteristic cheekiness of his as he remembers something, but then his expression softens once more. “But I liked it, man. I’m going to admit it, I had a good time. It gave me a sense of purpose like I hadn’t felt in a long,
When he emerges from his room, he can barely look in Castiel’s direction while he’s still fast asleep in the couch. He’s kicked his sheets off, threw them on the ground sometime during the night, and Dean groans when he finally gets a glimpse of those glorious thighs. When father and son wake up, Dean tries to pretend everything is normal, but he keeps blushing like an idiot when Cas smiles his way or unconsciously moving away when his friend touches him in the slightest. He’s quiet, withdrawn like he was never before, and Castiel must pick up the change in the atmosphere because he excuses himself and leaves with his son before Dean even has a chance to suggest they have breakfast together.
“Why did he do it though? Why did he try to kill himself?”
“Okay. If you hear anything else, you call me.”
They just
Meg groans as if she’s just remembered something repugnant. “They're disgustingly in love, he's extremely loyal and it gives me nausea to watch them together.”
she thinks with annoyance.
“What do you mean he run away? When?” Dean asked, half angry at the woman, half panicking. That’s just about their bloody luck.
Everything was going well, until they decided it was better to head back to the bunker to get some lunch ready before Dean had the chance to start preparing hamburgers. They picked up the books and walked to the librarian’s desk to get permission to take the books home with them. Mary was telling Sam where she had left off with geography at school when she looked up and found her aunt looking down at her with a bright smile.
The moment the door opens, a loud eruption of
not seen it coming. Vampires, werewolves
In their bedroom upstairs, Dean’s and Cas’ baby was about to be born. The human father couldn’t be present; the light of his child’s grace would burn his eyes. But Castiel wasn’t alone; his brethren had come to offer their support. Hannah and Samandriel were upstairs supervising the birth of the second nephilim, one of their future leaders. Even Heaven was excited.
of their children, were his entire world. And his newborn son, not only an hour old, was already in danger, just for the sake of being his boy. How selfish he’d been, he should have never- but he couldn’t even imagine life without having had them.
“Because,” Mary sighed impatiently, “it’s safer.”
As if nothing had happened, as if Castiel hadn’t been talking dirty to him a second ago, he responds, “I did. You needed to rest.”
“You’re going to be fine,” Gabriel repeats stubbornly over and over again while Cas looks at him in shock, still spitting blood out of his mouth. He frowns up at Gabriel, finding no comfort in his brother’s faith, but he keeps trying his damn hardest to put his magic to good use, to save his own life.
The door opened and the two kids jumped back, holding tightly onto each other. It was Josie. She closed the door behind her very slowly and put a finger to her lips, telling them to be quiet.
Cas nods as he stands. “Saturday.”
is at the tip of Dean's tongue but he knows better. Still, he can't help a small smile of victory as he pulls his T-shirt over his head and drops it on the floor. He's never been shy about his body but he hesitates for a moment when he sees Novak undoing the buttons on the wrists of his shirt only to roll up his sleeves. Dean stares at Castiel while he continues to take his own clothes off, feeling self-conscious as he becomes the only of the two getting naked.
John, who is as surprised as the boys even though he was the one barging in, merely mutters an apology and something intelligible about dinner before awkwardly closing the door again.
“Again, I don’t know why they’d ask for my help in that case. My take on how to handle the nephilim is the same as any of my brothers’.”
Dean offers him the bouquet. It brings out such a bright smile in Cas, like Dean’s offering him diamonds instead of one of the cheapest flowers in the shop.
Garth stops spinning the bottle around and holds it in place with the tip of his fingers over it, glancing around in offering instead of trying to spin it for himself. Cas sees the exact moment when Inias decides it’s his turn and the young witch panics. Before he knows what he’s doing, he darts forwards and spins the bottle.
"Yeah, so, hmm, good night, Cas," he patted him in the arm again, rather awkwardly this time, and walked away, leaving the angel staring after him.
Hi guys!
“I need to take them to Heaven,” Nithael said, his urgent tone worrying Dean even more. “The baby- he’s fine, he’s the strongest. But these two are very weak. They used a lot of their energy.”
“I am watching you,” Satan continues, although it sounds more like a threat now, “and I don’t like what I see. You are
“Did you just quote Bambi?” Dean takes Castiel’s confusion as a negative answer but still grins. “She’s something, isn’t’ she? She hangs out with me to annoy her dad because apparently he would
Dean chuckled. “Well, that’s specific,” he said. “Do you remember the name?”
“I can’t let you do that,” Cas warned him. "And I won't let you hurt this man either."
of an angel.
The blonde grabbed hold of her grace with all her might so it wouldn’t expand and scare the deer away. Balthazar kept talking to it and she was thankful for the distraction as a couple of tears ran down her face. She looked up to the sky and closed her eyes.
"Stop!" Cas yelled as he turned to watch his friends choking in pain. "I don't want to hurt them! They're mine, they're my children!"
“No, you stay here. I don't want to overwhelm him. I'll be right back, Baltz, I promise. Just- let me talk to Jessie, okay? Look after Zep. I won't be long.”
"Do you know why I ran away, why I turned myself into the FBI and helped them?” Cas suddenly asks, though his sight remains frozen on the window. “I didn't do it because I was some kind of noble hero that wanted to stop bad men from doing their evil deeds. That would have never been a good enough reason for me, I was too afraid of them. I didn't do it because it was the right thing to do, because I am still not and probably will never be a good person…”
Leaning forward a little to meet Dean’s eyes, he says, “as long as you mean that and you’re not just saying it to act tough. I’m the parent, you’re the kid. Let me worry about you and worry less about me.”
“I’m not dead, Charlie,” he grunts in response.
Dean felt something tug at his stomach when Cas entered the room with the baby boy in his arms, smiling happily down at his son, like he didn't have a care in the world. He looked perfectly comfortable with the boy in his arms and made no attempt to even help Sam set up the baby's high chair he was dragging in a box. He wouldn't have even purchased it if Sam hasn't insisted he was sure it was necessary. Cas could carry the boy in his arms until he started to walk, though he figured that kind of attachment wouldn't be good for his son's development. But the moment Dean said a very shy 'hey' in Castiel's direction, the baby turned his head around looking for the source of that voice. He knew that voice, it was one of his favourite things in the whole world. When Zeppelin laid eyes on Dean, he smiled broadly and shrieked in delight, bouncing in Castiel's arms and reaching towards his other dad with his own. A couple of light bulbs in the kitchen exploded as the boy laughed happily and his grace danced around the room, filled with joy. Dean started and jumped back for a moment, but Castiel was advancing towards him and passed the baby on to him without saying a word. Zep grabbed onto Dean's t-shirt like his life depended on it and started babbling incoherently, fidgeting playfully in his arms. Sam sighed and went to get new light bulbs.
“You’ve always been prone to have weird shit happen around you too,” she explains, then points to his bandaged arm, “like getting attacked by a... wild dog, was it? How the hell did that happen, again?”
“Baltz, why don’t you wait here? Sit down and rest, I’ll be right back with food. Okay? Take care of Zeppelin while I go in.”
He was staring at the door of his bedroom, thinking he could so easily go in and hide, when Cas came out of Mary’s bedroom. They stared at each other for a moment before Cas smiled at him gently. It was all he needed to go on with his choice.
Not without a little hesitation, Dean takes what he can’t yet fit into his mouth with a hand and starts pumping Cas as he sucks the rest with his mouth. He hears Cas breathing hard above him but doesn’t dare look up, doesn’t want Cas to look at him either, although he probably is. He tries to do what he knows he likes, circling the head of Novak’s cock with his tongue and sucking at it while he works with his hand on the rest on a faster pace than with his mouth. Castiel seems to enjoy it as he moves his hips in short thrusts backwards and forwards. Inside his jeans, Dean is straining himself from how hard he is.
“Dude, we're gonna pick up a shit ton of stuff. And probably a tree, too,” Dean told him, glancing at the people who were talking vividly about their plans for Christmas. Their first Christmas without Michael. “And I am not getting needles all over Baby. Or scratches on her roof.”
“I would hope that no one has to hunt any angels anymore.” Cas' fingers danced over Dean's shoulder. “But I think you're right. You and Sam... you've saved the world enough times to deserve a quiet life. In fact... You already deserved that after stopping the apocalypse. Maybe even before that. Do you... did I ever tell you why I didn't come to you after the apocalypse? Why I never told you directly about Sam, or asked for your help with Heaven?”
“Okay, it makes sense.” Sam was gesturing with his hands, clearly getting into his own idea more and more as he talked. “Michael wanted to build himself an army, right? So there must be some sort of command structures. But now that he's gone, there are no more orders from above, so the monsters are slowly realizing that something's wrong, that he isn't there anymore. Or maybe there's even someone going around telling them, someone who happened to see us when we took him down or was at least smart enough to realize that Michael wasn't calling the shots anymore. So now that they're getting to know, we should probably watch out for them changing their behaviours, getting more cautious.”
Cas was sitting at a little table in the corner of the room, going over their shopping list again, but he had looked up at Dean when hearing the door open. “No, I'm sorry. It's just I heard the shower stop and then... I suppose I didn't expect you to, uh, to get dressed again.” He ducked his head down towards the list again, and Dean thought he could see a slight blush on his face, though it was difficult to tell with the shitty motel lighting.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, okay. I get it. I should have gotten over myself and professed my undying love to you a long time ago.”
A prince wanting a relationship with a Harem employee. Whoever had heard of such a thing, outside of romantic tales? And even those were usually about two royals.
Dean regarded him with renewed interest that didn't have anything to do with his body. Yes, it was a little silly of him expect honesty from a sex worker. “You have your siblings. Don't you speak openly with them?”
“You mean like, to ward her off?” The idea of Princess Hester not being able to get near him and screaming in rage as she tried, made his lips twitch upwards.
“Excuse me,” he said to the person who he thought was named Sara, recognizing her from his previous visits as well as from Dean's descriptions. But he wasn't a hundred percent sure about her name, and didn't mean to offend her. He put a hand over his heart and bowed his head slightly. “Heaven's blessing to you. May I inquire... have you seen Dean?”
Maybe Castiel had worried too much. Or, just as likely, Jack didn't understand what this meant.
Dean turned, his stomach clenching. He would be found out for an imposter, an unworthy and unwanted visitor, and he would be removed from the premises forcefully, never seeing Cas again...
Someone whistled, just as they broke apart, and Castiel saw Rowena and Charlie grinning, whispering to each other. In a slight panic, Castiel sought Jack's eyes, but the boy was just smiling the same as ever, and almost immediately went back to his conversation with Alex and Patience.
Dean kept his face carefully neutral. “You mean stay in my rooms.”
“Someone once taught me that too much detail may not be appreciated by humans.”
Then he added: “But I also bought this, because I think we're running lo-”
That night, Cas managed to sneak into his room again just about a minute before Dean would have locked up. But he just stood there, a little awkwardly, hands in his trench coat, until finally he said: “I wasn't sure if you wanted me to come tonight.”
Leaning back against the headrest, Dean took a few deep breaths, already missing Cas' hands on his. “How long?” he asked.
“I...” Dean's own voice was shaking, and he buried his face in Cas' neck, trying to will those images away, trying to believe Cas that it wasn't his fault, that it was all Michael, but he had been Michael, or Michael had been in him, and it had been his hands that had...
Dean was silent for a bit, thinking about the implications. If Cas was human, then he would need to eat and sleep and shower and all that stuff. But even more than that, he might want to live more like a human, more like regular humans did, that was.
Ezekiel nodded. “We have heard much about our counterparts. It is a shame so many of them were slain, though perhaps for us it a small blessing.” He frowned, perhaps unhappy with the way he had phrased that. “It seems to be a little awkward for the two Hesters.”
“Don't bother,” Castiel growled, planting himself on the edge of the couch opposite Gabriel. “He's otherwise occupied.”
The Prince only sipped on his wine, though, still standing between the bed and the couch. Dean wasn't sure what the protocol was, if he should offer a seat or if that would be an affront. After all, who was he to offer anything when the Prince and his family owned this whole place? Then again, they also owned the wine he had offered.
“It is about a matter of... well, the heart.” He frowned down at the papers, not sure what he would find on his brother's face.
“How're you feeling today?”
Her eyes were wide. “Castiel?” she asked, her voice shrill. Then she suddenly started laughing, sounding a bit manic. “Oh, that is an interesting jest. No, really, I'm impressed. Did Gabriel set you up to this? It's Gabriel, isn't it. He's always had a peculiar sense of humour, that one.” She sneered.
Cas sighed. “Actually, this is something I have been thinking about for a while now, not for the sake of Heaven, but for me. It's just that it might incidentally be beneficial for Heaven, too.” After a heartbeat of hesitation, Cas finally said: “I want to become human.”
“I suppose I let them choose for me. But before you ask, no, I do not go along with every proposition I get. Mostly because I'm rather slow on the uptake on these things and tend not to understand what's been offered.” He heard and felt Dean laugh against his chest. “If I don't like someone, I don't have sex with them. Or if there is some other reason against it, like not being in the mood. Which is most days.”
When Cas stuck his head into the room, Dean froze.
“I won't. Living with you – really living, as a human – is what I want. That will never change.”
“Good morning, Dean.”
“Oh, okay. Just checking, since the Chief said all those pagan deity things are real and all.”
“Doesn't he need it?” Cas asked, frowning, but he came to sit beside Dean.
“Oh? Oh my. What's this, Cassie. Could it be that you like him? Could it possibly be that you have taken t-”
The little fucker.
“And by 'some people' you mean yourself.” The person huffed, crossing their arms in front of their chest. They weren't bad looking, despite the frown on their face. Tall, dark hair that stuck out in every which direction, even features, some scruff. Nice body, too, from what Dean could tell through their robe, which was a midnight blue and adorned similarly to what Gabriel wore.
And then Prince Castiel returned, standing in the middle of the room like a deer in the torch light.
Castiel frowned. “I don't know what that expression means. But you must be the sweetest man alive.”
There was a rip in the library. A goddamn, honest to God dimensional tear like the one they had used to travel to apocalypse world and back. Dean tried to tell himself that it didn't necessarily mean anything bad, that this might be a visit from a friendly neighbourhood dimension, some sort of relaxed crossover event.
“You were already there at five to?” Castiel asked, confused. Meg was usually the one to make him wait.
“But the archangel blade... it only works if an archangel yields it, right? And I don't suppose Michael spiked himself.”
“We live to serve,” Dean said sarcastically. “So what, you're just gonna waltz out of here and into – where exactly?”
Castiel blinked at him. “You knew?”
Then Cas moved slightly, his eyes still closed, and he pressed a kiss to Dean's hand.
Castiel sighed. “Yes, he certainly would have. His mind was twisted beyond saving.”
(Also also another Star Trek reference at the end... I cannot be restrained.)
“I have faith in free will because of you. And in humanity.” Cas scooted closer to him again. “You know, Metatron once told me that I was in love with humanity. But I think he got his facts a little confused. I'm in love with you, and you made me care for humanity, for the whole world.”
Lily came back, throwing him a worried glance, but she was off again before he could say anything.
“Fuck,” he cursed, struggling to get up, “what the hell? Why doesn't the silver work on you, bastard?”
Sam scoffed, but promised to see what he could find in the kitchen. Then he left, and Cas seemed like he wanted to follow him right out of the door.
“Yeah, pretty sure he wouldn't have tried to throw Michael through the room.”
“I should have asked. It's just...” Cas sighed, kissed Dean's chest. “It's ridiculous, really. But I want you to be mine.”
Dean shrugged. “I can sleep on the couch if you want.”
“What's wrong with my old clothes?” Dean grumbled, pulling Castiel from his musing. He turned in the chair, in which he had taken position at Dean's reading table. It wasn't the first time Dean made this argument, if it could even be called that, and Castiel had a feeling that it wouldn't be the last time.
to know and I-” Dean took a deep breath. “Look, I don't regret it, okay? I'm just really... overwhelmed, I guess, and I don't want Sam to look at me differently or...” He broke off, looking troubled.
Dean turned off the water and dried his hands on a towel next to the sink, then walked in the direction the voice was coming from. As he rounded the corner, he spotted another person, who could only be described as burly. They had their back to Dean as they called again: “Lily?”
“They don't think they have to hide from hunters anymore, yeah. The guys we swatted? Pretty sure they were trying to lure us in.”
“Well, is there a map I can study? Any signposts or mythical creatures who can show me the way?”
“Did you just... pray to me to look at your behind?” Cas asked, blinking in confusion.
She got up and bowed to him, not quite able to hide a smile. “My Prince. Dean is in his room.”
Also I changed the predicted number of chapters from 8 to 9 because something got waaaaay too long and I had to split it. I'll also be deleting the chapter titles in a sec because I realized that I'm dumb and I could have just not added any instead of doubling the 'Chapter X' thing. *insert Picard facepalm meme here*
