“I guess I’ll see you around,” MJ says. She doesn’t leave right away, and it makes Peter wonder if she has more she wants to say. But she never does.
“But you had a baby, correct?” Sam asks and Steve nods. “And moved in together?”
Happy Easter/ Passover to anyone who celebrates!
Steve stares at it again and with one shaky hand, reaches for it. His fingers wrap around the test, his grip on it so tight he feels he might snap it in two. The tears in his eyes can no longer be concealed and they escape, rolling down his face and creating wet tracks.
“You’re gonna tell him?”
“Just tired. She woke up a lot last night.”
When he greets the fallen Avenger, a wave of emotion crashes over him. He keeps a firm grip on himself, not giving away any ounce of what he’s feeling. But inside he’s in awe of the Avengers’ presence. The last time he saw Steve Rogers was the day his lifeless body was removed from the Quinjet and taken away to be prepped for a funeral.
“Oh. That’s good...I think. And um I didn’t do anything stupid, right? Like chase after any betas or omegas? I tend to...do that.”
Tony smirks and raises one brow. “Oh yeah? Maybe I will keep it then.”
“Me? I’d never.”
He spends all night downstairs in the living room, curled up on the sofa, emitting small groans every time his stomach tightens. The pain wasn’t the worst thing he’s ever experienced, but it wasn’t comfortable either.
“I want to.”
“No, not really. Just something that’s been bothering me lately. I can’t remember anything about that night.”
Tony returns a few minutes later with a bottled coke and a glass filled to the brim with green liquid. Peter can’t help but grimace at the sludge.
He couldn’t let them know. Not yet.
“Your baby, asshole. Now do you believe me?”
Tony smiles. “Thanks, kiddo.”
“Nope,” Peter shakes his head. “It’s called Google.”
Hello! I just want to say thank you for the warm wishes and kind words! It's definitely boosted my spirits. I'm feeling a bit better today and since I'm forced to lie in bed, I'm taking advantage to write. I hope everyone is doing well!
“Parts. I don’t know yet about the shield. That was his and I’m not...I’m not him.”
Tony decides to do the same and hang up his suit. The world would go on without him, but his family couldn’t. They were his world. They meant more to him than anything else.
“It’s okay,” Tony assures. He’s not sure if he believes those words, but it’s all he’s got right now. The last thing he expected was to find Steve pregnant and in labor. “You’re gonna be fine. You can do this.”
“Come on. I know you want to tell me something. Just say it.”
Tony shakes his head and makes an attempt to get off the floor, only to sink back down and hands flying out to grip the sides of the toilet. He vomits again.
Tony smiles softly. “I love you too.”
“You’re not helping.”
The bear is blue and wearing a version of Captain America’s uniform. It had been a gift from both Bucky and Sam. It was Sam’s idea to get the bear, knowing it would help cheer their nephew up whenever Steve needed to go. And Sam had been right. Bucky hated when his husband was right because it usually led to bragging.
Steve sneaks out of the apartment before Tony even wakes. The sun is hidden behind the clouds, making everything around him gloomy and gray. It was fitting.
“Morning. Hey, dad, can we work on my project?”
“Why are you showing me this?”
But a part of him wonders if Flash would even hurt him. Peter can only keep his fingers crossed.
Seeing Steve deteriorate every day is hard on everyone, but no one truly understands how guilty Tony feels about all of it. He was the one responsible for it after all.
Pepper inhales sharply. “I miss not having such a large workload. Did you even respond to those emails I sent you?”
“Da?” Peter points at the front door and Steve turns, expecting to find his fiancé. But Tony’s not home yet.
Steve rushes to the door and his hand wraps around the knob, but he can’t bring himself to turn it. He wants nothing more than to run after Tony and tell him everything, but he doesn’t. What good would that do? Tony was engaged. He was happy.
Peter gasps and quickly scurries out of the tent, taking Tony’s hand and dragging him toward the direction of their home. “Come on, Daddy! I’m hungry.”
“Oh relax, boys,” Natasha rolls her eyes and begins pouring everyone a glass of wine. “It’s Peter. He isn’t capable of doing anything wrong. Steve made sure of that.”
Steve chuckles and leans back on his haunches. He gives a small shrug in response. “Guess I just wanted to surprise you. And thank you for lunch.”
Ned’s eyes widen when he looks at the picture. “Is that…”
Steve nods. “I want to get better. I have a family now and...and how can I be there for them when I’m falling apart? I just want my life back. That’s all.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m here for you. You know that, right? If you ever need me, for anything, I’m here. You mean a lot to everyone, Steve. I hope you know that.”
“Sam, this is Tony-” Steve begins.
Natasha and Clint are with him, watching from the other side of the large glass window as the pups are looked over.
Steve ignores her, too busy getting the rest of his children out of the vehicle. James helps out the best that he can, taking his younger brother’s hand while Steve gets Sarah out next.
It still hasn’t sunk in that he was a father. He didn’t know what the hell he was supposed to do. Raising a kid-no scratch that. He didn’t raise Peter. Steve did it all. And it only makes Tony feel worse about himself.
“It was like that night all over again. I had already lost him and...seeing you fall...I’ve never felt so helpless.”
JARVIS sighs. “Might I suggest sitting down to put on your shoes?”
Steve was done.
“Tony, he’s...you don’t know him like I do.”
His papa is lying still, but it’s not the lack of movement that has Peter’s blood running cold; it’s the sight of his father’s blood. It’s everywhere, covering the lower half of his suit, the fabric stained a dark red. Blue eyes are still open, but there’s fear and pain in them, a look Peter hasn’t seen before.
Peter eventually finds his destination. He stares up in awe at the unique skyscraper. He had seen it before, but never had a reason to visit.
“We need to tell Pete,” Sam says. “He’ll want to know. He’s been wondering since Tony came back.”
Natasha grins. “I’m kidding. But seriously, Steve, I’m here.”
Tony heaves out a sigh and pulls Steve into his arms. He cradles the omega’s head, bringing it to his chest and allowing him to cry. Steve clings to him tightly, soft sobs and sniffs filling the room.
But Steve still can’t help but feel hurt that Tony forgot. It wasn’t like he particularly cared about the holiday, and he’d be more upset if Tony had forgotten his birthday, but every year Tony was doing something special. Maybe Steve was spoiled and he was turning into a brat.
Peter rushes back the way he came, hoping and praying that he wasn’t too late, or that he’d end up killed before he even made it back.
“Shh, it’s okay,” Tony soothes.
“I take it you heard all that,” Tony says and Steve nods. “I was going to tell you…eventually.”
Tony is closer enough, close enough for Steve to reach out and touch him. He’s careful when he does it. He cups Tony’s cheek, their eyes locking. Tony’s never appeared so broken.
Tony sighs. “I know. We went over, by like, two minutes.”
The next chapter will be Tony reading the letter and finding out about Steve. And I’ll also get into what happened with Sam and Bucky.
Tony doesn’t push, not wanting to start a fight in front of their teammates. Natasha must sense the tension between them and she shifts uncomfortably in her seat. Morgan is growing fussy again and before Tony can take her back, Natasha offers to calm her down and she gets up from the couch to take Morgan for a little walk.
“I’m fine. I just want to stare at him for a bit,” Steve says, another yawn creeping up on him, and no matter how hard he tries to stifle it, he fails miserably.
Steve eventually agrees. “Okay.”
“Eh.” Tony shrugs. “I’ll work on it.”
An incoming call interrupts his meditation and Steve’s eyes snap open, immediately landing on the little screen when his husband’s name appears.
A heavy silence fills the room. Steve’s breathing appears too loud. His heart is still racing, pounding roughly against his ribcage that it almost hurts. He strains his ears, relying on his enhanced hearing to pick up on the sound he should be perceiving. The room remains silent.
It would be worth it.
A deep rumble forms in Tony’s chest and makes its way up his throat. Steve spreads his legs invitingly, encouraging the alpha to take what was his. Alphas always came first.
“Really?” Peter asks,hopeful.
Steve leads Tony out of the room and toward the elevator. He keeps a close eye on his husband, ready to catch him again if he were to fall. It’s not until they’re stepping through the front door of their apartment does Tony make a beeline for the guest bathroom. Steve rushes after him.
“I’ll go get him okay?”
Bucky rolls his eyes and steps away to allow Sam to enter their apartment. It wasn’t the first time he’s greeted Sam this way. Sam’s had Bucky’s phone pressed into his face more times than he can count. Usually it was when Bucky didn’t understand something about his phone or when he wanted to show Sam whatever he’s come across on the internet. Luckily for Sam it’s nothing weird this time and just a simple text from his nephew.
“What-”
“Hey, Petey what’s going on?” Tony asks softly.
Tony smiles. “Good.”
The pup was his.
“One day I’ll claim you and you’ll be mine forever,” Alpha murmurs against the bonding gland. He kisses the spot again. “You’ll be my omega,” he continues and trails a hand between their bodies, pressing his palm flat against the spot where the newest pup was growing. “I’ll put another pup here.”
“Hey, we did fun and educational things. We learned about colors, some math equations. You know...kid stuff.”
Sorry for the rant. I’ll update soon!
Steve whimpers at the image and nods his head. “Y-yes. Tony, please? Please?”
I'll update when I can!
Tony glances over at Peter again. “I won’t. This suit is going to be my best one yet.”
Steve follows Dr. Strange’s advice and joins a group therapy. Apparently there were a few to choose from, but the one his doctor recommended leaned more toward omegas  and any trauma they’ve sustained under the hands of aggressive alphas or even abuse from betas and other omegas.
“She can’t be here right now.”
Steve huffs out a laugh. “I was going to tell you, but I guess he beat me to it.”
Peter brings the cake out with a proud smile and helps light the candles. It’s bittersweet when everyone starts singing, and a few tears are shed. Natasha is once again there to comfort Peter. Tony’s eyes roam over the rest of the team, taking in their hurt expression and tears. Bucky is crying and Sam has to pull him close and whisper what Tony can only assume are words of comfort.
Tony reaches out to pat him on the shoulder, then he turns and heads toward the door. He has one hand on the knob when Steve speaks to him.
“It’s fine. Trust me, he’ll never find you or your pup again. You’re safe with me.”
Steve relaxes almost immediately at those words. Maybe because they sound so similar to the first words Tony had said to their pups when they met.
“Hey, hey,” Tony’s voice is calm when he takes Steve’s hands in his own. “You’re a wonderful mother. I know finding out about them is shocking but...it’s okay to be scared. They’re terrified too. But they have you now to take care of them.”
“Then why the hell are you skipping school? I thought you wanted to get into a good college.”
“FRI-”
Steve doesn’t even flinch when the piece of leather is strapped around his neck.
“He’s asleep,” Steve whispers and he glances up at Tony. “Thank you. I didn’t know what to do.”
It finally happens.
“Please,” Tony begs. “Please. I need you. I need you.”
Tony holds Steve close as they make love. He keeps one hand over his mate’s belly, wishing this would be the night they conceive their fifth child, but then he’s reminded of the obstacle preventing that wish from coming true.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
But then he met Tony Stark and his world had been changed forever. Steve never thought in a million years that he’d find a mate and start a family. Back in the day he had been the scrawny omega that alphas didn’t bother to look twice at. And then being in Hydra’s clutches made him lose hope for good. It wasn’t until he literally ran into Tony did he realize that Hydra hadn’t stolen everything from him.
“P-Pet-er?” Harley looks up at Steve for confirmation. Steve smiles, which makes the little boy smile back.
“We’ll be fine,” Tony assures.
Tony hadn’t meant to wake up grumpy. If anyone asked about his sour attitude he had no problem letting them in on all of his issues. Complaining was probably getting on everyone’s nerves, but they weren’t pregnant like he was. They weren’t dealing with the discomfort that came with making another human being.
It’s late by the time Tony gets to the hospital. He rushes through the front doors and toward the maternity ward, repeating the number of the room over and over in his head. He reaches the correct floor and takes off in a small sprint until he’s standing at the door to the room. He slowly opens the door, careful not to disturb the people inside.
He’s just finished getting off the phone with a doctor. He feels hopeful now that he’s taken the first step in getting help for his husband, but he’s quickly reminded that they had a long road ahead of them. Steve wasn’t going to bounce back overnight.
Peter cautiously moves toward the empty sofa across from his uncle Bucky. The stern look hasn’t gone away, and it only makes Peter feel worse. He sinks into the sofa cushion in fear.
Just thinking about what the omega told him makes Tony see red. Steve hadn’t said everything, but the details he did reveal was enough. Tony didn’t know who that alpha was but he hopes he never crosses paths with him.
“Makes sense. It’s practically in my veins. With you I smell...it’s sweet, maybe sweeter now with the pup. It’s good...really good.”
“And coffee?” Tony raises a questioning brow when Steve brings Tony’s favorite mug and puts it down in front of him.
“Forget it. You want to walk away then fine. I don’t need you for anything. You’re just a coward.”
“Thank you, Nick. I want to keep this child safe.”
Steve fastens his belt around his waist and double checks that he has everything he needs for the mission ahead. He puts on the helmet and gloves, then he grabs his shield, taking a moment to study it. This would be the last time he held the shield and took it into battle.
“Not yet,” he says softly. “Sarah is still sleeping.”
“Mama, play!” Peter breaks free from Steve’s arms so that he can crawl off the omega and lower himself onto the floor.
Steve’s jaw clenches and his hands ball into fists. “He’s not my alpha,” he seethes.
“And neither did you.”
“No, someone tied with him! Happy, his alpha! Who was his alpha?”
And he fucked it all up.
“Hmm?” Tony hums and turns around in his chair to face the screen. His face falls. “Forget it. I’m not doing that this year.”
“Take it.” Peter steps forward and offers the shield. “You deserve it. If anyone should be the next Captain America then it’s you.”
“Nothing. Just tell him that I’m gone for business.”
“Steve?” Tony gently shakes the omega until he’s stirring and blue eyes are fluttering open. “Hey, sleepyhead. Bruce is on his way.”
“Uh, J, shut down for me please. Thanks, buddy.”
“No,” Steve shakes his head. He knows exactly what Tony’s referring to. “We haven’t had sex and the last test I took was negative. I can’t get pregnant.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony cries out in frustration and is ready to throw his phone into the wall, only to pause mid throw when Pepper bursts through the door. Tony heaves out a sigh and is ready to tell her to give him five fucking minutes, but then he notices the tears in her eyes.
“I know,” Peter says again and he glances down at his lap, fidgeting with his fingers. “I’m sorry too.”
“I thought you wanted him gone?”
Dinner is on the stove and the table is set. It had been a while since the dining table had been used for eating, usually its purpose was a storage space. For weeks Steve had been wanting to eat there, but with a new baby and work, they always ended up eating downstairs with the team or from the comfort of the sofa. Tonight that was going to change.
“Good.” Tony reaches into the bag and takes out the velvet box. He opens it to reveal the gold band inside. A chorus of ‘Ooohs’ fills the room. “What do you think?”
“You didn’t know.”
“Why the hell would I? He’s my son.”
“Yeah. Get some rest. I have a meeting in like ten minutes. Maybe afterwards we can talk? Get some breakfast?”
“I’m sorry,” Peter whispers, followed by a sniff. The tears in his eyes don’t go unnoticed and Tony scoots closer to wrap him in a hug. Peter clings to him tightly, missing the comfort. “I’m sorry, dad. I’m sorry I screwed up.”
They were like fire and gasoline; a recipe for a massive explosion. And on many occasions that fire was lit and they were both left standing in the rubble.
Steve frowns and glances down at his son. “Maybe.”
“Is he moving?” Pepper asks, coming over to feel for herself. Tony takes her hand and leads it to the spot where the baby was currently kicking and rolling. “Oh my gosh. He’s getting so big!”
“Do you remember that time he picked
But now as he steps in front of Steve’s grave, the hurt doesn’t even compare. Tony’s eyes burn with unshed tears and he blinks them back, telling himself to keep it together.
“You should come back,” Peter says and comes over to join his dad.
“I knew you’d like it. Or at least I was hoping you would.”
Tony pushes the door open and leans against the frame. “Daddy doesn’t mind.”
“No.” Tony shakes his head. “I don’t care. To me you’ve always been perfect, but now you’re absolutely stunning. You gave me the greatest gift in the world.”
Tony is jumping out of bed and scrambling around the room in search of shoes. “What’s their ETA?” He asks as he finds his sneakers. He jumps around awkwardly on one foot to slip the first shoe on.
“Be quiet, Omega,” The alpha threatens, clasping his hand over Steve’s mouth. “I won’t hurt you. I know you want this.”
“Not yet. I’ll keep you updated.”
Soft lips are on his again and Steve hums into the kiss, glad to have Tony so close. He’d give anything to touch him. Tony’s hands are on him again, exploring his chest and trailing down until they’re hovering over his belt, fingers playing with the leather teasingly. Steve bucks his hips impatiently, urging Tony to stop teasing.
Steve’s first instinct is to wrap his arms around Tony and bring him closer, but he’s held back and something cool snaps around his left wrist. Steve pulls back and turns his head, finding one pair of cuffs around his wrist and the other locked around the frame of the bed. He tugs at the restraint, finding that the cuffs hold true and he’s unable to break free.
“I know. Breathe, Cap. Come on.” Tony makes an attempt to move again, only to stop when Steve refuses to budge.
“You should sleep,” Tony says, leaning back in the chair he’s been occupying since they returned back to Steve’s private room.
“Why wouldn’t it be?” Steve asks, the frown on his face deepening.
Steve’s eyes flutter and Bucky quickly reaches out to cup his face. “Steve. Hey, Steve look at me. Come on.”
“It’s not funny. Talk to your son, Tones.”
He’s unsure of how long they stay wrapped in each other’s arms. He almost doesn’t want to let his aunt go. She had always been there for him, ready to fight and defend him just like his father and uncles. He didn’t know what he’d do without her.
“Sure for maybe a few minutes-”
“My history paper.”
“Fine,” Steve assures with a small smile.
“Hey, relax,” Tony soothes and cradles his son’s head. “It’s okay. Things just happen. I’m not mad. I love you, alright? Don’t think for a second that I don’t.”
The other part of his brain intervenes, completely taking full control and making Tony forget about the situation he’s found himself in. Omega. That’s the only thing that’s on his mind.
“Steve? Honey, what’s wrong?”
Steve awakes with a gasp. He stares up at the ceiling, his eyes beginning to adjust to the dark. He’s panting and covered in sweat from his latest nightmare.
Steve puts aside the bag and murmurs a quick apology before rising to his feet and moving as fast as he can toward the kitchen. He rests both hands against the island, his fingers growing white from how hard he’s squeezing it. Another tear rolls down his face and then another until they’re streaming down his face.
“Stevie, wait!” Peter calls out and rushes after his cousin. Behind him he can hear his uncles doing the same.
“Bruce is fine. Let me finish up his measurements and then you’ll be free to go.”
Tony can’t follow through with Steve’s request. He searches for him, and not much to his surprise, finds that he’s residing in Brooklyn. Of course Steve would go back to the place where he grew up. Where he met Bucky.
Steve chuckles and ducks his head down to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead. He intertwines their hands and they share a smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You did say if I wanted to borrow anything else I could, and you do have a pretty big closet.”
Tony can’t help but beam proudly as he boasts about his son. He never thought in a million years that he’d ever be doing something like that. He could gloat all day about himself and the inventions he’s created. His tech was his most prized possession; it meant more to him than anything else this material world had to offer.
Hydra, Alpha-they were both gone.
“Everything’s fine,” Bruce says once he finishes the exam. “You’re six centimeters and the baby is still in a good position.”
“Your appointment is today, remember?” Steve says and he steps into the room to open the curtains and let some light into the dark room. Peter groans again and turns away from the bright light.
“You can’t fit in that suit now.”
“No, it’s okay. I want to.”
“We can still do that without a child.”
Peter thinks to himself.
It’s difficult being back and trying to go on like everything was normal when it clearly wasn’t. Peter can’t help but look at everyone differently. He wonders if his classmates are struggling too. They had hardships too. Worrying about tests, finding time to get the pile of homework done, and wondering what college to apply to weren’t the only things that made being a highschooler hard.
He wanders around until he finds himself in what appears to be a common room. Just one glance at the space lets him know that this is where the Avengers do more than just unwind after grueling missions. He knows parties and other celebrations have been enjoyed here. Peter had talked about movie nights, and he wonders if this was the place where he and Steve would do it. Maybe the whole team joined them.
“Okay…”
“No of course not. Sorry. I swear I’m not trying to ruin this for you. I want you to have control over this place.”
“Sometimes. Mostly if I asked,” Peter says.
He just hopes the only thing he gets is awkwardness.
“I know he doesn’t. I know it’s going to take time. But I’m willing to wait. I already hurt him once and I don’t want to do it again. If Steve knew that I’ve already made him cry…” Tony sighs harshly and scrubs a hand over his face. He doesn’t want to think about Steve and how disappointed he’d be with him.
“Bruce is on our side, remember?”
“Okay. Did he say anything about medi-” Tony stops himself, not wanting to make Steve any more uncomfortable than he already was. “Not that there’s anything wrong with that-”
Peter doesn’t want to leave, but he needs time to think. Perhaps he rushed things and didn’t get a chance to really decide what he wanted.
Steve smiles softly. “I am happy. You and the kids are my life.”
“Kid, it’s okay,” Tony assures. “You don’t have to tell me.”
“He said that?”
Sam peers up at him and gives up on the dishes. He leans against the counter and folds his arms over his chest, a small grin appears over his face.
Hopefully they weren’t too busy.
Tony scoffs. He can’t believe that Steve didn’t hate him for what he did and didn’t do. Tony’s never hated himself more than he does now. Surly Steve felt the same.
“You know we all missed you. But no one missed you as much as Steve.”
“But?”
The bedroom is the most ideal place for them. It’s their space and their mixed scents already cover every inch of the room. He had envisioned for their first time-he doesn’t count their encounter under Hydra’s control their first-to be special. Tony would’ve liked to make it more romantic, maybe scatter around rose petals, light a few candles. It’s cliche, but deep down he’s a sucker for it.
He sighs. “I know what you mean about it feeling like it belongs to someone else.”
“What’s this?” Tony pulls away to fully take in his son’s appearance. His eyes roam over the suit they picked out just last week, then they’re traveling up to the styled hair and drawn on goatee. Tony smiles. “Wow. I swear it’s like looking in a mirror.”
The elevator reaches its destination and the doors open, revealing an empty hallway. Steve breathes a sigh of relief and keeps moving, sniffing Pierce out.
They knew better than to cross the omega.
Peter gulps. “Y-yes?”
“I hope this isn’t too much,” Tony says and he leans in to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek. With his mate calming down, he gets down on one knee.
“I know. But you need to sleep.”
“Then we try something else.”
“Yeah...” Steve’s brows knit together in confusion when he realizes they’re driving in the opposite direction of where home was. “Tony?”
For the most part Steve understood. Tony’s hormones were changing and he was getting more agitated than usual. His feet were still bothering him and now his lower back decided to flare up with pain. Steve would massage him every time Tony complained, but sometimes that wasn’t enough.
But he hasn’t given up. He’d find a way to terminate this pregnancy. Just like the ones before it.
“Don’t hurt them,” Steve begs.
“O-okay. And is the baby-are they okay?”
“I’ve been blaming myself. And I know everyone else has too. I know my own son has been blaming me.”
Peter grips the bag tightly, fighting the urge to rip into it. A part of him wants to wait until he’s surrounded by the rest of his family, but his curiosity gets the best of him and he opens the bag. He gasps at what he finds inside.
Tony sighs harshly. “Will you stop? I may not have dealt with the pregnancy the way you had but it affected me too.”
“Kiddo, it’s a little too hot-” Tony starts to say, only to shut his mouth when Peter glares at him.
Before Rumlow can shoot again, Steve grabs him by his shirt and yanks him close, then with one hand, collides his fist with the alpha’s mouth. Steve throws him to the ground and kicks him hard in the side, forcing a pained grunt from the alpha’s bloodied lips. Brock tries to shoot his gun, but Steve is faster and he rips it out of the alpha’s hand and tosses it to the side, leaving the bully completely defenseless.
His water hadn’t broken yet, which he was grateful for, but at the rate the contractions were coming, he wouldn’t be surprised if it broke soon.
“Thing? The bab-”
“You think it’s…” Bruce trails off.
Of course Steve does. Tony witnessed his husband’s excitement and happiness throughout the pregnancy. From the moment they found out they were expecting until the day she was born and in Steve’s arms, Steve was always overjoyed.
“Hi, honey.”
“You need to build up your strength,” Alpha says.
“It’s okay,” Steve says. “I’ll always be with you. I’ll always be there.”
“Me!” Peter cries. “You can be me and daddy will be you and I’ll be daddy!”
Tony grits his teeth and his fingers tighten around the glass. He’s pretty sure if he squeezed any harder the glass will shatter.
“Tony,” Steve starts to say, the name weighing heavily on his tongue. “I know it’s been a while since we’ve...well...you know. I gave up a long time ago on reaching out to you; I knew you had moved on and I tri-I did the same.
Happy honks the horn, the sound startling Tony and forcing him to lift his head and pay attention to the situation. He had been expecting more traffic, or perhaps an angry driver. The last thing he expected to find was a stranger in front of the car with his hands resting on the hood.
Pepper bites her lip and comes over to join Steve on the sofa. She adjusts the little girl in her arms and gently brushes the strands of blond hair out of her face.
“It’s okay. Clint has done a lot worse.”
“Yeah well when you’re hiding from a fucking lunatic-” Tony’s kicked again and he grunts in pain. “Guess I deserved that.”
They are such a cute little family. It's a shame Hydra and Pierce isn't through with them yet...
“You okay?” Tony is the first to break the silence between them. “You don’t look so good.”
Steve can’t even begin to imagine what went through his pups’ minds all these years. He’s grateful Harley and Sarah are younger. Perhaps they don’t remember much of the abuse. But James was older. He must remember some things. His protective attitude wasn’t just an alpha trait.
“I never said-”
“He called you and asked for help. I didn’t know what he was talking about because I only heard part of the call, but he was begging you for help.”
“The kids are good. Are you?” Bruce questions, brows furrowing as he looks over the alpha.
“I’ll get used to it. I never had abs before.”
“Hey.” Tony reaches across the island for Steve’s hand, taking it in his own. “You’re safe now. It’s been what...three, almost four weeks and we haven’t heard anything. Now I know that’s not a lot but it’s a start. He’s giving up.”
Tony scowls. “You know I can’t cook, buddy. I just want some Chinese. Is that too much to ask?”
He doesn’t visit the apartment Steve has run off to for the past few years. He promised he wouldn’t intervene. He at least owes Steve that much.
“Yay! Papa helped me with your beard!”
“I did eat those chili cheese fries you were craving,” Steve points out and he crawls into bed beside Tony.
“It’s not...horrible. Honestly, you could’ve chosen something worse. Benjamin Peter. Eh.”
Sam and Bucky step into the room, both bringing items of their own. Sam has a few balloons and Bucky has a blue teddy bear. Steve can’t help but smile at the sight of them.
“Honey-”
Peter gives in and walks back over to her. She smiles softly at him. “Follow me.”
“Natalie?” Tony questions.
(See the end of the chapter for
And Bruce keeps his word. He carefully takes the baby into his arms and makes sure the towel remains around Peter’s tiny form.
He follows the laughter until he’s standing outside Morgan’s room. A majority of her belongings are already packed away and ready to be placed in the moving truck come tomorrow morning. Steve had made sure to keep her favorite toys unpacked and the blanket she curled up in every night.
“Good. I had him print some pictures.” Tony holds up an orange envelope. He steps closer into the room so he can hand the envelope to Steve. “I figured you want new ones. I don’t know if you’ve ever-”
“So far everything looks good. You’re doing a good job.”
“Well I had a good-”
“I know, I know.” The response Tony has is lame, he knows this, but he doesn’t know what else he’s supposed to say. Nothing he could say or do will take the pain away.
“Yeah,” Peter nods. “Isn’t it from like the 70's or something?”
“I’m buying this. I thought it would be a good place to raise our son.”
Steve gently puts Harley down. “You both need to get along. I know it’s hard sometimes but you have to try. Now Pete can you say you’re sorry?”
Steve is woken up before the sun has even risen. He grumbles and pulls the blankets over his head when someone shakes him again.
“Wait...are you saying you’re fine with him?” Peter asks to make sure he was in fact hearing his uncle’s words correctly.
That’s where everything goes wrong.
Sarah smiles sweetly as she shows off her own special shirt and word: Marry
Peter shrugs and moves around the pasta on his plate until it’s in the center. “Not hungry.”
Yay now they're engaged and going to have a new home! There is only one chapter left so I will have that up soon. If I can do it tomorrow then that would be great, but who knows. Thank you so much for reading! I love you all!
Tony smiles and he places another kiss to the mark on Steve’s neck. A comfortable silence falls over them. For once they’re both at ease. They don’t dwell on the threats that are outside the mansions walls. They only think about each other and the baby boy they’d be welcoming in a few months. Nothing else in the world mattered.
“Are you going to give me fake hair like daddy?” Peter asks.
Jarvis sighs. “And what shall I tell Mr. Rogers when he asks for you?”
“Yeah.” Steve nods his head in agreement. “He’s so tiny and…” he trails off, more tears spilling from his eyes. “I did this to him. I didn’t take care of him like I was supposed to. I went on that mission-”
Morgan nods and plops down in one of the stools at the island. She does her best not to worry and convinces herself that for once she would come first. Spider-Man and her baby brother would have to wait this time. It was her turn.
Steve shakes his head. “I can’t let him go. I’ve already lost too many.”
“Hop in, kid.” Is the only greeting Peter gets. Peter glances around nervously, making sure no one has noticed him yet. “Come on,” his dad urges impatiently.
“Can we watch our movie again since you were sick and had to go to the hospital?”
Alexander stiffens at those words, clearly unimpressed with the response given. He forces a smile that Tony can instantly see through. “Of course, Mr. Stark.”
“Promise?”
“What?”
“It’s your lucky day. I’ve changed my mind.”
Bruce nods and sighs. “Okay.”
“Tony, I don’t...thank you.” Is all Steve can say.
The room is instantly filled with the sounds of his son’s cries. It’s the most beautiful sound Steve has ever heard. Peter is placed on Steve’s chest and one of the nurses begins to dry him off. Bucky is the one who cuts the cord.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve takes his time, enjoying the nighttime ambiance that echoes around him. The lake comes into view, but it’s the gazebo the path of lights leads him to.
“But like what do you regret?”
“Sir,” Jarvis’ speaks up, forcing Tony to stop working and huff in an annoyance. Of course the A.I. would put in his two cents, as if Tony actually cared to hear it.
“Hurry up!”
“Y-yeah. Sorry. I don’t know what’s come over me. I guess the movie…” Steve gestures to the screen. “It’s so sad.”
Steve winces and shakes his head. “A little after seven.”
Steve frowns at the newest addition to his husband’s Halloween collection. “I don’t think cute is the right word.”
Just thinking about the kid he needed to raise brings more fear and anxiousness. There’s guilt there too, and that would probably always remain with him. Peter was 15 now and Tony missed a huge chunk of his life. But it wasn’t too late. He could still salvage what he did have and be a father.
“I’m taking you to Auntie Nat okay? She’ll take care of you.”
“Because you’re my friend and I missed you. Plus, we’re still gonna need you. I can’t deliver this kid and-”
“Welcome to my humble home.” Tony stretches out his arms to present his living space. Steve remains silent, eyes taking in the vast living room and expensive furnishings.
“Tony?” Steve says, his voice cracking slightly. Tony glances up to meet his gaze, dark eyes full of confusion and fear.
Sam had been called to swoop in and save the day.
“I also heard about...my dad.” Peter winces, waiting for the yelling to start. There’s only silence. It’s worse than yelling.
He grows bored of this and throws the blankets off. He smoothes out the wrinkles in his clothes, frowning to himself when he realizes he’d be going to school and back home in the same outfit he had worn yesterday. Maybe no one would notice or care. The sleepover was last minute after all.
“Almost there,” Bruce announces after another exam. “You’re at eight.”
“You and him...I enjoy it too. You beat yourself up but in reality you’re a good father. Better than you think. Pete loves you. And so do I.”
“Yes you can.” Bucky reaches into Steve’s belt, pulling out the item that he hopes will motivate his friend. He opens the compass and shows Steve the image inside. “Fight for him. Fight for your son. He needs you.”
It’s after their latest training session does Steve tell his son about the plans for the future. They’re lying side by side on the mats, both panting from the exertion. Peter is talking about the suit he wants to design for when he officially becomes Spider-Man, his face lighting up the more he talks about his dream.
“Thank you,” Steve smiles and accepts the beverage. He takes a drink and his nose wrinkles. “It tastes weird.”
Happy hangs up and slips the black phone into the front pocket of his suit.
“Suit up,” Steve orders without another thought.
Natasha moves to stand beside Sam and she places a hand over his shoulder. “He’s not fine.”
“Hi.” Tony returns the greeting, shifting awkwardly in the entryway of the kitchen. His eyes flicker in the direction of the counter where Steve’s leaning, taking notice of the two mugs set out. The familiar aroma of roasted Colombian beans fills the air. “You made coffee?”
Peter pushes the door open and his uncle jumps.
“I’m sorry you had to show up, too. I’m a little busy at the moment-”
Steve is tempted to call out to the guards and beg to be taken somewhere safe to give birth, but he holds back. The other pups had always been ripped away from him the moment he brought them into the world. This one needed to be with him. He wouldn’t let them hurt his pups anymore.
“Nah. Thank you for being here with him, though. I appreciate it. You’re the best man for the job.”
“Yes,” Natasha replies.
Steve kisses him, his lips moving softly against Tony’s. He’s doing what Tony suggested they do: take it slow.
He had been informed that the Captain was awake and surprisingly not showing any of the side effects past subjects have shown. Nick still holds onto hope.
“I need to go,” Peter pushes past her to get out of the elevator and toward the main entrance.
While Peter waits he replies to an unopened message from Ned, and then once he’s reassured his best friend that he was fine and he’d see him next week, he closes the chat and opens Google. His fingers hover over the keyboard for a second as he contemplates his next move. He types in the word adoption, but that’s as far as he goes. Google offers suggestions, but Peter can’t decide which one to click on.
Tony lets out a deep sigh. He was used to this. He puts on the fakest smile he can muster. “Pleasure's all mine. Nice party you have going on here.”
“I know. I believe you. I promise I’ll get better.”
Steve releases a shaky breath and his eyes squeeze shut. “I have to do this.”
Steve growls in warning, but it does nothing to ward the alpha off. A dark chuckle leaves Rumlow’s lips and he steps closer, backing the omega into a corner. His strong hands are on Steve in an instant, manipulating the omega and forcibly turning him around, pressing him into the cement wall.
“It’s fine. We haven’t eaten in a while,” Steve says.
“No,” Peter shakes his head and sniffs again. “We both drank and then we went upstairs where we-”
How could Steve love him after what he had done? They were known to get into a few verbal arguments, but never have they put their hands on the other. Tony vows to never hurt Steve like that again.
The subject of Tony’s dreams is left for another time. With their pups asleep and not appearing to suffer from another nightmare any time soon, they’re able to have one night without interruptions.
“Oh my God,” Steve says, his voice shaky and breathless. He stares down at the baby laying on his chest, an array of emotions flooding through him.
“It’s like he’s gotten worse,” Rhodey is the next to joke. He makes himself comfortable on the arm of the sofa closest to his best friend. Tony rolls his eyes and flips him off.
“Years, huh? Do you think we’ll last?”
Getting together would be risky and jeopardize the relationship they’ve managed to build over the past couple of years. And plus, it wasn’t like Steve reciprocated those same feelings. They were two completely different people, and Tony didn't care how much opposites attract. They’d never work.
“Comply,” he growls.
“But it’s fine now. He’s a good guy and he loves me. For years I wondered about him, and though papa was enough, I wanted both my parents. I know I can’t have that now, but at least one parent is better than none.”
“Nah. Buck’s soft. Now help me out of this.”
“Wow.” The response Tony gives is lame and lacks any emotion. That’s when Steve decides to notice. His smile quickly falters and his forehead creases when he frowns.
A soft whimper cuts through the silence, forcing Tony to lift his head and set his eyes on the trembling figure a few feet away from him. He struggles with the chains, desperate to be near him and comfort him like he was supposed to. The chains around him jingle with each attempt he makes to break loose, but it’s hopeless.
“I need you so bad,” Steve says against Tony’s lips.
Peter nods, and it’s not long until they’re gathering around the tv and taking their favorite controllers. For the most part, Peter is able to find the video game distracting. But then his parents get home and Peter’s mind is instantly on the baby and the huge secret he’s hiding.
“No!” Peter screams again, using his own superhuman strength against his uncle. “Please! Don’t hurt him!”
“I’m only half kidding by the way,” Natasha grins.
“I know.”
They were supposed to go again during the summer. There were a lot of things they were supposed to do. Plans that had been made. Now it was all broken.
Peter’s eyes fill with tears and he glances down at his feet to hide them. “Sorry,” he murmurs and wipes at his eyes.
He runs a bit of product through his hair, trying to style it like he normally has it. Lately his appearance was the last thing he cared about.
“Steve, I’m sorry. I’m-”
A group of men come through the corridor and into the room, speaking in a language Peter immediately recognizes. His uncle and aunt would speak it sometimes.
“I know but he sleeps with us,” Steve tries to protest.
The conversation dies there. And just in time too. Peter is running up the stairs, his face bright and evident with excitement. Tony and Bruce rise to their feet when Natasha, Clint and Thor follow behind Peter. Bruce sends Tony a reassuring smile and pats him on the back.
But Steve would assure him that Tony wasn’t going to end up like his father. Tony would be a good dad. Peter would love him no matter what.
“Alright,” Peter shrugs, “Weird.”
Morgan eyes the pinkie finger her dad expects her to take with her own, for a moment contemplating if the promise they make would hold up. She’s reluctant but eventually seals the deal with a small smile.
Tony would be lying if he claimed he wasn’t wary about spending a week alone with his son. He saw how difficult it had been for Steve. Tony had to drop by Steve’s place a few times just to help. Steve had said Tony was great at getting Peter calm, and maybe he was, but he was still far from a perfect parent.
“Look, mommy!” Harley says next, showing off his white t-shirt.
Their eyes meet for a second before Steve’s gaze falls on their daughter still nestled in Natasha’s arms. Tony expects Steve to smile and come over to swoop their daughter up and coo over her, but instead he does the opposite and heads toward the kitchen.
“I’m not silently judging you. I’m going to make sure you hear it. Tony, you can’t just bring a stranger here and into your home-oh my God you two...you slept with him didn’t you!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You messed everything up! I told you not to go on that stupid mission! But you didn’t listen to me! You never listen to me. It’s all your fault!”
“You’re pregnant?” Tony asks and Steve nods. “Oh my God. Steve! We’re having another baby!”
“Thanks, J.”
“I like sleeping next to Papa and Harley.” Peter lies back against Steve’s side, giggling when Steve ruffles his hair.
“Come on,” Tony says and finishes up his coffee.
Defeated, Steve gives up his son. Nat smiles down at the little pup and adjusts the blanket that’s beginning to slip off his tiny form. She’s gentle with him, just like she promised she would be.
“Harley,” he says the name even though he knows his son doesn’t know it. The little pup stares at him, a mixture of fear and confusion appearing over his features. “It’s okay. It’s me. It’s Mama.”
Tony inhales sharply and drives off. “I don’t know. I don’t know if I believe in that sort of stuff.”
“Yeah. It is.”
“Me? Yeah. Yeah. Totally...totally fine.”
Bucky sighs. “Kinda hard not to. Are you sure you’re up for this?”
“I’m sorry,” he says again, “I didn’t mean to...I just can’t talk about him right now.”
The change in Steve’s tone is difficult to ignore. Tony glances in his direction, reading his features carefully. The pain, though he was trying hard to conceal it, was there. Tony was sure Steve would have rid himself of some of it by now.
“He is. I thought if you didn’t hear it from me or Rhodey-”
“I know. But you’ve done so well with Dodger that I just know you’ll be a great father.”
Tony huffs. “I guess that’s a no.”
She cried and fussed, refusing to be consoled. Tony pushed through it, reminding himself that it was just the two of them now. Morgan was going to need him more than ever.
“Don’t. It’s not you. I’m sorry.”
“To get this baby out,” Steve says through gritted teeth.
Tony ignores the pain and sits up, biting back a groan when his back protests. He brings Steve close and wraps his arms around him.
Peter nods his head and sniffs. “To never give up. To keep fighting.”
Steve chuckles. “A treehouse? I don’t think that will work with palm trees.”
Peter is fast asleep, snoring softly and messy hair sticking out from under the comforter. Steve enters quietly and lowers himself down on the bed beside his son. He shakes him gently.
“Happy! It’s me, Steve.” Steve cringes at his own words. Of course Happy would know who he is. Another contraction decides to hit at this moment and Steve hisses in pain.
“It’s fine,” Tony waves it off and directs his attention back to the room. “You did it. You’ve been in this room for what, ten minutes? Not bad.”
Flash shakes his head and quickly looks behind him to make sure they’re still alone before turning back to Peter. “You’re lying, right? You’re not really? I mean, how would that even happen? I swear I used-”
He flinches when strong arms wrap around him. The touch is familiar and comforting that Tony can’t help but lean into it. Steve rests his chin on Tony’s shoulder and holds him tighter.
“As I was saying,” the Director continues, his tone more than enough of a warning, “I’m not your enemy. I wouldn’t have saved your ass if I was.”
Steve doesn’t even register the tears until something wet and salty enters his mouth. He brushes the shed tears away, only for more to take their place. Despite his best efforts he can’t hold them back and he lets them fall, quiet sobs filling the bathroom and meshing with the sound of the running water.
“Hon,” Tony starts and Steve rolls his eyes, glad that Tony can’t see him. “He’s a teenager. Teenagers lie and do stupid shit. I know I did.”
The death of Tony’s parents was unexpected. One minute they’re making a stop at the Pentagon and the next they’re being brutally murdered on an old country road.
Steve nods. “Yeah. I saw him a few times.”
“We missed you too,” he tells his son. “Let’s go home.”
Steve bites down on his bottom lip, hesitating for a moment. Then he says, “I want to get on heat suppressants.”
That little voice in the back of his mind brings up the idea he couldn’t stop thinking about. He tries to ignore it, but the voice has gotten louder now, almost yelling at him to just do it.
Steve’s thankful she doesn’t press for details. She offers another hug and he accepts it again. He inhales her scent, finding solace in it. He yearns for his alpha but he liked Pepper and hoped this was the start of a friendship. It’s been so long since he’s had a friend.
Tony winces and takes the spot on the couch beside his mate. “I might’ve let him skip nap time so we can hang out in the lab.”
The door opens and Sam and Bucky step inside, both looking exhausted, albeit for different reasons. Peter had been a handful the first night. The medical staff were of great help, but Steve didn’t want them hovering. He needed to figure out how to get his son back to sleep on his own.
“She works for me. I think it’s only fair that I have some help around here,” Pepper replies.
“Don’t be shy,” Tony tells him when Steve tries to hide himself. “You’re so beautiful.”
He kicks himself every day for not acting sooner. He should’ve slipped the pills in before the end of the first trimester, but he screwed up and Steve was already too far along for Tony to do anything about it.
Those words make Steve’s stomach churn. He doesn’t want to be a part of Hydra anymore. He doesn’t want to bear pups or be punished anymore. He doesn’t want to hurt anyone else.
Steve remains silent but does as he’s told. He gingerly lowers himself down in a chair, his eyes never leaving the alpha’s face. Something feels off about being in his presence. Steve wishes he was back in his room.
“Good. They’ll be back in a couple of days. Nat wishes she was here.”
Tony chuckles lightly. “Maybe,” he says. He turns his head to press another kiss to Peter’s. “I think he misses you. You two wanna make up?”
“But why would he pick that? It’s so…” Peter trails off, cringing.
“I thought we were doing that anyway,” Tony grumbles and decides to try one more time to get his jeans fastened. It’s to no avail and he’s forced to give up.
Peter pauses when he hears his dad inhale sharply. He waits for the yelling to start, and judging by the look his dad gives him, he knows there was more screaming to come. But then his papa is coming toward him and sitting down beside him, reaching for his hand and squeezing it.
It’s a bittersweet moment. Steve got his wish, but he didn’t get to experience his pregnancy like he had used to envision he would. He missed out on the first ultrasound pictures, the first time he felt the baby moving. He missed out on picking names and having a baby shower thrown for him.
Those three words bring hope. Tony was hinting at a chance. Steve wasn’t expecting anything out of the alpha, but a chance, a shot to get to know him and raise their pup together, was something Steve couldn’t deny he secretly hoped for.
“Yeah,” Steve agrees. His smile has gotten wider.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just like the first time, Tony is careful and attentive to Steve’s needs. He doesn’t hesitate to make sure Steve is comfortable before they begin, and again once they start. He holds Steve close, keeping their bodies pressed together while he moves slowly. He only picks up the pace when Steve asks him to.
Tony makes sure Steve is comfortable before leaving the apartment and making his way downstairs to Natasha’s. The first thing she does when she greets him is pull him into a hug. Tears gather in Tony’s eyes but he refuses to let them fall. He had to be strong.
“I’m not!” Steve grows defensive. “I wouldn’t make up something like this. This baby-”
Sam pushes past Tony to mingle with the rest of the team.
“I know. But then I got a taste of it and...why stop there? This isn’t exactly the simple life I envisioned but I wouldn’t change what we have. I love you and our son,” Steve says.
“Honey, relax,” Tony soothes and places both hands over Steve’s shoulders. “You can do this. I know you can.”
“Nothing. I need a minute okay? Clear my head.” Steve rises to his feet and leaves the apartment.
“Do you ever regret it? Not coming back I mean. He told me he called you a couple of times and wrote you a few letters.”
“We’ll be fine,” Steve says, not even bothering to look up from his current task.
Bruce sets the remote down on the desk, his eyes landing on the woman sitting behind it. Pepper remains still, her own eyes glued to the screen, almost as if she’s waiting for it to turn back on and show her good news, not the same story that's been on a loop since it was discovered her ex boss was dead.
“Actually I’m keeping this. It’s so comfortable. Who knew?”
“I’ll put him back to bed.” Tony takes Peter into his arms and heads back to the nursery.
“You good now?” Tony asks when Peter falls silent. He hiccups a few times, and then he’s giving Tony what he wanted. “There’s that little smile. Don’t tell papa but it’s my favorite smile in the whole wide world. Maybe because you get that smile from him.”
His presence wasn’t going to be welcomed and a part of him regrets not bringing the suit just in case. Perhaps he was overthinking. The team had been his friends at one point, and he didn’t want to believe that they’d turn on him. But if they did decide to shun him, then he’d understand. He had hurt one of their own and walked away from all of them.
“No. Trust me, kid, I was this way to when I lost my parents. More so with my mom but...whatever.”
Beside him, a choked sob can be heard and Tony’s head snaps in the direction of his husband. Steve has his head resting against the wall, finally giving Tony a view of his tear streaked face.
Peter wanders around the decorated space, forcing a smile when he passes by someone he knows. He sneaks away from the party, needing some air and a moment to himself. He doesn’t go very far, taking the stairs until he’s out of view and able to catch his breath.
“It’s not!” Tony says, his temper rising. “I’m just tired. Maybe exhausted. Four pups is a lot.”
“True. But are those people still in love with each other?”
Tony had no choice but to give in and let Steve continue to have that control. All his life he had been told that omega’s were nothing and had to do everything an alpha ordered them to do. Tony promised to never be that type of alpha.
“He’s also a teenager,” Sam joins in. “They do stupid shit.”
Tony deepens the kiss, emitting another soft moan from Steve’s lips. He’s not aware of the pressure he’s applying to Steve’s middle until a strong hand is pushing against his chest, forcing Tony to pull back slightly and frown down at Steve in confusion.
It’s still a routine Tony doesn’t like.
The little sound of jingling fills the room, followed by a loud meow. Sam groans when Alpine rushes into the room and leaps onto Bucky’s lap. She purrs contentedly now that she’s around him. Alpine spins around for a moment as she gets comfortable in Bucky’s lap. She rubs her head against his belly and meows again.
“I’m not going to do that. I love that kid.”
“He’ll be here,” Bucky assures when he catches the worried look on his nephew’s face.
“I just wanted to help.”
The pups are exhausted after their participation in the proposal. Their eyes grew heavy and Peter started to fuss, making the trip back to the house seem impossible. It was Tony who was able to calm their youngest, and soon Peter was in the alpha’s arms and falling asleep on their way back to the house.
“Yeah, well the feeling is not mutual,” Tony grumbles, making sure to wipe the slobber away on Steve’s shirt.
“What? I figured you guys were hungry.”
He didn’t have his best friend anymore. The memories were the only thing he had left, and he’d hold onto them as long as he could. At least he still had the ability to revisit those moments with Bucky. Hydra couldn’t take everything away.
“Fine,” Steve replies, “just trying to figure this out.”
“Okay,” Tony says, his eyes bright with tears. “If you want to think things over...take as much time as you need. I’ll be here. I promised I would.”
Tony pulls away from Steve’s grip and rips the test out of his hand. “I got this.”
“Hmm?” Tony turns back to him and slips his sunglasses over his face. He didn’t need his son to see him like this. “Yeah...once.”
Dinner is forgotten. The food is getting cold. He doesn’t care. None of it mattered anymore.
“Sorry.” Tony can’t help but wince. “Maybe this was too much. Simple probably would’ve been better.”
Not much is said between them after that. They both dress in silence, then Tony walks Steve out. There’s some awkwardness, and Steve can’t help but feel like this was how a breakup was supposed to go.
“I’ll let you know when I need another ride. Make sure he’s eating and drinking, and getting plenty of rest.”
“I’m not. I’m...I’m scared,” Steve admits and he plops back down. “I’m scared he’ll find me and...Tony, he’ll hurt me again.”
“What did the test say? You never told me.”
Steve curses his body for reacting to the alpha’s touch. He tries to fight it, but his body continues to betray him and produce slick. He bites down hard on his bottom lip to stifle a pleasured moan. He wouldn’t allow it to feel good. Only Tony made him feel good. Only Tony was his alpha.
“Pete’s fine and Sarah was good up until Harley thought it would be funny to wake everyone from their nap.”
There’s a heavy weight lifted off his shoulders now that Steve has broken the news about his pregnancy to the team. Natasha-though she already knew-appeared the most thrilled about the news. A bright smile had formed over her face when he announced it, and she didn’t hesitate to brag about being right about it either.
The door shuts behind him and that’s when Steve snaps his head up, revealing the excruciating pain in his eyes. Tony hates seeing the pain again. He hopes this will be the last time.
“Dad?” Peter asks and approaches his dad. Tony lays down his tools and turns to greet his son with a tired smile.
The alpha cries out in rage and brings Steve back to him, forcing him down and holding him tighter. “You belong to me!” Pierce snarls and presses his body onto the writhing omega’s. He ducks his head down until his lips are brushing against the shell of Steve’s ears. “Do it. Or I’ll kill him. I’ll kill your pup.”
“I guess we better-” Steve gestures lamely to the door.
Steve rolls his eyes.
But he’s not that lucky and the pain returns again. He breathes steadily through it, doing everything in his power not to give himself away. His teammates didn’t need to worry about him now when they had a mission to take care of.
“I know, I know. I just…I have a lot going on right now. The pup...it’s mine.”
Tony hangs his head, quiet sobs escaping him. He wishes he could go back and do things differently. Leaving Steve alone, especially when he was in a sensitive and fragile state of mind was Tony’s mistake. His biggest was not paying more attention to the signs earlier.
But keeping his secret proves to be more difficult than Steve anticipated.
“Smack him,” Tony orders and snaps his fingers for Bucky to follow the order.
“But it’s not my birthday yet.”
As soon as their presence is noticed, the rambunctious pups abandon play time with their new friend and rush to meet their mama. Steve smiles and gets down on one knee to properly greet them with hugs and kisses.
“You don’t have to do this,” Steve tells her.
“Hmm?”
Tony connects their lips again, this time deepening the kiss. Steve responds instantly, wrapping his arms around Tony’s neck to bring him closer.
“Why didn’t he try harder?” Peter asks, looking up at his uncle. “He-he always came home. Every single time he left he always came back. He promised. Why didn’t he try hard enough? Why did he give up?”
Peter shrugs. “I don’t know. 6 weeks maybe?”
His back arches and he screams again. “Happy!” Steve reaches blindly for Happy’s hand, finding his free one and gripping it tightly. Happy cries out from the tight grasp.
“I love you, too,” Steve whispers.
“Stop!” Peter cries out angrily, hot tears rolling down his face.
“Hey, calm down, kid. I’m not saying I know him. You’re right. I don’t know him. I only know the parts the rest of the world knows or what he was brave enough to share. You’re lucky to have seen this...this other side of him. I only knew him as Cap.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers and lays his head over Tony’s shoulder. “I’m sorry I did this.”
Clint waves a dismissive hand and rises to his feet. “Don’t worry about it. I love kids.”
“Yes, but it was the one I said I would cut down so...is it really all that bad?”
The other omega says something Steve doesn’t quite catch, then she’s turning on her heel and heading back to the elevator. It’s just him and Tony now.
He had already risked too much when he tried to escape the first time. He hadn’t made it very far, only making it outside of the stone walls and into the dark, thick woods that surround the grounds. He wishes he was there now. Anywhere was safer than here.
“No. I can’t do that. I’ve hurt you enough. Just don’t worry okay? That alpha will never find you again.”
Tony expects another kick to his side, but instead Pierce’s fist comes crashing down and collides with Tony’s nose. Pain erupts from the blow, the impact strong enough to whip Tony’s head back and into the wall. His vision blurs with tears and blood gushes from his bruised nose.
“You’re hurting.”
Steve scoffs and glances back down at their son’s peaceful face. “This isn’t comfort. This is torture.”
“No.”
He doesn’t dwell on it right away. He’s exhausted by the time the elevator opens up to his floor, and it takes most of his energy to drag his ass to his bedroom. With a groan, Peter plops down face first onto his bed, his eyes struggling to stay open the second his head meets the pillow.
“I know. I wish I had done more. We both screwed up and I’m so sorry that you had to be in the middle of it. If I could go back in time somehow I’d make things right. And I know he would too.”
“I know.” Steve rubs along the large bump, smiling when their son pushes against him. “He’s waking up.”
“He’s almost here. Keep pushing, sweetheart. You’re doing so good.”
Steve is a mess.
“Alpacas would be nice. But that’s not what I’m talking about.”
Peter does as he’s told, but it’s easier said than done. He hasn’t been comfortable since he stepped foot through the front door.
“I know, I know.” Tony presses his lips against Peter’s messy hair. “Have you thought about a costume yet?”
Steve is grinning at the news and tears of joy are streaming down his face. He was never allowed to learn the gender of any of his children until they were out of his womb and into the world. But now he was able to learn the gender and prepare for his son’s arrival.
It’s their first outing in public after the discovery of their son. There was hesitation being out in the public eye with fear that the press would cause problems. Tony was used to the attention and the headlines that always followed when he was spotted out. Steve not so much. He’s shown up in tabloids whenever he was by Tony’s side. It happened when they were first dating and again during their honeymoon. Sooner or later news was going to get out that the famous superhero couple was expecting.
This pregnancy was going to be different this time around. For one he was aware of the life he and Tony created. He paid closer attention to the signs. He wasn’t going to miss this.
Ned makes a motion of zipping his lips. “I won’t say anything about the baby anymore.”
Tony ignores the condolences and pours his drink. He chugs it down, wincing from the burn it leaves. He’s ready to pour another, but then he screams and throws the glass, watching it shatter and make a mess on the floor. He screams again and throws all of the bottles and glasses at the bar until there’s nothing left to smash.
“Honey, wait,” Tony gently pushes his mate back, “don’t if you’re not ready. We can wait.”
While they work, they talk about school, friends, girls and of course Steve. It’s painful at first when he’s mentioned, but Tony pushes through and listens to all of Peter’s stories.
Everyone turns around at the familiar voice. Peter immediately sets Steve down when the toddler wiggles to get free.
“Jarvis told you I was struggling, right?”
“O-okay.” Steve nods.
But the little voice in the back of his head starts whispering, urging him to get up and fight. He tries to tune it out, too fearful to fight back and risk losing. But the voice gets louder, yelling at him to pick himself back up and stand against the bullies. Hydra may not be punks in Brooklyn alleys, but they were still bullies, picking on Steve until he eventually succumbed to their abuse.
“Pete. Pete, wake up. Come on, bud.”
Steve obliges and wraps his lips back around the head of Tony’s cock. The alpha hisses in pleasure and throws his head back, his eyes squeezing shut as he focuses on the sensation of Steve’s hot mouth. Steve works the rest of Tony’s cock with his hand, smearing the mixture of precome and saliva along the length. He cups the alpha’s heavy balls and that’s what brings Tony over the edge.
Peter remains silent, too shocked to say anything else.
“Stop.” Tony warns and he points a threatening finger in Steve’s direction. “That baby is not mine. Look I don’t know who the hell you are, but if this is a way to get money out of me then you’re fucked. You have nothing on me. I didn’t mate with you and I sure as hell didn’t knock you up.”
Steve swallows hard and glances back down at his lap, then up again to meet Pepper’s soft gaze. She smiles.
“I like the name Peter.”
Peter grimaces. That’s all he finds himself focusing on. Just once he’d like to have a moment to think about anything else. Just weeks before he was thinking about hanging out with Ned or the old computer he found lying around in a back alley. Now his thoughts have been tainted. His life was different now.
I will update soon! 😊
Peter eyes the hand offered to him. “This isn’t a business deal. It’s a promise. Family promises to be there for each other. I guess I don’t expect you to understand that.”
Tony gets back to work...until another distraction comes along. A video call from Pepper comes through. Tony sighs again and accepts the incoming message.
Steve winces and nods his head. “A hell of a lot worse. Trust me, it’s fine. I’ve done this before.”
“I think you better get checked out,” Sam says.
“Pete!” Steve shouts in surprise and jumps out of bed to investigate the strange substance on his bedroom wall. He reaches out to touch it, face contorting in disgust from the sticky stuff. “Pete, is this-is this
Steve sighs softly and lays the wet cloth down on the nightstand. He climbs onto the bed, taking the spot on the opposite side of their son. Tony’s still awake, but not for long. This day always drained him, too.
“I can help!” Peter’s face lights up at the sound of an opportunity to create something with his dad. “Please! I want to help.”
“I know how you still feel about me being here,” Steve says and Tony sighs. He had thought he was being discreet, but it was obvious Steve noticed the faces and comments he made about the place.
“I freaked you out, huh?”
“Chosen for what! To breed you? Do you know how insane that sounds?  I might screw up a lot, but I’d never do what you say I did.”
He decides to work on Peter’s room instead.
Happy grumbles some kind of response and leaves the room, shutting the door behind him. Now that they’re alone, Tony comes closer and takes the chair opposite of Steve.
“I thought I’d be ready. I wanted this. I wanted it for so long and now I have it and...and I’m scared. I should be happy, right? I got what I wanted.”
“I’m not leaving you alone anymore, sir. You’re in distress.”
“That was never your home. You belong here with me.”
“Wait, wait.” Tony breaks the kiss. “Do you want to?”
“Y-yeah,” Steve stammers, his breath hitching in his throat when his stomach tightens. He bites down on his bottom lip to stifle the groan that tries to crawl its way up his throat. The pain is getting worse and more intense. He wasn’t one to voice his discomfort, but it was getting harder and harder to keep his composer.
“Yay! I really love him and I want to hold him all the time and I want to play and eat cookies and-”
Steve shakes his head again. He wraps his arms around Morgan a little tighter. Tony knows he needs a better approach.
“I was gonna say adorable.”
“I know. Just think how worth it it’s going to be. You get to meet your son.”
“So you do know him?”
“It’s time to get up.”
“Fine. Just stuffed I guess,” Steve replies. He hasn’t bothered to dig into the cheesecake Tony had ordered for them to share, his appetite ruined.
Steve is sitting up in the bed when Tony enters the room, clutching onto Bucky and sobbing uncontrollably. Tony meets Bucky’s steel blue eyes, not missing the hurt that floods through them. Sam is nearby, rubbing Steve’s shoulder soothingly.
Steve huffs out a small laugh and lays his head over Tony’s shoulder. “I missed my babies. They do okay?”
“Oh. Yeah. I knew that. He’s just...yeah…” Steve is still panicking. He takes Peter into his arms and tries to calm him while he sits on the edge of the bed. It’s not until the bathroom door opens and Tony emerges does Steve sigh in relief. “Tony, he’s fussy and I can’t...please?”
“It is,” Steve nods his head. “Aren’t you reading any of the books?”
Peter’s vision momentarily blurs and he quickly blinks to rid the tears. He sniffs and says, “I don’t know. I...I don’t want to be here. Can’t we just leave his stuff alone?”
“Steve?” Tony calls out behind the closed door and knocks. He doesn’t get a reply at first, and he figures Steve has fallen asleep. The omega was tired most of the time, probably due to his body working overtime to create the life inside of him. Tony wishes he could do more to make the omega comfortable.
“I better get him cleaned up. Thank you for...everything.”
“Don’t!” He screams, back arching off the bed. He needs to get away. He needs to fight. “Stop! Don’t! Don’t touch me!”
Tony nods. “I’ll get a bottle.”
“I really really need to talk to you,” Peter tries again.
They were having a baby.
“Okay. Okay, that’s...Dammit! Don’t panic!”
The Agent sighs sadly. “I don’t know ma’am. Tell me everything you know.”
“He’ll be okay.”
“Goodnight, sweetheart,” Steve smiles and kisses his son’s head again. “I love you.”
“Oh my God. Tony, I swear I didn’t know. If I knew I would’ve told you-”
“Tony, please?” Steve’s begging is what snaps the alpha from his daydreams.
“I don’t know how to tell you,” Steve admits. He pauses, waiting for Tony to say something. When he doesn’t he continues. “I didn’t tell you everything about me. The things I went through-”
“I know, but he’s still my son. I have my rights-”
“Hey! Just because you’re the biggest Avenger!” Peter retorts.
“No. He’s not my alpha. I don’t have one. I just...I have to listen to him.”
“Sorry, kiddo. Papa has a meeting.”
Tony frowns. “Hmm. You see that’s where I have a problem. I can deal with the no missions and the weight gain...I think. But no coffee is a huge sacrifice for me.”
He’d mail it out tomorrow.
“Yep. Now spill.”
Steve inhales and exhales slowly, following Tony’s instructions. The third time he does this, his belly spasms painfully, causing him to choke on the air. He grips Tony harder, fingers twisting the fabric of his mate’s shirt.
“But you can smell him, right? You smell him on me?” Tony asks and Steve nods his head. “Oh my God. It is him. And he was right under my fucking nose. I let him in.”
“Steve, wait,” Tony’s hand flies out to stop him from leaving. Steve stops and stares down at the spot where Tony’s hand is. Tony retracts his hand quickly. “Don’t go. Please. If you’re still upset with me-”
“In here!” Steve’s voice rings out. Tony glances up at the stairs and makes his way up, loosening his tie as he ascends.
“Sure.”
“Good. I want him to be afraid of me.”
It became even more so when he had his son. He knew he couldn't trick or treat anymore-he stopped a long time ago and his husband made sure to remind him that he was all grown up-but now that he had his son, trick or treating was back on. And maybe he was using his son as an excuse to dress up and get free candy, but who was judging? Steve. Steve was judging.
“Enough,” Tony says and everyone falls silent. “I’ll deal with this meeting and then we can train.”
Tony sighs. “I hope so.”
“He said he’s coming to New York in a few weeks.”
“I’m fine,” Steve assures. “I’ve been punched before.”
Sam comes over next, stopping by the foot of the bed and tying the small bunch of balloons to the bedpost. “They’re not as cuddly as a bear but..”
“There’s no rush,” Tony murmures against Steve’s forehead. “We have a wedding to plan anyway.”
“We can do it,” Steve assures with a small smile. Despite his best efforts to offer some sort of reassurance, he can’t help the sadness that laces his tone. He loved Tony, more than he probably should, but he keeps that to himself. They were never meant to fall in love.
“Like the view?” Steve smirks.
Happy pulls the vehicle toward the back. It’s a smart move. Entering SI from the front entrance with a complete stranger following Tony Stark around would only bring unwanted attention.
“Your guess is as good as mine. You could always wake him. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind.”
“T-Tony!”
Tony grunts. “Fill me up. Put a baby in me.”
“That feels so good,” Tony moans. He slips his foot free and offers Steve his other one. “This one hurts the most. Don’t be afraid to be rough.”
“Hey, quit it,” Bucky says and lowers himself down on the foot of the bed. “I know that look.”
“Fine.” Tony frowns. “That’s fair. I did deserve that. And other things.”
A knock on the door makes them pull apart and Pepper pokes her head in. “They’re ready for you.”
“Come on, guys,” Tony groans. “Can you just make this easy for me?”
“It’s a shame,” Rumlow says into Tony’s ear. “It was a nice place.”
A lump forms in Tony’s throat and fresh tears gather in his eyes. “Y-yeah. He needs to stay in bed okay? Just stay out here and I’ll be right back.”
The sight has Steve growling in anger.
Yay they’re having a baby! There’s more to come for these two 😉
“I don’t know.”
to fuck him.
“No problem.” Tony takes Morgan into his arms and switches places with Steve. “Don’t make a mess of daddy’s suit, sweetheart.”
He didn’t need Tony for anything. He could have a baby by himself.
“Stay down, Omega,” Pierce orders. He turns toward the other alpha and gives him an order. Steve growls again when the alpha gets too close. “Give him the pup!”
“Just like that.”
“Yeah.” Tony nods in agreement. “It’s just...something feels off. I know I can get plastered but then I usually remember some things. I honestly have no recollection of last night. Nothing. Nada. “
And now he has his death to add to that hurt. Steve was gone and any chance he ever had with him was gone. Tony fucked it all up when he left, and when he refused to listen to what Steve had to say.
Bruce asks for Tony and they both leave the room.
Tony pulls himself to his feet, a small grunt slipping past his lips when he discovers it’s not just his head that aches; his whole body is sore. That could be pushed aside, but then a new sensation takes over, and that’s where he struggles.
Peter rushes toward Tony and together they leave.
The woman nods her head frantically and leads the way. Tony stays close behind her, his hand gripping the gun tightly in case someone is waiting for them.
“Whoa, hey, calm down.” Tony immediately picks up on Steve’s dangerous tone and sits up to take his boyfriend’s hands in his own. “Honey, I’m sorry. I promise I’ll make it up to you.”
“No, Steve, it’s just me. See? Just me.”
“You’re still here?” A familiar voice fills Steve’s ears and he glances up, finding Sam stepping into the room. The alpha immediately begins helping Steve clean up.
“When is Bruce arriving?” Steve asks and he reaches for the glass of orange juice Tony’s poured for him.
“I’m home!” Morgan announces the second she steps through the front door. The first thing she notices is the mess of toys in the living room and her pouting younger brother sitting on the couch.
Peter’s heart clenches. His dad didn’t say he loved him.
“Sci-fi. Well wait...I don’t know! I like a mixture of things. Comedy for sure. Some horror. But only the cheesy, campy kind. Like that really old one
“I can’t! It hurts! Tony, it hurts!”
The day Peter is brought home, Tony is giddy with excitement. He couldn’t wait to show Peter the nursery he spent months preparing, and then of course there was meeting Dodger for the first time.
“I mean it, Steve. You’re breathtaking. We’re so lucky to have you. I don’t think we could live without you.”
Steve nods and steps closer until he’s close enough to reach for his son. “Harley,” Steve breathes out, tears springing to his eyes. “Come here, baby.”
“Guess I need to find a new place to sleep.” Steve chuckles and pushes slightly against the pillow that has taken over the bed. He finds a comfortable enough position, though he’s wishing he could cuddle with his husband. The pillow replaced him.
Sam is with him. Bucky had decided against the idea. It was nothing new. Bucky was never a morning person to begin with.
“It’s fine. I...I am taking a lot of their time and it’s not fair to you. Between Harley and I...I get where you’re coming from. I guess it was easier before all this, huh?”
“I’m not done yet. I still want to keep this world safe, especially now.” Steve’s hand falls to his middle when he says this. The gesture doesn’t go ignored and Nick’s eyes land on the Captain’s belly.
Peter thinks it over for a second. Then he says, “Last chance. I wouldn’t screw it up if I were you.”
“I will. I promise.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She’s sobbing now, the sound painful to Peter’s ears. He leans against the doorframe, his own tears running down his face. The guilt that washes over him is difficult to ignore. They were grieving too and Peter somehow managed to make it about himself. That wasn’t his intention, but from where he’s standing, he can’t help but feel that way. He lost his father, but they lost their best friend. It wasn’t just about him. It was about all of them.
His alpha. Steve never imagined he’d ever be so lucky to have an alpha of his own. His mother always said there was one out there for him, but he never believed her words. Now he knows she had been right all along. He did have an alpha waiting for him and it had been worth the wait.
“I want to. I love him. And you. But mostly him.”
“Man.”
“You’re mad.”
“No! If I’ve done nothing but made your life a living hell and made you question everything then I’ll go. I was ready to do this alone.”
“Pete,” Steve says softly. “Pete, look at me.”
Steve frowns. “Hilarious.”
“Don’t say that. You’re not. You’re getting better.”
“At all?” Steve is still frowning.
“This is so cool!” Peter freaks out anyway. “You live here? Alone? That must get pretty lonely.”
Tony makes a note to treat his family to a real vacation. The Lord knows they need it. Maybe Disneyworld. The kids would love that. Tony can already picture the pups dressed in matching Mickey Mouse outfits and hats. Hell he’d wear one too just for the fun of it.
“He’s better. He has his moments but...you’ve done something. Just be patient with him. Tony’s not a bad guy. He just does stupid things sometimes.”
Tony shrugs. “I’m a difficult person.”
“Oh she most definitely is. But can you blame her for wanting you?”
“Steve, darling, look at me.”
The door to Sam’s private room opens and Peter jumps out of his seat. Bucky steps into the hall, eyes bright with tears. He greets Peter and Natasha first, hugging them close. Then Natasha is whispering something to him and steel blue eyes are locking with Tony’s. They’re full of confusion, but it’s the anger in them that has Tony recoiling.
“Please?” Steve is quietly begging her; the sound breaks Tony’s heart. Tony intervenes, stepping into the room, offering a sympathetic smile when Steve notices him and glances up. “Sorry,” he’s quick to apologize. “She was hungry and...and...I-”
Tony wasn’t like Bucky. They were opposites, but there was no denying that something was growing between Steve and Tony. The kiss was a start and a promise of more lingered above them. There was a chance of finally having a mate.
“Relax, baby. It’s just me.” Tony gently pressing his finger against the tight muscle, watching as Steve’s body relaxes just enough to take him in and swallow the tip of his finger. “Good. Just like that. Feel good?”
“At least we know he’ll be good around Peter,” Steve says.
“Sorry, man, but I have to go…” Peter says lamely and adjusts the strap of his backpack around his shoulder.
“You went to bed early last night,” Ned says, reminding Peter of their conversation last night. Peter had been the one to leave their chat first, claiming he was tired when in reality he was on the verge of throwing up.
“Move, Captain. Fuck me like you mean it.”
“Just give him a chance,” Peter says. “I did. He’s not...he’s not perfect but he’s still my dad. He’s the only parent I have left.”
“If there’s any way of us figuring out how to get over our differences-”
Whenever he disappears to his lab to work, Steve just assumes he’s upgrading or repairing suits. Sometimes he is doing those things, but most of his time is used researching. He changes the passcode to his lab so that Steve doesn’t accidentally walk in on him and discover the truth. Steve could never know.
“It’s not your fault, Tony,” Natasha assures. “Don’t blame yourself. We didn’t know how severe his pain was.”
Any other threats waiting for him back off. The men stand down, watching in shock and horror as their leader is dragged away. Pierce screams out for his men, but they hide away, ignoring his pleas.
Tony smiles. “Yeah.”
This time Tony loses his cool and throws the glass against the wall, not caring if it smashes into pieces and creates a mess on the floor.
“You slept with him at that party, didn’t you?”
“I don’t know,” Sam shrugs. “Steve wanted him to know about Tony.”
“Cap!” Tony cries in panic. Blue eyes are shooting open and Steve raises his head, brows crinkling in confusion. “Sorry,” Tony apologizes. “Don’t fall asleep on me.”
“But you love me anyway, right?”
“Just hang on okay? Uncle Bruce is going to fix you and…” Peter trails off when he notices his papa shake his head. “Papa…”
Something in Flash’s face changes. He no longer appears angry or paranoid. For the first time he seems scared and unsure. He was usually confident and full of himself. The Flash Peter saw and dealt with on a regular basis didn’t compare to the one standing in front of him now.
Tony chuckles and pats Happy on the shoulder. “I wouldn’t stress about it.”
He needs to step away from the party and he disappears from the common room and hides out on the stairs. He leans against the railing and takes a deep breath to calm his nerves. His stomach churns and his head spins. Steve’s unsure if it’s the party that’s overwhelming or knowing in a couple of months he’d be a father.
Morgan is ready to talk about her paper and the story her best friend told her and the way the cute boy, Ryan, in her class looked at her and-
“It just feels different. He’s not here when he’s supposed to be and then my dad…” Peter trails off with a sigh.
Tony’s eyes brighten at that. “Really? You’d give me a second chance?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hi, mama,” James is the next to greet, hugging Steve’s side. Sarah grows annoyed and fusses, squirming and babbling angrily at her brother. James huffs and moves away to avoid being kicked.
Eventually he can’t take it anymore and he rushes out of the room, thankful no one follows him. He runs down the stairs and takes the elevator until he’s at the main doors. It’s already raining, but he doesn’t care and he runs outside.
Also! Maybe it’s time Tony returned to the compound? I think Bucky wants to give him something 😉
“Fuck!” Tony cries out from a particularly hard thrust. He throws his head back and moans, eyes falling shut from the intense pleasure that shoots through him. His cock jerks, shooting ropes of cum and painting his belly white.
“Our future kid!”
“So what’s the plan? You made me dress up.”
He’s forced to let the beta do his job, cutting the cord and separating Steve from his daughter. The beta stretches a hand out for the pup, only for Steve to growl and bring her closer and out of reach.
“Tony-”
Poor Steve! At least Tony was there to comfort him. I’ll get into more details about the other pups...
Steve chuckles. “You don’t. I’m happily taken.”
“Okay.” Tony is forced to slide his arms off of Steve, something he hasn’t done in a long time. Steve was always allowing him to touch, even before Morgan was introduced to their lives. During the pregnancy, Steve actually encouraged Tony to feel how his body was changing. Now he was pushing him away. It hurt.
“Prove it.”
“Yeah yeah.” Tony grins and ruffles Peter’s hair. “I’ll come back...soon. I don’t know. Maybe when your mean uncle calms down.”
“Domestic abuse?”
“No, I’m good thank you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He picks up the sound of someone downstairs and he immediately rushes out of the room to investigate. He’s ready to ask JARVIS to scan the perimeter for any threats, but then he holds off when he picks up a familiar scent.
Steve takes a deep breath and exhales slowly, his eyes shutting as he tips his head back against the seat. He forces his mind to think about something else, anything else. But all his brain can conjure up is thoughts about the alpha after him and his pup.
“No one is blaming you. His death-”
Steve shakes his head. “It’s not. What did I do?”
And that’s when Peter screams.
Steve chuckles and ducks his head down to capture Tony’s lips in a kiss, only to pull back when Tony turns his face and offers his cheek.
Morgan loved her family. And they loved her.
His ears are perked, waiting for any indication that Steve does in fact need help. But when all he hears is silence, he assumes Morgan had been easier to handle this time around. It’s tempting to go back to sleep now that Steve is taking care of the baby, but he finds himself feeling guilty for even considering that. Steve was the one lacking the most sleep, and it was only right that Tony care for Morgan.
A choked sob escapes him at the thought. The pain was still fresh and appeared like it wasn’t going away anytime soon. It probably never would. It would always be there.
Tony rolls his eyes and playfully slaps Steve on the arm. “I still hate you by the way. Taking my coffee like some kind of monster.”
Steve nods, understanding what Tony was getting at. “Yeah,” he says and he glances down at Peter. “He’s almost done.”
“I don’t know if you see it but you’re getting stronger. You’re starting to act like yourself. Today kind of messed things up but other days you’re smiling. You’re not at all like the guy I remember picking up in my car.”
“I’ve reminded him.”
“How long was I asleep?” he asks and yawns again.
“Even your parents?”
Steve chuckles softly against Tony’s throat. “Maybe.”
“Salsa?”
“Please?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers. Tony releases another sob, the sound bringing tears to Steve’s eyes. Even though he was told not to blame himself for their loss, Steve can’t help but point the finger at himself. His body was supposed to care and protect that little life, and yet it somehow betrayed him and took it instead.
“What’s up, kiddo?” Tony turns his body toward him, smiling softly and getting one in return.
James sniffs again and lifts his head, connecting his eyes with Steve’s. “Really? All the time?”
Steve presses in deeper, searching for that spot that he knows will bring Tony pleasure.
Steve is in the bedroom, sitting on the bed with something in his hand. Tony ignores the item at first and leans in to greet his husband with a kiss to the cheek. Steve doesn’t even acknowledge him, at least not the way he usually does. It has Tony growing concerned.
When Peter doesn’t say anything, Tony continues.
“Okay,” Tony chuckles again and ruffles his son’s messy hair.
“I’m scared,” Steve whispers. Tony runs a hand through Steve’s hair and leans down to kiss his forehead.
And honestly he’s not sure how to feel about it. He was still terrified and couldn’t imagine having a baby this young, but at the same time he found himself growing attached.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony grunts again and takes a deep breath before bearing down, this time with more effort. His hard work pays off because Peter is inching closer, his head slipping free and weighing heavily between Tony’s legs.
“Of course, sir.”
Steve sighs and shakes his head. “He can be handful.”
Bruce gestures with his chin for Tony to follow him and together they make their way toward the elevators. The silence that surrounds them has Tony growing uncomfortable and wishing he was hiding back at his tower. But what kind of person would he be if he hid from his friends and son again? He promised he’d be around and unfortunately there was going to be some awkwardness at first.
Tony grunts, his eyes squeeze shut for a moment. “Fuck. This hurts like a bitch.”
“How was I supposed to know the kid was mine? The story made no sense-”
“I think you’re making it complicated. And Steve. I know how stubborn he can be.”
It’s just a matter of minutes, Pepper and Happy arrive to take the pups and distract them for a few minutes.
The city is awake and bustling like it is every morning. The roads and sidewalks are jammed packed with its morning commuters. It definitely lived up to its name. It never sleeps.
Tony winces and nods his head. “Something happened-”
“And my son?” Tony asks, his mind wandering to the little pup missing from the picture.
The rest of the group gathers around the grave. Tony wraps an arm around his son, bringing him close. Peter glances around at the team, a smile forming over his face now that he was surrounded by the people he loved.
“I knew you needed help.”
“Yes, sir. Perhaps one day.”
Good. Bucky was able to give Steve what Tony took away.
“Let him go,” Brock orders, “or he dies.”
Steve directs his attention back to the bear, using it as a form of distraction and to hide his tears from his friends. He traces one finger along the stitched letters on the bear’s belly, squeezing his eyes shut when the tears threaten to fall.
“No. You blew me off last night-”
“Where are they?” Tony asks.
“I’ll figure it out,” Tony promises. “I’ll figure out what you need and-”
“Were. We were having a baby.”
James finishes his hot chocolate fairly quickly, but Steve’s not surprised. He cleans more whipped cream from his son’s face, then together they look at the stars until James is falling back asleep.
“If you need to go back-”
“Honey, what are you doing?” Tony asks, eyes darting in the direction of the bag and then up again to meet Steve’s.
The compound felt lonely. Well, lonelier than what it has been. Peter was used to having his family around him all the time. If he wasn’t spending time with his papa, then he was watching his aunt and Uncle Bucky spar in the training room. Sometimes he’d hang out in the lab and watch his uncle Bruce work. Or he’d watch his Uncle Sam practice new flight patterns around the vast property.
Tony grumbles some kind of response and gestures for the water still in Steve’s hand. He drinks slow, cautious sips, almost as if he’s afraid to chug it down and spit it back up.
“Hi, sweetheart,” Steve coos softly. He brushes his thumb along her face, smiling when she peers up at him. “I won’t let them hurt you. I promise.”
“They-they don’t l-love me!” she cries.
“It’s true. She needs you. Don’t leave us. You know I can’t do this without you.”
Tony greets him with a smile. “Hey, darling. Sleep well?”
Thank you guys for the wonderful response! It made me smile and so excited to start the next chapter. 😊
There was someone who would know.
Tony smiles and curls up beside his husband, a sigh of content leaving his lips. Steve wraps an arm around him and brings him even closer. He presses a soft kiss to the side of his head.
Steve glances down and places his hand over his belly. “You didn’t know. And honestly this isn’t the worst thing that’s happened to me. It’s the best, actually.”
“Ah!” Steve cries and grabs his belly. The pain was back.
“What are you doing?” Steve asks and places a soft kiss to the back of Tony’s neck. “Come upstairs.”
“Yeah? Leave me alone. How’s that for helping?”
Tony screams again. His eyes flood with tears, a few of them escaping and rolling down his face. He blinks the rest back to clear his vision. He can still hear the medical staff encouraging him, but it’s not enough. He needs Steve.
“It’s my fault. It’s my fault.”
“Is there anything I can do?”
“Why didn’t you force me off? If I came onto you and you didn’t want it then why didn’t you fight back?”
He glances at the car radio, fingers wrapping around the wheel tightly when he notices the time. Peter never did say when he’d show up and Tony had no idea if the kid was in school. He must be. Steve had probably been strict.
They haven’t been away from each other before, at least not like this. Going to work had been easier when Tony knew Steve was safe in the penthouse, but now that he was on the other side of the country, he can’t help but feel uneasy.
“I love you so much. This is the best birthday I’ve ever had.”
Tony swallows hard and reaches up to place his hand over the one on his shoulder. Their eyes meet and a small, sad smile is shared between them.
“Hey!” Tony greets, a smile forming over his face. He makes his way into the kitchen and sets down the drinks and bag on the island. “I got pastries and-” Tony looks over the steaming cups. “Two coffees and a chamomile tea. I don’t know if you drink coffee but with the...yeah...I figured tea was better.”
“Honey, wake up. Steve, it’s me.” Tony continues to shake Steve until his eyes are shooting open, wide and terrified. “Darling, look at me. It’s me. It’s me.”
“What? It’s cute.”
“You’re okay. You, me and mommy are okay now. And...your brothers and sister. I’m sure you’ll love them. I haven’t met them yet but they seem like good pups. If they’re anything like your mother.”
“How’d it go?” Sam asks and he steps into the room.
He starts to cry.
“Touch me,” Steve urges.
“Sir,” Jarvis says. “Dr. Banner has arrived.”
Steve hums in response. “Yeah, I’d like that.”
“Hi to you too.”
“Your son?”
Steve lets out a soft sigh and reaches out to place a hand over Tony’s shoulder, only to retract it and pretend he was interested in the instructions that came with the crib. It’s tempting to comfort Tony the way he used to, but that was the past. They weren’t together like that anymore.
“Why can’t you be here?” Tony asks.
“Mr. Pierce,” Tony greets, holding out a polite hand. The other alpha shakes it. “What can I do for you?”
Bucky doesn’t respond, not that Peter was expecting him to. He understood where his uncle was coming from. Tony had proved time and time again that his own feelings and needs came before anyone else’s. But Peter forgave him for that and was willing to give him a second chance. It was time everyone else did the same.
“I know that’s wrong and I don’t mean to have those thoughts, but I just hurt so bad. I don’t know how to explain it; I don’t even know if I can try. I’m just in so much pain and I want it to go away. I want to feel like myself again.”
“I know. You’re better than me, Pete. You’re stronger. I know you can get through this.”
“Isn’t that a little risky?”
Sorry for the late update! Life has been crazy. I hope everyone is doing well!
“Nope. I’m good.”
Steve gasps suddenly and pulls back, eyes darting down toward his belly. Peter is squirming, pressing his foot roughly against Steve’s side.
“I’m not expecting you to like me,” Tony continues, “to be honest I don’t even like me. What I did was wrong, and I’m sorry.”
But he’s reminded that it was too late for any of that. The scene was merely a memory. Tony couldn’t alter it, he couldn’t change the outcome.
“He was pissed that I took it,” Bucky says with a small chuckle, then he continues going through the pages, coming across more birthdays, Christmas’s, and all the holidays in between.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” The doctor apologizes. “I need to check your dilation. Can you roll over for me?”
“I think I know what it is.” Steve leans down to connect their lips, moaning softly when Tony reaches up to thread his fingers through his hair.
Tony narrows his eyes. “I knew you’d side with Bucky. Are you two capable of having separate opinions?”
“Peter too?” Steve asks and glances at his sleeping pup.
The pain begins to taper off. Steve still holds onto Happy’s hand.
“Listen,” Tony is the first to say. Steve still can’t bring himself to turn around. “I’m sorry how I left things...us. I just needed to step away and-can you look at me? I know I screwed up but-”
“Are you okay?” Pepper asks and when Steve nods, she adds, “I’m only asking because I wanted to check on Tony. He should be finished by now.”
Peter chokes back a sob and leans forward in his chair, covering his face with his hands and sobbing into them, his body trembling with each sob that escapes him.
Thank you guys for reading and I'll update soon!
“What is happening! Tony, what did you do?”
“Fine. Can we go now? I’m starving.”
Tony is barely able to lift his wrists, but a little binding wasn’t going to scare him in siding with the bad guys. “What is this? A scare tactic? I’ve been tied up before. Do I have a safe word?”
“Damn you, Rogers.” Steve is grinning now and Tony quickly points a threatening finger in his direction. “Wait, don’t get excited just yet. We can keep him but I swear to God if that dog-”
Tony sighs harshly. “No. I love them. A break would be nice sometimes but-”
“Tony-”
Happy glances at the two pups that had caused mayhem all day. His expression softens. “I love the kids. Even if they like to scream and draw on my face.”
“But we wouldn’t get to do this,” Tony finishes and he picks up a pack of diapers and places it in the cart. “We already missed a lot. At least we can have this, right?”
Natasha smacks him in the shoulder.
“Like us?” Steve frowns and folds his arms over his chest.
Nick huffs in annoyance. “Son of a bitch.”
“If you two were done bantering-”
Peter watches with amusement as his uncles bicker back and forth. He glances down at the cat still cradled in his arms and leaves down the hall with her.
It’s too much and the last brain cell Tony had left advises against it, but he chooses to ignore the warning and let Steve kiss him.
Peter rolls his eyes. “I know that, but it’s just so….that’s really it?”
He curses at the thought of having to start over. He takes his time, making sure each little button is properly snapped shut. Peter is still agitated, no doubt from a late feeding schedule. Steve usually had him latched on and nursing by now.
“Duh. Pete missed you more, I think. Or he missed food. I don’t know,” Tony says.
Sam huffs. “If you say so.”
Sam rolls his eyes and gets up from his spot on the couch. “You both are weird.”
Thank you for reading!
“We should let Peter decide.” Natasha knows she’s not on the same page as everyone else, but truth be told, it was Peter’s decision. “Steve always said if Peter wanted to meet him then he should.”
“Hang on,” Sam interrupts. “It’s Samantha. We never agreed to-”
Tony immediately heads down to his lab, a place he usually found solace in. He could be down there and tinker for hours, blocking out the rest of the world until he was ready to face it again. He thought coming back to the city and getting a fresh start was what he needed. Now he’s wishing he never came back.
“No! Please!”
“Not out loud. He’s scared and confused and all he wants is for us to be on his side.”
“Let me stop you there. He needs me to back off and let him breathe. I screwed everything up. Honestly I don’t blame him for not wanting to be around me. I practically murdered Steve-” Tony pauses, blowing out a heavy breath. Who knew those words could hurt to say.
Tony gives a small shrug in response. “I don’t know. I came across it the other night and meant to tell you, but you were asleep. We don’t have to name him that if you don’t want.”
He rushes through the rest of his shower. He doesn’t notice the way the water near his feet is tinged a pale pink.
Bucky’s jaw clenches and he forces a small smile. “Yeah.”
He’s sitting in the living room, hunched over the coffee table and going through the same files she had seen him reading the day prior. She’s almost hesitant to approach him. He seems stressed and on edge.
Steve chuckles softly and ducks his head down to peck Tony on the lips. He moves quickly to grab the lube and shed his shirt. Tony’s eyes are immediately drawn to his torso. Steve follows his gaze, brows furrowing at the small bump he finds. He doesn’t want to worry himself when it was just a little weight gain.
He appears to be the only one that has a dislike for the team's four-legged member. Everyone else on the team has taken a liking to the dog, some even suggesting that the dog become the team's mascot. Tony shut Clint’s idea down real fast.
Natasha gets up from the sofa and disappears to the kitchen. Steve can hear her opening the fridge and drawers; she’s been over enough times that she knows where everything is and is comfortable in his space. She returns with a container of Chocolate Chip ice cream and two spoons, then she takes her original spot beside him.
“It’s not your fault, kid.”
“You look different…” Tony says, sound a little unsure. He sits up and gestures for Steve to come closer so he can get a better look. His hands immediately find their way to Steve’s stomach.
“Barnes mad?” Tony asks.
Steve peers up at her. “It’s okay.”
“It’s okay,” Steve assures and he lifts his shirt off his head, tossing it on the floor to join Tony’s discarded one. He lies back and removes his sweatpants and underwear, then takes his own cock into his hand and strokes himself. “Take your time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry,” he apologizes, a sheepish smile forming over his lips. “It is cold.”
Tony huffs and rolls his eyes. “Fine. Speaking of your pants…” Tony’s gaze drops down to the hem of Steve’s jeans. He runs a finger over the band before dipping it inside. “These are a little snug on you, huh?”
Sam nods and leaves.
“But I bet it doesn’t smell like milk and dirty diapers.”
“Is the kid asleep?” Clint asks, his voice raspy. The sound of his voice captures everyone’s attention and all eyes fall on the sleeping boy in Natasha’s lap.
Peter knew this day was coming. Sooner or later he’d have to return to his old apartment. For the past couple of weeks his uncle’s home had been home. The guest bedroom that was reserved for his future cousin now held some of his belongings. A part of Peter hated that he took that space and tainted it. He hopes one day he’s not living there anymore and a new baby takes his place. He keeps his fingers crossed.
“FRIDAY told me…”
“H-hi. I was just um…” Steve trails off, his gaze landing on the cake. He still needed to add more candles and he rushes over to finish, his hands shaking as he struggles to open the second package.
Fresh tears gather in his eyes and they roll down his face. He’s sobbing again.
“It’s a lot and I’m so sorry I had to drag you into this.”
“Probably at Stark’s,” Bucky says with a roll of his eyes. He hasn’t gotten over the fact that a 15 year old tricked him. Sam wasn’t surprised that Peter had been so sneaky. It’s what teenagers do. Sam was pretty sure what upset Bucky was the fact that a teenager went over The Winter Soldier's head.
“I’ve had scary dreams too,” Tony says.
“Thanks. I’m not saying we have to be friends-”
“Move!” Brock says again, pressing the end of the baton into Steve’s lower back.
“He’s coming,” Natasha assures and glances over at the car she had just exited from. “He needed a minute.”
“No,” Steve’s responds, his voice soft. “I...I don’t think I can do this.”
“Stomach,” Steve replies through gritted teeth. “It’s been...cramping all day…”
Steve had said nothing fancy, pretty much stressed that to his boyfriend, but it was obvious Tony hadn’t been listening. The outfit picked out for him isn’t what Steve had anticipated wearing for their date. A simple pair of jeans and a nice shirt would have sufficed, but Tony had other plans and laid out a suit for him.
“Come on,” he tells himself in the mirror. He’d give anything to hear one of Steve’s famous speeches. He’d give anything to have Steve.
“I know. He’ll be okay. We’re gonna get you out of here.”
“I wasn’t referring to your stature.” Alexander returns and hands Tony the glass. “Your brain is what makes you extraordinary.”
“I love you.”
The door shuts on their way out, and Tony and Steve are left alone again.
“True. I couldn’t help it. Those sounds you were making,” Steve hums and leans in to connect their lips.
They break a part and Tony tucks the pup back in. He waits until James is comfortable and falls back to sleep before placing a kiss to the pup’s head and leaving the room.
Peter slants in his seat and peeks Ned’s way, finding him frowning again. It’s not just him. Happy has a similar expression on his face.
“You mean at the cemetery?”
A small smile forms over Steve’s face at those words. He remembers that day and how scared and unsure he had been. He didn’t think he would’ve made it into the city and away from his abuser. He never thought in a million years that he’d run into the alpha that sired his pup.
“Promise?”
At least he’s kinda telling his friends what’s going on. Kinda.
Peter sits down on the bed, and this time his eyes land on the photograph. He takes it in his hands, tears blurring the two people in the photo. He blinks a couple of times to clear his vision.
“Play first,” Peter decides, just like Steve knew he would.
Peter passes out during the second movie. Tony glances over at his son to find him curled up on the sofa and snoring softly. He looked so small and fragile. Maybe because in a way he was. He had one of the worst things happen to him. It was painful to lose anyone, but the loss of a parent, especially one as special as Steve, was excruciating.
Peter stirs, a small whimper escaping his lips. Steve shushes him quietly and brings him closer. Peter’s eyes flutter open for a moment before dropping shut again, then he begins to purr.
Steve knows what he’s waiting for and with a shake of his head, Steve gives him his answer. “He’s not coming.”
Steve whimpers in response. He’s used to dirty talk, but during past foreplay experiences, he wasn’t tied up and blindfolded. It made it more exhilarating.
Pierce only smirks. “Changing the world. Your son is exactly what Hydra has been looking for.”
Tony frowns at the sound of his tone. The day their daughter was born, Steve had been gushing over her. Tony remembers how excited he had been when he brought up the possibility of Morgan’s eyes matching Tony’s. When they first discovered they were expecting, Steve had been hoping for their child to take after Tony.
Bruce huffs. “That’s not what I’m saying. Steve wasn’t perfect.”
“Aw.” Tony places one hand over his heart and comes over to properly greet his son. “I missed you too, kiddo. But daddy had to do boring business stuff.”
Peter was his. He’d never do anything to bring his son harm, and anyone who tried would have to go through him first. The promises Steve had made to his other pups had never been fulfilled. He won’t make that mistake again. He’d keep Peter safe.
Steve hated them.
“I’m sorry.”
“At being her papa.”
“Now you can do it again!” Peter exclaims.
Here is the next chapter...it only gets worse.
He knows what he needs to do, but the decision is too big and he finds himself worrying about it more than he should. There isn’t anyone he can really talk to about it. He opened up to JARVIS, only for his trusted A.I. to criticize him and the choice he was contemplating.
Sam laughs. “You weren’t even gone that long.”
Steve sniffs, vision blurred when he’s forced to relive the moment he wishes he could take back. The memory makes his stomach churn violently.
“Look, you’ll be fine. I trust you.”
Steve has never been able to do this with any of his previous pups. They had always been taken away the moment they made their first cry. This time he wouldn’t allow that to happen. He would protect her.
Peter smiles and leans into his dad’s touch. It felt...different. He enjoyed the comfort and found it to be nice, but it was different. Maybe because he was used to his papa comforting him another way or because his dad touching him was new and foreign.
“He’s a good kid,” Sam defends. “He wouldn’t hide anything from us. We already made it clear we’re all here for him.”
“This is insane!” Happy exclaims. “You don’t even know the guy!”
He slips himself free from the alpha’s arms, letting them fall limp on the bed. Steve crawls off the bed and quietly moves around the room, picking up his discarded clothes and slipping them on. His body is still covered and sticky with the alpha’s release.
“I’ll be right there.”
“Yummy!” Peter repeats with excitement.
Tony can’t help but smile at the scene.
The gray blob that appears on the screen never fails to amaze him. He’s seen this same image before, and each time his heart fills with love and joy. That was his baby. No matter how his pups were conceived, he still loved them more than anything.
“Well maybe I want to catch up to him,” Bucky grumbles.
Pepper rolls her eyes. “If you’re stalling-”
“Omegas were not allowed to be anything other than weak-”
Tony greets the rest of his friends, then he moves toward the grave to lay the flowers down. Peter stands beside him and smiles.
“You always breeze through this.”
He doesn’t turn for the glass of scotch, even when it promises a drunken haze. But that was what put him in this situation in the first place. All he did was get drunk and do stupid things. That would at least explain his memory loss.
“But I can because I’m older!”
Tony sighs. “Forget it. Let me take you home.”
“And some of us-wait, you think I’m a hero?” Tony asks and Peter nods his head again. “Wow. Okay. I’m not gonna get emotional right now.”
Just a few more months. He could handle that.
“He’s here. He’s here.”
“It’s fine. Tony, it’s good. I’m just not that hungry. Guess I’m a little nervous.”
Hello, everyone! I’m so sorry I haven’t updated this one in a long time. Endings are hard for me so I kind of pushed this one to the side until I could come up with an ending. Guess that didn’t work because I’m adding another chapter after this. Just an epilogue or something. This one mostly focuses on Steve’s progress and his time in the program.
“Ah!” Tony holds up a finger to silence her. “I’m gonna stop you right there. We’re not in love. Maybe we were once but...that was a long time ago. We’re just friends.”
A familiar scent fills his nose. It makes him sick.
“Of course,” Tony says and steps further into the room, taking small, cautious steps toward his husband. “Steve, what did you do?”
Besides that one incident, everything else appears normal. Tony is still his same, snarky self. He hasn’t complained about anything. That’s when Steve decides to quit looking for any indication of pregnancy. The last thing he needed was to feel disappointment.
got it. “I think it’s damaged or-”
“Because I knew you’d overreact.”
“Let us know if you need anything okay?” Sam says.
“I wanted to make you happy. Guess I failed, huh? I’ve been an asshole. Don’t say otherwise. I know I have been.”
Steve nods and sniffs. He wipes at his eyes, and apologizes for crying.
“I’m here, Petey,” Steve assures and he takes his son into his arms, holding him close and shushing him. “You’re going to be okay. You’re safe.”
“Some days I used to think so. There’s always those days when you wish you could drink and forget.”
But Steve didn’t have an alpha, at least, not the way he was supposed to. He was always told that his alpha would take care of him, protect him. Their bond was supposed to be strong, built from love.
“Yeah. Don’t worry. I didn’t go on a mission with a bun in my oven if that’s what you’re thinking. It was before...weeks before,” Bucky replies.
The alpha continues to talk, each word spilling from his mouth only fuels Tony’s anger. He’d give anything to break free and rip Pierce apart.
“Don’t,” Tony waves him off. “You didn’t do anything wrong. JARVIS alerted me and I came running.”
He loosens the tie around his neck, freeing himself from the restriction and gulping down air into his lungs. His stomach hurts and he wants to throw up. Now that he’s alone, he lets it all out.
“He knows.” Tony sighs and rises to his feet. He picks up the car seat and Pepper walks him out. “Thanks for listening, Pep. It helped.”
“Going once. Going twice. Kid, I have stuff you can borrow. Go look through it.” Tony gestures to the pile of clothes thrown on the couch.
“Do you know how far along you are?”
“You okay?” Steve asks, deciding the clothes can wait. He moves toward Tony, eyes darting down toward the pile of dark pieces that still needed to be attached.
“I figured it made sense to name her after the person who helped bring her into this world.”
Steve only cries out in response. The contractions are coming one after the other, not once giving Steve a chance to catch his breath. Another one is beginning to build and when it peaks, Steve can’t hold back the small scream. Tears blur his vision and he shuts his eyes to hold them in, but a few escape and roll down his face.
“And that’s bad?”
“You know he only likes you for your um…” Tony pauses, frowning at his instability to form a proper snarky remark. Natasha chooses to ignore him and instead focuses on cooing over her nephew. “Never mind. Thanks for the help.”
Tony nods. “Okay. Probably make this a two-story, right? Three, four bedrooms?”
Peter decides to try Ned’s place for now.
“Then what the hell is it, Steve?” Tony seethes. Steve sighs. Getting his husband upset was the one thing he was trying to avoid.
“Really?” Steve asks.
“You’re doing so good, Tones.” Steve leans forward, stretching his fingers out to brush away the dark strands of hair in Tony’s face.
Tony can’t get the scene of Steve lying lifeless on the floor out of his head. It will probably always be there, haunting him for the rest of his life. It’s a visual he never pictured before, one he never wanted to see. The one thing Tony hated was seeing Steve hurt or in pain. The one thing Tony feared was losing Steve. He couldn’t live without him, Steve was his whole world. A life without Steve wasn’t a life Tony wanted to live.
His son is wrapped in a blanket and placed in his arms and Tony thanks her again. Tony makes sure Peter is secure in his arms, then he takes the gun and rushes out of the room.
“You’re jok-”
“It’s not...good, Nat.” Steve turns away from her to release the bag from the chain, but then she’s quickly reaching out for him and stopping him from pulling it off.
“I know! God, Tony it’s not like we’re telling him his dog ran away or something. He lost a sibling! A sibling he was so excited for. How do we tell him that?”
“Because it’s...me. I’m not...well...you know who I am.”
Morgan nods her head and Peter comes over to give her a hug. Morgan accepts the embrace. She can’t even remember the last time they hugged like this.
He expects Tony to pull away, to yell and scream, to throw him out of his home and demand he never come back. But then he’s surprising Steve yet again when he pulls him closer, allowing Steve to sob into his chest.
“Hon, maybe you should go back to bed.”
The collar is forgotten.
“How did he die?”
“I’m sorry, Captain. But I’m afraid I can’t do that. I can’t let Mr. Stark hurt you anymore.”
I’m so sorry that I haven’t updated in a while! I’m so distracted with other things and I’ve lost my motivation and inspiration to write. I finally had some time and a bit of inspiration, so this chapter was able to get done. I hope you all enjoy it!
Peter grabs a bunch of toilet paper, accidentally taking more from the roll and creating a mess. He curses and tries to fix it. The custodian didn’t need more added to his work load.
“I’m not scared,” Flash tries to make himself seem braver, but he knows his facade is failing. Deep down he was scared.
Steve cries out again and hunches forward, his head resting against Bucky’s chest.
“They’re delayed but I explained to Steve that with the proper care and treatment that they’ll be fine. I suggest meeting with Dr. Helen Cho.”
“Then maybe you two should talk?”
“You asked!”
“But I feel like I do. I don’t know how to explain it but I feel connected to him somehow. Maybe I’m just crazy.”
As far as birthdays go, Peter’s 16th was just as he imagined it. Well, except for the heartbreaking fact that his papa wasn’t there to see it. The day was bittersweet. But his uncles and aunt still managed to do what they could to make Peter’s day special, not wanting another incident like the one at Steve’s party to occur. This day was strictly about Peter and Peter alone.
Tony narrows his eyes. “Are you two getting along?”
I told you I’d update again! I swear I’m trying not to since I have other stories that need my attention but I just have so much planned for this one I guess 🤷♀️
Peter giggles. “I’m reading Dodger a story!”
(See the end of the chapter for
He keeps his fingers crossed just in case. The tower would be less lonely if Peter was only just down the hall.
Morgan smiles. “So...you won’t forget about me?”
Steve rushes toward the toilet, dropping down to his knees and emptying the contents of his stomach into the bowl beneath him. The nausea passes, but the uneasy feeling in the pit of his gut remains. He moves away and until he’s resting against the wall. His hands travels up to his head, fingers grasping his hair and pulling hard. More tears are spilling from his eyes now and he no longer cares about his appearance.
“You wanna sleep next to him?” Tony asks and Steve nods his head.
“Don’t worry, Papa, I’ll keep you safe.”
This time Steve looks up at him. “We are just friends, right?”
“You can.” Bruce smiles and wraps the pup in a towel, then he places the newborn on his mother’s chest. “He’s your pup.”
“You rushed to get back, didn’t you?”
Steve shakes his head. “C-can’t.”
“It’s not. I...I like them too. But Happy still intimidates me. I know he’s just looking out for you but I can tell he still thinks I’m a threat to you.”
It’s not long before he has Steve moaning his name and writhing in pleasure beneath him. Tony fucks into Steve at a steady pace, pulling more moans and curses from his kiss swollen lips. Steve wraps his legs around Tony’s waist, urging him closer and deeper.
“What I had to do. If we had that baby...can you imagine the hell that poor kid would’ve gone through? To have me as a father? I had to save them.”
“This is ridiculous,” he sighs and scrubs a hand over his face. A soft bark in the dark responds and he sits up, eyes drawn to the figure near his feet.
“Ah fuck,” Steve hisses and his back arches. “Tony, shit, don’t stop. Please don’t stop.”
“He’s not my mate.” Tony reminds him.
“You mean this wasn’t it?”
“I know you do. It’s been too long since you’ve let me do this. You’re always fucking other alpha’s. It’s my turn.”
Bruce sighs and adjusts his glasses. “And does Steve know you want to do a paternity test?”
“Dead!” Pierce spats.
“And he will. Steve, go home and be with your family.”
Steve's eyes fill with tears, a few escaping and rolling down his face. “I love you too. I want us to go back to how we used to be. Everything was...normal. We were happy.”
They’ve gathered in the room, fitting comfortably in the large space. Natasha is the first one to smile at the sight of her nephews, but even she didn’t hesitate to gloat about her being right. Steve wasn’t surprised.
“You can relax,” Alexander tells him. “You’re home now.”
That was another thing he was used to. Charities and nonprofits were always trying to get him to donate. And a lot of the time he did. He was a billionaire, he had more money than what he knew what to do with. This new organization-he had already forgotten their name- was no different.
Morgan looks around the room. The mess wasn’t terrible and she could probably have it cleaned up in five minutes, ten at the most. It would make her parents happy.
The guest room was fine. It was obvious that the room had never been used or bothered with. It was basic.
“I thought he would’ve-”
Tony huffs out a laugh and shakes his head. “Believe it or not that’s been all Steve,” Tony says and turns the camera to the pile of new baby items in the corner. “He keeps buying this kid stuff.”
Tony gives a small nod in response, then he leaves the room. He thought he’d feel better now that he talked with Steve, but their conversation didn’t give the results he had been hoping for. Those missing pieces had yet to be revealed.
It’s not long before they have their hot chocolate in hand and a large blanket to curl under with. Steve takes his son outside to the porch, and that’s where they drink their hot chocolate under the stars.
“How’d that go by the way?” Steve asks and he begins draining the tub and cleaning up the mess he’s made during bath time. “Besides boring.”
“Dad, can we-”
“It doesn’t matter who he is,” Alpha replies and takes another drink from his glass. “Eat,” he gestures toward the untouched plate in front of the omega. “You need to take care of that pup.”
“What?” Happy whips his head around. “You’re not getting out of this car.”
Steve complies quickly and lies on his back. Tony spreads his legs, exposing the omega to his greedy gaze. Tony lies between Steve’s legs, grinding down and emitting a soft moan from the omega.
“It’s okay. I’ll find you. Just go before more of them show up.”
“But...I don’t know how to...please? I need you.”
It never does.
There’s a pause on the other end. It seems to go on forever and Steve wonders if Tony had hung up. Steve pulls the phone away from his ear to check, finding the call still going.
“The movie can wait. He’ll understand.”
“He would be yours. No one else’s.”
“Okay. Yeah. Stay...stay however long you want. You know this is your home too.”
“A lot, pal,” Bucky answers.
“Yeah.” Steve’s tone is still off and his eyes grow misty again. He turns away when Morgan stirs in his arms, and it’s not long until she’s growing fussy.
Tony kisses each of his pups goodnight and adjusts any blankets that have slipped off them. He shuts the door halfway. He peers up when he hears soft footsteps and finds Steve coming down the hall with a sleeping Peter in his arms.
“I don’t know. Maybe.” Steve winces, a small groan escaping him and he wraps one arm around himself. “It hurts.”
“You have. Tony, look at what you’ve done for me and our son. You gave us a home. That’s better than cake and presents.”
“Hmm.” He thinks and taps the brown colored marker in his hand against his chin. He studies his face and once a decision is made, he nods to himself and uncaps the lid.
Steve smiles and nods. “Okay. Goodnight, Petey.”
Tony collapses in his chair with a heavy sigh. “I don’t think I can go.”
“I think so.”
“But at least you’re trying now. To be honest I thought once you learned about me that you’d leave again.”
The man is on him in seconds, issuing punch after punch to Steve’s face. The punches keep coming, filling Steve’s battered mouth with blood. Steve is able to shove him off, giving himself a break from the beatings, but then the man is back, lunging after him.
Peter takes a moment to compose himself. He hadn’t talked about that night with anyone. Even Ned barely knew the details. It was too hard. But Peter knew he had to talk about it. He wanted to heal and be stronger. Just like Papa told him to be.
At least sneaking out would be easy.
“Sounds fun. Can I hear it too?”
“I meant...look, ever since you and Tony broke up-”
It’s not long until the food has arrived and they are sitting down to eat in the living room. Steve is still quiet, unsure of how he’s supposed to act in the alpha’s presence. The last thing he wanted was to ruin another meal between them.
The call ends and Tony heaves out a heavy sigh. He hates leaving her in the dark. She was usually the one he confided in, and now he was keeping a secret from her. She wouldn’t understand the situation no matter how hard he tried to explain it. He didn’t even understand it. He didn’t have all the details, and a part of him isn’t sure if he wants to.
He rests his head against the wall, eyes blurring with tears. The break he’s given is over quicker than when it started, and he’s forced to bear down. He grunts with each push, face growing red from the strain.
Those must have been the wrong words because Bucky is pushing Tony against the wall and gripping him tightly by the front of his shirt. He’s not even holding him with his metal hand; his flesh hand is strong enough to hold Tony in place and prevent him from moving. Tony sneaks a glance at the shiny metal just inches away from his face. He hadn’t even realized Bucky had raised his fist; it was that quick.
“F-Fri, I’m gonna need-need some medical attention here,” Tony tells the A.I., hating how his voice quivers a bit. He’s still in shock.
The tension between them is thick and the silence is uncomfortable; it’s nothing new to them. From the moment they first met each other, it was decided by both parties that any form of a relationship was impossible to create. They had to be civil, though. Part of their job description was working together. It shouldn’t be difficult, and yet they struggled to meet in the middle.
They fall into another silence. Both babies are sleeping peacefully. Occasionally one of them would stir or whimper, but other than that they remained content in warm arms.
Harley decides to rush in at this very moment to complain about the cut on his knee. Tony sets his coffee mug down to console his hysterical son.
“Oh shit! Uh...I mean. I have to go!” Peter rushes for the front door, ready to run out of the apartment.
“Because…” Peter trails off and glances down at his lap to hide the tears that are beginning to form in his eyes.
Yay they’re saved! There was a lot in this chapter and poor babies still got hurt, but Pierce and his goons are gone! *happy dance*
Peter smiles proudly. “Just like my pops.”
“I’m trying okay? I’m trying so hard-”
The nursery would just have to wait. They still had time until their little Peter arrived.
“And if I do, you promise to get him back?”
“What is all this?” Steve asks, his eyes flickering up toward his mate.
Bruce presses the transducer to Peter’s belly and the screen of the ultrasound machine lights up. Peter’s eyes are on the screen again, brows furrowing as he searches for the tiny human that now inhabits his body. He doesn’t see it at first; everything looks gray and unrecognizable.
“I never should’ve said that. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean any of it.”
“Don’t have a choice,” Steve says through gritted teeth. His eyes squeeze shut and he groans loudly. There’s a building pressure deep in his pelvis, and when the next contraction hits, the pressure is relieved and wetness forms between his legs. “Shit! My water just broke.”
“I’m the alpha. It’s my job to watch over my pack.”
“That’s not up to me to decide. How do you really feel about it?” Natasha asks.
“You didn’t do anything wrong. These things just happen.”
“Can we not do this? It’s Steve’s birthday and Peter wouldn’t want us...” Tony gestures between himself and Bucky.
Steve nods and adjusts their daughter to give Tony a proper look. “She’s beautiful.”
“I mean it,” Tony continues. “Anything at all. Just say the words.”
“He never rests huh?” Tony jokes and places both hands over Steve’s belly. It was larger now and often Tony wondered if their son was truly going to take after Steve. Steve’s build was much bigger than Tony’s and if their son inherited the serum then there was no denying he’d inherit Steve’s stature.
Harley giggles and lets go of Sam so that he can hold out his arms for his father. Tony takes him into his arms and hugs him close.
“You want her to take over?”
“So beautiful.” Tony’s smile brightens and he pulls Steve closer so that he can kiss him the way he’s been wanting to for weeks.
Bruce pats Tony on the shoulder before heading down the stairs to wait for his ride home. Tony takes a moment to compose himself, then he enters the bedroom, making sure to give his mate a small, reassuring smile. He gets a tired one in return.
Peter’s eyes flutter for a moment, then they’re falling shut. He continues to nurse from the bottle until he’s had enough and lets the nipple slip from his lips. Tony takes the bottle and places it to the side. He knows what comes next and he hates that he has to disturb his son. Peter doesn’t fight while he’s burped, keeping his eyes closed while Tony gently pats his back.
It’s easy to get Morgan back to sleep now that she's been fed and comforted. Tony waits beside her crib for a moment, eyes trained on the soft rise and fall of her chest. Once he’s sure she will stay asleep for hopefully a few hours, he leaves the room and makes his way back to the master bedroom.
“Little Samantha? Come on. I know you want to say yes.”
“Give her to me.” Steve holds his arms out impatiently.
The room Steve’s been offered lacks the familiar scent of the alpha. Tony had been willing to give Steve the master bedroom again, but Steve declined. This was Tony’s home and he deserved to sleep in his own bed before anyone else. Alphas came first.
Pepper doesn’t bother hiding her irritation when Tony finally gets on the line. He quickly goes in for an apology.
“Steve’s dead!”
Tony doesn’t waste any time. He knows what to do now and how to do it. If it worked the last time then he knows it won’t fail again.
Naming his son was one of them.
But then a loud boom fills the base and Peter freezes, his spidey senses alerting him of another threat. But this time it’s not from inside the walls.
“Please!” Peter begs. He drops his voice when he catches unwanted stares. “It’s about the...party.”
“I know it is.”
Tony kisses Steve again then he leaves the room. Steve lingers a little longer than he means to but he needs to make sure his son is safe. One glance in the crib showed his son peacefully sleeping. Steve smiles at the scene and with one hand, reaches out to run his fingers along Peter’s face.
