Its voice would sound like Tony.
"A little house in Geneva. I think I quite like the sound of that." And then she giggled, her whole face lighting up, the sadness clearing from her expression. It did nothing to calm him, his nerves spiking. Steve frowned slightly. He couldn’t presume to know her mind but he knew he wouldn’t be smiling over contracting himself in marriage of convenience, after so lackluster a courtship.
Some of the buildings had been gutted for more modern apartments and shops, but many of them still bore their medieval foundations. The smoke blackened brick at the base of a butchers shop still told the story of when Albert "the Magnanimous" Duke of Austria, had ordered all the Jews arrested back in the fifteenth century. Some had gone into the mix of a collection of two hundred who were publicly burned, while the rest had been deported from the city.
Tony opened one eye, frowning when he spotted Maria standing over him, her little red ball in hand. Artur was waiting impatiently behind her, waiting for her to throw the ball back.
He hadn't been sure if he should be horrified or impressed. The two emotions had warred for dominance within him as Bucky had leaned over his shoulder to get a look at what had him so engrossed.
But now he wished he’d taken his cousin up on the offer to teach him. What was it the papers always said, a picture was worth a thousand words? Well a picture of Major Rogers snuggled up in bed with his pretty monk was worth a lot more than words. It was worth three hundred Reichsmarks, several acres of land, the villa and all of the money the Von Trapps had thrown at their new son-in-law to keep up appearances and guarantee he retired to a quiet life in the country, away from public speculation.
“Just fine. Sara is still getting her legs, but give her a year or two and I think she’ll catch the hang of it.”
“Yes but to arm children-” Steve began but Olasz cut him off, with a wave of his hand, disgust playing across his face.
"And this one is an assfucker, so I guess I am just his type." Bucky retorted, shoving him back and Steve laughed, regretting it when his chest twinged in protest.
“It’s not stupid to want better.” Stefen reiterated more gently, hand sliding to lightly grip Tony’s wrist and hold it. The touch was grounding in a way that should have been frightening but Tony was too astounded to be frightened.
“Where are we going?” Natacha, who had been leaning over the side of the carriage to watch the swift steps of the horse turned to ask as they neared their destination, her blue eyes sparkling with excitement.
“Go fuck yourselves!”
Stefen had answered with a grim note of finality. Any hope that Tony still had held that this was going to be an easy transition for the children bled away. This was going to be nothing but difficult. Nothing but dangerous. Somehow, they'd just have to manage.
Natacha might have saved them all, pinching his arm the way she did and gesturing franticly in another direction, mouthing for him to come on. Tony wasn’t surprised to see for himself that Natacha knew every hallway and corridor of the villa by heart, but it was still startling somehow to watch her scurry and dip through the narrow hallways designated for servant use with such practiced ease.
But Steve knew from experience it wasn’t. He knew, no matter how many times or how vivid the illusion, it would never come close to replacing the real thing; even though it hurt more each time, waking up to realize that, Steve could never let go of someone he had loved so deeply and who had become such a part of him.
And then like someone had flicked a light switch everyone was moving, the room emptying out like a water bucket with holes as the servants paused to give Father their well wishes and then rushed off to see that everything was set for his departure.
The sight of the trees parting to reveal the lush grounds of the villa sat on the edge of a glittering mountain lake had taken Steve’s breath away the first time he’d driven up this road with Peggy, and despite everything else going on it was no different that afternoon. Bucky too seemed to sit up straighter at the sight of it, a small smile tugging at his mouth at the sight. This beautiful home tucked away from the city had become sanctuary. Steve realized quite suddenly, watching the unhidden gleam of anticipation growing in his friend’s eyes, that in his grief he might have pushed Bucky out of it. Bucky had a family of his own but they’d always been home for each other. He’d let that change.
But Steve swallowed and nodded just the same.
They walked quickly keeping to the side streets to avoid the late traffic. It was sparse, due to the curfew but it was only just after eleven, and there were still a number of official reasons why someone might be journeying home late. Though it was dangerous to strike before the city had gone to bed, any later and the less believable it was that someone their age had a legitimate reason for being out. Not that it would matter much if they were caught in the act.
The lights clicked on with a shudder.
With their hair neatly trimmed and slicked back, the both of them cleaned up nicer than Tony ever would have expected.  Bucky had borrowed Hogan’s best coat, and looked the part of a distinguished driver, while Clinton could have given any of the dewy-eyed cloister boys Tony had met in his youth a run for their money. Neither of them looked at all like they’d spent the wee hours of the morning docking a boat on the muddy shores of the river amper, the way that Tony knew they had.
Tony stiffened at the unexpected insult, a jolt of fear slamming through him. It was hardly the first time in his life when someone had looked at him and thought Pretty Boy, but such associations could be dangerous and he had the feeling that Bakhuizen had chosen the insult very specifically. He couldn’t know anything, Tony reassured himself. He and Stefen had only shared the one kiss and he had to think that Stefen was not such a fool as to go admitting it to anyone. Not even his oldest friend.
It was the same every morning. Blood draw, injection and inspection. Steve stretched his arms as he was commanded out on both sides. The doctors measured him from fingertips to sternum, from head to tail bone, every inch of him under their eyes. They examined his balls, measured his length, pulled his mouth open, and stuck their probing fingers inside. He could hear the scribble of pen on paper, but despite his eyes being open Steve couldn't see them.
“Oh you do?” Stefen snorted, crossing his arms as he lazily sauntered into the room. “And here I thought it was your life ambition to drive me out of my mind.”
The captain finished his story, looking into his glass as if it held answers.
It was damn typical was what it was. Stefen had a bad track record with a pair of big brown eyes and a sharp tongue. Or was that good? Cause god only knew Steve wouldn’t have survived childhood without Bucky and Margrit had been the best thing to happen to him in his adulthood so maybe it was a good track record?
"I heard your companions call you Stark. Is that your real name?"
"I gave you boys a simple assignment and I see that it is not done. Robert! Explain." Bannführer Lehmann demanded and Bobby's back stiffened up.
“For the children?”
A terrified sniffle drew his attention to the others. Natacha had her arms around Maria and Sara who had frightened tears on their faces, moving her body to block their view of the man being beaten; but nothing could block out the sounds.
“Your brother is a coward!”
As it was, Tony was anxious to be back in the home of his father’s empire. The prodigal son returning after all these years. There were too many sour memories in Hamburg for him not to feel a certain sense of trepidation as the cab wound through old but familiar streets, taking him away from the heart of the city and toward the mouth of the river Elbe where Starkhafen sprawled like the robe of some great emperor around the Port of Hamburg.
Péter knew he was taking a risk just as well as Tony knew he was putting him at one by encouraging him to do it; but all of his doubt faded away as he laid the instrument in Péter’s hands.
Looking at them, Tony just thought they looked poor and hungry. To them, this feast of tents lights and banners must have felt like reaching paradise. Well worth feeding the crowd whatever story it was they wanted to hear.
He’d asked James about Stark during their outing while they’d gathered firewood when the others had been swimming.
“How did the Abbot take it?” Tony questioned, imagining that Stanislov had likely been a kitten in comparison. But Pavlok laughed and shook his head.
Welcome to the war years, AKA the last leg of this story. Coincidentally it also requires the most historical detail (which means research yaaaaay) so we apologize for how long it took us to get this out to you. Speaking of long, you might have noticed the title says November Part 1. That's right. Part II is done and will be posted following this when we get through editing it.
In just a few months Péter had managed to capture a fascinating spread of people and places. To Tony’s inexperienced eye it seemed he had a natural talent for catching people in their element in a way that spoke volumes.
, a frail frantic voice kept wailing in the back of her mind. That frightened child within her who refused to die. Who made stupid mistakes and then wanted to cry about them. Her fingers dug deeper into her legs as a low snarl twisted its way out of the tightness in her throat.
"Ugh, I can't stand it." Coming up beside him once more Rogue hissed in the dark, already reaching for it as she demanded. "Spider give me your brush."
Schmidt looked up, locking eyes with him.
Even still, Tony couldn’t stay still for long. In Bakhuizen’s bag Tony found a few extra tools that Stefen had brought along for cleaning and Tony had promptly gone about disassembling the two weapons. They were mostly clean already of course, save the grime and heat from their recent firing. They were clearly well taken care of but it was always good to know what you were working with after all.
Kroger turned and leaned against the table, his large frame taking up space in the tiny kitchen.
“Well you didn’t show her that today, not at all and it’s lucky that you’re both small and don’t have a lot of room in you for big grudges because she’s really forgiving. But before you think you’ve gotten off easy just remember it’s no desert for a week and early bed. Pepper and I have already discussed it.”
“James, I want you to eat every last bite of that.” Before Tony could say what Steve knew he was about to, Steve diverted his attention to James, who was poking at the bread on his plate which he had torn into small pieces but made no attempt to consume. Because Tony might feel like he had to offer Steve absolution and affirmation, but if Steve had to watch Tony muster up the strength one more time despite the obvious drain Steve was on his life, Steve couldn’t account for what he’d say.
Received date December 26th 2:28 AM
He watched one stop a man walking with a small boy wearing a white tag and he knew. They were here, looking for them.
He didn’t turn around. His sister lay over him, her arms coming around him, her cheek pressed against his temple and her red hair spilling around him like a curtain.  And though his eyes blurred with fresh tears James didn’t say anything to her at all.
Stanislov chuckled at his little joke, and maybe it was just Tony’s suspicions at work, but to him it seemed like there was no real humor behind it. It was all show.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m saying your doctor is an idiot! Péter, the fire!”
The cool evening air hit Steve’s face, the darkened sky stretched wide above their heads, and Steve was struck with the smallest most cowardly urge to retreat inside.
“Hold your horses, Cap” he grunted and Stefen had the good graces to look a little chagrined as he released Tony's arm; the offending hand clenching into a fist at his side. The captain took a slight breath his eyes traveling over Tony's face. Tony was growing used to these states now that Stefen was home more often. The manic bursts of energy that powered him for days rivaled even Tony’s creative benders but the move would inevitably pass, leaving him brittle and pale.
“You told us that we should take pride in our country, that we should respect the authority of our government. You told me it was my duty as a citizen to honor the law and protect the interests of the people. You said that. You’ve always said that.”
“I see. And will they be joining the children and I at their lessons?” Tony asked, expecting that they would because there was hardly anything for two young people to get up to during the day besides schoolwork.
“You’re not the only one who has people they care about!”
Only then his anxiety would intrude in the form of memories that refused to be pushed to the back of his mind.
Something twitched on Susann’s face and Stefen’s eyes caught the barely perceptible tightening of her lips. Her smile was strained when she answered.
Hammer paused at the door. “The young Osborne, sir.”
There were a fair number of prisoners among them, Tony noted, their pinstriped uniforms easily spotted against the snow. But there were others as well: Men rounded up from the ghettos, and free Germans whose wives had no doubt helped them wrap their hands for warmth and stuck hot stones in their pockets before they set out in the morning.
“Herr Stark, Herr Stark! You have to come. Come on!” Ian fell against the door as he shouted, waving frantically at them both and Tony’s heart leaped into his throat. He was demanding to know what had happened even as he and Natacha went rushing for the door.
Truthfully, the hardest part about their new circumstances wasn't the spartan comforts, or even the long hours between sun up and sundown with no freedom to move beyond the four walls of the cabin. It was the endless sense of waiting hanging over each of them. Long hours parked in front of the radio waiting for the next news update and dreading it all the while.
She’d never have wished her cousin ill, but fate had seen fit to set him on her path and Charlotte did not believe in squandering opportunities just because they were hard won. She could not expect him to be the same man he’d been all those years ago, or to have completely healed after the loss of her wife. She was content to wait, confident always that in his own time he would come to love her as ardently as he’d once loved dear Margrit. How could he not? Must not love when freely given, be met with it’s own kind?
"I didn't." Stefen agreed with an air of regret, but he offered no excused and no apology.  Tony couldn't decide if he wanted to punch him in the mouth or kiss him. He was torn between wanting the man to beg for his understanding, and not being able to stomach hearing a single excuse that might come out of his mouth.
"Do you think it's your duty to follow your father into the army?" Tony asked, ignoring the disparaging sound.
“Father wouldn’t allow it.” Péter grumbled, as if that was the end of it.
"It is, because Cardinal Rossi is coming to personally oversee their release and to collect Bruce from his assignment. Bruce is meant to journey with him to Rome to give a full report."
Cafe Mozart was one of the few coffee houses still open in the second district and given how much time they’d spent there in his youth Steve knew it was a risk to meet Bucky there; but he figured though it wasn't ideal the cafe with its crowded cushioned seats and constant din of conversation was a good place to get lost in.
The interrogation of the household began in earnest on the first day and continued into the end of the week. Tony worried until he was sick with it every time Agent Neuman (a heartless man if ever there was one) came to collect one of them, and didn’t feel like he could breathe again until they were returned to him – shaken, but largely left unharmed.
“That was beautiful. Wasn’t it, love?” he crooned into Stefen’s ear, pressing tender kisses against the soft skin at his neck. Stefen’s body violently shivered and a tear hot and wet slipped from his eye before he buried his face against Tony’s neck, shuddering as if it were sub temperatures within the room.
Stepping into the middle of the living room Steve unslung the two weapons over his shoulder and handed one to Bucky. He stood in the center of the room watching as the rest of the men filed in, setting up camp. There was dead silence save for the thudding of boot heels and scraping of trunks on the floorboards.
With the Prince’s departure looming the much anticipated trip to the park finally occurred near the end of that week. Stefen, Tony, and the children set out early (outfitted in their brand new play clothes) and in good spirits. They took a carriage to the station instead of a cab because Maria wanted to see the horses again. During the ride Tony taught them an old song about a man and the mule who had pulled his cart and they’d gleefully sung it the rest of the way.
Though their voices were low, as Tony approached the steps of the terrace where Captain Rogers and Herr Bakhuizen were sat, he still caught the tail end of their conversation and felt the obvious tension between the two men. He’d just climbed the first step when he paused, stilled suddenly by the tense secretive nature of their murmured conversation.
Sagging with relief, Tony turned and nodded to Péter, trotting over to help him collect his siblings, his own heart beginning to pick up speed in his chest as he traded one anxiety for the return of another. It had been hours in those barrels. In the cold. God they must be near frozen. If only they’d been able to procure wool instead of thin burlap!
“We’ll go wash up, yeah? Then you’ll get your breakfast.”
James tightened his arm around Tony like a vice.
For a time Tony and the children just lay, letting the sun shine down on them and the sweet summer breeze tickle their faces. Eventually though stomachs began to grumble, reminding them of their hunger and one by one the children attacked the spread of food like the seven ravenous little monsters they were and Tony grinned.
The old tool box he and Péter had used was still there, still lying open on the edge of the table. Behind his back Tony flexed his fingers, eyeing the wrench head jutting out of the tangle of tools.  It would be an easy reach and he was ready.
Captain Steven Grant would trade thousands of lives, his
The packages of supplies lay out in front of the children nearly obscuring his view of them.
“Sing it again!” Artur, giving up on waiting for Maria to throw the ball skidded into Tony's side on his knees and rolled over onto his back, grinning as he mirrored his tutors sprawl in the grass. “You promised to teach us to sing!”
And yet, when she sang her voice was confident and strong. Mature far beyond its years.
“Food should be here soon.” Steve announced, looking up from the message he was writing as the clock upon the otherwise bare white wall chimed the hour of seven. His stomach felt uncomfortably tight, a familiar tension that drove away his appetite despite the fact that it was going on twenty hours since he’d last eaten.
Tony blew out a breath, quelling the quaking fear inside. One thing at a time. Stefen was awake, miracle though it was, and Tony’s work had just begun. Waking firmly grounded in the present was a good sign, but there would be tests to run before they had the full picture. He’d need to see how responsive Stefen’s nervous system was, and asses his cognitive abilities for brain damage. God. Tony’s heart sank into his stomach and he took a shuddered breath. He grasped Stefen’s wrist, squeezing, grounding himself with the thread beat of his pulse. One thing a time.
Tony was never going to hear those words outside of his dreams. Outside of his nightmares.
“Damn. But why didn’t they knock – ” Stefen’s look told plenty of tales and Tony winced. “They did didn’t they? I’m sorry. It’s hard to hear with the machine’s going.”
It was early in the morning, too early for sunrise and too late to truly be called the dead of night when Clint shook Tony awake.  At first he tensed, heart racing in anticipation of another German patrol. But darkness was still and quiet but for the low hum of the boat's engine and the excited murmur and shuffle of bodies as the brothers of Engelszell pointed out a welcoming glow glinting through the trees.
There was the matter of Samuel, it was his last day on the grounds. Steve was to escort him to Vienna that evening. He should be up packing his things. Sam had told him he wanted to finish out the day in the garden but had he finished? Did he need anything for the journey?
Ah. Not Margrit then. Or at least, maybe not just Margrit. Archie too.
When Rogers had been brought eye to eye with the general Schmidt smiled and looked around at the stripe clad prisoners filling the yard on either side of them.
Slowly, with trembling hands, Ian pulled down his pants. The cool air pebbled his skin, but it was Dagmar’s eyes roving over his genitals that made him shudder.
One of the doctors moved to comply but the chief doctor slapped a hand against his chest to stop him and growled, "No. There are other injured. My staff does not have time to waste on a dying man. "
face, when he looked at the documents Stefen had stopped on.
It was nowhere near as fine a job as he’d done on the door but it would have to do. Throwing open the drawer Tony eagerly leaned over it and began to rifle through its contents. It was clear from the first that Tony had found something of importance, but less clear just what exactly that was.
Tony held Maria tight to his chest, breathing heavily. Steve recognized that look in his eyes. It was panic so strong it shocked the system. The look a soldier got sometimes, the first time he shot a man dead or saw a comrade killed. It was a look that said Tony was going nowhere short of Steve dragging him, and that wasn’t good. They had to move. Steve took a slow step toward him, trying to disentangle Artur and James along the way as he gently called the man’s name. “Tony?”
A midnight adventure gone wrong, Tony guessed as he hurried up the stairs reaching for his pick to unlock the attic door.
Just Stark.
“Watch the road. Or better yet-” he snapped, blood pounding in his ears.
Steve dipped his head in what would pass as a bow.
For a long moment Tony didn’t answer, just staring deeply into his eyes and breathing, making Steve feel as if he were standing naked before God waiting for eternal judgment. And then Tony’s nimble fingers found their way to the lapels of his jacket, pulling them apart and slowly sliding the garment off his shoulders.
Tony felt a swell of pride low in his chest. He knew it wouldn't be reciprocated but it was there all the same. “I tutor Captain Rogers children.”
Tony froze, fear darting through him, but the woman’s polite smile was unreadable. He simply nodded in acknowledgment and followed the woman out to the front door, because he was polite like that.
“Let’s get one thing straight, I’m not a spy. I’m a governess,
“You mean you’ve never been a tutor?” Natacha zeroed in on the heart of the matter like a bird circling prey and Tony had to admire how penetrating her stare was. “And I suppose you’ve never been in a house like this before?”
He’d been so selfish with his grief before, he realized that now, but it didn’t make opening up any easier. He was still so afraid of what could happen to them all… but he’d been a coward too long already.
“And if you’re wrong about me?”
Artur’s face turned redder but he slowly slid back into his chair, jaw clenched, as frustrated tears welled in his eyes.
“I don’t expect anyone to understand, but Captain Rogers is my friend, and I could not love his children more than if they were my own.” Tony answered.
Sudden banging jolted Tony’s attention away from the letter he was composing and back to the window. He thought for a moment that the shutters on the window on the left side of the bed had perhaps sprung open again but a quick glance assured him that his handiwork was holding fast. It took him a moment to realize that the sound he heard over thunder and rain was knocking, and that there was a child’s voice calling thinly from the other side of the window.
If Tony were honest, he’d come to really enjoy receiving Stefen’s letters, to seeing the captain’s full name spelled out in sprawling letters at the bottom of the page: Stefen Gavril Rogers, like a flag stuck into soil. As if Stefen felt the need to claim everything contained within the letter as his own and close to his heart. It had become increasingly clear to Tony that despite the increasing length of his stay in Vienna that Stefen truly hungered after word of the children, to feel close to them and know that they were well. It was frustrating to say the least because the children were equally hungry to be close to their father and to Tony’s observation Stefen was the only one standing in his own way.
Stefen looked so disturbed at the thought of Tony not being there, that it was hard for Tony to ignore his thumping heart of the way that blood wanted to rush to his cheeks.
Tony and Péter went to find Harold so that he could drive them into the city. They found Pepper first, and whom they were both surprised to learn had planned an excursion of her own to the kindlmarts for the afternoon.
was by right a Jew, but with the filter of youth it had seemed a wonderful game; how nice to have something just their own, how nice to have wonderful secrets to keep from Hughard.
“No. And I’ll remind you Herr Stark that there are ladies present.” The lieutenant looked around at those left in the hall with a penetrating stare, his tone somber as the grave when he finally spoke again. “We know that your father intended to betray his oaths and desert his post, and that he would have abducted you and taken you from the fatherland against your wills. We have that on the sworn testimony of Henry Osborne.”
“I am. Tony, weaponized energy like that could destroy a city.”
Bucky just stared at him for a moment, looking unimpressed, and then sighed. He reached over and flicked the side of Steve's ear sharply with his thumb and forefinger and smiled when Steve hissed in annoyance.
Supper was proving to be as delicious as Willamina had promised. After such an eventful day the children were full of enthusiasm and chatter.
Of course he wanted to go to school to learn chemistry and engineering, but Tony could teach him those things (Peter knew he could no matter what Tony said) and it would probably be better than what any stuffy Swiss professor could teach him.
Please don’t be alarmed that I am writing to you from Dachau. I have not been arrested, as our poor brothers in the faith recently were at Engelzell Abbey, after refusing to hand over a family of gypsies who sought sanctuary within their walls.
Steve tugged on the boots and knelt to lace them up.
“It’s just I worry.” She cut him off, eyes flicking up to him, razor sharp. “There are certain things people expect, and those who do not live up to public expectation can find themselves dangerously scrutinized. I wish it wasn’t that way. But we must take the world as it is.”
He strode out the door in a rush, not waiting to see their reaction or hear any protest. Lt Wolfe. hovered outside the door, his rifle held loosely to his chest, until the warden had gone. As soon as he was out of sight, Tony got to work, snatching the briefcase from Clint’s hand and setting it carefully upon the bare desk.
Artur sent the whole boat rocking, which had Maria making small panicked noises and clinging desperately to the edge once more.
"How long has he been sick?" he asked distracted, his mind on fetching his boots and his coat. It would have to be him who went. Steve would never trust any of the army physicians. Not with the sinister ways the resistance had discovered that Nazi's rid themselves of their appointments. It would have to be Erskine, but things had been difficult for the man since the Germans took over. He moved around a lot, helping the displaced as much as he could and aiding the resistance when one of them needed medical attention and couldn't go to any of the hospitals.
"You only ate a few bites of your soup. I watched you." Ian insisted matter of factly.
“Right then,” he took mercy on his poor captain and abandoned his perfectly good seat.
“You let me take you to Berlin. You came and you, what? Tony what was your plan? Why did you let me do that? I put you in danger.”
“There’s going to be war. But we’re too close to the last one and the Führer worries the people may rebel, especially in Austria. He’s pushing hard now to cement their support.”
Steve blinked his eyes clear, numbness creeping into his bones.
Tony came messily all over the sheets and even managed to get some of it on his own front, but he couldn’t care about it or anything else as he slumped over, trying to remember how to breathe. His arms strained, protesting being made to hold even more of his weight and Tony groaned, gathering himself for one last push, swinging his leg up and over and flopping onto his back beside Stefen on the bed.
4. Lastly, buckle in. We weren't kidding when we said the train jumps the track. And on that note:
He watched as she flicked open her magazine and scowled at one of the photos.
Beneath his cheek he could feel the way Stefen stilled, and the careful way in which the captain took his next breath as his hand came up to cradle the back of Tony's neck, fingers brushing the curling hair on his nape in the gentlest of touches.
Charlotte laughed the sound slightly shrill with nerves.
Not in so many words, no, that wasn’t the important bit. I knew he’d been in combat and I could see that he was fatigued. I was a doctor. I treated wounds. Not all of a soldier’s wounds are visible.
Tony didn’t doubt that the journey would be uncomfortable and dangerous, but it was about as perfect an option as they were going to get. They would simply need to write to SIS and inform them to send their agent to meet them in Nice.
He could yell. But what would that help? Her father should know about this. But Stefen was in no mindset to be able to deal with this.
"Naturally,” Tony immediately agreed.
What a day. He sighed tipping his head back to stare up at the expanse of stars in a velvet black sky.
When his fingers began to rub Steve's clammy skin almost absently, a tired smile tugged at Steve's mouth.
“Excuse me?” Stefen snapped in reply taking a step of his own, but Tony was ready for it.
for Steve to shut that part of him away.
“I used to do the rigging.”
But Tony thought about it the rest of the afternoon. He was still thinking about it as he gathered up sheet music from the music room. Stefen did work entirely too much. It was better now that he was making such an obvious point to spend more time with the children but the kids couldn’t be his only resource for relaxation.
“Of course, it just came like this I suppose?” Tony countered still taking in the destruction in the room with a sinking feeling. Pepper was not going to be happy.
The children relaxed a smidgen and Tony watched the captain’s retreating back. A flood of hate inexplicably welled in his chest. Whistles and commands. Barely coded insults. Who the hell did this man think he was? What did he think any of them were, that he would behave so coldly, so unfeelingly? Imagine, appearing drunk on the day he was to hand his children into the care of a stranger and having the nerve to look down on
“Alright.” Tony finally agreed. He wondered if they’d regret it. Just because a boy learned to fight, did that mean they had a right to ask him to?
Her response was immediate.
“Someone is coming with supper. This is all we’ve got in-between.” Steve announced for the benefit of all of those listening, ignoring the groans he got in response. One meal a day wouldn’t kill them by any means. God knew they’d suffered worse conditions than one hot meal a day. Traveling with the caravan it had been the norm and with their platoon in the mountains in the thick of war it hadn’t been uncommon to go days without a solid meal. Hunger was a friend Steve knew well.
Hortense gasped, hands flying to cover her mouth and Péter’s mouth fell open.
“What do you want me to do?”  Tony asked, because even if his mind was already buzzing with a million and one escape plans, without doubt Nik had an agenda of his own he wanted to push. It was worth it to hear him out before he formed his own plans largely because Tony wasn’t sure he had a chance in hell of pulling any of his own ideas off.
“Love him still,” he finished softly, and Tony froze for a moment, eventually nodding his head slowly in agreement.
~*~*~
Jews out.
He glanced back at the closed bedroom door. He wasn't good with children, but he didn't fancy being locked up with Rogers and Fischer again. The doctor was starting to get under his skin.
He couldn't keep any of them safe in the state he was in.
“Frank loves Captain Adventure.” Susann murmured lowly, gently prying the thin little book from his hands. “I didn’t see the harm.”
"I doubt they'd bother taking us alive if they caught up to us." the monk replied, less fear than Tony expected in the observation. "Did you know? There were men imprisoned in there whose only crime was that they were feeble in the mind… One morning we woke up, and they were all gone. Those men who call themselves healers, they bragged how they would be taken to another facility and euthanized. I saw how little they cared for life in Dachau.”
"There's no trouble here is there officer?"
Artur had crawled into Tony’s lap at the start of the meal and now refused to be moved. Both he and Sara were clutching at parts of Tony’s shirt with dazed expressions.
Dvorak lay there in the silence as Bucky finished speaking, blinking slowly until his eyes were clear once more and free of tears. Slowly he pushed himself up from the floor until he was sitting upright, contemplating with heaviness, “Schmidt knows how to make that happen.”
Stark had never been in the habit of carrying pocket change, but it sounded like he’d been working on something in that workshop of his. It could be nails or any number of gears in his pocket – except the sharp senses that had always made Bucky a particularly good sniper, also made it impossible for him to ignore the fact that the sound wasn’t coming from his trousers.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was inevitable perhaps that a small part of him jumped in hope every time he caught a glimpse of dark hair and a quick smile. But the disappointment each time was sour, and not helping him any. Tony wasn't there, wasn’t
What he’d gathered: Stark was smart (seemed to know just about everything) and what he didn’t know was easily made up for by sharp wit and a scarily absorbent mind. He could leave a conversation knowing next to nothing about the agricultural history of the turnip in eastern Europe, and come back after a few hours of reading an expert on the subject.
It is clear that the Führer does not even fear God anymore. But there is hope, as censure comes down from the Holly See and the eye of the church narrows upon him, that the Führer will be forced to see reason and release the good brothers of Engelzell. Unfortunately, we can do nothing else for the other poor wretches imprisoned here.
Péter glowered at him mumbling darkly, “No thank you.”
“Come back! They were just doing their job.”
~*~*~*~
Steve stiffened as the two women closest to them perked in interest at his name. He nodded stiffly at them, biting out another apology as he made his exit.
“Who says those things are mutually exclusive? You might enjoy the drive.”
“I’ll do my worst.” Tony gave in with a sigh.
All that he found was a loose hair pin, courtesy of Natacha or Pepper no doubt, but that was a treasure find in and of itself, Tony thought, eyeing the small chest again.
Stefen huffed, mouth turning up in amusement and nodded.
Picturesque. He thought. The night was the very definition of it.
“Hi Tony.”
He rubbed at his face again.  Hadn’t Virginia promised to wake him? Why had she let him sleep so long?!
"Pepper, my dear, I'm a man of the cloth." Tony placed a hand over his chest in mock offense. "My heart belongs solely to God."
There would only be one or two local policemen. The evening patrol was light that night, prearranged by their man at the department of police. They’d not wanted to draw too much attention by leaving the area unassigned for too long in case someone came asking questions later.  Any brief laps in security could be explained away as poor planning or the result of a lack of men.
came to mind, bringing with it the bubbling of hysteria.
“Right now?” he asked conspiratorially in Romany, pitching his voice softer, and rage began to simmer in Bucky’s chest.
“I said I’d think about it Bucky.”
Tony kept silent on that issue, but privately he was grateful when Bucky released an impatient huff of air and shot back, “
>>-----o-----<<
Stark pushed himself up from the dirt, staggering to his full height with a grunt of effort. He swayed only a little bit before he answered, clutching a hand against his chest like it pained him. His eyes were more focused now, the shock fading. Good, but Bucky stared hard at that hand on his chest, worrying. Had he been struck somehow? Flying glass or metal from the car?
The resistance could ill afford to lose good men. But for the men gathered here, there was no sacrifice too great to repay that debt.
Maybe James wasn’t as silly as they all made him out to be, Peter thought glumly as he watched the streets of the city crawl past his window. Not long till they reached the station now. He still had time to tell Hogan to turn the car around.
Ian nodded vigorously, clutching the Barometer he still held closer to his chest, it's lid biting into his collarbone. He wasn’t sure what he was agreeing to. He couldn't think straight, couldn’t catch the words properly.
The old man tripped again, the bucket of water clearly too heavy for him. It slipped from his gnarled hand and fell to the cobblestones with a thud and a clatter sending sudsy water spilling over the street and splashing their shoes.
Bucky had always understood why music was hard for Steve. It had gotten them through long nights with empty bellies in the caravan, when they’d thumbed their noses to the gajo and kicked up their heels as if to say ‘I have nothing and still I am more than you’.
Natacha wanted to groan, but she didn’t. Sophie and Ingrid both looked over their shoulders towards the steps of the Cinema, where their chapter had come together for the evening to see a film about ethnic cleansing. Their eyes widened and they giggled like a pair of fools as they turned and whispered, as if Natacha didn’t have two perfectly working ears of her own.
Be careful. Whether she was talking directly to his deplorable affair with their employer, his somewhat Jewish looks, or simply just a heartfelt plea to make it home in one peace as the world crumbled around them he didn't know. Either way, it didn't' matter. He hung up and walked back upstairs.
Bucky shaved as Steve washed, dressed and comprised a telegram for Charlotte asking about a late dinner. He owed her a nice evening after last nights disaster. Stark was still waiting on a reply to his last couple of letters no doubt, so Steve began to put one together. Bucky was pulling on his undershirt when a young maid knocked on the door. She peered inside, the tray of coffee and breakfast food wobbling dangerously as she openly stared at Steve.
It looked like a regular medical ward To Tony at first glance, but a second glance revealed the curious details that hinted at the truth. There were no nurses with soft gentle voices, no doctors rushing to the sides of those who groaned cries for help, and far too many catatonic eyes staring into nothing, as if they had already given up life and were only waiting for their bodies to notice.
Tony kept a fixed eye trained on the camp, growing smaller and smaller behind them, expecting Gestapo to come pouring out at any moment. Only when Dachau disappeared from view around a sharp bend did he allow himself to marginally relax.
He rubbed his face in frustration and then looked up a slightly harrowed look in his eyes. "I need to speak with you later, Staff Sergeant.”
Bucky's eyebrows shot up near his hairline before his expression darkened and Tony huffed an aggravated breath, pausing in his attempt to get the damp shirt clinging to Stefen's sweat slick chest free.
Bruce.
“I wouldn’t trust the house to run without you,” the captain finished and Natacha regarded him silently.
The warden gestured impatiently to Wolfe who stepped forward to begin searching their belongings. Clint relinquished his briefcase to the unnamed soldier who reached for it with a hard stare, and Tony nearly kicked him. Now was not the time for posturing.
“Tacha needs you to have her back. I’m coming back. I am. I always am.”
“let me do it!” Artur begged. “I’m awful good with knots Joshua. Tony taught us all about them!”
The motorcade was running late, and the men were twitchy. Rogue kept shifting where she sat beside him, her leg jiggling nervously as the minutes ticked by.
"How are Cameron and Daniel?" he asked his daughter, who was watching them closely from where she sat, primly drinking from her mug.
“Maria couldn’t sleep, thinking Artur was still angry with her,” she informed Tony crisply, as if that were the end of the matter.
"How fares our mighty hunters?" Tony asked, poking at the fire. Artur zoomed to his side, Maria in tow, his cheeks flushed pink with exertion as he eagerly recounted the events of their excursion.
“Why are you laughing?” Stefen asked, brow furrowing all the deeper in consternation and that just made Tony laugh harder.
“A party?” James asked from across the room, his face drooping in a doubtful pout. “What sort of party can we have out here?”
The cool air that had surrounded her thus far seemed to warm a bit as she contemplated his words, but she held her head up high and didn’t look at him as she poured herself a cup of tea.
Khalmmer’s smile did not change.
The click of the lock turning filled the hall like the toll of a bell and relief flooded through Steve’s whole body.  Steve gripped the knob, turning it and opening the door slowly.
Steve didn't wait for her to finish, pushing open the door to Stark's room, glowering as the monk narrowly avoided barreling into him.
No, it didn’t make Tony feel much better to think about planting mines in neutral waters whose neutrality he knew damned well neither side in the war respected, all while the children’s safety remained uncertain. And judging by the muscle ticking violently in Stefen’s jaw, it wasn’t working on the captain either.
Stefen jerked violently with a deep groan, but Bucky was there, holding him down, and for the second time now Tony found himself glad.
“Thank you, Virginia.” Steve snapped back into action, gesturing to Harold to begin loading the supplies into the car. “Harold the car. Bucky, did you get the papers?”
He stood stiffly, appearing not to notice his children’s crestfallen faces, his eyes catching Tony’s momentarily as they often did. Tony stared right back, not bothering to hide his frustration.
Bucky nodded wordlessly and moved into place, griping Stefen’s sweat slick skin after Tony tossed the covers back, and clamping his jaw tight like someone bracing for a blow as he watched Tony clean around the area he intended to stick the needle.
He pressed his lips together, frustration pooling in his stomach. There was no way to prove to her that Stefen was a good man other than the fact he hadn't called the gestapo on him with all the many chances that Tony had provided. He could only imagine what she must be thinking. She only knew Stefen as a German officer, and nowadays a German officer was a like the siting of a crow. An omen, a bringer of death.
“Herr Stark?”
Beside him Stefen released a frustrated breath, his hands clenching tightly on the table.  “This isn’t a game, Tony!”
Tony wondered how Pepper dealt with so many versions of what Tony was beginning to coin the Rogers stubbornness.
"Oh, not until spring.” Bethany heaved a sigh, as if the long months between her and spring were the most insurmountable thing she could imagine.
With the garage and the attic out as options, Tony was sure to step on Herr Hammer's toes taking over one of the family rooms, Steve thought with a rueful smile.
Tony ripped the sheets away so that they no longer trapped Stefen’s lower body. He’d turned to grasp Stefen’s shoulders when he was suddenly struck.
“We're safe here bambina, and Bucky and your father will join us soon. You’ll see.”
The intensity of what he felt must have been there in his voice because he could see the startled wideness of Ian’s eyes even in the dark, but he slowly nodded and laid his head back down on his pillow and Steve took it as a sign of belief. Steve laid a hand on his head and stroked his fingers through his son’s hair and thought about Péter when he’d been that age. When he’d trusted Steve to take care of everything. Back when he’d wanted to be wherever Steve was.
"A terrible shock to his family I imagine." Tony kept his tone equally level.
Charlotte ignored him as she collected the stamps and applied them carefully, but there was no truly forgetting that he was there.
"I meant it, Stefen. I meant everything" Tony murmured, the rasp in his voice not quite hiding the tremble that ran through it. Steve leaned forward until Tony's forehead rested against his own. He closed his eyes as anxious hope swelled inside him.
“I want to help too Ian! You’re not the only one Tony likes!”
He’d been told by a woman who had been brought in - a few months pregnant and thin as a pole - that it was not the same for all the barracks. She had been sentenced seven months ago for speaking out against the treatment of mental patients at the hospital she worked in. She’d told him that at the women's barracks where she had been held before the medical ward, they worked most of the day but could speak freely in their bunks. They only had to be in line and at attention or risk beating when the guard entered.
. I promised god everything,
Oster had secured the promise of the Army Chief that more units would be sent in order to hold the capital while they held their hostage and the generals encouraged the Führer to sign a letter of resignation as head of the Abwehr and as Germany’s fearless leader.
“Major?!” Striker was shouting, risen to his feet now as he stared at Steve aghast. He had dropped his glass Steve realized only as the liquor seeped out over the floor, inching its way through ice chips and glass shards towards his boots.
Steve’s gut clenched.
He ignored Steve’s concerned gaze as he snatched the square from his hands, relief burbling brightly in his chest in the form of laughter as he chuckled and replied with a wink, “Nothing worth having ever is.”
“We’ll have a staff to help. We’d hardly be marooned with them. Would one or two more for them to look after be such an inconvenience?”
“Stefen.”
“Don’t know. Ya gonna come?”
Maybe it was a good thing they had practice today, he thought. The children needed to get out of the house and out from under their worries. Music was a good distraction for them all.
Péter said his father preferred to be alone. That was if the captain was even having a nightmare! For all Tony knew he was having strange sex with one of the maids.
. He’d left them too long. He needed -
“Anyone ever messes with you make sure you find one of us. And if we’re not around, better to run than to fight. Alright darling?”
Everything was still wrong, Péter thought as he boarded the train and searched for a compartment that wasn’t full. But thinking about Becca and the way she’d smiled at his soldier made something that had been loose for weeks finally click into place.
Tony hid a chuckle behind a cough as Artur, Rogers’ miniature, answered back with, “Boys aren’t pretty.” He then marched forward with purpose and announced that his name was Artur, he was seven and a holy terror (no doubt something learned at the apron strings of the previously mentioned Frauline Glass). Tony was still biting his lip trying not to laugh aloud when he felt a tug on his pant leg and looked down to find little Sara staring up at him indignantly with hands on her hips. He knelt so that he was not towering over her and greeted her with a warm smile. So sue him, he was a sucker for cherubs.
“But your Da, people saw him different. So we’d go to the city and he’d get work – and he’d tell them I was his brother so they’d give me work too. We worked until he was too sick to do it anymore.”
They stared at one another, neither one willing to look away or to give the appearance of backing down.
The light from Tony's lamp cast a dim glow over the mountains of covered furniture and Tony's gaze first went to the dark shape of the transmitter radio covered in white sheet (still safe where he'd left it) but then it was drawn to the cast iron bed that had been pushed against the wall under the window where a small shape was currently huddled in its center, clutching knees to her chest and rocking herself back and forth.
Tony’s voice intruded, and Steve’s vision swam. He blinked the spots away from his eyes, the room slowly coming back into focus and he released the breath he hadn’t even realized he’d been holding in a rush.
“Steve?” Tony rasped, needing to know for sure. Needing to hear his voice. Tony only got a tired grunt in reply as Steve’s eyes fluttered and his hand twitched toward him, but it spoke volumes. Chuckling, Tony reached for his reaching fingers and wound their fingers together. The beads on Tony’s necklace clinked as they curled into one another. Within moments, they fell into a deep exhausted sleep.
He was thinking about finding them a way out, and how easy it would be to get lost in the snow, when Natacha sat down at his feet, the cushion sinking beneath her weight. Péter pretended not to notice her, hunching his shoulders defensively. He'd wondered when she'd lay into him about talking to Harry. Tony said it didn't matter now - that Péter shouldn't dwell on it, but he hadn't said it wasn't Péter's fault. Because they both knew it was. He'd been stupid, and now everybody else had to pay the price. Péter swallowed, clenching his hands around his knees.
Sneak in. Sneak out. Like a whisper. Like a god damn apology. All to rescue a handful of innocent men. And then what? What about all the others?
“But I wasn’t invited captain. Won’t your hosts object?” Tony’s sluggish brain tried to remember all of the perfectly pressing reasons for Tony to decline what was a thoughtful but still ludicrous invitation.
He didn’t want to face her, because he didn’t know what was on his face or in his eyes after hearing something like that, but she tugged his sleeve with two of her spotted fingers, and so bidden he turned. “Happy birthday, Antony.”
“No, no it's all right!” The man interrupted in Polish, similar in cadence to what the people of Nowy Sącz had spoken. His expression, which had been a frown so deep it had nearly creased his entire face, had gone slack in surprise and Steve didn’t know whether it was because he’d been knocked over by ‘the famous’ Captain Rogers or because said Captain had apologized in his native tongue.
He kept telling himself that… But his arms held Stefen in the quiet hours before sunrise like someone who knew time was an hourglass.
The men had burst inside. Ordered they hand over their Jews. Nigel told them to leave and one of the men had beat him with a broken chair leg. Accused him of being a Jew lover. Everyone had panicked, trying to get out as the intruders began to tear the place apart. Tony had run with the children, shielding them as best he could with his body when two men stepped in front of them, one armed with a lead pipe.
But Tony kept working, a clock ticking down in the back of his mind, determined not to miss the deadline. And in the quiet moments of his day when he no longer had the work to focus on or the children to distract him, he thought about how two days might as well be a raindrop in the pool of time.
The crunching of the leaves under his feet made a pleasant accompaniment to the hum of his thoughts as he walked back to the kitchen with loaded arms. He trudged across the floor toward the glow of warmth emitting from the stove and lingered next to it even after he’d stacked the wood neatly beside it. The warmth was a welcome reminder that it was too late in the year to be trouncing around outside without a jacket.
“Herr Stark-” Pepper began but Tony rushed over her.
Battle fatigued, weary from the start, and yet the Howling Commando’s went on to complete twenty-five campaigns. I can’t imagine it was easy for him – or easy for you!
“Stay right with me.” he repeated, pressing into her cheek with his own. He could feel her nod, her arms hugging his neck. Steve stood and looked around for a quick exit. Anyplace where -
James wet coughs actually turned indignant and Tony chuckled, patting his back to make sure there wasn’t any more water he needed to spit up.
Yes, nobody pay him any god damn mind.
“They haven't time either. I’ll need a table, Dobas.” Steve interjected, his voice earring on the side of military command. Kurt blinked at him, taken aback by his brusk tone, but thankfully even he had been too long a soldier not to hop to when spoken to in that tone by a commanding officer.
“Some of them are fair enough to hide in plain sight.” Striker replied stiffly. “Nevertheless, I think we all agree a gentler and more permanent solution must be found than the somewhat harsh tactics we employ at the border.”
“Well he’s got your number,” he muttered under his breath and he could feel his sister’s answering glare even in the dark.
"It's delicious. I just had a lot at lunch today."
“Don’t you?” Stefen bit out through clenched teeth. He knew very well what Bucky must think. It was unclean. If they weren’t already exiles Steve would have been kicked out of the family.
-The Cabin-
Grig’s contact at the chapter office had not given him a date for when the bank order would go into effect, and Tony had hoped the family would be able to withdraw their savings before it was too late.
~*~*~
“Unless...” and then the final piece slid home. The puzzle solved. The solution laid before him in all of its galling simplicity.
Her hand was warm in his, calloused from farm work but supple and nearly as big as Steve’s own. He had a fleeting thought, that if he were to draw their hands clasped together, he might not be able to tell whose was male and whose was female. They were the same.
“You’d be correct. When you’ve had a chance to bathe and come down to breakfast, you’ll find Artur is already in his jacket and boots.” Tony replied. Steve gave him a curious look and Tony explained with a glint of humor in his eye. “He and Ian helped Harold sharpen the axe this morning, for the tree we’re all going to go cut down. I should warn you, there was talk of crossing the lake to find the biggest.”
“Good luck.” Tony offered in parting, chuckling under his breath when Bethany, who had already stepped toward her fiancé, jerked to a stop and turned on her heel to offer her own belated goodbye.
“Young.” Stefen shrugged but when Tony prodded him with his knee once more he added, “I think I was close to Ian’s age.”
"Bye Tony." he whispered quickly voice warbling (or so Tony thought) before he stepped back as quickly as he'd come and began barking for Bucky to stop gawking and get them moving as he scurried back aboard.
"I know, Stefen."
“Signor Ventura makes them under the eye of the Rabbi, so it is Kosher. God only knows what we will do if he loses the vineyard.” Nonna said with a fretful shake of her head as he straightened. He raised his cup to his lips once more and took another satisfying swallow.
It was not his intended strategy to take Artur with him. Something about confronting Tony in front of the children (even just one of them) seemed too manipulative. Tony cared deeply for them and Artur’s presence might prompt Tony to lie and Steve needed the truth from him. The truth because without it he had no other choice but to remove him from his family.
“We don’t know Herr, Stark,” came the prompt and expected reply. Natacha staring blankly somewhere past Tony’s head jumped when he loudly snapped the lesson book shut.
Tony would no doubt be angry with Steve when he found out the risk he’d taken going to the police, helping with a murder investigation, but Steve and his family were relying on the Carboni’s and their connections within the DELASEM to get out of the country. This had to be done. ‘I scratch your back and you scratch mine’, was the oldest unspoken contract of them all.
James let out a loud groan of dismay and pouted fiercely, “But I didn’t even get to meet them!”
“I don’t like that game Tony. It’s dark in there and it smells bad.” Sara drew his attention back with a pout, sticking out her plump lower lip. Chuckling dryly, Tony kissed her nose. “You’re so good at it, bambina. But we won’t have to play again for a while.”
Maria couldn’t sleep unless he sang her to sleep. She who would clutch his hand and hum along to whatever tune he’d pulled from memory until she drifted off. Tony hoped it helped the others as well.
Steve wanted to promise her that nothing bad would befall her but he could not bring himself to utter such empty promises, not in the face of her own frankness. As he searched for the words to convince, the right thing to convey, he could think only of the unapologeticly beautiful, and yet foreign, construction of her face in this sea of pale faces. A sea growing ever more turbulent as the Reich howled for racial purity. She could not hide the way others did (the way he did) and he found something incredibly brave about her presence there. She had stood among them, gowned like a queen and glittering from head to toe as her voice soared above them, forced them to feel the things she wanted them to feel, left them stinging and raw.
"If we can't risk using the port the twins will have to come here until we have another way to get them to safety."
“When I am alone, I sit and dream on the horizon but all the words are missing.” Tony began to recite from memory. “Yes, I know that even in a room full of sunlight, there can be no light if you are not with me. Open the windows, show everyone my heart. Close inside of me, the light that you brought from the street.”
Steve blinked, finding himself standing before a square two-level house at the edge of the square. He hadn’t meant to walk there, or to leave Tony’s side, but here he was all the same. The stone house was like all the houses in this section of the city, old, the rock crumbling in places but the red slates on the roof looked newer than not. Whoever lived here made a respectable income. There was a small girl standing on the cobbled street, leaning against the lantern, facing the house. Her dark hair was in need of a brush, her dress in desperate need of washing and a hot iron, and there were holes in her stockings.  Yet she sang.
Except for Tacha. Steve grit his teeth. They still wrote after her.
Whatever Stefen wanted to say must be important. All that intensity was still locked tight within his body, and every last drop of it felt like it was focused on Tony now.
“I must have scrubbed every hallway in the monastery by my eighth week there.”
"You. And what's a chava?" James answered back with a berry tinged grin.
"I suppose he wants a big splash?"
Tony was standing on the front steps along with Natacha and the rest of the household, minus Stefen, the other children, and Bakhuizen, when the sleek black automobile carrying Dörthe Werner rolled through the gate.
Maybe, but it wasn’t something Tony was keen on finding out.
He gripped the table as he began to shake, and another sob tore from his throat. His children’s voices continued to drift softly through his mind, their faces to swim before his eyes, and he bit his tongue hard, squeezing his eyes closed.
What law? Tony wondered. There were restrictions of course, delegated by the government, but nothing about the abolishment of all music.
Tony remembered with a pang in his chest, Maria and Artur hiding in the closet under the stairs to stop him leaving the villa. He smiled sadly.
“I’m sure I’m in for it.” Steve winced and Charlotte chuckled, patting his arm.
She didn’t seem to notice the tense feeling of the room or the fact that at least two of its occupants had pulled guns on her. Her eyes fixed immediately on Cameron and he was her sole focus. They all realized why when she breathlessly announced that the captain was back, and a moment later Stefen stepped into view. He wasn’t alone either.
“We are all here. We will all be watching them so it is safe.” Charlotte countered, calm and confident with a soft smile for the children before she returned her full focus to him, repeating. “They’re safe now, Darling.”
in. His eyes caught on the white streams of crystallized sap streaming down the trunk of a nearby tree, following it down to the thin layer of needles and the small brown lumps of cones that blanketed the snow at its base.
. And when I do, I’ll split them from end to end like pigs.”
“You don’t want me to get shot by the Gestapo. That’s a far cry from wanting me here. I know the difference.” Tony spat in reply, his voice was hard, bitter even, but there was something tortured in his eyes. A kind of pleading that Steve wanted to obliterate and did not know how. There was no target here. Nothing to aim at.
: This chapter focuses heavily on Steve's time in a concentration camp. We've continued our mission to stay evenly grounded between accuracy & fiction, which means we earn those tags up there. The experimental program to create super soldiers was a very real thing, and unfortunately had Steve's name written all over it. We do our best to stay sensitive and respectful of the subject matter, but urge you to use your best discretion. All portions have been clearly labeled. If you wish to avoid the Dachau portions altogether you can do so easily.
Stefen frowned, no doubt wondering who he thought he could help by going on this mission to Dachau. “Who-? Tony, if you are worried about your grandparents, you know I can-” But Tony cut him off again before Stefen could continue to shake his resolve, his courage. He had to get it out before he lost his nerve. If he didn't tell Stefen now he never would, and he needed to.
“How long until we get there?”
“I can’t eat this. It’s all soggy” he whined.
it. That uppity police captain had made it clear. They wouldn’t just take his word for it, though that had been incriminating for more than a few unlucky bastards out there.
Steve reached into his desk and slid his fingers around his gun, his senses screaming with a sense of impending danger. For a moment he thought wildly about getting to the children, making sure they were safe, but he was torn between that and the impulse to seek out the threat and neutralize it.
Baroness Schrader certainly kept the conversation going, aided by Bakhuizen’s sharp wit, and Tony’s excellent conversational skills but Stefen had regressed to grunts and short answers, his discomfort at the table obvious. Tony did his best to relax him, steer the conversation away from those trigger topics he was noticing, and draw him out of his shell. He was having mixed success because it turned out that the Baroness was some sort of social activist and wanted to know the churches opinion on any number of topics that tended to make Stefen tight lipped. If Farkas only knew that Tony was being asked to speak for the church he’d probably roll his eyes back so far he’d lose the good one.
“They’re called rom, and they’re good people too.” Ian’s unexpected announcement drew all eyes to him. Freshly turned thirteen, he had acquired that unfortunate pinched look that boys got at that age when their bodies grew too fast. A gangly creature with overgrown hair, he should have looked ridiculous trying to stare down a man five times his age, but no one laughed. The seriousness of his conviction was plain, the pain in each word beyond something someone of his years should even know how to carry. It kept them all hushed.
Did Tony realize how often he scolded with the tongue and passed forgiveness with his palm? He was a priest holding condemnation in one hand and the keys to heaven in the other. Steve couldn’t have explained what that touch meant to him if he had all the words in the world at his disposal.
Hammer looked outraged, swelling up and opening his mouth to retort but he choked on whatever he was going to say as the lieutenant glared him into silence. The officer looked pained, but not for the reason Tony would have expected.
They parted eventually, because both of them still needed oxygen to breathe (mores the pity) but the captain didn’t go far. He kept his face close, staring down at Tony with a kind of softness that promised slow tender kisses to come and Tony had to close his eyes for a moment and catch his breath, his insides all but humming with delight.
And neither am I, he thought as he finished.
Steve paled, the thought of Sam hurt, lying somewhere on the ground broken and bruised (maybe dying) because he’d been seen with Steve, because Steve had put him in danger and his gut twisted.
“-as much as you want. Then he’s mine.”
After everything else they went through yesterday, why would Tony want to be kept awake by a low sweating, sniveling, coward clutching onto him like a security blanket?
"I don't know. I don't know whether you're coming or going. Whether you're a sinner, a saint, or the very devil himself, Stefen Rogers!" he heard a voice that sounded like his say over the rushing of blood in his ears. "But I know what you're not. And you're not one of them are you? Gypsy boy."
*~**~*
Grig came bustling in at half past eight, his coat half buttoned, barely pausing to be sure the door was closed behind him. The chill his entrance brought over Steve’s skin was felt through the entire room, as conversations tapered off and sudden silence descended in the kitchen.
When I am alone, I sit and dream
Tony was right outside his door. Steve could imagine that the slight thunk he heard was of Tony’s hand landing against it to steady himself.
So there it is. Peter's tucked safely away at school, Ian's the man of the house, Tony's at home wringing his hands like a war bride and Steve is off to
Frau Hogan gasped, her hands flying to her mouth in horror. Dvorak wrinkled his nose in discomfort and took a step back. Rogers had gotten the fever before, and everyone knew it had taken his wife. The whole house was probably infested with disease.
"What else would a gypsy think in Germany?" Pietro scoffed. "Do you know what the Nazis have done to our people?"
It was actually two rooms, a richly furnished private suite connected to a smaller room which provided an additional bedroom and bath. They were led into the presidential suite through a spacious entry hall decorated in bright colors and fine old furnishings. Beyond it was an equally spacious sitting room with three doors – one on the right leading into the conjoining suite, and the two on the left leading to the master bedroom (its crowning feature a truly enormous canopy bed with silk curtains) and a small guest room. The sitting room opened up to an elegant dining room just large enough by Tony’s reckoning to host them all.
"Don't worry," Péter knocked shoulders with her, smiling bravely despite the tremble they both heard in his voice. "Tony will figure out what's wrong and he'll fix him. You'll see."
. God he couldn’t think about Tony right now.
Steve was down the steps quicker than his own mind could process it, and Tony was in his arms a moment later.  Steve held him tight, Tony’s body locked against his, his fingers digging into Tony’s back in an attempt to drag him closer while the world tilted and swayed around them.
And they had to convince the Germans that they loved it. That they were loyal. Tony shuddered to think what would happen to them if they couldn’t. He’d seen what the Nazi’s were capable of doing. Even to children.
“Tony! I think I caught one!” James exclaimed excitedly and Tony twisted his torso to peer in his direction only to find the boy rushing across the grass toward them with one hand tightly clamped over the rim of his net.
“I sure will.”
"I think I much prefer the automobile,” the young woman despaired, giving the compartment around them a disgruntled look and Tony bit back a smile.
Tony wondered for a moment how Péter’s friends had found out he was home, until he remembered that with Christmas just a few days away Péter should have been home on break anyway, and his friends would know that.
She could hear his teeth grinding, and the intense way that he stared at her set her on edge. Collecting her letter Charlotte stood, turning so that he was no longer at her back.
REDACTED
If they were broadcasting from a major station it wouldn’t be much of a problem, but anything weaker and Tony wasn’t certain. But he could mitigate that with a strong antenna.
“You wanna wait here while I fix it?"
“When circumstances forced him to make a choice between donning a uniform and his family’s starvation.” Tony interjected with a grimace. “He’s aware, and he’s worked very hard so that you’ll be lucky enough never to have to even get near such a choice. It’s okay to be lucky, Peter. There’s nothing cowardly in the good fortune of a parent who spares you unnecessary pain.”
“I should be here. I know I should be,” he mumbled in reply, not acknowledging Tony’s see through attempts at cheerful distraction. Did Peter’s father really think the thought of a birthday party was going to make him forget those things that he’d said; what Wanda had said about what was happening to gypsies like them?
“Two and they’re red.”
“No.” Steve quickly interjected with a stern look.
!” Tony felt a hand clench in the back of his shirt and yank.
“Yes, Damn! We’re meant to fade in two more platoons by the end of…” Dvořák sputtered, overwhelmed by the unexpected turn of events.
Tony’s brow arched in surprise. He’d been distracted with the children most of the day but he’d not observed Pepper airing out any of the spare rooms and it was a big job for a single person alone.
"Snares?" James abandoned what looked like a game of keep away (wherein the thing being kept away was his person, which Ian was attempting to wrap in a soft towel) to scamper to his uncle's side. Ian bit his lip, looking troubled and his eyes sought Tony's beseechingly.
And if it was? Well, Tony understood what Péter meant. He wasn’t mad or scared. He was glad.
“Are you a carpenter as well as a monk now Herr, Stark” Hammer sneered and Tony didn’t even spare the man a look as he responded to stupidity with the only thing it deserved: disinterest.
Not even you went unsaid. Then again it didn’t need to be.
It snowed again near the end of February, for two days straight without end. It snowed so much that it piled high around the doors until they couldn’t open them again without digging themselves out.
Switzerland. The nearest and most obvious refuge from the reach of the Third Reich. The most obvious direction for any man on the run to run in and exactly the direction he needed to head in to get to his children. The train would pass through a tunnel and cut across the alps. He’d get off at the station before and make his way to the cabin from there. A long journey even so, but by god, a chance now. A real chance.
“And yet even the Führer attends the opera. He’s crazy about Tristan and Isolde. He also fancies himself a bit of a painter. And the might of his mighty army is birthed off the labors of not just servicemen but the engineers who build his ships, weapons, and tanks. It seems to me that the Führer finds great value in artists and intellectuals despite saying otherwise.”
Tony hid a smile behind the rim of his cup, taking a satisfied sip as Bakhuizen opened his mouth to retort back at the captain, but what he might have said was lost because at that very moment the doors to the terrace opened and Hammer appeared, the three men turning to watch as the stately butler approached.
“I also think it would be very hard for you to serve as our Chief Machinist if these baseless accusations about you being a homosexual were allowed to go on much longer. We will of course, put a stop to them.”
The oldest boy jumped in with her, smiling encouragingly at the baby girl who was still crying about her bear but was staring at them both now. Considering.
Bucky was right, had always been right.
“Does this mean we’re staying together after all?” Péter asked, leaning forward enough to be heard.
“Not as exciting as one might think. Sometimes you need a place to land.”
“Sit down,” Tony commanded without looking up. Ian aborted his movement, and then thought better of it. Tony could feel Artur shifting in his lap underneath to peer at his brother as he asked in voice small and thin with anxiety, “Where are you going?”
Tony had given them free time that afternoon (again) and hadn’t been seen for hours and Ian was worried. Their tutor still had meals with them usually, but he didn’t eat much when they sat down and it was beginning to show. When Ian had heard Julia complaining that she looked stressed as an old blouse and thanking god for the espresso machine father had bought, he’d thought about how thin and tired Tony was starting to look and had gotten the idea to make him another lunch (since he’d barely touched the earlier one) and enticing him with espresso. Tony loved espresso and he especially loved it with chocolate.
Far worse.
"A whole hour of leisure time. We're quite lucky today aren't we?" he tried to open up conversation but the girl just dropped her gaze to the water and hunched her shoulders. She wasn't going to talk to him, Péter realized. Unless...
He didn't have any longer to think about it because that was the moment when Tony finally arrived, trouble hot on his heels in the form of hurried footsteps and raised voices, including his own.
When Péter turned his bike around he hadn't yet decided what he was going to do, but his heart was pounding in his ears as Natacha demanded to know where he was going.
Stark about your judgment, you’re not paid to judge you’re paid to –”
They had originally planned to part ways as soon as they arrived, as to limit the danger to their traveling companions, but given the circumstances Steve was grateful Luzzato had brought them along. He could feel Ian shivering under his arm, despite the moderate temperatures. The children needed to get warm and fed, or else he worried they would become sick.
He jiggled the cradle impatiently as he waited several long minutes while the operator did not appear. No doubt the women at the dispatch were gabbing away, while Tony suffered in wait. He really ought to update the phone system. The house was moving up in years but there was no reason that it had to stay locked in the twenties did it?
Tony berated himself. It was one thing to let his thumping (and far too hopeful) heart get mushy over the man’s children, it was another thing to latch onto wishful thinking. He would imagine that many officers were less than genuinely supportive of the Reich, but that was a far cry from outright treason and rebellion. Many of those same men found it within themselves to follow their orders, no matter how distasteful. Captain Rogers was no doubt the same.
When she was clear, the others climbed aboard while Lucas volunteered to help Tony push her the rest of the way into the water.
their job.”
"Is that why you have to go?" She knew it was true even if he didn't. "Even when you didn't go after Péter."
Was she being deliberately stupid? Péter growled. No, tacha was too much like their mother.
"They never made their check point. The Germans are always underestimating how narrow the mountain roads are." Captain Arnold tried to be reassuring, his flinty eyes flickering over to the Major's children for a moment before he edged closer and continued under his breath. "They're probably stuck in a snowbank somewhere, but we can't rule out foul play. If it is the rebels, there's a chance they'll try and take the children."
They stared at one another helplessly, and the pressure to laugh just kept building up in Steve’s chest. He might have, if he hadn’t just reached the end of his strength. If he hadn’t failed his family over the mere threat of being touched. The pressure ballooning in his chest burst forth as it had to, but instead of laughter it came out as a broken sob.
“Mother was the daughter of the
He could see the Music Hall at times, rising above most of the other buildings in the square but he had no idea if Tony and the children were still there, or what condition they’d be in - Steve grabbed a passing man by his jacket, gripping him tightly as he asked if he’d heard any word about the Behringer being attacked.
He’d nearly died that winter Bucky remembered with a shudder. His cough had gotten so bad that he’d rattled with every breath he took. And even then the idiot hadn’t wanted to eat when his mother was forced to go without.
Arrangement is agreeable. We trust that you will find our pups good homes. Nervi’s health is poorly, and we have decided to take holiday for better air. We both look forward to seeing our good friends again.
“Did they see who did it?” he asked and the man shook his head in reply.
“Tony?” Tony's name came out more a groan then a real word. More like a prayer than anything Steve had ever meant before. It couldn’t be real. He knew but - Steve whimpered, closing his sore eyes. Biting desperately at chapped lips. Please let it be real.
“I don’t like this,” he ground out. Charlotte let out a breath and loaded her spoon again as calm as ever.
The door latch that Tony and he were finishing was an equally simple design. A small notch of wood nailed to the side of the door with a larger plank atop it. Another plank nailed to the door itself, long enough to swing into the space between the two and prevent the door from opening.
1:00 AM
"She couldn't say for sure Stefen, not when we don't know if the lines have been tapped."
He supposed being the oldest girl and reminding them the most of Margrit she was acceptable to them.
Tong gave her a couple of rapid instructions, pleased when she nodded and hurried off to see it done. He straightened up as Stefen leaned closer, catching Tony’s gaze and flicking his eyes poignantly toward the crowd.
They sat in always silence after that, cutlery scraping off plates and Bucky wondered how often this was the symphony of the meals together. He watched his spoon sink into his muesli with every bite, feeling as if it were an accurate picture of the situation Bucky had to dig Steve out of.
, and getting on the first boat out of Austria he could. There was just one more thing he needed to know.
Though she and her father share a lot of the same traits and coping techniques, Natasha is the most obvious reflection of the girl Peggy once was. She's smart, competitive, fiercely competent, with a cheeky streak that slips out the more you relax her. Her naturally empathetic nature wars with her pragmatic worldview. We aren't seeing it now, post losing her mother and the Nazis closing in, but we're learning that she used to be "wild". A gifted dancer, quick to laugh, and reputedly unconventional. Natasha wanted adventure in the great wide somewhere (and for once it might be grand to have someone understand that she wants so much more than they've got planned) *wink* and resents the idea that a woman's place is in the role of wife and mother. Even now we see her struggling with the new skin she's put on. She chaffs at being regulated to the role of "little mother" when she feels she could do as great (if not even better) a job of leading the family in her father's absence as Peter (who doesn't really want the responsibility). But most telling is the fact that despite all her protests and the Nazi ideals she parrots, she not only allows Tony to subvert the order of the household, she unfailingly ends up joining in.
“Ah… so you two have met?” Göring questioned, curious at the obvious animosity between the two men.
" Tony stressed the name, the one that mattered (not the name on his papers, not the name of the soldier). Tony grasped the man’s elbows and pled in earnest.
"In officers' training, did I ever tell you what we called him?" Dvořák repeated.
Ian ignored the chill of the wind as he hurried to the woodpile, thinking of his mission to make sure that Tony ate at least one full meal today. Something simple would be best, and easily handled so he could keep working on whatever it was that preoccupied so much of his mind these days. Sandwiches would do, but something filling to make up for the other meals he’d missed.
More accurately it was like slamming into a brick wall and Tony was no physicist but there was only one way for this to end: heels over ass on the floor.
He could make the entire house go electric he mused to himself. Stefen would balk at the cost of such a major renovation but once he experienced the efficiency Tony was sure he’d come around to the idea. There were –
But in any mood, it was nice having Tony around. With him around they made eight instead of seven. Well, not always because Da was home far more than before but still. Peter usually banded with Tacha, Maria and Artur practically came glued together and made a little triangle with Sara. Ian normally got stuck with James who-
Tony watched the Avenger as she sped down the river in the moonlight, until she and those she carried were nothing more but a distant glow.
“And what about knowing their father refused to murder innocents? Don’t I owe my children that?”
Stefen placed a hand firmly over Tony’s mouth and Tony jerked to a halt, surprised at the touch. He heard James snicker but he couldn’t take his eyes off of Stefen whose palm was a warm, barely there pressure against his mouth, but Tony was so aware of it he swore he could feel every hair on his body rise.
“We can't know for sure that Antony has stolen-” Tiberius opened his mouth to interject but fell wisely silent under the Father Superior's stern glare.
“And if he’s not so ill anymore?” Dvorak asked, priding himself on keeping his tone even.
The children snickered, muffling the sounds of their mirth with spoonful’s of under their father’s reproachful gaze.
"I ought to convince him you need another summer of remedial courses." Tony grumbled, before nodding his head jerkily toward the door. "Go on, out of here with you. And don't forget to see Pepper about that cheek."
Her body was shaking as she blinked away the visceral fantasy. She felt sick at herself.
"What was that song you used to sing for her?" Stefen asked, something soft but firm in his tone piercing the suddenly strained quiet. Bakhuizen looked up, and for a moment the two shared another of their private looks before he answered.
Tony groaned, squeezed his eyes shut and attempted to burrow deeper under the covers. He’d stayed up most the night before Stefen had woken in the wee hours to relieve him from his watch. He hadn’t thought that Steve would truly be angry if he fell asleep before then but couldn’t bring himself to do it when he remembered the haunted look in Stefen’s eyes. He’d given his word and that was that.
Tony did not know what the captain and Bakhuizen did all day holed up in Rogers study. It seemed to involve a great many rustling of papers and telephone calls at all hours of the day and night. Had Tony been more concerned with his duties as a spy he might have tried his hand at peering through key holes and listening at doorways but he was no longer so concerned by whatever business kept Rogers away from his children, as he was with finding a way to put an end to it.
“For the price of friendship.” Steve corrected, looking back into the fireplace at the remnants of the letter now turned to ash. He hoped Tony would understand, though it wouldn’t matter either way whether he did or didn’t. “He risked a great deal to go against his father because it was the right thing to do. He trusted me with the lives of his wife and children because he believed, that even when others gave up I’d do all that I could for them. He gave me a map of a secret way into the palace. Only Bucky and I ever saw it.”
“Come again?” Tony asked, affronted, and Bucky laughed and laughed. Steve wanted to dunk his head underwater and take a deep breath.
“No. It changes nothing!” Tony insisted, aggravated, rising slightly in his chair as he glared up at Steve.  “I’m still a Jew, whether I’m having dinner here or in Berlin. They’re still burning us out right here in Salzburg like we’re rats. I’m going, to stop them, because I must, and if you don’t want me in your house when I get back, that is fine I can -”
“And they killed him,” Tony remembered bitterly. “He lost his life for mine.”
God damn it but that was scary.
"Uh-oh, better catch us some food then." Bakhuizen teased as he passed them, on his way to procure dry clothing. Stefen wasn't the only one blessed with a fine figure Tony noted abstractly.
The entire household down to the last maid had gathered in the smaller siting room – the one reserved just for the family’s use and not the formal room meant for entertaining when there were guests – and it looked as if he and Ian were the last to arrive.
This time around Tony had been right, with some help to keep his lungs open James illness had run its course; but he still tired easily and they might not be so lucky with the next illness or calamity. Someone developed strange symptoms Tony had no experience with, and what then?
But then the night had taken its turn.
It made socializing an exercise of extreme focus, constant conscious control. it was exhausting.
Shine a blinding light for you and me
They’d finally found what they were looking for in a leather-bound portfolio lodged between two books on poisonous flora and their various treatments. Tony snagged the whole pile, not because he believed that metal poisoning could be treated the same way as consuming deadly nightshade – but because he was not above admitting that he was out of his depth, and not about to take chances that the books might not contain something helpful later.
Tony made the word sound strangled even though if Péter hadn’t been standing close enough to know otherwise, he would have sworn that Tony’s mouth hadn't moved at all. Péter had heard his father sound like that before. That same timber, that same hardening around the lips heralding an explosion of temper: dangerous. Péter took a step back.
It was only a few desperate swallows before the captain pulled the glass away, and without breaking eye contact extended his arm to offer what remained in the glass to Tony. Wordlessly Tony accepted the offer, turning the glass so that his lips rested over the same spot that Stefen had drunk from, imagining that he could still taste Stefen lingering there just under the bolder liquor.
There was a pause and then the floorboards above creaked and they heard footsteps, and what sounded like something heavy dragging across the floor. He and Péter shared another anxious look and rushed toward the stairs in silent agreement.
He'd have to speak to him about that. While he could admit he agreed with the sentiment it was a stupid thing to say to a child, especially in times like these.
“Not to the Führer.”
“You feel, alright don’t you? You didn’t eat something bad?!” James asked again, his gaze swiveling from his da to Bucky and back again in increasing concern. Stark had explained to the younger ones as best he could that their da had eaten something that disagreed with him and gotten very sick, in the hopes that the fear of germs or his having a relapse wouldn’t hang over their heads, but it had created other worries. James refused to eat now until someone assured him the food was good.
Staring deeply into the cup like a gypsy about to read tealeaves Stefen remarked with surprise, "That's very good. Your Cappuccino?"
He and Bucky shared a look, thinking the same thing. It had surprised them both, how quickly British parliament had rallied to lend aid to the refugees and get people on the ground in Poland. Almost unheard of. Monty and Hill did everything they could to work with the intelligence Steve and his team provided for them, but bureaucracy often tied their hands. It was frustrating when everything in Steve’s body screamed that they should be doing more to help.
And even though it was still painful to remember Peggy Steve let them talk. He hardly heard any of it. Not for lack of trying.
“STEFEN ROGERS!”
Tony after all.
He wrapped a hand around himself, and jolted in surprise unable to cut off his whimper. He hadn't even been aware he'd slid his hand down his stomach to palm at himself, but now that he'd started he couldn't seem to stop.
One of them, penned with a short but delicate feminine script (clearly intended for Bucky) and the other one bore military insignia and the last one...
Ian jumped, startled by the question asked loudly in his ear by one of the girl's in the group he and Natacha had been swallowed up in after dinner. Like most of the girls she'd traded in her Young Maiden's uniform for a party dress. Her blond hair was plaited in a crown around her head, but wisps of it were catching the bright lights in the hall and turning them gold.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up at the revelation. The Führer was currently attempting peace talks with the leaders of England and France, but they were going about as well as everybody had expected them too (which was to say terribly). Hitler had no interest in peace, and still had his eye firmly on bringing home the ethnic Germans inhabiting the border lands of Czechoslovakia. The arrogant ass had no intention of hearing no. Everybody expected there to be an announcement of war within the damn week, but Stefen thought they could avoid it and he was whispering with British intelligence?
There was nothing to suggest Peggy had been there now. It was a Roma custom to let go of the dead, so the dead could find peace. A damn idiotic one if you asked him and certainly not meant to be done in this degree. Hell, Bucky still had a few of his mother’s things.
“Where are your Ukrainian singers?” Tony asked Bakhuizen as a way to divert the topic, surprised that they had not woken to join the table yet. He was not expecting the odd tension that had crept into the captain’s tone as he replied.
“They say we’ll be at war before the month is out but there is a chance still, that all the fuss is for nothing. Don’t you think?” Bethany asked, with an air of hopefulness. “Mr. Chamberlin is a very sensible man, and something good will come of these peace talks. I’m sure of it.”
That got him his glower and Tony smirked.
"Studying." The boy snapped, taking a vicious bite off the end of his fork. Tony suppressed a sigh. Stefen couldn't just let it go, could he?
Getting to the gate unencumbered was surprisingly easy.  In the chaos following the explosion, nobody seemed to want to bother with Cardinal Rossi. They met up with the two doctors, Lucas Deurr and the brothers from Engelzell at the gate. All of them covered in the robes Tony had brought, waiting anxiously in front of the grim-faced gate Guard who was leveling a riffle threateningly at Leshnerr’s chest.
Rogers had been reported sick for going on two weeks. This Dr. Erskine did not sound as if he had been to the household in months, and if he was truly a Jew Dvorak didn't see how it was possible his practice could have stayed open through the summer, let alone after the November riots.
“Cap?” Stark was watching him, that eyebrow of his arched in question. He had quite an expressive face, their monk.
“It’s the only choice I have.” Stefen insisted, the bark returning to his tone as he stiffened again under Tony’s hands. “I can’t sit back and do nothing while Germany swallows my country Tony. I can’t!”
The long square table in its center was framed by a breathtaking set of windows and glass doors leading out onto the first of two private balconies (the second could be found outside the master bedroom) which provided a stunning view of the city.  As if that weren’t worth the small fortune Stefen must have paid for their lodgings the suite also came with a small private study and a bathroom with  a tub so large that Tony was nearly certain even a man of Stefen’s size would have no trouble sinking comfortably.
That at least seemed to bring back some of the good cheer, James grinning gleefully in delight, his legs swinging so furiously under the table his chair creaked and groaned. The captain glowered at his friend, looking somewhat betrayed, but nodded.
He knew a fighter when he saw one.
“Let me go! Let me go I said!”
He heard Péter mumble something about having lessons and Tony gritted his teeth (so tight he thought his teeth would crack) continuing their vigorous march as Péter scrambled to catch up with them.
No, it wasn't Tony thought, but it was hard to deny when Péter had only spoken the truth.
“You’re a man. It’s different for you.”
Tony turned away from the desk and turned back to the rest of the room. The longer he surveyed it the more he noticed the troubling sterility of it. As beautiful as it was it was stale, too picturesque to be used for anything but pictures. Too clean, Tony thought, for children. There were no scuff marks to show a single child lived there, let alone seven of them.
“Your children are so clever Captain.” Charlotte turned to Stefen with a look that Tony could only classify as adoring. It seemed practiced. “You must bring them to the officer’s ball. Claudia would adore them.”
He felt Stark's smug grin from across the table but he looked up to confirm it anyway and grit his teeth, remembering what Natacha had told him about Tony encouraging them to question their authorities.
That would certainly explain why the captain had wanted to keep their arrival secret and to get rid of them as quickly as possible. Tony was no art expert but he recognized the rendering of the boy and girl on the poster as the same ones he’d met in the front hall two weeks before.
“You were rambling about finding Péter and then you just started tipping like a damn tree,” Bucky answered him and Steve frowned. He must be speaking and not know it. He moved his tongue in his mouth and it felt sluggish.
He did them because it took more than one pair of hands to manage a house for a group of their size, and at the very least he wanted to set a good example to the children about being self-sufficient and helpful when the situation called for it. That point probably got lost on them what with Tony and the humorless Mathilde waiting on them, but Tony considered it a win when Maria and Artur had skipped into the kitchen after dinner, noticed what he was about and immediately asked if they could help.
(See the end of the chapter for
They couldn’t just sit here, letting the Reich tell lies, could they?
“Here, Father,” Péter stood eagerly, rocking the boat he sat in with Sara. Tony quickly went to take the little girl from his arms and help Péter back up onto the dock. “You can take my spot and help Tony row. Ian can ride in the boat with you guys, since he’s smaller, and I’ll take the small boat.”
either way. Important thing was they had each other, they were familia together, and as soon as Bucky saved his ungrateful ass, they were getting the hell out of Germany like Bucky had been telling him they should from the beginning.
As war surges in Europe, Tony and Steve desperately search for a way out of Pola for the family but with the city becoming more dangerous by the day and the Axis Powers fixing their eyes on Norway, their situation is only getting more desperate.
“Uncle Bucky. Uncle Bucky it’s you!”
“You could have told me I was keeping you up.” Steve answered, blinking away the fuzziness the sudden change in his surroundings had left behind. “I would have found somewhere else to sleep.”
“I don’t want the children to see me hurt.” He frowned at himself and reached for a jar resting beside the mirror. The bruises on his neck and jaw had faded to a translucent yellow but Steve had always been meticulous.
“Herr Stark wait!” he cried.
“Tony’s recently come from the monastery.” Stefen explained, but it didn’t do much to clear up the confusion of their host or those close enough to hang on their every word.
“Charlotte? She isn’t bothered.”
“Well hello, who are you?” he asked kindly, leaning down a little to see her face.
talking to then. He stared at Steve for a moment longer but eventually, Tony gave up and laid down beside him and Steve curled his body to give him more room. In, and not out. In, despite the fact that the closeness of their skin made his burn and itch with discomfort. He had hoped the numbness would stick around longer, but no such luck. Steve breathed through the pain. He could handle it. It wasn’t so bad.
“How long are they to be here Captain?” Tony asked politely, almost expecting the stiff way that Stefen replied.
“Tony what’s wrong? Is it Stefen?” Pepper appeared around a corner in her dressing gown, her anxious face filling Tony’s vision as they nearly collided. He grabbed her by the shoulders.
And so the games began. Péter was a surprisingly bad shot; or rather he was a fine shot until he had to pull the trigger.
It had been easier than Tony expected to find information on Nonno. It helped that he’d been a successful business man for many years before Tony’s father had bought out the shipyard. The last known address Tony could find for him was on a business license for a carpenter’s shop in the city issued fifteen years ago. It made Tony feel sick looking at that address, knowing for certain now that his grandparents had been in Pola all this time, a stones throw away from Tony’s childhood home.
“And the second thing?”
. I’m so sorry.” He murmured over and over and over again. When he squeezed her tight and pressed a firm kiss to the side of her brow and said, “It’s going to be okay darlin’. You’re strong,” she believed him.
They'd spent the day with the children in the city entertaining them with sights and stories. He'd worried about keeping them entertained with Tony unable to join them but they'd seemed happy enough in the back of the carriage that Steve had paid to drive them around.
They didn't speak any more about what had happened while he was gone, and Péter seemed to prefer that.
The muffled bark seeped through the wall which Maria hid behind, but even muffled she could hear the aggravated snap in it that meant danger, an adult was annoyed.  She hoped the voice belonged to the officer in charge, and not the man in the suit who liked to ask them questions. He had mean eyes, and Maria felt them often following her around the house. But that was not the reason she and Artur had chosen to hide that morning.
“For the price of a favor.” Tony didn’t so much ask as state. Two steps ahead, as he so often was.
“Your daughter has promised us a song captain. A lady keeps her word.”
Sighing deeply Bucky let it sit, glumly staring out at the water, fully expecting Steve to get stubborn on him and for his words to fall on deaf ears. It was a long time before he heard Steve stir behind him. He didn’t turn around to watch him leave, so he was a bit startled when the man joined him at the railing. Stevie didn’t say anything, just heaved a sigh and leaned, knocking his shoulder against Bucky.
His mother had wanted to see the sea and Steve always wondered now if she might not have known she wasn’t going to get better. She'd talked just like this, murmuring story after countless story as she sat beside him on the train, pointing out sights for the boys until eventually losing her voice. Just like Sam she’d spun tales from her girlhood and all the different places she'd called home before she'd met Steve's father and then finally, just as her voice had faded, about the first woman who had died in her arms, no older then Steve was now. She'd unwrapped her memories just so, her precious things, gently leaving them for Steve to pick up and keep safe.
“James!” He called out to the boy’s back. “I said keep up with your brothers. They’re back here.”
“You’ll be dead by nightfall.” Dvorak responded with another shake of his head, and there was something hollow in his eyes now. A dark pit with no bottom. “Find a hole Rogers. Find a hole and bury yourself in it where no one will ever find you. That’s all we can give our children now.”
She would, after she'd decided to do it. Somehow the thought held little comfort.
Ona blinked out of her daze, biting her lip with another moment of indecision before she finally darted forward, grabbing his legs. Together they awkwardly half dragged, half carried the stranger towards the barn.
There had been a time in his life when Steve would have traded much to know what went on at a Viennese ball. Now, there wasn’t much he wouldn’t trade to escape having to attend what amounted to a bunch of people standing in small groups and pairs staring at and gossiping about one another. Steve could do without an evening full of stares. The grand ballroom was stuffed full of important persons, from delegates to generals and celebrities. It was decorated to look like a crystal forest so that even the chandeliers hanging over their heads looked like crystallized roots. He wished he'd brought his notebook. Not so strange an urge. Stranger was the wistful thought that followed, that Tony would have loved all this sparkle and finery and that he’d have liked him to be there.
!” Bucky barked, the sound harsh in the quiet of the room and Péter jumped. He didn’t feel bad for it though. It hurt him down to his soul sometimes watching the children struggle, but the kid was dead wrong and way out of line.
“Which room is- ”
"Our parents used to throw the best parties." Ian recounted with an air of longing. "Mama would drag the tables out into the garden and all of the neighbors would be invited. Do you remember how Natacha would always beg Da to play his mandolin so she could dance?"
"Come help me build the fire up. It will be warm for when your brothers and sisters wake up."
“I understand your disbelief Frauline.” The lieutenant replied stiffly, looking intensely uncomfortable. “But a credible witness has come forward.”
If Stefen wanted to speak to her he could damn well do it himself. The baroness deserved to hear from her little cousins (soon to be her own children) and of course from her fiancé, but Tony couldn't bring himself to care about navigating that infuriating (and vaguely incestuous) tangle of relational ties; not when not even twenty-four hours ago a man had tried to brain him over the head with a pipe simply for
“You and Stefen have the worst definition for laying low of anyone I’ve ever met.” Jann scolded him when Bucky had dropped down from the tree he’d been hiding in. She’d come out to the wood, following the coded signals he’d left for her scratched into various surfaces around town. He grinned, shrugged, and got down to business.
“This won’t last very long.” Natacha remarked, holding the small wrinkled bar they found in her palm and looking up at Tony with worry. Working with Bruce in the abbey infirmary had taught Tony well the importance of hygiene for good health. They’d need to keep things clean, or else sickness would set in.
The prince and his entourage were already seated by the time a long thin man with a dropping mustache plucked Steve and Charlotte out of the receiving line and showed them to the royal table.
“You must learn to slow down. No one is going to take your food.” She admonished with a smile. Artur nodded, his cheeks going a little red, and murmured a thank you before tucking right back into his meal.
“Stefen we’re together to the end of the line. All I want in the interim is for you to finally be right again. I want you to stop walking around like the best of you died with Peg and to stop throwing away your chances with your children. And Stark… Stark brings out the best in you. And the worst.” Bucky admitted quietly, hands clenching and mouth twisting like the words had been yanked out of him.
"It's Saturday." Stefen pointed out, undeterred and Péter chewed vigorously and swallowed before answering.
“You mean you want us to teach
The room tilted. Steve gasped, trying to force air back into his chest. Tony’s face seemed to be floating away, as if he were floating off on a stream. But that couldn’t be right. There wasn’t any water. If Steve could just focus, swim to the surface and take a breath, he could do what he had to do to find Péter. Tony could help. He had to make Tony understand –
The thought left a sour taste in his mouth. He clenched his hands under the table as he chest panged with pain. He didn’t want to believe that Stefen was anything like Hughard, or to sympathize with any of his father’s choices where Tony and his mother were concerned, but that he could admit was childish.
“The air any clearer out here?” he grunted in Romany and Steve tensed. Even here alone in the cramped stairwell he was aware of all the ears above and below them. Bucky shouldn’t take such risks, but that was Bucky. After what they’d just been forced to stomach back in the apartment with Zimmerman and the others, Steve knew that this sort of defiance was what Bucky needed. It was this or start throwing punches.
“Are you sure about this?” Tony asked as he climbed back aboard, so to speak, underthings discarded.
Steve tried to take his advice and breathe. His fingers were numb. He glanced down at them, found them white knuckled and fisted against the tablecloth. He slowly unclenched them.
“She insisted I give this to you, and buy you a decent pen. Since it seems you’ve had trouble finding one the last three years.”
Péter seemed to shrink as his father bore down on him, realizing too late how woefully unprepared he was for the consequences of his words and Tony felt a stab of pity for him. The boy had earned it, but there were always those who took it too far and they all knew the captain's temper. The trouble with having war under your skin was never knowing when and where it might erupt and Tony was very afraid that Péter was about to find himself in the line of fire.
No one was there.
“Tony, where’s Frau Hogan? Why didn’t she make dinner?” Péter asked, concerned by the housekeeper's absence but Tony shot him a warning look, darting his eyes poignantly toward their unwanted dinner companions.
“He’s got a bed already. How about if Maria comes with you?”
Everything he’d need at the base fit into his canvas bag so he had just left everything else where it lay.
"Those are potatoes Tony."
"Uh, I think we are out staying our welcome with the good brothers. The Germans can't be far behind us." Leshnner growled irritably, obviously anxious to be on their way once more and Tony grimaced. The monks huddled on the dock were indeed looking more on the wilted end and hunched over from the cold now that the excitement of making it to their destination had passed.
“Yes, Herr Stark, what is it?” Stefen asked in a clipped tone, and Tony twitched. He wrapped his arms behind his back to give his hands something to do besides ball into fists.
“You ever heard of Stark Industries?” he asked slowly, staring into his drink as Kirk’s laughter died. The blond let loose an incredulous snort.
Steve grit his teeth and Tony served him with a look and drawled, "He wasn’t wrong."
By the shell-shocked expressions in the room you'd think Tony had fired a loaded gun.
“Or do you just look at stars?” she asked with a bite.
Tony laughed.
When his parting was met with nothing but grim silence the butler beat a hasty retreat.
It's time to say goodbye
Tony nodded, not needing Stefen to explain further the difficulties for a man like Weiss. Under the Hapsburgs things had not always been good, but the monarchy at least had shown the occasional interest in social reform and man could hope that bit by bit things could get better. The Great War had changed all that and the Reich had destroyed it for good.
“Alright then come along, we’d better round up the others. It won’t do for all of us to sit around the house crying and wondering about the state of the others.”
Circumstance hadn't called for the two of them to sleep in the same bed in more than a decade but as Steve laid back down and shivered at the coolness of his sheets he found himself aching for another body.
“You had such a look on your face just now. Soft.” Charlotte murmured thoughtfully. “I’d give more than a penny to know what puts a look like that on your face.”
Péter would have been thrilled to meet Ned’s mother. The pictures Ned kept of her and the island she’d grown up on were amazing. Ned’s father was some sort of business man who traded in sugar, but his parents did not live together – though his mother traveled with his father so often it almost felt as if they did. Ned had admitted nervously one night that he was a bastard, and that some people looked down on his mother for being kept by a man without marriage, but Péter didn’t care. Maybe a year ago he would have felt differently but right now, it just seemed that there were so many more important things to worry about than whose parents were married or not.
In his hands Tony held a nine branched candelabra. Child sized, because Tony had been less than eight years old when he’d crafted it himself. The base was a simple oak block, freshly polished to gleaming a deep reddish hue. Three iron prongs were set equally spaced apart across the surface, each prong twisting, splitting, and turning into the others, to form a geometric pattern and become the nine candle holders. He’d come home from their not-Chanuka that year, and he’d thought foolishly that by making his own he could bring the magic home and make it last.
“Father doesn’t think anything” Péter finally grumbled. “Not about me anyway.”
Bucky frowned, opening one eye, expecting... fuck if he were honest, he was expecting an aunt to be bustling over to the stove, probably smacking him across the back or the head for laying down so rudely on the table. But of course there was no aunt. No Ma.
“Yes well, I’ve had a bit more practice at it than you have. You don’t have to -”
He set the photo down with distaste, reprimanding himself for dwelling on a history he couldn’t change.
“Shh, don’t move, you’ll rupture all that fine work, Captain.”
Stefen looked toward the boy with alarm crawling all over his face and choked on a swallow of coffee. Tony did not feel at all bad for him, but at least he stifled his snicker. Unlike Bakhuizen.
It was like they were crouched in wait he realized as he passed the black car and the man sitting in it, pretending to read a newspaper. They were holding their breath for a signal, and Bucky could feel the anticipation for it crackling against his skin.
“My father got arrested so my mother’s sending me away.” Daniel offered up; despite the stony silence he was met with in return. He seemed to need to talk, just to hear his own voice. “It’s just for a little while though, until she can get my father out of prison and it’s safe for Jews in Germany again. I’d rather have stayed with her. I don’t know how she’s going to handle the farm without me.”
Tony could have made a fair guess at this stage but he wanted to hear it in Stefen's words. He shook his head and Stefen nodded, as if he'd been expecting just that answer before saying, "There is a saying among my people, 'when I die, burry me standing. I have been on my knees all my life.'
Normally that ‘hear no argument’ tone would have begun to grate on Tony’s nerves but he couldn’t bring himself there quite yet. He was too fond of the man, and currently pressed too close not to observe all the telltale signs of vulnerability Stefen probably didn’t even know he possessed.
“I would say nothing more until you are officially questioned.” The officer warned him and Péter’s horrified babble cut away as silence descended over them all. Tony opened his eyes, watching as the officer looked over the children, warning them in a low serious tone, “Be very careful of what you say from now on. Given that you are children, the administration understands you had little choice in the matter. We are willing to hear your side of things. I’m sure you’re all loyal Germans, but until you are cleared and it is decided what will be done with you, you will remain here under house arrest.”
When he’d closed it behind her Tony stood for a moment with his heart thudding as his mind tore apart every word she’d said and every facial expression he’d observed, looking for some hint as to what was to come.
“Like what? Swimming in a still lake with a child?”
Tiberius turned to Fil with a smug smirk.
“Quiet, I’m telling you a story. As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted, Mama always lit one candle in my window and told father it was because I was afraid of the Christmas demon. Every year she’d keep the light burning during Chanukah until the excuse should have embarrassed me but...I think I liked it, the light. I missed it at the Abby, more than I realized.”
He would do what he had to in order to get the job done and when this was over he was leaving the army, and going home to his family. Whatever had gotten so bent inside him could be faced, so long as he was with them. Soldiers come home with irritable hearts, Bucky’s mother used to say. Well irritable hearts be damned.
Perhaps to be encouraging Tony had asked the children to each write a letter to their father detailing their day when he’d sent his last correspondence, hoping it would prevail upon Stefen if not to come home where he was sorely missed, then to at least open the lines of communication between him and the children.
“I have to inject it right into the muscle. It burns, but it all needs to get in.”
The rest of dinner passed in a subdued manner and Tony was quiet, favoring his drink over conversation. The drive home had been just as bad.
“He should, Péter.”
Virginia loosened his grip, tutting at him as she patted his hand gently, her gaze heavy. Steve thought she might have guessed the truth.
Their stupid cake couldn’t compare to the cakes they used to eat at home, and it was silly to pretend as if it did. That’s all Tony wanted them to do, was pretend like they didn’t know things were bad and father was never coming back. And his brothers and sisters all fell for it, spending the evening playing silly games of hide and seek, singing stupid songs, and dancing like they didn’t have a care in the world.
"Gone?! How could they possibly be gone?" the captain demanded, his face white with the same dread that had already turned to grim resolve in the pit of the lieutenant's stomach. It was a good question. How had Bakhuizen managed to sneak them out without Deiter's notice? Bakhuizen had been sat at the bar the whole time. The entire escort had been in the street to watch the door, and from his seat any accomplices would have had to march the children right past Deiter to exit via a kitchen door. He'd have seen any of the children heading for the washroom for that matter, he realized with a jolt, the hurt of betrayal blossoming in his chest. He turned back into the cafe - meeting the fearful eyes of its few remaining patrons as he racked his gaze through the dining room.
, Capitano.” Tony panted, surging up in his lap, pressing kiss after desperate kiss against those willing lips - those unfairly kissable, beautiful things that could drive him mad with stubbornness and strip away all his defenses with just a few words.  “God, I love you.”
Tony wasn't sure if the ache in his heart was from hope or fear. Perhaps it was both.
He’d seemed to like Péter… Péter liked him.
Four years! Tony gaped. For all of this? The man was insane.
And that was in part how, not for the first time in his life (nor even in the last week) Tony Stark found himself staring down into the sullen face of an unwilling pupil.
“Antony.” Vonkov practically growled and Steve could feel the tension reverberating off of Tony, though the monk’s expression stayed politely placid as he returned Vonkov’s greeting stiffly.
“And housekeepers never sample the masters liquor. Pepper you naughty girl.” Stark teased, reaching for the bottle, or maybe Virgina herself it was hard to tell. Either way Virginia swatted away his groping hand and set the bottle on the desk before sitting primly down and pouring herself a glass.
“Of course he does. The General left him little choice but to agree to it.” Stark replied and Bucky’s stomach went cold. That was it then. They’d known it would be, but it was really sinking in now. No more keeping the kids out of it. But that was Schmidt’s whole point wasn’t it. He didn’t give a rat’s ass about actually hearing them sing.
His eyes fell on the mandolin rested in the corner next to the sofa. Tony's fingers itched to touch it. A few more steps in and his eyes caught the paintings lining the walls. Landscapes mostly, Tony particularly liked a cluster of three small landscapes just above the resting mandolin that featured the harbor at different times in the day.
Tony snickered into his wine and Steve grit his teeth.
, I promise.”
"Of course, we must all leave Dr. Fischer to his work. Julia will you see that cook has some refreshments prepared?"
On a scale of 1 to 10 how handled are Steve Roger's problems right now?
The next morning Natacha and her siblings got on a train to return home to Salzburg with Charlotte just as their father had asked. The baroness did not act as if she and Father had argued. She was very good at smiling and pretending nothing was wrong. Maybe even better than her Natacha admitted with grudging respect.
Back then it had infuriated him, Bruce’s unwillingness to push the experiment further, to do something that could mean the end of countless suffering and pointless deaths. Tony might even have continued on without him if Bruce hadn’t known him so well. He’d locked all of the necessary materials away in his office and slept there to prevent Tony sneaking in- Bruce had Dr. Pym’s letters! Bruce kept all of the supplies for the abbey infirmary in his office and Bruce had Dr. Pym’s notes!
“You’re not a gullible child like your brothers. You’re old enough to know better, aren’t you Ian?”
Ian blinked, taken aback, but nodded seriously. He bit the corner of his lip to stave off a tender grin of elation. Tony was glad for it, but couldn’t help the guilt jabbing at him as he wondered if that was how the other children felt as well. Did they all think he’d been avoiding them?
*~*~*
Tony's gaze moved past the doctor and landed on a skinny young man, probably no older than twenty, who was strapped to a bed nearby, needles and tubes protruding from his skin while a bright blue liquid was pumped into his veins. He stared blankly back at Tony, either unseeing or not enough presence to care. Tony shivered.
He forced himself to get up and ignored the voice in his head that sounded like Tony, quipping that it wasn’t safe anywhere.
“Why don’t you light a candle?” Stefen offered after a long moment, reaching down to squeeze gently the arm Tony still had wrapped around him before sliding his hand up and over his. The touch drew Tony out of the gloomy pit of memory, and he reached with his free hand to stroke his fingers down the column of Stefen’s neck, chagrined that his attempt to get him to talk about the nightmares that chased him had turned around on him, but grateful beyond words for the understanding he saw reflected back at him in Stefen’s soft gaze.
“No it’s me, Artur!” the boy laughed at Bucky’s teasing and began to wriggle desperately in Bucky’s arms as Bucky began to mercilessly tickle his side, the boy dangerously tipping back and forth.
"We were tearing the country apart. A civil war was the last thing we needed after the great war Buck. I was trying to - " Steve tried but Bucky waved his words away impatiently.
“No, it’s Herr Boesch, who brings the milk. Well the order didn’t come this morning which I told Frau Hogan was terribly unprofessional.” Hammer began to explain in a rush of excitement. He paused only momentarily at the sound of Pepper’s rapid footsteps and the woman’s appearance in the kitchen door, Harold just behind her.
“Your father has got to go. There’s no stopping that, very important business, can’t be avoided; but that doesn’t mean we’ve all just got to sit around like moldy lumps on a log missing him, do we?”
Natacha would typically be his go to source of information. He trusted her instincts and her insights, young as she was, but on this particular issue his gut told him that James was the one he needed to talk to. Natacha was struggling with a lot of things right now and any one of those things might color her perception.
Stefen watched Tony’s mouth move as he quietly sang the words to the old love song, a lover’s promise to another that they would go together into any brave new world, across any vast ocean, and that even separated, even then, they’d still be together. The light guiding each other home.
“Shh quiet. If you wake Pepper we’ll all be in trouble.”
He disappeared back into the house and Bucky relaxed a fraction, fingers still tight over the girl’s face.
elephants.
Tony began putting away the books that Pepper had provided ignoring the stupefied and lost expressions on the children’s faces (minus James who still looked sullen).
Was he blushing? Tony’s face felt hot, was he blushing? Was he, a fully grown adult flushing like a schoolgirl?  He blinked hard, trying to clear his thoughts.
“First, we must ask Captain, are you positive of the validity of the letter?” Siv asked, her dark eyes boring into his to ferret out lies and omissions. Steve didn’t doubt that she was not someone easily fooled or taken advantage of. Thankfully neither was he.
Right. Tony’s eyes stung and he blinked away the sensation. Leave it to Stefen’s children, to show him what bravery was.
Everything had gotten away from him so quickly.
