“Cas you ignorant slut.” Charlie said. “It will take ages to get everyone’s numbers and talk to them.”
“You had a vision, didn’t you?” Hunter asked. “What happens?”
“Oh Castiel. You didn’t know what happened?” Mrs. Kline asked in a sad tone.
Castiel had returned from a supplies’ run, to find the main office of the building to have only one chair in it, and the lights dimmed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We want to use the pool, but Cassie isn’t allowing us.” Balth replied.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. The heart attack combo your sister and her friend like. Say, where are they?”
“Tried to suffocate me.” Dean muttered.
“Pizza’s here!  Now let’s begun our party!”
“GIVE US A SLICE!” Jo exclaimed. “Go cut it douchewad.”
Everything was going smooth, until dinner when Ellen came to Dean. “Dean! Mary is fussing a lot. She pooped herself but turns out we are out of diapers. What can we do?”
Team Free Will is on a witch hunt, that ends easy the first time.
“Eliot! Calm down… what’s wrong?” Krissy asked. The commotion had gotten both the twins and Cas to turn their attention from the TV to Eliot and Krissy, from the couch.
“Dean!” Cas slid to Dean, crashing into his chest, and Dean, with the numerous practices, enveloped him easily in his arms. “They are spying on us.” Dean pulled back to see Cas’ face because…
And so that’s where they were. In the bunker with Bobby, Sam, and Dean, ending their retell of their story, and Cas braving himself to face the rage brewing on the threes’ face.
"Those are meant to be taken before your out starts. Taking them after could get you killed and believe me when I say no one wants you dead.”
After the parade, Auntie Christine spoke up. “It’s time we leave now. Let’s go!” Everyone got up and walked towards the exit, including Krissy. While others were setting the things they got today, Belphie and Krissy entered the car, without other’s knowing.
“Change of plans Cassie!” Gabe exclaimed. “Turns out Dean is on his way, and so are his family, unknowing to Dean. We are taking the bedroom with the window, to sneak in the people. Vamanos amigos, let’s hoard the room!”
“No problem. We have nothing much to do today. We can go out somewhere or sleep in. What do you guys wanna do?”
The way Cas said, ‘Thank you’, with big, wide blue eyes, and a gummy smile, made Dean lose control. Dean faltered and tripped on air, falling on the bed… with Cas under him. They were now more than an inch closer together. Dean’s breathe became erratic, and he could hear Cas’ fasten up too.
“Castiel Milton.”
“I see that your name is Dean. Dean W. as written in the books that fell from your hands when you fell.” The boy said.
“I know kid. How it feels to lose someone.” Bobby said as he walked towards him. “I am sorry Dean. I didn’t know he was going to do-”
“Oh shit!” The two ran away as the dog pile was finally dissolved and Dean was free.
“You look good Dean.” Cas said and continued, not noticing Dean’s blush, “Sam is in the restroom, and Bobby said he had some research to do. Hope it was okay I came to help.”
“Chili fries? For breakfast?” Dean asked skeptically. “Who are you and what have you done with my brother?”
“Bobby.” Jody said. “Could you um-” Dean heard Jody say before the door slammed closed.
“And food!” Loki said, holding the takeout up.
Cas caught the last few words and Cas nodded, deducing Eileen was asking whether he was Angel.
Sam checked the clock and found it to be 5. Maybe Castiel had a curfew. “Sure man. We’ll do the rest. You have done a lot already. By the way, join us in lunch tomorrow.” Sam beamed.
“That’s… funny. Coz I was crushing on the teacher that was making Jack and Belphie laugh during English.” Cas said with an amused smile.
Deanna made it her mission to beat Dean’s ass and claim Castiel for herself. They both loved each other. Well their alter egos, but still. If Dean wasn’t going to get it on with Castiel, and Castielle was more intrigued with Dean than herself, then Deanna decided that Castiel and herself will finally have their happiness. They will finally get together and work on their feelings, that they were brave enough to share. This is it. Castiel and Deanna are finally going to have their happily ever after.
He also found Clark to be protective of Jack, which first bristled Belphie a lot because… that was his job. However, if Belphie wasn’t with Jack, Clark was always there, subtly trying to take care of Jack, and Belphie… he vibes with that. It took 6 months for Belphie to accept Clark, and yet Jack has been oblivious to Clark’s moves, but had been happier with Clark, than with Alfie or Adam. Belphie had a talk with his father in February.
“First of all, I didn’t take her to the bees, and second of all, he isn’t my angel. He is Cas, and Cas is… Cas.” He defended, weakly.
“That day if only Dorothy had mentioned your name…” Dean gasped in a breath, “Everything would have been different!” Dean facepalmed as he said, “It’s all my bad fate.”
Cas went to the entrance of the barn and was about to open it when he remembered what Zar had said. He had to honor his two friends. So, he did what his friends would do the best; show off and flirt.
“Where are you Kelly? Your parents are so worried!” Cas then asked, “Are you safe?”
“Strategist Charlie, come on.” Dean muttered but did as he said so.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam shut his mouth. That was true. All the times Dean told him about Angel, he complained about how he finished the job even not caring about it. Maybe Angel did mean more than an annoying Fighter to Dean. “Fine. But three days is too long. He eats only a little from the plates we give him, and whenever I try to talk to him, he just ignores me.”
“And I told them how I loved to belt out rock music, and AC/DC rocks, and how I wear sunglasses because my eyes are just voids.” Belphie laughed, then his voice turned serious. “There was this boy though Papa, when Jack finished introducing himself, he said ‘wow’ and had this look that I didn’t like.”
School had ended and in 5 minutes the Basketball game would start. Belphie had tried to escape home, knowing Krissy wouldn’t be joining when Clark, Adam, and Alfie found him and told to come and cheer the game. He was about to leave but Claire came and dragged his ass into the gym. He found the rest of the gang sitting there, Max and Stacy holding a ‘GO KRISSY!’ banner while Eliot, Alex, and Patience were holding a ‘GO JACOB!’ banner.
Dean turned to find Cas scowling at the tabletop, and not meeting his eyes. But Cas could see what Dean was doing in his peripheral vision. Dean then turned to Benny and smiled, “Mr. Messenger,” he motioned Benny to bend down, who did so, “Please go tell that special fan that songs are played in the radios only when the fans request it directly.” Dean then turned to Cas, who was now looking up, and smiled before getting to the front of the class.
“I am really happy for you Dean. I know you will be a great teacher and will have an awesome year.” Dean was saved from replying when Charlie yelled ‘Montage Time’ and the house filled with the starting tune of Walking on Sunshine.
“Name’s Dean, Dean Winchester.”
, Belphie’s mind supplied, helpfully. He gripped Jack’s shoulder and made him sit, and forcing Jack to face towards the board, and not the boy.
“Yeah, Jack and I call the doctor Werewolf. The first time we came here was trick or treating on Halloween. He was wearing a werewolf costume, so yeah, he is werewolf.”
.” Loki said.
Belphie was rooted his spot and couldn’t speak. He felt ecstatic that Krissy liked him back that he couldn’t do anything. He knew Krissy was speaking to him, but his blood rushing was louder.
“Damn you, Samantha.” Crowlie muttered to himself.
“To be honest we didn’t believe you guys were dating. But on Thursday during lunch.  Belphie was late for lunch and had asked where you were. Alex and Patience said you weren’t coming, so Belphie went to search for you. And you know, our gang being us, followed Belphie and found… we saw you and Jacob, on top of each other, fallen to the ground, smiling and giggling. Belphie was there too.”
The case in Lake Manitoc had gotten Angel in the radar too. The Men of Letters were already aware of Angel because of Bobby, who of course asked Castiel before sharing his reports with the group. School was in a buzz wondering who Angel was. The gang had been contemplating too, and Eileen didn’t learn about Angel’s identity until the last week of May.
“Hey! Bad Boy’s first impression of me should be me in all my glory.” “True that.” Deanna and Dean said. Cas rolled his eyes and continued.
“I know Dean, but they are our family. And I trust them.” Cas said. The two looked at each other before Dean nodded.
“Good morning.” A raspy voice said from above, disturbing Deanna’s thoughts.
“Cas, we have to check right now!”
“I DON’T WANNA SEE THAT! Come out. I haven’t told Bobby yet.” Sam said as he ran to the main room. Dean changed quickly and followed Sam, to find Bobby beaming at Sam proudly, while Sam was genuinely radiating excitement. “Dean! Come here. I can’t wait to read the email.”
“Sure… lead the way.” Jody said as she followed him into the kitchen.
Cas stumbles into his childhood hometown: Lawrence, Kansas.
“You don’t know me?”
“What happened then?” Gabe asked as he sat near Rowena, who was crying silently and had fallen to the ground in the midst of her monologue. He rubbed her arm in an encouraging manner.
“Yeah Papa. He was nothing like Douche-ler. Sorry,” Jack said when Castiel called him out as a warning, while Belphie snickered, “He came into the class-”
“GET EDUCATED ADAM!” Alfie’s voice echoed through the building.
“I’m pregnant.” Cas said as he clutched his stomach and exited the bathroom.
Cas looked through the rear-view mirror to find Dean staring a Cas with a feral look, who was oblivious to what was happening, and was staring at the trees passing by them.
“Castiel, meet Dean. Dean, meet Castiel. He will show you around and tell you what chores you have. Castiel, he will be doing the same thing you are doing. Ok?” Sonny addressed the two. The two nodded. “Good. Dean, we will go buy some clothes for you. Dinner will be ready in a couple of hours.”
“We have no time.” Hunter said. “Angel, do you know where the bones are?”
Cas finally sat up; his hair all mused up. “What are you guys talking about?”
“That’s what they did Dean.”
“Uncle Bobby?” Dean called. And Bobby knew Dean wanted something. He grunted his acknowledgement. “I was thinking that maybe Sammy, Cas, and I should meet with the Men of Letters and Warriors. You know, learn about how they work and also get them to help us. Like you do.”
Castiel had asked Belphie if he wanted Castiel to drop him at Claire’s or Adam’s or Alfie’s, but Belphie had said he wanted to spend time alone at home.
“I apologize.” Cas nodded then looked at the stands’ contents. “Sir?” The dude groaned as he turned towards Cas. “Why are these women naked?”
Dean patted her back, not knowing what to do. “No problem Cas, meet you at dinner.” He said, both residing to their rooms, after a final nod.
“It’s almost night.” Sam said smiling. “Anyways, my name is Sam.”
The day of delivery came quickly and had been smooth yet surprising.
“Okay! Okay!” Cas caught the key and dashed out, not noticing Dean’s scowl directed towards Sam.
“YOU ARE SUCH AN IDIOT! I am not a moron who isn’t aware of her feelings! Stop analyzing me and hear what I am trying to say!” And she was an idiot too. She too had thought about how Belphie would say ok because he thinks he should make her happy. Well now that she was on the other side of making assumptions, she hated it.
“Cassie-”
“Hey Dean. What’s with the ring?”
Is this what Ya Boii wanted him to see? Belphie, not knowing what to do, left for class. He was quiet for the last two classes, sulking and not trying to talk with the others. The ride home was really tense, with Belphie and Krissy ignoring each other, while the others talked with one and other.
“Castiel!” Dorothy appeared to Charlie’s side. “It’s so good to meet you finally in person.”
“Your souls?!”
“Thank you, Ellen.” Psychic said but Ellen gave a look that clearly said, ‘I don’t need your thanks boy.’ Psychic fiddled with his pant as he said, “Next?”
Gabriel winced as he heard Castiel yelling from the basement. “Why do you do this? Why do you and Nick do this?” Gabriel yelled from where he was tied.
“Cas,” Dean breathed out, “Have you left?”
“Tell me Dean, you need anything?” Cas’ calm tone was grating Dean’s ears.
“Don’t confront Cas. Deal?”
“No problem Jody… Donna.” Bobby said, as Sam and Dean smiled in response.
The students were vibrating with excitement, to say the least. Dean noticed the kids from the morning sitting in the front row. They looked really familiar. Dean didn’t know why, but he felt at ease with them. This was his first class for the day, and he was nervous. He talked with Charlie during break and was stuffing himself with donuts (he was a nervous eater. Give him a break.) Charlie had a free period, so she didn’t warn Dean that the bell was about to go. Dean grabbed everything in one go and ran to his room, practicing to say Dean Campbell, and not Winchester.
“Yeah. She's worried about you. Are you okay?”
“That’s actually a nice idea. The guys will be happy to show themselves off. I just need to find someone to do the commentating and stuff. This is awesome.” Dean visibly brightened and Bobby was happy. “Thank you, Bobby.” Dean said hugging him.
Jack was annoyed that he knew who Krissy liked but Belphie didn’t know yet. Belphie was analyzing every guy and girl in school trying to see who Krissy would like. At least Operation Communication Breakdown was going to happen today. The gang had decided to get Belphie to the basketball game to support the ‘school.’ Jacob had said that Krissy and him always went to their respective changing rooms after everyone exited to get some privacy. So that was the plan. Make sure everyone was out, then get Krissy and Belphie stuck in the room and force them to talk. A little old school but it has a 100% of success rate… in movies.
“It looks scrumptious!” The man said. He suddenly doubled over in pain and said, “Oh! It’s my back. Darn thing’s giving me fits.”
I love Belphie... That's it. That's the summary.
“I don’t want to go back,” Castielle whispered, a beat later, in a shaking voice, “I can’t look at the chance I missed. I don’t want to enter the bunker, finding those two together. And I can’t and will not stand listening to anyone to calling me Elle.” Castielle ended in a yell. Dean couldn’t help but laugh at the last comment. He agreed though. He didn’t want to go back to the bunker too. It was almost three. They had left at one. Well they could do something. Dean turned Baby around, driving to the one place he had grown fond of.
“I don’t know. It felt right, at the moment. Thinking about the babies and stuff. But when you say it, I think we can cross that out.”
“- what Imabel said. The first trial was a trailer to the real picture. Maybe the MO didn’t change. Call me back, after a week Moose.”
“Alright that’s enough.” The Gabe in front of Lucifer said, as the real one came behind him and stuck a knife right through his back and heart. Lucifer turned around, as Gabe came back to the group, tiredly, holding Kali’s hand. “Enjoy life with Adam, Nick.” Gabe was about to say where they were teleporting so Cas could get Zar and Meg there when-
“Dean we are in Heaven.”
“Besides the ghost of the psychic hunting us down to kill us all?” Shaggy asked.
“Your email id, height, weight, etc. Share. Now.” Dean demanded.
Loki took a sharp breath in and sighed, trying to calm himself from crying at Cas’ reaction to seeing him. He put on a smile and said.
But the bird shook his head sadly.
“See this is what I am saying.” Zar said. “You fucking ravished us both, seconds ago, and now you are blushing like a virgin.” Meg nudged Zar with her elbow as she sniggered silently, while Cas glared at the two.
The labor fiasco took the stress of finals exam off Dean. The last exam was on May 27
“Wow. Who is this guy?” Bobby mused.
“Dean!” Charlie poked her head into the English department office, beaming happily. Dean had talked with her during his talks with Sam. The first time he met her was when Sam and Jess had come to dad’s funeral. She was like the little sister he never wanted. They bonded over their love for pop culture, a habit of making references to said pop culture, LARPing, and a very similar taste in women.
Dean and Cas went to their room, basking in the day’s fun.
“Cas, chill,” Dean chuckled, “I have been riding these roads crapload times, and besides, I wouldn’t even forgive myself if I crashed my Baby. Isn’t that right Baby.” Castielle rolled her eyes as Dean cooed to Baby’s dashboard. “Anyway, are you hungry? We could grab us some takeout and –“
"Ellen? Who is this?" Bobby asked.
“The first time I met you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They were in Wichita, Kansas. The group had met in the Arkansas River, a spot direct opposite to Wichita Art Museum. The students had the option of exploring the Old Cowton Museum and the Keeper of the Plains statue. Because it was a Saturday, the fees to the museum were free, allowing the students to take photos without expenditure.
“- Bel will isolate himself because he would want the gang to not get disrupted –“
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bye.” He smiled and turned but before he could move Eileen stopped him.
“Is it time?” Dean asked.
and Sam was happy he wasn’t going to deal with the Destiel lovefest in every fight. Cas had stopped erasing memories but most of the Fights they had, they had intercepted even before the monsters had gotten a victim. Loki said he had left his fighting days back in the 19
Dean looked at me with worry before asking. “Why are you sweating so much? What did anyone do to you now?” I gently shoved Sam, Gabe, and Charlie’s restrain on me, as it felt confining.
It was Thanksgiving. The gang weren’t aware of the improvement between Belphie and Krissy until Jack told them, a week later. Everyone had congratulated them except Claire who had asked, “Is that how resolved sexual tension looks between you two?” Everything was the same between Belphie and Krissy. Except they had started holding hands under tables., rarely hugging. The two were still having concerns on whether the other liked them really or were just doing to make sure the other was happy.
“What is it, Sam?” Cas asked.
He then glared at Cas and took determined strides towards him. Cas opened the door and moved back, as Dean walked closer. Dean shut the door and literally kicked Cas’ ass. “You. Complete. Ass! Castiel!” Cas chuckled as Dean repeatedly slapped his back. “Is it wrong that I wanted to talk to you?!”
“Awesome Bobby. Seriously! Everyone loved the idea. We added a little extra fee to get best seats and all the seats have been snagged already.” Dean said.
Sam and Dean startled when a crash was heard inside the house. They turned to find a really confused Cas sitting (or haphazardly dropped) next to a beaming Jack on the sofa.
“I am Loki. Prince of Asgard… Odinson… The rightful king of Jotunheim, God of Mischief, and best of all, the owner of this humble store; The Trickster Treats.”
“It was an accident. Peter was the smallest one. I always bullied him, but this time, it got rough. I was holding his head under the water. I didn’t mean to, but I held him under too long and he drowned. I let the body go and it sank.” Jake said. “Oh, Andrea, I was just a kid. I was so scared. It was a mistake. But, Andrea, to say I have anything to do with Lucas’ drowning? It’s not rational.”
Dean called Cas as soon as Krissy left. He told him what had happened, and Cas was shocked. He didn’t know why Belphie would say something like that. He had asked Dean to talk with Belphie when he was free and find out what had happened.  Dean decided to call in Belphie during lunch and talk with him. There was something wrong with this situation and Dean was going to get to the root of it.
“Bobby will call the nurse; you calm down that boy.” Bobby muttered something as he got up to go get the nurse.
It was Deanna’s turn to now turn red, as Castielle stared at her with an amused smile. “Thanks a lot, Castiel.” Deanna mumbled. Castielle leaned down to peck at her lips, “I find it endearing. But next time you want help getting out of your clothes, tell me.” Castielle winked, getting up to get some water for herself, as Deanna stared at her in awe.
“So, we know it’s Jacob Karns. But we still don’t know where he’ll manifest next. Or why.” Sam stated.
“Honestly, I am happy Benny mentioned the wedding planners to us. They have been so accommodative. We all have gotten rooms for 3 days before the wedding. Brady, our college friend, is a DJ, and was creating issues about the venue’s equipment, so they helped with it too. They informed the venue staffs that we have a new baby with us, so they have fixed Jess’ room to have a diaper changing room and to be near Bobby and Ellen’s room so they can help Jess whenever they want. Dean and Jo, my best m-, best people, are sharing a room with me, while Charlie and Gilda, maid of honors, are sharing a room with Jess. The planners have been really awesome.” Sam said.
Dean suggested a karaoke session, it being a tradition between their friends, and believed it would take up at least 2 hours, leaving the last hour for the strippers. With this decided, Dean had been happy he contributed to the wedding in some way, not realizing most of the decisions taken were because of him.
“So, you want both of us to be your first kiss?” Meg asked stopping Cas’ rambling. Cas nodded shyly.
“I’ve got the Kielbasa you’ve ordered.”
Cas was teary-eyed at that confession. But there was still something he wanted to know. “What about me?” He asked in a hushed voice.
“Guys! What are you doing here?”
“No dammit, I mean I ‘like’ like you, more than friends.”
“Hey, I am also letting them have whatever they want. For a while.” Mabel reasoned.
His last try was with Lisa. It wasn’t a try, to be honest. It was keeping his word. Sam, before he went to hell, had made Dean promise that he will lead a normal life because that’s what Dean wanted. Well, Sam didn’t ask what Dean wanted, he told what Dean ‘had’ wanted, Lisa. He loved Ben and he loved Lisa, but he didn’t want that. Bobby was also convinced that Dean had escaped the hunter lifestyle, but Dean never wanted to escape. He wanted to hunt. He wanted to gank the sons of bitches that lurked the streets, and with an angel (now ex-angel) at disposal, it would have been awesome.
“What?!” Dean exclaimed.
It was when he was waiting in the single ride line for The Haunted Mansion, a girl bumped into him. Belphie, already annoyed, was pissed now. “Watch where you are going!” He turned to find a girl his age with brown hair trying to hide from someone. “Who are you? What are you doing?”
Dean left the note on his pillow, and kissed Cas’ forehead. He left the building and looked at Sonny’s home longingly. The Impala’s horn honked, getting Dean out of his reverie. He turned to find Sammy holding a plane or spaceship out the window of the car. Dean walked to the car, and as Sam noticed him, he beamed happily.
“I wanted to know if you were ok with the two getting together.”
“How did you know I was Hunter?” Dean asked.
"Ash you fucking idiot," Ellen sighed as she now copied her son and rubbed her face. "I so want to go and tell everyone who pressured you to be an Alpha to fuck off but I can't. So here's what I am going to say." Ellen this time didn't hesitate to take Ash's hand in hers. "You are my son. Whether you like it or not, you are my son. A wonderful son, a wonderful brother, and overall a wonderful man. I don't care that you are not an Alpha, a Beta, nor an Omega. All I care about is that you are my son, the one I carried for 9 months, and my love for you is never gonna change. I am sorry I talked with Bobby and made you think I had decided how you have to live your life. In reality, I just wanted the best for you, and I just got carried away in my imagination. But remember I really don't care who you become as long as you are happy. I love you and will always love you." Ellen smiled, and Ash returned it with a teary smile.
“Me too, Gabe.” Castiel said. “And it was nice meeting you Rowena. Anyway, when are we going to school?”
Both Dean and Cas shouted each other’s name as they let themselves go. Cas fell to Dean’s side, as Dean turned to Cas. “That was… awesome, Cas.”
“How are you gonna become Belphie?”
“Huh… interesting.” Hunter leaned to reach around to loop the piece of clothing around Cas and paused when he realized he was hugging him.
“Yeah.” Cas said, “And now you love me.” He smiled and teleported them before Sam could retort.
“What is going on here?” Ellen asked as she got connected. Other voices started to crackle through the phone, while Dean remained muted. As soon as everyone got connected, Dean lifted his phone and said,
“I don’t know. I called him but he didn’t answer so I texted him.” Sam said. “No acknowledgement either.”
Lisa was a one-night stand in some drunken party. She had met up with him next day and kissed him in front of the school. The football team had wolf-whistled and Lisa being the head cheerleader, Dean and she tried to put the cliched relationship to the trial. They did have a great time at the beginning but then she started to show Dean off everywhere. She had brought him to her girls’ party and used him as an arm candy. Sure, Dean was used to being the pretty boy, but he had wished his partner wouldn’t do the same.  Though their relationship started as a show-off, they had actually started having great, intimate times. Lisa had made it look like she wasn’t in the relationship for Dean the popular Jock, but just Dean. As their relationship started to fizzle out, Lisa had started using him as an arm-candy and nothing more. Dean had shared his thoughts with her, and she realized what she was doing was just to hang on to their relationship but at the end they decided to split up.
“Mom used to call us her angels. Well, I heard her call us angels.” Cas said. “She was interested in the language of angels, so she taught me about it.”
Like I said, I am sorry.
Dean’s favorite days were Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Those were the days Dean had class with the twins. It was really fun to see the twins and interact with them. The first Wednesday was uneventful, except for the fact that Clark was making googly eyes at Jack and Belphie glared at him. Dean didn’t know why but he didn’t like that Clark was trying to make a move on Jack. He felt protective of the twins. It was weird. If it had been any other kid, Dean would have thought it was cute how puppy-love was, but with Jack and Belphie, he wanted to protect them, and not let them grow up fast. Dean told Charlie about it, who replied with “You are just a sap with a soft spot for the twins. Let my ship sail.” (“Your ship?” “It’s fandom talk-” “I know what it is, but you ship your students?” “Shut up.”)
“Good.”
“That’s great!” Dean said. “Well I’m beat. Gotta auction myself tomorrow so gotta get my beauty sleep.” Dean left as he winked.
The three left the Grim-Nook family alone in Castiel’s room and went to the main office, basking in the emotions of the day.
“I think I need a drink.” Deanna says, officially ending the silence. “Join me at the table, I’ll go wake up Sammy.”
“Ok. But still I am not buying it. SO, tell me what the real reason is!”
“Call me Michael.” Michael said. “And whatever dad did… it was for the good.”
“Don’t have unnecessary thoughts Charlie!” Cas jeered back. “I will just talk with him for old time sake.” Cas smiled wistfully and excitedly.
Dean looked out to find Alastair smirking at him. Alastair had been a pain in the butt since day one of his time in MSM. The dude had followed Dean everywhere and anywhere, once even into the bathroom, telling him he had pretty lips that would be best stretched around his cock. Dean wanted to get a restraining order against this asshole but there was no solid evidence that he was taunting Dean. He always stood outside their building, smiling and smirking at him, trying to get it on with him.
“Belphie and Jackie! They are so cute, I love them. I had them for Geek Club during elementary school. You know they call me Tauriel, because Jack says I am free-spirited, mingle with everyone, and fight for the right thing. Belphie just winked and said I am a hot red-headed lady. Kind of reminded me of you. Then I told him that he was barking up the wrong tree. You know what he said? He said that if all girls looked the way I did, he wouldn’t judge, and he understands.” Charlie and Dean started laughing. Dean couldn’t believe that a couple of 10 years old talked like that. Jack was the chaotic good when Belphie was the chaotic evil.
“I didn’t know Castiel. We did go to the hospital to get insurance, but they did a normal checkup.” Sonny said.
"Fucked up?"
Dean glanced down at his phone. It was flashing due to a new message. He knew exactly who it was. A small smile worked it's way on to his face. Without thinking, Dean opened the message. It was a very confused looking Castiel, dressed in his police uniform, angel wings behind him that had been drawn on to the building years ago. The next photo was Gabriel taking a selfie mid Cas trying to talk. Dean took a deep breath, thanking whoever he needed for the brothers. Chuck was waiting patiently for him to continue with his story about Sam or maybe the taking. Dean knew eventually it all had to come out. So, he chose the easier story to continue. The one where Sam punched his dad, cried for a few hours and then finally accepted Dean was real.
Well then. As Cas huffed and took out his phone, no doubt calling his parents, Dean felt the thickness of the evening creep in. His breath was coming in short. He had been lost again. But this time he did it to himself. Did he get himself lost the first time as well? Dean barked out a rough laugh, startling himself. He felt dizzy.
"Ah, uh, I asked if you were doing okay? Yknow? Since you got home?"
"Love you, sunshine. Talk later."
"You can have it."
Sam had tears in his eyes and of course that made Dean recoil. That sadness isn’t for him. Its for the brother he lost. This Dean doesn’t deserve emotions. He picked at his fingers, a bad habit he paid for after his anxiety took him over one too many times. Sam just sat with him well into the night, softly telling him about his life. The life he was forced to have after Dean was taken. Though he did try to hide how hard it was for him , the younger man was never good at hiding things from his brother, so Dean took his hand, the only comfort he could provide.
"You saw me trip."
"Ah, probably catch up on laundry. Watch TV. Do my dishes," actually those really need done Dean shudders at the last time he really cleaned, "but other than that I am laying low, Red , what about you?"
Scrambled eggs for brains don’t make your legs work fast enough to exit without your mom looking worried. Dean guesses she will follow him eventually. But right now Cas is taking his plate to the kitchen, says something garbled to John making Mary follow them both to the kitchen. Sam is talking but Dean just feels static waves crashing over him. He pushes past his large brother. Something he will dance stupidly to later on. The steps are on clouds and hes suddenly in his room. Dean stares at the bed, the quilt, and the little collection of toys they never threw out. He stares at the race car a little long. Race cars don’t grow arms and wave. The exhaustion Dean feels finally wins. He hears shouting downstairs again. He will worry about that later.
"Yeah okay I heard you."
"Hello?"
The crowd exploded. Question after question hurled in their direction. Dean answered what he could, but kept getting distracted by nimble fingers tickling his sides. After a few more minutes he couldn't stand it.
"Half off at Zales?"
"W-What?"
“Sam- Sammy, c'mere” Dean croaked out. He hadn’t spoken too much in the past few hours, he needed to remember that was a requirement. His brother's laser focus was now on him. Dean got a good look at him now, tall and lanky and broad. Of course he still had the hair.
Going back home, Sam didn’t find Castiel to be standing in front of the convenience store. Maybe child services did get him. Dean and Sam reached home and asked Bobby if he got anything.
“You stay here.” Loki said, reading her mind. “I will go check.” Kali stood in the entrance of the basement. She hated Loki’s elder brothers. She wished she could disintegrate them into dust.
“What my friend is asking is that we just saw the painting somewhere else. And they claimed it to be the original.” Sam smiled tightly and turned to Cas giving a look. Cas stuck his tongue out, gaining Sam’s bitchface as a reply.
“Okay. So, Adam has his hand out for a handshake, right? Alfie reaches for the hand, then with all his force, pulls Adam to him that they are chest-to-chest. Then Alfie literally clings onto Adam and whispers ‘Truce’ in Adam’s ear. He then goes to sit in his chair like nothing happened. Adam is glued to where he was standing, rigid with his hands to his sides, eyes wide in fear and breathing stopped. He stood there what felt like hours, then walked to his chair in slow steps, trying to understand what the fuck had just happened. He sat there, eyes still wide in fear and unfocused, his hands rigid and supported by the desk, posture stiff, but now he was breathing heavily. When the bell rang, noting the class’ start, Adam jumped and then started looking everywhere, trying to figure out where tf he was. Then his eyes landed on Alfie, and then his eyes widened in realization. He started look everywhere except Alfie, finally settling his eyes on the desk, and his fingers fumbling with his notebook and pencil. Meanwhile Alfie was gazing out of the window, with no care to the world, and oblivious to what was happening to Adam.”
Until next time, bye :)))
“No one,” Dean stood straight fast, hitting his knee by the wall, “uh… nothing. Let’s go. I packed.” Dean hurriedly grabbed his stuff and ran out of the room.
“What’s happening?” Cas asked.
“Belphie… why are you thinking the way you are?”
Sam asked,
“Goodnight Bobby!” The two said as they returned to their rooms, getting Bobby’s grunt in response. How they got sleep was a mystery as their minds were filled with what Angel might be.
"Ellen…" Gabe trailed off in a tired voice before taking Meg's hand in his. "What I am trying to say is thank you. Thank you for letting me know that my brother is safe. And by the sound of it, you guys have grown close, so thank you for taking care of him." Gabe squeezed Meg's hand to show that he was genuinely thanking her.
“Yes. Why Belphie? Did he do anything wrong?”
“Wait… it’s coming from inside.” Velma said as she walked towards the staff door.
Who was Dean to say no?
"How did I not know you had a brother?" Charlie asked her mate, who was right now in the kitchen, downing a beer to forget this shitfest.
Dean played and sung ‘Brother’ by NEEDTOBREATHE, making Sam cry. As soon as Dean finished singing, he was attacked by a large, crying moose, in a big hug. Dean patted Sammy and whispered, “I am proud of you Sammy.”
“I like that idea. Rachel, could you get us some like what Jess just described.” Rachel nodded and left. “You know many just buy like full white wedding dresses. Why add black?”
“Not at all, go on.” The lady said, intrigued to see what he was going to do. The others looked curiously as Cas went to stand on the deck. He turned around with a calculating gaze, then turned his back on them, and casually did a 360-backflip without hands.
Team Free Will is on a witch hunt, that ends easy the first time.
“Everything will happen only according to one’s fate.” Cas heard Bobby’s voice. He looked up to find Bobby walking towards him. “Just concentrate on your work Sam.” Bobby covered the phone receiver as he said, “Sam wants to talk to you. I didn’t know the two were together. I wonder-”
It was at the start of August when Cas believed they were going to have their first fight, but it was something else.
“I’m good.” Dean said. “Unbelievable right? That we’d meet like this?” He asked a beat later.
“A medium sized one will do the job. An 8’, 10’, and 12’.” Gabe replied.
“Hi, I am good,” Sam responded with a smile, “Can I have the usual please? And two double bacon cheeseburger, with extra-“
“-and have decided to further their relationship with this marriage.” Bobby finished. “Exchange your vows now.”
“I swear to God, I didn’t know. I saw Belphie and Krissy cuddling in the backseat and screamed.” Belphie and Krissy blushed at that, while the lovebirds snickered. “I didn’t know who this girl was. What are we going to do?”
Cas looked at it. This was different from what he had seem with mom and dad. The two pressed their lips together. That’s it. But Meg and Zar were doing more than that. They were grabbing each other, their hips moving towards each other like they were magnets. They stroked their tongues together, teeth scraping against their lips. Sometimes, one of their lips disappeared as the other swallowed it. Meg hand brought her hands from Zar’s neck to his hair, tugging and pulling it, as Zar started mouthing at Meg’s neck. The sounds that came from each other were felt prohibited, but it brought a feeling in Cas too.
“Dean we are having the talk now.”
Shit. Few minutes into introduction and Dean had already given him a nickname. God he must look stupid. “Uh, yeah,” he chuckled nervously, rubbing the back of his neck, “I can stop.”
What the fuck?
. “Dad! No!” Lori yelled as she ran towards the door, and Psyhic saw Hunter land inside the house. Then it clicked in Psychic’s head.
“Where’s the light?” Hunter muttered to himself as he grazed his finger along the wall.
The ghost reached out to the lady and placed his hand on her face. The lady began coughing up water, as the spirit watched the lady fall to her knees. Hunter staggered over to her, as he yelled, “Angel! Read faster!”
“Why? I won’t tell anyone about you.”
“Same kid.” Bobby said, taking his baseball cap and rubbing his head. “But we agreed to do what he wants to or would like to do.” He put his cap on and got up. “Come on kid, let’s go.”
“You lucky dog! Who’d you fuck?” Charlie asked as he slapped Dean’s back.
Christmas and Bachelor Party was over. Charlie and Gilda were loving the whole fantasy look Chastity had. Dean blushed through the whole dance remembering what had happened, while Sam looked disturbed at Dean’s reminiscence. The kiss had helped Kris and Bel to be more comfortable with showcasing their affection for each other in front of people. It was one day before the wedding and everyone was helping in decorating the place into Moondor. Cas found Gabe and Balthazar mopping the grass in the lawn, where the wedding was going to take place. Cas called Dean in to understand if he knows what they are doing. Being at a loss, the two went towards them.
“I suggest you tell them in a group video call today. So, they have time to understand the situation. Tomorrow, when they come, they will be more open to the idea and not hurt you by accident.” Jess said.
“Great Cassie! He took me shopping, treats me like a queen, I am happy.” Kelly said genuinely. “You really don’t have to worry about us. Please Cassie, don’t tell anyone I called. We both are happy here and we want to just start newly. Freshly. I just called to ask what happened between you and Dean, and also say we should end our friendship.” She said in a deep breath.
“Dean.” Jack stopped him. “When you said that, that wasn’t you.”
Castiel was confused. What did sticky fingers mean? Sure, they got sticky when he used honey but nonetheless how does that get him sent to jail. He was confused. And moreover, he was curious as to what was the color of this man’s eyes. They were green, sure, but this was a green he has never seen before.
Meanwhile Dean and Charlie were hugging. “Be careful Red. Take care of my niece.” Dean warned.
“Angel.”
Charlie and Jo released him, and everyone moved towards him, except Cas.
He sat there crying, for a long time, as no response came from Kali. But another voice did come from behind him. “Darling? Are you alright?” Gabe turned to find a red head with heavy eye make up on, and bright red lips. “I can’t see properly in the dark, but I heard you crying.” She said with a thick Scottish or Ireland accent. Gabe didn’t know. He felt her crouch down near him and gasp. “Oh my! What happened?” She asked turning to Gabe, and then took another sharp inhale of breath. “My! You are not from here, are you?” She got up and said, “Come deary, I’ll take you to my place.” She took the bags that were splayed near them. “Get her and come with. Maybe I can help.”
“Yeah angel, we are not forcing you or anything.” Zar said. “You know what, we can just forget that Cassie.”
“What other explanation would you give for that situation. And by the way, it was Eliot who suggested it.” Jack said, trying to save himself from Krissy’s wrath.
“Uh, your face dude.” She said. “It’s all obscured. So, who are you?”
“We act.”
“Chow time, you freaky bastard! Yeah, that's right, bring it on, baby, I taste
Dean stared at Belphie incredulously before saying –
“Ready?” Hunter asked.
“Is it about your wedding?” Charlie asked as Dean started a video call to the group.
“Of course, I did. But wait there’s more. I want you to give the battle speech before we get down to battle.” Charlie beamed. Dean was speechless. He was going to cry. He enveloped Charlie in a bearhug. “Can’t… breath… Dean.” Charlie struggled. Dean pulled back and smiled. “Come on, strategist. Let’s do this!”
“No, we aren’t. I told you it’s all right.”
Gabe and Cas time :)
“Ah, I get it. Oh, I got to go. Hope the kid feels alright.”
“Well I think it’s something to do with the reverend’s daughter.” Bobby said.
Cas took a deep breath to gain some confidence before leaning in to kiss Dean’s cheek. “Yes really.” Cas whispered against Dean’s ear before pulling back.
“I could try-” Castiel was interrupted from finishing as Meg hurriedly got a chair and sat on it.
“Yes. I am your guys’ dad.”
“Why?”
“Oh my god! Dean! Remember our nickname for Sam.” Charlie exclaimed suddenly, and burst out laughing, and Dean joined in.
“Because I like her! I have liked her all these months dad.”
“Huh… I can’t sense him.” Gabe shrugged. “Wait, wait, Cassie. Look there.” Gabe said hitting Cas’ shoulder and pointing to a group of people in suits.
Cas grunted as he slid the bag over his shoulders. “Okay, you wait then. I will come and tell you.” Cas said before leaving Dean to stand alone there.
“Wait, Becky? You mean Becky Rosen?” Sam asked nervously.
“2 fours.” Jess said as she put the cards down.
The twins, Krissy, and Castiel had gotten up around 10:30 or 11 am. They leisurely worked their way through the day. The twins and Krissy were doing something in the lawn, as Castiel cleaned the dishes left after brunch. He was about to sit and relax when his phone rang. It was Gabe. “Hey Cassie, I miss you. Listen, quick help. I need you to get some diapers for a one-month old baby. Come as soon as possible. I promised you will be fast.”
"Why do you sound like you don’t believe it?" Dean asked.
“We both were in middle school. We had seen each other in the hallways but hadn’t talked with one another. It was the end of middle school when I noticed Jimmy was my neighbor. I had gone to get my mail when I saw an envelope addressed to Mr. Novak. I walked across the street and rang the bell, only to be attacked to the floor by Jimmy yelling, ‘I got you now, stupid bell-ringer!’” Castiel snorted, trying to control his laugh. The kids had joined the conversation in between and had been listening to what Amelia was saying. “I was horrified by the ambush. Jimmy got off me, and I slapped him. I told him I was not stupid nor was I bell-ringer. I threw the envelope at his face and ran away. Few moments later, Jimmy came to my house and explained how for the past few days someone has been pranking him by ringing the bell. We called a truce and started hanging out. By the end of middle school, we started dating and our parents knew we were it for each other. After talking with our parents, we had Claire. We knew it was soon, and we hadn’t finished high school yet, but our parents were ok with it, so we had Claire. The two of us went to college, while Claire was coddled by her grandparents. When she turned 7, my parents said that they were sick. Turns out they had cancer. I don’t know what life was playing at because Mr. and Mrs. Novak had also gotten sick due to brain tumor. They all died around the same time, when Claire was 8. After that Claire wasn’t happy in Pontiac. She was always sad and tried to not talk with anyone. When she turned 12, we decided we will shift to somewhere different, and that’s why we came here to La Honda, California. Jimmy had met only with Richard out of the whole town. They went fishing and you know the rest.” Amelia ended, combing Claire's hair with a wistful smile.
“Yeah Charlie?”
“It’s here!” Mildred said as she pointed to a black smoke howl and vanished. Hunter stood up as the screaming quietened and Mildred went to help him out. The Banshee suddenly appeared behind Eileen. She whirled around to swing her blade at the Banshee only to be flung across the room into a bookshelf, knocking her unconscious.
“Did you research the whole night Bobby?” Dean asked incredulously.
Castiel stared at Sam’s phone then looked at Sam. “I am afraid I don’t have that.” He pointed to the phone. “But thank you. I am sure I can manage from here.” Castiel nodded to himself and started to move away.
“Oh…” Dean slumped. Pure End was what Cas had named his last poem, and Dean had done the same with his album.
“Oh yeah! I remember that.” Cas then leaned towards Dean and said, “and I remember what had followed.”
As soon as Deanna gets off Dean, both Cas come running checking if their respective Deans were hurt during the confrontation. As the chattering of ‘Are you ok?’, ‘Are you hurt?’, and ‘Yeah Cas, I’m fine.’ ends, the four stare at one another. The awkward silence leads to tension rising in the room.
“Wait what ghost?” Psychic asked.
The man shuffled uncomfortably, and Cas realized he was yet to speak. “Pardon my lack of response. It’s just… your clothing intrigues me. My name is Castiel. I have been here for a week and I must say, it’s really different from my norm.”
“Are you sure?” Cas asked, to which Hannah eagerly nodded. “Okay. Be ready tomorrow morning, then”
"Um… yeah." Sam said as a start to change the topic. "But Dean would still be in his rut. No offense but I would take a jacked up Dean Winchester over our whole warrior unit."
The Talk :)
“We are getting married!”
“3 months after we met.” Cas said looking at Dean with a fond smile. The two were doing their staring thing, while others were trying to get their minds wrapped around this information. “Okay who wants turkey?”
“Dude… I am his brother.” Sam said.
“Jack and Belphie are there waiting for their father, and I thought that I make sure that it was him, and they were ok.”
“Cassie, we have different things that are needed for a wedding. A bakery for cake and goodies, Meg for makeup, Balth for the decorations and seating arrangements, and you for venue selection. Other things, we have people from outside taking care of it, like Benny for food and Lisa for flowers/balloon/ice decorations.” Gabe said.
Charlie guided herself and Jo to the sofa opposite to the one occupied by Ash and Meg. The atmosphere was tense and awkward. And Charlie, being one who doesn't like that, asked Meg and Ash.
"It's okay, Sam." Gabe reassured.
Dean acted like he was thinking but Dean knew why. Most of his relationships were either one-night stands or sex in the first 3 days itself. With Cas, Dean was having a great time. Hell, Cas was his first love and he didn’t want to ruin it. Not that Cas was unappealing or anything. God he was tempting, but Dean loved their time spending together talking and stuff. But whenever they kissed, the two got hard and Cas stopped there. He didn’t continue, and Dean respected that. Maybe that was why the Cas was his longest relationship, the others ranging from half a month to 1.5 months.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Loki?” Jo, Dean, Garth, and Bess asked.
“Cas? Castiel, Dean.” Sam said but Dean still looked confused. “Castiel! Our friend. The one you talked with on the phone yesterday.”
“Dude, just sing the damn song!” Sam yelled at his brother. “Cas stole my book and wants you to sing the song he asked for.” He grumbled.
“Hey Cas,” Cas turned to see Dean stand with pouted lips, kissing the air in her direction then smile showing all teeth, following it up with a “How you doin’?” whilst slowly nodding his head and gazing her up and down. Cas tilted her head, her dark locks falling onto her shoulders, as she gazed at Dean with wide, blue, eyes, not understanding what he was trying to do.
“What café?” Jack asked. Belphie shook his head. “Crisps?” Clark asked making Belphie cringe.
The footsteps approaching startled Castiel. He quickly closed his journal, sliding his pen in the elastic of the book, and hiding it in his bag.
“I burned it and went to the museum that auctioned this painting to see whether there were other cursed items, only to find this reappear there.” Cas said, frustratedly pointing to the painting. “I came here as soon as possible. I have to check the museum still.”
“Get black. I have chosen a blue one with black garter. We can contrast each other and go as a team.” Castiel said.
“That was just something we found in the fair that is being held for 2 weeks ago. Coming to think of it, it was a day before the fight. This weird lady was selling these saying if one wishes something on these bags, it will be granted. We just thought she was some crazy woman trying to gain some business. We bought it because it had a real antique-y, rustic look, and it looked cute. You don’t think that she would have done this, do you?” Laura asked.
“Hello Gabe. Who is this?” A nonchalant voice asked. Castiel was turned so his back was to the best man. He was about to turn when he heard his twins’ voice.
Kali wanted to run from her family. Her stepfamily. Her and her dad had come to the states from India, after her mom had died, for a new start. Her dad had married a noble widow, for his business purposes. She was isolated by her family as soon as her dad died and used as a maid. She used to muse that her story was similar to the Grimm Brothers’ Cinderella. She had met Gabriel - or now she calls Loki dearly - during a fight, and they had gotten together, the same time as Castiel’s birth. Six months into their relationship, the two decided to run away from their family and settle down together. Loki had insisted that he would bring his younger brother with them, and Kali was happy with it. The three of them, being a nice, happy family together.
Damn Charlie and her shoving hands, he went to turn around but she accidentally tripped him. He only knew it was an accident from the split second he saw her panic face, reaching for him.
"Yes, Aaron, yes he is my fiance."
«────── « ⋅ʚ♡ɞ⋅ » ──────
“Dean? Can I sit?”
"About Novak? Yes I've heard. It's all the hospital is talking about."
"We've never seen him. Or her. You didn't even give us a name. Charlie practically lives with you and doesn't know who they are!"
His mother had been crying when he signed ‘blanket.’ She was trying very hard not to, he could tell. He heard her repeat, my baby my baby my beautiful baby, but he wasn't beautiful. He just wanted his blanket. She didn’t know sign language, he guessed. Micheal didn’t want to hear his voice after a few years. It was too loud and rough.  But his mom was looking at his face like he was going to disappear any moment, so he cleared his throat, raw from lack of use, and said,
“Yeah, yeah. I know. I guess.”
Dean ended up running in the employee only door, alarms blaring and people confused. His mom for all her guilt had no idea what to do. She tried to coax him from the corner he was sobbing in. Dean remembers her voice but it didn't soothe him. Which only proved to make things worse as he wanted so desperately to be soothed by his mother.
"Oh, no, I saw you fall. Again." He winked. Dean forgot for a moment where he was, until a cough from behind reminded him.
" Dean…"
“Oh! Oh! Okay. Um, let me ask...One second”
" Mhm. "
Dean gaped a bit, eyes sweeping to Aaron who shrugged as if to say 'they've said it all.' Dean let out a huff, pulled his phone from his pocket, and dialed.
«────── « ⋅ʚ♡ɞ⋅ » ──────»
Oh boy he was talking.
“Heya, Dean, sorry about- sorry about fightin’ dad back there.”
Cas was staring at him, eyes big and round. His hand was still in the position Dean had left it. The green eyed man snarled again, flustered now because Cas wasn’t answering him.
“Did you run?”
Both of his parents had glanced up from dinner, worry on their faces. Sam was only six when Dean was taken. He was Dean's whole world, the number one thing that Dean refused to forget. He would dream about who he became, how tall he was going to be, who he'd marry. Sometimes when Micheal punished him by leaving him alone and untouched for months at a time, Dean kept hold of his humanity by thinking of Sam. He felt horrible he couldn't get up the nerve to ask before. So he asked again.
This is what he wanted to avoid. Sighing, he gave in. Dean rested his forehead against the man's collarbone, his Tide laundry detergent tickling his nose. He whined when Cas gathered his body close to his.
Dean led with that. He was leaned against Cas's porch railing, Cas beside him fiddling with his potted plants.
"What? I'm just saying! Yeah he's good looking but then what?"
“Boys…” his mother muttered.
“Here.”
Cas looked down at his fiance, confusion written on his face, until Dean just shook his head. Benny was laughing at the pair behind them, knowing they really wanted to keep this a secret for a few more months.
Dean didn't get an answer, just a flutter of wings, then they were in front of a two story home. It was light brown, navy shutters and a wrap around porch with chairs by the front door.
"Where's Sammy?"
Between Max and Anna teasing him all day, the mother of a child he treated, screaming at him because her daughter wasn't waking up, Dean was tired. He was in a break room, feet towards the ceiling, arms crossed over his chest. He kept his eyes closed hoping sleep could take him for just a moment. The blood was rushing to his head so this was probably a bad idea. But his feet stopped hurting so he didn't move. Not even when his phone buzzed, again and again. It wasn't his pager so he didn't care right now. He figured it was Charlie or Meg, they text him throughout the day to complain, compare notes, or of course recently, to send him pictures of Castiel Novak. The last one Dean hadn't seen before, Castiel was with a fan, wide grin and a bright yellow shirt. He smiled when he saw it but now he wanted that imagine to be gone. All imagines to be gone. Slowly, Dean closed his eyes, his brain shutting down.
Dean wordlessly stands, the chair barely moving, a hand on his dishes. Cas takes it for him and nods up the stairs. His mother has seen him now. Dammit.
Before the conversation could continue, Dean walked away, dodging in and out of patients as well as other doctors. The uproar was to be expected. Their hospital was not small, nothing was small in San Francisco. Their pediatric ward had won several awards in regards to patient care and over all staff management. He was proud of that, he had worked three years alongside Dr. Harvelle, a fierce woman with kind eyes and the first to see Dean's potential when his internship had passed. Dean was making his way to the NICU when a hand landed on his forearm.
In those early days, sometimes the only person who could touch him in any form was Cas. Dean had a spell in a grocery store, only two months after being rescued, so violent he broke a dozen eggs from a ladies grasp, along with smashing a pizza. Apparently she had tried to ask him a question, her blue shopping basket on the crook of her elbow, her movements had been too similar to those of the women who paraded him around years ago.
He hung up, knowing damn well they wouldn't call back. Dean didn't want to think about the reason his interns keep messing up, why he had to do scut for a week because his intern blew a blood vessel in a patient during his surgery. He remembered laying into her, she had been gushing about Castiel coming for twenty minutes, not paying attention so not only did he pay by the patient had a longer time in surgery due to it. He wasn't having a good week, a good month. All he wanted to do was nap.
When Bobby brought Dean to the roadhouse, he didn't know what to expect. These people have been up here, checking in on him from what Bobby proudly smirked, and Dean was extremely unready. But Bobby was a stubborn son of bitch who wouldn't take no for an answer. Dean pushed through the door, surly drunk hot on his heels, and sauntered in to the bar he saw in his dreams since he was twenty eight. Ellen and Jo got to him first, Jo wrapping her legs around him, making him fall against Ash who scoffed at them playfully.
“Napkin. The small, square object to your right. I need that.”
"Holy shit! Is he finally confirming he's taken?" Max quickly forgot his notes, pushing them towards Dean who had stopped as well. His friends huddled around the phone, watching as Castiel Novak charmed the pants off his interviewer.
he spotted Castiel over at the far table. Of course, he was sitting with none other than Gabriel.
"Hey sunshine."
"Sticky situation?"
Dean learns about bees and Adam
Dean raised his head higher, now level with a bed headed cop, uniform wrinkled smelling of Tide, the dragon fruit kind, tattoos peaking out from under his t-shirt. His blue eyes practically glowed as he spit out fact after fact about the ecosystem now, beginning with the polar bears and of course never skipping the grass that grew in the artic, "It's very important we acknowledge humans are a danger to this planet in many ways, Dean", ending with the question Dean could now answer, albeit reluctantly.
"Ah, yknow. Rufus lost an entire spool the other day! It was my favorite green, bout had him on his hands and knees looking for it. Thankfully we found it under my office chair."
"Yes! Castiel Novak is visiting the peds ward!"
The voices of his family were so damn loud. Why did they have to be so loud? Dean’s own voice sounded small. He was so small. Cas was watching him now. Those cobalt eyes never leaving the freckles on his face.
"Dude. Rise. Now."
Cas leaned back against the porch, the breeze catching a strand of his locks, momentarily distracting Dean from his righteous indignation. Damn he was beautiful. The hunter stared at the face he longed to touch, long eye lashes dusted Cas's cheeks, chapped plump lips just begged to be kissed and licked, by him. Only him.
Dean tripped over himself trying to force his lazy legs to move. He followed her, right to the cafeteria. He froze.
Eight- thirty three and a knock was heard. Then another. John shot up to answer before a WHACK WHACK-
"Hey, Cas."
“I think you should go to your room before you get overstimulated.”
"Oh. Well. I am ah quite real."
"Why?"
“That- nice yeah- be nice.”
Cas... Jumped. And thank Chuck? Jack? They were in heaven because Dean nearly got a broken nose.
Okay so it was a huge milestone. But he was battling with that as well. His brain wasn’t as clogged anymore, his logic no longer being flushed from his body. Dean spent a chunk of his life not being allowed to pass through a door without being led by hand. That bast-no, Chuck said to use his real name, Micheal, hadn’t allowed him to go anywhere without him leading. Dean said he assumed it was for safety reasons. The police said it was so he wouldn’t run. That made more sense.
"What do you say we get out of here huh? Got some stuff to talk about."
Four days later, Meg pinned him to his locker.
“Cas! The fuck man! Aren’t you a cop? Don’t sneak up on people like that!”
"Can we move now? My legs are tingling and this isn't a kind floor for my elderly back."
“He can barely walk through the door ,kid, forgive me for being afraid that his little brother could send him in a panic when he realizes you’re not so little anymore!”
"Are they okay?" Dean was smiling at his friends, for once relaxing without the fear of being paged. He had the next two days off, no on call, just him and his TV, maybe he will get some icecream.
"Ash, man, I am thrilled this hospital finally stopped talking about the Sia thing, but now this guy is all I've heard about. I just wanna do my job."
“Chuck said this was a huge milestone, Dean. I know you don’t think so but it really is.”
"I saw it."
It took a little bit to say their goodbyes, promises to go over for dinner and game nights, but they finally made it out into the cool evening.
He did. A moonlit dinner, his Baby littered in stars. Dean was being kissed, hands all over his sides. A ring was laid on his chest, lips whispering love confessions, and he said yes. Yes, a thousand times, yes.
"Dean!"
This is going to be all month isn't it?
"Cas, stop" he giggled, wiggling out of his finances grasp. Coos and sounds of Awww erupted from the crowd. Dean wanted to avoid this. He wanted to keep this side of his life private. Unfortunately, alot of couples who had only one well known person with a bland, boring, one, ended in disaster. Dean had told Cas all of this. But the actor simply cradled his face, pressing sweet kisses to his freckled cheeks and told him to shut the fuck up. But it had been hard, Dean struggled with keeping his own identity, refusing to be "Castiel Novak's boyfriend."
"Look, he's here! He's here! He's meeting the kids!"
"I wasn't"
When Dean was found, he wasn’t permitted to go home immediately. This was confusing for him. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children sent in a rep, a counselor and arranged for every single one of his needs to be met. Dean sometimes dreams about the flashing lights of what he found out were cameras of the media. His handler often shouted at the reporters. Dean didn’t know why they wanted a picture of him. He wasn’t all that special. Micheal told him his face was too round, his hands were too large and the way Dean laughed made him want to claw his eyes out. So why a reporter for the news kept trying to get him to talk or look this way was beyond him.
Dean looked up in to his therapists eyes. His stories were jumbled. He was confusing him.
5 New Msgs; 2 Missed Calls
The fact that John Winchester is the one hyping him up Dean was going to have to... Ask him about that later but now, his mom was nodding with a fond expression and he had no excuse left. Dean slowly departed from the bar, nerves clustering in his sternum, and strode to the back of the room. Gabriel saw him first. Dean witnessed him kick Cas in the shin, then saw the fiery look of disdain on his bestfriend face. Damn how he missed that. Cas was still glaring when Dean came up behind him, hooked his chin on his shoulder, hands on the chair and said
"Well, now I wouldn't say I'm single, no"
And maybe he missed Sam. And maybe heaven won't be exactly perfect without him and Eileen but for now, he's going to enjoy it. He's going to soak this up, finally take what he wants and run with it. Dean will wait every day for Sam to come to heaven with them but until then? He's going to live. He's going to love. And he's going to be okay. Angel by his side, family at his back. Dean's will be alright.
It was quiet now, everyone seemed to be holding their breath.
Dean growled, yanking the chain gentle away.
"What? Dean? Are you okay," there was shuffling, then a click, probably a lamp being turned on, "Aren't you supposed to be at work?"
"Yeah. I-I am… Okay."
“Sam, we had no idea how he’d react. It's been seventeen years.”
“I’M NOT! I’M DOING MY BEST AND YOU WERENT THE BEST FOR HIM- OW FUCK!”
"What?!"
"So have you heard?"
He heard his mother wince somehow, but for once Dean didn't want to curl into himself after being asked his status of mental health. Adam was bright, his eyes shone with the innocence Dean wished he had been granted to hold onto. And he was sitting on the edge of his seat like Dean was the most important person in this room.
" Everything is fine, I love you bye!"
It was like listening through headphones with a white noise turned up to 45 percent. He knew words were being spoken, hell he could pick up on the conversation if he really tried, but Dean really didnt want to try. He really wanted to go to bed.
The moon illuminated the sapphire in his lovers eyes, surprised first then dancing with absolute joy, Dean grinned against his lips.
Castiel Novak was still there.
Okay i know it has been months and this is SHORT but I should be posting more tonight because I finally got a fire under me and I need distraction from this election!
“Why did you not tell me? This is a huge fucking deal and you kept it from me! He’s my brother!”
They we're all at the Cafe, notes spread out, pens scribbling furiously. Testing was coming up and no one felt prepared.
Dean snorted but allowed Cas to pull him up with him. Looking back, it was inappropriate. The way Dean is around Cas was borderline creepy. It should have sent Cas packing, demanding to have a different charge because obviously this one is too needy. But no matter, Cas never let on he was anything more than happy to help.
The problem with being handled with zero kid gloves is the mental rage Dean goes through when Cas is absolutely right about his state of mind. Chuck tells him its because Cas is trained. Dean knows its because Cas never stops watching him.
Dean threw back his second shot, Jo Harvelle beside him downing her own. He slammed the glass on the table, warm liquid hitting his belly, making his body tingle.
"I'm sorry?"
“Dean? Hey, I talked to Officer Novak and he said that any of your belongings from-from that...house- any of them were taken to be-”
Green eyes peaked out from under his arms, knees still pulled up to his chest, now staring weirdly at the man next to him.
"I'm sorry. I'm really nervous," his brother whispered. He was nervous? Dean almost huffed at the admission but kept it to himself. He flicked his eyes towards his father, who looked more than one foot out the door.
“He could see pretty well,” Dean whispered to no one. He had blamed his dad for years. Why hadn’t he came? How could he have not heard his screams? Those thoughts died out as Dean decided he no longer cared, but standing  in the midst of the park he was taken from, they crashed into the forefront of his mind. Though Dean knew he shouldn't, it was bound to trigger something, he slowly walked toward the swing set. The air around him was so thick, birds weren't singing nor were the squirrels chattering like before. It was as if the park knew he was reliving it. And the park was waiting to be forgiven.
“Fine,” he mumbled.
“Yeah pretty much. He ate. I told him about Sam.”
"Sammy. Not dead. Here. Mom."
Sure enough, John and Mary were over at the end of the bar, a beer bottle in front of them, bunched up napkins and anxious faces. Dean went over to relieve them. He needed to let them know it was okay.
"So that joke about falling from heaven cause you look like an angel I tell you, isn't funny still right?"
"I-i know," Dean squeaked.
"Don't I know it, okay Angel, back to bed."
Meg let go of him to sweep her arm out, gesturing at his colleagues.
"Well, son, we didn't-we didn't know how to tell him about this-"
"We'd understand yknow? Not everyone wants to hook up in this place."
"Not sure why you're still doing that man", "Its interesting Dean...",
"Dean, get your ass out here!"
He hated giving the phone away but his throat was raw. Why did Sam think it he was dead? Okay, after over a decade maybe he would think the same. No, he wouldn't have given up hope. Dean heard yelling on the other end of the phone. His dad gently took the phone then walked outside. Serves them right. He wanted to hear Sam's voice again but he was too busy yelling.
Cas smiled.
“Dean!”
Charlie poked her head in, ever present smile on her face.
His eyes flicked down the body of his friend. Castiel was wearing dark, ripped, jeans, tennis shoes, and a white t-shirt. He looked like he had been running.
"What I would give to sleep with that man," Meg purred, making Dean scowl for a moment. He quickly adjusted his face, listening to his colleagues mutter their agreement.
"Walk much?" Castiel teased. Green eyes glared, gripping the man's wrist, who happened to still be on his sides.
“Just fine? You two spent three hours in that police car. What did you do, just sit?”
“Why are you kicking my chair?” Dean reverted to sign, his voice trembled too much for his liking. In the same moment, his father was getting up, throwing away his trash. Complaining loudly about the taxes he was paying, his mother just nodded along, tablet in her hand, ignoring his every other word. Sam kept sneaking glances at the pair beside him. Dean knew he wanted to ask. He could understand what Dean signed. Dean wished Eileen was there. She would take sams eyes off him.
Anyway this is my first fic. I hope yall like it. I warn you I will be slow on updates but I will not abandon this fic!
He walked to the bathroom and unlocked his phone, pushing into the empty room, thanking the stars no one followed him.
"What? Yeah dude I told you, we've been together two years, why are you asking?"
"Oh?" he busied himself with more of the charting, flipping over to the last page, finally.
As a matter of fact:
Dean flipped himself from the swing, hopped on the leg slammed against the pole, and grabbed the wrist of his attacker. He went for a break until blue eyes widened , calming him instantly.
That didn't mean he wasn’t still mad.
"No need to apologize. I get it. It's all important. Just tell me what you're comfortable with."
“The fuck?!”
She latched on to his wrist, pulling him towards the door with the windows, making his knee bump it.
"This-that's not funny. dean- my brother is dead."
"Dean..."
So here he was, twenty-seven years old and he can’t go out into the world without one of his family members taking his hand and leading him. This in itself was horrid but knowing no one aside from children dealt with this was really messing with him.
Cas twisted in his seat, wide blue eyes searching his own. This was a dance Dean normally loved but right now he had a mission.
“Alright that’s enough.” Dean said. It was weird for him to listen to Jess speaking about strippers. She was like his sister.
“You did?” Cas asked with soft eyes.
“Apparently his dad was already in a lot of debt and wasn’t able to return the money, so they had to sell the house.” Gabe said.
“Hmm?”
"Did you not hear what I just said?" Meg yelled back. "He almost escaped! I was following Anna and suddenly I was dragged into a room to be face to face with ketch.”
Dean felt like a small girl, crying in his room, hoping Cas had felt the same way he did. They were close, weren’t they? Dean just wished Cas had done the mistake Dean had done. He had fall-
“No, we’ll just go.” Jody said. “Now, give me a hand with the kid.
“It was because you like him, and you are emotionally constipated.” At Krissy’s wide eyes turned on him, Jacob added. “Come on. I know this whole biker chick look and I proudly will say that I was once a biker chick too. I know the whole leather jacket to cover feelings crap. I did the same when my mom was stabbed right in front of me. The whole time she was in coma, I went through this phase. Now she is better and so am I.”
“No way!” Dean said as he started to laugh, Sam joining. Cas and Loki glared at Bobby as his cheeks became redder, then stopped taunting the man and joined in the laughter.
“Except, they don’t fit a trickster’s MO.”
“What?” Before Dean could understand he felt a familiar warmth beside him. Suddenly Angel’s hands were unbuckling Dean’s belt. Angel then whipped the belt from Dean, the force making him spin like a Beyblade. He felt two fingers on his forehead and was suddenly in the café, right when the bell rang, and had stopped spinning.
“Wanna start trying maybe?” Cas asked.
“Why don’t you tie him up, honey?” The man said, all too cheery and the lady nodded. A sudden flash of light filled the air and the couple’s faces appeared monster-like. Psychic had restrained Hunter from moving, trying to understand what was going on and who these two are. “Hunter, teleport me to the street right now.”
"How the hell do you figure?"
“I see Officer Novak stopped by yesterday. How is he?”
There was doubt swimming in the cool hazel eyes before him but what was his little brother going to do? Call him a liar? They couldnt do that, he was a ‘victim’. He hated that word. Nothing about him should scream victim. Chuck would remind him he was a survivor. He survived years of torture. Survived when most would have-
i'm serious. as i said earlier i will not post explicate things, but they will be enough you get the picture. please head the warning. its a not fun chapter but it paints the picture of what will come later and how this story is being set up.
"Gonna answer that?"
“Honey? What did you say you wanted?”
"C'mon, there's almost no one who can resist those baby blues, even the straights love him," Meg laughed.
"It is a little weird," Max spoke up, white coat being pulled to his shoulders. He cast Dean a sympathetic look.
“Dean, I know you don’t understand why we didn’t tell him, we just didn’t know how.”
Dean had never heard of such a thing but he felt his eye twitch. What in God's name was that and why did he never want to hear that phrase again?
"Dean has a crush on Castiel Novak."
A laugh was punched out of Dean before he could help it. His mom never liked Sam's ex highschool sweetheart. She was beautiful, long dark hair, even darker eyes, olive skin and a temper so hot Sam still has the scar on his nose where she clawed into him for sharing his notebook with Sarah Blake during his science class. But Sammy was stubborn, wanting to see things to the end. Ruby left him in the dust after graduation and Dean never celebrated so hard.
“Sam!”
Cas nodded eagerly, bid a goodbye to Gabriel who just bounced his eyebrows at Dean.
Sam pushed past John, fell to his knees before Dean and grabbed his face. Warnings were yelled out but Dean steeled himself for this. He allowed Sam to touch him, to roam about his face, his freckles and the scar on his hand from climbing that damn tree at their grandparents house. That seemed to have convinced Sam enough as he burst out in tears. Tears were not expected. But Dean gathered him up, comforting him like he did when Sam was four and cried over his pet ladybug flying away, then held him for what felt like hours. Sam was talking but Dean’s senses were fried so he didn’t hear him. It was okay, he was okay. After a while Sam wiped his face then turned to stand.
He didn't know how to do this. He was chewing on his lip, nervousness bubbling in the pit of his gut.
Dean's father had passed by apparently, a man of few words but gentle with a passion for sewing. No really, he made Dean's sweater he was wearing at the moment. It was heavenly.
A few people, his friends, turned to him their grins wide and sneaky. Anna grabbed for him.
Dean winced against the younger version of him selves internal battle. He didn’t want that anymore. The world was spinning. Tilting off his axis. Nothing around him changed until it did. Blackness was consuming his vision, a shout was heard, and he was gone. Dean was floating. Drifting into the nothing he created so long ago. Existence had no ruling here. Dean and only Dean ruled this corner of the world.
"Uh excuse me?"
"I'm not too horrible. Not great. But not too horrible."
"I didn't - shut up."
Dean took in the rickety equipment. He was almost as tall as it now. How he wished that had been the case before. His shaky hands wrapped around the barely covered chains then he gave the side closest to him a harsh tug. Dean repeated the motion to the other chain, saw it was sturdy enough, then lowered himself on to the seat.  A child's swing as an adult was not forgiving. His hips screamed at him but nothing could drown out his memory. By this time Dean was shaking like the leaves all around him, nose cold and runny. He closed his eyes. Seventeen years ago he was ripped away from this spot. Dean remembered how Luc smelled, Michael’s sneer, the soft cloth pressed to his face. Dean squeezed his eyes tighter, willing the visions away but begging to remember the days before. Just as he was about to sink back into the past decade a hand gripped his shoulder.
“Dean? I know you had requested your blanket. Unfortunately most of your items are needed for evidence but I managed to grab this-”
“Ah, just- I just need you here okay?”
The rest of the day had been rushed. He was speaking to officers, to counselors, to his mom and she mentioned his dad but he was so scared to see him, a panic attack happened so that was the end of that talk. Dean was told he needed to be accumulated back into society. He knows they worded it better but his recall was so spotty. For a week, he went through therapist to therapist, his parents' home had to be inspected, top to bottom. The day he saw his dad was a day he dreaded. The ice powerful man in his mind, though, looked tired. His hair was speckled with gray, his handsome face was thin and eyes puffy. Dean could remember how booming and commanding his father once was but when he spoke to his son, he was soft and gentle.
“Sorry, sorry…”
"No! For your information, he paid full price, it was beautiful. I cried."
"Uh, it's Sam, um, this is my mom's number is everything okay?"
Scruffy. His hair was wild and scruffy. Lips looked chapped, with tanned skin and brilliant blue eyes that kept looking around the room like someone was going to jump and grab them.
"Mom. Dad."
TRIGGER WARNING: suggested rape
"What do we have here?" a voice teased. Meg grabbed ahold of the thin necklace before Dean could protest. She mimicked his twisting and turning, eyebrows raised in appreciation.
Before now Cas was staring right at him. But now, he visibly shut down. He was scared. Dean had spent the past twelve years denying every fiber of his being that called out For this angel. So this wouldn't do. He lifted a hand to tug Cas close. It was the first time he realized Cas ditched the holy tax accountant get up, was now wearing a soft flannel with ripped jeans and boots. Dean drug him close, his chest touching Cas'.
i'm serious. as i said earlier i will not post explicate things, but they will be enough you get the picture. please head the warning. its a not fun chapter but it paints the picture of what will come later and how this story is being set up.
Dean listened to his parents talk, answered their questions about the hospital, his work, his patients. Then, he guesses they couldn't hold back anymore, when his dad said," So, Castiel Novak is coming to your hospital? "
It was midnight when he left, a cell number and a promise to text and visit as often as possible. Dean went to sleep that night clutching the blanket he refused to be without-squeezing his eyes and praying this wasn’t a dream.
All in all, the meeting doesn't go too horrible. So when Dean dreams of Micheal that night, his screams terrify his parents more than usual. Nothing they did consoled him. It took an hour to get him to stop shaking. The weighted blanket did nothing for him, the chatter in his parents kitchen over whether he took his meds that morning or not, grate on his nerves. He sniffed, his left arm coming up to wipe the tears left over in his eyes. He couldn't recall the dream, didn't necessarily want to.
To Dean: I've landed. I know you like to know I haven't perished in the winged metal death trap
His feet worked on their own. A second later his blanket was back in his hands, pressed to his lap and shielding him once again. Dean had sank back into the chair, tired eyes taking in the twitching officer before him.
His friends, along with the others in the group, gaped at him,their faces full of shock. Meg started laughing, pushing Aaron as she whispered to him. Whatever it was made Aaron freeze up in panic. Ah, he remembered.
Dean slipped past his parents on to the back porch. There was a hammock out there. It was chilly, the wind had picked up now, leaves dancing in front of his shoes. He closed his eyes, crisp air filling his lungs, a puff of air evaporating from his lips. Dean's fingers tightened on his blanket as he padded towards the off white hammock. It took several moments for him to gain balance but finally he was nestled away in the center of his cradled seat. Dean thumbed through his contacts to find Cas, his name marked with a bee. It rang only twice before the man picked up.
Hello! I know i said i was going to update on Friday's but due to my husband being in the military i  had to drive him around on friday to get him ready to deploy for a month in november. So lets say that i will update by Sunday every week. This chapter is feeling more like a filler, but i promise it gets more interesting. i promise! Since this chapter isn't long, I will try posting again on Tuesday or Wednesday!!
Valid. Dean wanted to laugh. He remembers how righteous his little brother used to be. Questions were always thrown Dean’s way about why and how and are you sure? Some things refuse to change.
"Ow, dammit, careful," he hissed. Dean peered through the small window, only getting a glimpse here and there of black hair and a denim jacket.
To Dean: I found a Llama
Mary just nodded, gathering her bags to take to the car. Dean grabbed a few and slowly walked towards the open doors. After throwing the bags in they loaded up and took off. His mom’s Ford wasn’t big, he heard his dad grumbling about it often, but it felt nice to him. Dean snuggled into the seats, cool air blowing on his face.
The pen Dean was gripping slipped, a loud black mark now crossing out a name and half of the sentence explaining the previous patient's last visit.
"Uh."
"Sammy?"
To Dean: Sam said you're at a bar with your friends. I hope you're having fun for once!
In the interview, Castiel was being asked about upcoming projects, his trip to Rome, and if he was single. Dean tried, and failed, not to turn red when Castiel laughed at the last question.
"How's my favorite handmaiden?" she teased.
"Deano. Be good now."
"Yo! So did you hear?"
“Fine.”
Hey! New Chapter! Just a HUGE PSA: Throughout the entire fic there are going to be IMPLIED levels of sexual assault but never will there be any graphic descriptions. I don't do that.  Anyway I hope this starts to make a little more sense. The chapters are going to jump around and be jumbled but this is how Dean would tell the story.  It will all come together soon! And will eventually all be in present tense. But the past tense moments are needed to get the full story.
Hello! I am so sorry I have been MAI. I have not felt the destiel love for a bit. Honestly. I wish I had never watched the ending of SPN because it really killed my vibe. But I am back and I will be attempting to do better with updates!
"How about we - we talk about what you think... You can't have."
Meg laughed, promising to alert everyone of his engagement no matter how much he grumbled and complained. By noon, his entire floor knew. Charlie gave him a vending machine pie, yelling happy engagement, until Dean shoved her in a closet.
«────── « ⋅ʚ♡ɞ⋅ » ──────
Two days later, Sam showed up.
Obviously being up in heaven made Cas a little slow on the get up so him freezing, Dean had almost bet on. But the hunter really was more about action VS talking so he cupped the angels cheek and leaned in. His lips grazed Cas's, sparks flying between them. Cas pressed into him gently, tongue darting out asking for entrance. Dean's hands massaged his bestfriends hips, deepening the kiss, warmth spreading throughout his body.
"Sorry sorry just..."
And before he could run away, his friends surrounded him. Dean couldn't see the actor, he was fenced in by a row of doctors, a few nurses, and the cafeteria woman who was wearing a questionably low top for someone who made the worst lasagna he'd ever tried the other day. His shoes squeaked from whatever he had the misfortune to step in earlier that day. Aaron poked him in the side, making him jump but also stop fighting so with a hard shove Max as well as Charlie forced Dean to break throw the sea of people, tripping right into the middle of the where Castiel was sitting casually. He was sitting on the table they eat their meals at, dark denim jeans stretched over thick thighs, a bright yellow shirt and denim jacket stretched over his broad shoulders.
So Ash and Gabe have cofounded a new secondary gender type
“Okay.” Cas shrugged and gave Dean half a KitKat and ate the other half. Dean was disappointed. He thought Cas would fight for him, but his angel just ate a chocolate. Maybe he was just looking for a break from Dean, and now Dean gave him an out, Cas took it without annoyance.
“Dean… I love you too. When you left, I felt so alone. But then I realized that I had a part of you growing in me. If I wasn’t able to be with you, I could at least try to be with you through my, our, sons. Belphie is so much like you. From the freckles, to the flirting, to the rock music, to even pie. Jack is more like me, but he does have your taste in movies.” Cas said and Dean laughed happily. “I love our sons so much, and most of it was from my love for you. I cherished them with the love I wasn’t able to give you. I love you so much. You don’t know the number of times I cried clutching that stupid note in my hands. No one knew how much I wished I could just get up on that bed in Sonny’s with you near me. I love you so much Dean.”
“I DON’T KNOW WHETHER TO BE HURT OR AROUSED.” Dean yelled.
Castiel and Balth could hear Gabe laugh and Meg sighing angrily. After a muffled conversation, Gabe came out of the room, “I am gonna be a stripper!” At Castiel and Balth’s confused looks, Meg explained.
“So, Cas and his brother are coming around noon.” Bobby said.
“What, huh,” Sam started, “What do you mean?”
The finals had ended, and Dean had got an awesome GPA which increased his possibility to get an academic scholarship on top of the football scholarship. Vacations had started and 3 months later, Dean would be shifting to Pittsburg.
The three came back down and went to the main room, as Dean questioned. “Okay, so this Hauser dude and Jack the Ripper copy… connection?”
“Go to bed boy. It’s really late and you guys just finished a hunt. You already finished your report so… go sleep.” Bobby finished as he walked to his room. “Goodnight.” The door slammed.
Jack isn't oblivious... you know.
Everyone asked what Cas was signing but Eileen glared at Cas and said, “I don’t wanna talk about it.” and turned to Sam, not before seeing Cas smirk with his left eyebrow raising.
Anyways, Gabe had kissed him on the cheek, trying to console him that day. So yeah, that was the only kiss he had ever gotten. “I would like to try.” Cas shrugged turning deeper red. “But I don’t know how to kiss. I have read them only in books.”
Jack was excited, to say the least.
The lights brightened, and Dean was now standing. His eyes searching subtly around the room, as the host approached him, sniffing and wiping her eyes.
“Shaggy?”
“Well
“We just want him to hang out with the group. I am new and you all helped me transition here. I wish Castiel could get the same too.” Eileen said.
“I was wontedly being clueless to Dean’s feelings.” Cas started. “And also, from getting close to you guys.”
“Strategist, Charlie, Strategist in disguise. Anyway, on Wednesday, they were sitting far away from each other, but because of the whole Clark/Jack debacle, I didn’t pay that much attention to the two. Then on Friday, I see Alfie barge into class, and sit in his normal seat. Few minutes later Adam comes in, all out breath searching the class, and when his eyes fall on Alfie and then walks towards him.
“If the pizza man truly loves this babysitter, why does he keep slapping her rear?”
“Huh… ahem… yeah. Ok, let’s leave. Bye and stay safe.” Hunter said as he placed his hand on Psychic’s shoulder.
“Shut up.” Dean muttered making the three laugh. “Where’s everyone?”
“Yes ma’am!” Dean kissed Ellen in the cheek and went to the restrooms to get changed. They all were sitting near Jess and talking about how the wedding prep was going and other menial things when Jess grunted.
“That was a lot of ‘us.’ Anyway, answer him.” Jo said.  Dean and Cas told them what they’d decided. How they wanted to make up for lost time, that they still love each other, and Belphie and Jack were elated to hear that Dean was moving in. They also informed how they knew they were moving too fast but deep within, they knew they were it for each other.
“I don’t want to overwhelm you. Can you tell me what you need from me, Dean?”
What.
No he didn't.
“Dammit, would you stop yelling at-”
"Dean?" Anna squeaked.
He received a good natured laugh, a pat on the back, then immediately was assigned to a little girl's case.
Dean slowly looks up from his chart to meet the eyes of his friend, Charlie Bradbury, who is currently vibrating in her Harry Potter scrubs, lightening bolt shapes and wizard wands looking as though they could fly off the material.
Anna told him that practically anyone she knows has at least one celebrity they would sleep with, no matter what. Max told them his was Johnny Depp, Anna's was Castiel, as was Megs. Aaron sheepishly admitted he thought about Castiel in the shower once or twice and, wow that twitch was back, then they asked him.
“Thanks,” Dean whispered. He hoped this guy didn’t find his voice annoying. Micheal hated when he spoke. The last time he spoke to him ended with Dean getting screamed at while being punched. The punches didn’t hurt much anymore. Micheal wasn’t as strong as he once was.
"After he's done with the kids, we get to meet him. You gonna?" Aaron whispered. Dean grunted, no he didn't want to go in there. He turned to leave, not wanting to keep staring. All he wanted to do was shower.
Woo, now or never.
"Dean!"
Maybe it was a bit soon for that joke but Dean laughed nonetheless. After being released, with a promise of a darts match, red hair caught his eye. Charlie slammed into his middle, Hugging him like she never had before.
“It’s been six months. I should be able to walk out a fucking door.”
Dean was rocking himself back and forth, words coming out but not necessarily making any sense to anyone, not even himself. The cool floor was grounding him very little. Flashes of women with bright red rings touching him in places he couldn't even think of unless he wanted to add "crazy man who vomited on the floor" to his resume kept coming to him. She had smelled like powder. Powder was never what they smelled like. But the vice grip on his wrist almost sank him to his knees.
"I love you too," he whispered.
"I uh yeah I mean like I said he's - attractive but I don't think I could ever - ."
This fic will NOT have any graphic depictions of rape or underage sex. I added the trigger because I know I needed to but you will not be subjected to details. I promise!
Dean hung up, face smug as his friends grumbled, muttering apologies.
He chuckled at the selfie he received, a rainbow Llama sat elegantly on his boyfriends shoulder.
Dean managed to stop his eye roll, one of his attendings, Ash, was grinning ear to ear, obviously very excited about the news Dean wishes he could just ignore.
“No! You can’t treat him like a scared animal, dad!”
"Are you real?"
“Excu-”
“HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN SHOWN PICTURES, BEEN PREPPED , NOT HIDDEN!”
“Dean? Are you okay?”
"You're fine, kid" Dean rasped out. He asked Adam about his hobbies, get him talking so he wouldn't have to. Adam told him he liked baseball, metal bands, he had a guitar but only learned how to play the saxophone, and his favorite food was spaghetti with cut up meatballs. Okay so the kid was a bit more nervous than Dean was. Adam kept word vomiting all over Dean who took it in stride. John was fidgeting beside the table now and Dean wanted to tell him to sit down or leave or break something but stop moving. Adam had stopped talking, he had asked Dean a question.
Anyway thanks for reading.
"A what?"
“You should go lie down,” the officer, off duty, whispered. Dean worried his bottom lip between his teeth. A plate full of bird sat in front of him. At one time he would have killed for something this edible. No wasting. A kick came to his shin and he cursed.
Dean?"
"Hey, dad, how's the business?"
To Dean: The car I rented smells like mints that have been chewed up already.
Here he was though, red faced and being tickled in front of his peers, by an actor with the ability to make people swoon just by a wink. So instead of pushing them all away, Dean soaked it in. For the next week, the next few months, and up until the next year when they moved to the town over, dream house right next to his baby brother. Dean had many dreams, many wishes that may never come true. Yet instead of dwelling on it, Dean decided, for once, he would just give in.
"The hell?"
And right to it. Dean feels the muscles in his body relax, the way Cas handles him nothing shy of a friend at most times, soothed his static mind just a bit.
“-And she does sign language too. She really wanted to come but she knows how it can be. She’s a police officer. I -uh- I know we’ve missed out on a lot but,um, maybe we can change that?”
"Dean, don't be shy!"
"Cmon man, as a fellow lover of the men folk, I thought you'd be happy!"
"Where to Cas?"
TRIGGER WARNING: suggested rape
TRIGGER WARNING : suggested rape
His phone vibrated again.
"Did you know the type of flower bees take nectar from determines the flavor of honey?"
“My apologies. I thought that was your chair.”
"You woke me up for that."
"Yeah I get that. Why?"
“Guess so. We gonna see Sam?”
How did he end up here? He was at his door, dammit he blacked out again, unlocking the door. Sam, bless him, poked his head through but didn’t barge in.
Recovery is- a bitch. Dean feels the days tick away slowly, the sun setting and rising without his permission faster than he has ever noticed. Fall turns to winter,a soft blanket of snow covers the tops of the cars one November morning, making Dean’s knees ache. He would snort and return back to bed.
Dean admired the black ring around his neck. He moved it from side to side, watching as it flashed sapphire blue in the florescent light. He wasn't one to wear rings. From a young age, Dean only found himself drawn towards the ring his mother used to wear before she declared it a hazard. But after years of glove wearing, more like glove tearing, he locked up the ring for good. This one though, he mused, this one he was never letting go.
"Hmm, okay Dean. Love you."
"Ah. Yeah."
"Yeah. Fucked up. Because for one, what the hell. You made a deal? With the empty? When were you going to tell me?"
"You know, you can actually just walk over there."
"Don't worry, they're gonna be table dancing soon!" a voice behind him exclaims. Charlie comes up next to Dean before he can turn around.
"Yknow, it was kind of fucked up, you sayin that when you did."
"He did get into that accident his Junior year," Dean mused, pouring himself a cup of coffee, letting the warmth engulf him.
There was a comfortable silence between the two. Cas would never ask, he never pushed for more than Dean gave him. Dean would call him at times just to hear him breathe. At first these calls were absolutely about need. Given that Castiel was the one who found Dean as his seventeen year kidnapping had reached its end, there was little doubt Dean would cling to him. And cling Dean did.
Two weeks and some idle threats from his mother later, Dean is standing on the porch, cheeks rosey red, nose colder than he ever dreamt it could be, watching Castiel along with his brother Sam play with the neighbor kids. The officer was swindled into the game easily. Sam was persuasive as hell. Well, maybe not as convincing as he thought. Dean still wasnt joining. Hell no. sniffing, he shoved his mittened hands deeper into the coat he grumpily threw on.  The mood he was in drug along for hours after the kids were called home, only lifted for a moment when they all sat down to eat. His parents fought over a turkey, something about the prices.
"Yes well... We were - in a sticky situation"
Officer Novak looked pleased. That was a new emotion. An emotion Dean didn’t know how to handle so he just turned away before he ruined the moment.
The wind was knocked from him slightly, but he was able to process what she asked, even though it made little sense.
He let it go on a few more minutes before he heard his mom call out for him. Surely hearing someone else enter their bubble would wake Cas. Dean quickly whispered goodnight, ending the call.
Dean forgot how long he had been on the floor when a body noisily sat beside him. His muscles tensed. Dean knew he wouldn't be able to run in his state but he sure could try. While he planned his escape the person beside him began to talk.
“Sam, it's fine. You’re here now,” Dean grumbled. It wasn’t good enough for his brother who kept lecturing on how John, as a cop, should know damn well how victims of abuse, ugh, and sex crimes, ugh ugh, should be given control of their lives yada yada.
“You ever hear of a haircut you hippie?”
“Might as well…”
He sounded so small. Green eyes met hazel and Dean was flashed back to a small Sam riding on his handlebars, scared but feeling really free; sneaking out into the back yard to watch the meteor showers and name the constellations after one another. Slowly, he was allowed inside the room. He remembered to lock the door again.
Six hours later, Castiel was still here. Dean had showered, slept again, then clocked in to be thrown into the E. R. He was covered in blood, some sticky fluid, and his shoes squeak loudly when he walked. Dean needed to sit. He flopped face first into an on call bed, groaning loudly. Thankfully he had a short shift. A knock on the door made him groan even louder.
"Ah, well good for him."
"Dammit, Winchester, don't do that!"
Dean was shuffling around his house now, picking up items he had thrown haphazardly on to the counter or the chairs. His future sister in law was as close to his bestfriend as his brother was. She was brilliant, beautiful, a mechanic and an engineer. Being as she was older than Sam, she made Dean's little brother grow up. They were engaged now, a mortgage in the works soon. Dean couldn't be more proud.
«────── « ⋅ʚ♡ɞ⋅ » ──────»
"Dammit Jo, you're gonna kill him again, quit!"
“Save it! Dad what the fuck?! I can- Is this really Dean? Are you even sure that you got the right guy?!”
It escaped his mouth and now all Dean wanted to do was crawl away. All eyes on him, they looked as if he was crazy.
“Did I-? Did I RUN?! Dean, your mother called me crying because no one, that includes your APPOINTED POLICE DETAIL , could find you! Of course I ran!”
Good enough.
Large hands gripped his waist, a low chuckle in his ear. Dean spun around to face the actor who grinned widely at his flushed face.
Tired blue eyes settled on his face, a hand was up, waiting for Dean to preform the small task he was asked but , damn, he couldnt remember what a napkin was.
I apologize for the lack of update! Life became crazy but I am back! I had two people I commented to last night saying a chapter would be up last night but of course, a storm hits Illinois and my power goes out. But here it is! And I will be updating as much as I can! I am hoping to maintain a decent schedule with updates. Thank you for those who are being patient !
"Sorry. I-ah- I can't keep anything straight huh?"
So when Dean tangled his fingers in Cas 's belt loops as they exited the room, neither man did anything to halt it.
Adam then launched into his research about how kidnap victims take years to bounce back, some even don't want to return home, he went on and on, despite John kicking his chair. Dean enjoyed it. Maybe he shouldn't but after being handled like glass for all this time, Adam going off the rails about his Google searches was a small window into the normal Dean wanted to grasp one day.
Meg ran her hand down his bicep, which he rudely pulled away from. Beside her, Anna laughed, pulling two other residents, Aaron and Max to the bar counter. There was little doubt the beer and shots had touched them, Max was pushing his curls away from his face then giggling when they would stay, Aaron just swayed.
Now, his dad has specifically warned him against walking the direction he was for a very good reason. In his frustration Dean must have forgot. He took in the bench, now chipped white and missing a board on the back. With shaky hands he reached toward it. Dean ran his hand along the top of the seat ignoring the splinter he received. He could hear the memory of children laughing, running past him, the sun on his face. Slowly, Dean glanced up, eyes darting the swing set. It had been all but abandoned. What was once bright blue, was now a dark grey, rusting in the top from overuse, and only one seat left on the end of the chains.
He took the longest time with them. John asked about everything after he left, not remembering when the spell had brought him back so many years ago, and patted Dean on the back periodically throughout his tales. While Dean knew in the back of his head he should be furious with his dad, he's done letting that rule him. It was time to move on. Once they were caught up to speed, after multiple interruptions, and Kevin slipping in and out for a hug because he needed to go back to study the word of God a bit more,
TRIGGER WARNING : suggested rape
"Yeah a celebrity hall pass!"
"The point is you'll never meet them," Max kindly pointed out. But Dean just shrugged, then pagers went off and hall passes were long forgotten.
"Charlie, I was your only handmaiden"
"Dean. Dean. Is that. Dean I am so sorry-"
No. But that didn’t need to be voiced. Dean had to give his parents credit, no one really had a rule book on how to deal with a child who was abducted then found over a decade later. Asking him how he felt may have been a good start.
She was having a hard time. Dean felt like he should do something but he just stared at her. He really was useless. She floundered for a moment, until the dark haired man placed a hand on her shoulder, muttering quiet words to her, ushering her out of the room gently. Dean didn’t exactly want her to go but when she did, he let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Was it relief? Who knows anymore.
To Dean: To clarify, a toy Llama [photo attached]
Dean went wide eyed as his monster of a brother shook his hand out, after punching their father. Inside, Dean was ready to run. It had been months since a fight was about him, months since punches were thrown and while he could logically tell himself both parties were only concerned about his well being ,the flight part of his instincts began to kick in. John was trying to remain calm, Sam a bundle of fury, glared daggers as he ripped into both parents. Oh good they’re distracted, Dean thought. He slipped away down the hall and into his room. The lock on the door was installed by his dad the day he came to live with them. It was better that way. He controlled the door opening and closing. No more busting through, no more yanking him up by his wrist, no more pain. A crash was heard, then “Dammit, dad!” Seconds later a soft knock was heard against his door. At least they knocked. But Dean remained on the bed. He didn’t want them to keep fighting. Not over him. He wasn’t worth it. Sam should just know that. He should be able to see how toxic he is. This was all his fault.
Hey guys. I apologize for my horrible schedule. This story I really need to feel to update because I really do not want half assed chapters you know? It's a very important story to me, I've been wrestling with this for a long time. I will absolutely try to update more often. This is my baby.
Okay this was pathetic. He couldn’t even talk. Chuck is going to have a hayday with this. Dean mentally rolled his eyes just imagining how many ‘mental exercises’ he's going to have to deal with for this doozy.
Saw what. Dean schooled his face as he went through a list of what she may have seen. Before he could open his mouth she blurted out, "Your face. I saw how you stared when he came on that TV, you turned redder than a damn tomato."
"Details" she laughed, then pointed to the other side of the bar. "Your parents are here, they're a bit nervous"
Mary practically ran from the room in the police station. They were still there. Dean wanted to know why but he didn’t feel like asking. He waited for his mom to come back by looking at his body. The officers had given him soft sweatpants, black with a red circle logo on the leg. Long pants weren't a luxury he was given often, and it was cold, so he was grateful for it now. He wore a bright orange, ugly t shirt with a baggy black zip up jacket. The first thing that popped into his mind when he saw himself in the windows of the police station was ‘wow I look like a pumpkin.’ He really wanted to carve pumpkins. Micheal said carving pumpkins was the devil's work. His brother was named Lucifer though so maybe he just wasn’t crafty. Dean was messing with the zipper on his jacket when a knock at the door made him jump. His mom entered slowly a second later with a man behind her. Dean felt like he should've recognized his face but he was so tired and his brain was already fried.
"Ha, yeah, he's got Eileen now. Why you think he's not driving that thing?"
Dean was 28 years old. He had been in med school since he was 17, fulfilling his general education , as well as premed when he was only 14, top of his class, graduated early, full ride to the school of his choosing. His accomplishments were almost unheard of, his IQ the third highest in the nation, and his ability to learn beyond excellence. His weekends consisted of school books, med papers, and maybe sleep. Now that he's in his second year of residency, Dean has the God given sense that maybe he missed out on more than just a few parties. Because no, he definitely has zero idea if he even had a "hall pass" list.
“See? Good to go! You did good, honey,” she said, hand coming up to cup his cheek. Dean tried to stay still, not wanting to flinch away though ever signal in his brain told him to expect pain. He was happy to ignore it when her thumb brushed his cheek then fell away. So many years had he longed for his mother’s touch.
