Meg levels him with a skeptical look. “We’re not fucking, if that’s what you’re getting at. But I
Dean doesn’t mean to be a hysterical mess in front of Pam during their session, but, by then, he’s worn thin and exhausted, so it ends up all spilling out.
everyone thinks something’s wrong?
“Hush,” Ellen says, stepping forward to rescue Dean by crouching to the floor and luring Bones away from him. “He’s a sweetheart, innit he? Hi, boy. Who’s a good boy?”
And he hates the whole thing with the not being able to make decisions for himself, being wheeled around like some kind of helpless invalid. It feels almost like being possessed.
“I apologize,” the guy shrugs. He’s young, about Dean’s age and a couple inches shorter. He’s got a shock of messy dark hair, and Dean can’t see his face all that well given that they’re standing in a dark alley. “I assumed you knew I was here. I’ve been asking for a light for some time.” He holds out an unlit cigarette as if to prove his point.
“Are you hungry?” Dean asks.
“I should call my boss,” Dean says weakly.
“Hi,” Alicia greets him with a pretty smile.
“I think perhaps I should go,” Cas says unhappily.
Dean’s hands are numb. His arms are filled with pins and needles. He can’t feel his toes or his face or the tips of his fingers. He’s having a stroke – he must be having a fucking stroke. He tries to swallow, but the spit gets stopped by something blocking his throat and pools in his mouth, drools out of his lips as he bends forward over his stomach, smacks his head against the dashboard.
It’s weird to think of his hands as his. It’s like they don’t belong to him. It’s like it’s not him controlling them.
Dean can’t go back. They can’t make him go back. Pavement bites into his knees, and his arms are twisted painfully behind his back. There are too many bodies. So many people touching him.
“Sir, if you do not calm down, we will place you under arrest. Do you understand?”
“And has he received any treatment for those previous depressive episodes?” Dr. Jorgensen prompts them.
“Oh good,” Dean says bluntly. He’d forgotten how much weed loosens his tongue. “I was worried I was the only one who thought he was a douchebag.”
“Night bitch.”
He doesn’t think Sam’s noticed, yet, but Dean can’t hold back a choked little hiccup as his chest constricts, and Sammy says, voice painfully soft and pleading, “Dean, man…”
A turnoff for a shabby motel appears on the side of the road, one of their usual stops. Sam scans the parking lot, and his eyes immediately find the Impala.
, man.”
“You wanna talk about what happened between you and Sam?” Pamela asks, one leg over the other, keyboard braced on her knee, but all her attention is fixed on Dean.
Dean isn’t quite sure what will happen if he confesses that it was all a hallucination – but he sure as hell can’t begin to explain that it was real.
“Dean, stop,” Cas says again, firmer, and he catches both Dean’s wrists in his hands. Won’t let go. Tugs his face away from Dean’s lips and tongue and teeth.
“I’m gonna go steal about another pound of chocolate,” Dean says. “Then I’m gonna go back to my room and watch
“I said fucking no,” Dean says, more aggressively than he meant to, because it results in another fit.
thing. They’d treated it like a joke. But seeing the way Dean fell apart when Cas died or whenever Cas disappeared. And sometimes Sam just got the sense that he was intruding on the two of them when they were in a room alone.
“You do realize it’s a day off, right?” Dean rolls his eyes. “Like maybe people actually want to sleep in for once?”
“I don’t want to be here,” Dean whispers.
“Right,” Sam says.
“So, you just,” Sam takes a breath. “You just wanna deal with Mick on this one, then?”
Dean laughs weakly and accepts the plate Sam hands him, heading to the table to eat. Sam’s eggs are good – one of the only things the kid knows how to not mess up in the kitchen, and Dean even nibbles on the edge of the turkey stuff.
“So, you’re leaving because you don’t like the way dinner went?” Sam demands. Then he scoffs, “Yeah, forgive me if I don’t think that’s totally
For a while he just breathes. Dean’s exhausted. His head aches. Son of a bitch, he’s bone tired. He doesn’t want to be awake to deal with any of this stuff anymore. He shuts his eyes. He doesn’t want to look at it. There’s an ugly taste in his mouth.
“Good,” Sam says, sensing the
“Cas was worried,” says Sam.
“We have to go after him,” Dean says. His throat is tight. Closing in on him. Everything is closing in on him. Sammy is missing. Sammy is dead. Sammy can’t be dead.
“All part of the all-American college experience, buddy,” Dean says, squeezing Cas’s shoulders.
“It sounds to me like you got triggered,” Pam explains calmly. “You got some disappointing news, which took you out of the headspace of your date, and when you tried to overcompensate, you ended up sending yourself back to a traumatic event.”
Dean leads them back to their picnic blanket, Cas following with Emma on his hip. Dean heads right to the cooler, kneeling to open it and pull out the cold cuts and assorted vegetables he packed for dinner.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “You gonna be good from here on out?” He’s already standing. He doesn’t want to be in the room when Meg starts talking to Cas.
Dean’s on the floor today, and he’s staying there until he has to leave. Making the journey from his apartment to Lydia’s left him tired enough to take a three-hour nap, but no way was he gonna miss out on the afternoon with his daughter. Besides, he’s going back to work tomorrow. He can’t be a wimp.
Dean closes his eyes and leans into Cas’s space, unwilling to lose his presence, yet, but not able to say it out loud.
“Come here, baby girl,” Dean tells her, waving her over. Ella crosses the room carefully, giving Cas and Jack a strange look. She clambers over the armrest of the chair like a mountain climber, dangling one leg on either side.
“Hey, easy, slugger,” Dean says. “Don’t hit the cripple.” He raises the brace on his right wrist as evidence, but Sam seems to be having trouble focusing on anything, right now.
“He’d…make a good speech.”
“Thank you,” he whispers. He presses two fingers to his lips and drops the kiss onto Mary’s headstone.
Cas is out of the car first. Sam’s right on his heels. Cas wraps his knuckles on the door and calls, “Dean? It’s us. Open the door.”
“You need to eat, Dean,” Cas says, exasperation bleeding through despite his best efforts. He spots that the plate of peanut butter and jelly is gone from the desk, but it’s been transferred to the nightstand, where Cas sees Dean’s only eaten one or two bites.
Sam shifts to look over the seat and gives him a once over. “How you doing, Cas?”
“Yeah, who knew
Second, these men do not appear to have any of the connections he's been advised to look for -- no shared friends, family, or work places.
“You did? How?” Dean asks flabbergasted.
And he does.
He stares at the wall.
And he realizes that he does.
But Cas grimaces at the macaroni Dean puts in front of him before shoving the bowl out of sight. He winces when Dean turns the lamp on to give him more Ibuprofen and rolls into the couch groaning. Dean grabs onto his shoulder and rolls him back.
“Okay. Fine. Metatron,” Dean says pointedly, and Cas immediately swivels back to the television, turning it back on. The rhythmic introduction to Sense8 plays in the background, but he still presses, “You said you put him in traction. You probably could have killed him...”
Cas blinks awake slowly, not fully aware of where he is -- still in the hospital, he judges, from the line of beds on both sides of him, but not a part of it he was in earlier.
Once Cas confirms that it’s just him, too dumbfounded to do anything else, Dean scoots over, leaving the tiny amount of room left for Cas, ignoring the twin looks that Bobby and Sam are shooting him, because they know that he has a Chrysler Building sized crush on the guy. And they’re in a church.
Now he's biting his lip at the absurdity.
insane.
Cas looks past Dean to see Sam leaning against the Impala, several yards away, looking immensely relieved and nodding. “Yeah, Cas, you’ve earned that.”
Cas slumps his shoulders in defeat. There’s really not a lot of point in lying. “This itching is incessant, bordering on painful. There are sores in my mouth now and, not to make you uncomfortable, around my genitals.”
“He had better not wake up,” an ominous voice shouts into the void.
Dean lays the washcloth on Cas’ forehead before grabbing the first aid kit from the night stand.
Dean finds a thermometer in a kitchen cabinet and decides dangerously close to 103 is an excellent excuse for a sleepover.
“Is that what this taste is?” Cas swishes his tongue around his mouth quizzically. It tastes surprisingly less like molecules than usual.
“What?” Dean sounds like he’s been punched in the throat, and the next thing he knows Dean’s arms are wrapped around him so tightly he doesn’t think he could pry them off. “You...you goddamn idiot...Cas...Castiel Winchester, you matter to me. You matter a whole hell of a lot.”
“You can build houses?”
He shakes at his shoulder, roughly, desperately, knowing full well the good it's going to do. He
Something seems off with Cas. Dean can’t peg it, not exactly, but he’s been acting strange. And, yeah, Cas is a weird guy, but this -- this is something else.
. And suddenly, weirdly, he feels like he’s spooking a skittish deer.
Before he can even really process that he’s made the decision to, he cups Cas’ cheek in his hand and kisses him back, desperate and needy and grateful. And Cas’ lips move fluidly with his and for thirty blissful seconds, he forgets what he’s done.
He didn’t remember.
He gives them a half wave before vanishing.
He forgets that this is it. This is all they get.
It's about a week into the whole Cas having a puppy thing that everything goes sideways.
But now that he sees it, he thinks there should be more pictures, newer pictures, recent pictures.
He also knows it was what Dean had asked of him.
“No! I’m ... you goddamn idiot. You could’ve....” Dean pulls him into a bone crushing hug, squeezing him tighter and tighter. “I missed you. God, I missed you, Cas.”
Now, he understands all too well from where that last feeling had sprung.
like he’s in one piece -- on the outside.
Cas’ hand comes to rest on his shoulder. “I believe by helping each other.”
He judges, by the way people are starting to line up against the walls, that he wasn’t the only one that more or less got dragged here, and decides Sarah was actually smart for making them get there nearly an hour early. It stops him from having to sit or stand next to the almighty pious and be judged for not knowing the words to the
His forehead is still on the trackpad when Cas’ lips press firmly against his cheek. Dazed, he looks up to see Cas enveloped in a blanket, cheeks flushed, hair completely disheveled. He gives Dean a small smile.
And Dean sees, to his utter shock, Castiel standing in the middle of the crowd holding a sign covered in rainbows stating “Lucy Hernadez for president!”
“No,” Cas winces as various angels begin arguing even more vehemently about Kelly’s fate, and Dean rests his hand on his shoulder, “they think they found Kelly in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. A demon was willing to give up the location because he doesn't want Lucifer and his child to be able to take over Hell...or break Lucifer out of the Cage. We need to go.”
“You’re human now. We gotta do something about that cut.”
When they’re a verse into
before glancing back at Cas.
“Yes."
“Yes. She's the manager at the used car lot at which I am a salesperson.”
, and he amends, “I’m exhausted. Dying is exhausting.”
“Wonder why Chuck didn’t disappear the dog?” Sam says, and Dean sees his wheels turning, wondering if the dog is some kind of Trojan horse.
“You and Dean need each other, I know you do, but you're both in pain right now. Keep that in mind.”
“That ain’t even close to an answer.”
He’s noticing, now that he’s looking for it, that Cas is tensing up whenever the show starts getting violent. Whenever anyone starts to fight.
Dean’s hands rest on his shoulders, holding him steady, as he repeats on an endless loop, “Cas, you gotta stay with me. Cas, come on. I know you’re still in there. Just look at me. Cas!”
“No...just...thought you had a cold..." He shrugs. "Maybe you do, and the fun hasn’t started.”
He has a family.
Setting a reminder on his phone, as it turns out, is mostly just a good way to lure a pesky poltergeist out of the shadows of an unnaturally dark suburban basement. Sam spends twenty minutes stitching up a nasty gash on his shoulder after that plan goes belly up, and Dean hisses at Cas, between needle pricks, to dig the pill bottle out of his duffel.
he’s fine.
Another finger snap is followed by the same electric feeling, but this time, Cas is being pulled along by the same viscous goo.
to sleep, Cas, but maybe you should try to? I mean, you just almost died. That's not something you should just bounce back from.”
He looks at Cas who has the hand he cut for the warding balled into a tight fist.
“Well, Cas, it’s been happening off and on for a while, really, hasn’t it?” Cas thinks for a moment, then nods. “It’s just getting worse?”
Dean never hangs up.
“To be continued,” Cas hums in agreement.
They’re an hour outside of Las Vegas when Sam informs Jack that Georgia flipped blue at the same time as a phone inside the glove box starts ringing.
“Dean,” Sam’s voice carries from outside the door, “he just had surgery! Cut him a break.”
Sam almost didn’t hold it together long enough to bring him a bottle of aloe.
“Is that what you’re doing with Amara?”
“Uh...” Dean stutters. The words that came freely only moments before stick. “I, uh, tried to convince the big bad here to let us both go. He tried to send me back without you, and I kinda lost it.”
“Dean...” Sam’s voice is cautioning, suspicious.
He turns back to the screen to see Dean’s eyes laser focused on him, his voice desperate and urgent, “Cas, come on, snap out of it. You gotta hear me. Cas, come on!”
“You know I can’t allow that, but you do present a problem. Where do I send you? Earth? No. You were meant to die. Heaven? No. That’s a reward for disturbing my slumber. Hell? No. I’ve seen Castiel’s memories. You’re too close to Hell. You are a problem, Dean, and I don’t like problems.”
Once it’s there, it morphs.
He helps Cas sit against the headboard and makes sure he swallows the tablets. Then he looks back at Sam and Jack and their unnervingly fond expressions.
That one’s a little trickier.
There’s an orange Ford Fiesta at the first pump. The door’s ajar and keys are still in the ignition. Less work than hot wiring, but...
And he’s leaving him.
His fever’s down to 99.5, and, for another fifteen minutes, at least, it’s still technically Christmas Eve.
He hesitates himself, waiting until he’s swallowed the medicine Dean dug out of his duffel to ask,  "Do you miss them? Lisa and Ben?"
“Violent,” Dean finishes, and Cas looks up at him in surprise. “How...?”
Then, finally, just as Dean is demanding Cas explain why he doesn’t know all the lyrics, to, of all things, Stairway to Heaven, The Empty returns.
But it is.
After he’d broken his wrist, he’d thought he could make it through an eight hour shift at a cash register, not remotely thinking through the fact that he was going to be constantly handling, at the very least, currency. Two hours in, Nora had handed him a bottle of anti-inflammatories and sternly told him to get out of there and get some rest.
She raises her eyes at him and blinks then goes back to licking, clearly pleased with herself.
meaning Sam, Dean, and the bunker, even though it has for quite some time.
He scratches behind her ears. “His fever spikes, we’re taking him to the E.R, capiche?”
“Okay. And, uh, how long you been hoping that?” Dean asks.
“Alright. Fine.”
Another time, after tending his new vegetable garden for a few hours too long, he’d rushed over to Sam’s apartment, fearing that the angry red swatches forming on his neck and arms were signs of some strange disease.
Specifically, Cas fears that Dean will remember their first, and, so far, only kiss -- the one shared as Dean plunged the First blade into his heart. That Cas had used the kiss as an opportunity to breathe the last of his fading grace into Dean as a last ditch effort to heal the Mark. That worked.
“Cas, come on. Know you’re tired, but gonna need you to stay with me here,” Dean’s voice wavers in and out, and Cas tries to hold his eyes open.
It lengthens and the bristles turn jagged at the edges, and he jolts back.
Cas tries to absorb that as Dean rattles on.
“Okay. Why?”
Cas leans towards them, blinking blearily and mumbles, “Capiche.”
“He’s messing with us simply because he can.”
without him.”
why Cas did what he did, but he has the feeling that, if he and Sam had been watching him, watching him at all, they could have stopped him.
The grace swims in Dean’s veins, cleansing him of the Mark.
“So it hurts.” Dean lifts Cas’ hand up to his lips and kisses it gently. “I’m sorry, Cas. About this whole human thing.”
It would, however, definitely not be whatever oversized black rat Cas is currently coaxing out of his truck.
He imagines he does. His clothes are still ripped and tattered and parts of him are covered in dried blood. He sighs. “Less hammered crap, perhaps.”
And those are the real demons here. The ones they’re all doing their best to fight.
“Sam?”
Then Cas hisses in pain, and he pulls back abruptly, watching in horror as Cas staggers backwards, eyes human and hazy. He catches him and tugs him back. He breathes into Cas’ hair as he slumps toward the grass, eyes closed, the first blade still lodged in his chest. “Don’t you dare. Don’t you fucking dare.”
Cas sighs heavily. He can't do anything right, for the angels or the Winchesters, no matter how hard he tries.
Dean’s voice from years before echoes unforgivingly.
“I wanted to thank you for staying over. I didn’t know that standing would make me so ...” Cas rubs at his forehead and sighs in exasperation, “dizzy.”
Dean rubs circles against his back, and he blinks and blinks and blinks until the TV set and the bunker’s kitchen fade from view and, finally, disappear entirely.
That, or to throw himself into every case he can to try to forget about the Cas sized hole that’s not just in the bunker but in his chest.
“I believe it’s really already ‘popped,’ and you know my answer,” Cas says.“I love you, and I would love to share my life with you.”
“Dean,” Cas says, and tears are welling in his eyes again, just like they were so many months ago. He leans his forehead against Dean’s and Dean leans into it. “I missed you.”
He drops Cas’ phone into his lap and starts rubbing at his temple, trying to dredge up something that’s just out of reach. There are giant gaps in his memory, whole years where all he can remember is him and Sam in the Impala together, taking on some vague mission to save the world. From what, he doesn’t have a frigging clue. But he thinks the whole road trip vigilante thing hadn’t really worked out for them in the end since what he doesn’t remember, Sam won’t tell him.
She barks, seemingly in agreement, but it's unnecessary.
He's getting too human.
we get out of here, I’m going to kiss the daylights out of you. So keep that in your self-sacrificing mind before you do something else dumb.”
Once the phone is in his hand, however, Cas sighs and offers an explanation. “I sell cars that are at least thirty years old. I learn their histories and origins and tell them to people... Lena says I sell history.”
The drive to Nevada is long. They almost run out of gas before hitting Denver, and after Denver, the cassette deck goes on the fritz.
He does.
He wishes he had Cas’ trenchcoat to hold on to.
It takes nearly an hour of fruitless searching to realize that the men appear to all have children, or, more accurately, teenagers, a few years younger than Claire. At least, he thinks that’s the case. Human ages can be difficult for him to discern.
Cas smiles softly before whispering reverently, “I need you to stay here in this place with me because I love you.”
On the one hand, he barely knows Cas, and he would clearly be leaving him in very capable hands if he just sauntered out the way he came in. On the other hand, he can’t just abandon the guy who can’t tell appendicitis from a hangnail.
“But I still hurt you,” Cas says, reaching across the table and tracing a finger along the scar on his arm.
He had felt an overwhelming, and, frankly, bewilderingly strong need to find Dean, simply to tell him what had transpired.
“Yeah, well, for some godforsaken reason, that moment of true happiness was, well,” Dean reaches down to pet Miracle, and his hand bumps into Cas’, ”telling me he’s in love with me. You dumbass.”
Cas nods contemplatively as Dean wishes patching up all their relationships could involve something a little more straightforward than talking about their feelings.
But the way Cas is doing it? That’s... Dean still doesn’t know what it is. But he thinks he’s getting warmer.
Cas’ eyes flash with irritation. “Sam could have driven instead of you. He’s not injured.”
He is tired. He is sore.
He fumbles for a moment, still unsure. “Dean...”
The only sound through their walk is the padding of their feet on the pavement.
Using the brief instructions that Sam has left him, Cas hacks into the Facebook account of the most recently deceased and looks for any kind of link to the others.
He picks the skillet up off the stove and starts scraping the burnt eggs to the floor where Grace readily laps them up. “Thought I told you not to do anything stupid?”
“That’s not true,” Cas says.
His cell phone begins buzzing against the wood of the side table, and he groans as he shifts to reach it. He's discovering that with an organ missing and stitches running down his side, there is no such thing as a comfortable position.
Cas glares levelly before flipping it open.
“Cas, I'm coming in there.”
Cas doesn’t respond, and Dean feels the rhythmic and reassuring fall and rise of Cas’ chest.
Instead, he finds Cas slumped below the stove against the oven door, holding a spatula in one hand and rubbing his forehead with the other. “I tried to make breakfast. It ...didn’t go well.”
“Oh, no need,” Chuck leans into the bedroom. “Oh, how rude. I should have knocked.”
“Democracy is fascinating,” Jack says, seemingly oblivious, “especially this democracy, Sam’s been telling me how the electoral college works. Rooney could win without winning.”
Cas had said he didn’t want to remember before.
One of the three of them. One of Sam and Cas. One of him and Cas.
Dean cocks an eye at him. "You turned down a
“You used up your grace because he asked you to take his memories?” Sam stares helplessly at Dean’s limp form, lying peacefully in the backseat of the Lincoln as the night sky passes overhead. “Did you two think this through? At all?”
“Cas’ phone. This isn’t Cas.”
His skin tingles under the ghost of Dean’s touch, a faint rustling tugs at the fabric of his trenchcoat, and the bunker, suddenly, smells of blood and earth and Dean.
If he’d caught up with Cas faster, if he’d realized what Cas was saying ...
An odd, electric feeling slams into him, and it feels as though his body is being pushed backward, away from The Empty, away from Cas.
He squints at the seat as the engine rumbles beneath them. “God?”
It wasn’t one sided.
“Got me. Angel radio’s gotten to him before, but this...this is different.”
“Tell me why not,” Dean says.
And, now, every time Dean looks at him, looking straight through him, without any hint of recognition, with no memory of any part of their messy, broken relationship -- his heart completely shatters.
“I’d much much prefer he stays. I’m just not certain he will. I was in pain earlier, and I made a selfish decision,” Cas says.
“No...Yes? I don’t know. Look, since Rowena lifted that hex off you, you’ve barely left the bunker, and you're kind of turning into a Netflix zombie. I want to know why.”
“I don’t have a phone or a car or money; this is a pay phone in Des Moines. On Grove Ave... I can steal a car or hitchhike if you’re hunting...”
Cas knits his brow together, tries to make everything stay in focus, and frowns when it still seems like there’s a filmy lense between him and Dean.
But worry gnaws and gnaws at him until finally he finds himself at Cas’ front door pounding on the knocker.
“So...you want to make a deal?” Dean asks.
Dean narrows his eyes. “Um, Cas, how you getting across town?”
Dean snorts before giving his shoulder another squeeze. “Dude, they do this all the time. You’ll be okay.”
"Yeah. But, I don't know. It's been long enough that it hurts less when they do. Know they're better off now anyway, far away from me."
“It’s okay, Dean. The rest of the world being fixed is truthfully more important.”
But he manages to wrap his arms tight around Dean, pulling him close. Dean shudders against him, surprised and relieved. “That's it, Cas. That’s it. Stay with me.”
Sam sighs and runs a hand through his hair before asking carefully, “What do you remember, exactly?”
He can hear the hope and the doubt warring in Dean’s voice.
Grace scoots her head forward, and Dean takes that as agreement. He keeps scratching behind her ears.
“Dead,” Dean finishes for him, bitterly. “Yeah.”
As he reaches down to kiss Cas, a small amber vial, that appears from absolutely nowhere, falls on his head.
There are crowds of what appear to be protesters holding signs stating, “Count the Votes.”
“Yeah, well, let’s not leave it to chance, alright?” Dean clasps his shoulder before dropping clean clothes in his lap. “Now hit the hay.”
Cas’ hand rests gently on his shoulder. “It’s not a competition for love confessions or bread. Though you would win against bread.”
Dean blinks, because they were definitely not talking about him.
His next plan, fortunately, works a little bit better.
Dean laughs and cheers, because even if it’s not his victory, Cas is, and he’s there anyway.  “Well, way to go Lucy Hernadez!”
And he's seriously thinking about breaking the door down when Dean's hand comes to rest on his shoulder. "You’re losing a fight with a door, Cas. Come on. You're taking a sick day. Stay here, watch crappy telenovelas, and sleep off whatever you've got."
His brain traitorously adds Cas to the list, and he grips the steering wheel too hard. They almost veer off the road, and Sam yells at him to watch it.
“Cas, man, I gotta say it again, when I know you can hear me. You gotta know I love you too. You’re a dumbass for wanting me, but you can have me. All of me. Don’t know what got in your head that made you think you couldn’t. Well, actually, I‘ve got a few ideas. But, you’re, well, I can’t do a whole speech like you did. What even was that back there? You just been holding on to all that crap about me being the best thing since sliced bread?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sprints across the parking lot, shoving multiple people out of his way.
“I suppose that is true, but Dean...Dean has a problem with his memories, and I fear that his being in a hospital will remind him of when he lost them.”
His eyes are barely open when Dean murmurs, almost inaudibly, “We’ve got a lot of time to make up for, pal.”
After a slight detour to the closest Gas N’ Sip, they make it back to the motel, and Cas sits on the edge of their bed, with Dean’s shoulder pressing against his and the thermometer tucked under his tongue, patiently waiting.
But he knows what Cas is like, and what Cas used to be like, and it’s absolutely not like this.
“I...my abdomen. I have not...I have not been stabbed, but it feels as though I have,” Cas says.
“Yes, it was, and now I'd ...” Cas surprises even himself by yawning, “I’d really like to go
Logistical things are the easiest to tackle.
That Dean will remember, after the Mark had disappeared, sitting at his brother’s bedside, stone faced and hopeless, knowing that Sam was there because of him. Because he’d struck him down with that vile blade when Sam had tried, in vain, to stop him from going after Cas.
“What did you do to me?” Chuck demands.
“With my truck.”
“Me and Rip Van Winkle will see you guys and the Munchkin in the morning :)
Dean thinks the subsequent coughing fit kind of serves him right.
Three episodes in, positive that there’s a pattern, Dean pauses the opening credits, despite Cas’ protest that they can’t leave it there, and puts a hand on his shoulder. “Talk to me.”
It occurs to Sam before it occurs to Dean: there has to be someone who knows
Something that was wrong enough to make him to do something stupid, crazy, and downright reckless.
“Good. That’s normal.” She peels back his gown to look at the stitches. “Anything else?”
He looks up at Dean slowly, wishing he didn’t have to say it. But he does. “No, it wasn’t Lucifer.”
Cas sighs, unhappy with the reminder, even though he was really the one that brought it up, and Dean shifts closer to him, pressing a hand to his shoulder. “Don’t worry, Wicked Witch of the West and her pals aren’t getting their warty hands on you. Not as long as I've got a say in it.”
Cas understands. He needs to see to believe.
Cas has a job.
“Are you sure?”
The room goes silent but for the steady tick of a machine to Cas’ right. Dean looks between the two of them expectantly, simply waiting.
And if Dean himself had a pet, well, he would never have a pet because the damn thing would shed all over his baby, but
“Cas is human,” Sam agrees simply.
Dean darts into the kitchen, ready to put out a fire.
"Dean,” Cas says, hurt that Dean still thinks this of himself -- the Mark is gone, “you are not a bad thing. You are the best man I’ve ever known.”
Dean snorts. “Yeah. Well, you gonna make it back to the bunker in one piece? Cause if you're ready to get some proper shut eye, we’ll stop.”
The grace continues to batter at them until they are knocked completely from Dean’s view, and only the grace’s dying glow remains.
Without a word, Sam takes the bottle from him.
He babbles to fill the overwhelming silence.
Dean rolls his eyes before plopping Sam's laptop next to him. "You want to help, okay, find out why the witches went after these guys... or sleep because we've been at it for three days and come up with exactly nada."
Cas looks thoughtful for moment then nods. “I'm certain my bed would be much more suitable than the floor.”
“Yeah, yeah, go get her, Tiger.”
Sam glances up again before shooting him a sympathetic frown. “I guess you wouldn’t be, after the whole thing with Rowena.”
Somehow, between Cas getting shuffled around the hospital and Dean trying to keep up with it, he ends up with Cas’ coat. He’s sitting in an unoccupied inpatient room, waiting for Cas to return from surgery, with the trenchcoat draped over the side of the chair, his cell phone buzzing insistently from inside the right pocket.
“No.”
Damn it, Cas. Damn it all.
He clenches his fists together and throws his head into his hands. He can’t take Cas being gone. Not again. He needs him. He needs him right now to get through the hell they’re all in. They need to wade through it all together. Defeat God. Call it a day.
Enjoy?
Getting antibiotics should be easy. Cas should, realistically, be fine. But his mind irrationally tosses all logic away. They’ve been through too much in too short a time. And Cas is human because of him.
He doesn’t even know where to start with what happened with Billie and The Empty.
It hurts.
“You’re right. He wouldn’t have,” Sam says coldly.
So now he wears too much sunscreen and worries about new toothbrushes making his gums bleed.
Before Sam has a chance to respond, Jack says, slowly, like he’s solved a complex puzzle, “You’re his happiness. That’s why The Empty came.”
But Dean’s arms are already around him. It feels like he has no intention of letting go. Cas hopes he doesn’t. He tries to grip Dean back just as tightly.
“Maybe,” Dr. Owens peers thoughtfully at Dean over her rectangle frames. “Maybe not. But, beating yourself up? That’s not going to get you or him anywhere. Besides, from what he’s told me, you didn’t know...”
It's difficult to say which of them sounds more confused.
Cas grips him tighter. “I have no intention of doing it again.”
But once the hospital staff gets him settled in his room, he barely has the energy or the cognizance to get Sam’s attention as he sees Dean dragging him into the hall.
“We’re coming to get you right now. But we got to know where you are.”
“So, Billie was going to kill me because apparently that stab wound I gave her was fatal. She had a literal death grip on my heart until Cas put up warding on one of the storage rooms, that’s what happened to his hand, but, uh, she was breaking through it. So Cas had the, uh, brilliant plan to cash in on a deal he made with The Empty to save Jack. The deal, I guess was for him to be happy?”
He squints at the caller ID with mild surprise. “Sam.”
With the terrifying realization that Cas is dead serious, Dean kind of snaps. “Yeah, Einstein, someone stabs you, you treat it. You feel like you’ve been stabbed, you don’t sit on it and hope you get lucky enough to have your dumbass neighbor, that doesn’t even really like you, come check up on you. Now let’s go.”
Thankfully, no one is there to witness his frustration.
And it's not a problem -- at least, not in the Dean
The word itself feels foreign on his tongue; he's not used to
Cas, uninterested in either food or conversation, lets him, before turning to look out the window. They’re not far from the ocean here, and there’s a flock of seagulls pecking at what appears to have once been a stack of waffles.
Then, in a low whisper, he adds, "And you know I deserved that, right? After...after what I did to you."
“No, Cas, I meant you. I’ve got some loose ends to tie up with the Mark. I’ve got to get the word out that Dean’s not a threat anymore. And I’m going to write up everything that happened, and get that information filed away in the Men of Letters library and some other hunter libraries, so no one has to go through what we did. Then maybe I can stay with Jody? I think she’s got a guest bedroom.”
“Doc?” Dean says to the woman in a white coat that’s rounding the doorframe. Her name tag reads Dr. Fuller.
He draws away, his words almost indistinct, “Can’t even look at my hands sometimes.”
He looks at him like he’s a mirage before tentatively coming closer. “Cas...is it really you?”
“He knew,” Sam says.
“Yeah?" Dean's arms fold back around him, "Well, sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite, try to keep your socks to yourself.”
“Then send me and Cas out of here together. Poof. Problem solved.”
He knows it’s his own doing.
This is it.
He's still standing there when Sam and Dean kick the motel door in.
“Yeah, well, I should have ...”
That would be an acceptable form of broken.
He feels it still.
Instead, because Sarah’s a respectable church-going Catholic, who gave him and Bobby some serious puppy eyes over Christmas Eve mass, he’s shuffling awkwardly to the end of the last empty pew at Saint Christopher’s, trying not to breath in the too heavy incense or Bobby’s too strong cologne, wondering if he’s suppose to pray to the big guy before the show starts.
“Yeah, well, doesn’t mean...” Dean abruptly drops his hand to bat Cas’ away from the door to the backseat, “Hey, what... what are you doing? Get in the front. This ain't a taxi.”
They had all made that perfectly clear.
“No, Cas, the city. Paradise, Nevada.”
But it’s not just that. He thinks he’ll probably be seeking the Winchesters’ forgiveness for the rest of time, especially Dean’s. No matter what he does to help them, he’s not sure he’ll ever feel he’s atoned for Mary’s death. No matter how many times they say he’s forgiven.
He’d ended up falling asleep at a table in the town library for three hours.
Cas sniffles into the sleeve of his suit, before insisting, raspily, “The service is only an hour long and...” he winces as as a coughing fit interrupts him, “
“Yes. You're right. I
But as he says it, they all see that Jack’s hands are glowing where they’re pressed to his neck. His whole body begins to glow from head to toe.
“But he would have been, one day,” Sam says, shaking his head.
“Rooney was leading last night, but the states that haven’t reported are too close to call,” Sam says, ignoring the elephant he brought in the room. The glaring reminder that their best friend is still gone.
There's actually not a lot of evidence that that is true, based on the other times he's been hurt, Cas thinks. But he doesn't question Sam. “I will look after him, Sam.”
Cas’ hand grazes absently over his stitches, as his mind starts to loop through the logistics of his situation. He needs someone to take him home. He needs to call work. He needs someone to water his flowers.
He doesn’t understand, though, why he’s awake.
“Yeah? Since when? Never seen you two palling around next door,” Dean says.
It’s disheartening.
Cas rolls his eyes. “The likelihood that you would agree to being ‘benched’ is slight. That was foolish.”
Dean has no idea how much time has passed when he wakes to a sharp throbbing pounding at his skull.
But, try as he might, he can't push the words away.
I like that. And you will. I believe in you.”
And as gross as that is, Dean’s first thought is that Cas is about to slip in it. He's pale and shaking and obviously unbalanced.
Once Cas is sitting, he pushes up one leg of his sweatpants and winces at Cas’ knee, “...that needs antibiotic ointment and a Band-Aid...”
He kills the lawn mower and frowns at her. She’s yipping like mad and her leash is trailing behind her. He looks down the street, expecting to see or, at least, hear a frantic Cas, but there’s no sign of him.
. I know what you were planning, and I know you wanted it to be tonight.”
He doesn’t want to remember all these things, all these things he’s been blocking out.
Dean’s eyes shoot to his hairline as he pulls back, “You think I’m upset
“Pity that you’re awake, but, no matter. I’ve learned how to put you back to bed. So, off you go.  Your son may try to bring you back, but it won’t work this time.”
“Good catch,” Mandy laughs good naturedly before inspecting the various machines to his side. “This is the PACU, post-anesthesia care unit, everyone comes here after surgery, so we can check up on you, make sure your vitals check out, make sure there’s no sign of a post surgical infection, that sort of thing. And for you, so far, looks like everything is checking out. So, I think we can get you back to your regular room here in a minute. What do you think?”
Cas blinks. “I’m not. I’m not an Archangel. At this point, I’m hardly even an angel.”
Tears are glistening on Cas’ cheeks as he gives him a soft smile. “Goodbye, Dean.”
Cas smiles. “Yes. That seems apt.”
There's a good chance, then, he realizes, that demons, ghosts, and who knows what else have been around the block.
Dean hesitates, because he’s not sure he wants to leave Cas alone just yet, but ultimately the ache in his back decides for him. “Yeah, alright. Just holler if you need anything.”
Cas nods stiffly.
Dean tries his best to ignore the way Cas sounds like he’s speaking from actual past stab wound experience. “And you’re not seeing a doc about it because...?”
Cas’ furrow deepens. “How...?”
“Yeah, no kidding,” Dean agrees, his eyes flicking to the rearview mirror, “and you still look like crap.”
Dean’s hand squeezes his again. “You can. Come on. Talk to me. Tell me what’s going on.”
Cas grins lightly at that. Anesthesia
So he nods.
He can’t deal with those looks so he tells the story.
When it finally beeps, Dean frowns over the reading. “100.5. Okay. Definitely coming down with something, so...” Dean pushes him back towards the pillow, “you’re staying here.”
“You came to check on me.”
Getting Cas admitted doesn’t take much more than his vitals being checked and the triage nurse asking him a few pointed questions, throughout which Dean stands awkwardly to the side, hands shoved in the pockets of his jeans, unsure of what he’s supposed to do.
Afterwards, he leans down and kisses his temple before awkwardly shuffling out the door, bumping into the doorframe with the promise he'll be back first thing in the morning.
“The Empty told him they would come for him when he experienced a true moment of happiness,” Jack says.
I’ve never missed Christmas mass before.”
Cas is right around the corner, fumbling as he pushes himself up from the ground with the help of a tree, looking out of sorts.
Dean snorts as Cas fights to keep his eyes open before momentarily resting a hand against his cheek. “Yeah, yeah. Sure you could.”
Dean all but throws Grace on the ground to get to him.
He drops it in surprise.
Cas shakes his head, as if he’s just remembered something. “Of course.”
“I know,” Cas says as he leans his head into Dean’s shoulder, breathing raspily.
“Wait, Dean, stop!” Jack shouts from the back. “I see him!”
But today, Dean, despite himself, is a little worried about the guy. Because his watering can has been missing for two whole days.
“Well, you definitely can’t. Election day was yesterday. But yeah, we’re all, well...” Sam trails off before turning back to the screen, clearly concerned about setting Dean off. It doesn’t take much these days. Even Dean knows that.
"Because he's five," Sam says. Then when Cas stares uncomprehendingly, he elaborates, "Most people get this when they're kids so..."
He’s honestly not sure what he could have done, what difference it would have made.
“Yeah, well, the couch was sort of taken...”
That's not even remotely in his wheelhouse.
,” Cas says, “but you know if I can’t leave here, and you can, I’ve already chosen saving you.”
He feels tears running down his own cheeks as they wrap their arms around each other, and Dean’s not sure that either of them plan on letting go.
Finally, in Cas’ bedroom, there are several bags of rock salt piled neatly beneath the window as well as a vial of holy water sitting uncorked on the nightstand.
The Dean in the screen leans forward and reaches for him. “Of course I can see you. You’re right in front of me!”
last night. You feel okay?" He places a surprisingly cool hand to Cas' temple. He frowns. "Sam, we still got that thermometer?"
“Yeah, I...” Dean scratches at the back of his neck feeling kind of sheepish. Because, while he does actually need his watering can back, that’s really not why he’s there. “Yeah.”
“Do yourself a favor, man, don’t get to know me. Probably make a shoddy regular Joe too.”
After the memory grenade has blown, and Dean’s come to his senses long enough to realize that berating and harassing Cas, or Sam for that matter, isn’t actually going to fix anything, he makes himself scarce by volunteering to get Cas a change of clothes.
There's only the one couch so he curls up on the floor under a spare blanket and tries, unsuccessfully, to doze off.
“That’s likely.”
“She’s just a dog, Sam.”
“Could. I could build houses.”
“I'll check on you again in the morning, otherwise a nurse will be up to change the bandage over the stitches and bring your evening dose of antibiotics.”
The dull buzz of conversation washes over the dimly lit diner as the sun begins to rise over the sleepy coastal town, and Dean nudges Cas towards the far side of the corner booth.
But now-- now that it’s too late, Dean does the only thing he can think to do.
“Yeah, I’ve got like 15 missed calls from him, and a few from Jack too. So, uh, to be continued...?”
He blinks a few times then squints at him. “You're on the floor.”
He's sound asleep when Dean fishes his phone out of his pocket.
“Clark County is one of the counties that hasn’t reported,” Jack says.
Because, sure, they threw the devil back in his box and dragged Cas back to the surface.
“Well, get cracking!”
Even the phantom of the blade thirsted for blood. He could feel the echo of it’s hum beneath his skin.
But he’s not even sure what did happen.
He presses his hand to the bloody handprint on his jacket and whispers, “Damn it, Cas.”
And honestly?
Cas furrows his brow. “Dean didn't say he was staying.”
Dean slumps backwards into his arms, a fragile shell of fragmented memory, and Cas lifts him up before pressing their foreheads together and whispering gently, “Not knowing you would be no favor."
"What? You? You're not broken,” he reaches one hand back and squeezes Cas' shoulder. “You're a mess, sure. But you ain't broken."
He sighs defeatedly before letting Dean lead him back to the bed. He then presses Tylenol and a glass of water into his hands. "And here. It'll help."
It’s not.
Dean picks the tablet up, sets it in Cas’ hand and slowly lifts it to his mouth. “Come on, pal, need you to take the damn pill.”
It's an old picture of him and Sam. He’s not even sure how old it is or how Cas came to have it.
There is still dissent, but, in his absence, it seems to be dimming.
They awake in a field of wildflowers in the middle of who knows where, and Dean gently cups Cas’ face in his hands and gently tips his face up. He studies his face carefully. Cas’ lip trembles slightly, and he licks at his lip.
The Empty is as vast and dark as Castiel remembered.
Dean's face falls as Sam, immediately, insists, “You didn’t know what you were doing."
“Great. That’s great,” Dean mutters before gesturing at Cas’ living room. “Well, if she likes me, she sure must love you...”
“Uh, we’re hunters? Casper and Co. are the real deal?” Dean says, wincing at the skepticism in his own voice.
“I can’t lose him, Sam. We just went through hell ...”
Cas smiles. “
Reluctantly, Cas uncurls his hand revealing a long, deep cut down the middle that’s covered in fresh blood. There’s dry, crusted blood beneath, and his whole hand is stained pink.
, can hook you up with some Netflix or something,” Dean suggests as he cups his shoulder and pushes him to the left. “Looks like you could use some rest.”
Cas sees them, lowers the sign, and waves, a thin smile lighting up his eyes.
“Well, I’ll, uh...” Dean ducks his head, because, really, they are in a church. “I’ll have to show you some more affection, when we get to the car.”
"An ancient being who has succumbed to such a thing is laughable," Cas says. Dean, at least, has the decency to look sheepish.
“Even Donna,” Jack adds solemnly, in the background. “It’s not just the people from apocalypse world. It’s everyone.”
He runs in the bathroom, spits what little there is out and stands shakily over the sink, waiting for the nausea to pass.
“Well, uh, guess we better blow this popsicle stand, huh?”
Unfortunately, the severe headache he's had since they got back in the Impala has somehow magnified, and concentrating on what should be a fairly simple task has become frustratingly difficult.
Cas nods slowly, apprehensively.
Which, in the beginning, when they’re still worried about leaving Cas alone in the bunker is not much of a problem. Dean makes breakfast and hands Cas his medicine. It becomes routine.
He screams.
“I was not missing Christmas Eve mass because my car chose an inconvenient time to break down,” Cas says before glancing down at his boots. “And no, not really. They are rather numb."
“Great, how do we fix it?” Dean asks. “Because somehow I don’t think Children’s Tylenol is a cure all here.”
“I need you, Cas. You’re not leaving. Not without me. Whatever’s in The Empty, we can take it out together.”
And that semi hysterical feeling punches him in the gut, because he doesn’t care enough, doesn’t love enough.
Cas just barely shakes his head before trying to fight his fluttering eyelids. “Should I be this drowsy? Is this normal?”
He wishes he had a body to think about burning.
“She may have overpowered you. And I want to believe you, but you’re not being completely honest.”
Dean raises his eyes which seems to give Cas a clue that he’s not giving Dean enough information. “She’s a short haired chihuahua. I've been told they're very difficult to house train, so... difficult for the rescue to find good owners for. I hope I will do.”
There’s movement next to him, and he looks over to see Dean twitching slightly in his sleep, undoubtedly from a nightmare. He presses a hand to his shoulder to settle him, fighting the impulse to wake him up.
He grips the war room table and somehow manages to spit out, "How did you...how?”
The reception is usually excellent.
“To put it lightly.”
to do that. I knew where he was. If I waited, he could have been gone,” Cas draws his hand back and presses his head into it. “I can’t...I can’t do it again. Not yet.”
Dean stops and lets them absorb that, but neither of them seem particularly surprised.
He had felt an overwhelming guilt for the things that he had done to Heaven both then and before.
He tries again.
“I can’t, Dean. It’s...it’s so difficult.”
Dean gives him a lopsided smile and claps his shoulder. “Yeah, actually, I don’t. You’re at the very top of my to do list.”
“Har. Har.”  Alex departs with another goodbye and casual wave, leaving Kaia and Claire behind. Kaia sinks into the one chair by Dean’s bedside. Despite her weight gain, she still looks impossibly small and vulnerable, made worse by the fact that she’s dressed in baggy jeans and a sweatshirt that falls to midthigh.
“He was 101.8 an hour ago.”
“You like that?” Shay whispers into his mouth, like she’s an advertisement. The uneasy feeling grows, prickling up and down his spine. “That’s just a little preview of what kind of things this mouth can do.”
“Thank you,” the guy says. He sucks in a breath of smoke. Dean watches how his cheeks inflate. And then he lets it out slowly. And Dean watches how his lips pucker a little around the stream.
“Any word from, ah,” Sam trails off awkwardly. Jack looks over his shoulder at him, smile drooping slightly, and Sam immediately feels bad.
“He said that?” Charlie says skeptically. “Specifically said
A digging, scratching, pressing pain across his ribs. Inside of his body. Dean wants to pass out. Please, God, let him pass out.
Dean’s always felt skeevy about meds, especially the stuff that has such noticeable, immediate effects, like the sleeping pills or valium, which he only ever takes when things get so bad it isn’t even
He gets to Meg’s in five-minutes flat.
“Sure,” Dean says vaguely. “That sounds great, Sammy. I gotta go, okay? Talk to you later. Bye.”
Tears clog Dean’s throat, but he’s not going to fucking
“I know, Jack,” Cas can’t help but sigh. He can’t look at Jack, because the pain in the boy’s face is like looking in a mirror. He smooths Dean’s damp bangs away from his forehead. “I know.”
Cas gets a response nearly immediately from Meg.
I have drafted up to chapter 27. I have outlined the rest of the story beyond that. I am roughly planning for 40 chapters. I’ve loosely structured this story around a ‘year in the life’ kind of configuration with three main subplots: Dean’s mental health break and recovery (what’s published so far), what Dean’s gonna do about Emma (upcoming arc), and the conclusion of the will-they-won’t-they romantic tension. Obviously, all of these subplots are overlapping. Dean’s mental health and trauma recovery are main themes, as is coming to terms with fatherhood and deciding whether he’s going to attempt a relationship with Cas, so whether you’re here for the emotional turmoil, family drama, or romantic subplot, I hope there’ll be plenty of surprises left in store for all of you. That said, I am beyond thrilled about all the love you’ve been giving this story. I treasure each kudo, bookmark, and comment!
“I hear it’s your birthday?” Dean’s roommate asks. She’s been a silent presence thus far; Dean wouldn’t even know she was there but for the steady heart rhythm and the fact that the orderly who brought in her meal – she’s apparently well enough to keep down a pudding cup and plate of mushy vegetables – dislodged the curtain so Dean to see her shaggy blond head and wan face. She’s got a book open on her lap, marking her place with a finger as she stares at Dean.
Dean would have gotten another slap upside the head if Bobby was close enough; instead, Bobby scowls and leads him back out of the garage with a string of fond insults. After that, Dean jogs inside to hug Ellen goodbye. She presses a Pyrex of leftovers into his hands and gives him a look that warns him away from protesting.
Dean’s in front of Cas’s door before he makes any conscious decision to go there. He’s breathing hard, slight wet rasp at the tail because he took the stairs at a run.
She leads him to the bed. He sits on the edge. She sits beside him, not crowding, but still near enough to touch him. She puts a hand on his leg. She grabs his hand with her other and crosses their arms, so his palm is against her thigh, just below the hem of her skirt. He can feel the crisscrossed pattern of her stockings.
“You see where Cas went?” Dean says. He tries to keep his tone neutral. Because of course there’s no reason to get fucking anxious. And Dean really needs to learn to stop getting so fucking worried whenever someone he cares about isn’t in the same room as him.
“Fucking bastard,” Benny says, and makes to clap Dean on the back. But Dean catches Benny’s hand in the air, gives his fist a gentle pat, and the two of them exchange a soft glance that always makes jealousy rear its ugly head in Sam’s chest, cause he’s Dean’s
“I’m calling in answer to the application you left with me the other day.”
and she put her hand on his crotch. His dick leapt forward at her touch.
Charlie shrugs, “I kinda like to do my own thing on Christmas.”
“No,” Cas says. “I know for certain that Luke and Alfie are staying here, although I doubt Michael will be. He lives in Brookline near Mother. No doubt Anna will be busy getting ready.”
“I don’t fucking know,” Dean groans. “Yes? He – even if we’re not gonna, you know.”
Hemmingway wrote it so much better. He made it sound so much simpler than Cas:
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says with forced nonchalance.
Then Cas fishes under the pullout mattress for a minute until he pulls out the shoes he must have taken off last night. He shoves his feet in without bother to untie the laces. He stands.
“Thanks,” Dean says. He feels too ill to bother feeling embarrassed.
Charlie sniffs. She rubs her nose on her arm. Her eyes are a little too bright when they fix themselves on Dean’s face, and she can’t be too drunk because her pupils are still tracking him.
Sam hasn’t been in Bobby’s bedroom since he was a little kid, when he was still young enough that the idea of Bobby’s bedroom hadn’t yet taken on a strangely intimate and almost mythical milieu. Now, as he and Victor haul Dean atop Bobby’s faded, patched coverlet that’s probably existed since before the Civil War, Sam tries not to look around too much.
. But it’s kinda pretty, too, Dean can admit. Soft and smooth. And he tries it out on his tongue, real quiet even though there’s no one around to hear him on the dark and empty streets. “Castiel.”
Sam’s only three blocks away. He can do this. He can do this for Dean. And his head aches with each step. His vision strobes. He pauses once to dry heave into a dumpster, but he keeps going.
“Less often,” Dean lies. He’s still not sure what path he’s supposed to take here: if he’s supposed to pretend the meds work or pretend they don’t so he can get off them quicker.
“I can’t fucking do it,” Dean says, and he’s near tears, and he’s so stupid. Such a shit coward. And he’s never going to meet Emma. He’s never going to see his daughter –
Sam eases Dean into the backseat. Dean honest to God goes fetal on the leather bench, knees drawn to his aching chest. He’s shivering. Miracle hops in after; Sam makes an aborted noise of protest, but Dean doesn’t pay attention, because Miracle lays down quiet in the footwell and turns his head to rest his chin on the seat in front of Dean’s face, so all Dean can see is big brown, shiny eyes and wet, black nose.
“Will we die?” Jack finishes. “Just like normal humans?”
“Gonna get y’all the good shit. Hydroponic all the way. Smooth little Sativa. Fuck you up with class.”  Ash comes back with a little baggie of dried, crumbly flowers and some rolling papers. “You been high before, right, man?” Ash asks Dean as he hands the bag to Charlie.
“Okay,” Sam says again. He doesn’t sound certain. Dean wonders if he has cause to be worried, but the idea of taking the time for self-reflection right now is too exhausting.
“You gonna?” Dean asks.
“Yeah, yeah,” Christian mutters. “The Invisible Man.”
Emma is immediately enamored by Bobby’s scratchy beard and soft lap. Dean doesn’t blame her. He may have grown out of sitting on the old man’s lap not long after they first met, but he has a few fond memories of curling up on Bobby’s knee while the old man read to him from large, colorful picture books, surrounded by the smell of motor oil and cigar smoke.
“I’m afraid that, due to confidentiality concerns…”
“Yeah?” Dean says wryly. “Fuck that.” And he’s been talking too much, so he has to take a break to do more heavy breathing.
or anything. Dean just wants a friend, is all. It can get a little lonely without the Hunters, with only Bobby at the garage during the day and Sammy at night. And what Cas said, about not wanting to fight, it’s stuck inside Dean’s head now. He can’t get it out until he finds out what Cas meant by it.
Dean’s throat is tight. Nausea rears its ugly head so intensely inside Dean’s stomach that for a second he thinks he’s going to upchuck in the middle of Cas’s floor. Dean presses a hand hard to his belly. He backs up another step.
Dr. Jorgensen had explained that Dean wasn’t improving how they hoped, that the hospital wouldn’t be able to release him if he didn’t respond better to the medication. Regardless, Dr. Jorgensen recommend he and Cas start looking into impatient treatment centers where Dean could land on his feet after two or three months.
“Tell me no, Cas,” Dean says, angling his head so he can kiss below Cas’s jaw, tongue dragging over rough stubble.
Donna is sitting in a chair across the room, but Dean barely even registers her presence. There’s not much else in a room that can distract him when his daughter’s there.
The swelling caused by the rebar caused irreversible nerve damage in Dean’s spine, which resulted in partial paralysis in his left leg, occasional agonizing and debilitating muscle spasms in his lower back and abdomen, and decreased proprioception, which basically meant his balance and special awareness are screwed to hell.
. Charlie obviously plays for the other team. Like, sure, lesbian porn is hot as fuck, but Dean made it a rule not to chase the real thing when he was in his early twenties. Like Sam’s always telling him:
“Alright, alright,” Christian drops his hands and backs up from Victor. And Sam swallows back the twinge of irritation directed at Christian for only ever intervening when a situation’s already under control. He just wants to make himself look big. Anyone with eyes could tell he and Victor had been battling it out for second in command ever since Dean stepped down and Benny took over. “Cut it out, girlie.”
,” Dean says. He leaps away, and then whatever kind of magical moment they’d been sucked into is shattered. “You – fuck.”
And the idea of being held – yeah. That sounds nice, too.
“And Andrea was super suspicious I was your girlfriend, so I just flirted super hard with her to throw her off the scent. I think she kinda liked it.”
“I need to speak to your brother, Sam,” Anna tells him in a remarkably steady voice. “I need to go to Singer’s Auto.”
It’s almost like it was her mother’s reproach that was the trigger, because Lydia rolls her eyes, grabs Emma from her grandmother’s arms, and crosses the room to Dean. And she offers Emma to him.
“Trying to not think about it,” Dean says. It’s as near the truth as he can get. Any time he does think about it, he feels like his chest is being sat on by a rhinoceros. He’ll become paralyzed if he stops to consider what the hearing actually
, he can’t help himself.
“Pleasure,” Bela says, baring all teeth in a smile, like a hunting lioness. “Visyak is a charmer, isn’t she?”
He lets Cas manhandle him against the seatback. Closes his eyes again and focuses on breathing from his belly like Dr. Jorgensen said.
Bobby’s behind the wheel of his truck by the time Dean climbs into the passenger seat.
“What the hell did you do?” Dean roars, and he shakes Cas’s shoulders. Panic courses through his body, singing in the back of his head. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
Sam pulls back into himself: to the hard, plastic chair and the air choked with the smell of antiseptic. He realizes his cheeks are damp with tears. He draws his sleeve across his face before answering.
And the only thing Sammy wanted to do was leave.
“Thanks, Bobby,” Dean says quietly. He presses the icy block to his eye, flinching a little at first contact but relaxing as the coolness seeps into the heat and swelling of his bruised face.
“Ah, sure,” Dean squeaks. He edges into the room, and he tries to stop staring at the naked lady – but it’s a fucking
Dean snorts. Looking back on it now, he knows he was probably depressed. At the time he thought he was just lazy. Exhausted from having to take care of his seven-year-old brother, certainly too tired to be interested in friends or sports or school, which made his grades drop when he entered middle school. He started cutting soon after. It started as self-punishment, motivation not to mess up Dad’s orders, to do better in school, to not get noticed by teachers or hotel managers or social workers.
wanted Cas to do last night. He shouldn’t be upset at Cas for doing the wrong thing when Dean doesn’t know what the right thing was.
“Good morning, Bela,” Joshua replies with a gentle smile.
“That’s awesome, dude,” Dean says stupidly.
They make it to the bathroom. Cas helps ease Dean against the sink, and then he hesitates. “Will you be alright on your own?”
–” But Emma shows no signs of quieting for the same song that sent her off to sleep hours before. Besides, Dean’s voice is a croak. He’s too strung out and exhausted to put much feeling into it.
It goes smoothly until about an hour and a half in, when Emma starts fussing. Dean tries bouncing her again, distracting her with various toys, rocking her, making faces, anything he can think of to make her not dissolve into full-out wailing. He’s hyperaware of Donna watching him. She offers to try, but she doesn’t seem judgmental, just helpful.
“Right,” the guy brushes it all off with a quick smile; Dean guesses he’s probably used to dealing with combative people. “If you’ll follow me…. Dr. Vallens likes to keep her clients in separate waiting rooms before meeting for conference,” he explains as he leads them to the left. He opens a small sitting room and waves them inside. “She’ll call you in a moment.”
“He’s a good guy,” Dean says. His voice is fucking wrecked. God, he wishes he’d grabbed a coffee.
“Absolutely,” Cas says, and he almost looks grateful for having something to do.
“I – sort a’? It fell apart over winter break. I was eighteen at the end of January. So I was – I mean, I was old enough to know what I was doing.”
“We gotta find Dean!” Sam yells. No one’s fucking listening to him. No one’s even fucking looking at him except Jo, who’s got a strange, half-angry, half-scared look blazing in her eyes.
“Dude, stop,” Dean says, a little more abruptly than he’d meant. “I’m – I’m not uncomfortable, okay?” He coughs. He tries to make himself sound sincere, because he is fucking sincere, but it’s hard to talk at all. Dean’s not used to being so painfully honest. At least not when he’s not in the middle of dying.
“I think a bit of worry may be warranted,” Cas says. He drags Dean back into the bed, props him on his side with one of his pillows, and covers him with the blankets again. He smooths his hand across Dean’s forehead, brushing sweaty strands of hair away from his skin, and it feels so nice that Dean whines and chases the contact when Cas pulls away.
“S-stop,” Dean pleads. He lifts his freed left hand to his face and covers his eyes. He doesn’t want Cas to look at him. He curls his head toward the floor, but Cas guides his face to his lap. He puts his fingers in Dean’s matted hair.
He wants to be alone. He wants to wash away the past few days. He wants to stand under a hot stream of water and let the heat bleed into him, scald his skin, peel flesh from his bones.
By the time the food arrives, they eat, and they shower off the day, it’s after one o’clock. Dean is so exhausted he doesn’t bother popping a sleeping pill. He crawls into the bed and luxuriates in the extra space, extra plushness of the pillows, and extra thread count in the sheets. The day has tired him out, what with the sustained panic of the flight, dealing with Luke, and the fact that he worked a six-hour shift before leaving. He drops off to sleep almost immediately.
“Don’t, man,” Dean says quickly. “You scraped my ass off the floor plenty of times before. Consider it payback.” And Dean doesn’t think about the half bottle of whiskey he hid in the kitchen. He doesn’t think about it because – because it’s not like he’s going to –
“It’s strange,” Cas continues with a small huff of a laugh, “I still find it more difficult to come out as autistic than pan.”
“Sure,” Benny says. “See you around?”
They haven’t done the whole imaginal re-experiencing thing that Billie tried with the car accident back in December. She’s wanted to ease Dean into it this time, wary of scaring him off again if she went too fast. Dean thinks she’s probably right to worry. He’s already itching to run for the door.
“You okay?” Sam asks. He looks as nervous as Dean feels, and it doesn’t do much for his confidence.
“What happened?” Cas asks. “That sent you to jail,” he clarifies.
, spiel, because it’s not like Dean’s never messed up in that regard.
“Can’t,” Dean chokes out. “I can’t.”
From Charlie’s childhood room, they move to the less personal guest room. There’s a box of Christmas decorations in the closet that Charlie gets misty over, but most of the rest of it gets tossed into the
“Fucking Yahtzee,” Dean spits.
“You in the city?” Donna asks.
“You wanted to protect your brother,” Billie says gently.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’re in the Empty,” Jack explains after a minute, but Cas doesn’t need him to. He recognized the place immediately, the endless expanse of black void. The vastness of it is almost like a physical presence: so heavy it is like an oppressive blanket across Cas’s shoulders.
“Don’t worry.” Charlie knocks her elbow against his shoulder when she climbs out of her chair. “It’s just Maryjane, and I won’t even peer pressure you if you don’t wanna join me.”
Dean touches his thumbs to the tips of each of his fingers, mirroring the movement on both hands, feeling the ridges of his fingerprints.
“The ones who molest their teenage daughters are.”
Cas doesn’t call him back. Doesn’t come after him. And good. Good. Because it’s not like Dean fucking deserves it, and it’s about time Cas learned his lesson.
Dean follows Cas downstairs until they reach his apartment door. Cas is suddenly more nervous.
“Sam?” Dean sits up unexpectedly, riding a surge of energy. Cas tries to press him gently back to the pillows, but Dean’s hand comes up, closes tightly around Cas’s wrist. “Sam? N-no. Don’t let – mmmh.” Dean’s voice cuts off with a low moan. He squirms for a minute, turns back on his shoulder, pulls his knees toward his stomach, and doesn’t let go of Cas’s arm.
His skin stings. It’s red and raw from the hot water.
“Of course, zero strong emotions isn’t the same thing as completely numb. Sometimes a person’s brain can shut down – what’s called disassociation – entirely when faced by a trauma. It means their brain has distanced themselves so thoroughly that it refuses to face the event at all. That requires retraining the brain into feeling and accepting the emotions connected to the trauma. Sometimes disassociation can run so deeply a person will forget a trauma entirely.”
They wish each other
Cas raises his eyes as though daring him to disagree. “Yes. I sell cars.”
“Yeah, well, we don’t hunt those ones,” Dean says.
Dean’s voice on the other end only increases those feelings.
“Hey Cas, this, up here,” he tugs on it for emphasis as he hangs it on the rearview mirror, groaning heavily as his shoulder protests, and leans heavily against the bench, “means you took your meds.”
There's some kind of back log with the paperwork, and they won't let him leave without homecare instructions and paper copies of all his prescriptions -- three in all: an antibiotic, a painkiller, and a stronger painkiller.
“You got out of here by being annoying the first time, right? Let’s try that. What did you do anyway?”
Then his cheek.
"Yeah, so, when he snaps out of it, remind him that you're human and miserable."
He’s overwhelmed and confused, and all he wants his nice safe kitchen.
And Dean knows he’s going to get even more pissy when he mentions Metatron, so he decides to skirt it, at least a little longer, “Wanted to, uh, make sure you were steering clear of daytime talk shows. Sticking to the good stuff.”
Then the impossible happens.
And he doesn’t even feel like he’s there until a nurse presses his hand against his shoulder, eases him into the chair, and tells him to breathe.
Dean shakes his head. “Nah, I need this. I need this like you wouldn’t believe.”
“Yeah, well, you’re in love with me, so I’m going to call that a biased opinion,” Dean mutters as he wraps his hands back around Cas’ middle. “And, uh... not like I haven’t hurt you. I know the Mark’s gone. I do. But, Cas, I dream about what I did to you...”
And Dean’s not going to say he gets it. Because he definitely doesn’t.
“No, I want you here. Believe me. But, uh, think you could use a little more fresh air than you’re getting...so, uh...how about me and you? How about we go for a drive or something?”
“Far as I’m concerned, that’s a damn good thing,” Dean says. “You’re the only angel I ever liked. Certainly the only one I ever considered family. And I never ever want to hear you say you aren’t important again. Because you are.”
The sun is barely starting to filter into Cas’ bedroom when Grace jumps on Dean and starts licking his face.
And, from what Dr. Owens and Sam have told him, that tiny pink tablet is going to help Cas remember the confident, self-righteous jackass he used to be. And, okay, maybe that’s not exactly what Dean or Cas actually wants out of this, but finding some kind of middle ground between the Cas he first met and the Cas that keeps setting himself on fire to keep him and Sam warm? Well, that’d be a welcome change.
Because if he did, Cas would still be there. Right?
“Now Dean says he’s giving you a ride, he’s giving you a ride. It’s Christmas.”
“Four miles? Dude, it’s barely above zero!” Dean says. “Can you even feel your toes?”
Without looking at Sam, because he’s not ready for his reaction, to, well, any of it, he reaches into the first aid kit for Tylenol and grabs the glass of water from the nightstand. “Come on, Cas, buddy, we need to get your fever down.”
The bubble of hope collectively rises, and Sam hits the speaker button.
“Fix this place! Return me to my eternal slumber!”
Dean manages an eloquent ‘uh’ before the sound of the opening hymn being played on the organ drowns out anything he might have said. So he just shrugs and smiles sheepishly before very deliberately facing the altar.
“Guess Chuck Thanos snapped the DJs too,” Dean mutters. “Are we the only ones left? Me, you, Sam, and Jack?”
"No,” Cas says vehemently. "You did not. No one ever
That him doing this foolish thing means
"You can't?" Dean repeats.
He hears the Impala rumble, and he hears Sam mumbling.
Cas nods, still not looking up. Dean sighs and settles in next to him before letting himself get sucked in. After the whole nonsense with Amara, he’d be lying if he said he didn’t want this kind of escapism himself. He can give in to the siren call too, at least temporarily.
He belongs.
“I don’t know. Your mojo just started spit firing at my cosmic doppelgänger. You know what that was about?”
It turns out that leaving Grace to her own devices for what turns out to be three hours, with no supervision, is, in fact, not a great idea.
Unbidden, images of all the angels that have lost their lives at his hands flash through his mind and bile from his empty human stomach rises.
“Great. That’s just great. A wannabe dictator is preventing me from getting to Cas.”
Dean scrubs a hand down his face. Because mentally ill? That’s still sick.
Dr. Owens sternly cuts him off, “
These physical ailments, however, while confusing and irritating, are not what truly make him ache.
“Yeah,” Sam leans in the door, “ we probably should go. But...um...Cas... you, uh, sure you’re up for that?”
“The radio’s not working,” Cas says as he continues to fiddle with the dial.
He’s fine, he
Dean cocks an eyebrow. “You're kidding, right? Dude, it's
as Cas sidles too close -- not that he really has a choice -- and places his coat over the bench, letting its sleeves dangle over Dean’s. He doesn’t quite smile, because Cas never quite does, as he straightens. "It’s good to see you, Dean. I have missed you at the library."
“Yeah, like I said, long story. You both need to hear the whole thing, but not right now. But, uh, no car, no mojo. We’re basically stranded.”
Dean snickers before leaning down and cupping his chin in his hands and kissing him gently. “You and Sammy can bench me in a couple days, when I’ve got whatever you’ve got. How’s that?”
Ultimately, Dean’s proud of her -- not that he'd admit it.
“I don’t know. We are the only ones I’ve seen on the road.” Cas leans forward and squints into the distance for a few moments. “It seems deserted.”
“Sioux Falls.”
He remembers, vaguely, that, about an hour into their drive, Sam had noticed him scratching and fidgeting in a completely vain attempt to get comfortable and encouraged him to take some Benadryl. It must have been very effective because, although his impulse to scratch is far less urgent now, he’s having a lot of trouble focusing.
It's an excruciatingly long walk -- Cas ought to be horizontal and every couple steps, his body seems keen to remind them. That alone would be problem enough but Grace, who seems to think Dean has whatever was wrong with Cas under control, has decided to enjoy a leisurely walk. She's sniffing everything and trying her hardest to make them trip over her leash.
“Oh, um, I’m not sure. This is a pay phone.”
Dean climbs out and picks the dog up. “Feels like a miracle he’s out here. And looks like he likes you. Don’t you, Miracle?”
He pushes Cas back against the bench and drapes the blanket over his back. He smiles warmly at him before taking a picture of him sleeping, making certain that his now ring clad finger,  resting above the blue flannel, is prominently displayed before sending a text to Sam, Bobby, and Sarah.
“I think I might,” Sam says slowly, and they both turn to stare at him. “I’ve been reading a lot of angel lore lately, and, well, Cas, you’re empathizing more than the other angels, more and more.”
But right now, he should be halfway to Bobby’s anxiously rehearsing the speech that goes with the silver band that’s wedged deep in his right pocket -- the one that, until a few hours earlier, he’d been planning on subtly sticking into a hymnal during communion.
“No, it’s not bullcrap?”
“You matter like crazy.”
Dean hopes he only needs one of the them.
While Dean chews through his third pecan pancake, Sam shoots him a concerned look. Cas shrugs. If something's wrong, he doesn't know what it is. "I'm not hungry."
Cas continues to sit too far forward, looking for god knows what, until he suddenly puts his hands on the dash to look even further forward. “There’s something up ahead. Dean, stop!”
“Why would he do that?” Cas frowns, perplexed. “Why would he come back
“Well, aren’t you a ray of sunshine,” Dean huffs, before tossing his menu on the table and rubbing at his eyes and forehead, clearly frustrated that the pattern between the town’s three mysterious deaths has not yet revealed itself. “Guess we’ll let you get turned into a toad.”
He, Sam, and Dean have to find her before it's too late.
Dean absently rests his hand against Cas’ coat. “Wait... do I know Cas?”
. That's just what he does.”
Grace, seeming to sense his anxiety, curls up next to him and rests her chin on his knee.
This reassurance is meant more for Dean than Cas, but Cas seems to understand that. “What happened?”
Mandy hums thoughtfully. “Are you really worried about him being here? Because if you think it’s going to cause a problem, we can ask him to leave. You let us know if you need us to.”
He closes his eyes and shakes his head. Because that’s the worst part of all of this.
He lifts Cas into a bridal carry and calls for Sam
Cas points out the window at Dean’s front door, where Sam is walking out looking perplexed.
“I’m not overly fond myself,” Cas says picking up his own menu, in gesture of ritual more than intention. Even toast sounds unappealing.
Dean pulls Cas against him, and lets his shoulder rest against his. “Hey, Romeo, you okay?”
He shakes his head, and Dean rubs slow circles against the back of his hand. “Why not? You went after Metatron. You had to leave to do that.”
Cas tilts his forehead into Dean’s and nods. “I’m sorry it didn’t work. I never should have trusted Lucifer. I believed him when he said he could...”
“Dean? A word?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean slams on the breaks just short of hitting a medium sized fluffy white dog. He stares for a few moments before asking, “How did Chuck miss you?”
That couldn’t be right. Could it?
So, with the realization that Dean really shouldn’t be at the hospital with him, for his own sake, because getting back the memories of all the destruction he had wrought could only bring him pain, Cas feels his eyes welling.
“Yes. A salesperson. I sell cars.”
Dean doesn’t even take the keys from the ignition as he practically rolls out of the car and runs to Cas.
“Your watering can...” Cas starts and Dean shakes his head.
Sam and Jack are both standing anxiously at the side of Cas’ bed, where Miracle is curled next to a half conscious Cas, when Dean comes back in his room with a damp washcloth.
So, through some serious networking leg work, Sam comes up with the name of Mandy Owens, a psychiatrist in Lincoln, Nebraska.
“Oh,” Cas softens completely as he rests his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “You didn’t mean for mass.”
Dean places the back of his hand to his forehead and nods. “Yeah, you need something. And, uh...” he seems to chew over something before saying, hesitantly, “makes you feel any better, laughed at Lisa too.”
He needs his kitchen and his TV back.
“Well...good luck!” Dean says, giving him a simple, neighborly thumbs up as he heads back for his own house.
Dean thinks he’ll have to forgive Sarah for dragging him here. Maybe even thank her.
And the guy actually needs him to swing by his house for a toothbrush and a pair of sweatpants.
Cas sniffles slightly before glowering at him. “I’m not certain I’ll survive you asking me that again, but I’m certain I’ll survive mass.”
There’s a long pause...so long that Cas is afraid Dean hung up.
He goes somewhere almost everyday. Works irregular hours. Wears his trench coat.
He doesn’t really register what’s going on for most of the rest of the ceremony, since most of his headspace is absorbed by Cas’ hand tugging him between the bench and the kneeler, quite frankly, an unreasonable amount of times.
Before Dean can reply, Cas opens the office door and scans the hall. His eyes rest on Dean, somewhat fondly, but there’s almost nothing in them -- no unnervingly piercing gaze, no righteously angelic wrath; they're simply hollow husks of what they once were.
“No,” Cas squints thoughtfully. “Talk is not the right word...if I touch them...I can sense where they've been, who has been in them -- what those people were like. And the longer a car is driven, the stronger those sense memories become.”
“He gripped me tight and raised me from perdition,” Cas murmurs as he laces his hand into Dean’s.
Dean’s voice is breaking, tears are welling in his eyes, and Cas is lost.
can be fixed?"
Cool black ooze slowly engulfs them, covering every last inch of their skin until they disappear completely.
And, if he’s really honest with himself, he kind of likes this weirdly serious, dorky guy that won’t stay out of his garage, and therefore doesn’t think he should leave the guy here all by his lonesome.
The electric feeling builds, and a transparent, viscous goo begins to separate him from Cas.
They sing everything they can collectively think of for what feels like hours. Their clasped palms begin to sweat.
“Dean?”
“Do you want me to leave?” Cas asks. It’s too careful, and Dean winces. Because that’s not it. At all.
“Well, seeing the two of us together may trigger the memories, but that will really be up to Dean,” Cas says. “He has to want to remember. And when he does, likely it will be a painful process, but we will be there for him.”
“Yeah, of course we will,” Sam says. “So, where are we taking him?”
“This is...this is not my room?”
Contrary to any expected reaction, Dean doubles over laughing, only coming up for breath when Sam comes up behind him. "Sammy....Cas...Cas has chickenpox."
What feels like hours later, when Dean’s wrapping him in a completely unnecessary blanket, Sam ahems from the front seat, “Not to break up your makeout session or anything, but, uh, I think we need to talk about getting Cas some help.”
“Yeah, I know. I know you will. That's actually kind of what I’m worried about...”
He’s barely through processing this when the door creaks on its hinges. Dean's voice carries through the half opened door, "Cas...hey, you awake? You weren't answering your...”
He drifts back to sleep, praying that his worries about Dean, and his apparent panic attack, are misplaced.
“That he agreed with,” Mandy says firmly. “I doubt he would have if he didn’t want to.”
“Grace!”
Seemingly satisfied with that, Bobby turns back to Sam and Sarah.
And Sarah? Thanks for dragging me to church.”
He breathes in the cool evening air as it breezes lightly against his skin, making him shiver. He’s overwhelmed by the scent of salt, surf, and sand that wafts over him. He listens carefully and hears the faint sound of the tide. "The ocean?"
was God’s favorite,” Dean says.
“I’m certain they’ll have pain medicine. I stocked it at the Gas N’ Sip often.”
He’d been considering calling Sam, to ask if he needed to see a doctor, but this --  this was beyond the scope of what he’d suspected.
Cas knits his brow. “Since around this time yesterday, I believe."
He blinks blearily and shifts uncomfortably, trying to sit up without jostling his IV.
Dean gives Jack a blank look before he clarifies, “Las Vegas is in Clark County.”
He sinks deeper into his pillow and mumbles, “The medicine is...kicking in, I think.”
“Cas, come on, look down at your hand. You got a wedding band that says something stupidly sappy in Enochian, don’t you? I don’t get Sammy to look up that kind of crap for just anybody.”
Dean pulls the bottle of peroxide out to clean the cut, and he’s almost afraid to do it, because he’s started shaking, and he doesn’t know when tears started running down his face.
Cas braces himself as her hand grazes his tender skin.
They both wrap Cas in a hug, and, as the revelry goes on around them,  for the first time in a long time, they all feel whole.
, actually.  Because of whatever Amara did while you were playing puppet.”
As he does, the faint smell of smoke makes the leash seem irrelevant.
“That’s not...that’s, uh...” Dean’s fingers twist anxiously at the ring as he fumbles to get it out of his pocket. “Jesus, you’re surly when you’re sick.”
Sam and Dean look at Chuck and Jack, locked in some weird light battle, and back at each other wordlessly asking if they should intervene, until finally, Jack steps away, completely bathed in white light.
Cas nods as Dean leads him back to the couch. “I should make an appointment. Can you watch Grace?”
he let Metatron go.
All he wants is to break things until they feel as broken as he does.
Cas looks up to find an older woman, her greying hair tied back in a loose bun, pulling a pen out of the pocket of her scrubs before pushing her glasses up the bridge of her nose and tapping at a chart. The name badge clipped to her floral pattern shirt reads Mandy.
He has a home.
word to use -- only theirs.
needs help.”
Grace nuzzles into his hand and licks it. “Well, you’re no help.”
He silently decides to go along with their support of Lucy Hernadez. He tries not to overthink that they’ve mentioned her pro-LGBTQ platform several times. That’s important for the gay people he knows. Charlie. Claire.
Dean nods, takes a deep steadying breath, and pushes the hymnal at Cas.
Cas raises an eye. “If we knew what the witches in this town were up to, we would likely already be on our way back home.”
He starts coughing again, harder than before, and Dean pulls him back up. “Well, you can start when you’re over this flu crap.”
“Needs to be cleaned and bandaged, but all we can do right now is stop it from bleeding more. Let’s use your tie.”
He sees now that they're in a field, surrounded by grass, with the pink sky above fading into velvet.
Dean pulls him into his lap and kisses him until he pulls back gasping for air and coughing. “Shit, shit. Bad idea. Let me find your inhaler, you dumbass.”
First, there's a circular rug inside the front door that when peeled back reveals a devil’s trap neatly carved into the hardwood.
“Isn’t that just how voting works? What the hell are these morons doing?” Dean asks. “They’re in my way.”
“A salesperson?” Dean repeats skeptically, thinking he must have heard wrong. Or his brain’s short circuiting. Because, last he checked, Cas still owns a crappy Lincoln Continental.
But the important thing is, even though there’s no tried and true method for killing these beasts, they’re trying.
, exactly, but certainly out of place.
Neither of them ask about the dog.
He cups Cas' jaw with his hand and brushes his thumb against his lips. “So, come on, I'm taking you home.”
And right now, he should be elbow deep in flour and dough, listening to the best of AC/DC on mixtape as Ellen, Jo, and Sam bicker over poker chips and eggnog in the next room. He should be rolling his eyes as Bobby brings back Galas instead of Granny Smiths, on his last minute run to the store, for the sixth year in a row. He should be considering getting the cooler out of the garage for the six pack they’re going to set out for “Santa” -- that they will drink as they lounge around the tree in their robes and boxers tomorrow morning.
“I know Sam said everyone was disappearing, but didn’t realize that meant the animals too. What did they do?”
He kisses Cas like there’s no tomorrow, but, the best part is, he knows that there is.
He knows he’s only been a door away, but it seems like it was so much much further.
Part of him is afraid Cas will say 'no.' Part of him is afraid he'll say something stupid like 'of course' or 'it's not broken.'
Before they can, Cas leans forward, and places his uninjured hand on Sam’s arm. His eyes are fever bright as he earnestly states, “Dean loves me, Sam. He saved me from The Empty. He’s very beautiful. He kissed me in the wildflowers.”
His forehead is burning.
“Do you think he’s okay?”
Dean grits his teeth. He really is in pain, but Cas hasn’t driven. In months.
He'd failed them so many times before.
“Inhale, good. Okay, exhale,” he encourages in a steady loop, and Dean sluggishly pulls himself back to the reality of the hospital room, of Cas nodding as another nurse tugs his hospital gown back to inspect his stitches.
“I believe it’s called a panic attack,” Cas says. And no shit, because it’s not like Dean’s never had them before. But why the fuck is it happening now? When Dean is literally an immobile lump in bed.
Sammy smiles. He looks a little better. A little calmer. A little less like he’s going to go get drunk and walk another four miles in the pouring rain. “Yeah, okay.”
“Score,” Meg says, impressed. “Here I am with just my Prozac.”
“No,” Dean says. “My dad did what he had to do. So did I.”
Cas gives him a funny smile, kinda crooked and closed-lipped. He puts a hand on the windowsill, ready to close it behind him. “I do not think I should tell you that, Dean.”
“Charlie, I –” but Dean doesn’t know what else to say.
“Morning,” Jack calls through a mouthful of cereal.
“Keep your head on, boy!”
“Okay,” Victor says soberly. He’s always been good at cutting the bullshit. “It sounds like you’re rapid cycling, Dean.”
Dean swallows. The rest of the house is still entirely silently. No one would fucking know –
Jack’s mouth drops. His eyes dart from Micah to Dean in disbelief. “I have a little brother?”
“I don’t need your fucking help,” Dean says.
“I was,” Dean says through his teeth. He sees Mick and Sam exchange glances and start ruffling through their papers, evidently alarmed at Bevell going off-script.
Dean looks away. He stares at the wall. He doesn’t want to watch as Sam sizes him up. He doesn’t want to watch as the ill-concealed panic on his brother’s face gradually slips away, replaced by relief and frustration. Just one more false alarm. Just Dean acting up one time out of many. Isn’t the first. Won’t be the last. Dad used to scream at him to get out of bed:
Cas doesn’t reply. A nurse walks in to hand them the pamphlets the doctor mentioned. The equipment hooked up to Dean continues to beep and whir rhythmically. Dean’s chest continues to rise and fall. And Sam tries hard not to think about all the times Dean stopped breathing. How badly he wants his brother around for at least another forty years. How desperately Dean’s earned a good, healthy, happy life.
“Charlie?”
“Oh,” her face relaxes into a smile. “I’m Charlie. Welcome to the neighborhood.” She sticks out her hand, realizes it’s covered in Cheez-It dust, cuffs it on her shirt, and then offers it again.
Samuel doesn’t know about Emma, either. Dean’s not planning on telling him until it’s absolutely necessary. After all, the man didn’t react very well when he heard about Adam. Kept saying John was disloyal to his daughter, as if Mary hadn’t been dead seven years before Dad hooked up with Kate. Dean doesn’t need to hear what Samuel will say once he finds out his grandson fathered a child during a one-night stand.
Dean smiles in spite of himself. He thinks he likes this Charlie chick. Pam – and for that matter, Sammy – is always nagging him to make friends. It’s not like Dean’s not a friendly guy. He likes hanging out with people. It’s just that he always ends up messing up whatever friendships he manages to make, either by having sex with them or somehow freaking them out.
“Winchester filth,” Luca spits. “Tell your coward brother I say
“Dude,” Sam huffs, voice a cross between amusement and empathetic. “It’s just coffee. It’s fine. Eileen can have it – I think that’s her getting up.”
“You’re one to talk,” Sam retorts. Which is fair. But Dean’s all about hookup culture; Sammy’s a serial
It’s just Dean’s luck that’s he’s gotten stuck in a 250-square-foot apartment with a ridiculously attractive guy who actually wants to talk honestly about fucking feelings.
(See the end of the chapter for
His heart beats so quickly, he can’t even discern individual beats. It’s just a continuously building pressure in his chest. Because Dean doesn’t – understand what Cas is trying to say here.
“I get it,” he says. It burns, but he gets it. Sam’s sticking around because Dean is his big brother, and apparently this Castiel kid is sticking around, too, but Victor’s got a single mom, a single bedroom apartment, and four little sisters to get back to.
Dean nods. He takes a drag from his cigarette. It’s a pretty shitty stick, but smoking road kill was worse. “How long you been at this dump?”
“M okay,” Dean says. He hopes he’s loud enough. He doesn’t want Cas to come in and see the blood. And he’s careful not to get blood on the white towel. He drops it to the floor and grabs his robe where it’s hanging on the back of the door.
“It’ll be burned if I don’t pay attention,” Dean says. It’s been kind of nice, getting to cook again. It’s something Dean got out of the habit during his month in his own apartment; he should eat real food more often, instead of sandwich meat or frozen dinners.
“Dean, you’re back!” He exclaims. His face is red. It looks like he took the stairs at a run. “Gabriel texted to say he saw you arrived and I wanted to come see if I could assist you – and – and I see now that you have company, and I should – I should go –” Cas turns on his heel and moves to leave as abruptly as he came in.
It’s like Bobby’s words are a trowel digging a little patch of relief in Dean’s chest. “Thanks.”
and a flurry of bows come from the other Angels.
“Wasn’t great,” Dean says, because it’s not like he can lie. Not when Sam literally called Pam while Dean was in the middle of a mental breakdown.
It’s the first thing that awakens the smallest spark of anger in Dean’s chest. “What? You think I fucking lied?”
Cas snatches one of the pillows out from under Mir’s head. Miracle yips and stands to attention, looking utterly affronted. Cas is unaffected and just fluffs his pillow, but Dean is offended on Mir’s behalf.
Mick proceeds. He finishes up with Benny. Benny gets cross-examined by Bevell. Mick calls Victor after Benny sits back down. Victor testifies about Dean’s psychiatric progress over the years. He talks about the psych eval he gave Dean a couple weeks ago. He talks about how, with continued use of his meds and psychotherapy, Dean poses no risk to himself, society, or a child.
Tuesday is worse. Dean barely takes two steps out of bed before he’s doubled over, both arms wrapped around his stomach, and hacking so hard it feels like someone’s taking a sledgehammer to his chest. He covers his mouth with his arm, and the inside of his elbow comes away sprayed with red.
“M sorry,” Dean tries again, whispering into the plush creases of his pillow.
“I wish we could have met long ago –” Cas says, speaking over Dean, hardly aware of what Dean is saying. His heart is beating so hard it hurts. He cannot imagine Dean can’t hear it. There is sweat running down the back of his neck. And he feels a little like he’s flying. Like he’s swooped up into the air and left his stomach behind.
Jack’s eyebrows furrowed. “I think I’m confused.”
Dean’s breath catches in his throat. “Yeah,” he gasps through the feeling. “Yeah – a, ah, you got a little sister, too. She’s coming with Cas and Eileen.”
“No, you’re not,” Cas states. Days like this, Dean really hates the whole shrewd persona the guy caught on to because he used to be a whole lot easier to handle when he didn’t understand humanity. “I wish you’d just talk to me, Dean.”
, Pam told him a couple months ago.
“God, Cas –”
“Have you been using your temazepam?” Pam asks.
“He wasn’t,” Dean grinds out between his teeth.
Cas knows Sam wanted to keep Jack away, in an effort to preserve Dean’s dignity, but Cas very much doubts Dean’s going to remember much of this. And Cas understands the helplessness of wanting to be of use but having nothing to do.
Dean doesn’t know if she timed it that way, but the waiter is coming back with their food, giving Charlene’s words time to percolate in the dead silence.
It’s an hour later when his cellphone rings. Sam checks the screen to see Cas is calling, so he swipes his phone open and puts it to his ear. Before he can say anything, Cas’s voice comes through:
Dean’s on his feet. His heart hurts, it’s beating so hard. His stomach coils around empty, aching air. “I’m sorry,” he echoes himself stupidly. “I – I need to leave. I’m sorry.”
“That’s, ah, great man,” Sam sputters.
“Yeah, it was night,” Dean says. His face burns. He can’t look at her face. “I wasn’t – Dad was behind the wheel.”
“I-I can’t,” Sam says desperately, like there’s just something here that Dean isn’t understanding.
It feels anticlimactic and hollow. It feels like a dream. Dean needs Sam’s arm on his elbow to make himself walk out of the courtroom. He’s met in the hall by Ellen, who squeezes his ribs and plants a kiss on his cheek with a
“I mean, it’s close to the college,” Sam says.
“Okay, yeah,” says Jack. He comes over to collect the bowls from the nightstand. He pauses to look at Dean.
“I’m, ah,” Dean clears his throat. Benny is quiet beside him. Dean has a feeling Benny’s gotten good at a lot of patient silence, what with leading this whole meeting thing. “I’m here for my, ah, my daughter. She’s, Christ, eight months old about. And, ah, I’ve never –”
Everyone’s fucking worried. So worried when Dean’s fucking
“I learned from the best, Sammy-boy,” Dean says. Beside him, Cas curls into a more comfortable position. He shoots Dean a questioning glance, but Dean reassures him with a quick smile, and Cas relaxes further into his pillow like he wishes it would consume him like a sinkhole. Dean will never get over how adorable Cas is and his proclivity for fluffy things.
“You don’t
Cas shakes his head sadly and shrugs. “It was Hell earlier,” he says woodenly. “Alastair.”
His breath stutters in his throat. Grounding – fucking grounding. What’s Pam always telling him? Fucking breathe, Winchester.
“I wish he killed me,” Dean moans into Cas’s palm.
“You actually shouldn’t feed ducks or other water fowl crackers,” a voice announces from behind Dean, making Dean jump.
There’s his gun in the duffle he brought in. It would be quicker. But he’s tired. Just so tired. Tired of everything. Tired of running. Tired of quitting. Tired of letting people down. Tired of hunting. Tired of not hunting. Tired of getting out of bed.
“Do you feel like he forced you into doing something you weren’t comfortable with?”
“I don’t know,” Dean whispers. Because his head hurts, and it’s bleeding, and his chest hurts. But he doesn’t know if he’s
“Dean,” says the doctor, pressing a hand to Dean’s chest.
bull – but Dean still feels a little guilty for missing his obsessive, frenzied two A.M. workouts because they sure made keeping fit easy.
“Heya, chief,” Benny calls when Sam and Dean make their way around the side of the house. Benny’s a couple years older than Dean, and he’s been working at Singer’s Auto for almost as long as Dean has, plus, he’s actually got a degree in automotive technology, so Dean is definitely not his boss in any sense of the word, but Benny’s called Dean
, with his finger. “That way we won’t have to be the last ones left.”
Dean hadn’t been expecting the sudden weight, so he staggers backward, hits the closet door, but manages to keep both himself and his brother on their feet.
“It’s complicated,” Dean says. “Her mom and I are…not together. I’m in the middle of trying to get her back.”
Dean does what she says without a word. One, she’s got a demeanor that indicates she won’t be easily crossed. And, two, Dean’s going to puke if he tries to speak.
He can’t stop thinking about the fucking whiskey.
Dean means to say, but when he opens his lips, nothing comes out. So, he shuts his eyes, lets out an exhale of frustration.
in Cas’s apartment. And since then, Dean’s been nonstop moving. Thursday he worked late. Friday was his session with Pam. Saturday was his disastrous breakfast with Sam. Sunday he had AA. Monday he worked late, again. Tuesday was Billie. Wednesday was full of Emma. He hasn’t had time to see Charlie that wasn’t a wave as they passed in the hall for nearly two weeks.
“I can’t be sure,” Cas answers. “But I think we might. Yes.”
“What’s wrong?” Cas asks. He looks so earnest. He sounds so kind.
Sam sets Maura’s carrier down under the coatrack and carefully unbuckles his daughter, transferring the small bundle of yellow and purple polka-dotted onesie to his shoulder. Dean will never get over how absolutely tiny his niece is compared to his gargantuan brother.
Sam reaches out and clasps Dean’s hand. He blinks hard and fast. “Fuck. We almost lost you, Dean.” He keeps talking, like his voice is running water down a drain that he can’t plug. “They did emergency surgery to get the – the thing out of your back. You’re really lucky it didn’t sever your spine. And they’re worried about infection. Gave you a tetanus booster because I have no idea if you keep up with your shots.”
“I-I did,” Dean says. His hands are sweating. He doesn’t like thinking about this part. Doesn’t like thinking about how Alastair made him
“Whoa, whoa,” Sam says, scrabbling for purchase on the pavement. Clutching Dean hard under his arms. There is bile in Dean’s throat now, not fury. There something hot and wet on his face, seeping through Sam’s jacket.
Okay, so it turns out I am so, so bad at writing fluffy endings. It always feels like I reach this huge crescendo and then the story just feels over. “carry on” was about forcing Dean to get help; “surely heaven waits” needed to be about Dean choosing to get help. Because real recovery starts when you decide you want to recover. So, even if this might not be a strictly happily-ever-after ending, I wanted it to be about hope.
So, Cas thinks Dean’s hallucinating again, but Cas is wrong. Because it is real. And Dean should never have run. He should have just stayed where he was, frozen in the doorway of Sammy’s nursery and let the fire burn them up. Mom, Dad, him, and Sammy. Because the world would have been so much better off –
“Like you were disassociating?” Billie suggests.
“Okay,” Victor says, hands raised to shoulder height. He steps back into the Hunters. “Fast and to the point, Benny. Nothing fancy,” he says into Benny’s ear as he passes.
The piece of six-inch rebar entered his back at an upward, 65-degree angle, missed piercing his T8 vertebrae by about a centimeter, and punched through his chest wall and into his left lung. The doc tells Dean that it’ll be impossible to tell how severe or permanent the injury is until the swelling reduces, but overall she gives him a grade D, which is,
He’s got the whiskey. He could – just if things get worse than he thought they would.
“You didn’t reach out to any other family – you mentioned the friend of your father’s – for help?”
“God, you do sound like Sammy,” Dean smiles fondly.
“It is a good dream,” Cas says warmly. He turns so he’s leaning with one shoulder against the window. Facing Dean, now, head-on.
Cas has enough presence of mind to grab a bathrobe from the back of his door, to scrub the last dregs of his tears and Dean’s blood from his face, before he follows her into the hall and the apartment’s small, cluttered sitting room.
But Castiel drops him. Baby blues opened wide in surprise and honest appeal. “I am not,” he says despite Dean’s raised fist. “I’m not an Angel. My older brothers – they are, not me.”
Dean has never been good at loving. He has loved fiercely, dangerously, obsessively, but he has never loved well. Lisa told him once that he was so used to letting people treat him like shit, that that’s what he thought love was. That as soon as he treated someone like shit, too, and that person wasn’t willing to put up with it, it made Dean think they didn’t love him anymore.
“Outside a liquor store.”
“I’m glad it didn’t take you out,” Jack says. His chin wobbles. “And – I’m sorry I wasn’t there to heal you.”
“I do as well. I enjoy our history with the date.”
“Well, okay, girl, you’re coming with us.”
That he’s in love with him.
“You two have a complicated history, I take it?” Mandy asks, withdrawing her hand.
And Dean doesn’t have a good answer for that.
He immediately pulls off to the side of the road. “Where is he, Sam?”
Confused, he glances around for any sign that he's no longer alone in the safe little corner of his mind. But everything around him is neat and orderly, just as it should be.
So, when Cas, looking unaccountably hopeful, asks if he’ll stay, Dean reaches over the arm of his wheelchair and squeezes his shoulder. “See you when you’re down an organ, buddy.”
But knowing just how much of a mess Cas is because of him? Well...
“My friend... Dean... he’s my neighbor. He brought me here. And... we, uh, we used to know each other, far better than we do. Yet I still asked him to stay. I’m no longer sure that was wise.”
"He...really?" Sam asks as he glances to Cas. He chuckles lightly himself before sitting down next to him, looking over his spots. "Okay, yeah. That's definitely what this looks like....do those itch? Like a lot?"
Dean tightens his grip on Cas as the figure snaps his fingers. “No.”
“Yeah, she and Ben were both down for the count for, I don’t know, a week. And Lisa, she was way worse than Ben. Kids? They can take this. Knocks everyone else on their ass. How I knew you’d never make it to the bunker like this,” Dean says, then, when Cas huffs in protest, “Well, you would have, because you’re a stubborn ass, but, trust me, this is better.”
Cas winces before saying quietly,“Better a toad than a rabid dog. Likely, all I could hurt would be a fly.”
Dean’s not quite sure what’s going on in his stomach: butterflies, indigestion, a parade. But, he struggles to form any coherent response to that.
He didn't think it was
As they do, the crowd around them starts applauding and cheering, and, at first, Dean thinks it’s for them, and he thinks, maybe, they should have moved away from the protest for this, but then everyone starts cheering,“Nevada’s blue! Nevada’s blue! Nevada’s blue!”
for long enough to wonder why she seems to know who he is and why she might be unimpressed.
Dean listens to Cas gather his things behind him. He listens to him open the door and pause.
He takes a breath. “I don’t want him to look at me different.”
“Dean,” Cas says carefully.
And Dean doesn’t know who the voice is: Michael or Alastair or Dad or the Mark or maybe all of them.
Dean keeps smiling. “I know how to handle kids, Cas. Bribed your little bro with a buck fifty if he told me where you’d went.”
ing under his breath, but he finally tugs his hands away.
She’s just another name in the long line of Dean’s fuckups.
“I think I’ll call it ‘The Sword,’” Cas says after ushering Sam and Dean into his studio and gesturing to his easel. On it is a large canvas, candid and vibrant in the way Dean now recognizes as Cas’s colorful style.
Dean wants to needle, but no way is he giving Charlie that kind of ammunition. Besides, he really fucking doesn’t want to think about sweet, cheerful Charlie falling for bitchy, acidic Meg.
Dean drops the cigarette. He smudges it out with his shoe in the ground.
“We gotta what, Dean?” Sam yells.
“Okay Socrates,” Dean snorts.
“Dean ain’t here,” Sam says sullenly. “You got the wrong Winchester.”
Even the thought makes Sam want to punch his fist through the drywall.
“Don’t tire yourselves out on the road, yeah?” Donna says. “We can wait.”
Gabe releases his elbow and shrugs. “Your loss is my gain, man.” Then he goes into the kitchen and refills his own cup.
, Dean told him.
“M okay,” Dean says into the silence.
“Is he claustrophobic?” Risa guesses, addressing Cas.
“So, last week we talked about beginning this session by going over the accident in a little more detail.” Billie’s picked up on calling it
Dean loses track of time. He hears Cas’s truck pull into the driveway again. He can hear through the walls as Jack and Cas climb out of the cab, laughing about something. It’s been a while since Dean heard Jack laugh, Dean realizes.
“Just stay awake until the ambulance gets here,” Sam prompts.
“I’m okay, Dean,” Sam says. His voice is also strangely slow, like he has to carefully untangle each word in his head before he says it.
“I – I can’t,” Dean whispers. Or at least he thinks he says it out loud.
“Do you like it?” Cas fiddles with his fingers in front of his chest. “Is it – is it alright?”
Dad said, and it wasn’t like Dad had never been drunk on a hunt, before.
Dean figures it’s best just to play nice, so he leads the two men up the stairs and ushers them into his apartment. He gives them an extra-large tip, even though it empties his wallet – and he makes a mental note to stop by an ATM after work tomorrow – but it makes them leave happy and lets Dean feel better about making them wait.
Mick visits with Sammy on Thursday to tell Dean that he’s adequately crazy, and the cops aren’t pressing any charges. Dean goes a little shaky with relief, but it’s swiftly eclipsed the next day when Victor comes by again for another assessment because Dean’s 96 hours are up that night, and he tells Dean it’ll be best for him to stick around for at least another week so they can finish levelling out his meds.
“My parents died when I was 12,” she says to the ceiling.
It's like the thought triggers it. Dean can almost taste the whiskey on his tongue, he wants it so bad, but then his stomach rebels, and bile rises in his throat so quickly he’s almost too late diving into the stall for the toilet.
“Hello, Jake,” Cas says awkwardly, in that very earnest tone of voice he adopts when he isn’t sure if a human is being serious; it never fails to make Dean grin, but this moment his lips barely curve upward.
Michael reminds him, smile in his voice. But I do love to hear you beg.
“Dean…” Cas says uncertainly.
doesn’t even fucking know yet. “Dealing with a mental illness can put a strain on a relationship –”
“Dean,” Dean says with a slow, lazy smile. It’s nice to be approached for once, instead of the other way around. “You come here often?”
Meg shrugs. She drops her gaze. She stares listlessly at her fingers, hidden in the cuffs of her sleeves.
Dad said, and bared his face, even stooped so Dean’s seven-year-old arms could reach. And Dean could smell the whiskey on Dad’s breath, and he wondered if it was leftover from last night or if it was new from this morning.
Dean’s mouth goes dryer than the Sahara Desert. “Okay,” he rasps.
Dean laughs at her theatrics, strips off his jacket, and whips it at her supine form. “Okay, okay. My humblest apologies, your highness. Give me a break – I been busy.”
“What?” Dean says, alarmed, looking over his shoulder because Cas is staring at the refrigerator as if it’s about to launch an attack.
Dean drives back to his apartment carefully through the renewed snow flurries. At least it’s a white Christmas. It’s about the only thing that feels right about the holiday this year.
Charlie throws an arm over Dean’s shoulder and tugs him down until he’s nestled into her side.
When Dean wants to give his leg a break from the brace, on especially bad pain days, or if he wakes up in the middle of the night and doesn’t want to bother Cas – thankfully he can still piss and take a shit by himself – he uses his wheelchair, which he christened Babette or sometimes Piece of Shit, depending on his mood. The SSRI prescribed by his psychiatrist lately encourage more Babette days than Piece of Shit days, but it was an upward climb.
“No,” Dean grunts. He has a little more success pulling off his flannel, baring his arms in his t-shirt. The air in his apartment feels stifling and warm, however, and it doesn’t give him much relief. He wonders if Cas would care if he just got naked. But then he sees that Cas is looking at Dean’ arms and – shit – shit. Fuck. shit. Son of a
“Can you describe what you’re experiencing inside your body right now?” Dr. Jorgensen says. “Accelerated heartbeat? Any tension?”
“Yeah?” Gabe demands. Now that he’s walked into the light, Dean can see a gleam of mischief in his eye. “Where I come from, that’s called good busines.”
, right before she flushed the titular creature out of the airlock.
Dean puts him out of his misery, “I told her no. Hooked her up with Jody. Figured Claire might want the gig.”
Soon enough, Emma has forgotten her shyness entirely and is babbling happily just like she does when she’s with Lydia or Dean. Most of what she says is just confused sounds, but occasionally a clear word rings out. Dean hears some of her favorites as Ellen brings her around the house:
Dean’s so used to Cas being the odd one out, what with his disconcerting staring and stilted conversation, that it makes him a little nervous to realize just how out of place he, himself, will be here. He’s the uncouth, underprivileged stranger invited by the estranged son to an intimate family affair.
“I trust –” Cas comes up for air. His pupils are blown wide so his blue eyes are practically all black. His hair already looks well-fucked, and Dean can’t wait to tangle his fingers back in the strands. “I trust you are amenable to going back to my apartment?”
“Babababa,” Emma tells him, waving the book and falling onto her butt. She bounces a little but seems entirely unbothered by the change in altitude. Dean rolls onto his side and crawls over to her, which hurts his bad knee, but whatever, he’s not risking a headrush by standing up.
Bobby pulls away but keeps ahold of Dean’s shoulders. He meets Dean’s eyes, face hard. “Listen to me, son. You know I don’t like talking ill about your daddy. God knows that man had his own demons. But I know this. John never fought to be there for you boys like you’re fighting to be there for your little girl.”
“Hey, hey, Emma. It’s okay, peanut.”
“Duly noted,” Charlie says, and Dean’s grateful when she doesn’t press. “But I still think you should bone Castiel.”
“It was the only way they’d tell me anything!” Cas shoots back. “You know that!”
“You guys got plans for tomorrow, too?” Dean asks. He’d invite Cas to Bobby’s, as well, even if it meant putting up with Gabe, but it feels a lot more significant, somehow, then inviting Charlie. He doesn’t want Cas reading into it. For that matter, he doesn’t want Bobby, Ellen, Jo, or Sam reading into it. It would be a lot easier convincing them that he and Charlie weren’t a couple – just mention she’s a lesbian and they’re good as gold – but Cas and Dean? Ellen has wanted Dean to settle down with someone for years; no use getting her hopes up.
. There’s a solid, unscalable wall inside Dean’s head that prevents him from peaking over at that future.
Instead, he crosses the room to the window in the far wall. He hoists open the sash, letting the heavy scent of city summer air spill into the room: burnt rubber, wet dog, and weed. His window opens onto the fire escape. The scaffolding extends under his neighbor’s window, as well. Whoever lives there has a miniature jungle of dying plants. Dean spots a pathetic-looking tomato plant and some sort of cactus. The buildings are set so close together, Dean can practically see into the windows across the alley, so he adds
“Na-ah,” Dean says.
But it was an
“Can we – shit, man,” Dean says. He doesn’t know quite how he’s supposed to feel right now. Because Jack is – Jack isn’t dead. And Cas seems to think Jack has his soul back. And Jack just frikken Death-Star-exploded Amara and Chuck. But Jack
It’s been four months since Dean’s had liquor, so it hits him hard. Soon enough, the bar is comfortably fuzzy. Pleasure stirs deep in his chest. He doesn’t have to think about anything. Doesn’t have to think about sucking cock behind gas stations, truck stops, and bars. Doesn’t have to think about how there’s no way he’s going to win this custody battle. That Emma is probably better off without her screwup father, anyway.
“He’s making coffee,” Sam says. “He’ll be back soon. Eileen went out with Jack.”
and a cartoon.
“Fuck me,” Dean tells him, instead. Dean is in control. Dean wants this. He
“Don’t pester your brother,” Cas says, nestling close to Dean’s side, and – despite the heat – Dean finds he doesn’t at all mind the physical affection. He wrenches his arm free from between them and tosses it over Cas’s shoulders.
subject. It’s ridiculous. It’s unfathomable. It makes his insides feel like they’ve melted into a pile of gooey slop.
“Aw, man, sorry,” Dean says, sounding like an idiot despite his best efforts. “That sucks.”
“That sounds nice,” Dean says. “I’ll head over to Bobby and Ellen’s before lunch – they’re as close to family as you can be. They’ve got a daughter, Jo, who’ll be there. And then Sammy, of course. He’s bringing his new girlfriend.” Sam and Eileen have been dating for the majority of the year; Dean wonders when he’ll stop thinking of her as Sam’s
broccoli, Dean,” Sam says.
“Dean,” there’s a hint of hesitation in Cas’s voice. He’s got one of Dean’s hands in his own. “Can we slow down, please?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Jack shakes his head. “It’s just one more thing I messed up.”
“Jack’s in his room,” Cas answers. “I left Sam and Eileen in the kitchen.”
“And you’re super edgy,” Sam continues with a frown, eyes uncomfortably heavy on Dean’s hands as Dean attempts to surreptitiously cut off a chunk of his waffle like he’s not repressing the tremble in his fingers. “Did you take your meds this morning?”
“Nothing I can do about
There it is. Free-falling and there it is. The ground. Just getting closer. Nothing Sam can do because he’s not wearing a fucking parachute.
. He had a lisp, Dean remembers. Alastair had a lisp. A snarling, rough, and nasally voice. And the knowledge rockets through him like a bolt of lightning.
as she says it, almost like a dismissal: a quick transition between what Dean recognizes from Eileen’s attempt to teach him to fingerspell his own name, the letters
Dean’s relieved to find that the meeting proceeds without his participation. The atmosphere is, for the most part, one of easy comradery. It’s clear that everyone there, barring Dean and the surly teenager, Kaia, know each other well. They take turns sharing anecdotes about the past week.
