“You remember the last time you and I were in Maine?” Dean mumbles, already half gone.
“They’re consultants,” Dean answers smoothly.  “How well do you know Fred?”
“Not really what I pictured for a clinic,” Dean mutters through the corner of his mouth.
Dean pauses.  Takes a breath.  “It’s not.  My first.”
“I’m Castiel,” Castiel says, almost wishing she’d give him something to peel so that he’d have a task to occupy his hands.
“Mermaids don’t leave,” Dean hisses.
Just as Castiel is beginning to wonder if they might be lost, a pinprick of orange light shines through the branches far up ahead.
He sees Sam and Eileen a few times every month, and talks on the phone more frequently.  He goes to their house for birthdays and holidays and anniversaries, and he watches Dean sprout from infant to toddler to child.  He’s there for Dean’s first steps, his first word, his first run.  Cas helps to take care of him when he’s sick, and when Sam and Eileen just need some time to themselves.
Cas shifts in his seat, fingers tightening around his cup.
Sam and Eileen stay for a while longer, sitting on the grass until the smoke fades.  They can’t see each other well enough to talk, so they don’t.
Cas goes to his own bedroom and shuts the door.
Castiel winces as he moves his wounded shoulder, the scabs cracking and straining against the surrounding skin.
It still hits him like a knife to the gut.
“Every psychic ain’t the same breed,” Frank says with a sneer.  His hands are stained orange, carrot peelings piling up on the table in front of him.  “We all have our specialties.  Mine comes with a certain level of paranoia, which in this line of work is just good common sense.”
Castiel jumps.  Dean says, “Oops.”
Eileen speeds the entire way to Akron, so much so that Cas is worried the engine of the Valiant will give out.  But they make it, and they find Sam in the countryside miles outside the city.  He’s at an abandoned farm, in the dirt drive leading up to a huge decaying barn.  Cas leaps from the car before Eileen has even finished parking and runs to where Sam is sitting on the ground, leaning with his back on the passenger door of the Impala.
Somehow, Castiel feels it before it happens.  The hairs on his arms and the back of his neck stand on end, terror tugging suddenly at his chest.
Castiel can only hear the pounding of his heart.
Sam’s phone rings in his back pocket just as he’s sliding the van door shut.  He fishes the phone from his pocket, tosses the house keys to Eileen and follows behind as Dean dashes back up to the door.  Sam waits to answer the call until he’s dropped his bag inside the entryway.
Dean’s mouth opens and closes a few times.  Generally he’s always been of the philosophy that if something has alcohol, it’s worth drinking.  And while he certainly has his favorite beer brands, they’re typically found in gas station coolers and sticky dive bars.  None of them are listed on the board here.
Dean follows him to standing height, not quick to back down from his concern.  “Well, okay, but at least let me sew it up.  It looks deep.”
Paradis fast-forwards the footage, people walking past the pile of trash at times-five speed, until a minute later when a garbage truck rolls down the street and pauses in front of the pile of bags.  The footage speed slows down again to a normal pace, and they watch as the garbage crew works, picking up bag after bag after bag.  Finally, it continues on its route and rolls off-camera.
Cas hunts, too, mostly by himself but working with other hunters as the opportunities present.  He racks up kills quickly and efficiently, and understands what Sam and Dean had meant when they described their early hunting life as “pest control”.  He keeps the Impala in excellent shape, and he keeps the bunker in good shape too.  He has plenty to do.
Sam sees the stolen glances, the longer touches, the way they hog one end of the couch to themselves on movie nights.  He sees Cas leave Dean’s bedroom in the morning wearing a Zeppelin t-shirt as he heads for the shower.  He sees them consciously back away from each other when he walks into the kitchen, clearly interrupting something.
“The tattoo plus the track marks made it pretty easy for the police to ID him.  His name is Fred Sargent.  Local drifter, got a rap sheet of drug offenses as long as my leg.  Mostly slept on bus stop benches, y’know?”
“I trust you know your way around a ship like this?”
The people are of all different times too.  Fishermen and lobstermen buzz around the waterfront beneath a cloud of seagulls, and Congress Street is full of Somali immigrants and young art majors with colorful hair.  A man in a wheelchair sits at the corner of High Street and holds aloft a sign that says
It takes less time than he expects for the pyre to burn down to nothing but charred timber, and then without fuss or fanfare the crew returns to the
“You’ve only been living with us for a month!” Dean protests, but all he can do is huff and turn his attention to the police file.  “Whatever.”
“Yes,” he says instead.
The last time Cas died, burning out of his vessel with an angel blade sticking out from his chest, it was over in an instant.  They didn’t get to say goodbye.  Cas didn’t even have time to realize what happened.  Somehow, this is so much worse.
“Are we bringing her back with us?”
Sam stares at the car
Dean softens again, steps forward.  “Okay,” he says, pulling Cas solidly into his arms.  “Okay.”
Castiel has absolutely no idea what Frank means by that, but arguing with a twitchy, trigger-happy stranger doesn’t seem like a great idea.  He sits.
Sam smiles, relieved at Cas’s response, and opens the door for him.  “Come on, Cas,” he says.  “Come be with your family.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A light chuckle works its way up from Dean’s chest, and he leans back down to kiss Cas on the mouth, lingering before he pulls away.
The douen looks smaller than Castiel remembered it, but maybe it’s just the perspective inside the cramped den, or the fact that it’s dead and unmoving.  It lies with its limbs akimbo, arms limp, a truly grotesque animal that makes Castiel’s stomach turn.
“So he’s
he’s stalling, but the notion that he
Dean has fallen in love with every flavor of pain.  He clings to Alastair’s human chest and human shoulders and human hands, relishing in the touch of skin on skin as Alastair neatly removes a wedge of muscle from Dean’s love handle, as he would the rind from an orange.
Dean’s smile fades then, only a little.  “Yeah, they’re here.”  He tilts his head to the side.  “Somewhere.”
Cas leans against the doorframe, studying the rigid line of Dean’s vertebrae through the thin fabric of his t-shirt.  “What was that?” he ventures.
They leave the conversation there, with Sam telling Paradis to give them a call once the warrant is approved.
“My grandmother’s known the family for a long time,” Patience explains.  “Since before I was born.  She took care of the boys a lot when they were young.”
Castiel can’t help but smile.  “You’re good with them,” he remarks.
Somehow, Dean still hasn’t quite fallen asleep by the time Cas crawls into bed after him.  His eyes are closed and he’s somewhere close to dozing, but over the past couple of months since Cas lost his grace, Dean quickly adjusted to falling asleep with Cas in the bed beside him.  He’s not sure he quite knows how to sleep on his own anymore.
But time, as it happens, runs out for Dean and Castiel much, much quicker than they expected.
Paradis swallows and scratches lightly at his temple.  “Honestly?  Not much,” he answers soberly.  “I mean, homeless folks… they’re drifters.  Much more like to have just gone to another town rather than actually disappeared.  It’s one thing if there’s a body, but…”  He clicks his tongue and shakes his head.  “Fact is, even if there
Sam swallows, cold settling into the pit of his stomach.  “It was always bound to hurt, Cas.”
Eileen can’t help laughing, but Dean and Cas both look equally perplexed.  “Wessie?” echoes Cas.
but already a widow.  She has four children, of whom Jean-Luc is the second eldest and the only boy.  Marie Helene works as a laundress, and they live on the outskirts of town in a house that’s so run down it’s missing sections of thatch from its roof.
“Cas — Cas,
“—just thought he deserved to know,” Dean is saying.  “He did lose his entire crew.”
Almost immediately, the anger falls away from Dean’s shoulders.  He knows Sam is trying to find a solution, which is a lot more helpful than what Dean’s doing.  There’s no reason to be angry, except at Cas for dying and at himself for letting it happen.
A ship with at least two masts, on which the foremast is shorter than the mainmast.
Eileen signs something that Dean doesn’t understand, but Cas and Sam both laugh.
“Wait— Vamps?” Eileen cuts in.
are the only one keeping me awake.  I give up.”  Its voice drops to a shaking, furious whisper.  “Like an infection, I will
On the clean cold steel rests only a few parts: a thigh, a forearm with the right hand still attached, the left calf with no foot, and the head and neck, severed at the nape.  The head is haloed by scraggly hair and an unkempt beard, skin filthy, the teeth tobacco-stained.
Cas knows that he’s been short with Sam and Eileen too, he does, but sometimes he can’t help it.  Asking whether he’s okay is a stupid question; he can’t always stop himself from snapping back.  It occurs to him a few times that he should apologize, but doesn’t know what good it will do if he just does the same thing again.  Instead, his solution is to start avoiding them.
Sam walks unsteadily over to the library table and sits, like he doesn’t trust himself to remain upright.  “Now we wait.”
Dean nods, uncertainty clouding his face.  “Yeah.  I guess I am.  Willing to try, anyways.”  He shrugs again.
Jack guides the Impala down the tunnel to the bunker garage and parks skillfully
glare.  “Save it for Comic Con, Sookie.  A man is dead.”
She could get a gym membership, of course, but treadmills are tedious and she hates the smell of other people’s sweat.  Instead she rewards herself with watching the sunrise from Spring Point.
Dean is left dizzy, like he’s been spun around and turned inside out, but his anxiety is dissipating like water down a storm drain.  He feels lighter, and even if he wouldn’t believe his own voice telling him the same thing, he does believe it when Cas says it.
“Cas.”
“And you’re cool with that?” Sam presses, not quite ready to believe that Dean Go-Out-Swinging Winchester is looking seriously at the chance for a life that doesn’t require weaponry in the day-to-day.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean says, and it’s like no time at all has passed, like he just saw his brother yesterday.
Dean can’t help but snort, squeezing Cas’s shoulders.  “Are you always this cling—”  The final syllable lodges in his throat as Cas’s tongue catches on his nipple.
“Dean,” he repeats, carefully sliding out of bed and placing his feet flat on the floor.  There’s a feral, detached glint in Dean’s eye that makes Cas think invading his personal space might not be a smart idea, but he doesn’t get a chance to test the theory.
Cas wakes sometime after two in the morning and finds himself staring up at the popcorn ceiling in the soft orange light of the street lamps outside.  This is far from the most comfortable bed he’s ever been in, but it’s warm under the scratchy blankets and low-thread-count sheets with Dean sleeping beside him.  Cas rolls onto his side, resettling with an arm tucked up under his pillow.
Dean wails, hooks embedding themselves through the bones of his wrists.  Through the flesh of his cheeks.  Through his Achilles tendons.  He’s strapped and spread, a writhing, sobbing caricature of a human.  Hell’s own Vitruvian Man.
“I’m sleeping better than I have since I was a kid,” Dean says, his voice as physically tangible as anything else about him in this moment.  “Better than I ever have.  And that has absolutely nothing to do with your grace.  So if you think you’re not helping, I don’t know what to tell you.”
“Based on what, exactly?  You’ve known him a day and a half.  You do not know the first thing about who he is, nor do I.”
” the crew rumbles the chorus.  Feet stomp, hands drum.  Castiel can only listen and watch.
“Copper coin?”
Dean’s only response is to flinch.
It strikes her like a physical thing; she grabs the banister, her fist on her chest.  “Where?”
bright red and a decade older than he is.  It’s Eileen’s Plymouth Valiant.
“Almost looks like Christmas,” Dean muses, dropping his duffel onto the chipped particle-board dresser.
Her heart knocks against her ribs, eyes wide and alert.  The four of them remain rigid and silent, machetes in hand, scanning the lot for the slightest glint of vampire fangs lurking in the shadows.  Dean, his hand twitching, all too eager to chop off a monster's head, steps forward slightly.
The Impala pulls to a stop in front of him, and Dean –
“I’m fine, Jody.  As well as can be expected.”
“That’s clever,” he says.
This particular afternoon, however, Sam sees something wholly unexpected.
Cas inhales slowly, letting the cold air calm him from the inside out, and nods.  “Yeah.  I’m sorry.  It’s just…” he trails off, not quite sure how to finish that sentence.
“I’ve been trying to fix it for hours,” Cas says, and suddenly Sam doesn’t care at all what time it is.
And frankly, Cas’s illness aside, it had been nice to know there was no Chuck or Billie waiting for them beyond the bunker walls.  Once Cas was well enough to walk around, they spent most of their time relaxing — movie nights, cooking, and just generally enjoying their godless freedom.
Castiel chews thoughtfully on an orange wedge.  He doesn’t actually know where he’ll go.  He has no home in the Caribbean, and no home in England.  The only home he’s known since childhood is in pieces at the bottom of the sea, along with the only people he might have described as family.
“That’s a chilling thought,” Cas says.  Eileen can’t tell if he shudders out of disgust or just from the cold.
The house in front of them droops like it’s melting in the heat, plaster peeling in a few spots and the door ill-fitted to its jambs.  Dean knocks sharply and takes a step back.
of a bone and the douen
Jack watches the sky for a few minutes, letting Castiel think his thoughts, then stands upright again.  “Come on, Cas,” he says.  “Let’s get you home.  I’ll drive you.”
, disembarking onto a wharf already jam-packed with boats of various sizes.  Now that they’re on land and alee of the ocean breezes, it’s
Castiel’s stomach twists, going cold deep in his gut.  Inias’ final scream echoes in the back of his head.
“I’m Special Agent Frantz,” Sam says, then gestures to Dean.  “This is my partner, Agent Byrne.”
Cas sleepily takes a long sip of his coffee, rubbing his fingers at the new bags under his eyes.  “I’m not used to having to sleep,” he grumbles.
Eileen relaxes, waving a hand at Sam.  “It’s fine; they just went to get something to eat.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The drive back to the bunker is safe and quiet and well below the speed limit.  Cas’s teeth begin to chatter
“Listen, boy, if you’re going to lose your head in the face of
?!” Lilah’s jaw drops.
Still, Cas can practically see Dean manifesting, and over and over he pictures Dean winking into existence.  Standing in front of the Impala’s hood.  Hovering in the back seat.  Hand on the wheel and grinning at Cas like nothing’s changed.
Dean rolls his eyes, his lip curling.  “Since when are you my nagging girlfriend?”
Closer, only a few miles away, a brilliant blue lake lies nestled between two sharp peaks.  A small sailboat coasts over the surface.  A little tendril of chimney smoke rises from the trees to the west, signaling someone else’s home.
“You mean
The confession jumps from Dean’s chest, barely a whisper said to nobody in particular, a deathly delayed response.  He feels a shock ripple through his body as he realizes that it’s true.  Sam looks at him askance.
because
“What’s wrong?” Dean presses.
wrong with him?!
Jack is concentrating, his hands once again beginning to glow along the veins and in the fingertips.  He places his index and middle fingers in the center of Cas’s forehead, and his other palm over the gaping wound.  Light pours from Jack’s hands, washing over Cas’s head and neck.
Castiel’s jaw clenches.  He doesn’t feel blessed, or lucky, or fortunate.  He can still see Inias’ hand vanishing with a final gasp, Ishim’s body dragged into the dark.
Yeah, he’s definitely imagining it.
“So, after we kick Chuck’s ass, we’ll talk again,” Dean promises.  “Is that okay with you?”
On the days when he has no visitors and nothing to kill, he plays cassette tapes from Dean’s outdated collection and dances in the kitchen while he makes dinner for himself.
As angry as Cas is, Jack is still his son, and he pulls him into a fierce hug.
Cas rolls his hips again, and Dean can’t help the sound that leaves his mouth.  Slowly, Cas begins working his way down, sucking on Dean’s nipple again for a moment before continuing lower.
, Frank,” he snaps.  “Let’s go.  We’re losing daylight.”
no age spots to be seen.  His hip isn’t bothering him anymore.  He takes a deep breath, and his lungs are clear.  “What memory is this?” he asks, his eyes following the unfamiliar road from the bridge into the woods beyond the riverbank.
Castiel nods.
Sam winces, unable to pull his eyes away from Cas.  Leaving Dean at home was the right decision.
“Because aspidochelones are old creatures, older than magic, as old as time itself.  They date to the age of the Titans, before Man ever took his first steps on this earth.  They’re practically gods.”  Frank munches on a carrot peeling, looking a bit like a lizard with its tongue out as the carrot skin dangles from his mouth.
A breath falls from Cas’s lungs with sharp edges, hard and broken.  “I just… I don’t
, none of the coral appears to be dead despite being far from its native habitat.  In a few spots, the corals have climbed trees, sprouting from the tree trunks like real branches.  Castiel half expects to see a bird’s nest in one of them.
“Then you’ll earn your passage to Tortuga,” the captain says.  “Welcome aboard the
He hears Dean gargle and spit.  “Fine,” he replies, a bit hoarse, a bit breathless.
“We can help,” Dean says.
” and scrambles back up to the breakwater path.
—” is all he manages to say.
Cornfields whip past, stalks bending and bowing in the Impala’s wake.  A flash of a small pair of eyes in the headlights, and an animal crossing the road darts out of the way before the Impala can crush it under the wheel.
known this was happening, I wouldn’t have bothered with dinner,” Dean retorts with a grin that fades only a moment later.  “
What is wrong with him?
Wednesday was Netflix, but honestly he’d already exhausted most of the options that interested him, and one can only watch the
“Castiel,” Inias says, wandering closer to the tree line.  “Ishim, look at this.”
It doesn’t take long for Cas to find a rhythm — relentless, but just slow enough for Dean to feel every thrust, the drag and burn, piercing to his core, and the shocks that ripple through him each time Cas grazes his prostate.  The edges of his vision blur, the room fading from the background.
Sam opens his mouth to retort – probably some judgemental comment about Dean being an alcoholic – but before he can say anything the rift flickers and hisses, making noise for the first time since Jack left.  Dean tenses, alcohol forgotten, and Sam lurches to his feet.
“Castiel, dear,” Missouri says suddenly, taking Castiel’s hands in hers.  Her eyes seem to look straight through him, dark like a tide pool at midnight, and her hands are warm and dry.  He doesn’t have a chance to ask how she knows his name before she places her palm on his cheek and says, “I’m so sorry for your loss, my darling.”
Cas huffs through his nose.  “Okay, your breath does stink,” he admits, and releases him.
else.  But he’s not even taking a second to sit and feel the pain.  He’s ignoring it, and that pisses Dean off.
“Inias!” Castiel shouts, but with only a flash of a flailing hand, Inias is gone, sucked down into the depths by some unseen current.
The landscape undulates ahead in rills and slopes, rolling mountains and rocky ridges and rivers twisting and turning along the roadside.  This world is unspoiled and clean, sunlight winking through the canopy above them as the trees blur past, teetering in that perfect moment just before summer gives way to autumn.
Sam passes the room that used to be Dean’s, and the room that used to be his own.  The door to Cas’s bedroom is cracked open, just a hair, and when Sam pushes it open the room smells like laundry detergent, sage and gun oil.  He flips the light on and finds the bed halfway made, books still open on the desk, a recently-used jacket hanging from the back of a chair.
For a long minute, the only sound is their joint breathing, gradually evening out in tandem.  Dean’s entire body feels boneless and heavy, and he barely notices when Cas releases his leg and lets it lower back onto the bed.  He lets go of Dean’s wrists, too, carding his fingers through Dean’s sweat-damp hair, lazy and replete.
“I think it’s a Nachzehrer.  Rather, a group of them.”
Dean can feel the tips of his ears turning red, an all-too-obvious flush creeping up his neck.  “Sam, I swear to—”
A pair of hands appears from Cas’s right, and they seize the steering wheel and yank the Impala back across the yellow line.
If the psychics’ house had been ramshackle, this one is practically a ruin.  Holes in the roof, and the entire frame leans to the left like one strong breeze could blow the whole thing down.  There’s a small weedy garden outside, plants having been recently ripped from the soil and tossed.  The few plants still standing are far from flourishing, barely holding themselves up.
The air goes quiet and still.  The men stand and listen, eyes searching for anything amiss, knuckles white around the hilts of their cutlasses.  They hold formation in the middle of the deck, backs to each other, and stay a good distance from the edge.
He had always told himself that his thing with Benny was a matter of desperation and convenience — brothers in arms unable to turn to anyone but each other.  That whatever happens in Purgatory stays in Purgatory.  And that the handful of encounters he’d had as a much, much younger man were just… exploratory.  He was a kid, figuring shit out, and that was all.  He’s only now starting to think that maybe they weren’t just exploratory or just convenient or just desperate — maybe they were just his.  Maybe they were the things that built him.
Dean clamps his mouth shut, worry sparking under his ribs.
Around them the docks are abuzz with activity, swarming with people in organized chaos like the inside of a massive beehive.  Working men and women shout to each other in English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, and Creole, as well as a few other languages Castiel doesn’t recognize.
A horizontal spar attached to the mast, from which a sail is hung.  The yard refers to the entire length of it, while the yardarm is only the outermost portion on either end.
,” Dean complains when Sam’s taken over quite literally the entire library.  “Why d’you gotta make things harder for yourself?”
“So what was the Empty like?” Dean asks, only to try and fill the silence.  He can’t cope with silence right now.
This dangerous cocktail of spells is a Hail Mary, and Dean knows it, but he’s willing to try anything.  He begins collecting the ingredients for Sam.
Some changes are small: Dean laughs more readily these days, he’s up earlier and the alcohol in the kitchen isn’t depleted as quickly.  Cas is more animated too, less weighed down, standing straighter.  Other changes are bigger, and Dean apparently thinks they’re doing a good job at hiding it.
Smoke billows around them, the flames licking up and up and eating through the den walls.
The captain cuts him off with a glare.  “You know the rules.  Every man on the ship is to be tested.  No exceptions.”
They stand like that for a while, Cas folded against Dean’s chest and Dean’s hand on the back of his head.  They stand like that until Cas has stopped shaking.  Dean’s palm rubs his shoulder blade for a second.  “You’re exhausted,” he says into Cas’s ear, and he’s not wrong.  “Come to bed.”
“Yes.  Definitely.”  Cas waves to Eileen as she looks at him through the diner window and points to her watch.  “I have to go, Dean, but as soon as Eileen and I finish with this case we’ll head up to Akron.”
“It’s a monster,” Dean agrees.  “And as far as I know, the largest creature on Earth.  We’ve been hunting it for months.”
for this chapter.
already,” Cas says, and gives Dean a shove.
“Is this Heaven, then?” Castiel blurts, thinking of no other possibility.
.  As they row back out to where she’s anchored, Castiel realizes that this is a well-rehearsed process.  Build a pyre, salt and burn the bodies, watch until they’re gone.  It’s not just tradition; it’s routine.  He wonders how often they have to do this.
“Fifteen,” Eileen supplies.  “Not including Fred Sargent.”
Sam shifts uncomfortably.  “Nothing, I’m probably just coming down with a stomach bug or something.”
Dean pauses for just a moment to shrug with one shoulder.  “Just something my mother used to sing,” he replies softly, then returns to the song.
Dean shushes him, looking a little bewildered.  Jean-Luc has planted himself solidly on Dean’s lap and the girl has wrapped herself around Dean’s free arm.  The sight makes Castiel laugh, and Dean shoots him a glare.
Jack nods, a shadow of grief flitting over his face.  “I’ll still check in on you, and the others,” he promises.  “But you won’t see me.”
Dean’s already sprinted upstairs, all too eager to retrieve his swim shorts, but Eileen’s still setting her things down.  At Eileen’s questioning look, Sam taps a
Jack leans over and twists the key in the ignition.  The engine stops, the headlights switch off, and the Impala plunges into resonating darkness, sitting on the side of the road bracketed by nothing but corn.
in the human sense.  Jack catches him before he falls, crying his name and trying to keep him awake.
Dean grins, trying to ignore how his eyelids feel like sandpaper.  “Never too tired for this, though,” he argues, hooking his fingers through Cas’s belt loops.
Castiel, who’s been rooted to the ground since the douen appeared, at last finds his feet and spurs forward.  He whips his knife from his belt and searches desperately for an opening.
Castiel turns just in time to see Jean-Luc dive forward and throw his arms around Dean’s neck.  Dean holds him for a moment, but when Jean-Luc doesn’t seem to want to let go, he stands back up with the boy still clinging to him.  He hefts the boy’s weight to one arm and takes the little girl’s hand with the other.
Dean twists abruptly, clamping a calloused hand over Castiel’s mouth, and Castiel sucks a startled breath through his nose.  Dean’s eyes are barely six inches from his, wide and reflecting moonlight.  He presses a finger to his lips.
is he thinking?
, by Mathias Henley
“Okay.”  If Jack is offended by Cas’s remark, he doesn’t let on.  “All I’m saying is that there
“Right,” Sam says smugly.  “And you’re not wearing Cas’s robe.”
Dean pants, nodding at the ceiling as his muscles relax again, energy still crackling in every cell under his skin.  He can feel sweat just beginning to pool between his collarbones.  “Yeah, yeah, I — I just don’t want to set off the fireworks too early, y’know?”
delicious
Row by row, column by column, they work their way through the regimented sea of trucks, checking the license plates one by one.  The sunlight bleeds quickly out of the sky above, and before long they have to take their flashlights out of their coat pockets in order to see anything.
Castiel pauses, a little miffed that he’s apparently expected to just mill around and wait and do nothing, but holds his tongue, reminding himself that Dean’s the one doing him a favor.  If he needs to visit this friend before helping Castiel to find passage to Cuba, then Castiel doesn’t have any room to complain.
of shops,” Cas says, fatigued and carrying a couple of bags that he definitely didn’t purchase for himself.
The sun is just beginning to sink into late afternoon, spilling golden down the mountains and turning the lake rosy.  The sailboat is heading for shore.
Guilt ripples over Castiel’s face.  “I’m sorry.”
I do want to take a moment to point out that HIPAA laws do, in fact, protect the privacy of deceased people, and that Dean doesn't know what he's talking about.
“What is it?  What’s wrong?” he asks, holding her hand as gently as he can.
That coaxes a genuine laugh from Cas’s chest, and relief settles over Sam’s shoulders.  Despite the exhaustion still pressed into the corners of Cas’s face, he’s starting to look a bit more like himself.
“Who’s Sam?”
Dean breathes unsteadily, stumbling over his words.  “I-I mean, it’s not just that I’m grateful that you saved me – although I am – but…”  He trails off.  He’s desperately trying to figure out what to say and how to say it and the fact that his heart is thudding loudly in his ears is
“I — I think so.”
As the Lebanon town center disappears into the dust cloud behind them, Cas shifts to fourth gear.
But now he fits.  He’s home.  And maybe when they wake up, forty-if-they’re-lucky years won’t seem like such a short time.
funny,” he says.
“Then I’ll stay here with Marie Helene and the children.”  She takes Marie Helene’s hand in hers, patting comfortingly and giving the terrified mother a sweet smile.  Despite Marie Helene’s lack of English, she seems to understand that they’ll help her, and her shoulders fall as though she’s just dropped a huge weight to the floor.
“Yes, it does.”  Cas clears his throat and straightens.  “Another beer?”
“There are a
Cocky bastard.
It seems like ages since they’ve left the den, and ages more they have to walk.  In the pitch black of night it’s impossible to tell the time, Frank’s torch their only light and the forest above obscuring the stars.  They don’t talk now, hushed to silence by the prospect of danger lurking just beyond the torch’s light.  Dean doesn’t sing.  The children don’t cry or whine.  Even Frank has stopped grumbling under his breath.
Donna cups his face momentarily, comfortingly.  “In the back still.  I had to cover him up for the drive.”
He feels good, spurred on by the knowledge that Sam and Eileen are embarking on a massive challenge of their own.  He’s ready.
“Shit,” says Sam.
.  He’s
“Yeah,” he nods, “I’d like that.  Let me go move the car before your neighbor yells at me again, though.”
” Dean says, his excitement palpable even through the phone.
Sam sets his fork down on the little paper plate, scratching at the back of his head.  “Nothing, I… I just miss Jack.”
Dean looks him up and down, halfway terrified, and Cas abruptly wants to fucking
preventing someone from becoming just another thing they need to kill, as well as ensuring they don’t experience a painful afterlife.  He thinks of the men he’s seen buried at sea over the years, killed by accident or disease, thrown into the ocean, and wonders if any of them still roam.
attach himself
“Cas, I can’t hunt anymore.”
He thinks of all the injuries, all the cuts and stabs and shots and slices and
The sky is all blue and fading violet above Lebanon when Dean turns the Impala down the tunnel to the bunker’s garage and parks in the usual spot.  Loaded with a truly ludicrous number of shopping bags on each arm, they squeeze through the door to the bunker and dump everything onto the map table in the war room.
“Well, vamps ain’t exactly mindless killers,” Dean says, wiping mustard from the corner of his mouth.  “A lot of them know how to cover their tracks.  It’s a smart strategy.  My guess is Fred Sargent was an accidental slip-up, and we just got lucky.”
him.  But he told Cas.  More than that, Cas was helping him with the applications.
Maryann rises to her feet and shakes Sam’s hand, then Dean’s in turn.  “Absolutely I will, Agents.  You boys have a good afternoon.”
Left and right, respectively, if one is looking toward the bow.
of millenia – and however much time he has left now before he dies, even if it’s just of old age, seems so little.
you have a warrant?”
Castiel regards Dean in the dim light of the moon.  “You helped rescue two children.  That deserves praise, not punishment.”
“Yes,” Dean breathes, and kisses him again.
“The road through Heaven.  Remember, when Zachariah was hunting us—”
“Agent Frantz, welcome back,” the officer says.  He’s young — late twenties, maybe — with sandy blond hair and heavy coffee breath.  He looks worn out, like he’s been up all night watching TV.
But subtlety has never been Dean’s strong suit.
“Did you tell him?”
nearly six years old now
In the kitchen, Dean still makes enough mac and cheese for four people, resigning to just save the leftovers for whoever wants them tomorrow (or for a midnight snack later).  It’s a simple enough recipe, but Dean still takes pride in doing it well — none of that Kraft crap.  He slides the tray into the oven and is just opening the fridge to get a drink when he hears Cas walk into the kitchen behind him.
It’s not just Cas.  Sam has lived almost his entire life accustomed to losing loved ones.  His memories are filed in eras of
Before Frank has a chance to test him (or shoot him, which seems to be what Frank would rather do), a woman’s voice calls from inside the house.  “Frank?  Who’s at the door?”  A plump, sweet-faced black woman appears then at Frank’s side, barely taller than his elbow, and her face breaks into a beaming smile to rival the sun.  “Hello, Dean!”
one – who thinks any of this is a secret.  Cas is doing the same thing Sam is, waiting for Dean to catch up.
“Only a few other patients here, but I can’t give out that information.  You could try Preble Street.”
But the passenger seat is still empty, so Cas won’t back down.  Not yet.
Sam is grinning from ear to ear, shaking with excitement, and he slams into Cas with a hug that knocks Cas back on his heels.  He leads Cas down the hall, around the corner, and into a well-lit warm room where Eileen is sitting up in the bed, a bundle of blankets in her arms.  She’s still flushed and sweaty and her hair’s a mess, and she’s utterly lovely.  She beams when Cas follows Sam into the room.
Cas blinks and takes his hand back.  He stares at his palm, plain and graceless and unremarkable.  “I, uh,” he stammers.  “I forgot.”
Something occurs to Sam then, and he reaches over to the stereo and pops open the tape deck.  He picks the cassette out and grins at the label.
The kiss is everything, all at once.  Strange and familiar, electric and calming, unnerving and yet safe.  Dean’s fingertips dig into the nape of Cas’s neck, and all he knows is he doesn’t want this to end.  He doesn’t feel like he’s spinning any more, his compass unwavering.
Dean shoves Jean-Luc at Frank with a quick “Take him!” then, with no time for discussion, runs into the blackness after her.
"He's gone," says Cas, chest heaving.  "He went into the woods over there."
’s newest addition, are you?”
Dean gapes at him, ankle braced atop his opposite knee and the damp cloth still pressed to his calf.  “Are you sure?” is all he says.
Yet, Sam can’t bring himself to move.
He takes the bedsheets out of the bags, walks down the opposite hall to the linen closet, then drops the movie poster onto the desk in his bedroom.
“So who’s this friend we’re going to see?” Castiel asks, wiping the crumbs from his hands onto his breeches.
Dean quirks an eyebrow at him, green eyes flashing in the sun.  “Beggars can’t be choosers.  At the very least, you’ll find something to get you to Havana.  Or wherever you want to go.”
Dropping one final armful of wood onto the amassed pile, Cas looks up at the sound of an engine.  No, multiple engines.  There are cars coming.
They stand there for a few more minutes, until Cas finally straightens.  A sublime calm spreads through him.  He doesn’t have to tell Jack that he’s ready to leave.  Jack knows.
Nothing.
An hour later, the bar has quickly grown more crowded with white-collar workers filtering in from the various office buildings nearby, all looking for drinks before heading home for the evening.  By this point Dean’s had two more beers, wolfed down everything on his plate, and stolen nearly half of Cas’s fries.  Eileen remarks on it only to say that if Sam tried to steal her food, she’d break his wrist.
“Dean,” Cas rasps before dissolving into another cough.
“I’m on my way.”  Cas quickly ends the call, tossing his phone into the center console, and presses his foot to the accelerator.
not docked in Tortuga.
“See anything?” Castiel murmurs, eyes wide in the dark.
Somewhere in the spinning, Castiel sees the
“So far it’s a bit haunting,” Cas says, leafing to the next page.  “The rigid pre-determined castes, the consumption of Soma… It’s eerily similar to Heaven’s machinations.”
“Are you all right?” Castiel dares to ask.
But for Dean it’s still brand new.  It’s coming at him too fast.  He does want it – he
Cas lets go of his wrists and deftly unbuckles Dean’s belt, tugging at the zipper.  And when his touch skims over Dean’s
Eileen steps back, shakily swiping tears from her cheeks with her sleeve.  “I think… I think we have to lift him.”  She hiccups, looking sick to her stomach at the thought.
Sam raises his flashlight again to check the next truck, and something in the way the light moves makes Eileen look over.  His hand is shaking.
Dean struggles with his response, because he knows it
Its scream finally tapers off and it rolls clumsily, clutching one arm to its small chest, and Castiel quickly backs away with disgust tugging at his throat.
Sam’s heart lurches in his chest, and he clears his throat.  “I forgot about the cheesecake,” he admits.  “I’m sorry.”
Living without his wings and grace, without the powers he’s had since the beginning of the Earth and without the certainty of his own permanence, is
“Alright.  Two and a half,” Castiel amends, turning back to Dean.  “You?”
“Hence why we’re asking if he had any enemies.”
.  He lost Cas over and over again, and he lost Dean more times than he can count.  Grief has been as much a companion to Sam as anything else in his life
They drive to Hastings, just a hop-skip-jump into Nebraska, for the closest Wal-Mart.  Dean’s not the most helpful shopper under the best of circumstances and he still feels a bit unsure of how to carry himself around Cas in public, second-guessing every motion and glance and hyper-aware of anyone else that might walk past, so he shoves Cas in the general direction of the men’s clothing and wanders the aisles on his own.
It takes a long time for the pyre to burn down to nothing.  Sparks whirl up into the ether, the sunlight bleeds from the sky and the night sweeps in.  By the time the moonglow is poking through the trees to the east, the pyre has reduced to a patch of glowing embers, casting them in pulses of soft red light.  Fireflies emerge and wink in eddying circles, a choir of crickets and tree frogs filling the spaces.
Castiel’s arms burn with the effort of carrying Feliciana – as small as she is, the longer he carries her the more she seems to weigh.  If Dean is experiencing a similar ache, he doesn’t let on.
Ishim disappears.
So that’s how it goes, those first few months after Chuck.  Sam sees all of these things and pretends he doesn’t.  After all, he’s got his own thing to focus on with Eileen, and they have a lot of exploring of their own to do.
make eye contact with Sam.  “Yeah, we… we need to talk.  Figure out some stuff.”
Cas nods in agreement, still panting from the exertion of wrestling with a werewolf twice his size.  “This was so much easier when I had powers,” he remarks, idly kicking the severed head of the alpha away from its body with the toe of his boot.
They drive the hour back to the bunker under a rapidly setting sun, the windshield blazing in orange and purple.  Dean plays music, but not so loudly that they can’t talk.  The conversation is effortless, not punctuated by thorny silences or grasping at straws, and somewhere in the back of Dean’s head is the thought that it should be more awkward than this, that surely it can’t still be
drops an anchor for a few hours in the late morning on the shore of Mayaguana.  They don’t have to worry about anybody else finding them by chance here
By the time he’s done, it’s nearing seven o’clock.  Too early to go to bed, and Sam’s not tired anyways, but he’s sick enough of the books in the library to be done with them until tomorrow.  He resigns instead to head to his room and call Eileen, maybe watch some Netflix, maybe read a book for
“You are speaking my language,” Dean says with a wink.  “It’s a date.”
It takes only two steps to cross the space between them, and just as Cas looks up from the sink, Dean grabs his face and pulls him into a kiss.
“I’m glad you’re amused,” Castiel says flatly, although he can’t quite stifle a grin as he gingerly rubs the wound through his shirt.  Dean’s laughter is infectious, and besides, the pain is already fading.  He leans against the wall beside him.
Dean sets him down on the dirt road, bare feet and all, and Jean-Luc runs for the house.  Marie Helene bursts forth from the doorway, crying, “
He’s going to die.  He’s going to die
Sam nods, unsurprised.  “I know you miss him, I do,” he says.  His words are gentle and kind and make Cas feel like a child.  “But is that really something you’d want for Dean?  Just being stuck here, slowly going crazy?  You know as well as I do how ghosts end up after enough time.”
late nights at the Roadhouse, fishing with Bobby, Dean’s first girlfriend and his high school prom, the time Eileen came home to find Dean had dented the car.  Their laughter echoes out across the hillside, carried on the breeze as the sun sinks lower and lower.
Dean takes this in, then clicks his tongue against his teeth, as if to say
He still hasn’t gotten used to needing sleep, and has found in the month since the Empty spit him back out that he usually wakes up a few times each night, as though his newly human body hasn’t quite remembered yet how to stay asleep for more than an hour or two.  So he lays there and lets his mind wander, trusting that sleep will eventually return before dawn.
Dean blinks, and a swell of emotion surges up somewhere inside his chest.  Cas means it — he really would back out right this second if Dean requested it.  Abruptly Dean feels safer, more cared for and more loved than he has in years.  Or — ever, really, now that he’s thinking about it.
Dean has only half a second to frown in confusion before the blueberry pie smacks into his nose with a truly terrific splatter.  His face, neck, and shirt now mottled purple, Dean sends a nasty glare in Sam’s direction.  “
He can’t breathe.  Is this what a heart attack feels like?  Is he old enough to have a heart attack?
“Maybe,” Dean says idly, juice dribbling down his chin.  “Want a bite?”
After a somewhat lengthy discussion, Sam and Eileen come to the conclusion that Dean is too young to attend a hunter’s funeral, and they agree to tell him later, once they return home.  It’s not an easy decision, but they’ve never wanted hunting to affect Dean’s childhood and Sam is desperate to protect him for a little while longer.  Apart from Sam and Eileen, Cas has been the most important person in Dean’s life since his birth, and Sam isn’t quite willing to let Dean watch Cas burn.
Cas looks over at him and cracks a smile.  “No, it doesn’t.”
Cas snorts, glancing down at Dean for a moment.  “I think he’s catching up on twenty years of sleep deprivation.  He lasted until the battle of wits with the Sicilian.”
Rounding a corner beneath a precariously balanced scrap stack, a man leaps out of the darkness with yellow eyes and huge fangs bared.  Eileen puts a bullet in his head from four feet away, and the junkyard erupts into chaos.
“So when you said you were born into this,” he says, because it’s the first thing that occurs to him to say.  “You meant that literally.”
Inias goes pale as a sheet.  Castiel grabs his arm.
The douen abruptly materializes out of the shadows, dropping from its hiding place above, and sinks its teeth into the back of Dean’s neck.  Dean shouts in pain and the douen’s limbs cinch around his torso as it latches onto him like a tarantula.
“You’re welcome.”
So, he follows it up with the only response that makes sense.  “We’re going to pull that on Eileen too, right?”
poster to send to Claire as a joke.  He chuckles to himself, predicting that she’ll send him a
, Eileen thinks, although she’s not entirely sure why her gut is telling her to disbelieve him.  Before she can probe any further, Dean or Cas whistles from the other side of the lot and makes Sam raise his head.
A mug sits on the desktop to his right, drops of coffee dried in the bottom of it.  He remembers buying the mug for Cas as a joke shortly after Dean was born.  In blocky printed letters, it reads:
Dean mulls this over for a minute.  “Well, I appreciate that.”  He rubs his left thumb over the knuckles of his right hand as he tries to tangibly construct his thoughts.  “Frankly, Cas, I don’t really know how to do this.”
“Well, then, it’s a good thing you’re not dating me,” Dean snarks back.
Dean can’t
“Nothing, I…”  He sits up, rubbing gunk from his eyes.  He’s sure he looks awful.  “What time is it?”
“Not that well,” Lilah says with a shake of her head.  “He sleeps in our doorway sometimes.  Lot of mornings I have to tell him to leave when I open the pub.”
– with Lisa and Ben – he’d wanted to take his time.  Cas is no different in that regard.
He was right the night before — he is sore, but not as much as he expected.  As he steps into the shower and scrubs his skin under the steaming spray, Dean can still feel the phantom touches of Cas’s hands and mouth, fingers gripping his hips and stretching him open.  He kind of hopes the sensation will last.
“Well, you’re not bleeding through your shirt, so that’s a good sign,” Dean says, although he’s looking down at Castiel’s shoulder suspiciously.  At last he jerks his head in the direction of the stairs to the deck.  “Come on.”
He’s a possessive hand winding roughly through Dean’s blood-soaked hair, fingers scraping over Dean’s scalp, wrenching Dean’s head back.  Forcing Dean to look him in the eyes.
Why didn’t he just say it back?  Even if he doesn’t feel the same way, he knew what was happening and what Cas wanted to hear before the end.  Guilt claws at Dean’s skull.  Cas sacrificed himself and Dean couldn’t even say it back just to say it.  He froze.  He did nothing.  He let Cas die.
His orgasm sneaks up on him, crashing over him like a tidal wave between Cas’s thrusts, spilling across his own stomach.  He cries out with the force of it, savoring the all-encompassing feeling of Cas holding him through it, of being surrounded so completely.
“I’ll live,” Dean says, elbows propped on the edge of the barrel.
Dean peers closely at his borrowed blade to ensure that it’s sharp.  “Any visions, Patience?” he asks, his tone falsely light.  “They’d certainly come in handy right about now.”
Drawing one final deep breath of the crisp night air, Dean nods at last.  Sam is right.  And Cas didn’t just say
She clicks the hammer of the gun, her eyes flashing in the sunlight.
here.
He hurtles through Lebanon with no regard for the speed limit.  It’s already past two o’clock, and Lebanon is a laughably small town; there’s nobody on the roads besides Cas.  The rumble of the Impala’s engine echoes off the buildings lining the main street, rattling the dark windows of storefronts as she passes.
Cas steps closer, crowding into Dean’s space, and reaches up with his other hand to cup Dean’s cheek.  “Then please trust me when I tell you that you
When Cas pulls away again, Dean barely manages to stop himself from letting out an undignified whine.  He’s breathing heavily, his head still crackling with oxygen, and he feels drunk in the best way.  So it takes a little too long for Dean to realize that Cas’s eyes are not looking at him, but rather at something over his shoulder.
As soon as he sees them, Sam begins to cry in violent, wracking sobs.  Eileen drops to her knees beside him and wraps her arms around his shoulders, his entire weight sagging against her side.
“Well, that’s a good sign,” Sam says, though he doesn’t look relieved.
“You heard me.”
“Well, that’s comforting,” Frank remarks.
“Morning,” she signs through a yawn.
Dean flinches in genuine surprise, then dissolves into wracking belly laughter, clutching his stomach and wiping tears from his eyes.  “I’m— I’m sorry, I forgot about the—” He’s laughing too hard to finish the sentence, gesturing vaguely to Castiel’s injured shoulder.
“Dean.”
Dean shakes his head, sitting up on the edge of the mattress with his bare feet on the floor, still half breathless.  “I just… just need to pump the brakes for a second.”
That’s okay, though.  Piercing the Veil is difficult.  It took Bobby ages to figure it out.  It took Kevin even longer.
The deck is strewn with bodies.  A few men.  Mostly monsters.
Dean glances for a moment between Castiel and Frank, and nods.  “Yeah, douens, they’re solitary.  There’ll be only one.”
The soul is small and quivering, fresh from the topsoil.  A woman who sold herself to cure her baby daughter’s cancer.  Dean doesn’t care.  He smiles, and begins peeling her skin off in strips.
“What now?” he asks instead.
“What do you mean?”
It’s a struggle, but Cas meets his eyes at last.  “Okay.”
Cas clamps his mouth shut, glowering at Dean’s back.
“What do you think?” comes the gruff answer, halfway muffled by Dean’s pillow.
“Where is he?” Sam asks, voice cracking.
Gritting his teeth, Cas seizes her and rolls once, twice, three times, and comes to a stop with her underneath him.  He grabs the machete and is about to bring it down on her neck when she twists and kicks him off with impressive strength.  In the half-second before she attacks him again, he sees that Donna’s already killed the male and she and Claire are still working on the other female, coming at her from both sides.
Dean’s hands are braced on the grimy carpet, chest heaving, eyes blown wide like he doesn’t quite know where he is or who he’s looking at.
, he’s gone?!” – and Sam doesn’t understand, knowing something is missing from Dean’s story.
It’s back on its feet
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe.”  Cas pauses, squinting into the sunlight.  “You’re not exactly the outwardly emotional type.”
Castiel wrinkles his nose as he follows Dean off the
“Now?” asks Cas.  There’s no surprise or shock in his tone; he’s only confirming.
Dean shrugs.  “I dunno, it’s just good to get back to basics, I guess.  Something nice and simple.  Straightforward.”
“Dean?” Cas prompts, hand held out.  “The beer?”
, he thinks.
Dean shrugs dismissively.  “Kids get scared.  Doesn’t hurt to be nice.”
time and time again, and Akobel has never steered them wrong before.
’s masts.  She only has two, anyways.  The
Eileen is beside him then, grasping at his arm.  She’s saying his name, he knows she is, but he can’t hear her.  Cas is drowning, unable to breathe.  He’s clinging to Dean’s shoulders, prayers pouring out of him like a waterfall over a cliff.
Alastair takes a scalpel and slices down the side of Dean’s neck, and Dean lets him.  He carves into Dean’s chest, and Dean lets him.  He cuts Dean’s ear off, and Dean lets him.
“Think of how much time we’d have saved with all this stuff compiled in a computerized database.  A database you can
“He survived an aspidochelone,” Frank says, gleeful, like he’s sharing a tantalizing bit of gossip.
Kneeling over him is a young man, sun-kissed and freckled and soaking wet.  He’s haloed by the sun.
“Wait ‘til you see the moose shirt I got for you, Sam,” Eileen taunts, arms laden with more bags.
“Any other info on him?” Dean asks, scratching behind his ear.
Cas’s lips pull away and leave a line of kisses down the side of Dean’s neck, and Dean involuntarily makes a desperate noise in his throat when Cas’s teeth graze his collarbone.  Dean’s mouth drops open and the back of his head hits the door a bit too hard, but he barely notices.  The overriding sensation is the weight of Cas’s body, the fingers tracing his hips below the belt line, the heat of Cas’s breath as he buries an open-mouthed kiss into the dip where Dean’s neck meets his chest.
“Sam!” he says, striding quickly out of the sitting area.
had three masts, and Castiel had known every inch.  The
“Told you.”
While Cas reads, Dean flags down the waitress again.  “Hey, can I get a beer along with the special?”
“A few times every month?” Dean echoes.
“Okay, okay,” the stranger says, lifting his palms.  “What’s your name?”
Then, realization strikes him deep.
He thinks of Dean sleeping on the couch with Cas, and of how many more nights like that Dean must want.
They navigate the increasingly narrow streets of the town, a tangled spider web of lanes and alleys and straw-roofed houses.  The throngs of people begin to dissipate the further they get from the harbor, and as they climb higher up the hill the air clears and it’s easier to breathe.
A small peninsula stretching out from the main island drops into the ocean as suddenly as a building collapsing, leaving only frothing white in its wake, and the anchor chain from the
Dean watches her leave with a distinctly irritated expression, and worry twists in Cas’s gut.
Eileen grimaces and wipes wolf spittle from her jacket.  “Gross.”
Sam looks at Dean, trying and failing to hide a grin.  “What are you two up to?”
“Get the kid out!
Sam is not about to let Dean off the hook.  “That doesn’t answer my question.”
“How do we get in?” asks Frank.
The captain nods curtly and hooks his thumbs into his belt.  “Where was your ship headed?”
“You knew?”
“Here, let me help,” Castiel says, and takes the cloth from him.
The upper edge of the hull where it meets the deck, below the bulward.
“It’s the
“All right.”  Dean nods, actually feeling comfortable leaving their conversation open-ended for the time being.
echoes in Dean’s ears.  He knows there’s nothing to fear from Cas, but Dean is still nervous as hell.
Ahead of the
“Hitting close to home, huh?” Dean asks, pressing a kiss to Cas’s temple.
” comes down from the crow’s nest, and the heads of everyone on deck lift in surprise.  They’re not due to make port in Havana for another four days.
“Yeah, clearly,” Dean says, raising an eyebrow at her.
“You see, without your grace, you’re just an
“Come on,” Dean beckons.  “Let’s get you home.”
Eileen had sold the Valiant only a year after Dean was born; they’d agreed to upgrade to a more family-safe vehicle.  But there is no need here for car seats or state-of-the-art airbags, and Sam is overjoyed to see the Valiant again.  Eileen is going to be even more excited, once she arrives.
Sam hands his machete to Eileen to hold for a moment and clamps his flashlight between his teeth.  Then he grabs hold of the handlebars and hoists himself up onto the back of the truck.  He braces himself against the freezing metal and, a few seconds later, twists over his shoulder to say, “There’s something here.”
Abruptly, Castiel is unwilling to let Dean brush him off any longer.  He’s not sure if this lack of straight answers is typical for Dean, or if whatever Dean had talked with Missouri about was weighing on him, or if it’s only because Castiel isn’t part of the
“No,” Dean says with a chuckle.  “Anything you’d describe as a monster, anything that preys on people, that’s what we hunt.”
and Sam is just now realizing that it’s not a road, it’s a driveway.
sails south through the Caicos passage, little islands poking up out of the waves on both the eastern and western horizons.  The sunset this particular night is a brilliant pink rippled with orange, a mackerel sky, and the ocean turns to wine.
begins to hum a low, rumbling tune.  Dean sits a couple yards away atop a wooden crate, knocking his knuckles against the crate in perfect tempo.
Eileen has to shout in order to make him look at her.  Her eyes are wide and threatening to spill over, but suddenly she’s the only thing tethering Cas to the ground.  “Castiel,” she says, forceful and soft all at once.  “Cas.  Listen to me.  We need to bring him outside.”  She places her palm on his shuddering chest, pleading.  “We need to get him home.  Can you help me?”
“That’s pretty,” he comments, Feliciana heavy on his back.
He touches his forehead, then turns his palm outward in reply.  “No idea.”
Cas’s fingers card through the stubble of Dean’s hair, his other hand palming Dean’s bare hip.  “What are you laughing at?”
” he cries, his fingers white where they grip the edge of the dinghy.
Sam hangs up the call and spends the quick journey from the coroner’s office to Commercial Street going over the medical file he’d obtained from Gagnon.  The file is light — only a couple of pages — but Sam reads and rereads.  Sometimes, Dean wonders at how Sam never seems to get carsick.
By the time the clock reads
Cas pushes the blanket from his shoulders, scratching at the stubble on his chin.  He needs a shave too.  “No.  Just last night.”
“Thanks.  I didn’t wake Eileen or Dean, did I?”
Out of seemingly nowhere, Dean can’t shake the suspicion that he’s waited far too long for… for this, whatever it is.  Maybe he does find men attractive in the same way as women, but it’s never occurred to him to explore or even acknowledge that.  Or maybe Cas is just an exception to the rule.  Or maybe it doesn’t even matter, and Cas’s gender is among the smallest of details.
Sam makes a noncommittal sound in his throat as he untwines a particularly twisted stretch of tape.  “Eileen’s been after me to go to the optometrist,” he answers.  “She thinks I need glasses.”
Dean holds out his hand and hoists Castiel to his feet, keeping his grip until Castiel ceases to sway.
“Orders, Captain!” a crewmember cries.
Understanding clears the confusion and sorrow from Sam’s face, and Cas is relieved that he doesn’t have to explain further.  He doesn’t have to explain that yes, being here on the bad days hurts more than he can describe, but that this is also where he spent every one of his best days, his
Reality slams into Castiel with all the force of an asteroid striking a planet.
” Sam chokes on the other end.  “
She squeezes his wrist comfortingly, her chin trembling.  “We’ll do this together.  Okay?”
”  Fury surges up in Castiel’s throat, choking him.  He grits his teeth.  “My ship is gone.  Everyone I—  They’re
a frantic pounding from the front door.  Sam descends the staircase as the doorbell lights flicker in both the upstairs and downstairs halls.  In the entryway he flips the switch for the porch light and opens the door.
She leaves the window and grabs her phone from where she left it on the bedside table.
It’s such
cascades through him, he’s bloody with it, but somehow he can’t quite bring himself to look up at Cas while he does this.  So Dean follows his gut instinct, and rolls onto his stomach.
“Alright, no more vamp talk,” Dean says quietly, then deftly changes the subject to teasing Eileen again about her choice in food.
“Cas,” Dean says a few minutes later, as the screams begin to die down.  “Cas, you can leave it.”
Patience glances at Frank as he sits back down and goes to work on the carrots.  They share a light chuckle, amused by Castiel’s lack of comprehension.  “Dean didn’t tell you?” she asks, unpacking plantains, cassava, sugar apples, and sweet potatoes from the basket.
The Impala trembles around him, shaking as the air splits around her.  The pavement screams below
The mermaid in front of him slinks onto the foredeck, fins unfolding into limbs.  It’s taller than he is.
“Son, you’re in the home of psychics,” Frank says, like it’s something Castiel should already know.  “Our sanctum sanctorum.”
the powers he already has.  Jack is arguably the most powerful creature on the planet, but Dean’s not sure that’s enough to handle it, and he keeps imagining Jack burning up like an overloaded circuit.
“Don’t worry,” Dean says, like he knows what Castiel is thinking.  “She’s got a granddaughter who’ll keep you company.”
Dean meanders through the Home department and picks up a few things he thinks they might need at the bunker — extra bedsheets, since he has a feeling Jody and the girls will start visiting more frequently, and a
Dean quirks an eyebrow at him.  “Cas and I are still in the honeymoon phase.  You sure you want to be in the room for that?”
Dean goes to a water barrel at the base of the mainmast, taking a rag that’s been drying over the edge of it and soaking it for a moment before scraping at the back of his neck.  He hisses slightly at the sting.
There are shrubs and colorful flowers, dense thicket and vines.  And poking through the greenery is coral.
Jack swallows and steps up, clearing his throat before he too says something in Enochian.  It’s shorter than Sam’s long-winded chanting, and after only a few words the mixture in the cauldron turns a frightening shade of gold.  Sam ladles a few scoops into a mug from the kitchen, careful not to burn himself, and hands it to Jack.
It’s a warm evening in June when Claire appears at the bunker entrance.  She’s now well into her twenties – a gorgeous, fully established adult.  Cas is ecstatic to see her, and ushers her inside.  They sit in the library with a pile of Chinese takeout, chatting about their lives and laughing together as they work their way through a six pack.
“Mm, probably.”
“Yes, how did you come into this line of work?”
It’s a cassette, the tape spilling from it in a tangled, kinked-up mess that crinkles in Cas’s fingers.  The label on it has faded from overuse, the Sharpie barely legible anymore, but Sam doesn’t need to look closer to know it says
The rest of the scouting party is already piling into the dinghy.  They haven’t bothered taking the time to untie the rope; someone cut it, leaving the tail hanging from the tree.  The entire island is shaking, and it’s deafening.
Dean presses a paper towel to the cut on his thumb.  “It’s not that bad, Cas.  You don’t have to heal me.”  He’s watching Cas with worry knotting his brow.
Castiel shakes his head, sensing that he’s brushing up against a topic he shouldn’t approach.
“No,” the Empty seethes through clicking teeth.  “I’ve decided.  I want nothing to do with you ever again.  I already have Death and
Sam is falling through space.  A tether inside him has snapped, leaving him reeling.
The blue fades into black.
For the second time, Sam stands in this same field, surrounded by family, and watches someone he loves disappear.
Sam’s quiet for a minute, digesting this information.  “What’s going on, Cas?”
“Dean,” Cas says again, hoping it’ll motivate Dean enough to send a sign
“Don’t worry, I have one for you too,” she assures him, pulling a second uniform out of her duffel.  It so happens that she has a friend in New York who works in costume design, has an excellent eye for detail, and most importantly, owes Eileen a
before Castiel has time to blink, and he manages to twist away in the split second before the mermaid’s jaw closes on his head.  Instead its teeth pierce his shoulder, tearing through the meat there as he jerks back.  Pain explodes behind his eyelids.  He can feel his skin in ribbons.
Cas flips the book closed for a moment so that Dean can see the cover.  “Aldous Huxley,” he says.  “Have you read it?”
Dean swallows, not even daring to breathe as the three of them wait.
silly.”
Missouri takes a long breath, patting the woman’s arm and giving her a short nod.  She turns to Dean.  “Her son Jean-Luc has gone missing.  She’s been looking for him all day but there’s no sign of him.  He vanished from the market.”
“Do you do this for everyone?” Cas has to ask, because he knows human souls find their way to their destination just fine without divine interference.
“There’s one thing I don’t understand,” Sam says to Eileen while they work, tucking his blade under his arm briefly in order to sign with both hands.
Castiel blinks.  “I’m sorry?”
Akobel, captain of the
Dean takes a second to respond.  “Hell yeah.  Better’n the old way.”  His voice is already sluggish, the fatigue of the day rapidly catching up to him.
He exhales again, studying the wall.  “It’s because you’re important,” he says quietly, then awkwardly clears his throat, feeling much more naked than he actually is.
By the time Dean comes back from the bathroom, looking just a bit more bright-eyed, there are two mugs of steaming coffee sitting on the table.  He takes a long gulp, wincing when it burns his throat.
Garth offers to take the children back to their homes instead so that Dean and Castiel can rest, but Dean brushes him off, and Castiel is glad for it.  As tired as he is, he’s not quite willing to let go yet; he wants to see Feliciana back in the arms of her parents himself.
“All three of you?” Castiel asks with a dubious look in Frank’s direction, because jumpy and suspicious don’t seem like traits that should coincide with psychic ability.
“I know,” she replies, a smile tugging at her mouth.  “It’s nice to meet you.  I’m Patience.”
, he thinks, then feels absurd and ducks his head and slides into the driver’s seat.
Cas shakes his head again, unwilling to back down from his oath.  Whatever the Empty means, it has to be worse than his current punishment.  “If you send me back to Earth, I will still come back to you eventually,” Cas pleads, hoping to convince the Empty to keep him.  “When I die, millenia from now, I will come back.”
Missouri
Whatever Castiel might have wanted to say can wait.  They quickly follow after Frank.
Dean considers this, then shrugs, returning his attention to the pie.  “Okay, so you saw it.”
“Still.”  Dean straightens, adjusting his shirt back into place.  “This isn’t what you signed up for, and I know that.”
The entrance to the captain’s quarters is just to Castiel’s left, and he leans close to hear what’s being said more clearly.
“Like Eileen said, we need to scope out the rehab clinic.”
“You came back,” he says.
“Dean—” Castiel starts.
Whoever’s humming carries on for a few measures, and then several deep voices all join smoothly.
application?
and he’s solid under Cas’s touch for the first time in far, far too long.
Mr. Singer glances for just a moment between Dean and the captain, and steps forward, drawing a knife from his belt.
Dean graduated kindergarten less than two weeks ago, and Cas was there in the audience with Sam and Eileen cheering him on as he received his star-studded certificate from his teacher.  Cas never missed anything when it came to Dean.
Castiel wrenches his blade out of the douen’s spine, seizes the creature by the neck and flings it to the ground, then brings the knife down again into the douen’s chest.  This time, it only gurgles, its mouth flecked in blood, and at last ceases to move.
figured out some way around the natural barriers between dimensions, between life and death, slams into Cas with tangible force.  He shakes his head, feeling his heart about to break.  “Oh, Jack,” he says.  “What have you done?”
The change in angle allows Cas to push even deeper, and Dean’s groan is muffled by Cas’s lips finding his own again.  The kiss is messy, dirty, Cas’s lower lip catching in Dean’s teeth.
Cas doesn’t sit.  He paces with his hands in the pockets of his jeans, alternating between watching the clock and staring out the floor-to-ceiling windows at the town sprawling below and the moon rising in the night sky.  He drinks several too-small cups of coffee, the empty paper cups piling up in the little trash can by the machine.  The lights of Salina wink against the dark outside, and the fluorescent lighting in the hospital dims to a calming glow.
“Practically everything you ever heard of is real,” Garth says with a light chuckle.  “Any case, I can’t think of a worse fate than turning into an angry ghost.”
to.  The only times he’s ever seen Sam spend all day in his room, foregoing exercise and healthy meals, have all been under an oppressive blanket of depression and guilt.  He’s never seen Sam lounge around all day watching movie after movie, subsisting mainly on popcorn and pizza just for fun.  It’s a welcome change, and further proof that Eileen is good for Sam in more ways than one.
Castiel does insist, however, on going in ahead of Dean — through some strange protective instinct or a desire to prove himself, he’s not sure.  But with his knife clutched in his fist, he gets on his hands and knees in the dirt, then sinks even lower and begins a slow, squirming, wriggling crawl into the den.  The entrance isn’t so much a door as it is a narrow tunnel leading inward, where it grows dark and damp.
” chants the TV.  This scene always makes Dean laugh; it’s almost a pity he’s missing it.
Sam shakes his head.  “No, I don’t think so.”
Garth shakes his head.  “No, no, you’d have a mass panic on your hands,” he says.  “And that’s only if they even believe you.”
Sam blinks.  “You
“No.”  Jack shakes his head.  “But you are my father.”
“That’s how they lure the kids,” Dean continues, not meeting Castiel’s eye.  “They cover themselves up in clothes so they look human at first glance, and the kid just… follows.  By the time the kid realizes it’s not their mother, it’s too late.”
“Keep it,” Dean insists, then shrugs.  “At least until Tortuga.  You never know; we might run into more trouble.”
.  There’s too many things hanging overhead.  “I mean, right now, we’ve got so much on our plates with Chuck hunting us down and… It’s just not the right time, you know?  I don’t want to make any kind of decision until we can sit back and breathe a little.”
Before Jack can argue, a body materializes behind him, oozing out of the black and taking shape until a second Castiel is standing there with a sinister, trembling grin.
The pie festival in Akron seems as good a place to have a heart-to-heart as any.  Sam sits across from Dean at a picnic table and watches as Dean demolishes several slices of pie in a row, barely stopping for breath between flavors.  In front of Sam sits a piece of plain blueberry, a timeless classic, but he’s only eaten a couple of bites.  They’re surrounded by people and balloons and sunshine, a scene completely incongruous with their lifestyle, and Sam wonders at how comfortable Dean seems in this particular setting.
Light flares across the window shades from a car turning outside in the parking lot, engine rumbling through the wall.
“For that, you’d have to talk to the police.”
Inias kneels by the base of a sagging palm, hand splayed on the trunk.  Where the palm sinks into the earth, it still looks like solid rock, which is strange on its own — Castiel has never seen a palm tree growing from rock, volcanic or otherwise.  A glance up and down the edge of the woods shows all the plants similarly taking root, sprouting up through the ancient lava flow itself.  But that’s not what Inias is pointing to.
What is he going to do, burst into Cas’s bedroom at five in the morning?  To do what?  Just to talk?  Cuddle?  What the hell is wrong with him?  He’s drunk and acting rashly, and it’s not like he has any kind of plan.  Dean shakes his head and rolls his eyes at his stupidity, then scrapes his palms over his face and pulls his fingers through his hair.  Gritting his teeth, he swallows any thoughts of seeing Cas right now and deftly turns on his heel to go back to his room.  Which is where he should be.
, sprouting up in every color, in every shape.  Mixed in with the coconut palms and copperwoods and white cinnamon, the forest is an entire reef unto itself.  And stranger
Above board, the day has already swung into a blinding midmorning.  There’s not a cloud in the sky, and the sun beats down on Castiel’s skin and warms him to his bones.  Bobby’s at the helm, and he can see Garth aloft near the crow’s nest, working in the rigging.
and Cas and Eileen almost immediately lose their hold on him.  He hits the ground like a tree torn from its roots, the hole in his back surrounded by a large patch of blood.  Cas sees at last that it’s a piece of rebar jabbing out from the wooden post – sharp, bigger than any angel blade, and dripping with Dean’s blood.  It’s long enough to have pierced nearly all the way through him.
“All right,” Dean says with a grin, taking a long gulp from his flask.  “Who’s ready to roll a few vamp heads?”
“Case in El Paso,” Sam says, handing her his iPad so she can read the relevant article.  “Vetalas, I think.”
A moment later, the noise repeats and Sam’s eyes snap all the way open as he realizes Eileen’s snoring isn’t what woke him.  He sits up immediately, pushing the blankets aside, and quickly leaves their bedroom.
Missouri flings the door open and ushers a sobbing, trembling woman inside.  The woman is young and small, a slip of a thing, in clothes that are threadbare and patched several times over.  Her dark skin is tear-stained on her face and chapped on her hands, her mouth open in a seemingly unending wail.  “
.  “That everything?”
, he chants in his head.
Eileen nods, her image grainy and lagging slightly.  The 5G isn’t great here.  “Yeah.  She doesn’t know anything.  Wrong place, wrong time.”
A slight movement to the left makes Eileen turn her head, the beam of her flashlight briefly catching a glimpse of a coat disappearing around a truck.  "There!" she says, and breaks into a sprint.
A long pole extending horizontally from the bow of a ship, used to anchor the foremost sails.
“Cas, you okay?” calls Sam.
When they stop for a gas and bathroom break in Hooker, Oklahoma, Dean doesn’t make any jokes about the town name.  He just turns off the Impala’s engine in the Love’s Truck Stop parking lot and asks if Cas wants anything from the mini mart.
Castiel sits on the main deck with the crew, breezes whipping at their hair and clothes as the sun sinks into the sea.  The evening meal tonight is no different than the previous nights
.  But his head hangs low and his arms and legs are slack, utterly unmoving.  Behind him, a small stream of blood has coursed down the post and pooled under Dean’s boots.
Triumph surges in Cas’s ribs, white-hot and fierce, like he’s suddenly sprouted wings again.  A smile bursts out of him as he slams on the brakes, the Impala’s tires squealing as the other car streaks past with a final blare of its horn.
Each statement is like a slap to Castiel’s face, layering on shock after shock.
Jack is desperately trying to keep him upright, but Cas sags against him.  He can feel blood – plain, non-angelic blood – pouring down his front.  He feels
Dean recalls vaguely that he’d been confused and hesitant before this, but it already seems like a distant, fuzzy memory, not much more than a dream.  He can’t quite believe that he was ever uncertain, ever apprehensive.  In fact, the only thing he can think about at this moment is wondering why the hell it’s taken him this long.
Facing cosmic beings like archangels, Death, the Empty, and God himself has gotten old very fast, Dean decides.  And despite the fact that he, Jack, Sam, and Cas are all working together, they’ve never been more lonely.  Even when working cases solo, they always knew there were others – people in their corner to call on, to offer advice or expertise or an extra pair of hands.  Now, outside the bunker, the world is void of help.
Sam clears his throat.  “Yes.  Yeah, I’m here.”
“Okay.”  Sam takes a sip from his mug, waiting for Cas to elaborate.  There’s a nearly ten-hour commute between the bunker and Mia’s practice, so Sam knows Cas usually has these appointments through videochat.
Dean is not in the room any more.
A hand darts out from the shadows and rips Feliciana from Castiel’s back.
As a boy, Castiel had dreamed of mermaids.
Cas’s arm twitches, like he wants to reach out and touch Dean in some way, but he keeps his hands to himself.  It dawns on Dean that the idea of Cas touching him in this moment doesn’t alarm him.  He still doesn’t know if he
Cas doesn’t understand what he’s seeing.
“Well, then how has the
The kitchen is a mess.  Sam huffs in annoyance at the pile of dishes in the sink, but at least it means Dean and Cas have been cooking.  Dean’s been insisting on showing Cas how to cook these days, every day a new recipe, and Sam thinks it’s good for Dean to have a project that doesn’t involve monsters or marathoning Scooby Doo alone in his room.  Cas has been patient and studious, though as far as Sam can tell, he doesn’t have any innate interest or talent in cooking.
Marie Helene’s home squats where they left it, firelight from inside glowing through the windows and the holes in the roof.  From a distance Castiel can see the shadow of a woman pacing.
“I don’t understand how you do it,” he remarks to Garth as the sun ascends to the port yardarm.
“Why can’t you bring him back?”
Cas swallows, his cheeks flushing in embarrassment even in the moth-speckled light.  He lifts his hands, and Sam realizes for the first time that he’s holding something.
Cas exhales slowly.  “Yeah.  I know.”
“Can you see it?” asks Frank.
“I’m – I’m sorry.”
Donna follows him to the truck bed and squeezes his arm.  “He was.  But we were on a roof, and he was close to the edge when it happened.  He fell.”
And that’s when it happens.
Eileen clicks her tongue against the inside of her teeth in thought.  “So… if the garbage men are picking up the black bags when they’re not supposed to, you think they’re in on it?”
The days are rare when there is nothing to hunt.  The news is quiet, nothing amiss popping up on Sam’s numerous tracking algorithms, and an air of comfortable boredom has settled over the bunker.
Cas frowns in the dark, confused.
“It’s cute that you know my order,” Dean replies with a wink, skimming the menu anyways.
Claire lets out a breath.  “I just… I know Dean went down hunting a vamp nest and I didn’t want to make you do something that was… triggering, I guess.”  She shrugs.  “Donna’s already on her way to Denver to meet me there, so if you don’t want to, you don’t have to.”
As for the two of them, they’ve had an adjustment of their own.  The transition from friends to… whatever they are now (they haven’t discussed a label, and Dean isn’t sure they will any time soon) happened incrementally and without planning.  When Cas first came back there was no time to talk about what he’d said to summon the Empty — Dean had launched straight into make-sure-Cas-doesn’t-die mode.  But somewhere between making ice packs to help break Cas’s fever and shoving enough food at him to feed a congregation, the wall came down.
Castiel chuckles.  “Sorry, no.”
Dean thinks he understands it.  Cas is human, and trying to figure out what that means for him.  As an angel, he’d just kept what Jimmy had worn before he gave up his vessel, and during his first brief stint as a human he’d not had any real options, or time to even try to figure out what he liked.
Sam and Cas still live in the bunker, but it hardly feels like home once Dean is gone.  Eileen moves in officially, which helps to fill the void a little bit.  Mostly, it helps Sam.  Cas still finds himself going to sleep most nights with a chill in his stomach and a lump in his throat.  His bed, far too small for two people to sleep comfortably, is now entirely too big.  Like an ocean he could drown in.
The corner of Cas’s mouth twitches to the side, like he’s about to laugh.  “You didn’t offer.”
They chase the rest of the pack all the way to the roof and run out of the service door into the blinding sunlight.  The three remaining Nachzehrers are crouched with their teeth bared, ready to defend their territory.
The Nachzehrer in front of Cas, however, is showing no signs of slowing down.  He rams the machete into her stomach to the hilt, which pierces all the way through her and comes out the other side.  She screams, a high-pitched unearthly noise vibrating out through her dual-pointed teeth.  The motion of her pulling backward wrenches the handle of the machete out of Cas’s hand.
,” Dean gasps, and his hips try to leave the bed.  His hand fists at the sheets, the robe still pinned beneath him, and finally finds the top of Cas’s head, fingers winding into his hair.
“What do you recommend for food?” he asks her before she can walk away.
monster—” Frank starts.
“Mermaid,” Dean says under his breath, gripping Castiel’s arm as he watches the water, eyes darting to and fro.  “And where there’s one, there’s more.  We’re in trouble.”
He puts up a fight, but Dean finally sits up and rubs the sleep from his eyes as Cas gets dressed.  They leave the bunker with Miracle trotting alongside them and fresh air filling their lungs.
Jack returns the embrace, smiling into Cas’s shoulder.
Cas presses the gas and shifts to second gear, then third.  The road leading away from the bunker and toward downtown Lebanon is pockmarked by cracks and potholes; he hits all of them, the Impala’s frame jolting painfully with every one.  She jars his teeth, as if to say
“NO!” Dean yells, once again launching toward where Jack is now crouched over Castiel.
Her face is blotchy and she looks more like a child than she has in years, chin trembling, but she nods and swallows and doesn’t argue with him.
Cas chooses that moment to take Dean into his mouth and bury him to the back of his throat.
Dean’s eyes widen, and he glances anxiously between his father and Castiel.
When Dean was killed, it made Sam almost immediately want to put hunting and everything that goes along with it behind him.  But Cas sank deeper into it, throwing himself full force into case after case after case.  And for nearly two years Sam went along with it because it was the only thing Cas was truly interested in doing.  Then when Eileen got pregnant, Sam finally made the choice to leave hunting entirely, and Cas declined his invitation to do the same.
Cas laughs, and for the first time in ages, it’s genuine.  His own cooking skills leave a lot to be desired, but Eileen is
Castiel can’t tell who
’s rigging, her furled sails.  “I’ve spent my life at sea,” he says.  “My crew, my family, they’re gone.  And what you do is… it’s grand and important.  Maybe I want to help.”
Cas blinks, arching an eyebrow.  “You left the oven on, didn’t you?”
the cabin, the landscape, the very pebbles under his shoes.  The view defies belief.  The curve of the earth isn’t the same here as it was in life; it’s as though the planet itself has unfolded completely.  He can see further than the horizon, past the mountain range to great oceans and golden prairies and sprawling cities that glint under the sun.
“You got any snacks?” asks Dean, poking at the plucked chicken.
The vetala shrieks as Sam finally wrestles her to the ground and Eileen darts in for the kill, silver knife finding its mark.  The body goes slack and begins to crumble, wasting away into the sidewalk.
“You didn’t ask,” Dean fires back.
Castiel isn’t sure if it’s the unfamiliar territory making him anxious or the fact that he suddenly doesn’t quite feel ready to say goodbye to Dean, but he agrees with the latter option.  He wonders at his decision as he and Dean step from the dock onto solid land, but imagines he’d likely feel the same about any person who had rescued him from monsters.
Cas swallows.  He knows it’s time.  He feels ready.  “What about them?” he asks.
“Mermaids won’t die if you hit them with steel,” Dean elaborates.  “It’s got to be copper.  Most ships don’t carry copper weapons.”
“That’s what we do.”  Dean smiles, his chest puffing out slightly in pride.  “We’re hunters.”
Cas sighs once, slow and content.  He lifts his head and kisses Dean gently on the mouth, the cheek, the forehead, and then shifts and accidentally slips out of him with an embarrassing noise that makes them both laugh.
Driving back to Lebanon, Cas has the windows rolled down and he breathes deeply, intentionally.  Music loudly plays on the radio and his thumbs drum along in time on the steering wheel.  The sun is beginning to set, the sky streaked with brilliant pinks and oranges and purples rippling across the clouds.  Miracle sits on the passenger seat watching the traffic go by as Cas idly scratches his ears.
Cas closes his eyes and drifts, listening to Dean’s breathing and the occasional rumble of a big rig passing outside of the motel.  He doesn’t think he’ll ever get tired of this kind of peace.  The only thing that would improve this moment, Cas decides, is for them to be at home in the bunker rather than a seedy motel a block away from a mall.
He spouted some bull about being within every person and raindrop and tree and beam of sunlight and then bailed.  Cas hadn’t been angry about Jack leaving until he’d found Dean in the barn with rebar through his chest and Jack just… didn’t come back.  Cas tries to see Jack in the rain and the rocks and the sun, and maybe if he was still an angel he might be able to, but it all just looks empty to him now.
The captain regards Castiel with a piercing look, examining him up and down.  “Did you test him?” he asks.
He nods, but even in the encroaching dark she can see that he looks nauseous.  Despite the cold a faint line of sweat has formed at his hairline.
“We should catch up with Frank.”
“Monster’s been here?” Dean prompts him.
“Come on, man,” he says, kicking Castiel’s side through the hammock.  “Rise and shine.”
Donna helps to carry Cas from the truck.
Letting his fingers run up the rib of her hood from the headlight to the side mirror, Cas pulls the door open and sits in the passenger seat.  The hinge creaks as he shuts the door, a grating noise so familiar to him that it sounds like
He’s about to turn and leave with the stack when a piece of paper on the desk catches his eye.  He sets the dirty plates on the corner of the desk and picks up the page.
His pulse pounding in his ears, Castiel leans over the railing.
Sam pauses, phone in hand, and gives him a strange look.  “Why?”
He’d almost forgotten completely about
Frank’s entire demeanor changes in a second.  His eyes widen, he leans forward, elbows on the table.  “An aspidochelone?” he echoes.  “You survived an aspidochelone?”
There are islands approaching from the distance, and Garth shields his eyes against the sun and says they’ll stop soon for the funeral.
“We’ll fill you in at the station,” Sam tells her.
Cas doesn’t move for a moment, just stares resignedly at the broken ends of the tape in Sam’s hands.  He lets out a slow breath, then rakes his fingers through his hair and sets his coffee cup on the table.
“Hey, buddy?” Dean cuts him off tightly.  “You’re not making it better.”
“Yeah, it’s a local non-profit,” Sam clarifies.  “According to the officer I talked to at the station, a lot of the time it serves more as a homeless shelter.  And the last time Fred was there was only a couple days before his body turned up.”
Cas frowns in confusion.  “What—?”  It’s at that moment that he realizes that his chest hurts, inside and outside, and it’s radiating outward.  He looks down and sees a small bullet hole, just to the left of his breastbone.  A red poppy blossoming in the fabric of his shirt.  “...Oh.”
“Well, how do we know?  Maybe Wessie’s eating folk.”
“Since I started eating,” Cas replies, looking up for only a moment before he returns to his task.  “We saved you breakfast.”  He points to the fridge with a soapy knife.
At that, Dean sighs.  “Great.  I don’t suppose you speak Portuguese?” he asks Castiel with a desperate look.
“Yeah.”
“I’m Dean,” he tries, pointing to his chest, then patting Jean-Luc’s shoulder.  “This is Jean-Luc.  That’s Cas.”  He gestures to Castiel, then lightly taps the girl’s chest.  “And you?”
Cas can see that he’s about to fall back asleep, so he presses his forehead to Dean’s.  “We have to go walk the dog.”
Feeling entirely detached from the earth under his feet, Cas nods again.  He has to do this.  He can’t leave Dean here in this horrific position, not when Dean deserves so much better.  Together, Eileen and Cas grip Dean’s torso and attempt to pull him from the post, but he won’t budge.  He’s pinned.
Castiel raises his eyebrows, turning the blade in his hand so that it catches the moonlight.  Now that he’s got the time to look at it more closely, he can see even in the dimness that the blade is not the same color as the familiar steel swords he’s seen all his life.  He recalls what Dean said the day before, that Bobby had held a copper coin in his hand to see if Castiel was human.
Cas grins.  “Not at all.”
Dean’s voice rises then in the song’s bridge, and Castiel’s heart skips in his chest.
The stars shimmer up above against the painted sky and the world around them is full of life, colorful even in the dark.
Garth sits back, breathless and wide-eyed, his face striped with dripping blood.  “Thanks, pal,” he says, looking up at Castiel in what might be described as awe.
“There.”  Dean points to an opening low to the ground on the eastern side of the den, barely big enough for a small person to crawl through.
She shivers, her body cooling down from her run, and decides she’s going to reward herself with a giant hot coffee from her favorite bakery.
Cas laughs, and it’s the best thing Dean has heard in days.
Castiel seizes Jean-Luc by his narrow shoulders and pushes him into the tunnel.  “Go, go, go!” he urges, watching Jean-Luc’s bare feet scrabble for purchase as he crawls quickly outside.  “Dean!”
.  Driving her without Dean present just feels wrong.
Cas takes a long, quiet sip from his cup.  Then, “Thank you.”
“I miss him,” he says, and Sam notices for the first time a coffee cup sitting on a shelf behind Dean.
“You kissed my hand!  That was so sweet!” Sam taunts him.
“What now?” he asks as Jack cuts the engine.
Again, Paradis hits the fast-forward button, scrolling through another hour or so of the footage before resuming its regular speed.  The man in the coat and boots returns, walking toward the street from the wharf, but this time he stops short, obviously not expecting the black bags to still be there.  The man turns on his heel, his hand touches his head as if in panic, and after a moment’s hesitation he picks the bags back up, hauling them back the way he’d come.
Dean climbs the rest of the steps and, lacking anywhere else to sit, he sinks onto the slope of grass a few feet away from the door.  The bunker edifice looms behind him, solid and dark and unapproachable.  Dean breathes deeply, intentionally.
Dean shrugs, not all that inclined to wonder at a monster’s philosophy.  “Probably just trying to lay low,” he says.  He takes a sip of his beer, and swears colorfully.
Dean shakes his head, automatic, like he barely heard the question.
By the time they’re ready to begin the spells, Dean and Sam have been awake for at least forty-eight hours.  Sam forces Jack to sleep, insisting he needs to be at full strength to do this, and Dean doesn’t disagree.  So while they wait for Jack to rest and recharge, Dean and Sam remain in the library.  Dean is relieved when Sam doesn’t press for any more information about Cas’s final minutes.  Instead, Sam only suggests that Dean get some sleep too.
, he says.
Cas swallows.  “It didn’t occur to me that you’d… that you’d actually reciprocate.”
his sword arm is pinned
Cas seizes this opportunity to push Dean’s shirt from his shoulders, prying it from Dean’s torso like he’s cracking open a geode.  Flannel hits the floor at their feet.  Cas peels the remaining t-shirt up and over Dean’s head and tosses it.  The air hits Dean’s bare skin simultaneously too hot and too cold, making a shudder ripple through him as Cas’s lips brush his jaw.
It’s a big ask, he knows, to drive six hours with a body in her truck.  But Donna doesn’t bat an eye.  She and Claire will be there.
The crappy mattress sags and creaks as Cas slides under the covers, and Dean instinctively shifts closer, letting Cas wedge his arm around Dean’s shoulders.  He lets out a long breath, settling into Cas’s side with sleep approaching quickly.
“That’d be a horrible way to go,” he remarks.
“It doesn’t look too bad,” he remarks.  The douen’s teeth left an almost perfectly circular bite in the flesh over Dean’s vertebrae, but it’s not terribly deep and hasn’t bled very heavily.  “How’s the bite on your leg?”
The den is burning in full glory now, a massive bonfire several times Castiel’s height.  Foul heat washes over him, smoke filling his nose, but he refuses to move from his place near the entrance, just in case any other creatures try to make a run for it.
to be
.  He misses Eileen.
The Empty morphs again, and Dean suddenly appears where Claire had been standing a second ago.  Cas jerks backward a step in shock.
“Fair point.”  Sam flips his blade once in his hand, testing the weight like he didn’t sharpen it just that morning.  “But it doesn’t hurt to be prepared.”
“Tomorrow we’ll find you a ship to Havana,” Dean says.  “I promise.  Sorry it got delayed.”
Dean’s thumb brushes along one of Cas’s lower ribs, breath in Cas’s hair.  “Yeah.”
Dean claps a hand on Sam’s shoulder as he passes, taking the steps up to the porch.  “Built it myself.  Pretty cool, isn’t it?”
at him – is infuriating.  Dean knows that after their talk on the bridge, Cas will not be the one to bring it up.  He will let Dean initiate, whether it takes days or years or even if Dean never says a thing.  He’s exasperatingly, mind-bogglingly patient, a trait earned from a life already thousands of years long.
Jack shakes his head, the glow finally fading from his eyes.  “No.  No, the sooner the better.”
When Sam dies, it’s August
Garth shrugs.  “You helped.”  He grunts and strains with the weight of the mermaid until Castiel finally finds his feet and steps over to help him.  The body disappears into the black ocean.
He staggers back as the mermaid lunges again, and he’s not fast enough.  His feet are swept from under him, his back hits the planks, and suddenly he’s looking into the mermaid’s gaping mouth, across rows and rows of teeth mere inches from his face.
“Yeah, just a bit,” Dean says bitterly.  He wasn’t ready to share this with Sam.  Not literally minutes after he’d figured it out for himself.  Too late now, though.  “I should go talk to him.”
“I think…” Cas speaks slowly, reaching over to grasp the front of Dean’s shirt.  He tugs Dean close again, his voice lowering in a way that makes Dean’s skin tingle.  “I think we should pick up where we left off.”
Cas swallows.  He feels cold in the very marrow of his bones.
“Hey, Donna!” he greets her cheerfully.  “Been a while.”
When Dean doesn’t answer, Cas presses, “Do you want to talk about it?”
Castiel swallows, his insides churning.  This was a point he could agree on with Frank.  A week ago he might have dismissed the idea as nonsense, but it had only been when the
“Hi,” Sam greets him with a smirk when Dean jumps.
Sam snickers, thoroughly pleased with himself.  He knows just as well as Dean does that peanut butter and jelly is Castiel’s favorite flavor.
Dean and Frank stand agape, watching the flames reach for the canopy.
.  On the low dresser at the other end of the room is the bottle of liquor that Dean apparently brought with them, already a quarter empty.
, scowls at the island through his spyglass and gives the order to drop anchor.  “We must be off-course by a good distance,” he says.  “We’ll stop and stock up on water and food while we sort this out.”
Cas’s heart skips, his hand tightening on the steering wheel.  “Where are you?”
Dean accepts this and doesn’t press further.  Cas is right, it has been an adjustment, but ‘not particularly fun’ is likely a good candidate for Understatement Of The Year.
gotten used to seeing Cas out of the trench coat, but he can’t deny that he prefers the average-Joe look.
Sam lets out a long sigh, then scratches the back of his head and stands up.  “Well, g’night, Cas,” he says, already making for the door.  He’s intruded on them enough.
As Castiel squints up to the woody ridge glowing in the noon sun, Ishim lashes the rope from the dinghy to a palm trunk close to the water’s edge.  The other three men clamber out of the dinghy, arms laden with empty sacks and crates for food.  They have plenty of stores on board the ship, but if they’re as far off course as Akobel believes they must be, it’s only common sense to collect extra while they have the opportunity.  At least in this particular area, it’s obvious the island is uninhabited, and so they’ll have to forage.
” Jack shrieks, grabbing Cas’s arm and trying to pull him away.
Castiel blinks, then takes in his surroundings like he’s noticing where he is for the first time.  The moths swarming the porch light, the streetlamps along the quiet suburban street, Sam’s pajamas and bare feet.  “I…” Cas says in a heavy exhale, his shoulders falling.  “I’m so sorry, Sam.  I didn’t realize what time it was.”
In any case, Dean knows that if Jack dies, he won’t be able to cope with that loss.  Not along with everything else.  So he supposes it’s good that God is after them, because if it doesn’t work they’ll all die anyway.
Sam nods.  “Okay.  Good.”
“Hell, yeah.”
do,” Eileen replies, and a little wave of relief settles onto Sam’s shoulders.
He thought being human was a blessing.  The Empty destroyed his grace and, disgusted with him, spit him out one final time.  It was supposed to be a blessing.  If he’d come back with his grace still intact and Dean had died anyways, it wouldn’t even have been half as bad as this, because as an angel Cas would still be able to reach him.  As a human, he can’t wander into Dean’s heaven.  He can’t pray in any way that Dean would hear him.  Cas is completely alone.
“Dean, I feel fine,” Cas says, more gently this time.  “Truly.  It’s been an adjustment, and I know the first few weeks weren’t particularly fun.  But I feel good.”
Frank’s eyes bore into him as surely as the knife he’s holding, his shoulders tensing even further.  “You can never get too comfortable in what you
Somehow, even though they’ve salted and burned his body, Cas still expects Dean to appear as a ghost.  Surely Dean has enough unfinished business in this life to tether him here even without his bones.  Every night Cas waits, staring into the dark until it swims, willing Dean’s shape into formation at the foot of his bed.  Every night, Dean doesn’t show.
“Dean?” Cas blurts before Dean can walk away.
Cas gazes past the chain-link gate to the fleet of garbage trucks parked for the night.  “We don’t know that we’ll find the vampire nest here,” he says.  “If Fred was bitten before he was put into the trash bags then it’s unlikely this is where they’re feeding.”
“You said that, but it doesn’t make sense.  Why would the Empty take him?  Right then, at that moment?  And doesn’t the Empty have to be summoned?”
Once she’s behind the bar again, wiping down a few empty glasses at a safe distance from their table, Cas continues.  “I don’t understand why a vampire would go to the trouble of dismembering and disposing of a body.  They don’t usually care so much about leaving a trail.”
But surely a few minutes can’t hurt.
Cas is going to have to piss Dean off.
Already the crew has begun the cleanup, dragging mermaid corpses to the edges of the ship and tossing them unceremoniously overboard.  Dean and Garth hoist one together over the bulward, letting it vanish into the dark with nothing more than a splash from below.
Cas sits calmly in the passenger seat the entire time, enjoying the scenery and waiting for Dean to pick a spot to stop.  He’s infuriatingly patient.
Dean slaps the pie into Castiel’s hand.  “Run!”  He dashes into the crowd before Castiel can protest.
) monster he’s encountered in a week.  If that hasn’t earned him Dean’s candor, he doesn’t know what will.
Sam doesn’t seem bothered by the obstacles, and shrugs instead.  “When has that ever stopped us?”
slow down, but she only replies with “People are dying, Castiel.”
“That’s nice of you.”
“What about you?” asks Garth after he tells Castiel about a tavern that supposedly has the best blackened fish this side of the Atlantic.  “What will you do?”
Cas’s cheeks flush slightly, and Eileen snorts.
A window opens on the monitor, displaying the sidewalk on Commercial Street near the head of one of the fishing wharves, the image in color but grainy.  In unison, Sam, Dean, Eileen, and Cas all lean forward to get a better look.
handle it!”
He’s right.  On the main deck, the battle is far from finished.  Castiel grips his cutlass tight and follows Dean into the fray.
Sam considers this, then makes a face as if to reply
“I mean, we never had them digitized
When he finally opens his eyes everything is blurry, his vision still swimming.  He blinks rapidly against the blinding light.
Dean is fine.  He closes the door quietly.
The douen’s voice is identical to that of a human woman.
“Cas, Jesus,
clutch in, shift to first, clutch out, accelerate
Castiel is back on his feet the moment Dean disappears, chest heaving.  “Should we go after him?”
Feliciana is still screaming, the sound drawing farther away.  Castiel can barely hear her over the pounding of his heart.
“Are you okay?” she signs.
“Last week, I went to pick him up from pre-school and they told me he didn’t wake up from his nap even though the fire alarm went off.”
Outside, Frank swears loudly.
The bag plops onto the jagged rocks and stays there.  A head is just visible through the rip in the plastic, the outline of a nose and a milky white eye.
Castiel blanches.  “
“Ugh is right,” agrees the coroner.  “This was all that was in the bag from Spring Point.  And he was a tall fella, so he’d have been put in multiple bags.”
“What?”
He isn’t prepared for the noise.  Cas can feel and
Castiel holds out his forearm, where the cut has stopped bleeding.  “So, when Mr. Singer… tested me.  He was—”
Here in the woods, with the danger behind them, Castiel finally asks.
Dean makes a face like Sam just asked him to climb into a vat of worms. “Dude, can’t the rehab wait ‘til tomorrow?  I’m exhausted.”
.  Shut up and try your beer.”
Eileen wakes with the dawn, the window of the motel room glowing a chilly pink.  She sits up in bed, stretching and working the kinks out of her back from the terrible mattress, and blearily rubs the gunk from her eyes.  Sam is not in bed, and she blinks a few times to force her eyes to focus before she sees him sitting at the small table in the corner, already dressed and sharpening their machetes.
“You can tell me my future?” Castiel presses, a million questions heaping up in the back of his throat.  Will he make it to Cuba?  Will he see England again?  Will he ever see another monster?
“Thank you, that’s very helpful,” Frank spits into the undergrowth.
The rear of the ship.
Dean nods.  “Yeah, classic bite mark on the guy’s neck,” he reports.  “Or what was left of his neck, anyways.”
“Okay,” Sam says.  “Well, we’re heading to the police station now—”
Once they’ve returned to the parking lot, Dean nudges Cas in the ribs.  “Hey, you all right?”
Sam takes a sip, and then another.  He’s suddenly rocketed back into a memory
Cas clears his throat and sets his cup on the table.  “Yes.  Sorry.  You were saying?”
body jerks and he lets out a strangled yell, book flying across the room, and he very nearly falls onto the floor.  “
, he’s finally gotten his wish.
Cas lets his head fall on Dean’s shoulder, in the crook of his neck, relishing in the warmth pulsing from Dean’s body.  He’s not ready to leave this moment yet.  “I want to stay here.”
eager to do that again,” Frank says, spitting twice onto the ground like he’s warding off a curse.  He’s bleeding from several cuts scattered over his face, neck, arms, and chest.
Eileen checks her phone momentarily before tucking it back into her jacket.  “It’s almost four.  If we leave now we can get back home before Mrs. Mendez tries feeding Dean veggie bacon for breakfast.”
Cas leans on the sink and gasps for breath.
“Jack!” Sam shouts.  He and Dean grab Jack before he can fall to the ground, but they can do nothing except hope that Jack survives.
Castiel wipes water from his brow, now more annoyed than confused (although he’s that too).  Explanations, it seems, are a rare commodity on this vessel.  “Havana,” he spits.
a million times, it doesn’t mean your impression of Hans Landa is a good one.”
” she cries, still trembling.  “
But for now, he knows the world will keep spinning along with everything in it, and he has plenty to live for.
Ahead, Frank marches on just slow enough for them to keep up, following back along the douen’s original trail.  The torchlight throws Dean into rosy orange, his profile cast in sharp chiaroscuro like a painting in a church.
Dean tilts his head, dragging a long gulp of beer.  “Fair enough.”
Castiel glances around the vessel again, taking closer stock of the details of her — the sails, rigging, masts, cannons, anything else he can see.  She’s not so different from the
Time slows to a crawl as Cas approaches the barn door with his pulse echoing in his ears and static crackling inside his head.  His limbs seem to move of their own accord.
“Teeth marks?” says Sam.
“You already had quite a bit to drink this morning,” he says quietly.
despite its proximity to the shipping routes and trading ports, the isle is uninhabited, myths of angry Lucayan spirits hanging over the land and keeping potential settlers at a distance.
“No way,” Dean says in astonishment.
Abruptly, Sam is struck with the stomach-twisting sense that he’s walked in on something he wasn’t supposed to see, and he quickly puts the application back down.  He gathers the dishes and leaves the room.
This is so stupid, to keep waiting.  He’s done waiting.  He’s asking.
“The Presumpscot Python?” she clarifies, but Cas only shakes his head.  “Don’t you read the news?  The giant snake on the loose in Westbrook.”
Dean shields his eyes against the sun for a minute, watching his father pay the harbormaster at the head of the dock.  “Well, you can head off any time you like,” he says.  “But if you want, you can tag along with me.  I got a few things to do, and afterward I can help you find a boat to Havana.”
They drive from the outskirts of the city across a bridge and into downtown, buildings crammed onto a hilly peninsula kicking out into the waters of Casco Bay.  Portland is an odd city, a handful of different eras piled on top of one another.  Cobblestones and sagging brick taverns from the 1700s squash against hotels and condo developments that have sprung up in the past ten years.  Monuments from the 19th century, shops from the ‘50s and ‘60s, restaurants and cafes from the ‘90s.
.  He swallows the irritation surging up from some unseen base, the tension plastering his shoulders.  His fingers curl, fist clenching for a moment before he drops his arm and returns to the menial task of setting the table.  He can feel Dean’s eyes following him.
“Come on,” Dean says, striding through the living area past the small dining table.
Dean can’t see him.  Alastair is nothing but black, or maybe he just scooped out Dean’s eyes again.
“He deserves to live with a family.  With children.  And a house with a yard.”
The Impala sits on the bridge behind Dean, gleaming in the sun like she just rolled off the assembly line.  Sam doesn’t know why he’s surprised to see her.
Robin stands, propping their hands on their hips.  “Let me see your badges.”
Jack nods, still catching his breath.  “Yeah.  Yeah, I’m good.  I think it worked.”
“Are Sam and Eileen eating too?” Cas asks as he goes to the table and sits down.  He’s got the knife Dean bought for him clipped into his back pocket, Dean notices.
The mermaids are not from his mother’s stories.  Black eyes catch the moonlight in flickers, skin dark and iridescent.  Their faces are human, hairless, neither masculine nor feminine, and dorsal fins sprout from their spines.  Their jaws unhinge, mouths bristling with fangs like anglerfish.
Cas lifts his head, his lips pulling away from Dean for the first time since they came into the room.  This makes Dean open his eyes, meeting Cas’s gaze (and doesn’t that just nearly take him out at the knees).  A small, barely-detectable grin is sketched over Cas’s face.
“Alright, well, the report said that the blood was drained.  What can you tell us about that?”
“Have any other bags turned up?”
“All right, come on,” Dean says, jerking his head in the direction of the cargo hold.
In the evening, as the wind begins to die down and their speed slows, Castiel and Dean are still aloft, feet stirruped in the ropes along the yard.  The sky has gone from blue to a gleaming gold, the water darkening to violet flecked with orange on every ripple.  The
Dean and Sam wait in the library for what seems like an absolute eternity.  The minutes tick by, until Dean is sure it’s been hours.  Sam drums his fingers nervously on the table, and Dean can’t stop his leg from bouncing incessantly on the floor.
Dean’s heart quickens at the sight of Cas squirting lube onto his fingers, excitement and anxiety spiking in his stomach in equal measure.
When they return to the bunker, it feels empty without Jack, and yet it’s more full of life than it’s been in ages.  Overjoyed to be home without yet another enemy knocking at the door, the three of them sit at the table in the library, drinking beer and laughing until the early hours of the morning.  Sam videocalls Eileen, Donna, Jody, Bobby, and Charlie, one after the other.  It’s partly to make sure they’re alive and safe, and partly to have them join in the celebration.  This is a family night, and it’s not complete without them.
An idea occurs to Cas then, sparking in the back of his head.  In an all-too-familiar gesture, he lifts his hand and touches two fingers to Dean’s forehead.
They turn down a narrow street leading up the hill, walled with shops and vendors’ stands and even more crowded than the waterfront.  Flies cloud around a butcher’s stall, stray dogs licking their chops nearby and eagerly awaiting scraps.  A man calls out promises of the best curried goat in the Caribbean, a beggar shakes his cup as he asks passersby for spare coins, and a musician on the steps of a tavern blows a jolly tune on a wooden flute.  A hunched woman in a large floppy straw hat shouts “
Castiel isn’t sure what he was expecting Dean to say to that, but he sure as hell wasn’t expecting him to flinch like he’d been burned, shoulders tightening.
Castiel swallows.  His cutlass is trembling in his hand.  “Did I?”
thrown in the ocean.”  He huffs in annoyance, mad that the answer is escaping him.  “Just, y’know, sequentially.  Doesn’t make sense.  It’s obviously not a human bite.”
“What, so I don’t try to crash again?”
Sam pauses and looks up at that.  Cas’s eyes are still a bit red around the edges, and he definitely hasn’t shaved in at least a couple of days.  The flannel he threw on over his t-shirt is wrinkled, like it’s been sitting in a laundry hamper for a while.  Given how exhausted he looks, Sam supposes it’s a miracle Cas made it the four-hour drive from Lebanon to Bonner Springs without crashing the Impala.
Cas snorts derisively.  “Well, this is definitely hands-off,” he snaps.
He picks a direction at random, and drives off in search of a new home.
and he guides her out of the garage, speeding up as they drive up the ramp through the tunnel.  They hit the road outside faster than is really safe
The second vetala is an older woman – a professor at the University and a former Kappa-Delta-Psi.  She whirls on Dean when Cas hits the ground, eyes flashing blue and fangs glistening in the light of the blinking bar sign.
Sitting in the passenger seat with Dean at the wheel is familiar, in the truest sense of the word.  Like walking through a house he’d lived in as a child.  Everything is different, but really, everything is the same.
The smile on Cas’s face only widens.  “I did,” he replies, and sinks down and kisses Dean, slow and deep.
“Hey, man, you want a beer?” Dean asks over his shoulder, already grabbing a second bottle from the shelf.
Castiel frowns at him in surprise, having not expected to volunteer for a search party today.  But seeing the look on Dean’s face – a new kind of focus, his jaw tight in determination – makes Castiel forget any protests that might have occurred to him.  “Yes,” he agrees.  “We’ll help.”
“Then you can keep watch,” retorts Dean with a roll of his eyes.  “It’ll be cramped in there anyways.”
For a good long while, the only sounds are the crunching of their boots and Frank’s occasional grumbles.  Castiel feels Feliciana’s head sag on his shoulder, exhaustion setting in.
“Slow down, child,” Missouri says kindly, cupping the woman’s face in her hands.  She’s quiet for a moment, gazing into the woman’s eyes, and everyone in the kitchen waits silently with their hearts in their throats.  When Missouri speaks again, she breathes out a soft “Oh, dear” and covers her mouth with her palm.
Dean gives himself a shake, clearing his throat.  “Nothing, man.  You just look funny,” he says quickly.  “We need to get you some clothes that actually fit.”
Dean, Castiel, and Frank all stare at her.
more.
a shot to the heart that would have killed him anyways, fall or no fall.
This, Cas decides, is what he’s staying alive for.
Tallie drops the bag with a shrill “Holy
“I can see that,” Dean snaps, clinging to whatever shred of dignity he’s got left.  “You ever hear of a knock?”
“Like hell you will.”
Castiel has no chance to argue or defend himself before Mr. Singer grabs his wrist and slices a shallow cut across the back of his forearm.  He yanks his hand to his chest, wincing.  He’s bleeding, not heavily, but it still stings.  The next instant, Mr. Singer takes a water flask and splashes Castiel in the face with its contents.
Dean and Cas stay on the porch as Sam climbs into the driver’s seat of the Valiant.  The keys are in the ignition already, waiting for him.  He starts the car.
Paradis shakes his head.  "No, but given what he's wearing we think he works on the docks in some capacity.  We've got a couple officers asking questions in the area."
So they leave Dean with a sweet elderly woman who lives across the street and has babysat for Dean before, and they make up an excuse, and they drive to Lebanon.
He catches voices floating down the hall as he heads for his bedroom, and he stops at the door to the TV room.  (He refuses to call it the Dean Cave.)  At first, he thought the voices might be Dean and Cas talking, but it’s a movie instead.
The Empty has a savage, unhinged smile plastered across Dean’s face as it reaches for Cas’s bleeding neck and pulls his grace out through his throat.  Cas’s mouth opens wide as he tries to scream, feeling the grace being ripped from every cell in his vessel.  It
The idea almost makes him laugh, and he slides clumsily over into the driver’s seat, taking the car keys from where they’re stashed under the sun flap.  “Okay, Baby,” he says to the dashboard as he sticks the key in the ignition.  “Let’s go for a drive.”
He’s joking, purely out of reflex, but Cas doesn’t take it in jest.  His frown deepens.
Though Cas is the only permanent resident in the bunker, it’s still a haven for hunters and he never finds himself alone for very long before new company shows up.  Strangers and familiar faces alike, whether they’re looking for lore or occult objects or just a place to have a beer.  The bunker is no longer a secret, and hunters turn up from all across the continent.  Once, a hunter from Guatemala stays for the night on her way north.  “Tracking the migration pattern of the chupacabra,” she explains over a glass of whiskey.
Cas is standing by the Impala, his face turned toward the sky with his eyes closed.  He’s breathing deeply, taking in the fresh air and sunshine.
“Back to the ship!” Ishim cries, eyes white around the edges.
“Dean,” Cas says, his voice still a bit hoarse from his injury the day before.  Dean’s heart skips abruptly; he ignores it.  “I am perfectly happy to continue our friendship unchanged.  Please don’t do something that will make you unhappy just because you think you owe me.”
Everything has an edge.  The world itself, in all its vastness, still has a limit.  Only so much it can hold.  And just because the edge of the universe hasn’t been found yet, doesn’t mean there isn’t one.  So too will there be an edge to his grief, a limit to how much he can take.  Whether Cas will ever find that boundary where his grief ends, spinning away from him faster than he can catch up, he doesn’t know.
“I don’t get it,” says Dean.
“Do you?”
“I gotta go shower,” Dean says softly.
things will get better.
The song Dean and the crew sing is
.  And Dean sobs into Alastair’s chest and lets himself be held.  And Alastair feels so solid and real and human that Dean can’t let go, can’t push away.  And his fingers dig into Alastair’s body like he’s offering every kind of shelter.
And suddenly, he’s looking down the barrel of his own gun.
Jody smiles.  She knows that he has a particular attachment to Claire, a more profound history.  “She’s very happy, Cas.  And, you know, she’s close by.  You could always go visit her.”
quiet.  Just a few days ago, Dean would have found that alarming.  Now, he finds it restful.  Dean wanders through the library to see if Sam is there, even though there’s nothing to research, nothing that Sam would be working on.  He’s nowhere to be found, and Dean instead discovers a note pinned under a whiskey tumbler on the table in Sam’s messy scrawl:
“Do you trust me?” Cas asks, voice dropping in a way that makes heat coil in the pit of Dean’s stomach.
Sam ends up booking two rooms at a budget motel in South Portland by the mall.  It’s not the most attractive location — sandwiched between a Chili’s parking lot and a Mattress King and overlooking nothing but pavement and a going-out-of-business Sears.  The Chili’s neon sign blinks periodically, casting red and green through the sheer curtains in Dean and Cas’s room on the motel’s second level.
– he also said
“You haven’t eaten anything all day,” she presses.  “What’s going on?”
Dean and Cas climb out of the Impala and hunch their shoulders against the bitter cold, dashing across the sidewalk before their fingers can turn blue.  Inside is bright and warm and coffee-scented.  Carhartt-clad fishermen are scattered down the counter, grumbling into their mugs before they head out to their boats for the day.
take the corner so carelessly
Dean’s response is quick and biting.  “I know he’s survived something that we’ve never seen a human being live through before.  And I won’t be the one making his situation worse.”
Rufus seems to be focused on the stars more than anything happening on deck, and Castiel can hear voices coming from the captain’s quarters below where Rufus is standing.  He darts silently across before Rufus can spot him, ducking behind the steps leading up to the quarterdeck.
Castiel ventures a few steps closer.
Dean lets out a relieved huff, though his stomach is still doing backflips.  “I just… I feel like we should take it a little slower.”
The front door of the house clunks solidly on its hinges and a girl shoulders inside, carrying a large basket braced on her hip that overflows with fresh vegetables, carrot tops feathering over the rim.  She’s dark-skinned and tall, slender, with a kerchief tied over her hair to keep it off her neck in the heat.  Castiel can only assume this is the granddaughter Dean had mentioned, and suddenly feels grateful that she’s not a small child like he’d been expecting.  Instead, she’s no younger than sixteen.
It’s hard to concentrate with Cas’s hand still on his cock, working up and down, and his voice in Dean’s ear murmuring praises that Dean can barely register right now and won’t remember later.
They’ll come back, he knows.  Soon, even.  They’ll be back to pack up more of Cas’s things, or maybe to bring Dean here and let him have the opportunity to say goodbye in his own way.  Sam knows the bunker won’t be empty forever
“No.  How do you suppose I can be helpful if you keep me in the dark?”
The reply comes back quickly, the phone buzzing in her hand.
“Dean, what happened at Missouri’s?”
sitting on a cooler next to the Impala’s open hood while Dean hunched over the engine, drinking beer and inhaling motor oil, younger than Sam can quite remember feeling.
freedom.  So for the first few weeks, Cas wears extra pieces of clothing that Sam and Dean have lying around.
Dean doesn’t argue, though Castiel gets the distinct feeling that he’s simply too tired to protest.  But he angles his head down to expose his neck in the lamplight, allowing Castiel to wipe away the dried blood from the wound.
Dean looks different, for all that he seems real enough.  Sam can’t quite put his finger on what exactly is different about him, but the Dean from his own memories and the Dean standing in front of him can’t seem to reconcile.
At long last, when they’re high enough to be able to see the entire harbor, Dean stops in front of a ramshackle house that sags on its timber frame.  Far below, the cove gleams in the sun and the surrounding mountains drop sharply into the water, effectively shielding the town from the worst of the ocean wind.  From this distance, the harbor doesn’t seem quite so busy, and even the largest of schooners look small at their moorings.
episode playing on their phone.
“That’s the right age.  Old enough to walk off on their own, young enough to not know any better.”  Dean looks sick at the thought.
Dean claps his hands, smug.  “Great, text me the name.  We’ll meet you there.”
Cas smiles at her, knowing that she’s only proposing the idea because she’s been spending a
“Ugh,
The lines of Cas’s face are like cuneiform, ancient and indecipherable, a clear message to something that no longer exists to read it.  Eyes a brilliant cornflower blue and close enough to drown in.  Dean fights every instinct he has to look away, and instead pulls Cas closer by the front of his shirt.
“Sit,” Frank says eventually, pointing to the table.  “Rather not have you wandering about.  Plenty in this house for you to get your hands on.”
The realization that the Winchesters had
A great eye, yellow and dilating and larger than any ship.
Dean blinks in shock at Cas’s tone, his mouth pressing into a thin line for half a second.  He exhales, then says, lowly, “Get in the car,” and leaves to help Sam and Eileen with the corpse disposal.
“You just say ‘bingo’!” Dean snaps, glowering.  He replies with the proper quote from the movie, but his irritation is genuine, and all he wants to do is punch Sam in the jaw.
It should make Dean feel more exposed, less secure, that the thing he’s kept buried under lock and key almost his entire life is out there, already known.  It should make him feel scared, it should make him want to run for the hills.  But it’s Cas.
The muscle under Frank’s eye spasms again.  “Monsters,” he clarifies.  “I sense monsters.”
“So how old is Dean now?” Claire asks as she finishes her third bottle.
Dean huffs, not nearly as amused.  But Cas is right; Sam already has a pretty good idea of what’s going on and nothing Dean can say will lend anything to the situation.  He doesn’t really know what he’d say to Sam anyways.  “So what now?” he asks instead.
The wound in the
He sees only flashes.
having turned south.  She’s already making good time, leaving a fading trail of white wake behind her.
Amazingly, he thinks as he walks back down the corridor, it doesn’t scare him nearly as much as he thought it would.
“...Beg pardon?”
,” Dean urges.
There must still be water in Castiel’s ears.  “An aspido— what?”
Jack is staring at him wide-eyed from the passenger seat, anger and fear and anguish rippling over his face in equal measure.
He’s almost finished when he notices the corner of a white cardboard box on the floor, poking out from underneath the front passenger seat.  He frowns and reaches down, having to strain slightly to pull it out.  Climbing back out of the car, he sets the box on top of the Impala’s trunk and breaks the little tape seal holding it shut.  When he opens it, Cas begins to sob again, feeling like a knife is running through the base of his throat.
“Why get fish when there’s perfectly good red meat available?” Dean asks.
“Bobby had it in his other hand when he cut you,” Dean says, and it strikes Castiel as odd that he refers to Mr. Singer by his Christian name.  “If you were a siren, nereid, or one of a handful of other things, your skin would’ve burned.  You’d have noticed.”
It’s quick and nothing to lose his mind over, barely a peck.  But Cas’s face lights up with surprise and delight, and something is knocked loose in Dean’s chest at the sight of it.  He feels daring, even if he did have to check to see if there was anyone watching.  After all, Dean is trying to figure out what this means for himself, too.
The hunt for the vetalas is par for the course.  The victims are all from University of Texas fraternities, and so they hone in on a sorority house outside of the UTEP campus.  They suspect the vetalas are the queen bees of the Kappa-Delta-Psi chapter, the loudest and pinkest and richest girls in the house.
Jack circles around Sam and approaches the wall of the library, a blank brick space lacking in shelves or wall decor.  The glow in his veins is now shining through his clothing, lighting up his back, flowing down to his fingertips.  He clenches his fists, raises his arms…
Dean blinks, then huffs and rolls his eyes.  “You knew already, didn’t you?”
, has never before, but maybe this Thursday that will change.
For the second time in as many days, Castiel is sure he’s about to die.
“Hey,” he says, squeezing the little girl’s hand.  “What’s your name?”
Sam makes a face.  “Ugh, god.  Never mind.”
Cas only rolls over and drapes an arm over his eyes, clearly much more interested in going back to sleep.  Dean grabs Cas’s robe from the floor, where it had been kicked off the bed at some point during the night, and slips out into the hallway to head for the bathroom.
At the orchard’s perimeter, Dean, Castiel, and Frank break off once again from the group, allowing the captain and crewmembers to make their way back to the
He’s kneeling on bones.
“Excuse me?” asks Sam tightly.
Dean pats his cutlass where it hangs from his belt.  “Copper blades,” he answers.  “The captain had them made special.”
“I love you, too.”
Castiel looks down to the ship far below them, where Bucky, Elvis, and Martin’s bodies remain wrapped in sheets on the deck close to the stern.  “Why have the funeral on land?” he asks.  It makes no sense
Life after Chuck is
Jack doesn’t wait for the Empty to keep talking and instead drags Cas away.  With one of Cas’s arms looped over his shoulders, Jack half-carries him all the way to the portal.  Cas has no idea how far they’ve gone, if it’s been seconds or minutes or even hours by the time they reach the rift, but they burst through the portal and the black rolls away into light.
“Sam and Eileen,” Cas repeats.  “Do you think they deserve what they have together?  Do you think they deserve even more?”
Dean winds his fingers into the hair on the back of Cas’s head, heavy-eyed and smiling at the ceiling.  “Hell yeah.”
Silence.
The number of books in the bunker is well into the thousands, but only a very small fraction of them are novels.  Cas finds a worn copy of
Miraculously, both Rufus and Bobby have made it down from the quarterdeck and are fighting back-to-back, the pair of them decorated in splashes of mermaid bodily fluids.
Finally, he approaches the nurses station on the third floor and speaks to a plump woman in violet scrubs.  “Hi, I’m looking for Sam Winchester and—”
Then Saturday was pool, and Dean had taken him to Donny’s bar to show him a thing or two at the billiards table.  But that had proved a bit too distracting for Dean, who kept making lewd jokes about sticks and balls and pockets until Cas had missed every shot he took and shoved Dean outside with a growl for some backseat action in the car.
“I’m not really sure if Patience’s psychic visions count as cheating on exams, but…” Jody tilts her head, chuckling.  “In any case, she’s doing well.”
Dean is stuck, spinning his wheels in nothing but mud.  He doesn’t know what he thinks.  He has no idea why he assumed last night that just seeing Cas would help to make heads or tails of what’s going through his own head.  Now that Cas is in front of him, everything makes even less sense than it did before.
Cas is touched by her concern, but vampires are not what worries him.  “I’ll be fine,” he insists.  “I say we get some sleep, and then we can head to Denver first thing.”
Behind them, the
“And I don’t want to make you feel any worse, but how do you think Dean would react if you destroyed the Impala?  Or if you destroyed yourself?  How do you think Sam and Eileen would react?”
“How was the coroner?” she asks.  She’s sitting in the Valiant, a fake Boston Globe press ID clipped to the lapel of her jacket.
Dean nods, seeming to take orders from Mr. Singer much more easily than the captain.
Time slows to a crawl, Castiel’s pulse thumping in his chest.  There’s a sound of twigs snapping underfoot, branches creaking, and something big shuffles through the woods back toward their group.
Castiel looks down at the greasy pie in his palm, then back at the angry giant stomping in his direction.  He swears loudly and runs after Dean.
Four days later, Sam and Dean walk into the Cumberland County Coroner’s Office just outside of Portland.  The article published in the Press Herald popped up almost immediately on Sam’s laptop, flagged by his numerous tracking algorithms, and they drove through the night and most of today, Dean and Castiel in the Impala while Sam and Eileen rode in the Valiant.  It’s early afternoon but Dean is exhausted, his stomach growling and his foot aching from the gas pedal.  After this, he’s dragging Sam straight to whatever’s the nearest diner.
Castiel throws himself onto his stomach and crawls on his elbows through the tunnel as fast as he possibly can.  “Frank!” he shouts once Jean-Luc is clear of the entrance.  “Frank!  Burn the den!  Burn it!”
He pours himself a steaming cup of coffee from the fresh pot, and half a second later nearly drops it on the floor when he looks up and notices Sam leaning on the doorframe.  “Fuck!”
”  Dean shoves Jean-Luc across the floor and turns to saw away at the vines keeping the little girl prisoner.
“That was
“Are you sure you want this?” Cas presses, voice probably much calmer than he’s feeling, if his expression is anything to go by.
“Mornin’,” Dean says through a yawn with his eyes still closed.
With every mermaid corpse that hits the deck, it gets easier to kill the next.  Slowly, the men begin to outnumber the monsters.
Not quite knowing what else to do, Sam leaves Eileen in the kitchen and walks down the hallway.  He’s detached from the floor beneath his feet, the back of his head prickling with exhaustion.  He’s got no idea what time it is but it must be well after midnight by now.
”  Heart pounding, chest heaving, Cas lurches to his feet and almost trips over the coffee table.
Dean doesn’t even notice Jack and Sam smiling in relief that Cas is alive, and simply pulls Cas into a hug.  When he draws back, Cas smiles at him, and Dean can barely believe how lucky they’ve just been.  Dean leans forward again and presses his forehead to Cas’s, his hand on the back of Cas’s neck.  It’s only a few inches, but it feels like the greatest distance Dean has ever crossed.
And on his knees in the middle of it all, up to his elbows in tomato plants sagging under the weight of their fruit, is Castiel.
Cas draws back for just a moment.  He swallows, his chest shuddering almost imperceptibly.  “Are you—?”
Feliciana clings to Castiel like a monkey, crying into his shirt.  “
and her nose dips down and nearly hits the pavement as she bounces.
Castiel squints up the street, where it steepens toward the hills and mountains beyond the town, and asks where they’re going.
It’s quiet as they burn.  Smoke billows up, carrying away whatever’s left of the dead into the atmosphere.  Nobody speaks.
His hands scrabble at Cas’s back, until Cas takes both Dean’s wrists in one hand and pins them back over his head.  His other hand reaches down and winds underneath Dean’s leg, behind the knee, and folds it up toward Dean’s chest, easily as an afterthought, and with a strong arm he keeps it there.
With some help from Missouri to translate, Feliciana directs them to her home next — they have to walk for another half an hour, but the route through the labyrinth of town brings them closer to the harbor.  The streets are cobblestone in parts, quiet and empty now in the night and lit by the occasional oil lamp in a window.  Only the taverns are still lively and bright at this hour; the rest of the town has gone to sleep.
Castiel isn’t sure what Frank expects him to say to that, so he shrugs and says nothing.  He’s not all that inclined to justify himself to a man who’s threatened him mere minutes before.
Cas sees straight through him, and —
“Well, I’m gonna do everything I can to get to the bottom of this case,” Paradis promises.  “I swear.”
Officer Paradis leads them past the desk, through the office floor and to a small, dimly lit room at the back of the station.  The five of them crowd inside to find a wide desk that barely fits, stacked with multiple screens.  Paradis sinks into one of the two rolling chairs while Eileen takes the other.
Jack doesn’t come home after that, but he brings the entire world back to life before he goes.  After nearly a week on an empty planet, the mere existence of people is deafening.  Dean is heartbroken to see Jack leave, but for the first time he’s not afraid to let Jack out of his sight.  Jack will be okay.  So will the Winchesters.
