"We need to call Ms. Potts." Natasha told them both, "She's the head of Stark Industries and the last person who knows how to deal with Tony." Steve furrowed his eyebrows.
The dome was splitting open, the metal was thick and Steve was able to reach his fingers inside and start pulling the sides of the dome open. He did register something grabbing his arms, something sticky, but it wasn't stopping him. He continued to pull and pull and suddenly he could see the darkness inside, he strained to pull it more open, it was then he finally could hear above the blood rushing passed his ears.
He could feel something down his throat and it felt invasive while familiar; an unusual feeling in all honesty....like Tony was suddenly becoming aware of his own hand....his body was used to it, but his mind wasn't.
"Can he hear us?" She asked softly. Ms. Potts nodded. The Avengers in the room instantly stiffed up. Ms. Potts stood up from her leaning.
Thanks for reading!
.....
But that was the last straw. Steve wasn't going to wait for answers, when he could just, look. Steve pulled back his hand, and paused for a moment as his hand made a fist. He just...was so frustrated of being in the dark. So he did the one thing he was good at, he punched.
"That man right there, that man is going to get us into the secret archives." Natasha let go of Steve all together and walking up, to where? Steve wasn't watching still watching Clint in disbelief, their messiest teammate, and that was including Thor and Bruce TOGETHER. Clint always had everyone beat in that department, and honestly Steve had seen him pull out half a taco from his pants, and eat it...that still haunted him to this day.
He had talked to Strange and then...then...he was...he...he was in...he had Strange merge the universes...he...this was the other universe that had merged with his.
"Tony?" Ms. Potts asked softly as there was a whirring sound from inside Tony.
"I don't know." Pepper's eyes widened and even Steve and Natasha looked concerned.
15% Wait....wait...this was wr01101111 01101110 01100111 What!? Was downloa01100100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00001101 00001010
But the real question was it worth at the cost of his friends' happiness? Of Peter's? Of Rhodey's mobility? Of Steve's happiness?
But losing a child, one so young and full of so much potential, Steve couldn't even....It made him a bit sick sometimes to think about. He had been a sickly child...
Tony's eyes were filtering and statically shifting....Tony felt like his head was splitting open...he hurt...he hurt so much...where...where was Aunt Peggy? Didn't she promise? Didn't he escape? He remembered feeling the blood, he remembered unplugging...and..watching himself leave?
"If you use the magic word." Tony really wanted a hologram now, so Natasha could see how smug he was. Natasha looked utterly furious, Steve looked over at Natasha.
and Aunt Peggy and Jarvis had promised they were going to come get him, they promised, they promised they wouldn't let
Sam looked down the elevator shaft as well with a small humph and a nod.
"Bruce. We. Are. Fine." Natasha punctuated, narrowing her eyes in a way the demanded authority. Bruce's only response was to collapse back on his armchair and close his eyes, the green not fading completely away. Poor guy, and fuck....Tony, he...he had hurt Tony.
"Yes, Mr. Tony." Peter finally responded back wiping his nose with the back of his hand, and that was unsanitary but oh well. Honestly that yes was clearly a lie, but Tony wasn't one to judge and especially when it came to lying about his emotions to himself, Tony wish he could reach out and hug this kid he loved like a son, but would never admit, Peter never deserved to be stained by the Stark name.
The worst part was a law had been deleted. Law number three, Do not act human.
- no...don't say that. Flashes of a car crash Bu- the Winter Soldier- The shield- no.
Natasha was already dashing away the teen boy in her arms and then behind her in a protective stance.
So sorry for how long this took. But it's done!
No...Tony knew that face, that determined face and how dangerous it could be. Steve was thinking.
But I am you, if you've seen them I should be allowed to see the-
I'm so sorry for how long this took me, I had a lot going on, I had a falling out with a very close friend, a wild time at work, and when I finally was getting a handle on my life things flipped over on it'self and I had a a suicide with an old friend, and it was really rough on me. I also had a hard time writing this becuase of these reasons, so I am so sorry if this chapter isn't the best, it is more of a filler chapter before we get to more serious notes, but we finally have another memory.
"He seemed to shut down when they tug out the wires? Maybe putting them back in will work?" Steve asked softly.
This.
̷#̴i̷n̸c̶l̶u̷d̶e̸ ̷≮l̴i̵n̸u̷x̷/̴s̶u̶s̶p̶e̷n̶d̸.̴h̶>̷
_Transfer Complete....
It was then when everything went dark. And all of his connection to himself was lost, this...had only happened once before.
Okay, they had a game plan.
"I assure you Captain everything will be okay." Tony offered feeling the final wires in place. Time to test it out. Flickering back to his coding to check over it all, yes everything was in place. He then flickered to the main camera of the Lab. He started to move- WHOA! One of the rumbas flew far off to the side, okay, so...it wasn't perfect just yet...he just needed to get used to it. Like when he was trying out the Iron Man suit.
And Howard asked so sweetly for Tony to create such a battery, to be 'small enough to sit on someone's chest' he said...that was the second warning.
So...was he safe from that...he thinks.
what....
"Come on kid, I can't see you right now, come on, look at me." Tony tried to comfort, he wasn't good at this kind of stuff, He wasn't really good at the whole hugging and emotions, but Peter needed him, and Tony wasn't going to leave him alone to his own head. Tony couldn't hear any response in return but he did finally see his vision tilt back up towards Peter's raw face, it looked like he had scrubbed his face red, and realistically he probably had.
"What? No....I'm Peter."
"Not that I have been made aware of." Tony offered, and Steve sighed and leaned back so he could fall back on his bed. "Is everything okay, Cap- Steve?" Tony asked softly, Steve looked almost sickly with sweaty sheen over his skin. He slowly started to bring the temperature down a touch, try and make Steve feel not as over heated.
"I find I'm still discovering for myself." That was the truth...he didn't know, he didn't know who he was anymore. Pepper looked back at Natasha and Steve, she seemed to falter before she turned back towards Tony.
Tony looked back at Clint, shake the bed the coding had said, flicker the lights, that was his job.
Tony didn't have time! He didn't have TIME! He
Dead silent.
- - - -
"Okay..." Natasha brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, "one was Do not act human."
MENTIONS OF DEATH AHEAD!
"Yeah, It's a bit tight for my wings, but I could do it." Sam letting his wings half open and Steve watched as his jet pack kicked on and Sam gracefully started to hover, grabbing Natasha's hand as they disappeared into the darkness. Bruce looked sick, right....he didn't like tight spaces.
"But...the Dome is hiding a....cellar opening?" Bruce spoke easily.
Tony didn't have enough energy to respond to Steve's nod, but Steve suddenly curling around him and hugging him to his thick chest was more than enough for stability.
Tony watched as Howard threw a wrench across the room, and grumbling.
"Whoa! Let's not act too brash here! There's no need to turn me off." Clint and Natasha looked even more alert, and that's when Bucky started shivering. Damn, the shock, Tony started to raise up the temperature for him.
"Clint can you please stop shouting." Natasha reprimanded. Tony quickly brought the lights back to the strength they were meant to be at.
I wasn't done- INSTEAD! How about you help me with a little scavenger hunt.
"I can not say." The growl that came out of Obadiah's throat was stridulous. He sounded like an angry animal. He watched as Obadiah slammed his fists into the round dome, and the peals of sound as his fists hit the metal would have made Tony flinch if he could. The roombas were moving around the room, looking as if they were going to try and pull Obadiah away from his body.
Steve was panting looking horrified with himself. But Natasha could see inside the dome, there was an opening from where Steve had torn the machine open. The silence was deafening.
"Yes." Tony utter in confusion, what had Steve suddenly so invigorated.
"Tony? We need to talk."
"What?" Steve asked.
Tony....that...that was his name....
"What? What is it? What did you find?" Steve asked as he sat down leaning over to see the screen as well.
"Yes, Sit down, this will take a while to explain, and I don't have the patience to repeat myself." Steve swallowed and slowly sat himself down on the couch, the other Avengers following suit, except for Bruce who was already going back to that dangerous shade of green. And Clint....where was-
And dark...
He...he did something bad?
Maybe that was something to be proud of...Howard never was a good man.
"Becusse I know how to fix your security system."
They had promised, but....they had l̶̪̟̐̾͜͝i̷̛͍͑̐͌̂͝e̵͓̞͇̯̪̘͂͋͋̄̏̂̆͘d̶̛͉̯͇͖̭͓̄̑̓͜ͅ.
But seeing Bucky have a simple comfort as he sat up on the couch and Natasha and Clint wrapped around him to watch cartoons, while he drank his hot chocolate. It was nice. He wasn't has high strung or shaken yesterday. He was simply...there, he looked relaxed, tired, but relaxed. From records he could tell that Sam would probably climb out of his pristine room and join the cuddle pile. The blankets were purposely picked to be warm and fluffy, and it was then Tony realized that there was those small roomba robots on all floors, like small hands for him to make sure everything was okay.
Well encrypted or not, he had half an AI machine in his head and the other half him, so it was safe to say he was going to be able to crack it. If AI him would just give the videos to him. So he was at a standstill, how to get those videos, he'd have to find a way to bend the law. It was almost a catch 22, especially if AI him wasn't going to let him change anything in his coding. This was going to be tricky. But...if it wasn't him?
.....
What was going on, what was happening in this universe. Tony's eyesight was suddenly filled with a normal window of the google search engine, this would have to do.
He wanted it to stop, He wanted it to stop,
This...was horrifying. Tony decided to skip ahead scrolling past a big bulk of the updates on Howard. Skipping 6 years forward to 1984
"Did...did" Ms. Potts seemed to try and catch her breath, "he just...explode? Overheat?" Ms. Potts asked as Steve loosened his grip. He didn't know, he didn't know anything about machines, and Tony sounded....wrong...scared...that wasn't the sound of a machine. That was the sound of a person terrified.
"Why do you think he killed his son? Not the real reason, but speculation?" Tony wondered if he could say, say what he knew as long as he implied it was hypothetical? Maybe if he impli-
"I can not say."
Bruce sucked in a breath and pressed his thumb into his bottom lip, and finally pipped up. "So...memories seem to revolve around this Brunette man? You-" Bruce pointed at Natasha, "were undercover to do something with this dying man....Then he stopped the nuke of New York?" Sam nodded at that with a confused look,
Natasha gently sat Peter down at the edge of the bottom bed and whispered something in his ear, but the boy didn't react at all, and Natasha slowly got back up and walked back over to the Tower's side, and with a swish of the Doctor's hand the portal vanished and Steve took a deep breath.
But Answers were more important, which meant Tony needed to figure out where Howard hid all of his secrets. That secret lab, that was where he needed to start, the one Howard first built him in. That was his lead.
Right so we were just jumping the gun, okay...not like they were in a public area, anything sure, announce the fact you're an avenger to the whole street, what could go wrong, (Note: talk to Peter about discretion....this kid was going to get himself killed one day.)
The voice that echoed in Tony's mind wasnt ths staticy robotic voice he was used to hearing from the AI but actually his own... and he could...he could see.
"Maybe?" Natasha asked, oh she crossed her arms, She was threatening him? A machine?! Oh boy!
"That's impossible, Tony can't get hacked, he has protocols in place, the minute someone tries to get inside he shuts himself down" Ms. Potts explained. Natasha glanced back at Steve and Clint. Steve stepped forward.
NO! You will delete everything again!
Tony didn't have time though, but suddenly his head hurt and he fell backwards when something tugged at the back of his head. He was getting snapped back to the chair, the chair that held him captive. Something was restraining him, beyond the steel that had hissed open. Tony's stomach fell at the thought, and he brought his hands up behind his head,- when had his hands gotten so shaky?
It was nice to not hear the AI him asking him to leave.
and it would explode and he would have not hope of feeling okay again. It was always the aftermath that was the worst, that left over-
And the other half of his vision was blurry and messy and goodness couldn't the kid
"br..g...m....sedative..."
He raised his arms up and he looked so
"No! Of course not Mr. Tony! Just Ned! And trust me! He's better at computers than me!" Peter's eyes brightened up and sparkled in a way that just made Tony's heart just melt. But this...this was a lot to ask for from a ki- and that wasn't an excuse at all...Tony was already asking Peter to help him, and....Okay fine, Fine! He'd have this Ned kid help him out.
The second time he woke up, it was much more peaceful. His hand was warm and his eyes were heavy but not as heavy as they had been; and for once....Tony was clear of mind when he was being slammed into reality. By the time his eyesight finally cleared up he was able to see the muscular blonde next to his bed. With an extreme effort Tony was able to turn his head to see thick hands grasping onto his own now frail ones. The knuckles were swollen and bandaged and Tony would know those hands anywhere...Steve.
Tony could feel tugging on his hair. something pulling at his skin, why couldn't he open his eyes? Hadn't he hid? Didn't Jarvis
Hey everyone! We are so so close to being done, and this is a big one! Big reveals today! Thank you everyone for commenting and supporting me through everything, this has been such a fun adventure and thank you for reading this story!
wait....
Like a moth being drawn by the light, Steve slowly meandered over to the latch, having to see it for himself...the hope...the hope that he didn't...he didn't...
"Oh! Whoa! Cooool! Hi, Mr. Tony I'm N-"
1_Do not talk about your creation._
Tony was laying on the floor, when...when had he gotten here?
He was pinned, the straps dug into his skin, as Howard pressed further. further. further.
He flickered back to Bruce. Who was now awake but rubbing his eyes behind his glasses.
But why lie? What was the purpose. Not knowing was frustrating. Steve wasn't really the mental guy, he was good at planning, but he was the kind of guy that needed his hands on the issue. Sitting around and waiting wasn't his style. He was impatient, but now wasn't the time to really get involved, he needed Natasha on this, she was clever enough to piece together all of this mess. But she had been focused on making sure all the other Avengers were feeling better, although she would never admit it.
this.
And enough with that thought process, He flickered back to the main lobby, there was Sam whispering softly to Bucky but was sitting far enough away to not touch Bucky. Tony kicked up the heat, it had been quite a while and Bucky was still struggling with his shock. Damn, Tony hoped that he wasn't the one that had caused this, he had tried to be gentle with his arm.
"Damn Traitor! Calling himself a connoisseur, he can't tell the difference between a revolutionary idea in science, and any other damn piss poor suggestion any dumb ass makes." Sir was mad....and Tony could feel it...in his bones and brain.
Tony looked up at Sir, and he was smiling...he was going to die...
..oh....
"I've always been self aware Pepper, It's just the first time I think I'm willing to admit it."
"That Howard Stark is responsible for the death of the late Tony Stark."
Steve shook his head clear, and the strange vignetting at his peripheral vision seemed to get stronger.
"How did I survive? We were on lock down...how did I get to this hospital." Tony manged to whisper out, he could hear Steve shift uncomfortably.
Tony's vision was disappearing slipping away from the white and into the darkness.
But his vision was fading, static entering his voice, vision, and veins. Like a disease, spreading through him, like a glitch that was ripping through his body, and burning his mind.
" Bruce...Bruce was begging.
current.update();
And suddenly....it was dark.
"On a mission for the Avengers." Pepper nodded at that but both Steve and Natasha looked confused, right...they hadn't seen the blue prints, Tony only remembered because it was from his universe.
Just like Howard had stained him.
01000101 01010010 01010010 01001111 01010010
Okay, right, Tony's eyesight flickered and suddenly he was looking at the Avengers flying. Tony watched as numbers filtered through his eyesight: 55.7558° N, 37.6173° E. He quickly placed it on the directions for the Quinjet. Okay well he was not needed for the rest of this, flickering back to his coding, Tony started to delete out, he did not need this coding hindering him. Only using the names given to him, DELETE. Not having the ability to ignore errors, DELETE. Tony was getting control. He could feel the Rumbas whirl into life around him scrambling to complete his commands. He looked at the next coding, Talking about his creation, DE- Tony couldn't do it...something was stopping him...himself? He could distinctly feel that frozen fear that came when he remembered water, when he remembered Obadiah taking his arc reactor. He couldn't...he couldn't delete this code, it..it was important...really important he couldn't do it.
Initializing Camera....
"Look Tony has been looking out for me ever since I entered this company, back when Stane was CEO. In fact it was Tony that had caught Stane, and when Stane had tried to kill all who knew the truth of his...weapons trafficking, Tony told me where he was so I could avoid him, and had alerted the police." She offered softly.
....oh.....
Sorry this took longer, I just got back into school, so chapters would take a while to write, but here it is, and thank you again for everyone who commented, reading theories always makes me interested and seeing people try and figure it out is fun! As well as it boosts my confidence to write more!
"Of course...Steve, can I help you with anything?" He asked cautiously, he had other things to be doing. Like searching the archives, as much as he wanted to help Steve through this weird moment, it was a little....badly timed.
I don't have DNA, I have code, I am not a person I am a machine.
Sorry everyone for getting preachy, and thank you again for all reading this to the end.
A problem...as if everything else with this situation was just fine and dandy.
"Steve there's nothing here."
It's fine, Here I won't think about your power source anymore even though it is quite clearly something I should-
0̸̢̡̧̢̢̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̝͙̫͎̹̞͔̦̜͚̰̺̪͓̖̺̲̠͉̮̟̩͓̤̠̬̩̗̯͕͔͎̼̣̫̻͎̻̫͉̰͉̙̫̪̖͖̬̝͚̝̳̠̣͈̼̮͚͚̳͖̹̦͙̞̭̟͓̰͚̣̪̘͕̗͓̯̲͇̩̹̹͋͒̊̇̃͋̅͐̊͐̐̄̅̽͂͋̏̋̌̽̓̓̆̌͋͛̄̋͋̒̐̓̎̓͐̎̈̓͋͗͋̆̔̈́̌̾͆̉͊͐͐͋̐͐̓͑̽̏̃͛͆͌̋̄̽͒͆̄̓̍̈́̾̌̿̓̂̇͑̿͐̊̎̆͂̄̿͒̈́͛͑̅̆̀̍̀͋̓̎̈̓̈́͒̾̋̏̓̂̓̋̈́̊̉͊͛̽͌͂̋͐̔͋͒̾́̉͋̉̈͛̇̋͑͘̕͘̚̚͘͘͘͜͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅ1̷̡̢̢̨̨̨̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̺̣̼͔̪̮͉̗̮̫͈̻̭̖̱̜̖͙̬̪͕̳͉̤͈͔͉̙̱̼͓̗̱̩̝̞͇̘̦͔̭̜̜̮͍̺̯̼̳͔͕̹̭̘͎̟͎̲̫̹̠̳̭̳͇̤̜̦͎͖͍̺̙̳̰̰̲̜̼͍̙͓͔̗͚̘̙͈̗͚̤͈̘̖̹̰͍͇͕̼̖̘̠̜̰̪̠̥̘̹͓̝̼̥͓̤͍̞̥̓̾͑͑̐̊̆̃̾̌͌̄̓̀̈́̽̊̅͋̽͗̑͐̈́̉̋̃̊̓̐̃͆̔͂̈̆̋͒̔̆̅́͂̈͐̒̈́͂͐͑̋̉͐̓͋͒͋͐̈̂̄͗̽͋̐̏͂͛̒̈́̽̋̂̎̈́̏͌͛͆̾̈́͌͑̏̈́̅̿́͒͒͂͂̾͒̎̈́̈́̾̓̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅ0̴̨̢̧̧̨̧̧̡̧̨̡̡̨̨̧̢̧̨̨̧̧̨̢̢̪͇̣͈̳̭̯͓͖͎͎̻̦̰͍̩̞̝̼̖̲̗͙̮̭͚͍͓̖̝̤̫̳̖̖̭̟͔̺͉̻̯̖̖͓͍̝̬̯̹̟͇̜̳̱̙̤̼͖̰͈̱͈̘̮̼͍̯͓̗̮̠̗͕̱͉̟̻͇͖͎͓̯̼͈̙̱̥̦̠̤̳͈̗͉̤̰̙̬̮̫̦̤̻̙̣͙̺̜̭̦̜͍̯͓̮̜̭̥̮̠̼̬̖͕͓͎̻̙̬͕̩̬̗̝͙͎̬̝̯͎͈̣̱̬̲̦͓̺̱̺̤̺͉̥̺͓̼͉̼̬͙̳͙̠̳̹̱̼̠̳̺͚̗̙̝̞̠̭̹͓̠͍̹̝͉̙͔̩̟͎̯̯̖͕̗̥͍͉̞̜̠͇͎̮̝̭̻̘̟̈́̿̊̅̅́̎̈́̍̇͒̿̃̅̑̃́̍̐̾̿͒̌̈́͒̓̓̈̅͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̶̡̛̛̛̘̤͚̩͙͔̥͈̱͍̰͎̯̭̟̫͍͖͖̙͈͔̮̪̫̭̼̬̹̳͎̲̬̱̬͇̬̙̰̺̙̳͎̳̂͗̒̄͋͊͋̈̈́̆̉̏̋̌̌̈̈̒͐͐͗̈́̅̏̿̾̈́͋̈́̽̑̿͒̊̓̀͋̓̉̒̐̐͐̇̈́̋̈́̑̏̏͛̒̉͊̽̃́̽̾̀̆́̐͗̋̇̃͒͂͆̿̈̽̑̒́̎̔̎̇̌̊͗̐̽̊̔͌̌̀̅̌̍̈́̇̀̿͆͒̓̂̿̂̽̈́̇̊̏̈́̃͂̃͌͊̈́͆̓̈̆̎̀͛̍͛͊̽̓͊̋̊̕̚̚̕̚͘̚͜͜͠͠͝͠ͅͅ0̸̨̨̧̨̢̢̨̨̛̛̛̝̠̭̱͇̙͇̬͙̰̥̜̙̗͚͚̫̤͇͚͔̻̬͍̯̩̖̯̝̝̱̯̫̮̥̳̱̫̼̬̪̘̥͉͔͖̳̥̬̳͚̹̟͕̩͚̝̜̱̲̬̮̦̦̙̣̟̥̖̺̟̳̞͉̥̞̣̼̳̄͆͊̈̾̿͑̂̎͗̊̑̇̾͑̀͆̾̓͑̌̂͗̉͛̈́͆̌̆̉͋̍̇͗͛̔̒̽̂̒̽̐̒̃̀̾̈́͒͗̌̈̀̅̃̌̓̊̓̾̎̉͗͗̆͂͑̅̐̂̆̎͂̃̑̀͗̈̔̇̓̈́̃̓͋̒͒̑̀̉́̊͒̃̃̓̏̾́̑̇̆͌̌͑̓̿̒̐͑̀͒͋̑̐̓̑̈́̈́̅̒̈̈́͒͊̽̀͊̀͐̓̓̾͊̾̈̆͊͐̔̄͑̔̃̏̓̎͐̆͆̽̉̐̏̌̾́̔͑̅̔̅́̋̒̎̊͗̓̋͗̍͌̊͐̒̎̎́͗̿͛͒͊̓̏̋̆̽͊̈́̏͛͂́̈́̉͋̔̀͒͌̓͆͛̓̽̃͋̾͐͗͐̏̌̎̆̆͊̾̾̓́̀͘͘̕͘̚͘͘͘̚̚͘̕͘̕̚̕͘͘͘͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅ1̶̡̡̡̧̢̧̧̨̡̢̡̢̨̡̡̨̧̧̧̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̟̰̜̲͓͕̞̟̠̩̞̯̘̘͖̣̗̳̲͇̠̜̘̝̙̼̘̦̞͖͔̭͎̩͇͍̱̥̱̪̩̤̼̰͇͎̲̜͕̹͙̩͈̣̰̭͔̟̼̻̺̼͓͈̹̞̤͙̟̝͈̙̳͉̖͙̪̹͍̙͓̬͉͎͚̜̮̘̠̮̩͇̮̯̺̣̞̪̱̦͎̺̪̻̥͖͖͇̪͉̬̠̪̘̘̗͖̘̞̯̦͚̭͈̰̙̩͉̻͉̬̗̤͕͉͙̭͇͓̹̱͍̯̮͍̪̤͙̗̲͈͈̼̻̫̭̻̯̼̜̬̜͍̰̝̝̯͖̬̑͌̾̽͆̒̂̊̀͑́͊͒͊͆̈́̒͒̈͋͋̅͆͒͗́̌̓̌͋̾͆̐̆̃̌͆͋͛́̈́̐͛̔̄̄̈́̀͒̽̄̓͒̒̉̃̎̂̈́̌͗̉͌̋̊̉̆̏̓̋̍̒̈́̽̃͆̿̐͑̊͌̄̊̃̓̾͑̌̄̈́͋͒͛̒̃͂̇̾͋͊̎̎͋̌̅̀̒͆͒̓̄̓̈́̏̐̍̉͆̈̈́͌̊̿̓͊͋̄̄͌̍͒́̑̈́̓̀̇̾̏̓̍͆̓͗̅̓͗͂̌̋͘̕̕͘̚͘̕̕̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅ0̴̡̢̧̧̡̡̢̡̛̛̻̭̼͖͍͉̞͙̺̦͕̠̱̳̥̝͓̻̱͚͍͕̬̝̳̰̞̘̘͇̥̰̯͕̊̏̏̈͋͋̐̇̾̽̏̀̈́̋̌́̾̊̈́͌͂̃̅͗̽̿̌̈́͒̏͂̑̏͆̑̏͛̆̊̔̓͗̓̃̈́̾̈͗̀̇̓͆͑͌̊̄̕͘̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͝1̴̨̧̢̨̡̡̨̡̡̢̡̢̧̢̛̛̛̱̜̝͉͕̣̪̳̪̰͇̳̺͓͇̰͍̤̮̳̯̫͉̩̪̮̠̲̭̪̞͔̠̹̟̺͎͔̰͈̣͖͍̪͈̖̞̬͎̻̜̖͈͙̦͇͚͉͙̪͉͖͕͉͔͚̼̳̫̭̫͕̫̜̰̻͖̯̘̲͙̘̻̗͍̮͇̮̱̲͚̳̱̩̗̙͍͔͕̪̭̘͈̼̦̝͈͔̩̜͔̯͙̻̫͉̟̬̳̖͕̻̮̻͍̩͕͖̮̥͔͕̜̳͖͚̜̳̝̠͍̟͔̙̲̝̜͈͔̖̣̺͕͖͕̤̯̙͚̞͓̙͓̳̼̩̆͒̌̋͆͛͋̀̉͛̉́͌̄͌̈́̿͌̅̉̂̽̐̍̓͂̎̑͂͆̕͘͘̚͘̕͜͝ͅͅͅ ̴̢̢̨̧̨̧̧̧̨̧̡̛̦̠͇̥̤̳̳͕̯̱̰̜̘̯͖̱̻̥̦̺͚͈̺̰̪̪̟̟̲̠̥̖̣̹̲̭̟̝̤̻͈̩̟̖̩̫̭̫̼͈̬̹̯̹̩̠̘̫̲͉̙̱̻̼̠̦̲̩̰̳͚̹̲̰̼̙̤͕̰͓̼̺̹̪̭̜̥̪͓̲̻͎̙͓̬̝̻̹̩̦̗͖͔̬͙̰̊̃̇͂̓̓̿͗̓͊̍̔̎̒́̐̿͂̔̃̋̆͂̽̈͋͛̀̔͋̈̄̾̉͆̾̄̄͆͊͂͗̍͌͒͂̔̏̆̑̐̃̄̕͘̚̕̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅ0̷̧̧̨̨̧̡̨̧̢̢̢̢̨̛̛͍̱̳̦͖͉̖͙̮̗̗̳̹̬̬̳̟̳̳̮͍̱͔̬̩͍̳̰̲̹͙̱̤̱̱̞͚̣͈̦̝͍̫̮̣̗͈̮̺̺̬̯̠̦̖̘̪̥̤̖͓̠̮̱̠̹͍̤͍͓̰̳͓͔̦͔͔͓͖̬̭̪̭̖͚̱̻̟̺̱̘͚͕̬͇̻͔̠̹̻̘̥̙̯̝̣͕̩̗͚̼̪̬͈̞͙͕̺̩̟̲͓͎̞̲͚̬̩̭̲̘̥̟̻̤̹̞̬̜̪̤̙̯̝̬̮̹̟͕͎̲̥̱̬̻̮͓̜̹̣͔̙̞̜̩͖̝͓̳̰̯̺̜͇̫̣̝̠̠̭̝̥͒̄́̎͋́̔̈́̄̃̾͆͋͑̋̐̏́͊̈́͌̌̋̀̎͆̉̈́̑͊̏͋̍͛͋͒̋̆̅̋̃̋́̔̄̎̃͘̕̕̕͜͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ1̵̨̢̧̡̧̨̧̢̨̢̡̡̢̡̨̛̛̛̱̺̫͎̞̣̫̻̰̤͚͇̹͉͙̮̮̘̹̝̺̥̣͚͓̮͇̫̰̥̯̘̝̩͍̫̙̗̥̻̦͚̟̲̻͚̯͚̰̦̹̮̻͇͖͉̙̺̙̝̺͍͚̗͉̰͉̭̯͓̯͉͕͙̰̦͚͈̮͕͎̥͚͚̼̰̯̱͇̯͚̼͉̼͈̻̪̳̼̪̼͚̰̰̯̭͎̥̥̝͖̙̙̞̤̤̬̥̥̙̹̫̥͉̯̭̙͕͖̙̦͚̯̗̪̮͚̤̘͇͖̱͕̰̣̖̠̗̠͔͎͈̓̀̇̏̆̆̅̿̍̃̈́͐̔̌̉̈́̄̀̂̆̈́̋̀͗̓̅͋̌̆̿̿͗̀͋̐̍̍͌̂̍̅̆͗̋͊̈́̽̿̃̓̈̆́͌̀͆̄͗̈̈́̑́̉̊̆͆̐̈͛̌͌̆̀̃̅͐̏̋͛́̅͐͛̈́͛̿̋̇̎̏̽̿͒̔̒̔̐̾̊̍̓̉̄̇̐̄̄̌͒̆͊̊̋͂̌͐͊̄͊͒̌̒̊́̀̑̾̔̎̋͌͑͌̒͆̐͐͌̆͊̐̔̓̀͗͌̂̈͑͂̓́̓͗͒̈́͑̋̓̋͆̄͂̎͗̀̍̃̽̌̅͘̚̕̚̚̚͘͘͘̚͘͘̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ0̷̨̧̢̨̨̡̢̢̢̨̧̨̧̢̢̡̨̧̧̡̨̨̢̛̛̛͈͎̰̟̝̟̟̬̟̩̱͙͓̲͙̮͈͈̞̱̥̜̟̟͖͇̮̭̠͍̼̬̮̫͇͔̙̯̗̤̼̬̟͕̞̬̱̼̭͎͓͕͓̞̠̙̝͍̟̭̻̫̮̺̩̺̬̠͇̙̺̞̘͉̦̪̹͍̭͚̯̣̰̬̯̭̝̗͓̰̠͉̖͖̳̲͍̣̬̜͕̯͔̥͖̭̩̥̬̪͙̖̠̙͖͍̞͕̖̙̣̘̠͓̞͎̭̥̮͕̹͉̫̙̫̼̥͕̝͖͚̫̠̠̳͇̰̻̟͙̣̻̭͚̰̤̹͎̦̪̤̮͖̙̗̤͚̗̗̦͍̮̠̠͍͍͓̹̟̦̇̐̓́͒̈́̇̈̽̾̐͂̈́͋̅͛̂̓̍̓̃̎̄̒̍̉̆̏̍͋̊̈̌̒̊͌̊̉̉̿̅̊̆̑̐͌̌͛̓̈̒̊͂̑̑̅̔̂̐̅͑̿́̇͛̒͛̾̆̇̃̿̈͛͋̈̋̋̉̑̓̒̋̈̍͋̓̋̆͗͒̐̈͌̈́̇́͒̈̆̉́́͌̄̍̒̋͒̍̌̽̆̈́͋͒̆́͐̓̄͋́͊͗͛̈́̂͒̊̇̅̾̌̑̉̎̇̊̒͑͒̑̑̊̈́͆̒͒̽̾̀͐̏̆̐̇̍̔̉̉͋̃̔̌̓͒̓͗͐͊͆̈́̃͐̅̇͗̂̓̓̓͌̓͑͑͐̏̀̇͛̈́͌̎͛̈͂̈̈́͋͛͗̾͘̚͘͘̚̚͘̕̚̕͘̚̕͘̚̚͘̕̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅ1̷̡̡̨̧̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͉̪̞̬̱̜̻̬̪̫̘̦͈̺̰̼̻̟̪̫͖̦̥̞͍͖̻̤͍͙̮̤͍̲̣̘̜͙̬͚̤̗̪͉̺̟͙͎̭̮̖̪͕̤͖̦͉͚̝̠̣̼̰̰̠̮͉͈͇̮͉̰̳̘̫̲̯͙̲̣͋̈̄̆̂̌̌̋̔̐̓͋̇̽̔́̓͆͆̓̏͂̇̽͂̈́̉̄̔̏͐̿͛͋̂̇̑̒̐̋̉̏̇͋͐͐͂̌̋̑͛͒̽̈́̽̇̃̈́̏͐̈́͌͊̋̎͑̎̓̆̃̓̀̽̏̎̐̈́͆̂̾̓́̋͗̎̀̆͑̌͒͒̈́̾̍̆̀̈́̌̓͌̓̓̽̏̌̓̅̂̃̆̀̾̽͐̀̇̄̆͆̄̌͋̒̿͒́̾̈̈́̈́͋͒͗̓̔͋͊̿̂́͒̆̽̚͘̚̚̚̚̕̕̚̕̚̕̕͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅ0̴̡̧̨̧̢̢̧̨̡̛̛̮̪͓͈̭̤̮͇͍̮̰̟̯̭͕̺͈̮̬̻͓̥̙͓̬͎̥̺̬̫̤̭̝̠͉̱̺̝̮͙̲̹̫͙̙̙͈̣̳̞̭̹̫̞͎͇̜̝̩̣̥̭͔̙̱͖̰̲̼͔̺͚̲̦̖̬̫͔̙̞̳̖̖̻̣̫̹͖͉̺̮̩͚̘͔͙͒̔͆̔̌̔̄͛̉̄̀̌̽̊̎̊̊̆̓͋̋͌̓̂́̈͑̅̈́̽̊͋̈́̎͋̀͆̒̎̓̀͆͊̐̏̇̊͌͑̒̔̽̊̓̈́͛͂͂̕̕͘̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ0̴̢̨̧̢̡̡̧̧̢̨̧̧̧̨̢̡̡̧̨̨̡̛̛͍͚̮̼̻̬̬̞̩̙̼̩͉̲͉̲̮̮̗̮̮̱̙̼̭̺̹͉̟̫͉̯̫̰͓̲̟͎̫̖̥̮̜̟̻̥̯͖̦̺̳͇͉̙͓͇̻̗͈̟̹̯̘͇͇̦̣͓̠̘͓̬̤̳̹͉̻̩̜̫̤̯̭̮̪̳͖͔̞͍͎̗̯͇͓̬̺͈̻̹̝̲̯͓̼̮̮̱̫͈͖̥̥̺̙̲̗̼͙̲͉͈͕̣̺̦̝͕̣̙̬̬͕̥̬̰͍̯̤̩̣̘̟̟̰̝͎͈̤̟̬͕͖̹̻̮̖̺̦̬͙͓̩͇̦̱̗̳͕̯̗̙̦̤̼̺̦͚̦̗͕̙̖̝̣̳̝̜̪̺̣͍̼͖̯̥͍̱̜͔̥̥͎̻̱͓̹̠̠͇͎̬͕̲͎͚͎͍̱̙̱̞̣̬̳͖̫͉̤̲̮͙͖͓̱̟̩̟̯̣͔̤͎͔̦̓̍̈̄́̌̄̏͗̔̅̆̎̄͊͗̈́̄͆̂̏́̀̓̀̎̌͐̈́͋͗̒́̈́̈́͐́̈́̽̽̉̀̉͛̃̀͊̂̃̓̾͗̏̅̍̆̿̊͌̃͐̽̎̈͂̿͛͊̄̒̑̋̉̊̄̌͒͗͂̈́̐̔̾̾̈́̋̇͋̉̂͑̈́́̓̇̂̇͂͒̈́̃͂͒̓̃̎̓̔̈́͘̚̕͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ1̴̨̡̨̧̢̨̡̨̨̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̙̹̲͙̜̙͈̝̻͚͈͈̠͎̹͙͎͙̲̫̪̩̱̥̘̪̖̺͇͓̻̩͓̘͓̹̙̝͙̫̣͇̲̣͕̗̞͓̤̩̪͇͔͓͕͙̟̝̰͍͈̹̠̹̮͚̮̞̹̖̫̼̜̣̝̞̺͖͉̣̩̤̙͍̬͓̞̘͇̣̮̘͙̠̠̳̥̘̤̭͍̯̟̫̠͙̠̹͔͖̞̣͍̮̰͖̫̰͊̽̈̋̈̇̈́̉̀̈́͗̍̍̃̊̏̽̑̍͋̊̾̾͊̈́͂͊͊͑̑̏͋̌̋̅͋͊͊̃̍̽̑̈́̓̅̈̑̿̔̐͊̇̑̿̐̋̿̌̄̊́̾̀͋́̀̽̏͗̈́̽́͛̌͒̒̒̅̔͐̿͗̅̂̿̉̃̏͛̍͂̾͌̇̌̈́͌̌͆̌̍̓̾͂̎̄̂̋̋̊̆̇̇͂͌̒̀̓̊͐͋̽̆̓̐̀̓̃̍̓̋͑̋̏̾̀͌̾̓̽̀̎͛͌̎͆̈́́̾̍͂͛͂̈́̆͑͐̀̎̋̒̆̀̏̋́͋̈́̓̈͑̓͗̓̈̈́̅͗͆̔̏̑̇̋̃̑̇̅͛̔͒̓̑͊̊̅͌̅͑̌̄̈̆̑̈͛͆͋͊̐͐̄̀̈́̿́͛̇̚̚̚͘̕̚̚̚̕͘͘̕̕̚̚͘͘̚̚͘̚͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ0̷̨̢̡̡̧̧̧̧̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̩͈̥͚̤̠̫̝̪̰̰̠̣̰̳͇̥̭̪͉̼͈̳̠͇͉͉̲͇̙̺̞͈̘͎̼̪͚̗̠̮̻̠̠̣̯̬̪̘̞̱͖̙̩͈̫͍̭͉̜̻͕͓̳̞͍͖̳̹͙̱̥̞͉̣̖͍͙͇̲͇͔̺̩̣̮͖̯͍͎͓̜͖͓̱̫̳͈̰̪̼̺̫̰͖̦̦̣̰̰̫͖̖̫̭̦͕̙͖̪̳̹̞̼̪̰̤̠̠̬̘̘̓̊̓̓̾͐͌͗̃̓͂̈́̏̈́̒̍̾͂̂͋̒̓̊̔͑̿̔̇̔͛̽̋̆͗̂͌̈́̀̉̿̒̓̃̈͑̈́̈́̈́͆̿͐̒̍͋̾̈̾̔͌͆̈̃͊̌̋̌̏̆͑̊͂̽͗̆̌͑̑̌̈̎̄͆̐͂̎͗̈́̉̿̇̄̈̄̀̄̉͌͂̿̈́̈͂͒̈̈́͒̒̄̊͊̊̃͗̏̌̃̏̈́͋͆̈̍̅͐̍͐̏̌̆̔̂̄͗̈́̽̍̐̀̉̄̍̃̉̑͑̎̆͆̃͂̄̓͋̾́̒̓̓̑͊́̾̍̅̽̓̓͛͆̀̆̾̇̌̈́͌͐͑̉͐͑͛̇̽͛̂̈͑͐̈́̿̿͐͆̋̾̔̈́̐͛̑͋̄̓͆̀͂́̊̉͗͘̕̚̕̚̚̚̕̕͘̕͘̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̨̧̧̡̧̡̢̡̨̡̨̡̨̨̢̢̨̨̢̡̢̡̢̨̢̡̛̛̛̩͈̖̲̭̻͕̘̲̺̪̼̱͉͈̱̯̩̲͔͚̣͖͇̩̬̙̘̰̺̼̰̖͓̺̳̼̰̼͍̱̱̝̭̹̳͕̱̞͉̙͍̹̜̞͚̲̩̺̙̝̱̼̖͇̹͕̙̗̟̲͈̞̟̺̫͉̱̪͚̰̟̘̩̪̙͕̼͓͕̪̤̯̞̦̰͔̖̻̗̩̜̞͈͉̼͇͙̰̯̜̱̦͖͎͈̺̗̱͙̦̞͓͖̟̫͉̠̰͕̝͕̣̲͎̰̘̩̘͚̫͕͉̩̹̟̟̖̼̠̬̥͕͉̗̳̹̱̮̳̯͍̼̙̖̘̝̣͈̤̲̮̼̬̭̼͚̬̫̼̱͖̦͓͎̩̝͚͎͕̙̤̱̤̝̤̩̼̭̫̬̘̘̞̤̪͓̳͎͔̳̟̖̳̪͖͖̦̙̥̖̥̻̣͕̭̹͉̬̞̥̫͓͍̣̣̫͉̻̺͙̰͒̐̿̈́͗͌̂̽͂͑̂̒̊͌̂͐͗̉͋͗͗̔͌̑̓̔̾̌̐́̋̿̓͑̌̇͛̃̈́̿̿͂̿͐̊̅͗͊̂͋̿͐̈̂͑̎͌̆̇̂̊̀̋͗̆̔͒̒̾̋͂̎̇̍͛̎͒̉̐̎͆̄̿̈́́̂͑̓̑̏̐̽̿̈́̃̾́͘̚̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̵̢̛̼̭̳̮̪͙̳̪͇̲̜̈́̉̊͋̐͋̾̾̅͛̅̍̽̔̐̍̒̏͌̀̄̄͌́̿̂̌̾̋̉͑̓͆̀̉̃͛̎͗̓͆̄̾̈́̿͗̍͒̑͌̿̅̒̈́̾̌̉̿͊̔̔̎̓̾̑̋͌͒̍̀̽͑͋̌͋̏̎̍͗̚̕͘̕̚̕̚̚͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝1̷̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̥̱̘̖̥̠͓͕̬͍̪̠͔̜̤͚̣͖͎̮͉̞̻̬̥͎̤͇̖̼̔̽͊̍̂̈̀͋̅͐͊̋͛̇̑̃̅̽̆̑̃̇͗̈́̽̓̊͊̇̽̓̈́̇͑̆̉̆͊͋̊̿͌̉̓̄̈̄͂͒͊͋͊͛̓̆̑̈́̓̎̐̄̎̇́̎͐͑̔̋̍̀̅͋̒̐̀̒͌̌̃̌̀̇̎͊͊̿̀͂̀̓̓̐͂͗̅͌̍̍̊̒͑̒̑͗̏̒̽̂̈́̔͛̀͗͗͌͋͐̏͗͗̑͒͐̎͑͂̌̄̑͒́̔̾̌͌̃̏̍̈́̀̏̉̈́͆̑̋̊̋̄̈͐͗͑̈́̃̓̅̏̅̇̊̏͒̄̓̓̂̌̚̚̚̚̚̚̚̕̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠0̶̡̨̡̡̛̛̛̛͎͙̥͓̞̩̹̩̪͈̣̦̮̜͓̟͔̱̱̱̳͍̠͙̪̩͎̮̽̊̑̓̃͊͂̓͐̋̐́͋̈́̔̍͗̋̇̿̒̽̈̔̃͑͋̎͑̓͑̒̈́͂̀̍̎̉̈͂̎͋̌̓́̔̅̑̓͆́̉̂̑͐̄̎̉̃͌͊̾̒̈́̾̅̔͘̚̚̕̕͘̚̕͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅ1̴̢̢̗̤̱͇͖̩͕̦͇̺͓̫͍͔̱̮̺̺̩͓͕͙̺̙̼̪͚̺͇̼̜̘̥̜͕͈̭̱͕̮͇̺̽̆̒͒̃̈́̀̒͛͗͂̎̄̇͒̈́͒͌̿̆̔͐̋̂̈́͒̈́̉̋̔̓͊̌̄͑͌͗͋̈́̓̆̊̆̓̓̀̏̑̈́̇͐̒̆̿̈́̉͐͂̅̏́̂̏͛̈́̽̈́̊̎̒̓̍̽̊͂̓̌̽͑̐͌́͑̎̈́̋̒͂̃̓̄͛̉̋̐͐̏͛̎̄̇̑̅͑̈͗̎̇͂̈͑̈̍̋̍͌͌̋̽͆̏̃̓̈́̍̍͐̾͒̏͑̒̆̑͋̓̿̈́͆̑̒̿̈̈́̑̆͊̓̈́̀̄̏̃̑̋͊͛͘̚͘͘͘͘̚͘͘̕͘͘͘̕͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅ0̴̡̨̡̡̢̢̛̛̛̮̼̳̱̭̭̣͔̥͍̺̺̟͚̗̙̖̦̪̰̮͓͕͖̣͉̟͚̣̹͙̖̲̭̥͙̜͚͉̮͕͓̦̭͕͇̭͇͔͔̜͙̠̪͖̪͇̭̖̤̹̥̻͖̹̦̥̟̮̹̫̫̺̭̗͕̖̬̫̹̻̣̭̱̥͇͍̟̠̗̘͕̙̫͕̼̬̮̞̘̙̦̭͖̆̏̉̽̉̑̈́̓͗͌̄͂̎́͐͆̐̉͆͗̑̐̓̇͆̽̏͊̽̏̍͆̿̈́̉͛̎̋̔͋͗̈́̄͋̓̎̈́̅̏͌̈̔̃̆́͐̇͒͌̋̇̎̃͆͛̀́́͒͌̀̾͊̏̅͊̀͋̆̃̓̓̔̇̈́̒̈́̌̒̑͊͋͂͛̉͊̔͒͌͌͂̑̃̈́͛̆̋̐̊̀̄̂̾̏͋͗̋͐̎̽̎̓͛͗̏͗̎͌̋̌̈̔̎͒͐̋̓̇͂̂͌̓̏̈̋́̈́̆͐̐̌̀̊̾͂̍͋̉̊̊̀̾̌͒̈́͗̍̈͂͛̏̾̉̇̒̆̂̂̏͋̅̿̽͂̐́͊͆̈̎͑͐̓̍̊̕̕̚̕̕̚̕̚͘̕͘̕͘̚̚̚̕͘͘͘̚͘̚̚͘͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅ0̷̧̨̨̢̧̧̛̛̛̛̳̭̞̞̜̮̫͓̞̺̙̠̜̭̼͍̺̖̟̲̘̜̟̦̹̟͖̭̱̆̍͂̾͛͆́̑͊̀̊̀͛̑̊̏̽̈́͛̏̃̆̊͑̀̾̄̀̇̏̍̋͗͆̓̆͋̈́̿̃̂͋͌͛̌̈́̈̉͂͒̑̽͐͛̅̃̀͊̿̓̇̐̈́̇̃̃̀̑̆̉͂̑̑̑͗͋̐̔̍̈͋̓͌̍́͒͋̀͛̂͒̐̆̽̋̈̔̈́̒͑̾̌͆̂͗͗̆̈́̈̊͗̈́̆͆͑͆̌͌͊̈́͌̽̔͒͑̃͆͂̏̌́̌̌́́̈́̈́̇̈͛͂͊̀̇͌̌̋͊̂̏͒͛͋̇̉̄̉̌̊̐̈́͑̎̅̄̾̎̽͂̓́̋͒̓̑̑̌̐̍͂͐̾͆̋̾̅̒͗̃͂̑͊̅̊̐̾̋̓͛̂͂̊̍̉̏̈́̋̽̄̉̋̅̾̄̾̈́̋̇͐̽͋͆̈́̾͘̕͘̚͘̚̕̚̕̚̚͘͘͘̕̚͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝1̴̧̧̨̧̢̨̢̨̨̢̨̧̨̨̧̧̢̡̧̢̧̛̘̟̺̭͉̻͉̝͖͉̻͙͍̪̥̬̻̜̺̘͍͕̫̭̦̙͇͚̺̰̤̤͉͕̺̫͖̥̯̖̭̥͈͉͉̜̗̝̥̪͈̗͓̜̻͚̥̻̙͓̭͙̳̜̠̬͚̻͖͙̖̭̱̹̮͍͖̜̩̫͔̘͓͚̗̟͓̳͕̳̭̥̪͎̤̳̙̪̜̰͕̘̞͈̦̼̻̥̼̼͚͙͓̭̞̫̫͎͎͕̖̮̱̗͍͉̩̟͚̪̯͔͈͖͎͖̱̲͎͕͍̘̱̘̹̭͉̯̘̖͙̙͕̱̞̙̓͗͊̿̑̈͑̓̌̋̿̎̉̅͛̂̀͑̈͒͌̉̊̏̋̒̌́̓̈́͆̈̾̿͆̒͛̒͌͑̑͗͆͌̄̑͌̋̓̉̉̐̑͊̊̓̌̓̒̿͊̿̑̃̈́̐̓͒͆̓͋̈̏́̍̀̀͑͘̕͘̕͘͜͜͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅ0̴̧̡̧̢̨̨̧̡̥͉̪̜̠̞͕̰̜̖͕̯̪̺̞͎̻̘̪̜͉͚̝͖͔̪͔͈̠̹̙͉͈͓̩̱̝͓͎͇̙̠͉̱̩̥̹͖̼̖̤̜͓̞̬̂̄͌͗̌̈́̑̊̑̈̌̒͂̐̓͛̃͗̈̋͜͜͜͝͝͠ͅ ̵̨̢̨̢̧̧̧̢̨̡̢̨̨̡̧̨̧̨̡̡̨̨̧̢̨̨̧̛̪̥̹͉̙̟̬͔̳̪̗̻̞̘̦̙̦̦͍͎̭͓͕̙͓̺̰̬͚̣̜̳̹͈̭̞̬͙̳̫̜̳̠̮̞̩̪̞̤̲̘͓̝̖͖̱̪̼͚̗͔̪͔̪̥͉͈̥͕̼͓̟̰͍̱̱̫͉̣̦̖͚̪̠̜̖̠̗̪̣̭̙̞͕͓̣͇͇͓̻̤̫̱̤̣̥̟̺͖͉̲̗͔͈͓̙̣͙̣͕͉̹̤̭͚̤̲̩͖̱̤͕̲͍͇̫͈̮͓͚̞͔̲̬͍͍̦̪̟͕̳̼͍̦̼̞͎̹͎̟̞͍̰͕͇̦̜̮̱̻̜̯̹͖̪̠̩̗̘̖̭̦̭̖̮̣̤͕͉̬̣̙̘̟̩̦͎̥͚͎̥͕͚̘̲̞͎̗̬͖̟̖̬̘̞̥͕͉̦͍̗͇̟̦͚͓͈̬̰̰̻̬͓̫̦̥̬̳̤̓͋͂̿̀͂͛̐͋̾̀̔̾̐̃̔̽̔̔͊͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̶̨̨̡̨̨̨̨̡̡̧̨̢̨̢̡̨̧̛̛̱̬͇̻̳͇̫͚̦̩̹̲̭̺̠̘̪̭̭͎͕͙̞̬̠̘̳̹̳̙̹̤̘̬̯͎̱̤̳̱̺͓̼̫̥̳͈͍̹̘̪̼͎̝̪̯̻̟͉͔̗̝͕̠̥͓̺̭̣̭̳̖̩̪̤̤̬̺͈̞̥̩̫̩̼̯̭̙̖͔̘͍͕̟̮͕̘̥̤̝̲̞̦͓̠͙͉͔̺͖̠͔̱͉͚͚̩̯͎̣͙̩̲͓͍͉̞̥̘̹̺̥̥̺̙͖̲̪̗̺̫̰͈̣͚̜̹̜̜̩̘̱͓̹̜̞͓̦̥̩̫̝̹͙̞̣̙̪̬̘̳͓̉͐͗̅̈̒̑̇͊̄̃͂̅̄͂̐̈͐̔̎̋̏͌͊̑͛̿͌̑́͆̃̆͒̀̂͆̔̾̍̾͐̒͑̆̆͊̊̽͌̔̽̑͐͆̑̑͊̽̌̌͊̂͆͊̔͒̄̂͊̋̈̍͛̿̉̓̈́̈̒̔̔̈́̀͌̏̍͊́̑͊̈̓̈̊̈͗̈́͛͑̅̉̑͋͒̓̈̌̓̈͆͑̇͋̅̔̑̈́̊̽̆͆̑̇̓̏͊̓̉̋́͋̆͑͆̋͂̋̚̚͘̚͘̕̕͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̷̨̨̢̡̨̨̢̨̜̥̩̳̹̳͎͕̣͍̜̥̣͉̹̗̳̼̖̱̪͍̱̗͍̗̞̖̗̰̳̯̞̮̩̠̤̺͉͇̠̝͎͈̗͎̥̘̮̘͍̣͍̳̞̰̲̙̩̖̱͙͈͖̤̬̞̟̩̙̝̱̼̟̲͈̞̮̠̟̳̼̩̪̱̬̹̼̻̯̥͎̹͈̮̺̪̙̼̰̮̺͖̟̰͓̓̈̉̅̓̓͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅ0̸̡̢̢̢̢̧̨̢̨̨̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̙̜̞̦̱̰͓̫̤͎̬̳͉̱̦͈̳̫͚̤̯̹̝̼̦͍̯̥͈̳̦̮͍̻͕̥̮̼̙̹͔̟̩̱̣͈͈̘̳͈͖̹̯͓͎̳̥͎͓̺̜͈̖̭̺̪̝̩̬͙̯̥̗̲̪̦̬͎͓̯̻͎̩̺̺̝̠̼̟̞͕͚̖͚̝̘̞̫̺̪͖̼̪̺͖̱̰͎̱̳͎̬̬̹͇̖͎͔̦̙͖͇̤̦̫͈͎̩͈̰̭̪͕̜̖̪̼͍̩̬̇̈́̔͑́̿́̈͆̈͆̔̿͋̋̊͊̍̆̎͆̍̉̓̔̀̋̅̈́͋̎̈̊̑́͒̈͛̒͂̇̉͒̅͂̇̀̍̌͐͆̽͛͒͌̓̀̾̍͋͑̒̓̾̏̍̈͊̃̎̒͛̄̆̒̎̀̇͐͋̆̐̃́̿̊̐̎͆̎̽͆̿̈̋̈́͒̿̐̈͆̐̂͛̌̇̐̐́͊̈́͛͊̍̈́̎͗̈̓̔̐̓͛̒̄͐͌͊̑͐̓̇̐̈͊͒̂̊͋͒̄̆̽́̓̈́̐̐̈́͋͋̌͘͘̚̕͘̚̕̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝ͅ0̵̡̢̡̡̢̡̡̡̡̢̡̡̧̨̧̨̧̨̧̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̩̰̺̜̘̩͈̙͍͇͎̣̝͓̖͓̗͓̫̖̻͚̬͉̬̖̪̬̱̟͓̜̮͍̱͖̰̖̰͓̰̞͙̝̼͎̫͉̖͓̞̱͎̜̭̮̻͉̩̜̞̙̗̹̲̥̫̖͍̪̦͍̺̖̟̤̤̝̞̖͔͍̻͖̤̺̭̗̜̺͕̖͕̦̫̬͔͎͖̟̮̪̣̮̜̱͇̤̬̳̤͈̰̖͖̳͇̰͍̻̜͙̗̣̱̠̥̱̗̤̝̻͙̬̻̥̹̞̜̜͈̬̤͇̩͙̭͚͍͍̬̟̤͖͎̤̜͓̺͇̻̖̩̙͕̖̝̤̞̪̖͙̭͎̰̗̗̥͖͓̮̲̟̣̞̰͔̠̰̦̭̤̻͈̣̞̯̻͖̳͈̯̝̘̦͎̩̘͓̬̺̹̰͈͚̜̭͍͍̩̪͚͉̙͔̪̦͗̓͑̽̆̐̏̑͆̇̊̉͑̉͆̾̓̆̒̿̓̈̆͛͋̉̌̽̽̋͐̈́̓͑̓̑̿͊̄͑̽̓̽̈́̽̐͆̑̂̔͐͆̉̄̄͐̊̀̅͗̿͒͆͑̊̈́̅̋̊͛̄̑̓̇͐̾̈̄̊͆̈́̇̆̂̋́̑̒̇̈̉̊̀̉̿̈́̄̽̂̐̈́̄͌̾̿̋͗͒̈̈́̐̊̿̏́̅̎͋̇̽͋̋̃̐̅̅͆͌̀̓̐̈́̐͐͌́̅̔͛͋̎̆̇͗̈͒̌̃̅̌́͌͑͋͐̏͌͆͐͗͒̌̔̈́͒̃̄̽͛̆̈́̂̕̚̚̕͘̚̚̚͘͘̕͘̕͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ1̷̨̧̡̨̨̧̧̨̧̢̢̧̡̡̢̢̧̧̡̛̛̛͓̰̞͚̪̦͈̳̫̜̳̹̥̪̺͇̰̜̳̻̝̝̻̮̖̠̳͙̺̲͙̪̥͎͚̹̜̥̖̱͎̦̹̙͕̟͈̙͖̦̖̮̗̮̣̘̳̣̮̭̪̖̦̰̺̻͇͓̰̘̮̜̞̪͈̟̬͔̖͎̲̣̮̞̹͖̤̥̩̭̤̤̪̭͔̞̮̟̳͇̣͎͕̹͈̱͕̻͉͖̳̤̝̟͓̗̣̠̦͉̩̰̯͔͇̗̻͔̤̯̣͔̻͎͙̹̣̙͖̝͇̖̖͈̹̪̫̬̟͇̩̘͍̦͉̺̰͈͙̬͖̭̹̣͚̙͔̘̙̱̯̯̜̰͓̪͓̣̣͉̺̮͙̦̹̖̲͙̙̗͇̣̱͎̹͙̘̺̳̜̠̼̦̝͍̤͉̗̼̳̟͙̹̫͎͖͓̥͙̣̝̤̰͔͚̜̼̟̬͇̠̰̺̼̼̗̞̟̬̓̉̎̾̒̉̏̑̿̄̈́̉̃͆̈́̀́͌̔̈̌̓͋̄̈́̀̅̅̓͒͋͊̓̍̅̎͗́̈́̔̆̄̊̐̎̓̉̂͆̓̑͋̐̉̀̔͗̌̈̉͐̈́̾͑̓̄̽̑͊̂̀̽̃̿̍̍̋̈́͛̚͘͘̚̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̶̡̡̨̡̨̨̧̨̡̡̧̨̢̧̡̢̢̢̨̢̧̙͕̹̹̳̼̰̥̦̜̼̹̹̟̞̪͓͎͙̱͖̭̲͔̜̫͇̬͕͉̹̱̪̳̟̰̩̦͙̩͍̹̳̣̼͖̩̹̤͍͉̹͙͖̲̺̠̬̯̺̳̼̤̭͕̪̟̲̯̥̯̖͖̟̺̬̲̝̟͎͇̝̜̤̹͎̙̰̠̬̫̺͔͙͓͈͚̼͖̫̱̫̖͕̲̞͚̩̭͎̤͈͚̮̺̲̞͚̩͕̦̬͖̫̯͚̹͕͖̟̩͚͔͇͙̻̳̖̲͈͖̼̙̟̤̰̞̠̼̻͈̥͓̼̜̫̞̗̲̙̤̰̟̳̝̭̙͓̳͔͚̲͈͔͙̳̹͙̗͓̳̼͕͕͔̱̯͂̽̽́́͛̇̋̅̔́͒̈́̈́̾́̈́͐̋̀͆̃̂͐̇̓̉̄̊͐̅̇̔̆̈́̅̒͛͋͂̾̈́͂͌͒̄̌̈́̏̿̈͒̾̋̓̿̄̈́̏̊̍͋̐̌̈̾̎̂̀͌̿̀̾̎̒̐̊̕͘̚̕̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̸̨̢̡̡̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̱̝̝̻̱̩̙̲̝̭̳͎̯̟̫̤͚̗͖̘̩̙̹̝̰͓͚͙͍̲͇̘̦̲͈̀̐͌̑̑̄̽̈̊̊͛͊͂̔́͊̈́͋̎̏̇̒͌̏͗̍̈́̊͒̿̏̆̄̒̍̅̽̑̂̀̌̓̇͑͑̿̉̒̓̉̊̈́̊̎̂͛͆̌̓̽̾͊̒̃̏̉̊͛̾́͐̑͒̍̎̇́̈́̈́̀̔̑̂̓͐͐̈́̈́̈́̽̃̍̐͛̃̆̈́̓̈́̔̽͑̓̌͑͂́͊͗͋͋̈́̎͒̒̌͌̉̂̎̽̀͋͊̍̆̒̎̅̊̊̽̒̋͗̇̈́̓͋̾̇̈̑̀̇͑́̉̈́̈́͂͒̄̒̽̃̓͆͌̋̈́̆͑̍̇͊͗͛̅̓̓͋̌̿͗̿̅̓̂̿͊̓̔̓̍͒͛͆͑̒̈̿̿̋̆͌̒̇͆̋͑̏͑̌̒͆̅̊̕̕͘̕͘͘̚̚͘͘̚̕̕̚̕͘̕͘̕͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅ1̶̡̧̢̧̨̢̨̢̢̧̧̢̧̢̡̨̢̢̧̧̢̢̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̙̮͔̺̤̞̜͉̥͉̯̩͖͈̘̗̞͓͔̱͕͚̝͎̯̰̗͇͎̭͇̗͇̝̮̤̪͍͍͍͚̱͇̘̲̰͓͚̯̞̰͉͇̤̲̬̣̪͙̣̹̤͚̙̳͖͇̫̫͕̗̺̝̘̩̝̪̗̼͇̺̞̣͓̼̹̘̲̲̟̗̬̹̺͓͈̜̦̗̭͍͙͈̥͍͉̣̘̭̼͎̠̝̣̮̰̳̯̻̟͉̲̲͓̫͉̙̳̗̪̹̥͎͖͙̘̱̗̣͙͍͓̞͉͖̮͈̪̰̘̼͕̲̞̫͈̟̫͎͔͙̜̰͔̞̫͚̻̦͎̗̥͓̠͈͍̠̟͇̺̟̤͚̤̦̘͉̲̪͈͙̝̯͍̤͙̰̭̦͇̞̲̠͇̱̱̹̥͈̮͉̭͇̻͙̟͎͎̪̜̬̖̈́̄͂͆̾͋̅̒͌̈̆͆̈́̉̊̆͆̊̍̿̈̿͂̍̀͒͊̒̐̔̈̾͊͗̆̈̈͗̓̾͛̅͐̇̓́̒̄͆͆̍̔͒̿̓̿͋̓̇͑̾̐̒̓̓̽̄̒̈́̆̋͋̃̓̀̃̈́̃̂̎̅̆̓̋̑̀͌̈́̃͊̾̒̾̌͆̾̓́̐̿̄̈́͐̉̈̀̏̽͌̈̃͐́̕̚͘̚̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ ̵̨̧̡̨̧̨̢̧̢̨̨̧̢̨̨̧̢̨̧̛̛̛̫̳̤͕̲̺͚̮̞̱̙̖̺͎̳̫̯͓̳̹͔̙̣̼̥̱̝̱̼͓̳̺̞̜̹̭̩̳̜̬̯̥̼̪͉̫̙̹̹̘̰̟͎͓̤̳̞͈͓͙̠̯̞̮̞͔̗̜̺̝̞̮͙̩̝͓̣̤̦̜͔͇̰͇̠̣̘̠͓͖̱͇͈̞͙̦̳̮̤̦̺̩̲̩̯̭̻͚̖̻̦̦͖̹̰̞̲̗̖̦̹̪̭͖͚͔̬̥̭̳̰͓̲̦̥̤̬̪̖̞͕̠̺̥̠̲͙̘̲̼͙̗̹̩̎̓̅̌͒̍̃͌̐̓͗̑̑̉̄̍̿͋̎̈́͗̎̍̄̋͗̏̉̍͗̃̒̽̽͛̒̀̏͐̾͒̓͋̂͒̅͑̒̆̾̿̇͌̽͌̾̽̎͂̀̑̔̑̈́̂̊̍̓̐̉̅̔̈̀̂̈́̕̚͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅ0̵̢̡̢̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̤͈̝̬̻̜̪̻͇̭͍͈̙͈̪͍̦̯͖̱͓̠̪̼̠̠̜̼͈͚̜̤͚̘̭̠̤̼͈̹̘̼̠̤͚̮͓̳͎͉͔͈̤̝͉͕͙̖̯̖̻̞̜̬̈́̉͆͑͑̈́͆͒̃̂̾͌̆͊͑͑̈́̾̓̄̄̌͊̊̃̽̆̔̎̊͐̏͐̂̂͋͆͐̌̂̿̿̑̉̒͑̍͑̄̅̇͊͂̐̋̿̍̿̃̒̿̒̄̌̊̽̆̊̀͂͗̔͐̀͑͌̒̃͐̈͌̉̈͊̈́͆̾͆̏̓͊̽̆̐̄̿͂̊̈́͆̑̂̔̈́̐̌̌̎͊̈́̇̊̅̄̓̒̈́̅̆̑̈́̚͘̚͘̕̕̕̚̕͘͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅ1̵̨̨̧̡̢̧̡̧̧̧̡̧̨̡̧̦̣̬̘͖̼̞̬̠̼̳̗̱͉̱͓̹̬̻̟͍͖̖͙͈͖͎̥̦̩̠͍̗̺͔̠͚͓̫̳̮̯̭͎̱̰͎̬̞̼͈̗͉̳̰͕̩̟̤̫̱̹̺̟̲̺̲̪̼͖͖̟̗͎̰͉̗̘̠̜̥̗̖̱̹̩̥̟̥͙̹͖̪̪̣̤̟̱͖̹͔͔̺͓̩͚̘̼̬̬̘̰̱͖̙̯̪͔͕̙͍͕̣̫͍̥͈̣̖̤͔̜͎̯̞̙̯̩̓̉͗̈̔̂̒̃͛̔̀̈́̋̊͆̋̒̋̊̄̑͘̕͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ0̸̧̢̧̨̧̧̨̡̢̢̢̡̢̨̧̢̡̢̢̨̡̡̨̡̛̭͙͖̟̰̱̰͕̥͚̳̮̖͚͔̳̥̮̲̺̺̺͉̺̖̠̩̝̩͇̞̤̜͓͕̣̬̫̪̪̖̥̦̟̩̹̥̲̦̝̰̮̝͓̻̼̼̞͙͓̰̞̰̼͕̥̣͍̰̩̯̱͓͕̺̟͎̖̖̦͍̖̱̮̰̘͎͔̼̩̰̠͔̣̖̻̻̼̱̜̮̜̫̘̱͖̠̬̱̞͓̳͈͉͓̬̦͕͉̼̭̫͍̥̪͖͌̎̔̋̾̐̈́̎̊̓͂͛̊̇̏̋̏̓̍̓́͌̌͛̕͜͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ1̵̡̛̛̝͚̫͔̃̋͑̂̇̿̉̿̂̈́̌̽̏̅̓̓̆̆͌̓̑̓̎͒͑̒͐̆̓̋̿̏͗̃͑͆̓͒̿̓͛̈́̍̇̌͆̓̏̂̉͗̀͆̓̋͂̌͑͌͛̾͂̈̇͆͂̑̈́͒̅̏́̇͊̓͂̈̒̈́̔͑͊̿̇͆̉̋͋̑͐͑̌̑͆̋̍̈͒̑̂̉̋̔̌̆̈́͋͌͗̉̿̓́̎̇̾̂̍̐̈́̇̏̓̒͛̈́͊͌͂́̔͆̎͆͗̏̋̉̐͂̾̍̃̔̄̓͂̅͗̓͌̈́̈́͋͂́̏̂̓̈́̌̏̽̌͑̋̓̍̂̔́͂̑̈̌̊̄͌͂̏̊̂̕͘̕̚̚̚̚̚͘̕̕̚̕̕͘̚͘̚͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝0̶̡̡̧̨̢̨̧̡̨̛̛̛̛͖̯̯͈̻͎͔͚̝͔͚̳̘̪̮̭̯̬͎͈͈̤͕̥̤͓͎͇͈̥̣͚̼͍̗̞̝̼̼̠̙̺̹̹̠̖̰̭̮̜̏̽̅͒͑̒͐̆̽̆̈̂̈̽̔͋̈̒͂̌̈́̄̌̋͒̀̽̇̋̃͊͑̀̋̆̔̈́̓͐̅̉͒̊͛̽͐̃̄̎̄̃̊̏͗͊̒̐̋̾̔̋̃̉̽͐̊̆̔̓̓̇̇́̀͗̓̈́̅̑̃͒̿͂̈́̎͛̓̆̍̾́̈́͌̂̅̇̆̅̓͑͑̈́̈͛̽̐̈́̇̓̿̆̍̉̃́͗̑͗̇̐̿͆̿̈́̇̾̑̕̚͘̕̚̕̕̕̕̕͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ0̷̡̨̨̧̡̢̧̨̨̨̡̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̬̞̹͖͕̮̰̹̥̗͉̗̳̲̞͉͔͚͖̝̺͍̩̖̘̳̩̠̯̺̤̙͕͖͕̫̮̭͓̲͈̳̮̖̥̬͉͔̼̲̹͕̟̫̟͈͇̰̱̺̻̩͇̖̩͇͖̩̣̯͉͍̟͖̩̥̫͙̠͍͕̬̬̠̞͈̖̤͓̭̩̼̹̝͇̯̫̯͉̝̤͖͉̳͈̬̓͌̅̌̏̊̿̾͐̋͋͑͑̃̍͐̿͊͛͆̊͂̔̐̔̋̔̐̒̑́̂̅̇̂̅̾̓̋̇̑̌̈́͑̏̈́̀̐̃̿̊͐̇̈́̐͗̂̾̏͊̓̽́͒̎̎͐̆̂̌̑͛͗̋̃̊̇͐̆͆͛̇̀̈́͐̇̄̆̓̀̍̾͗́̒̅͊̈́̈́̽͋͆̎̋̍͂̋͌̒̑̽̈́̅̓͒͐̀͂̔̌͌́̈́̏̇͒̎̎̐͌̉͋̂̈́́̔̓̏̔̇̇͋̄̐̑͆̅̎̇̋̀̂̀̾̇̒͑͂͌̇̂̿̇̾̓͐̉͗͋̔̾͒̐͐͒̓̈́̓̓̈́͐̃̔̾̓̂̓̃̏̆̋̒͂̎̌̉̊̇̈͌͐̌͂͒̍̽̃̏̏̐̃͛̉͑̂͐͐̀̕̚̕̚͘͘̚͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅ1̶̨̧̧̧̢̢̨̢̢̧̢̡̢̢̢̢̢̨̢̧̧̧̡̜̞̼̬̯̮͙͓̗̙͙͈̭͖̦͖̖̖͕̞͎̪͖̼͈̥͇̘͕̟͈͉͖͍̝͖͚̗͈͉͈̰̪̣̖̙͇̼̬̪̗̘͎̜͎͉̜̞͎̘͓̲̬͔̜̤͖̞͕̦̯̠̜̤̞͔̼̬̩̻͙̝͙̬͈̭̗̪̭͖̪̞̜͓̞̩̮͓̬̗͈͚̱̺͕̳̣̮̱̜̥͙̘͎̮̻͎̹̣̟̜͔̙̥͕̳͙͓̞̥̦̜͔͉͓̜̠̺̞͔̥̙̘̮̻̝̙̻̖̻͎̗͕̫͔͎̦̟̖̰̜̱̹̖̟̞͚̣̯̥̣̲̭̲̼̲͈͙̦̰͖͎͈̬͖͓͎̰̤̩͙̞̝̯͚̫̠͍̹̺̺̫̞͖͎̫͕̳̰̭̰̭̖̞̦͚͔͙͎͙̬̺͙̪͈͔̹̻̬̖͎̯̤̘̖͍̼̖͖̼͖̬̂͆͌̐͂̇̇̒̏̓͑͋̂̾͌̅̎͆͌̃̎̆̌̈́̈̅͊͒̓͂̅͂̽͛͊̑̉̿̉́͑̽̓̿̓̈́̕̚͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅ0̴̡̧̧̨̧̨̢̨̢̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͇̻͕̜͚̻͖̹̩̰̲̬̠̠̪̮̗̙̳͉̗͔͈̠͙̼̳͉̦͚͈͓͔͔̠̲̮̰̥͔̘̘̻̙͓̟̤̹͙̳̰̮̯͙̣̺̥̺͕͇̠̭̝̦̩̱̭̱͕̮̰̼͎͍͚̲͓̳̤̜̘͉̜̳̠̭̳͕͉͎̫̤̪̦̹̠̰͉̘̯̳͎̣̳̮͓̫̜̪͍͉̳̹͎͕͎̤͈͖͚̤͎̙̬̩͈̙̼͈͚͙̘̓͊̽̓̓̓͛̈́͋̑̓̐̑̓̈́̈́̎̆̽̄̄̈́̌̓̆͋͗̈́̏̊̉̇̄̈̐̓̈́͛̓͋̈́̅̅͋̎̂͊̊̎̄̍̋̒̊̒̀̔̾͌͒͂͐̒͛͆͋͒̓͛̂̔̏͐͗̎̐̅̍̋̔́̇̑̔̏̋̆̈́͛̍̆͑̐̈̅̌̑̿̅̈́̓͂̊͆̈́̉̿̿͒̒̔̿͂̉̑̍̎̂͋͂́͊̔͒̎̈́̐͐͋͊̉͌̍̐͊͑̐̽̀̈̉̓͑̈́̀̊̋̅͗̒̍͂̃͌͆́̓̾͆̒̃̚̚̕͘̕͘͘̕̚̕̚͘͜͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅ
." Tony wished for a second he could close his eyes, could shut it all out for a second and yet he couldn't. There was constant feedback from the cameras and then the internet, and that constant buzz of electricity. Luckily the other him could stay calmer than him. The only upside in being trapped in this dome of metal was that he didn't feel that vacuous pain, on that had made him feel as if he was trapped in that vast eternal darkness where there wasn't air and he was falling, falling, falling, falling, and there was the shield, and it was falling  down too, right on him, it was falling, falling, falli-
The air was frigid around him, but it wasn't the most painful sensation. That belonged to the emptiness, the lack of buzz running through his brain and the loss of the static in his veins. When he reached out in his thoughts...there was only an echo in return, he forgot how vast his own mind could feel. It had been so preoccupied with the other T.O.N.Y. that he hadn't noticed how lonely he had been in his place.
Just a simple switch of words honestly, it was that easy! A little too easy honestly...But Tony wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. He really needed this to work...he was
"So okay...Battle of New York happens, this metal man stops the nuke instead of Thor, we go to eat shwarma....then he and Bruce become best buddies...then the Civil War? And he rips off Bucky's arm. Seems like it might be better he isn't here." Clint spoke out scowling at that.
Steve couldn't believe what he was hearing, it felt as if all the blood in him was draining, there had to be secret records. Wasn't that what Obadiah Stane had tried and successfully accessed? Tony had even said! He had archives.
"Possibly." Tony offered back. Despite all this Steve looked mildly amused. That was good, he was so used to seeing his scowl, Tony just always pissed him off.
.....
He was safe from that, but...a reset, that was still in question. But...there wasn't a single button or any blemish on his surface. It was perfectly smooth, and no indication of a place for such a reset. Only the plugs in the back where his wires were plugged in for the cameras.
Why had he pushed? Why had he
Steve needed her brains to make it all make sense. Which meant he would have to wait till tomorrow. He sighed as he looked up at the ceiling, he was in his room and sat at the edge of his bed, his knuckles slightly bruised from when he blew off some steam in the gym.
Tony did have to take breaks though, he was too weak as it was and physical therapy was necessary and sometimes Steve outright refused to heavy lift for Tony- which was kind of annoying.
"Calm down Fury, I'm sure we can calmly come to a solution." Steve offered, Bruce looking a bit nervous.
Rebooting:"reboot: " fmt
(See the end of the chapter for
why...wh01111001 couldn't he fo01100011 01110101 01110011....something was wro01101110 01100111. His head 01101000 01110101 01110010 01110100 00001101 00001010.
Tony slowly lifted his eyes to see the top of Steve's head, his head dropped and his body hunched. Tony had never seen Steve react this way towards him...this was...new. Tony didn't know how to handle the weight of the course hard hands on his own. Tony slowly tried to feel out his own body, right...his legs were gone. That...that was okay... Tony had made Rhodey legs, and Rhodey had lost them because of Tony, it only seemed fair Tony would have to pay the same price. Tony would gladly hold this injury if it meant everyone else ended up better.
There...there was something plugged into his head?! Tony could feel it, wires braided together and plugging into the back of his skull. Why?! Why was there something there!? Tony could feel his skin on the back of his head raised, enveloping the rest of the warm wires, why hadn't Tony felt this!?
But before all that, there was something else Steve needed to discuss with Natasha: Tony.
Even with Steve's enhanced hearing he couldn't place where the sound of the sparks was coming from, and before he couldn't really get a clue it stopped.
"It's possible something is inside the main body of T.O.N.Y. but we can't dismantle him since he runs the whole tower." she sighed and rubbed her forehead. Steve nodded, she was right, there was a chance they could actually kill Tony and where would they be then? Tony did everything for them at the tower, there also is the possibility that Tony could lock them inside the Tower. he had when he was fixing Bucky's arm.
Steve couldn't help the sigh that rippled out of his throat. Sometimes Clint was a lost cause.
"Okay Peter, listen closely." Tony tried to make his voice as even as possible to make sure Peter knew how serious this was.
̸̧̧̨̧̛̰̪̤̼̣̹̝͍͇̞̜̼͎̥̟̫͋̉̍̈́̓̅̔̎͂̓͌̏̓̑̈́̾͗́̇̉̃̄̅̓̍͒̊͌̑̓̓̎́͊͑̀̈́̈̚͠͠͠}̵̡̡̛̛̲̞̜̙̝̟͍͓̗̖̫̮͔̖̭̮͍̜̻͖̘̞̤̣̻̪͆̇̎̐̆̎̅̉̀̎͑͌̽̃̔̐̓̏͋͛̓̌̅͋̿̅̽̑̊̌̍̑̏̐̒͋̚̕͜͝ͅ
"Oh trust me body! I know! I've seen the memories! I know what went down with Daddy Dearest! But If I can merge into this
"Oh...I don't know...about that, the other guy-"
Tony had never seen Howard look so proud at Tony before....all Tony had ever wanted was for him to look at him that way.
#include
Tony was all alone....
DUN DUN DUN!!!
struct pid *cad_pid;
Tony's Dad didnt like electricity and the feeling was mutual, Tony had seen the electricity zap at Father's fingers, nipped and bite.
"Why?" Pepper asked trying to sound confident but Steve could see her hands gripping each other in such a way that proved her nervousness.
He could hear soft sniffles and he remembered hearing Peter's voice screeching out for him when Cap slammed his
And where is the fun in that? The pranks he could pull. This was all he had wanted to be back with the Avengers, and that's what he could do. Just because he may or may not be a weird version of Spock- he needed to stop making Star Trek references- didn't mean he couldn't be apart of the team.
did The kid look so sad...his eyes closed as...oil? dribbled itself down his face...he pulled his hands back and brought them to his chest...he was so skinny... and
"So if you knew all along...why play along? Why did you send me on this..
It was an important law. A very important one, Sir personally coded that in. He had made sure it was there, he had...things were changing too much, too many updates too many changes. T.O.N.Y. was not made to update...he was not made to ignore his errors. They are an error for a reason, he knew that. This being-it wasn't a program, it did not know how to reach his archives-it felt human like, spoke like it too. It was changing everything and it was wrong, and T.O.N.Y. had no control.
Tony loved Peter, with all his heart, but by all the salt in him, he was going to find a way to shake this kid.
I also have been feeling so exhausted, and in all honesty this chapter is meant to be longer, but this is all I could do for right now, I don't want you all to wait even more.
"Natasha," Steve turned as she matched his eyeline. "Make sure the kid gets home safe." Steve couldn't even attempt to make his glance at the kid discreet. He looked...sullen...broken almost and it hurt, Steve had done that, he had made that kid feel that way, there was nothing he could do about that. He was the one...he was the one that had ripped Tony open for what!? Some hunch? Damn lot of good that hunch had done him, he possibly doomed all his teammates, traumatized a kid, and.....killed Tony....
Suit.
"You can not say?" Ms. Potts asked.
"Can he hear us?" Natasha asked, shit, she figured it out. Pepper nodded, and there was those raised heartbeats again. Damn, he never wanted the Avengers afraid of him...and without a tech genius like himself around he isn't surprised they are.
(See the end of the chapter for
Father didn't listen to electricity's requests, he didn't listen to the warnings, so when he built unsuitable puppets for electricity, electricity broke it.
Magic wasn't easy to handle on a good day.
"If you don't want him to listen just ask him to go into black out mode."
"Bruce sit down, everything is fine."
Okay here we go, the first chapter where shit is going to get real. Thank you everyone that commented! Once again I am taking a break from homework to write this.
"And how can we trust you?" Steve asked hesitantly, he was not going to put this young...child in danger just because Steve had been stupid enough to not be suspicious.
He wanted.....neither.
"Oh! right....that's okay, I didn't really want to be an Avenger anyways Mr. Tony." Peter finally stopping and walking over to the small make shift work bench Tony had welded the suit together, his disappointment palpable.
"So...I disconnect the power source me...from you, and you?"
Glitch text: Stark,
So thank you'll for the support and I'm sorry for everything.
in his life, he wasn't going to be
He had wanted to make the world proud, his father, his mother....Steve. He wanted perfection...He wanted to save the world in any way he could.
It had been so striking, red, so much
2_Do not talk about Anthony Stark_
Steve tried to think hard on the nightmares he had, they...did...all seem to...be about that man...the man with the sad eyes. He looked over to see the others nod along. Bruce stiffly nodded at that.
Tony was no longer in Peter's phone, but rather back in his original form, he could see the familiar glow of the arc reactor breathing to keep him powered up and he felt himself slipping.
(See the end of the chapter for
it was white....all white...where...where was he?
Man did his head
" Tony continued to shout as a siren started to blare and the machines started to rip out the wires in the back of the machine-Tony. This was Tony, something was wrong with Tony. The sparks were getting worse bouncing across the floor and both Natasha and Steve had to pull Ms. Potts all the way to the back towards the elevator, the siren was even louder, it hurt, it really hurt.
His vision flickered again and he was looking back at Steve who was now standing up and wringing his hands as if nervous.
"Okay, then tell us why!" Steve blurted out without thinking.
Everythinnnng was spinnning......its so so so so so so so white....who made it sososososos whiiiite?
Leave? The other him wanted him to...leave?
"I can not say." Tony said softly trying to let them know this wasn't his choice. Steve furrowed his eyebrows and nodded. Uh oh, there was that determined face. Steve was always such a stubborn person. "
Tony couldn't escape.
-r...or maybe they would be Clint.
"So be it." And with that Strange turned and exited from the washed out vision of Tony's. "I suppose you'll be getting answers soon." and with that, there was the familiar orange light and sparks coming from Strange's portal and he was gone. Something poked in the back of his mind....an alarm?
"Right, I need your help Strange."
He....he was no longer inside his dome....he was...he was alone..He had lost T.O.N.Y.-He felt so empty and alone, no more static electricity under his skin, no more polite robotic voice to keep him distracted. Tony was actually alone inside himself right now and that...that was harder to accept than the Civil War.
February 7: He's completed it for the most part, it runs his entire house now, and well, he reuses to give up the schematics or even the blue prints, he acts as if the are his long lost child. I think Howard has lost himself due to the grief and decided to create T.O.N.Y. to try and fix his wrongs. A security system and with his late child dying due to a kidnapping only seems like a correlation.
"Finally...my greatest creation." Howard whispered he looked deranged but that pride in his eyes....maybe...maybe it was all worth the pain, the fear. Tony had finally gotten his wish...to have Howard proud of his existence...that was all he had ever wanted....and all it took was him....to be re-purposed.
"See these wires here." Bruce told them pointing out the thick black wires lining the edges of the latch, "That implies any forceful entry causes wither a system shutdown or some kind of explosive..." Bruce brought his hand back up to tap his chin again.
"I get that Steve, but what exactly are you going to do? We can't ask Tony anything, he won't answer!"
"It means, are made of iron..." Natasha whispered softly, "it was one of Howard's sayings if I remember correctly..." are made of iron...are made of iron...suddenly it all dawned on Steve.
"Of course Ms. Romanoff." If Tony could smirk he would, OH! He should build a hologra-
"Okay...Okay..." She had her nailed in her mouth biting it, "Look I don't know how to do a manual reset, but I think I might know a fix." She offered looking more than a bit horrified by the suggestion. "An Override code that only works for the CEO's of the company...It was how Stane knew how to program in Tony, It makes it so Tony must tell us everything." She stated looking determined.
the secret 6th Law.....well...It seemed like Tony finally understood what to do to get out.
"WHOOOOOOOO!"
He could see blue lines of coding flickering into existence as if he was being sucked into the matrix or something,
Which was also sad since the electricity liked her too. But it was okay...electricity also liked Jarvis, and Jarvis listened to it too, he would always laugh, he never understood it and electricity did like to playfully poke him when Tony dragged his feet across the carpet, but he would always listen when Tony told him to. Jarvis never knew what electricity was saying but he said he didnt have to if Tony could translate.
Tony didnt know what to say...what to think....how..how did he merge with himself?
"I don't understand?" Bruce uttered out-loud as Clint yawned, "This dome....it's all...cosmetic?" He knocked the metal and listened to the echoed reverberations bouncing along the walls.
"Okay talk." She huffed out as she grabbed another blanket to cocoon herself in.
"Mr. Tony I am so happy to hear you again, I was- I thought-" And Tony's vision shook again as Peter covered his face and Tony could hear the sniffles again, if he wasn't just metal and wires he probably would have gotten choked up as well, Tony could see Peter's tears slowly roll down his cheeks and plop out of sight from his chin. He could hear the shakey breath as Peter was trying to calm himself. Right, Peter had lost his parent, had lost his uncle...seeing something like this....it couldn't be good for his mental health.
Never learning the extent of how far Howard had gone for his 'Greatest Creation'.
But damn, to think, even if Iron Man wasn't around...Obadiah Stane was still stopped. Iron Man wasn't needed...Hell that meant the battle of New York had been resolved without him. Someone else had handled the nuke...He wasn't even needed in this world at all. That was the most depressing thought since he arrived here, even sadder than the fact he died in this universe when he was seven.
Suddenly a thought rolled itself inside Steve's head, tumbling through his head and suddenly it wasn't a simple thought, it was a beast, clawing it's way through his mind and screeching hard into his ears, he couldn't even process what was being spoken externally.
Tony wanted to start fresh, so
You want me to leave?
How was that acceptable?! Duck tape was going to do nothing against a bullet or laser....Well it didn't matter. He made the suit and he was ready to go.
He was a fucking AI, he could just damn order it for himself, or have it shipped to him. So there was that plan.
He wondered on one hand when did his dream of grandeur become a dream of survival?
"Yeah..." Steve offered lamely. Pressing down on the gas pedal; the sooner they got into the city the sooner they got this all settled. Natasha and Clint all kept quiet as they drove, keeping their eyesight forward just like Steve. This was a big deal...Tony had been their partner since the Avengers had been created! He had been a marvel to see when they first brought them down to the lab. They had re-purposed Howard's old house to become the compound, the only room that had stayed the same was that old lab. It apparently was Howard's secret lab, where he had locked himself for months to create Tony. Steve knew what Howard had been going through, he had lost his mother.
Steve took in some deep breathes of anger and slowly brought one hand back.
it was empty.
"Steve, Tony...it's Steve." Oh...that was a good sign, still on first name basis.
Right moving on. Tony was not going to dwell on self pity he had other mysteries to solve, like currently what the fuck was happening with Data him. Like that thought. The other Tony had only had a reboot one other time. That felt significant.
"Yes, now lets go!" Almost like a rubberband, Peter snaps back into moving, and swinging even farther.
Į̶̨̨̛̹̫̫͇͖̩̜̝̝̠͇̦̭̟̰̩̰̳͈͉̜̥̙͚̿̆̄̀͛̄͐̈͒̉̉̆̀̂̄̈͜͝ṫ̶̢̡̛̖̙̤̜͔̩̫̣͇̻͓͍̫̳̻͕̪̳̟̯̟͚̖̺̘̹̣̐̆͌͂̐̽͗̈̇͜͝͝ͅ ̷̡̡̛̪̟̳͎̭͖͍̼͇̦̺͕͉̖̭̹̪̲̜͚̖̰͇̓͒̆̾̋̂̋̈̿̋̐̃̍̑̏̀͘̕͘͜͜͝͝ͅͅH̵̛̭̪̫̰̮͇̼̠̳̜̱̊̔̋̊̍̊̿̌̑̊͋̆̾̈̂̉͌̃̃̿͐͋̂̈́͌̕͜͝͝ͅų̴̛̞̯̜̱̗̗͇̣̱͉̪̠̖̮͚̺̝̯̪͔͕͖̿̆̿̿̆̑̏̔͆͛̾̾̈́̀̽̍͂͂̿̀̈́͛̄͘͘͜͠͝ͅR̷̡̡̡̡̨̢̠͇͕͈̰͚͍̗͇̖̠̰̹̘͎̜̝̟͔̲̬̖͉̝̦̪̬̆̑͋̓͆̂̊͑̀t̸̺̗̬̫̖̺͚͉͔̲̜͕͓͚͙͕̤͙̝̭̥̋̈̇̐̈́̽̓̀̐̍̇̆̓̈͌̾̋̇͝͝ͅͅs̷̲̻̜̫̣͗
know him. We work together, WE SLEEP TOGETHER!"
As much as Tony wanted the black mail he really needed to get this going.
His eyes flickered back to the gym, Steve was still there. Still fighting, there was two other punching bags on the floor, that...didn't look good. Maybe...He shouldn't cahoot with Steve, his anger looked bad-if not worse-in this universe. He seemed particularly devastated by Howard's....misconducts.
So...another memory...That meant....Tony had seen his body get up and move, that meant....Tony...Tony was a copy... Tony wasn't the real...
Steve sucked in a sharp breath as they broke the floor open, Steve's mind flashing to those broken and terrified Brown eyes as Steve slammed the shield down one last time. His heart was pounding and when had his hands become so shaky? It was so cold....and beneath them was a vast expanse of darkness.....a void of hell that Steve needed to see.
But at what price?
Tony's sickness took a turn for a worst when he was kidnapped during a home invasion on January 1st. Tony felt sick reading this...but Strange had said, he
He glanced over to Natasha who trained her look to hide how shocked she felt, but Steve could see it, he could see the soft shake in her fingers and the tight furrowed eyebrows. Steve couldn't help but run his eyes over the rest of his teammates and seeing their reactions, they...they all had had the dreams.
Glitch text:
̶i̷n̵t̴ ̵r̶e̷b̷o̷o̶t̸_̷c̸p̷u̷;̵
"Patch him through Tony" Natasha told him, Tony did just that, and couldn't help but feel a little content at the familiar face.
"Dr. Strange, yeah we've met, okay kid, PLAN TIME!" Tony quickly cut Peter off, Peter nodded looking sheepish.
"When did you see these schematics?"
"And how can we believe you?" Steve asked again, and the man sighed as his cape relaxed against his shoulders only slightly swung in the nonexistent breeze.
"It's a good messaging system!"
"Even if she could? How is she supposed to get inside the building, we're in lock down." Sam retorted...he was right...they were on their own, and the one guy who could probably help was AWOL...that Wizard guy wasn't terribly helpful, all he did was yell at them and leave.
I wanted to." Tony responded back, in that same defiant voice. Pepper gasped a bit at that answer.
(See the end of the chapter for
"But I don't understand...If...if you're just a copy a downloaded conscious of that moment, that means....we...we aren't the same? Why? Why would Strange say we were the same?"
"That's obvious! But what's your plan Steve!?" Natasha called out following Steve as he got in the elevator, once she was in he slammed the door closed, watching as Clint waved stood outside looking increasingly confused.
"We are almost there!" Steve looked over to Clint you had the biggest smile on his face and his arms up as if he was on a roller coaster.
could finally,
Tony was there...crumbled up into a pile of loose flesh, red bubbling from the back of his head....That was his body? His body was there....his body contorted in something that couldn't possibly be comfortable, but there was a twitch...a twitch and his body was moving....why...why was it moving?? Tony hadn't told it to move!? Tony wasn't even in there! What was going on!
"So Hal3000, I guess it's just you and me...want to tell me how I even got here?"
It was about that time when Clint flopped down onto the couch next to Steve, bouncing a bit on the squishy couch cushion, a pizza hanging from his mouth.
Tony wasn't a tool.
"How can I assist you Ms. Romanoff, Steve?" Steve looked around and finally looked back at Tony.
Something was wrong. Something was very, very, very wrong. Tony couldn't open his eyes, couldn't close them. It was so white so very, very, very white. It hurt. It hurt. He needed to cover his eyes. He needed to block out that bright light that burned.
Clint.
What...?
"Thank you Tony."
Right...right....he needed to think.....heee....he could beeat this....
It was best to do a restart. Then they could just be sure. Steve knew that Tony could be watching so he stated out loud "I'm gonna go get some comfort pizza, who wants to come!" he called out looking at Clint pointedly.
_Mainframe Connection Current.active = true;
He wanted to be him....but not him....he just wanted to be liked.
He didn't...he thought Tony was...he thought that maybe...maybe Howard had hid something...that Howard...maybe...
and Tony obeyed.
This took a bit longer than I thought, I hit a small writers block for a bit, but Im back on track. Thank you everyone who commented, the support always pushes me to write faster.
And there it is, We finally get to see what happened to Rhodey and Peter! There will be more of them lol. Also thank you to everyone who commented, and supported this fic, You people are the reason I keep it up!
How oddly reminiscent this all was of his time stuck in that cold vast void of space. How oddly terrifying that was and how empty this situation was in comparison. How odd....it was so silent.
Tony's eyesight flickered, static shuttered through his eyes and he felt it in him. The stutter of the camera coming connecting to him, his eyes, it was...uncomfortable. That brief blink of black as his vision flashed between security footage to records was enough to cause panic settle through his circuits. It was hard to tell if it was his or T.O.N.Y.'s or both of theirs. It was...complicated.
The hands were on his
Steve could have probably done better than Cl-
"Don't hurt yourself Tony, we both know today will be unpleasant and quite honestly I can see your facade," Strange walked forward as Tony sighed dropping the fake smile.
Tony's eyesight was slowly warming up to the bright white he suddenly saw and realized he was high up...High up? He was never this tall? He could see all of Howard's lab from up here, that couldn't be right. He could see puddles of red splattered across the concrete floor, and the loose wires hanging from the roof, and-
"Pepper...is that concern I hear in your voice?" Tony couldn't help but speak, he could feel a bit of distaste in the back of his mind, but Tony was going to change that soon, if there was one thing it was that Tony knew how to be a little shit, and he was going to make sure this other him knew how too.
But Tony's voice was always somewhat comforting, Tony was always a sign of home, and was one of the first voices Steve heard when he woke up for the first time.
"That boy, The....Spiderboy helped us out, we had called Shield to be ready for medical, but the Spider...kid was able to break into the system. Seemed he was worried for his friend- uhh Mr. Tony- you."
"Hello Pepper." Tony offered. Pepper snapped her head up at his machine, fuck! MS. POTTS. NOT PEPPER! The error scrolled across his vision. He was fucked!
"Stark men are made of iron." Steve whispered, and it felt as if all the air was sucked out with how silent it had gotten. Natasha looked up at Steve with those words. That had been Howard's favorite saying when something bad happened. Steve had heard him say it a couple times back in the war, everytime he was told something had gone wrong and Howard had just powered through, he would smile and say that phrase: Stark men are made of iron.
"So where do we start?" Sam asked.
Steve shook his head when Sam came back and Steve easily grabbed his hand and the elevator passed with a small whoosh and suddenly he was standing above the elevator, the ceiling being opened up, Right...time to...time to get Tony back online. Steve jumped down as Sam flew back up, and Steve walked through the open elevator doors.
"Oh...I don't know...about that, the other guy-"
Okay...Okay he could do this, he had his rumbas, they would be enough to protect him...who was he kidding he couldn't attack Steve or Pepper, even Natasha. None of them, he could never attack them.
Tony Stark the merchant of death, and mistake.
Was that so hard to ask for?
"That is a good question....does all our memories revolve around this man?" Bruce asked his...as Clint called it the 'science face' slipped onto his face.
Tony nodded at that and sighed, he knew he had his hands brought up to his eyes, but he couldn't feel it...he couldn't feel anything. Just the coldness on his back...and the pain....so much pain in his head...
When had the kiiid gottenn so close? His face was sad...why was he sad? his eyes were leaking.....leaking.....oozing....
"Well look...this dome...this metal? It has no actual wires connected to it, it's all show....There is no actual electricity running through this dome?" Bruce slowly scooted to the right and slipped through the bent metal Steve had pried open earlier. Steve slowly inched closer, it felt...so so wrong getting closer to the dome. He had done this....he had hurt Tony.
̶#̸d̸e̸f̴i̸n̶e̷ ̵D̴E̷F̸A̶U̸L̴T̶_̴R̵E̴B̵O̷O̵T̶_̸M̷O̵D̴E̸
It was then he got an alert flashing before his eyes, bright red and physically hurting. He found himself flickering through all the cameras through the tower to find the issue.
"Hello, Mr. Tony." Tony just sighed, on one hand it was probably better than Mr. Stark, but really Peter always put Mr. in front of everything.
"What?" Steve asked, ah, there was that tone again.
Tony couldn't....He didn't feel like he was existing. It was cold and numb.
"Steve if it was going to be this easy, it wouldn't be called the secret archives now would it?"
"Mr. Tony wh-what is this?"
"I need to erase Iron Man from this timeline." Tony offer,
̴i̶n̶t̷ ̶r̴e̸b̴o̵o̷t̵_̴d̵e̶f̶a̶u̶l̸t̴ ̷≠ ̴1̸;̷
"Now now, don't be like that, this is going to be a fun conversation a fun one!" Tony offered.
Since the nightmares....
came from Clint.
"Stark, I need you to breathe, there, there is one but I wouldn't-"
And then it got so so much worse. Tony had never felt such pain before, it was worse than when he had had his chest ripped open, it was worse than when he was slowly dying, worse than when the scarlet witch ripped his head open and pulled out things that weren't meant to moved. It was even worse than when Steve had slammed that shield into him over and over again.
Howard scowled at that, as if Tony's words had given rise to a new creature within Howard, something fouler than anything Tony had seen before. Something deep and hidden away, gathering hatred like dust, waiting for it's moment to finally make it's dreams come true.
So Howard had somehow made the arc reactor. Seemed a little far fetched but, there was no one else. Tony had seen the video, Obadiah had not seen or known about Tony's...death. SO he was clearly not apart of it, but...Howard had wanted to use Tony. That's what AI him had said before he had been shut down. Howard had wanted to use Tony...for what?
So Tony got up and slowly stalked over to the lab to look into the cold concrete construction.
Peter looked up and away from Tony and Tony's vision blurred as Peter flopped back on his bed and held Tony above his head.
ERROR
Thank you everyone again for supporting, you all honestly make everything so much better, I've been thinking of possibly opening up my Twitter to do some fanart of my stories and to easily talk to you all, let me know if I should!
"And not the others?" Ms Potts persisted.
He could see Howard, despite the quality of his...vision...dropping dramatically. But it was clearly Howard. He couldn't forget that imposing figure even if he tried. Now this lab he recognized, it was to distinct to forget, from the back of his memory from when he was a kid. Howard had his hands deep in wires and a glass of scotch next to him, smoke coming from a cigar barely staying in his mouth as he worked. The usual then.
.....
Suddenly there were hands on him, hands on his arms and legs, and the
His eyesight became monochromatic, and suddenly he was glancing through a traffic cam. He could see Peter and that friend of his....Ned was it? Each with their giant back packs and talking as they walked down the street.
Oh wow this took longer than I thought it would. I've had a lot happen and school as been incredibly busy  and I got sick for a bit, but I'm happy to say I finally finished this up.
"Excuse me?" Director Fury called out, all the Avengers were standing in battle positions. Tony tried to speak but another electric shock ran through like an iron nail through his brain.
Steve was so so thankful when Bruce started to move forward towards the elevator and the green tint on his fingers disappeared...
He was standing, and already wasn't that a sight for sore eyes. He was talking to some new recruits at what was quite clearly an Air force base.
enum reboot_type reboot_type = BOOT_ACPI;
"Just wait and see kid...you're almost there." Peter landed on the side of the Tower, and luckily for him Tony had made sure not to set off the alarms, Tony purposely rose the elevator to the highest floor, and unsealed the windows.
Steve turned his head slightly to the right to see a young boy in a blue and red suit...how did this kid get in here? His face was tear stricken and he looked utterly devastated with his body curling in on itself. His hands had fallen to the floor and where curled into fists and his mouth was ajar, Steve had done this.
There was static all over in his words, Steve couldn't even understand what Tony was saying anymore. It was so loud and broken and drowning in static, but                                    Steve could still understand that it was filled with pain. And suddenly it was just static and then silence. The lights on the dome going out, Tony was....gone...
Steve felt sick, those nightmares had been real....another him....
No.......
He could see the limbs scramble and fight ro stay up
His head throbbed and burned and yet Tony couldn't do a thing about it, when had his upper lip gotten so wet? His eyes began to water at the pain- or was it the harsh light? The headache that was resulted in the pain began behind his eyes and reached the back of his neck, making black spots dance around his eyes. It was surprising how cold Tony felt despite the hot searing pain in his body, the world around him was soo
I'm sorry this took so long, I was in school and work, and I just joined a Game team so I literally do not have a lot of free time, I was able to get this in during Spring Break honestly. But thank you again to everyone who has been supporting me, and commenting and reading, you alone keep me writing this story. And again sorry for the delay!
̶#̸i̸n̷c̸l̶u̸d̷e̷ ̴<̵l̶i̷n̸u̶x̷/̵a̷r̸c̷h̵i̸v̶e̴.̷h̸>̴
"No, no reason, it's just...it's six o'five. Why didn't you wake me up at six?" He tilted his head. Tony couldn't answer. He wasn't sure...this was still all too new to him. something else was suddenly poking his mind like an electric shock, another voice whispering in his mind,
- - - -
Wait...It wasn't a game, he was hiding...he was hiding for knocking over that dri-
Peter was already sputtering before Tony could even think to speak again, "Wha-when-How-Have you always been able to talk Mr. Phone? Becuase I know that there's that Siri voice, but you don't sound like Siri voice, and when did you-How did you even? Oh my god, This could mean so much- my phone has developed a voice of its own."
Nothing could stop Steve.
And an even bigger threat to Peter's life. Well first thing was first, find out if Spider Boy existed.
Natasha nodded but then put on a focused look on her face, which really only consisted of her eyebrows furrowing.
"How did you pick the name Tony?-" Peter raised a hand to the metal dome,"-can I touch you?" Peter asked starry eyed. Tony wish he could shake his head, he missed this kid's goofiness.
Tony flickered to how long before the Quinjet arrived...thirty minutes. He had thirty minutes to figure this out, an error screen kept flashing, he had an errand he needed to follow. But he had deleted that code that didn't allow him to ignore it, meaning he was free to do as he chose. And as much as he was...uncomfortable with Barnes the other him, the AI, wanted to help he can...remember Barnes being apart of this team for a while now...
Tony watched as his vision flickered and was suddenly improved dramatically, there was no longer a hint of pixels. He watched the rumbas panic and even his incredibly dumb robot arms try and follow along. That's when he noticed it.
and Tony obeyed.
8̸̨̐2̸̛͎%̸̱̀ He was 01100100 01101001 01110011 01100001 01110000 01110000 01100101 01100001 01110010 01101001 01101110 01100111
"Get to the point Steve, I've had not so great nightmares."
Here...here he wasnt Iron man...he was Anthony Stark...he was just Tony, a battery for an AI.
"You? Remember?" Tony whispered out so shakily it stumbled out of his lips and would have been swept off in the wind if that air hadn't been so stagnant. Steve's nod was enough to cause the tears finally flow from Tony's eyes..it was surprising how liberating that was....to just cry everything out at the end.
Let me know what you think of this chapter!
Steve was...cradling him...
"Well first thing is first, we need to get the tower back and running again." Sam stated confidently right, they needed to fix this mess.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was safe then.
"Not much of a Split, seemed all but two." Clint gestured and Natasha shook her head.
"STARK!"
"Trust me Romanoff, it's will not, and no amount of threats or trickery will get me to tell you." He took in a deep breath, "The fact you haven't figured it out already is quite disappointing, I suppose that's why I have a job, since you all have been quite incompetent." Steve could only blink at that. They were being...insulted??? For what?! Wanting the truth??!
"You're undercover name..." Clint tried, and he said, "I have a memory of when I was watching Thor, but this time you weren't with me....I remember Phil telling me that you were working undercover..."
Surprisingly it was Steve that seemed to not be freaking out as much. "Tony...have you been...acting as less human..." Tony didn't know what to say to that, he could say yes, he could say yes. But that fear came again, the one from the AI version of him. He couldn't, he couldn't, he
Steve, Natasha and Clint all looked back at each other. Clint talked first, "He tried to pull a prank...he had hacked into Shield."
'We're here to talk about Tony" Natasha glanced back at Steve and Clint. Ms. Potts tilted her head and raised an eyebrow at that. "It appears he has been hacked." Natasha offered.
"It appears he has been hacked." Natasha spoke up to Pepper. Great, and now they were telling on him, which could not be good, Pepper would know about Tony, she always did. He was willing to bet Pepper would be able to call his bullshit. And how did they even get here without him knowing?
And that's it, it's short but I have a lot of homework to get to and I wanted to get this posted so you all didn't have to wait to long. Also more focus on Steve this chapter, but it's important to look at before we get to the whole mystery section. Also just to look at the effects of this merged world with the other characters.
Yeah well it is until you can actually understand a joke, Stank- oh and didn't that just put an ice pick through his heart, that didn't happen, Rhodey wasn't his friend, and there had been no delivery man, and there had been no letter since there had been no damned Civil War.
All this time he waited for a hero, for magic...and when he was taken from the world, they showed up, as if Tony was never meant to be apart of them.
"He asked me to tell him all of Howard's main secrets that I had stored in my archives." Pepper brought one hand up and tapped her chin softly.
"And then the actual morality of the situation, am I a-" "Kid!" "-slave owner now, keeping Mr. Phone here against his own will? What if he wan-" "KID!" "ts his own life, what if- GASP- what if he doesn't want to be Mr. Phone, how did this happen!?"
ERROR
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wait! What? AI! Where!?" Ned shouted out looked Like a child on Christmas day.
He flickered to the communal living room and turned the TV on an flipped it to the cartoons he knew Clint loved to watch so often, ignoring the coding and errand scrolling on the side of his vision.
"I asked, which one of you dumbasses hacked into my database?!" Damn was Fury pissed.
Tony slowly sat himself on the white floor, it felt like air but there was a significant feeling of cold on his thighs. So Howard had killed him...and the conscious known as T.O.N.Y. was running the system. That meant...Tony's body was still...connected?
EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL(emergency_restart);
Why did Tony's head hurt so much -
"Yes."
The tower was on lock down and in those seconds between of loss of power and alarm, something had slipped inside.
̸s̵t̴r̷u̷c̵t̴ ̶p̶i̶d̴ ̶*̷c̴a̸d̴_̴p̴i̸d̵;̷
he had destroyed him- there was no way of getting him back online anytime soon.
Steve had to shake his head at that. There was those weird dreams about the fake battle of New York.
So....6_Never detach the mainframe download from the power source_
Tony was still connected to Peter's phone and honestly what a miracle that was. Tony wasn't left alone in the dark again, and miraculously not dead.
Here it is, its a small chapter, but this one is important, let me know what you think! And thank you everyone who has been so supportive and commented, it really made my week better and really pushes me to write more sooner.
Yes, everything you have on this lab.
"Is it you staying in my phone!? AM I AN AVENGER!? Is this like a test? A trial run!? Cuz I swear I would be such a good hero!" Peter pleaded doing wild gestures as he started to make his pitch.
The light started to clear out, the blurring effect was clearing up and slowly Tony could see, but his eyes sight was..different. The world looked like it was through a camera, pixelated in a way that only a camera could show. It was the kitchen from the compound. Tony had a down view of the kitchen as if he was high up, he turned to look down the hall still standing from his spot. He couldn't move that fast his head...or not exactly his head, but something close to it.
wait.
"Excuse me?" Natasha leaned forward and gestured towards Clint with a raised eyebrow and a head tilt. Steve looked back at Clint who was now sucking on his fingers one by one after finishing his pizza, and man was that just....
What...
"Clint! Stop popping up on me!" Steve didn't have time for this! He just wanted to know what was happening!
Just a simple switch of words honestly, it was that easy! A little too easy honestly...But Tony wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. He really needed this to work...he was
"I can not say." Ms. Potts looked shocked as Tony stated his answer dully.
dark.
"Yes, Howard, like I said, was a paranoid man. He was frightened that someone would get inside Tony and steal all of his recordings and steal his inventions, back when Howard wasn't confident in his security system he built in. Tony never records and can't see into rooms that are blacked out, it is also for privacy." She offered picking a remote like device on her desk. "Tony, Black out mode." She offered and they watched as the lights flickered again.
He could feel
"He's brain dead...you mean?"
It had been empty the whole time? That...what had Steve done? He had...he
"My greatest creation." Right....Sir made him, made him to help people, to serve. Tony wanted to serve, he wanted to be good, he liked the way Sir looked at him with pride.
Right...So they had no guarantee that T.O.N.Y. wouldn't die....Another kid murdered by his creator...
"Mr. Barton, coffee will soon be ready in the communal Kitchen." He offered knowing how much Natasha loved her coffee despite hiding it behind her prestigious and emotionless persona. Natasha did look up at him with a raised eyebrow.
"I think I was...undercover? All my memories are me being called Natalie-"
Natasha looked even more concerned when next she whispers, "But no matter how hard I try...I don't remember Bruce being there." Steve dragged his eyes over to Bruce and Bruce nodded.
So Steve was his winner, but how to get this to work, anything he tried AI him would probably try and stop him. Which was already going to be a big fucking pain in his ass. Tony was going to have to work around it, he was going to have to be smart about all of this. He'd wait for Steve to be alone and then...well he'd figure it out when he got to that point.
Electricity didn't like Father at all...there was no singing involved when Howard held out his hand, there was no humm or buzz of love but only frustration at being manipulated into the joints Father wanted the electricity to have.
"So...someone....got rid of this man. But why? And who was he? Let's think." Bruce told them, oddly calm despite the fact that this was by far a terrible stressful situation.
Placing the pizza's in the car Steve got in the back as Clint and Natasha got in, Natasha didn't even wait for them to put on their seat belts before she started to speed off. SHEESH was she driving fast! Steve almost fell over, scrambling to catch the pizza's from falling.
was making things difficult. It...
Natasha shook her head, and said "I think I found something before....I remember seeing the brunette man, dying? But he looked the youngest in these memories." Natasha offered.  She looked contemplative and she sighed as Clint looked over at that.
Sorry this took so long, I got strep throat and then got the flu and spent my holidays completely sick.. And then when I finally got to writing I hit a complete writers block.
He just needed to think. He needed to search his archives.
Steve looked emotional- it was hard to read exactly what emotion it was. It looked complex, an amalgamation of complex emotions that just left Steve in a state of confusion. So confusion. That was the emotion Tony was settling on. Confusion.
"No, asshole, with the Avengers, I thought that was obvious, but clearly I should've known you wouldn't have gotten it seeing as you can't even deduce who would have requested such a merge." What. an. Asshole.
Happiness. The state of being happy. Happy. Feeling or showing pleasure or contentment. That...would be nice.
It was cold...so
"Tony."
! That means! That Anthony stark! Is! Not! Dead!" Tony shouted pacing back and forth, whipping around to glare at the husk of a body next to him.
Right. It didn't matter, this world wasn't really his, it was a new world where the Avengers would never have to suffer his bad decisions, his failures, and that multiple of families were still alive, seeing as the merchant of Death never lived past seven years old.
45% Why couldn't he th01101001 01101110 01101011 00001101 00001010 His hea00100000 01100100 01101000 01110101 01110010 01110100
And Tony had gotten slightly over the death of his mother, well not really, it was fucked up, his mother had not deserved that. But, Barnes...he had no choice , Barnes had been brainwashed and more controlled then anyone else.
So thank you again everyone!
"I-" damn did this error screens
True monsters when together.
It was strange, while he had fought with both Bucky and Steve, he was still more afraid of Steve in this situation. Maybe it was because he had no real attachment to Bucky before the universes merged. But Steve's betrayal was so...it was better to not think about it, in this form he couldn't drown all his sorrows in alcohol, so it was best not to think about it.
Merged? You....merged the universes, no, you had a man do it for you. Doctor Strange.
"But that's...that's not possible Nat, we- we've used that...We know he records, we've had him replay recordings..."
"Of course Captain." Tony quickly flickered to Natasha's room to see her asleep in her bed, she looked tensed and stiff, a nightmare most likely.
Oh hell no, enough with that
N̴̢̨̛͔͍̪͍͉͇͈͇̖̬̦̯̰͙̝͖̜̹̗̦͕͎̹̘̦̹̬̮̻̖̙̖̼̲̈́͌̌̉͜͝o̶̬̦̞̼͈̽͗͆̽̆́̒̋̂̍̂̏͗̓̃̄͋̿̍͆̐̀̃̈̍̀̈̉̈͊͘͠͝͝͠t̴̢̧̢̰̦͔̜̫͇̹͖̥͖̹͕̜͎͕̥͍͙̟͕̜͚̱̲͕͆̎͋̌̽͜ͅͅḧ̵̨̛͈̫̼̱̠͙͎̺̘̜̰͔̮̥́͐͂̏̍̂̀̇͐͛̑̿̑͋͂̃͌̃̋̍̂̿̎̒̿͒̂͘i̶̧̢͖͓͙̺̰̘̖̥͈̩̮͉͖̝̪̣͙͓̯̜̥̺̩͉͎̱̯̬̠̺̦͖̤͕͉͌͐͆̓͆̑̒̋̈́̅͒̉͊̐̆̈́̉̕̚͠͝ͅͅn̷̢̛̖̯̜̺̫̳͙̤̪̹̺͖̠̞̠̦̟͓̟̝̟͚͇̘͇̗̩̮̰̥͚̭̺̄͒̒͒̀̊̕g̷̡̨̨̥̯̟͚̙̭̹̻̬̳͔̜̖͍̝̖̟͎̰̣͍͍͓̲̜͛̔͝ ̸̨̛̥̤̫̜̲̣̻̝͓̽͋̏̌̔̎͊̉͗̕̚͜͜͝ç̷̛͉̟͉̞̪̣̬͚͈̹͉̣̱̮̰͓͍̘̾̄̍͐͗̌̔͛́̑̍̈́͆̔̃̓̋͌̐̽̇̇̌̈́͠͝ͅơ̴̡̛͇̟̪̰̱̳̪͍̮̩͋͐͆͆͌̈́̽̆̍̐͊̋̌̚̕͝͝ͅu̷̢̡̡̢̡̢̲̻̥͉͉̗̗̭̝͖̦͚͕̺̙̤̙̜̱͕̙̝̟̘̺̭̤͉̞̯̘̝̎̿̋̾̐̒̅̇̿̓̑͆̒̊͒͊̃̐̓͘̕̕͠ͅl̷̢̛͔̫͉͈̜̪͍̹̤̦̙̮̮͕̤̝͇̥͈̲̫̪̯̫̤̟̜̳̦̗̹̺̬̩̮͕̱̙̙͈͎̬̻̃̈́̊̏̔͑̒̒̑̍̍̀̑͗̏̽͊̍̋͆̿͗̈̉̀͊̓͆͐́͊̄̐̈́̂̚͜͝ͅd̶̨̢̡̫͙̥̤̦̳̙̤̦͇͎͍̬͍̙͍͓͇͔͇͈̙̙̤̓̎̉̔̈́̍̈̇̾̂̍̂͛̊͆̽͆̓͒̈̑̀͌̄̃̕̕͘͜ ̵̨͇̮̲̻̯͕̟̟̙̘̝̗̳̭̫̪̣̗̻̖̤̗͈̞̰̺̗̳̥͎̘̖͕̝̦͎̰̰̣̟̻̤̮̊̾̿̓̋̌͛͗̒͐̇̇͑̔̌̚ͅͅs̷̥͓̜͓̹̞͔̘̄̀͋̏̊̎͗̋̀̊̈́̾͗͐͗͆̃̌̏͑̑̌͒̽̌͆̋̽̿̏̊̎̂̏̂͌̔̈́͛̚͝͝t̴̛̛̛̹̪̦̣͋̈̓̽̓̓̑́̃̚ơ̷̢̟̭͈̙̟̜̊͛̐̐̒̌͒͗̀̂̒̈͒͒̂̑͂̐͛̒̊̾̾̐̓͗̒͌̍̔̃̚̕͘͜͝͝͠͝͠p̸̢̡̛̰̪͕͕͔̲̞͓̲̞̥̬̜̰̗̝̺̩͈̖̺̜̣̙̼̙̥͕̠̳̞̻̹̄͐̾͋̌͐͆̏͋̎̾̆̈̓̀̇̎̄͐̈́̊̇̋͒͋̉̋̅̍̅̍̄̂͌̍̔̕̕̚͝ͅ ̷̨̡̡̛̟͇̦͍̙͇̣̙̣͇̣͙̗̰̲͔̖̭͕̻̖̱̻̤̩̲̥̭͙̺̥̜̠̮̲̋͆̿̃̎͒͋̉̈͑͑̈̇̔̃̓̔̽̃̇̄̈́̀̂̚͜͝͠͠S̷͎̋̋̽̑͑̎̈́̊̃͌̎̇͛̏̒͋̊̀̽̈́̿̎̇̈́̾͂̍͛̆̊͝͠͠t̸̡̢̝͖̟̫̺̯͔̬̦̒̉̔͑̍̽͐̏͂́̉̓̔̏͊̂̀̋̽͊̓̕͜͠ͅe̸͖͕̒̎̊͂͊͛̅̎̀̀͊͊͂̈́͒̌͆̎̉͐̊͂͑̅͂̋͑̎̌͒͒͠͝͝͠͝v̴̼̲̲͇̖̞̭̯͌̎̉̑̔͊̈́̌̏̓͗̃́̑͊̌̌̏̇͆̈̄̉̇̀́͛͘̕̕̚͝͝͝͝ȩ̴̡̨̡̪̯̲͉̹̞̳̬̩̯͕͙̥̜̠̱̼͙̗̬͚̩̹̦͎͔̩̤̜̤̳̖̗̰̋̀͗̈́̿̄̋̍̂͠ͅ
"Yes Steve we know that."
So Steve bobbed his leg up and down waiting for Natasha. The Tv was on, but he didn't know what it was on too, he honestly wasn't paying attention.
He was scared....he wanted Jarvis
"Please calm down everyone I have set up my helpers to reattach Bucky's arm." Tony offered with what he assumed sounded like a comforting voice. Natasha pulled out her widow bites and even Steve was moving for his shield.
THAT WAS IT! CONTROL! Tony flicked to the end of the code, he needed to get started on that coding. He could hear the Rumbas scrambling even faster with his new words and numbers. Tony kept entering the new code, and was amazed at how fast the code was coming together. Without having to wait for his fingers to move the coding was compiling together from thought alone. It was amazing! He could get this coding done faster than he could even imagine.
Howard slowly walked backwards with that slight smirk painted on his lips, and tugging at his eyes with a sense of joy Tony had never seen expressed on him before, and while it looked deranged it was the happiest Tony had ever seen Howard look at him, and that made it all worth it. When Howard finally turned around and turned off the lights to leave Tony became basked in the darkness and his thoughts. Funny...wasn't it....
"Okay kid, It's gonna be okay, I need you're help okay" Tony asked softly, he was going to get all the answers he wanted,
"As I was saying, you have a mission, seems that Falcon and Barnes got themselves in a situation and need you to bail them out." Fury stated, "Coulson should be there about now with your briefing." he stated and without even a good bye he was gone. Tony felt a small poke and he flickered too the main door and elevator camera.
"Oh god....I think...I need to leave." Steve could hear Bucky choking and loosing his control.
It would be a month later before Tony was deemed fit enough to leave the Hospital. His muscles was tolerant enough and Tony had already started planning on some new bionic legs for himself, just like the Iron man suit had used to look like, But the first thing Tony had done was shave his infamous goatee back into his face. It was important.
But Father only listened when he was in a good mood, and that meant doing his calculus, even if the numbers kept switching on him.
He was covered in blood.
"Are they going to explode?" Steve couldn't help but utter out, 4, 3.
Nothing was adding up. What...what was happening? This made no sense, he heard the rules, there had to be archives! There had to- "Whoa that's weird." Steve couldn't help the jump away from Clint as he seemed to manifest out of no where.
"Hey Facial Hair Bro, welcome to the party zone!" Tony opened his arms out to welcome the Doctor to his Lab.
Tony suddenly became to aware of the long and invading tube down his throat. Tony felt choked all of a sudden, he could feel the tube inside his throat and while it seemed familiar to the point that the brushing of the tube against the back of his throat reminded him to much of that
Strange- ever the cryptid wizard as he was had learned from the ancient one how to work in more mysterious ways than god at this point. But he had succeeded, he had never merged the universes to punish Tony- to fix the timeline- no that would be easy to fix with time travel, The  real reason...was about acceptance, about love, Tony had finally accepted himself as a human and as the machine- as had the rest of the Avengers- finally finding their home, all the splinters finally coming together to make a perfect home. Strange could finally smile in peace.
That was catch 22 though. On one hand he wants to say how awesome it is to be an AI since he felt no exhaustion and was able to work the whole night. But at the same time, he felt the never ending process of his brain running. It was frustrating, couldn't he have the ability to stay up endlessly and not have his brain feel like it was on all the damn time?
"I already did. I would prefer not to repeat myself." Strange breathed out with the most pompous air Steve had ever witnessed in his life, and he had punched Nazi's.
"Yes. A war, a Civil War to be exact." That sure got some reactions, Bruce sucked in a tight breath and looked away.
It felt wrong.
Steve was in the gym, and Bruce was in the lab as usual. Tony needed to get started on his plan, but...now was probably not the time. When he observed Steve, it was quite clear he was dealing with some shit. If it was Howard or Bucky wasn't clear. But now was not the time, the Avengers needed a cool down day, a slow easy day where nothing happened, and by god was he going to give it to them. He had stressed them out with the hacking and then the Bucky shenanigans and the whole reset debacle.
Tony couldn't make Sir mad,
Strange only sighed in response and ran his fingers down his face in exhaustion.
What?
"Tony, Activate Protocol Honesty Is The Best Policy." Tony felt the rumbas whirl to life and he felt a strong stab in his back. His vision became tinted with green and he couldn't pull away even if he tried. He was stuck. So much coding was scrolling past his vision he couldn't even read it as his vision was trained on Pepper and Pepper alone.
Was that so hard to ask for?
Tony felt like he was reaching forward, but it was unlike anything he had ever experienced before, as if electricity was running through him and almost like a shot of adrenaline Tony felt the bed move and the lights flicker inside himself, in his chest, where the arc reactor had once sat. He watched Clint slowly wake up and swing his legs over the bed and rub his eyes trying to wipe out the exhaustion. A new set of strings of coding scrolled past his vision detailing the date, weather, time, and current location. Clint reached over and grabbed small hearing aids and fiddled with them and then slowly stood up.
But it had worked, it had worked, Clint was back, the others must be as well. A new light entered Tony's vision, like a hologram from his Iron Man helmet. Coding; not unlike Friday's or Jarvis's. Tony looked as the coding scrolled to reveal an errand: an alarm.
"Well look...this dome...this metal? It has no actual wires connected to it, it's all show....There is no actual electricity running through this dome?" Bruce slowly scooted to the right and slipped through the bent metal Steve had pried open earlier. Steve slowly inched closer, it felt...so so wrong getting closer to the dome. He had done this....he had hurt Tony.
Scrolling down through the coding, Tony scanned all the coding in the-
With a soft dawning realization, he began to understand that...that...he was in a Hospital...that...that was good. Tony struggled for a moment, his breathing became labored as if suddenly it was like reality was crashing into him, no longer was he numb but
"Yes! About that! This is going to sound weird but do you have any dreams about a man with a metal armor?" Steve asks softly, if they both were having them then maybe it was something new.
just Tony, and Tony deserved a chance! A chance to be
"Right! Ned let's go to my place, Aunt May is out for a bit." Omg....they were going
Shit, Tony had been gone for too long. Tony's sight flickered again back to the communal kitchen.
Why? That was his own family? And then...T.O.N.Y. had sounded human, and....then to find out T.O.N.Y. lied about knowing about Bucky's arm.
So Spider Man existed. That was good to know, but also....disappointing. That meant Tony's life wasn't enough to fix everything for Peter. Peter deserved to have a full and happy family.
The soft click of Sir's shoes as the landed on the concrete floor had never felt so foreboding before.
"Here!" Natasha shouted, and in one swift move she rolled out the car and landed in a ready position, how did she do that? Clint wasn't nearly as graceful as he flipped out of the car and sliding over the hood like the acrobat he was. Steve just stumbled nearly knocking the pizza over as he did so. Natasha gracefully brushed herself off and started to walk forward. Steve and Clint followed closely behind.
8̸̨̐2̸̛͎%̸̱̀
He didn't hear Natasha screaming his name as he watched the dome dent inwards, nor did he hear the scream of a young boy who came out of hiding behind some debris. He didn't feel the small mechanical arms reaching at him trying to tear him away as he punched again and again
That was good though, Rhodey was safe, he'd make sure to keep tabs on him, but last was Peter, and Tony could just feel it, Peter was going to be a disaster when he found him.
Natasha looked down at the list and clicked her tongue.
"Hello Tony." Pepper stepped forward, her heels clicked on the concrete floor, it made him even more nervous. Steve and Natasha flanked her sides almost like body guards, Tony was willing to be Happy was somewhere outside looking the exact same.
Steve was the last one to speak, "He fixed Bucky's arm, the Winter Soldier's arm...only Hydra has that information..." Ms. Potts froze at that looking utterly horrified.
It was a law....and...Tony, Tony always seemed to freak out when it came down to his laws. Natasha looked over at Steve and held his eye level. Steve had made Tony break a law....God...what was going on with him?
..oh....
Thank you everyone who has kept up with this story, let me know what you think, and were you able to guess what happened?
"I have memories...memories like you, but...I have different ones, ones you haven't mentioned. I have memories of working with him, sitting next to him and having long nights in my lab next to him. I have memories of him laughing and smiling and telling these-" Bruce stifles a soft chuckle, "-stupid, awful jokes, I just have this repeating sentence of him calling me the Strongest Avenger" And Bruce looks so sad when he laughs there.
"Yes."
take him.
Steve looked over at that, Shwarma, he didn't know what that was.
_Mainframe Connection Current.active =
Tony liked electricity...he liked the way it crackled in the air and the way it settled in the floor. He liked the way it built up to be stronger than anything, but how it started so small. He liked the way it spoke; how it raised his hairs and sung.
"That is not possible." Tony could hear his own voice sounded out blandly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You've all had nightmares that started as of a week ago." It wasn't a question....Steve felt sick, they hadn't been nightmares.
" Steve screamed out to all of them hoping they would catch on. All that stared back at him were blank stares. Then slowly Natasha's eyes slowly widened catching on, seeing such an expression crawl on her face was odd enough in itself, but he was too ecstatic to see recognition on her face.
"You're.... a copy...the copy...my conscious from that moment when I was kid...downloaded..."
Why couldnt he see?
"I was just asking..." Sheesh...Natasha probably needed coffee, turning back towards the kitchen and, ugh...Clint was chugging the milk from the carton. How did this man hack into Howard's computer let alone become an Avenger. It made no sense. But Steve should probably give Natasha sometime to sort through it all, and making her some coffee just sounded in good taste. Standing up and heading to the kitchen to make said coffee was when Steve finally saw Clint put the milk carton back in the fridge...Steve was going to throw that out later.
He needed to focus right now, he had a job. And that was fixing Bucky up.
Steve's head was ringing, had he said that outloud?
Oh that was helpful, Tony could get that prepared for him in the morning. Tony never stayed with Bucky, in fact the last he saw of him was when he had blown off his metal arm in Siberia. Back when...Steve...
"I apologize Captain Rogers it won't happen again." he offered and his vision flickered away again to land on Bruce passed out over his desk in his lab, a pen still in his hand and his fingers twitching as if even in his sleep he was trying to write down his findings. That same warmth was suddenly flooding Tony again.
"Well Mr. Tony I was going to call him, but well...then I would have to put you to my face, and I don't know if you even work while on the phone? What if you are like an app, and I accidentally close you and kill you, and you're gone."
"Steve...you need to see this." Natasha's voice called Steve back who instantly raced back to her side. What on earth could she have found that made her that nervous sounding. Even Clint looked on edge at hearing Natasha sound that way.
"What?"
"Mr. Tony! Did you make this for me! It's amazing! I love it so much! Thank you Thank you Than-" "Kid I get it, you are just enthralled by my abilities, but does the suit fit right?"
The name Stark tied him to Howard and what a curse that was in itself. He wanted freedom, he didn't want these anchors pulling him down and telling him how he couldn't be good or do anything right since he held the legacy and blood of Howard Stark.
"Howard wanted to use Ton-" and his vision flickered and he felt like he had been sucked out of his body, like an astral projection almost, or what he assumed it would feel like. But slowly a light started to filter in his vision a light blue. Was he coming back to the cameras? No....this was different. The light got more into focus and Tony's 'eyes' got used to the bright light in the vast sea of black.
"You worthless pile of shit! I said get UP!" The world was suddenly upside down as Sir dragged Tony up by the arm and Tony could feel as he pulled him onto a operating table.
"I don't have memories about that at all...I remember working on something with this man...then...I remember being in a ship with...Thor? And I was naked...The Hulk had been there..." He shook his head at that, seemed more confused then ever.
He couldn't feel the other him anymore....the absence was almost....captivating, it hurt, hurt so much more than the ache in his legs and the stabs in his mind.
No it was wrong to do what he was doing, he needed to get back, he needed to go back to his job, his purpose.
"Look, Howard was a paranoid person, he never wrote anything down when he made Tony and when he died, all information about Tony went with him." And that was even less surprising.
"Mr. Tony where are you?"
kmsg_dump(KMSG_DUMP_EMERG);
That was clear.
"Rogers, you've been holding out on us."
Hey Wall E! Can you get me inside a phone?
"What?" Man was that tone nostalgic, he always loved Steve's confused tone, it usually meant Tony would be able to go on a talking science binge.
And he got beaten down farther, lower than he had ever been before, And suddenly it had hit him, back in that cave.
"I know you have just lost all hope in this, but there's a reason Clint is always my partner in everything. You can never underestimate dumb luck."
"That is not possible."
-.....
Strange sat poised and side glanced over to Bruce with a slow and calculated head tilt.
"I SAID SHOW ME THE SECRET ARCHIVES!"
Where was he?
6̵̨̘̖̘͌̅͝7̷̗̓̾̎̏̕%̸̳̭̲̳͈͔͖̓̓̾͝
It whirled to life as Tony watched, Howard scowling,
"No Captain, I apologize that wasn't me, someone hacked into my system, I apologize for the door, my system went into automatic shutdown when I felt the intruder." That didn't really feel like him either, but I guess that was the new him now, not fully him all the time. Damn he shouldn't have done this, he should've called medical, he just didn't understand subtlety, or hell the word moderation-the avoidance of excess or extremes, especially in one's behavior or political opinions- thanks AI him.
"Ms. Potts told me you would be here, follow me" he called as he started to walk out of the elevator. They passed multiple offices until finally coming to a double door entrance way, the man, Happy, pushed one door open to show a strawberry blonde woman sitting at a desk working on paper work. She looked up and smiled softly at the three.
.......
When Tony slipped again he felt his whole world flip on itself. He knew he didn't want to be Tony Stark or Iron Man but something was softly tugging at his heart, something whispering in his soul, that being just an AI wasn't really what he wanted.
"Yes, but I would suggest...no more override protocols, I find...It really puts me against myself." Tony joked. The other him feeling even more distaste. Lighten up!
"Right, is everything okay Tony? Are you due for an update soon?" He asked looking a bit stiff. Coding scrolled down and one of the strings flashed red. He...did need an update.
"aaaaaaAAAAAAAAA
"Okay kid, fine, you've convinced me, Call him in or whatever, just hurry okay, we don't have a lot of time."
I'm sorry for any spelling errors I'm currently writing this at midnight on my phone.
"Theoretically speaking...this dome is nothing but a glorified facade." Bruce spoke his eyes shinning in a way that just screamed his mind was running faster than anyone else could imagine. Bruce kneeled down on the floor and started to knock the cold steel beneath him.
Entering in the name Tony Stark was his first plan, fuck, if he was a robot- an AI wouldn't there be nothing? Tony felt that same fear hit his insides, almost making him feel chilled, as he hit enter.
R̶e̵b̸o̴o̴t̸i̷n̷g̶:̵"̵r̶e̷b̵o̴o̴t̷:̸ ̶"̴ ̵f̸m̸t̵
Strange looked at Tony his eyes pierced into Tony's soul, it was as if he was seeing everything in Tony.
But Dad never listened to the translations...he never listened to the electricity, Tony bet if Dad listened to the electricity he would be able to understand.
"Listen up, I need you to do as I say, I know you are Spider Boy"
"I'm here...I'm here..." Steve whispered in Tony's ear and Tony slowly lifting his own arms around Steve- not that they would be able to reach around fully- and cling onto his shirt. Tony wasn't sure when he fell asleep but by the time he woke up the rest of the Avengers were there with soft smiles, and Tony didn't know what to say, but it seemed to be a mutual understanding between everyone- there didn't need to be words- just acceptance..as a team...as a family.
"There is a call from Director Fury." Tony announced to the team, feeling another poke in his back, he could tell that was the final poke, he could feel the rumbas calm down around his...well...his body.
Bucky. Hell when he arrived on the battle he even looked around for that machine that distinctly reminded him of Doctor Doom. It seemed so much like a premonition.
"THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE!" Steve screamed out, the exhilaration he felt was beyond description. THEY HAD FIGURED IT OUT!
Natasha bounced back on the couch with a small laptop this time, and handed it off to Clint, who simply took it after wiping his hands on his boxers, and ew. Natasha then leaned down to move Clint in the right programs to use on the laptop. This was it...they lost their lead. There was no hope of ever finding answers. Their mission for answers was over. Natasha had lost it. Natasha then turned to Steve with an unimpressed look.
that Steve had gotten himself into.
"So where am I going Mr. Tony?"
AAAAND that's it! The next chapter probably will take much longer since my next few days are going to be incredibly busy. Well what did you think? This wasn't as exciting but we do get some answers. Commenting does keep me incredibly motivated and to everyone that commented before, thank you so much!
"Red man?" Sam asked out, also finally sitting down with Bucky on the floor.
And by the time he became an adult he realized there isn't much time left, so he tried to throw himself in something else, and he thought this would sedate that lust for the fantastical.
Okay Skynet, it's time to quiet down, Daddy is trying to think.
His heart started to speed up and his breath froze in his chest,
Natasha hummed softly but seem to come to a decision.
Third try's the charm right?
"Well for one, that Spider Man I remember him there." That made Steve freeze, so...the Spider man was there as well? Fighting?! How much pain had they put on a child!? "I also remember this Silver Metal Man....Someone in all black, the Brunette man, and...some...Red man."
Also while the next chapter will take a while be looking forward to it since It, for the first time, will not be in Tony's point of view.
"ₙₙ...ₙₒₒₒ.."
"I. DONT. CARE. DO IT." With the harsher tone, Peter finally caught on, and started nodding okay and getting ready, grabbing a backpack and stuffing, yup there it is, that horrible thing, First thing was first when he got Peter back to the Tower, burn it. Peter started heading out of the apartment, running down the steps and then picking up the phone to really look at the phone.
But we didnt want to know.
"As I was saying, you are getting the memories since as if a week ago, this universe collided and merged with another, you have seamlessly become one with your other counterparts." Steve looked over at Bucky...their nightmare...was real, the one of the robotic man... That had happened...someone had hurt Bucky, God someone had hurt Bucky so bad.
3.) Do not act Human.
"Steve...there is no archives. There is no video storage or anything of the sort in this software." Seeing such an expression on Natasha scared Steve senseless. What did she mean there was no storage, no archives. That didn't make sense, Tony was always recording, that was how he was able to remember things, as well as they had used his replay option before.
" He could feel this other being slip farther into his coding, it needed to stop! It needed to leave!
Howard slowly was grumbling and he picked up a saw-
....In fact Peter had said he had forced Ned into breaking into his code, but after hearing about how he weaponized hamsters Tony wasn't to certain that Ned hadn't thought of it himself.
"Howard is responsible for the death of the late Tony Stark." Tony repeated. Steve didn't understand what he was hearing, Howard had killed Tony? His own son? That...that couldn't be right he had mourned!
Strange suddenly stood, and the Avenger's followed suit, Strange looked...disgusted.
"Right, okay, bare with me kid, but I'm going to launch out a signal. I got here from my first time transferring my data into this phone, but there should be a trace back to my original body, since I'm getting updates....or...I think I am, Anyways! I need you to follow my broadcasting signal."
"Tony...I...I'm so sorry...for everything." Steve whispered in Tony's ear and it was so warm on his ear and Tony curled int further into Steve's chest as his heaves of sobs were wracking his body. Suddenly there was those strong hands again, petting Tony's hair and shushing him with soft coos, and for once this was what Tony had always wanted, acceptance as himself, the human....acceptance even his own parents didn't give to him. Tony only wanted that...a home for his soul, one that didn't chain him down like his own body did for him, his own name, his suit...
The phone spun a couple more times, his mind spinning in sync with it.
Okay R2D2, Hook me up.
What had T.O.N.Y. told him before he fell asleep? Something about unplugg-
"How...how do we? Get him help." Steve whispered out to Bruce. Bruce shook his head softly, his skin tinted such a strong green Steve was half under the impression it was the Hulk sitting on the floor.
Yeah... it is...
Why was he remembering that now? Why was his head constantly going back to those weird nightmares of that man. That man with the broken eyes.
Bruce thought about it before finally speaking up. "It was an alternate universe....meaning we are from a split, at one point there was one change that lead to all these different changes, we just have to find out what that change was." Bruce tilted his head, "Meaning like Clint said having this...metal man changed our group to gain more people and then a war from all those people, and me being with Thor."
like a giant snowball falling down a mountain, and then it would
Steve slowly started heading towards the elevator, he didn't have his shield on him, and what a dumb move that had been, reaching a steady but silent hand out he realized with sinking horror; the power was out.
"Clint do not encourage her!" These two were awful together, Thick as thieves, worse than he and Bucky when they were kids.
And that's it! Let me know what you think! This chapter isn't nearly as exciting but WE FINALLY HAVE A REVEAL! THEY FINALLY KNOW ABOUT THE MEMORIES! This chapter was a bit longer, but I wanted to make sure that it was all cleared out and perfect, it's not that exciting but it is an important chapter. We are almost done and I just can't even explain at how important it is that all of you have stuck with this story! It means a lot to me to have so much dedicated and awesome people reading my first fic ever.
oh....
Somewhere along the way the motions started to merge and become second nature to Steve, the vignetting appearing again, the room seemed to pull and stretch...was it cold? They were further into the concrete creating a small crater in the cold floor.
"They are the memories of another you, in another world." Strange offered up and finally opened his eyes to look at them all, this wasn't right.
Oh...okay it was about Bucky. That made sense, he was always so emotional about his friend. Tony understood he had Rhode- OH MY GOD RHODES! Rhodey! How in the fuck could he have forgotten him! He needed to find him! What happened to him!? He'd have to search at the next available moment. He had Pepper safe, and Happy, Oh and the kid! He'd have to see about Peter...Oh the kid was probably all on his own out there with his terrible makeshift suit! He had a lot more searching to do than he thought. Right! Steve.
"What are you Anthony?"
"Kid"
Steve started scrambling to push back the metal dome sheets, trying to close the opening he had just created.
"No. Get in the Elevator." on que, the elevator opened up to let Peter in, who just gaped and looked so bug eyed Tony was sure they would fall out of his head.
"How did I survive?" Tony cut off Steve....he didn't want to hear the victim speech, he had heard it enough already in his life.
"Tony we need to head to Shield Medical not the Compound." Steve offer, Bucky still had his head down and the way he was sheltered next to Steve really showed how much in shock he was in.
"Oh trust me body! I know! I've seen the memories! I know what went down with Daddy Dearest! But If I can merge into this
"I deleted that law." Tony answered defiantly...it sounded...oddly....familiar.
"And after the first attempt and Mr. Lemon didn't make it through we decided that maybe having the ball spin while rocketed wasn't the best idea, poor Mr. Lemon, he will always be remembered, but thats when we started to look for stabilizing factors so when the Hamster ball is propelled forward by the rockets the hamster would be safe! So we did some research and Ned had this
"Ms. Potts will ask the questions, right Steve?" Steve nodded, straightening back up.
Although, Howard was quite furious that the battery was a tad to big for such a small body; Tony had built it for an adult. So of course, some of the ribcage had to go, and so it did. Tony didn't stay awake for that.
And Howard wasn't going to take that away from him, Howard wasn't allowed to mold him into the perfect cookie cutter version he wanted, Tony was fire, and he wasn't going to take shit from someone beyond the grave.
Tony watched helplessly as the body moved and mumbled and crawled and....left.
"I think our best bet is to try and find a way into the archives. T.O.N.Y. said that Stane had found a way to get him to reveal secrets, so all we have to do is hack in just like that. The secret archives should hold almost all the answers." Natasha answered looking up at Steve.
"Kid, get in the elevator."
̸#̸e̸n̷d̶i̴f̶
When Tony heard the elevator coming down to his area, he told the kid to hide, he couldn't let Peter be caught by the Avengers. Who knows how they would treat the kid if they just found him in the tower.
Also I'd like to give a small heads up, my laptop is out of commission and I'm having to write on my phone so I'm so sorry for the spelling errors, I've tried to catch them, let me know if theres any ive missed!
And Enter!_
_Input name....
"What do you mean cosmetic?" Bucky asked behind Steve making Steve jump up in fear. Damn...what was with the Avengers and constantly jumping up behind him??
Steve couldn't think, above the screaming of Tony. It was so loud it drowned out everything Steve was thinking. And the thing is...Steve wasn't thinking...and that scream, it hurt it hurt so badly. Steve finally pulled away looking at what he had done. The dome was torn open, Steve's fingers were imprinted on the metal, and it was dark inside.
"Sam take him out!" Natasha ordered, Steve still frozen in his spot, fingers already ripping through the frayed sheets.
"NO! No, no, no, no, no, you've got it all wrong, the world needs Tony Stark or in replacement someone to stop the Stark weapon production and the Avengers need good technology to be prepared, but If I can stop myself from being in the equation from the Avengers then I can keep them from splitting keep them all there, any ideas" Tony tried to reason.
! That means! That Anthony stark! Is! Not! Dead!" Tony shouted pacing back and forth, whipping around to glare at the husk of a body next to him.
to get out. This wasn't a time for a hide and seek game, Jarvis wasn't coming,
"Guess I have to go to make sure he doesn't run off" Natasha calmly stated and smacked the back of Clint's head, instantly picking up on what was happening and staying completely in control.
Both Steve and Natasha whipped around to look at Clint who was now picking at his nails. How....in the Hell...
"Why?"
Steve suddenly was breathing hard and the small concrete spot he was destroying was no longer just floor, but a gold and crimson metal, shining and moving, flickering, it was so cold, just like the time he had crashed his ship, sinking beyond his bones, and into his soul.
When did....when would someone be brave enough to help him off this cliff.
Or that his AI him couldn't even hate Howard, and that was quite literally the worst thing that could happen to him yet.
Tony couldn't help but blink at that statement, wh-what did that mean? Break a law??
"Look I don't know...well anything about this person in our memories, but...If there is one thing I know, it's about therapy and PTSD, and I could see it in the man....I don't think he was a villain...but a victim. At least in my memory he was, Why would I tell a villain I'm sorry?"
\\6_Never detach the mainframe download from the power source_\\
"I uhhh, Anthon- Tony...why did you merge the universes." Tony froze at that, how....
"So you're saying that....destroying this dome shouldn't have done anything to Tony?" Sam asked out, his wings now easily tucked back into is pack.
"Of course Doctor Banner." The Avengers relaxed and sat back down but Steve still kept looking at Tony but his eyes didn't seem just as blue as they had before.
STEVE PLEASE!
"Did you tell him them?"
̸#̷i̷n̵c̶l̵u̸d̶e̷ ̶<̵l̵i̷n̴u̵x̴/̴s̴y̵s̴c̴a̴l̴l̶s̷.̶h̷>̶
NO, no, he was a security system! A security system! An AI. That was IT!
"Although..." she thought for a moment. Natasha instantly froze.
2.) Do not talk about Tony Stark.
But everyone was looking at Steve expectantly...well...someone had to do it, and Steve supposed he was the best for it.
You always think...if I was in this situation, I'd see the warning signs! I'd be smarter...
Howard was ecstatic! And in turn so was Tony!
Tony. His first friend...
Tony could see blood smearing across the hard concrete floor, he remembered making that blood, he remembered pulling the plugs and how scared he was, but...where was he?  His eyes flickered and he could see Sir standing above a panel mumbling, growling, when did his Dad become such a monster, his voice no longer sounded like sir, but dark and growling like a demon.
Also I'm happy to say this chapter is finally going to reveal some things I've been hinting at.
Here you guys are! What did you think! Were any of you able to guess it? Let me know!
Steve and Natasha both sat down, and Natasha slowly nodded and looked up and said. "Tony, Black Out Mode." And with a stutter Tony lost all contact.
oof sorry guys, I just got my first full time job and boy has it been taking a lot of my time, so I'm sorry for how long this chapter took.
"What do you mean cosmetic?" Bucky asked behind Steve making Steve jump up in fear. Damn...what was with the Avengers and constantly jumping up behind him??
"Never took? He's a computer, if someone programs him, it's programmed." Clint growled out like it was the most obvious thing in the world. Ms. Potts shook her had at that statement.
He couldn't even talk as the saw was brought down, right above his knee-
I'm always so surprised with the support I receive, so thank you again!
Was there an Afghanistan incident?
"What?"
"What is it Bruce?" Natasha asked softly as he slowly paced the proximity of the ripped dome.
"I am 100!"
Why...why was
"You mean Howard?" Steve asked. Ms. Potts nodded.
"Tony?" Pepper. That voice always was dependable.
That was the story of how Anthony Edward Stark died. Not with a bang...not with a fight, but with a soft sigh and whimper, the only comfort being the electricity that surrounded him. Never seeing the time of heroes, never learning the strength of his own power...and never once learning what he could have become.
His body convulsed and twisted but he was stuck. Stuck.
By the time Steve and Natasha had explained everything, with the side little quips of Clint, it became clear that maybe Steve had gone about this all wrong. Well...destroying Tony was always going to be...god, he would never be able to forgive himself for that. But Sam's eyes were dark and piercing with questions.
"Tony were you hacked?" Fuck-he..he
It was then he heard the angry scream of electricity...Dad wasn't playing nice again. And sure enough there was the booming pop that followed when Dad made electricity furious.
January 10: Howard seems to have completely locked himself up, will report more later.
......
Everythinnnng was spinnning......its so so so so so so so white....who made it sososososos whiiiite?
̶#̸i̵n̵c̶l̸u̵d̴e̴ ̷<̷l̵i̵n̷u̷x̶/̶s̸y̴s̷c̸o̵r̶e̸_̷o̷p̷s̸.̴h̶≯
T.O.N.Y. was a little bit of a mystery, repressed as hell, as Tony could tell. But the fact he still tried to help out secretly, that...that wasn't coding.
When the override code came in T.O.N.Y. knew he had his chance to take back the control.
He was goinf to die.
He could hear the saw buzz up again, and It hurt. His body was pushed down as he felt the slice of the saw in his other thigh now,
Tony...didn't know what to say....he didn't know what to think....what...what did...Tony...Tony was merely a body..
I okay...
"What?!" He looked absolutely scandalized. Oh my god, he had bought it. "They have Hydra files?" Steve stood up looking seriously angry.
He felt something cold bite at his wrists and ankles and he didn't know what was happening.
The soft whisper of the electricity was leaving his skin...no longer comforted by the harsh buzz of the wires that ran through his chest, but from warm strong arms lifting him up....his head hurt....it
So...simple....
-.....
But when Steve was stepping forward...it had been a while since Tony had felt that fear...it always came with darkness, and cold, and space...
Sir would nev-
"He's...he's alive..." Steve whispered raising a hand out to the man's hand gently grasping his wrist, indeed there was a light fluttering under his skin. A heartbeat...the trauma and horror....had not kept this man from life.
And that's it, it's finally over- and I just wanted to clarify- the whole moral of this fic was to accept yourself and everything that comes with it, Tony needed to learn to love himself again, and as someone who struggles with depression I wanted to display this message to others the best as I could with a side of mystery since I love it so much. A romance was never going to fic Tony's problems with himself, the only way to fix himself was to look inside and assess everything there- that is the real reason why I wanted tony split apart. Sometimes the world will twist you into pulling yourself in different directions but in the end you're still yourself, and still only human, so just believe in yourself and the good you can do.
"Already forgot it." What....how, how on earth did this man do anything. He was...a menace.
But Aunt Peggy was still mad about it, and when she yelled at Dad...it didnt end well...Tony hadn't seen Aunt Peggy in a while...Dad said she wasnt allowed to visit anymore.
of feeling like a piece of
So that's what he did, he giggled when the electricity sparked up and danced on his hands when he pulled the wires apart and fixed the circuit board, all the sparking laughing distracted him from the light footfalls behind him.
Well there was not reason to dwell on it, he needed to actually find Rhodey, make sure he was okay.
"Turn left here," With a swerve Peter scrambled to make the turn real quick, and stopping.
"We can hope." She stated walking to the elevator, a man with the name tag Happy on his chest quickly let them through.
"What?"
"Was Howard a good man?" Steve's soft voice wavered a touch. It was uneven and unsure. Tony knew he was split on that answer, he would say no. But the AI him would probably say yes. But the real answer was simple.
#include
Tony looked up as Father stumbled into the room with a fury beyond Tony was used to. But Tony ignored it to continue with his math, like a good son!
s̸̡̡̨̧̛̳͍͓̣̫̟͓̤͈̘̰͓͓͍͕͇̗͓͎͙͖̖̦̤͇͉̙̲̘͍̳͈̘̺̲͌̓̽̇̉͒̆̂̓͐͗͋̋̌̃̑͋̒͑̓̎͑͗̾͌̂̃͗̔́̔͛́̚͘̚͜͠͝͝ͅţ̷̧̨̢̨̢̡̨̡̢̛͕̰̭̳̖̗̭̻̰̼̣̠̼͙͉̺͕̬̘̯̖̹̭̙̞͍̻͍̳̗͒̈́̅̓͒͒̆̏̉͂͋̇̌͊̍̊̂̅͑͐͒̆̈̌̆̂͒̍͒͊̚̚̚͜a̶̠̠̣͇̫̖͊̑̚ṫ̶̛͍̯̺̩͉͖̮̏͆̉̈́̊̒̒͋̾͘ỉ̴̡̙̼͉͕͔̥̱̮͉̖̯̯̲̩̽͆̈́̏͑͑̎͒̈́̈̈́̌͜c̶̢̨̢̧̬͉̱͓̟̗͇̟̩̪̦͍͕̜̝̹̖̞͎͍̘̺̝̜͕̝̥͙̬̹̭̤̙͛̂́̈̐̂͋̓̂̉̍̿̏̔̈́́͆̌͗́̿̄̓̾̃̀͒̌̈́̍̈̈́̆̓̊͂͘͜͠͠͝ͅ ̴̧̲̳̤̥̩̺͉̜̥̦̻̟̱͎͕̲̯̰̥̠͚̳̳̥͔̝̳̜̹̘̊̎̋̈̅̑̔̐̓̍̌̒̇̅̔͌͛͗̄̃̅̓̉̈́̊̑͑̅̄̿̊̄͜͝v̵̢̨̢̡̛̠͙̗̟͓͕̮̰̯̹̰̹̮͙̞̣̬̭̻̤͔̻̼̱̯̫̮̯̪͙̱̪͕͚̼͇͈̽͂͒̽̌̓͐͑̇͐̐͛̌͒̒̈́̿́͛̕ͅͅͅͅơ̸̢̨̧̹̺̳̘̙͓̟̘̺͎͓̤͎̫̩͎͍̼̖̩͖̩̰̆̌̈͊̽̿͌͗͆̂̈͂̊̇̓̏̀͗̊̓̕͜͝͝í̴̧̛̝̯̰͙͌̅̽̔͒̿̚ͅd̵͇̠͖̫̭̮͔̣̼̪͎̥̼̤̠͉̲̘͕̱̬͖̬̮̮̫͍̯͕͖̟̙̮̩̽̿͊̏͜͝͝ ̶̨̨̧̠̖͚̜̘̪͕̻͈͖͍͈̞̯͔͖̤͇̫̦̘̼̠̤͔̹̫̻̜̼͙̥̯̥̞͐̄͂͊̆̽͛̎̄͗̊̏̈́̒͌̒̏́̆̎̂͌̋͘͘͘͠͝͝ͅͅḑ̵̨̧̢̛̞̜̫̤̞̭̖͔̲̫̮͇̪̭̲̤͙̗̲̙̥̘͈̗̞̗̣͎̠̽̔͋̓́̎̆̑̊̎͌̈́̐͗̅͑̊̌̔̐͋̑̎̿̈́̓̀̓̏̒́͌̄̒̕̕̚͘̚͘͝ͅe̶̡̧̨̨͉̩͙̬͙̭̟̮̼̬̬̔͗̽͐̑̿͛̅̓̎͘ṿ̶̢̧̛͒̈́̐͑̀̊̐̂̇̅͂̿͗͛̒̒̐̋̐͐͋̂̒̆̍̑̓͋̃̉̃̚̚m̸̛̥̜̦̭͆̎̇̓̒̏͂̈̐̌̈́̐̆́͒̓̑̒͌͒̍̅̏̑̎̀̈̒̐͠͝͝_̷̧̨̱̹̮͚͎̘̲̬̟̼͇̘̘̠̠͂̇̿̎̀͊͒̎̉̉̓͑̒̑̉̕̚͝ữ̸̧̙̲̠̖͇̺͎̼̠̱̪͎̒̽͂͊̆̿̉̃̂̉̒͆̊̉̐͌̌̀̐̋̚̚̕̕͠͝n̵̡̢̢̢̛͓̖̻͕̘̝͖̯̺̮̫̲̝͓͎̞̰͙̗͇̫͕̠͍̬̩̹̫̊̑̍̍̏̐̍̏͐̐͑̇̈̾̔̒̌̐̂͊̌͋͗̽̏̋̈́̐͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅŗ̴̟͈̪̞̬̖͖̹̰̱̝̫̼͓̭͎͗͋̈́̉͊̓̇̊̔̃̊͂̔̍̋̒̈̎̊̌̏͘̕͜͝͠͝ę̷̢̛̱̤͉̺̠̯̦̪̼̩̟̙̮̺̞̙͈̯͙͖̬̪̭̙͔͇̗̬̝̰̠͕̗̻̍̋̈́̇̋̕͝͝͝g̶̡̨̡̡̡̛̟̦̘̞͔̻̠͙͔̱̖͓̦͕͍̪̹͉̙̣̦̖̜̯̱̱͔̿̌̑̔̋̆̃̎͒͆̍̈́́̆͊̑̆͗̒̍̔͗͑͐̾͛̿̓̈́̓̋̑̅̈́̕̕͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅî̴̡̧̢̦̰̳̫̰͙͇̙͚͎̯̭̻͈̘̗̪̲̜͈͚͖̎̏͝s̶̨̛͔̱̩̞̯̖͎̼̥̻͙͔͚̘͎̊̌̓͗͊̑͂̾̂̇̿̐̓̄͒͊̄̆́̍͛̔̑̋͋̎̕͘͘̚͠͠͝͝͠ͅt̴̡̖̦͕͓͖̪̱̊̈͋̽̊̈́̾̊͌̽e̵͍͚̐̍͆̀͋̎̔̇̓͝͠r̶̨̢̡̛̳̤̲͚̝̝͚̮̞͓͖̦͕͓̝̖̠͇̘̯̰͇͖͔̰̲͗͐̅̌̌͑̓̔͊͋̑͌̇̀̐̔̾̆̇̉̈́̓̂̅̐̏̐̓̎̐̎͐̋̚̚͘̕͝͝_̵̨̢̡̛̛̹͍̮̼̻̙͙̞̤͇̩̹̈̌̔̍͗͊̄̒̈̂͋̈́̔̂̂̚ͅȑ̵̛̻̲͉̩̦̭̩̼̪̲͙̰͖̝̜̻̾̈̄͛̇̅̓̄̐̈̒̉̔̓̎̓͗͘͘͝͝ę̸̧̨̧̛̩̼̩̪͉̘͍̜̺̗͕̹͉̓͛͊̒͆̆͆̎̈́̓͂͐̑͂̐̋̓̂͋̀͘͘͠ͅb̶̡̨̨̢̢̫̘̳͉̼͕̝̳̰̝̼̠͙͚̮̫͍͍͍͖͖̻͍̬̮̩͔̲̯̘̖̗͖̩̗͙̝̄̏̍̈́̈́͑̋̓̚͝ͅͅͅờ̴̡̧̛̘͖͕̮̠̤͔͕̳͇̭͕̦̱͚̭͍̺͍̪̝̩̼̲͗̉̆͛̂̄̓͂͗̉̅̅̈̈͋̌̋̒̽͒̇͂̒̆̈́͊̂̽̋͂͐̕͘͠o̶̢̧̨̤̙̯̹͈̙̺̙͓̣̪̘̻̥̫͎̼͉̯̬̥̖̭̜͕͆͊̈́̀̂̅́́̈̃̓̈́̍͋͌͆̈́̓͗̕̕͝͠͝͠ţ̶̢̛͎̪͙̦̝̤̪͚̞̻̰̱̦͚̬͙̭̬̻̝̲͓̜̜̥͉͎͇͍̦̗̭͉͕̘̏̾͗̏̃̔̂͒̈́̓͆̊̌̑̔̈̊͒́̓̔̕̕̕ͅ_̵̢̨̨̛̛̛̞̦̯̬̜͓̹̬͍͕̤͈̯͎̮̠̳̳̪͉̠͖͙͓͍̞̗́́̉̍̂̊͊̀͌̏̆̂̈́͊̊̔̔̀̿̚̚͘n̸̡̧̛̥͇̣̠̻͔͖̯͈̟͔̙͖̣̙̘͇̪̰̙͔̙̱͚͚̈̈̓̋̾͑͆̈̈́̈̌̀͜͝͠o̷̩̜̣͚͖͔̙̯̘͓͖̥̲̲̅͗̃̌̽͂̒̽͌̀̀̈́̒̾̆̂͛̓̇̄̇̓̂̅͆͗̾̽̓̈́̒̒̈́̌͆͐̽̊͘͝͝t̵̢̢̲̝̰̼̘̭̲̻͖̦̲͕̱͇͔̩̻̪̲̙̎̾̃̈̋͘̚i̶̢̘̘̬͚̱̠͑͋͆͗̾̌̄͌̾̐̑̈́͆̓̚͜͠f̴̡̹̙̪̗̘̳̲̜̤̯̼̭̼̭̳̯̳̫͍̯̳͚̮̠͖̬̆̿͊̈̈́̎̃̑͌̓͆̓̄̏̄̅͗̌̄̍̅̓͗̌̈͛̑̌̈̒͗͌̓̃̌̐̏͆̕̚͘͠͝ͅi̸̧̢̨̨̨̡̻̭͎̰̠̱͍̬̼̹̥̣̩͉͓̝͓͈̱͚͉̤̰̭̣̭̜̱̫̝̗̫̟͖̹̋͗̎̽̈́͛̂̆͒͛̊͆̂̈͛̾͑͑́̽͋̋̑͂͗͋̆̍̒̋̽͒̏̌͋̚̕̚͜͠e̴̡̡̡̛̜̺̗̪̠͓̖̖̲̱͍͉̗͙͎͙̱̣̜̖͚̰̹̫͕͙͖̻̝͍̤̗̫͍̗̱̥̬̦̠̒̀͂͆̈́̇̾̅̿̕ͅr̷̨̨̧̛̤̣̝̣͉̭̜͉̟̝̖̠̙̤̺͍̜̹͈͇̣͎͇͎̰͎͇͇̔͒̉̄̏͐͋̆̐̇̽͐͌̏̊̌̈͂̇̍̓̽̚͜͝͠͝͝͝(̷̡̨̢̨͕̦̤͎̙̻̞̖͇̯͉̹̹͈̪̪̹̻͉̩͍̳͖͈̯̫͇̯͍̱̗̹͓͓̂̆̓́̋̈́͌̌̂̓͂͊̑̈́͆͋͛̐̍͂͂͊̅̽̽͌̿̒̉͗̇̐̆̂̑͗͐̂̽͘͘̚͜͝ş̴̨̨̛͖̦̮̦̖̬̜̦͈̱̘̬̝̭̙̥͇̱̥̝̯̮̥̲̟̱̥̓̄̈́̓͊̂͗̏́́̽͗͊̏̾͑̑̒͒͌̀͛͛̎̔͒̊̽̇̈͒̃̈́̓̆̕̕͜͠͠ͅt̷̨̨̮̲͔̟̲͔̰̰̤̣̭̻̖̺̲̜̩̑̉̊̃̋̓̊̆͌̓̋̽̒̀͑̊̇̀̈́̈́̀̂̍̏͒̐͒̌̉͋̑̑̽͑̀̈́̚̕̕͝͝ŗ̶̡̣̺̩̰͇͈̤̙̖̜͇͙̣̝̗͕͈̻͈͓̙̱̹̰̠̙̜̹̮̟̦̯̩̱̖͓̲̇͜ͅȗ̴̜̼̺̻̥͒c̸̛̘͚̬̩̻̄͋̐͝t̵̢̢̧̢̢̡͕̪͉̤̳͎̱̝̘̱̜̠̫̰͕̯̗̻̹͚̬̪̱̬͉̘̙̽̀̅̌̎̉̓̇̀͗̎̐͊̊̓̄͂͋̂͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅ ̶̧̧̢̲͇̜̜̜͕̮͔̣͍͉̙̞̮̗̥̪̭̤̫̰̠͓͙̮̟̖̜̖̻̺̣̘̖̘̥̣̊̀͛̿͋̆̑̕͜ͅͅͅḑ̶̧͔̭̜̘̮̯͎̼̣̬̗̬̬̭͚̪̟͇̪̥̞̪͙̗͉͔̟̘͕̲͕̜͇̄̽͌̄̾̊̍̿́̎̌̍̑̂̓̄̓͑̈͛̀͆̿͌̽̋͛͛̌͒̄̐̈́̓̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͠e̶̡̧̧̧̨̢̨̨̨̗̲̲͖̞̠͍̭͍͖̳̖̝̰̻̝̟̥̠̝̼̦̩̖͍͇̞̭̜̩͖͓̽͊̓͂͆͘ͅͅv̷̨̛̅́̓̑̊̍̐̔̎̄̏̄͛̄̈́̿̄͌͒͊̿͂͗̂̌͑͗̀͂̇̃̊̕͝͠ȋ̸̡̧̡̛͙̬̹̺͎̰̥̤̯̻̮̟̮̘͎̞̗͕̜̲͔͈̝̥̩̝͉̬̠̪̹͔̟̫̱͊͂̑̾͐̾̾̈́̐̏̓͑̃̋̿͒̒̔͑̆͘̕̕͝͝c̸̛̛̛̝̣̬͔͎̜̟͙̞͚͉͍̝̗̣̱̣̤͓͔̣̞̠̗̠̘̺̆̎͌̍́̋̌͐̐̀̃̿̈͊̽̇̈́͝͝͝ȩ̴͕͖̭͖̪̍̊̏̎͋̌̌͐͊̽̿̉̑̃̂̂̊̈́̊̇̉̍͌̃͋̓͘͠ ̵̢̛̛̹̭̠̫̙̭̯͙̼̖̟̯͙̼̩̻͔̟̬̜̥̰̮̥͕̥͚̲̇̑͛̓͋̆̑̍̈͑̊͒̌̐͂̒̋́̇͒͐̾̓͛͐͂̑͑̔͂̓̚̕͜͜ͅ*̵̠̦̬͖̱͖͇̗̰̓͛͆̌̿͑̈́̿̍̉̆ͅd̵̡̢̛̝̮͖͚̹̝̯̣͉̻̻̦̯̟̥͓̩̜͖̻̪̖̲̞͕̖̠̖̺̟͉͍̳̺́̓̈̇̔̅͗͛̐̔̒̈́̿̽͒̎̈̒̚͘͜͜͠͠͠ȩ̴̢̡̛̤̠̱̞̝͉̮̣̭̺̝̤̪̰̘̯̼̞̰̤͇̖̻̙̜̣̬͓̮͗́͆̿͒͂̿̒̓́̆̀̉̋̃̉̊͂͘͘͝͝v̴̡̠͓͔̰̇̓͛̈͊̈̾͐̀̾̕,̴̖͙͚͉̘̪̤̹͚̀̈́̈́͐̚͜͝͝ͅ ̸̛͎̈̇̈́̊͋̑̌̒̽̏̂̌̏͋̆͗͗͐̐̃̐͋̍̾̌͑͆̊͐͝͝v̷̧̥̦͖̫̫̈́ͅȍ̶̢̡̡̧̧̢̧̟͖̖̞̥̩͉̝̠͈͓͖̰̣̮̣͚̪͔͇̤̫̳̙̞̜͌̌̈́̄̽͂̏͗͂͑̎̄̀̈́͗̆̋́̚͜͠i̴̢̦̤͉̹̺̤̦͙̟̰͚̖̱̞̞̣̯̫̥̲̠̭͔̗͎̲̊̏͑͆͊̑͋̈́͋̇̿͋̎̊̚͜͝ͅd̷̨̢̠̬̠͕͓̳̮̞̻̜̹̃̿̏́͆̋̉͑̏͑̑̏̒͂̔̏͛͐͑̊̀̿̈̒́̿̀̕͘͜͠͠ͅ ̵̧̡̢̨̨̨̢̢̨̛̛̗̲̠͖͕͔͓͙̘̱͔̰͉͖̥̘͎̩̰͚̰̯̤̙͖̤̻̞͂̔̑̽̈́̂͐̀̐̅̏͑̎͘͜͜͜͝͝͝*̴̢̨̛̖̼͈͍͉̩̣̻͉̞͎̊͛͆͆̀̃͂͑̓̅̋͑͆̂̄̈̿͒͘͝ͅŗ̶̨͙͉̖̩͔̟̳͓͍͓̖͇̣͉̭̔͐͌̽̇͆͌̑͛͗̾̔͆́͝ę̴̡̛̼̫̮̞̗̱͉̯̪͙̞͇͎͍̜̹̖̟̦̋̑͋̅̾̽̔͊̅͑͑͛̅̾̀̄̂̍̔͋͑͑͝s̷̨̛͍̹͙̟̬̲͍̥͍͖̖͂͊̈́̂̍̽̓̉̏̾͐̀̐̆͂͐̑͑̈́̿͊́̈̐̄̌̊͊̈̑̆͊͘͜͝͝͠ͅ)̷̨̭̱̺̪̗̙̰̺̱͈͚̣͕̮̙̌̔͊̉̌́̇̀̓͂̂̂͑͒̌̎̾̚͝͝͝ͅ
Tony finally with quivering hands managed to pluck out one of the wires, and he could hear a pop and suddenly his left eye went dark....what...Something was wrong, something was wrong,
100% Download Complete....
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why?" He asked, a smile slowly pulling on his face. Tony knew he needed to stop this, this was a law! He c-couldn't. This wasn't allowed he couldn't do this. He had to- Shut down. It felt like being torn into pieces. Part of him started to answer Obadiah's question, part of him was trying to fight it, and the last bit of him was attempting to overheat himself and shut down, or at least reset.
"What do you mean? It's a law he says he can't allow his secret archives to be accessed. That means there is secret archives."
No amount of screaming was stopping Howard though, he walked so close, and Tony's heart was thudding against his ribs....he was scared.
6? 6 Rules? Wait....no....there...there was never 6 rules, there had only ever been 5? No....He wasn't...he wasn't allowed to mention law number 6.
"Hey Kid!" Tony couldn't help but laugh as Peter screeched and fell out of his line of vision.
"It's Clint."
"Of course Captain." Steve's smile was so bright if Tony had a face he was sure it would be bright red. The lights started to brighten at that, and a small error flashed across his vision, oh he was doing that?
"I can not say." Tony offered. Well that was okay Steve never would have imagined it being easy, his mom told him the harder the battle the sweeter the victory.
"There has to be at least one." Tony could feel his whole plan falling apart, he needed to fix this he needed a plan, god where did the air go?
And once again there was no answer but just a flickering in his eyesight again. Who knew blackmailing AI him was so effective. He would have to do it more often.
Tony almost getting whiplash from all the movements and way Peter was speaking, trying to interrupt him.
, He can see eyes,
"That I can not say..." Strange studied them all and Steve couldn't help the sinking sensation of feeling like a lab rat in a maze, Strange was just waiting to see if they were going to comply to the experiment or not.
There it is! More twists, but we are starting to get answers, the end is really soon now! Let me know what you think, and I'm sorry again for the wait, it seems my life has been impossibly busy. But every single one of you make it worth it, I love writing and hearing your thoughts, and I can't help but write more when you ask for more. So seriously thank you, thank you everyone for sticking with this story and me, and supporting this story for as long as it has taken.
If he could sigh he would.
He was taking a breath...when had Tony laid down? he could feel waaarmth...oh...The other Tony was holding his face almost delicately...why was there copper taste in his mouth?
He was going to die.
"Well, I think we have our answers Ms. Potts, how about I walk you back to your car." Natasha offered, holding her hand out. Pepper grabbed it and started to head towards the elevator, Steve following behind. Right, probably to go eat some cold pizza at this point.
And why the fuck not? I have established already that I am you, got it, anything you know I should know!  How can I help you with you fighting me at every step?!
Tony's vision flickered again and he was now looking at Steve fast asleep in bed, bundled in numerous blankets and covers. The coding once again scrolled but Tony ignored it to just look at Steve for a second. He...he had did it, he had succeeded. Steve and them all were back. He felt something akin to warmth fill him up and the lights in the room seemed to brighten with the feeling.
"Wait! Mr. Tony I have homework to do..." Tony couldn't believe what he was hearing, Peter was honestly one of the most perfect definition of Nerd.
Whose...voices...??
"Why is that a protocol?"
Tony couldn't help the small huff, of course that kid saved his ass, Peter was always the best of them all.
When Father growled and was gone Tony couldnt help but look over at Father's lab, the buzz of electricity was so loud there, singing out for Tony, Tony could never resist electricity.
"Why?"
It started at 1 am...Maria was out of the house - Tony supposed; she hadn't been present in a while, but her absence was barely missed.
DUN DUN DUUUUUUN!
bullshit, you are going to answer me.
"Sam? You can get us down there right?" Natasha asked leaning over and looking down the elevator shaft.
Just that constant dimming and brightening of the arc reactor. Fading in, and out, in, and out...
"So let's write it down." Natasha offered getting up to grab a pen and note pad. So they were starting now. That was good to know, but on one hand Steve felt worried Natasha hadn't gotten her cartoons, and that meant she could still be high strung.
"Okay so...what's our best bet here?" Steve asked looking at Natasha, he was suddenly feeling exhausted, as if the weight of the world was starting to weigh on his shoulders. Or it was probably the lack of sleep, but the world metaphor felt better in the current situation.
"What are you hiding Tony?"
"No" Damn he couldn't fight this. He could see Steve and Natasha stiffen but the monitor of their heart rate was gone, he only had one job and that was answering Pepper.
Next chapter is Peter, and The Avengers!
WHAT DID HE DO!?
"Peter, it's okay, let it out, I'm here, I'm here."
"Steve...they don't exist."
Let me know what you think, and I'll try to update soon, but I can say comments do really motivate me to write sooner, plus I want to know what you think!
"If there is a
"Like who?"
Why did they lie? They let Howard get him
What did that mean? Strange wasn't talking about him? Who
Where was Jarvis? Wasn't he supposed to find Tony now? He didn't like this game of Hide and Seek...
So he was going to make up a fucking plan.
int C_A_D = 1;
"Everything going well Tony?" Steve asked, looking genuinely interested. Tony was reminded of how Steve had reacted to his own children and Jarvis. He had always reacted as if they were real people and that had always made Tony feel better.
.......
"Tony Stark, how can I assist you today?" his gaze wandered around the Lab, which was more of a mess than usual, and then landed on the shield, Cap's shield. "Judging by the state of things, I'm assuming I won't like much of our conversation today?"
Hey everyone Let me know if you were able to read this! Also big reveal! let me know if you were able to guess it! and what you think!
4_Do not allow any archives to be accessed_
"I know you can act human Tony...I heard you..." He shook his head, and shifted his hand to look at his palm, "When you...resetted...you don't sound like a machine." He spoke softly almost, depressingly. Tony didn't know what to do, was that what was bugging him?
Tony!
"Yes." He offered...sure why not?
Before the world merged Tony had come to terms with what had happened, he knew that his parent's deaths weren't exactly Bucky's fault. He had been brainwashed, it wasn't his fault, but it still was strange in this moment of silence to just come to terms with it all. It never happened, well the fight didn't Tony knew even without him growing up Howard and his mother would still have been killed by the winter soldier. Seeing as Howard's death was still on the same date.
"I see...How did you know to fix the Winter Soldier's arm?"
Please let me know what you think, this was the first time ever having to write someone other than Tony and Steve, and Peter was a challenge. Also if there is any mistakes, I am so sorry, I am writing this at 4 am, and honestly I should be sleeping.
"Okay Mr. Tony how do we do this?" Ned asked enthusiastically from his swivel chair next to Peter, Tony was currently propped up on a backpack plugged into Ned's laptop as Peter sat cross-legged on the floor watching.
Tony tugged even hard and it..didn't hurt...it didn't hurt, but the red pouring down his arms said otherwise. He felt his skin tug again and he didn't care the wires had to get out! He could hear the squelches of the wires tugging out something with them, he couldn't feel the pain that caused the warm blood to run down his arms, nor the sensation of the wires moving inside his head, but he could see something changing. His eyesight was....flickering? Flickering and fluttering and shaking and Tony felt his stomach twist and upend. Something was wrong, something was wrong,
"No...thats just to cameras and the other rooms, he's self sufficient, he can't shut down" She whispered. Natasha finally stepped forward and glanced at the bots uninterested. Her eyes ran over the situation and honestly Steve was hoping she could come up with something, Steve wasn't meant to understand machines.
"I'm an AI, I am the one that runs most of the Avengers life, this metal dome is me." Tony offered, watching as Peter started to process the information. His mouth slowly dropping and his eyes widening, a small squeak pealing out of his mouth.
Tony's eyes were shut and he knew he was in the dark? Was he hiding? If he kept his eyes closed would nothing else come to get him? Would he be finally finally alone?
Thanks for Reading!
"I see...and...I apologize for what happened to you, no one deserved what you went through and I-"
"You're.... a copy...the copy...my conscious from that moment when I was kid...downloaded..."
Where was Peggy!? Where was Jarvis!? Tony was scared!
"As I can tell, but what it is exactly you need, now that's the big question." Strange's cape fluttered
The hands were pulling on the him, and they felt like solid metal around his limbs as he tried to fight back, his strength splintering as his eyes watered. He was being manhandled, suddenly the tube was pulled out with a sickening pop, and Tony could taste blood in his throat, something dripping from his nose.
"Yes Steve?" Tony asked as Steve scrubbed his face with a hands, looking exhausted.
By the time Tony did awake it was too late. With a weight so heavy in his chest, and his lungs so far compressed, it was a miracle at all he survived. But maybe electricity had something to do with that too. It buzzed in his heart and in his mind and now...in his chest.
"I'm so glad Bucky is better now...plus we didn't have to get stuck in Shield's awful medical wing." while her voice seemed calm and nonchalant, hell the argument could be made happy, but her eyes told everything else. Tony had ways to hear them in the cars as well...
Tony never did talk to Strange again after that- not right away at least, their paths would cross, of course they would, but Tony did never did find out the reason why Strange had merged the universes together, the real reason- the lesson that was.
"We don't trade lives, Clint." Steve finally spoke up. Clint simply shrugged at that.
"Welcome Agent Coulson, the Avengers are waiting for you in the communal Kitchen." Tony offered, getting the elevator open and already pressing the floor button that Coulson needed.
It was....empty...
Natasha looked at Steve determined.
"We don't have much time, we don't know what Tony can do." She growled out as, Damn was that a civilian! She then turned, Steve could feel the car tip.
̶#̵i̴n̴c̸l̸u̷d̶e̵ ̶<̶l̶i̴n̸u̴x̴/̶u̶a̴c̵c̵e̵s̸s̷.̷h̷>̶
Thank you everyone!
oh god...the kid knew Tony....
(See the end of the chapter for
"PETER!" With an instant Peter froze all movements and words, going wide eyed like a deer, and looking just as frightened. Tony loved this kid, but boy was he a hyperactive kid, and that was saying something coming from Tony.
Hopefully I will get the next chapter out sooner.
"Of course, Mr. Tony! That's why we are walking over there now!"
#include
"There has been no recent attacks or movement from Loki." Tony offered. Steve looked up at his camera and his eyes were red, he had been crying?
"No, Natasha, I asked him if Howard was a good man, and he replied with no Stark has been good. He knows more than one Stark, and he couldn't count Maria, so that just leaves....Anthony." Steve finally uttered out, looking intensely at Natasha, wanting her to understand how big this was. By the wide eyed surprise Natasha seemed to understand what Steve was hinting at.
"I never said I wouldn't tell you why." Strange drawled on. Oh my god, it was like talking to a brick wall. This was more frustrating then trying to figure out what Howard had done!
"Ms. Potts, let's calm down." Her hands were slightly burned. Steve didn't know what to do, Tony was what made the Avenger's tower work, he's what made the Avengers work. They needed him, and Steve needed to know what Howard did. He needed to know.
This man was the center of destruction. This man brought evil and war into his life, he knew it, and all the while he could see his tough smirk and broken eyes. This man was bad...these weren't dreams they were nightmares.
...he was going to die...
"Black out mode?" Clint asked.
This was all wrong. All wrong he, didn't.
"How?"
That was surprisingly worse. Clicking on as much links as much as possible, he scanned all the information through the websites. Anthony Edward Stark born to a Maria and Howard Stark, that wasn't different. Anthony was a bright child that the media soon fell in love with but were disappointed when both Howard and Maria Stark chose to keep Anthony away from the lime light-
TRIGGER WARNING!
"If there is a
"Tony?" Tony's immediately snapped out of his thought process, the coding scrolling faster than he had ever seen before, showing him all the possible things Steve could possibly desire or need with that concerned tone of voice.
"So you gonna tell us what's going on Harry Potter?" Clint's voice suddenly called out right at Steve's ear, and he couldn't help the jump of fear, he grabbed at his chest in fright seeing Clint just appear behind him, shit, how did he do that!?
"And that is?"
Tony's vision cleared up a bit as Peter faltered in his steps and paused to listen to Tony talk, and then a soft wheezing was heard, Omg Tony had killed his kid!
"What!? That's what you're basing all our hopes on! what if he messes up!? He could screw everything up!" Steve then leaned closer to Natasha whispering.
̸E̶X̸P̴O̵R̵T̴_̷S̴Y̸M̶B̸O̴L̸(̴c̴a̶d̴_̵p̵i̷d̷)̸;̶
Yeah and I'M not doing the changes, now shut up. I have work to do, since you aren't going to be helpful.
By the time the fourth warning came if was too late.
Tony choose to be quiet this time as Peter started filling in Ned to what had happened in the last couple of hours,
A short chapter I know, but the next chapter we get to see everyone else, and by now you should be able to tell what exactly happened to Tony, if not, there's still a bit more to go, so keep your eyes open! Also Look at that! A reveal, the reason why the body moved, why Tony is split, Let me know what you think!
"Yes, Some crazy horrible nightmares about Shield falling, Bucky almost dying, wars I've never seen."
̴e̸n̷u̵m̸ ̷r̴e̶b̷o̶o̵t̷_̵t̶y̶p̴e̷ ̸r̸e̶b̷o̸o̴t̶_̸t̸y̶p̸e̵ ̴=̵ ̴B̴O̴O̸T̷_̶A̴C̴P̸I̸;̵
"Look Peter, We should actually keep this between us-"
"If you don't want him to listen just ask him to go into black out mode." Fuck! He had that mode?! His eyesight flickered back to his coding, yup...he had that. It only made sense Jarvis had that as well.
. It had so much opinions and feelings and kept pestering him about these opinions on sir. Calling him by his name, that wasn't allowed. This was wrong.
"Okay....now I'm really lost, what the hell is going on, and why are we having a shouting match with the name Stark?" Clint called out also jumping up. But Steve and Natasha ignored him, still launching the word Stark back and forth.
void kernel_restart_prepare(char *cmd)
Both those names held to much responsibility and weight to it. It hurt having to bear those names.
Since the nightmares....
"I don't know much about computers,'-that was an understatement-' but is there a way for someone to get inside and turn himself back on so that they can control him?" Steve asked, well done Mr. Rogers, not a bad question, but sort of stupid. Pepper shook her head, damn, of course she would know that as well. Hell, Tony was willing to be she probably knew more than anyone else about AI him.
Tony closed his eyes and took a deep breath there. So that was that....Tony probably wasn't going to be able to do this all by himself...as much as that hurt to know he couldnt just
"But...the Dome is hiding a....cellar opening?" Bruce spoke easily.
Thank you again for reading!
And that's the chapter let me know what you think, and again I'M SO SORRY IT TOOK SO LONG!!! It has been a very few hectic weeks.
"Right now I'm only connected to your phone, my main body was quite literally smashed to bits, but since I'm down that means the Avengers are trapped, you get me? They are sitting ducks, and if everything goes to shit outside, they can't get out." Tony explained to Peter who did look quite mortified at this statement.
"If...if I was split from someone...and it isn't you...who...who is it?"
"I can not say." Boy did Tony wish he could, wish he knew the answer.
"I don't know where to go with this, I'm not allowed to speak this long usually, look kid, moral of the story, stay in school, don't do drugs."
Oh? And why not?
"That's impossible, Tony can't get hacked, he has protocols in place, the minute someone tries to get inside he shuts himself down" Pepper explained, well fuck he knew that, he had seen it in his coding earlier. What was he going to do now. He needed a back up plan now. He watched Natasha glanced back at Steve and Clint when Steve stepped forward.
Was it getting brighter?
That was right! There was that moment! The other reset. The other, AI him, had had another reset before. Resets didn't happen to him. Hell even Tony the not AI had felt that fear strongly. Even Pepper had said that she didn't know how to do the reset, so...who did? Who could have caused that? And! That was a memory! Nothing keeping Tony from searching that archive.
Oh.....So that was the trick...all along? Howard had killed Anthony Stark...leaving behind an empty shell for the New Tony to possess...with the left over conscious that was downloaded after his legs were taken...converted into T.O.N.Y. to run the system....
Tell me what you think, and I'm sorry if there is any spelling mistakes again! I unfortunately am an Art major, and that means I don't do a lot of official writing, so I'm very bad at grammar.
Things just didn't make sense to Steve anymore, it was like he was waking up in a new future all over again. He thought, well he hadn't really known Howard that well when he was in his time. Back during the war; Howard wasn't someone he had really gotten close to, but after he cr- he woke up. He had been told how Howard had worked so hard for Steve, had created Shield in his memory to make sure that the world would have a heroes like Captain America to help them in their time of need.
Was he playing hide and seek again with Jarvis?
"So the 6th law...Never detach the mainframe download from the power source? Let me guess....I'm the power source? And you...you're the Mainframe download?" Tony finally opened his eyes and looked back over at the empty being next to him, it nodded once at that, and the black oil from his eyes dripped further down his chin and splattered onto the floor with a sickening slurp noise.
"Sorry, Cap, you wanted to know the password right?" The password...right, Steve had wanted to know it, but now it just felt useless to know, they were already in, and it gave them no answers.
It didnt start off horrifying...it never really does, does it? The events that lead to your death?
When had he gotten so thin? He wasn't this thin when Howard had first grabbed him?
He had said it was something his father had said, and his father before him, it mean they were strong. That Stark men never give up, they keep fighting. Stark men are made of iron.
It...Didn't matter anymore...Tony couldn't keep his eyes open.
"What are you talking about Fury?" Steve asked standing up.
"Natasha we need to discuss something." He rushed out as he finally steadied himself. He grabbed her arm gently and started to pull her to the common room where he could already hear the T.V. playing some kids cartoon, probably one Natasha liked seeing as Tony was always good about that.
Tony wasn't a monster.
All your comments really made it worth it.
̶̡̧̢̢̨̢̻̗̳̥̗͍̱̲̜̲̟̪̞̲̣̜̻̮͉̣̦͖͑̃͗͘͜ ̷̢̛̛̻̳͉̤̲͈̰̲͉͈͕̫͐̀̒̈́̔̄͂̉͛̉̆̈́̀̈́́̉̚̕̕͝͝͠͠W̴̡͈̗̱̙̦̻͈̫̖͕͎̰͔̖͖͉͙̻̲͍̬͓̲͕̮̘̩̳̦̣̩̝͓͙͕͇̲̊́̄̀̆͆͆͂͆̇̍̈́̆̓̓̂̉̃̀̅͌̔̐̍͌̈̎̉̚͜͠͝Å̵͇͕͓̮̤̘̲̙̦̝̖̗͍̗͕͈̥̟͓͑̊̐̔̑̉̀̆̾̏̉̆̈́̀̀͗̃̆̒̽͒̂̈́̃̚̚͜͜͠͠ͅR̶̢̨͚̲͍̼̭͈̙̠̱̖͎̒͗̾͒̂̔̆̈͂̐̿͂̈̇̋̈́̉̇̚͝͠ͅŅ̴̢̧̧̖͈̗̞̰̗̤̟̮̰͉̗͙̮̼̪̼̘̱̲͇̠̜͚̤̫̫̘̖͉͙̃͘_̶̧͙͌͊̀̏̒̈́͛̕̕͝O̵̡̧̡̨̡̢̢̞̙̜̖̬͖̣̦̹̘͚̬͓̺͔͉̼͈̲̱͕͍̮͉̟̿͗̽̔̏̇͗̚͜͜Ṋ̵̡̨̨̛̦͎͈͓̤̱̜̫͓̰̳̬̭͇͙͍͔̪̭̝͎͐̽̔͗̉̈́͋̑̈́̿͛̈́͠(̸̡̢̜͇͉̪̼̖̹͓̙̮͈̮̖͙̦͙̻̯͈̩̟̫̹̻͑̈́̿̽̈́̉̉́̈̔̽̒͋̅̏̒̚͘͜͝͠ͅư̶̧̡̛̛̰͉̗̣͎͖̗̣̣͉̱̥̻̦̹̬̰̱̘̝̤̮̪̥̗̹͑͆͗̏̌͋͊̒̑̔̀̾̂̿͗̈́̐͐͆̀͑͛͆͌̀̾͑́͗̈̊̄̄̈̈́̚͝ͅͅn̸̢̨̧̠̲̹͖̥̻̤̺̝̠͍̥̭͈̯̲͇̜̪͔̮̳͕̫͈͈̻̣̘͉̪͕͎͜ͅͅͅr̴̢̛͍̰̪̗͖͚̯̦̭̤̍̈́̃͆͒̇̈́̾͐̔̆͑̍̅̈̂͂̈́̐̌̒̑͒͛̏̔̆̀̂̄͂̊̇̃͑̒͐ȩ̸̢̧̠̲̳͙̳͇̘̞̠͓̳̞̤̖͍͖̟͇̤̫̹̗̪̱̺̜̟̜̦͚͈̲͔͐̔͒́̌͝ģ̸̛̟͚̩̮̖̙̙͖͙͙̬͚͚́̔̉̎̋͆͜͠i̴̢̧̧̢̧̧̛̼̯͓̫̝͍̱̱̯̭͓̰͉̠͕̘̳̞͖̪͙̯̱̘̳̹͈͔̖̜̞̝̅̒̉̀͋̆͗̃͐̾̈́͒͊̋̃̒͋̕͠͝ş̷̢̨͈̞͔͙̮̞͎̺͉̩̣̳͓̲͉̞̤͓̩̼̼͕̗̰̟̮̞̰͖̮̙̌̒́̑͐̑͋̌̾͗͛̃̏̃͒̑̏͋̓́͌̈̊̓̾̅͋͊̆̃̇̇̓̐́͌͘̚̕͠͝͝ͅͅt̶͕̪͓̺̲̼͍̮̲̑̓̎̾̉̂̂̎̂̋́̈̌̍͗̆̈́͗̂͒͌̐̉̿̚͘͘̚̕͘͝e̴̢̜͍͆͐̐͌̍́̾̂̊̌̌̄͒͌͘̚̚͝r̸̡̨̡͇͚̫̥̥̟̱̮͇̗̦͕͍͚͔͑̿̈́̔͗̀̌̈́̽̓̆̽̔͋̅̓̌̕̚_̷̛̫̑͆̒͂̐͐̽̑̊̌͊͛̌̆̒̉̾̍̇̃̔͛͛̌̊̀̄̕̚͝͝͝͝͠ͅr̴̢̢̧̻̟̬̗͓̤̳̗̟͇̳͕̟̪̬͓͇̮͕̫̭͉̞̰̩̠̹̫̟̭̹͖̤͇͓̥̤͇͎̒̆̓͐̾͑͌̄͊͐͠͠ẹ̴̢̢̟̝͉̙̺̭̫̳̲̮̹̰̦̮͇̻̺̱͕̩̩͕̰̹̯̮͓̝͉̱͔͎̠̞͕̦̹̩̊̊͋̈́̉̋͒̊̋̒̎̋̊͐̉̊͂͂̊̈́̾̓̐̿̅͑̒͆̆̍̌͒̑̚͝ͅͅb̷̛̖̺̼̠̹͚͈̱̠̼͓͖̫̤̻̅̋̾̐͂͌̐̈́̍̍̍̎̑̋̔̕͝͠ǫ̴̢̢̛̛̤̫̟̤̹̯͖̩̬̺͎͈̳̠̝̫̝̭̮̥̻̮̗̟͎̙͈̼̼̯̦̑̒̊͌̈́͐̒̂̉̌̔̿̉̐͑͗̓͛͛̑͐̿̿̐͘͘͝o̷̢̧̢͇͖̝͙̣̯̣̱̩̮̤͖̺̗͕̩͔͔͈͈͈̝̞̗̞̲̟͓̥̟̹̯͎͇͍̫̟̎͛̃̓̃̾̌̓̆ͅt̴̡̨̨̢̖̩̙̘͍̥̱̮̭̯͈̫̪͙̞͎̣̯̺͔̬̝̼̻̯͎͉͚̯̲͙̭͉̰̫͕̾̀̎͐͋͐̉͌͑͊͘͜͝_̸̨̢̡͈̯̞͙̟͇͎̮̣̬̗̱̱͉͕͍̥͉̥̭̺͉̝͉͎͓̯̤͚͚͉̭̝͙̺̪̥͈̜̿͌̓̊̈́͑̈́̾͒͊̿͒̉̽̌̃̇͋̕̚͜ņ̷̢̨̟̪̲̞̥̘̠̳̣̣͚̭͚̪̣̞͚̦̬̞̿́̿̓̿͛̒̔͛͐́̌̉̑̈́̿̍͋̋̀͗͘͜͠͝͝ơ̵̢̡̢̫͖̝̘̫̟̖̻̝̣̺̺̹̹̖͉̩̰͎̻̙̘̰̘͎͆̈́̎̑͐̆̾̒̋̈́̓͊̊̅̀͑̿͂̈̐͒͌̇̏̓̌̓̈́͗͆̑̋̅̕̕̚͜͝͝ͅt̷̪̺͙̹͖̩̣̱̃̔̑̋͒̑͂̈̾͑̑͐͌̒̃̏̏͗̊̌́̉̄̊̒͛͜͝͠͝͝i̴̡̨̮̰̮̭̜̥͉̭̙̗̳̖̖̲̘̖̦̠͔̻̞̣̞̫͓͔̫͚̥̭͙͈̍̍̅̀̍̽̎̈́̔̅̈̂͊̈́͝f̷̧̨̨̘̞͔̖͇͕̖̝̩̫͈͎̯̲͙̘̻̭̮͓͕͔͕̣̤̥̫̰̳͍̜̣̙͍͕͙̆̔͊̎̎͆́͒͋͘̚͝ͅi̷̫̼̥͙̗̙̮͈̥̲̥̥̞̪̳͉͔͍̼̬̪͎̼̜͇͇̩̮̜̹͎͚͒̾̋͆e̸̡̧̢͎̥̥̺̯̗͉̙̣̙͎͚̳̹̳̥̗̠̞̰͍̠͖̮̥̖̼͖̼͊͋̈̈́̾̅͗͋̿̔̿͛̒͊͂̂̽͐̾͑̀̆̒̊̓̽̆̚̕͘̕ͅr̶̢̡̛̛͎͉̗̦͉̬̘͓̤̱̩̮̭͎͚̪̳̅̒̽̐̀̍̈́́̂͆͋̌͛͂̎͑̑̉̒̎̓͆̐͜͝(̸̧̨̛̟̤͉̤̺̥͇͓̱̟̘͔̖͓̼̫̳̝̹͕̓̋̆͂̌̽̔̄̎̏̐̀̊̓̐̓̈́̕͜͠͝*̷̢̨̨̫̭̘̗͉̳̟̞͚͉͚͈̘̦̩̜͈̪̺͇̥̥͍̭̝̞̩͙̞̳̏͜(̷̢̢̧̢͖̥̥̺̮̦͖͈̜͍̝̙̹̦̠̪̪͍̣̜̣̫̰̠͉̳͈̬̘͇̤͌͐̔̌̋͛̓̔̏͝͝s̶̫̞̫̫̙̩̒̋̅́͛̓̌͗̄̌͜͝t̸̤̣̔̌̑̾͆͒͑͑̎̉̽͐̉̀́̾̓̀̒͑͑̇̄̉͒̈̎̏͂̎̽͛͛̄́́̚͝͝͝͠r̸̡̨͚͔̲̫̘̥̭͔̟̙̘̪̦͉͚̜̣̯͍̱̥̪̼̥̲̦̥̣͓̻͍̰̬̲̣̹͉̱̅ͅͅu̵̢̧̺̲̟̪̙͚̘̫̯͔̰͖͙̻̻͍̠̣̩͎̤̬̟͕͙͚͚͈̞͓̱̼̹̩͒̌͗̆͜͜ͅç̷̝͔̦͔͉̰͖̪̮̝͕͖͎͓̮̘̗̌̇̑̍͑̚t̴̨̧̺̟̟͙͖͉̙̞̖͍͔̣̦̞̮̺̣̱͖̯̯̦̥͓̤͙̱̭͖͇͔̱̹̮̝̩̻́̂̽̋͌́̽͂̏̔̕̕͜ ̸̢͇͉̥͚̪̳̙̮͔̺̲̊̃̎͒͋̈́̔̿͆̔̔͠ͅn̷̛̮̙̤̝͗̂̎͆͆͌̑̓̾̑͊̈́̆̐͐̾́͐̋̔̿͑̐́̒͠͝͝ò̷̢̜́̇̀͆̋̔͗̐̐̍͋̊̔͛̔̓̉̉̄͐̏͝͝t̵̡͚̰͈̖͉̩̙̻͈͍̳̬̰͇̥̻̤̥̻̪̝͖̳̯͕̠͔̯̓̂̇̃͑̈̏̓͐ͅį̴̡̞̝͓̹̙͍̥͎̯̭̞̻̳̤͕̲͖̜̤̜̜͙͚̹͇͙͈͕̝̼͈̻̺͉̳̙̀͂͒̓̊̓̐̚͜͜͜͝ͅf̷̨̨͈͍̱̹̬͔̺̂̅͋̐̓̑̋͌͒̏̆̒̔͗̃̈́́̂͐̓̿͗͛̔̐̒̍̐̊͂̉̕̚͝͝͝͝͝͝į̷̨̢̡̛̛͈̝̥̜͙͓͈͕̮͙̻̼̙̝̪̮͕̰̯̥̫̱̗̳͓̯̼͈̱͎̮̜̙͓̂͐̍͌̉̏͌̄̍͑̋͆̋̏̌̾̾͌̍̉͋͑͌̈̃͊̃̑́̊̐̉̄̉͌͒̀͑͊͘͜͝ͅͅę̷̨͕͈͇̙̭̤͔̥͇͇̲͙͇̼̭̗̤͇̘̭̲̣̭̥͚́́̾͗̌͊̂́͊̀́̄͑́͂̌̋͗͑̐̅̈̑̈́̀͘̚͘͜͜͝͠ͅr̴̺̩̠͙͔͔͎̤̮̟̪̈͗̍̆_̴̧̳̣͓͍̹͖͔́͗͗̉͒̏̇̍̐͐͗͐̂̈́͗̄̿̔̈̑͘̚͠͝b̸̡͚̱̺̳͙̖̥̙̙̣̊̄̒͗̅̉̏͐̑̅͂͋̑͂̒̂͋͒̚ͅl̶̤̙͈̗̝̟͙͓̀̊͆̍̇́̾́̊̔̑̽̇̀͌̈͋̈͑̄̋͋́̒̈́̂͋͛̋͐̒͑͊͘̕̕͝͝ò̷̼͎̫̰͋̇̆̇̎̐͂̍̈́c̵̛̩̻̼̑̌͑͛͗̐͋͆̍̇̏̾͊͐̀͂̇̉̓̌̐̃̽͗̑̇̇͋̇̓̈́̕̚͠ͅk̸̡͍̹̤̬͉̥̬̮̺̳͉̮͖̯̥̤̊̽̅̈͂͐̽̏͑̂̂͌̽̈̀̾͘͜͜ͅ ̵̨̨̻͓̼̭̘̻͉̙̰̼̮̮̝̯̘̫̫̯̣͍̬̪̳̲̱̗̱̓͛͝*̶̢̡̛͉͉̺̲̭̦̙͈̯̜̻̥̭̫̰̺̤̘͉̱̼̯̖͓̝͊̈́̈͐̇̔̑͐̅̀̋̂̐̍͛̆͘̕͜͝͝͝ͅ*̴̝̩̻͚̺̘̫̍̀̉̎̍͑̽̀͗̋͒͝)̷̢̛̳̫͍̬̟͚̖̳̝̥̺̜͇̫̖̝̼̺͕̙͕̗̭̮̲͙͇̼̮͔̞̎̄̾̉͆͗͆̽̾͛́̎͆̊̋̒͋̆̊̈́̂̔͘͜͝ͅŗ̷̧͈̼̰͕̭̼̩͓̰̻̮͖̹̰͍̹͉̳̖̹͚̤̲̗͛̒̂̈̎͌͗̓̐̓͋̿͛͐̒̐̃͐̒̆̌͌̃̑͜͜͝͝͝ͅͅẻ̴̡̢̨̡̢͎͓̖̼̻̘̼̯̲̬̩̱̮̻̮̻̩̼͕͔͇̪̼͍̜̤̦͖̰̐̐̆̒̎̐̂̎͜͜͝ͅͅͅś̸̡͙̯̖̜̭̝̝̥̖̟̖̼̙̥̖͓̦̪̣̆͊̐̅̒̊̓̊ͅͅ)̵̬̰̪̔͂̐͆͒̃̒͗̏̚)̴̨̢̡̧͕̖̹̜̞̺̭̰̻͕̬͉͇͓̪̮̒̅̎̌̈̃̋͗̑̓͘͝͝;̷̧̡̢̛̛̛̤͈͍̖̣̜̬̥̟͙͙͖̓̇̃̈̋̋͌̿̂̎̓͋̉̓̑̈́̈́̋̎̍͋̍̓͌̽̇̌̌̀̒͂̒̽̒͋͑̿͆̚͜ͅ
This was it, this was what he was looking for. He started to read.
He needed to get to work.
#endif
"Tony has there been any recent events with Loki?" Loki??? Why did Steve want to know anything about Loki?
His head hurt....
"I remember seeing him...I shot at him." Bucky took a soft broken sigh and breathed, "He blocked it with his hand, I didn't have control over myself, but I could see his eyes...his eyes, I...." Bucky shook his head and crumbled in on himself, Steve couldn't imagine, he had seen the eyes as well, something so deep and irreversibly broken inside those eyes.
There was nothing...not anything, not a single thought running through Tony's head, but...where was the other T.O.N.Y.? Why was it so silent...It was dark.
But.....Stark....
"No...I mean the night he came down here. I know you know which night...what did he do." Pepper interjected looking really concerned.
idea to -"
̸̮̀̂̀c̶̡̛͕̿ų̷̠̬̃̄ř̷͈͗r̸͎̝̈e̸̙͙̐ͅṉ̸̛́͑t̵̨̑.̵͈̼̆u̷͈̙p̴̢̍ͅd̴̥̃́̚ḁ̷͇̏͋͘t̵͖̐̔ë̴̗́(̷̰̿)̸̟̫͔̍;̵̢̉
For now was that reset memory. Flickering back to his coding he started scrolling, he needed access to the archives. And that was a law....but T.O.N.Y. could show some, he sure as hell mentioned some past information. So...where was the archives. He didn't...feel it? Would he feel it? Wouldn't it be like accessing mem-
"Where are the secret Archives stored!"
"Okay,
Tony stayed stock still and refused to answer as Steve started to walk around the hospital bed so Tony would have to face him.
"I asked what was Howard's password?" Clint then shrugged.
The face of the monster pulled away,
His vision shook slightly as Peter sat up and looked down at Tony with intensity and nodded, good, this was going to be hard work.
"Why aren't you hurt Anthony?" Sir walked closer grabbing Tony's hand away from the large sparks, Tony instantly missed the warmth of the electricity. Sir's eyes were dark and hungry and the electricity started to scream,
wait....
Tony stood up from the white nothingness, towering over the bloody broken copy of him. Fuck, this was wrong.
"Then access them!" Obadiah screeched.
And a mirror.
By the time Tony tuned back in to the Avengers they had mostly cleared out, Bucky was gone,
Great. So he had no excuse.
That there was one universe that Tony was still alive in and the Civil War never happened. He said so, so why? Why was he here? When Tony was supposedly dead.
"Who?" Natasha questioned.
S̷̢̨̨̢̡̢̨̡̧̨̛̛̗̩̳̟͉̥̰̣͇̪̹̻͇̫͙̬̭̥̙̳̟̪͓̭͈͓͔̙̬̫͈̟̗̜̦̭̳̘͎̳͎͇͔̠̘̜̟̠͖̪̙͓̞̻̞̤͇͖̟̻̣̼͔̼̺̘͈̝̪͇̞̜͔̲̤͈̬̯̰̲̮͚̭̻͚̭̟̣̮̤̳̩̥͍̝̟̙̼̱͙̼͕̥̬̮͓̺̰̞̗̬͇̞̥͖̮̺̘̞͈͔̟͕͉͈͎̲̤̘͎͎̪͇̦̖̩̼̟̜̭̪̻͇͇͕̼̼̯̱̺͉̼̙̝̅͆͋͐̉͑̿̑̍̽̎̔͆̑͐͑͂̒̈͑͛̒͐̍̐̃͋̅̋̊̊̾͒̌͂͂͗͋͆̐̋̔̔̈́̐̕͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅt̵̢̨̢̧̡̢̢̧̧̧̛̛̰͈͙͈̦̞̪̬̮̮̱̜͍̫̮̺͇̝̦̱̝̪͓̠̲͙̩̠̗̭̝͇̭̝̯̮̭͕̩͕͈̗̮̤̣̰͍̲̖̜̞̠̻̼̘̙̦̦͕̱̺͓͇̠͍͖͓͕̭̮̺͎̲͔̉̏̅̉̆̒̉̃͂̊̃͗͒̾͆̄̈́̋̎͛͑̀͑͌͛̔̐̄̍̌̆͌̆̌̓̾͆͛̀͐͋̂͂͒͂̓̇̌̏̈́̄̐͑͌̿͊̓͑̏͑̈́̍̔͗̋̿̇̅̅̒̏͌̿͂́̉̌͊̈́̎̿̅́͊̅̔̀͐̋̒̏̂̾͋͊̀́͌͐͊̅̐̂̊̎͂͆̾̔̂̍̍͐͗͒̓̽̇̐̃̐̉͛͒̓̈̄̾͛͌̇̕͘͘͘͘̕̕͘͘̕͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝ͅȩ̷̨̡̢̧̢̧̧̢̡̡̡̢̨̢̛̛͎̘͍̹̺͍̲̰̹̬̗̳̥̘̼͎̮̼̩̗̘̯̘̰̭̜̯̮̘͍̦̜̠͇̫̗̼̮͕͙̟̝̯̼̱̹̘̺̯̜͓̟͕͈̜̹̳̠̠̣̯̘̪̞͇̪͖̞͕̮͔̼͉̲̝̦͍͚̖̜̮̖͕̫̭͈̤̩̗̹͚̦̲̞͉̩̤͇͙̠͎̦̩͔̞͕͍̮̭̮̗̝̯̜̘̺̻̩̲̖̥̺̖͖̼̭̃̀̔̔͊͊̃̈̽̂̽͛̎̈́̌̇̓͛͗̓̓̒̂̅̊̏̅̊͌́̐͊͒̀́̂̿̌͗͆̄̃̈̈̃̎̌̅͋̅̈́͊̋̏̓̂̅͋̉͂̄̒̏̄͋̏̎͆̍̿̃̏̓̓̍͂͒̒͊̀́͋̎̄͒̊͛̏̄̅͐̍̓͆̊̒́̇̋́̿͑̄͋̊̃̉͆͌̎̈́̇̂͐̆̍̂̔̔̊͂̃̾̌͌̈́̚͘̕͘͘̕͘̚̕̕͘̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅV̵̡̢̨̧̨̨̡̢̢̡̡̡̨̢̧̨̨̧̧̨̛̛̳͎̝͕̦̫͎͉̘͓̭̮͉̱̟̝͕͙̼͈̘͚̩̞͎͉͓̻̠̭̻͚̠̟̱̹̠̰̘̦̳̝̞̭̝͈̳̗̦̮̪̞͖̻͖͎̣̙̫̩̝̻̖̫̜̘̙̮̖̦̫̜͍̠͚̺̰͍̗̱̮̺͇̳̳͖̳̘̱̜̫͖̫͈̫̱̻̖̫͖̪͔͙͓̩̦̺̹̝̩̘̗͖̞͈̥͔̻̦͈̬̼͔͙̰̯̹͓̺̙̦͚̥̙̖̥͇͈͕͖̜̯̫͚͎̰̖̪̹̞̓̑̏̒̒̅̽̾͗̌̑̈́̃͛̓̒͛̑̉̓̆̐̈̈́̾̈̓̑̏̈̾̆̆̑̈́̀̎̅̒͂̓̿̓̏̂̊͂̌̐̿̔̊̌̒͆̂͑̓́͋̓̽̃̄͊̄̔̍̿͆͂͑̽̋̽̂̋̌̚̚͘̚̕̕̚͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅę̸̢̛̮̬̱͇̥͇͕͙̩͎̖̮͚̱̘̝̩̬͇͙̲͎̦̹̦̦͍̤͉͇̣͈͉̟̠̙̥̤͇͓̳̱̦͎̦̰̬͚̥͋͊̈́̂̿̍̈́̈́͆̽͋̓̽͋͛̋̋͑͒̍͐͆̋̆̑̈́͋͊̐̉̀̈̈͆̆̆̉͗̆̐̈̓̔̓͂̈́̋̃͑̀̅͋̋͌͛̃͛̈̽̀̀̈͒̀̃̉̃̉̊̎̒̑̌̍̍̐̎̀̀͌̓͑̅̌̌̄͆͆͛̆̽̊̍́̽̋͆̈́͐̇̌̀͐̐̈́̉̈́̃͆͗̃̈́̍͐̽͆̊͛̈́̑̌̉̈͆̽̊̍́͑̈͘̕̕̚̕̕̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ ̴̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̝͙̱̟̮̖͖͎͓̮͕͙̻͇͈̤͇͕̰͈̯̲͌̈́̿̃̎̇͑̊́̏̇͛͐͂̅̒̄̉̐͂̐̊͊̎̽̒͒̔̈͋̇͋̓͌̍̍̊̿̅̎͛̈́̈̃̈̑̇̽͌͊̓̎͗̅̂̏̔͊̇̇̈́̏̈́͐͂̋̍̎͗̊̾̌̂̏̄̉͂͋͆̓͆̓̈́̄̉̊̓̀̾͗͊̇͐̀͊͆̀͆̀̋̀́̆͂̈́̎̾̉͋̿̈́̾̀̑̇͛͊͌̔͂͂̍͂͗͛̑́̋͊̈́͐̉̆͊̇̌̎̽̃̈́̉̈́̒̊̾̽̐̿͂̈́̊͂̍͊͐̇͌͋̀̓̒̄̑̈́͋̓̉̾̐̀̅̆͒͌̃̈͛̾̃̊̽̔̈́̎̃̓̿̂̏̏̄̈́͑̈̂̌̃͆́̾̿̿͛̂̀̍̍͒̒̿͐͋̇̈́͌̈̉͗͛̇̌̈́͆̓̑̃̆̑̄̽̈́́̋̓̇̕͘̚̕͘͘̕̚͘͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅS̴̡̧̢̡̨̢̢̢͖̘̬̼͔̩̰̻̺̥̤̘̣̩̪̤̝̭̹̖̮͖͚̜̖̠̫͉̱͔̹̜͎̙̱̯̣̬̱̯͖̞͍͙̣̗͍̳̰̻͙̱̳̟͚͓̦̺̼̬̼͕̘̙̲̫͖̳͔̋̅͒͐͐͒̒̈́̿̕̕͠ͅt̶̨̢̡̨̧̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̻̯̯̗͍̙͕̩͉̤͈̪̝̙̣͕̳̼̪̣̱̺͓͙̪̞̜̫̺͙͍̥͍͔̝͍̩̭͈̤̟̥̩̞̙̥̪̼̲̻̰͕̻̤͖͖̟̞̥̞͔͖̟͉̬͚̦͒̾͋͗͆̀̎͆̎̊̎̂̊̍̎̊̍̇̈́͛̄͗̽̌̊̓͋͐̂͋̈́͂͋͐̈́̊̈́̉͂͒̅̽͌̊̆͗̀̀̓̽͛̓̇͊̄͛̋̇͑̈̍͌̆̍̋̈́͂̊̓͗̉̌̋͌̃̂̈́̍̐̄̽̈́̌̎̈́̈́̈̄̉͐̿͗̀̆̌̉̆͗̈́͛͒̓̃́͒́̏̈́̒͗͆͊̑͗̒̃̎͋̈͋̀̅̔͒̾̌͗̉̄͌͐̊̅̃̔̈́͗̊̍̓̂̆̈̿̚̚͘̕̕̚͘̕͘̕̚̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅơ̷̛̬͚͕͕̻̩̦̺̰͉̞͚̥̖͕͇̄̇̌̎̋͂̊̈́͊̿̽̌͋͆̀̇̉̒͊̃̽̌́̋͛̐̌̍̀̈́̃́̔̅̈́̈́͊͆͐͒̆́͆͛̀̇͛͂̂̏̀͂͐͂̐̏̿̑̉̀̅̎̏͊̈̈͛͛͛̔̊͆̈̍͐̏͐̂̈̍̃̈́̂̒̿̑͛̀̌̈́̄͌͂͛͌͂̔̂̊̆͐̕̕̚̚̕̚̕͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠P̷̡̢̡̧̡̡̨̧̢͚̭̪͉̬̗̖̝̮͙̰̺͔̲̤̮͔͙̦̜̗̹̝̻̰͈̞̞͕̯̼͔̝͕̱͖̗̣͍͍͓̰̱̩̜͎̞̲̳͔̯̥̠̜̱͖̯̮͍̝̺̹̟̬̾̿͋͑̾̆̐͌̍̏̈́̔̈́̀̓̌̌͑̂̑̽̍͒͊̾̑̊̽̈̇̐́̑̈́̔̍̉̊́̆́͋̿̐͒͌̊͛́̊̏̋̉̿̓͊̃͌̈́͒̓̿̅̈͋̂͆̒͂͛͐̈́̈̅́͒͆̀͒͗̐̃̆͑̄̊͐́͐̾͊͒́̆̽̓̅͑̈́́̃̎̀̏̉̄͂̀̓́̓͌̿̚̚͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅ! P̵̡̨̧̡̡̡̢̨̡̨̡̨̢̡̨̨̢̨̢̧̡̛̛̛̯̯͍̟͚̮̻̩̱̝͍͇̥͙͔͕̯̫̳̬̰͔̬̜̦͚̟̮̫̭̬͎̣̻̺͎̳̝̣̖̖̪̜̫͎͈͚͙͙̪͈̼͓͍̣̰̰̘̞͓̣̜͈̜̬͚͓͓̮̜͔̪̺͎͕͙̝͖̦̹͉̭͔̘͉̣̮̞͍͙͎̗̙̯͙̲̲̪͙̥̣͙̦̟̟̥͇̲̘͔͈̙̮̪̤̯̪̩̳̬͈̘̗̰̻̲͕̟͈̥̝͙̣͓͍̫̟͙̝͕͍̗̝̟͎͕͖̹̞͉̥̬̣̲̩̣̣̮̄̅͗̇̇͂̊̈́͛̾̂͗͂̊͊͌̈́̎̄͗̏̄͑͗̏̎͋̽͛͂̃̓́̐̔̈́̓͒̋̂̎͛͊̂͑̓̑̃̿̉͛͋̂̈̈̒͑̈̀͊͋͐̐̓̿͛̌̈́͌̾̆͒͑͒̈́͛̔̽̓̑̒͋̆̆͒̅̀̆̃̈͂͛̑̔͑͛̋͆̓͘̚̚̚̕͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͝͠ͅL̸̢̧̡̡̨̡̧̢̨̢̡̨̨̧̢̨̢̢̨̨̧̧̛̛̮͕̲̰̬̤̙̠͖̫͍̼͖̩̬̼̦̝͎̮̟̦̗̤̤͇̭͇̱͓̦͇̰̘̯̣͉͉̟̤̥̜̬̱̭͓̭͔͓͎̝͖̩̻̱͓̼̼̼̘̫̝̺͍̲̟̹̳̜̺͚̟̜̙̬̘͉̫̥̥͙̖̱̤̹̜̗̻̱͎̫̪̦̦̗̞̬͍̼̳̱͙͔̖̮͉̝̪̼͔̮͈̲̠̮̘͇̻̩̤̝̤̲̖͎̯̯̺͕̣͉͉̭͓͍̳͙̺͈̗̰͚̰͔̫͍͖̜̯̙͇̫̬̙̙̟͚͇͉̼̻̜̼̊̑̂̊̍͆̅̓̾́̎͊̒̇̉̊̐͋̐̓̀̌̂̌̑̇̓̓̋̓̊̽͌́̍́͌̎́̓̿̇̈́͌̑̎̽͋͋͊̈́̍̄̒̿̆͑͛̏̆̔̎̃̆͂̎̄̓̾̇̃̆̉̂̂̋̂̾̒́͂̓́̿̍͊̀͛͌̿̋̾͊̈̀̾͋̑̿̈́̓͂̈̇̂̇͋̔̑̔́̔͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅe̴̡̧̢̢̨̢̢̢̨̢̡̡̧̡̧̡̡̢̢̢̢̨̡̼̮͕͇̪̮̥͇̥͈̲̳̖̩͍̼̟̱̘̜̫̘̹̱͔̹͇̳̞̻̩̻̖͇͖͇̬͍̬͈̦̙̩̥͓̮̜̻̲̜̰͚̼̬͚͓̯͕͈̩̳̰̭͔̘͚̰̳̫̯̰͓̬͉͕͍̗̻͇̝͓͉̫̬̫̟͎̩̘̗͙͇͓̻̪̩͙̘̖̖̲̫̗͎͔̱̮̗͙̻͙̹̻̖̥̤͈͙͔͉̺̲͇̩̺͎̹̞͔̗͇͚̱̜̺̟͈̜̩͙̥̬͔̯̫̱̞͚̮͙̞̯̭̺͈̬̫̬͎͖͍̝̭̙͎͍̙͔͙̝̬̝͙̣̫̙̟͖̖̱̩͖̝̤͙̳̫͓̯̪̟̥͈͚̼̭͎̘͈̯̯͕̩̗͓̫̮͍̭̞͇̞̖̻̘̙͉͖̫̤̣̙̳͓̺̻͖̼͖̞̊́͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅĄ̵̧̢̧̨̢̢̧̢̨̛̛̛̛̼̲͉̦̣͎̫̝͉̻̩̤̝̯̮̺̬̩̪̗̠̗͇̩̼͇̰̝̱͍̞͈̙̮̗̠̥͓̜͔̙͉̼̼̝̩̦͈͍̠͖̪̼̟͔̳͈͙̟̞̟͕̩̠̼̦͔̹̺̞̰͉͖͙̣͇̫̰̠̯̱̼̥̙̪̫̣̬̮͓͍̟̰̞̰͈̟̼̫̤̥̱͕͙̞͉̍͊͒̾͒̇̔͊͐̆̏͋̋̍̈́͗͊͆̔̉̐̍̀̈́̒̈́̊̏̓̀̎̍̈́͂̀̓͛̉̂͗̈́̈͋̓̓͋͊͂̾͆̂̆̋̉̍̏̈́͌͌́͂̑̔͛̿̍̐͐̈́͑̈̏̏̆̊̐̑͂̂̽͌̋̑̓̈́̑͐͌̊̐̑̈̅̎̽̽̅̐͑̾̍̆̿͋̏͛̃̀̿͗̍̂͂̀̿̆̂̍͋͂͂̈́͊̐̂͗͛̉̒͒̽͛͌̂̽͗̍̌̈́͋̈́̀̍̆͋̋͊͗̃̿̚͘̕̕̕̚͘̕̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝s̶̡̡̨̢̢̡̢̧̢̨̧̢̡̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛͉̯̜̖̲̲̫̱̝͈̘̦̘̩̼͙͉̪͎̮̦̬͚̼̳͔̖̖͇̠̳̥̜̗̖͙̬̟̭̙̘͍̻͖͎̹̙̖͇̩̻͓̭̜͎͉̟͙͍̗̠̯͇͇̦͈͚̘̮̠͓̼͚̙̹̗̰͉̟̫̤̹̯̗͉͚̺͍̲̼̭̹̺͍̣͇͔̠͖̦̥̱̣̬̤͓̞̖̤̺̜̣̤̯͓͖͖͕̥̘̟̩̤͍͒̈̊̈́̄̑̄̏͊̓͒́͛̎͒̈́̉͑̑̆͆͐͂̎͆̇̓͌̒̌̐̊̀͂̂̾͆̋̔͐̏̂̇̀̏̑͛̍̑̓̋͗̆͒͋̃̐̎̔̿͊͒̉̉̈́̔̌̀̈͛̏͐̆͊̀̐̂̃̎̒̉̓̿͛̇̀͂͒̅̃̈́̈̐̑͐̔̃͊̏̓͛̀̈́̃̀̒̑͋̉͐͗̿̋́̑͊̂̈́͑̏̄̉̇̽̅͌̎̅́̋̄͂̑̈́̃̆̂̆͐̃̽̋͊̒̃̔͛͐̐͆̄͊̀͂͌̀̂͆̔̋͒̍̂̿̋͛̆̒͗̈́͐͗͐̆͊͑̃̏̂͆̊̒̉͐͛̈́̽͂̑͑̚̚͘͘̚̕̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅȅ̶̢̧̛̘̦̼̠͉̲̘̖͚͙̙͚͈͉̪̫̩̬̮̜̥̰̹͚͍̩̟͎̇͑͒̐̕͠͝ͅͅ!
"They are indeed memories, but not yours..." He started softly and closed his eyes as the red cape around him started to react and pull itself around him.
Damn, he had no way of knowing what they were saying now. What was that although about. He really needed to know, there was a chance they could unplug him. He was plugged in, his vision flickered to his dome machine body. Yup, definitely plugged in, but...Tony slowly moved the camera's around his body to take a good look at himself. There was no indication of a power source. He wasn't plugged in, there was no solar panels, or anything of the sort. He was self sufficient, so...they couldn't unplug him. That...that actually made him feel so much better.
"What do you mean....by medical standards?" Tony whispered looking into those holes, god...they were so...
̵#̶i̸n̴c̶l̵u̵d̴e̷ ̷<̶l̵i̶n̴u̵x̶/̸r̷e̴b̶o̸o̷t̴.̸h̶≯
"For a hundred year olds."
Damn...Tony scanned more codes and could feel that same cold fear at the thought of changing them or deleting them, if there wasn't a problem with them he didn't need an update, and Howard hadn't wanted him to change this codes, these weren't codes these were laws. And what the fuck, when had he ever wanted to follow anything Howard told him to do...this mixing was worse than he thought of.
And Tony was an idiot.
Tony thrashed and finally managed to croak out a soft, "No" But it wasn't enough, he felt the familiar sensation of a prick on his arm and he was back into the abyss.
Tony sat at his desk, his hand spinning the disposable phone in a circle. Steve's letter was hidden in a shelf, which one was a good question. He couldn't remember, things were a mess, in his mind and in the Avengers compound.
He needed to think, right, think. Think, think, think, think,
"We need-"
He just felt like he wasn't really helpful, Jarvis had been amazing, Tony wouldn't have lived without him, and yet...Tony wasn't anything like that. Damn was he feeling very down and depressing lately. Maybe he should've asked Doctor Strange to merge him with a universe were he was dead. AND OH MY GOD was AI him a downer, now is not the time. He needed to prepare himself in case they tried to shut him down or unplug him or fuck, even dismantle him. Tony flickered back to his body. All the rumbas were sleeping waiting for Tony to send them into action. Even Dumee, U and Butterfingers were being uncharacteristically silent.
"Ferrei sunt" Clint called out without waiting for an answer. Steve froze...."Ferrei sunt?" Wha-what did that mean?
But there was still that thought in his- well the other him's head- but still his. It was complicated. It was like suddenly having another personality in his head. Like his brain was suddenly that small apartment him and Rhodey had holed into back when he was in college. Except, instead of having his friend- one he hurt- it was another him but different. Really different. Fuck was this other him brainwashed, an-
̷̧̨̡̡̢̨̛̛̛̻͈̭̮͓͈̲͕͙̦̖̠̞͕͍͖͇͔̪̥̮͔̪̳̦̜͚̣͍͍̜̟̭̗̗̞̰͖͕͍̬̘̞͔͔̝͚̭̘̳͍̘͇̞͕̺̞͉̜̯̙̘̋͗͛͐̍̑̃͆̑̅̒̌̌̈́̈̌͗̂̄͋̍̌̌͑͑̔̅̓̍̽̌̒́̇̃̃͒̃̎̌̐͋̈̐̆͑̅̐̍̋̓̇́͂͆̆̇̂͆̓̐͗̒̎̈́́͒̀̒̒̾̆̀̔̈́̽̓͆̆̉̾͛̅̾͐͌̿̓̿̏͊͒͒̾͌̇͗͑̽̆͂̄̃̍̿̍̀̈́̔̂̄̽͑͋̉̎̏̍̋̊͑̇̋͂͌̏̐̃̆͊̂̽͘̚͘̚̚̕̚͘͘̕͘͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅN̶̢̧̢̡̡̧̨̨̡̛̳͔̠̝̣̰̝͇̻̥̖͍͇͖̜̜̼͍͇̠̠͍̯̭̞̖̱͖̘̲̳͕̦̱͇͙̘͖͇̠̙̪̠̤̥͎̝͍̱͕͙̲͉̘̦̦̖͉̱̮͇̥͈̳͔͚̥͎̹̻̳͂̒̉̂̏́̇̽͒̇̾̋̇͐͒͒͌̂̂̈͋̈̈́̿̀̌̈́́̄̍̓͒̐́̓̿̇̉̄͊̆̎̍͊̒̽̐̍̔̐̿͑̊̈́̈́̆́̔̐͌̀͌̽͆̌͊̓̿͗̓͑̄̾̃̈́́̈́͌̽̂̍̑͆̒̐͌̍͂̏̔̾͐͆͆̿̓̔̽̍̂̌͛̽͛̏̆̾̅̌͆̾͆͗͗̄̒͋͂̾̏̌͋͘̕͘͘̚͘͘̚͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝Ǫ̴̛̙̬̪͕̙̣̹̹̪͕̪̗͔̪̣̬̣̙̪̻̦̝̏͊̅̒͆̂̀̈́̀̀͒̈́̆̽̾̀̄̅̓̋̂̍̔̃̇͌͐̔̊̓̓̑̐̈̑͑́̏̔̋͘͜͠͝ͅǪ̵̡̡̡̢̛͍̜̝̞͕͙͖͉͖͖͖̞͍̦̟̹͇̱̖̰̹̘͓͙̽̌̊̐̈̈̒̓̒̽̋̌̊͑̏̿̓̒̓͗̐͌̈́́͒͆̐̓̉̎̽͆̃̍̊͆̍̐͂͑̅͂̈́̅̽̂̄̈̉̍͐̔̀̓̈́̓͑̈́̊̌̓̽̊̓͊̆͒̄͂̕̕͘̚͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅƠ̷̧̡̧̡̧͙̠̳̱͔̗͓̰͍͓̰͙͍̞̺̪̱͇͓͍͙̥̱̼̲͔͇̱̙̖͉̗̞͙͖̰͇̘̬̳̟͇̭̗̟͓̞̘̮̣͕̦͔̗̟̦̮̩̤̻͔̙̲̹̼̤̝̪̤̳̲̬̤̝͉̲̍͊͒͌̈́̈́̎̔͂̑̈̿̽̄͒͗̇̐͊̐̔̓̈͊̎̊̈̿̈́̉̈́̓̆̊͆͌̃̉͊͊̆̆̅̄́̈̓̈́͐̇͂̐̊̄̂̓̔̆͋̓̎͂͛̊̌̋̓͋͆̔̋̐͋́̒̂̽̔͗̇̏̀̋͋͒̽̽̏̅̇̈́̎͊̓͐͒̆̊͋̎͊̔̈́̊̆͒̈́͐̋̃̋́̾͛̌̾̀̆̌̀̋̿͒̂̍̃͊͑̒̈́̃̑̄̃̕͘̚̕͘͘͘̕̚̕͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅO̸̧̧̨̧̡̧͈̥̹̰̹̰̖̝̼̱̬͉̻͇͔̮̦͖̹̬̘͖͉̰̱̦̺̼̰͔͎̤̹̻̰͇͍̜͎̻̼̞͎͇̰͍͖̦̱̥̞̘̼̭̗̞̝͍̫̙̲͓͂̈̇̓͆͒̔̽̌̀̆̂̉͌̐̾̂̿̊͐̓̋̆̇͑͆̈́̏̄͊̔̋̈͛͛̿̅͌̂̄̈́̄̍̾̂̓̄͋͐̇̈́̂̃̽̇̚͘͜͜͠͠͝͠͠ͅǪ̴̨̧̨̢̡̧̛̤̬̹̫̖͉̬̺͙̱͖̹͈̗̟͖̟̱̳̱̲̥̫̜̹̪̲̼͇̟̦̪̜̹͇̠͚͔̱͓̜̙̙͙̪͚̲̗̥̗̉̉̒̾͆͐̓̓̑̀͋̊̍̈̈́̾́̾̄̽̍̒̂̏̂̈́̂̌̐̓̂̋̍̾́̎̂̃̅̂͂̊̍͒̐̏̄̉̽̆̃͆̒̿̽̍̑̉̏̒̏̈̊̏̄̈́̽̂̈̄́͂̒͊̑͗̓̍̏͐̓̒̓̔̀̒̔͒̆͗͗̇̏̄̎̃̃̿͌̈͋̍͐̎̊͂͒͆͑͂̍̋͋̋̀̈͌̿̃̔̉̎͆̆̾̋̍̂͘̚͘̕̚̚͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝
ERROR
It was last night when Steve started to feel....off.  Sadder than he originally did, angrier....lost. It had started with that nightmare, that nightmare that had been bugging him for a while now. He didn't remember much but at first he had thought it was his memory from putting the plane un- he didn't want to remember that. But that nightmare...it had been just as cold. Bucky had been there, and he was hurt, real hurt and he could see...something...mechanical. It was too blurry in his memory to really recognize it.
"We....we can't...we can't move him." Steve whispered....there was no way...his Brain was cut into pieces...Bruce was good but Bruce was no brain surgeon.
"Mr. Tony I really sho-"
"LOOK! LOOK DID YOU SEE! THERE IT GOES AGAIN!"
"Hmmm, Is there a way to bypass the laws." Ms. Potts asked softly gaining more confidence and taking a step forward from Natasha and Steve.
"You only record what we see Tony." Steve pointed out, "And I know none of us have ever seen such blue prints." He said, and there was that determined face again. And fuck, how was he going to get out of this one, he had to think fast.
Wait...no....that wasn't right...that...He wasn't hiding...? Was He?
"PETER! Breathe! I'm okay! Everything is fine" Tony cut in trying to reassure the kid, god he really did look worried, so terribly terrified.
"Can you say what your laws are?" Ms. Potts asked, which in itself is a smart question.
Where...was he? That was...Sir's voice...
It was whispering at him to change the wires, he had to change the wires, and Tony alsays listened to electricity, it was his friend.
in his life, he wasn't going to be
Wow, I spent my whole day writing this, and I should have been working on my VFX and Coding final. I really shouldn't have said comments are my weakness, it's dangerous. ANYWAYS! I don't think I'll be able to get another chapter before finals end. Now to pull an all nighter for VFX and Modeling.
"Why?" Ms. Potts asked.
"These are the records...of Tony, and you can see Howard working...but...Steve...there are no secret archives."
"Wait a minute! This is the Avengers Tower! I can't go there!" Peter cried out, putting a hand to his head.
"Is there no law against harming humans?" Ms. Potts asked.
"Calm yourself, Director Pirate, I hacked into Shield." Everyone froze, even Director Fury seemed a bit frightened, why were the- OW! Fuck what was that? Tony could feel electric shocks running through his brain as error after error flooded his vision.
"No law against harming humans?" Natasha asked looking pointedly at Ms. Potts. Ms. Potts nodded and looked back at Tony with a determined face.
Tony could hear the motions of the wire tugging away at something, the soft squished sounds doing nothing good for his nerves. Tony gave one more violent tug and with another sickening pop, sounding like a water bubble exploding Tony's eyesight went black.
Tony could practically feel the loud groan of exasperation from his more computer self.
"Why?"
Then his eleventh birthday came around and there's no letter for a magic school or a secret academy, and another year passed and things became even darker as once again nothing happened except for Sir.
Those eyes...those eyes weren't his own....they were pits...pits of nothingness. No whites...just gaping holes, and Tony could see it...see it...
And when Aunt Peggy visited she listened, she even crouched down to listen to the buzz of his nightlight! She listened to the electricity! Although she wasnt happy about the black eye and broken arm, but Tony didn't mind, Sir was just bad when he had his special drink, that's all.
Steve walked forward, reaching forward and slowly pulled the doors apart. Stepping back Steve looked over at the rest as Bruce tapped his chin.
It was way past his usual bed time when Steve realized that T.O.N.Y. lied to him. How had he been so...he'd been tricked. And that meant T.O.N.Y. was willing to lie. But why....
Right. Peter's suit, he didn't have time to wallow in pity, Peter was out there running around in basically nothing and no protection at all, and Peter always found trouble, without a proper suit for protection, Peter could get seriously injured or worse die, and honestly Tony couldn't have another person dying because of him. It was too much to handle, especially if that kid is a young kid like Peter; someone so good and pure, who deserve better than they receive.
"I...think...we're stuck here...?" Steve uttered looking back at Ms. Potts, her hair was a mess and her shirt was disheveled. She turned back to the machine and placed her hands on it. Steve knew the metal wasn't cool yet, but Ms. Potts seemed more erratic about this. She banged her hands on the metal when the small robots lifted their hands and started to pull on Ms. Pott's pants. She stumbled back as the robots seemed to pull harder. "Stop..." Ms.Potts uttered at the bots. Steve slowly stepped forward and lightly grabbed Ms. Potts' arm.
Tony could feel how weak his muscles were, he remembered how muscles used to feel, and this...this was definitely not that. Tony slowly twitched his fingers and with a loud snap Steve scrambled up to look at Tony with the brightest...bluest eyes Tony had seen in a while. Even the small imperfection of green seemed to drag out the bluer portions on his eyes. Steve's eyes were wide and his mouth agape, and when their eyes met, Steve smiled impossibly bright.
He'd wait for tomorrow, maybe it was just an off day. It was relax day, but Steve sure didn't look like he was relaxing. He was blowing off steam, which could be considered relaxing? He was getting off tracked, tomorrow, tomorrow was the day he would decide.
Tony was trapped by his own name, and then he was so desperate to be considered good he ruined his only chance to be anonymous again...
He had 10 minutes. Tony flickered back to the Avengers in the Quinjet, they had Bucky's arm, that was good, no start from scratch.
It...was circular...and dimmed and brightened, as if it was breathing...it...looked familiar. Too familiar. It was the arc reactor.
(See the end of the chapter for
"As I was saying alternate realities, are worlds that start off the same as yours, but you take different choices, everytime you make a decision another you in another reality makes a different decision. Do you understand?" Doctor Strange supplied calmly like he wasn't just shattering everyone's minds.
"Look everyone, Everything is fine-" Fuck they were locked in until Tony...Tony..." we will figure this out together." Steve called out holding his arms out, letting them all know, it was all good, this...Doctor Strange was going to be able to help...or well, maybe have answers.
why was it so hard to hear? "
"He isn't a villain." Bruce said taking a seat on the floor, cross-legged, which Steve had never seen him do before. But he didn't have time to really focus on the oddity of it, since the comment alone was something that shook Steve to his core. Why did he feel so cold at that....
It had been a bit unnerving, especially when Tony had failed to wake him up on time, not that it was Tony's fault, but the thought just made him uncomfortable and feel even more off than before. And then when he landed in Moscow....and...Bucky was just on the floor his arm was
But....Stark men were made of iron...
This bitch empty!
He lifts up his shield, and he doesn't want to,
Which meant he would have that god awful suit, Tony was going to have to reach out to the kid sooner or later. It was too dangerous to leave Peter by himself.
I'll try and get better at the next posting, hopefully much sooner.
Thanks for reading!!
"Even if I wanted to...I don't know how." What...she didn't know how? That means...not even SI knew about him.
Natasha finally peered inside the dome.
The Alarm went off and so did all of Steve's mental sirens. He had killed Tony and something had already gotten inside.
"Like I was saying...we don't know what messing with this lock will do." Bruce spoke out softly, finally pulling his eyes away from Steve...when...when had Bruce talked about that? Steve nodded, not fully comprehending, looking down at the scanner and the soft blue light the scanner gave off, it seemed almost....lovely...to look at, comforting.
There was Clint again, flickering back to Pepper he felt a little sick.
He flicked his wrist again spinning the phone even faster.
Tony tested the waters slowly, reaching out with himself, it wasn't like expanding his mind or thoughts, like some meditation bullshit, but rather spreading his arms out and legs after being crumpled up like a piece of paper.
." Natasha stressed the word urgent. Steve always hated when she did that, it meant things were really bad. "We can meet you at your office, make sure we don't have any delays" She looked Steve in the eye as Clint walked out with almost ten pizzas. Natasha glanced back as she snapped the phone closed.
"She's the last one?" Natasha nodded.
and he felt sick all over again, like he was back in that nightmare. Back in the cold with that evil monster that had
