"We have some samples for you to analyze." Sam stepped off the elevator last, one hand firmly holding Redwing in place on his shoulder, and nodded at Hank.
Hank's frown had shifted from irritated to stubborn. "I'm not going to drop or suppress a line of scientific inquiry just because the results could be used badly. All science can be used badly."
"I know," Wanda said, in a tight, choked voice, "but that doesn't bring them back. It doesn't make it any easier. I keep seeing it every time I close my eyes – the mansion burning, Vision being torn apart..." She trailed off, one hand pulling and twisting at the fabric of her jacket sleeve.
If they hadn’t been in the infirmary, with Tony being cut up and stitched back together right there in the next room, and if Sharon and Carol hadn’t intervened, he would have ended up having a shouting match with Sam right there in the infirmary bay.  And Sam hadn’t needed that, no matter how much Steve wanted to impress on him exactly how suicidally stupid he’d been.
It did nothing, of course. She moved almost too quickly for Steve's eyes to follow, knocking the arrow from the air with a swirl of her heavy cloak.
He backed up and re-read the first paragraph on the second page again. "'Dr. Pym was previously under investigation for his role in the enforcement of the now-defunct Superhuman Registration Act,'" he read aloud, "'but all charges have since been dropped. Chief among those charges was the death of superhero and respected scientist Dr. William Foster, killed by a clone of Thor, Dr. Pym's teammate. Foster is not the first death that can be laid at the feet of one of Pym's creations...'" Steve broke off, his irritation at Tony redirecting itself toward a new target. "And then she speculates about whether Ultron and your clone had anything to do with Hank's 'psychological breakdown.'" He looked up at Jan, who was glaring down at both of them. Even seated and with her standing, he didn't have to look up far to meet her eyes. "I'm so sorry. Ms. Floyd and I didn't get along the last time we met. She's... abrasive."
"Remember," Tony said, as he set the quinjet down in the courtyard in front of the Metropolitan museum - any other form of transport would have taken too long - "if they break anything, we're going to have to pay for it, so try to get them outside the museum before we engage them."
He was very carefully avoiding thinking about the body parts he was missing; he wasn't ready to deal with that yet. He was that never going to be ready to deal with that.
a good time to tell him about Wanda; at least it would distract him. To be honest, Clint had expected the news about Thor to distract Cap for more than just a couple of minutes. "I was talking to Carol a couple days ago," he began.
"Breathe," she ordered.  "Slowly."  She pushed down on his shoulders, gently, trying to keep him from getting up or moving without hurting him more.  "You've just had the air knocked out of you."  Once, she could have forced that to be the truth.  Now, she just had to hope it was.
A lot of those two months after Steve had been shot were a grey blank in Tony's memory, anyway, the details fuzzier than he would have cared to admit, especially to Steve.
, who was always confident and in control. He'd been confident and in control two days after coming back from the dead. In his shoes, Peter would have still been freaking out and checking every hour to make sure he wasn't growing extra arms, which was what
"I hear you."  Sam drew his feet up onto the couch and sat cross-legged, foiling the cat's attempts to bite and kick at his other foot.  "Tony might be able to track them through the sensor readings we sent him."
Hank nodded slowly. "You're my teammate," he said, voice stiff and hesitant. "And you're not- I'm still- I can't-" he gestured jerkily with both hands, clearly struggling for words. "You wouldn't want to do that with
"They're trying," Don assured her. "We didn't know where Doom's headquarters were, or where he and Sin had taken you."  Then the embarrassing part.  Better to just admit it up front and get it out of the way.  "Thor thought he could get some answers out of Loki if he confronted her."
"It's the twenty-first century; people should be better than this!" He knew it was ridiculously naive as soon as he said it; for all the social changes for the better than had happened while he was on ice, human nature itself never changed. He had known what they were letting themselves in for by making their relationship public, but he hadn't been able to stop himself from hoping that people would be better than his expectations. They'd failed to be on more than one front. "It's not just this, it's... you've seen what that columnist in the Post has been writing about all those mutants getting their powers back." Newspaper columnists calling for a return to mandatory registration of superhumans because of "the renewed mutant presence" was just a mildly irritating symptom of a much larger problem. Violent crime had been steadily rising all over Manhattan and the parts of Brooklyn closest to the East River for weeks, but the string of attacks on visible mutants and people who happened to look vaguely like they might have been mutants in Staten Island couldn't be blamed on Chthon's influence, unless his reach extended even farther than they'd assumed.
"You need sleep," Steve pointed out, forcing down the hurt caused by Tony's silent rejection. "If you swear on your repulsor gauntlets that you will go straight to bed, I'll let you leave on your own recognizance."
"Almost  six months," Tony corrected casually, "minus the nine weeks after the  team broke up, before we put the new one together."
Jan smiled at him through the monitors, and even knowing that she'd probably orchestrated this whole thing to try and drag him out of his lab and make him 'do something fun,' Hank couldn't be annoyed with her. "He's got a point, honey. Come on. It'll be fun. I'm just going to go upstairs and watch the two of you get all sweaty."
The cat was, in fact, staring at him. It was sitting on the floor a foot or so away from the couch, unblinking blue gaze fixed on Rhodey.
Clint had said – he had told her that someone he loved had died, a friend. It hadn't meant anything to her at the time. She had even mused on the irony of it, later, during those brief moments of freedom and lucidity; he'd come to Mount Wundagore because of someone else's death, and had brought something inside of Wanda back to life, without ever realizing what he had done.
"My armor's got four times the firepower of Tony's," he said, in a conversational tone. "If you hurt him, you'll get to experience it firsthand."
Wanda shook her head, wisps of hair flying around her face. "No, but I ought to be able to use it to disrupt the spell."
Loki was not a representative of the US government, or anyone else they had any reason to respect, and had in point of fact tried to kill them all more than once. Trusting Wanda and letting her back onto the team – probationary Carol's ass, she was pretty much on the team again – was bad enough without accepting help from the overtly, self-admittedly evil.
Luke and Peter shouldn’t have had to bloody their hands, though.  Or Danny, or Jess, or anyone else they’d had with them.
The steel alloy of his breastplate made a satisfying clang each time his hammer smashed into it. He had let the dents the Wrecker's crowbar had left if in go unfixed for too long - he had meant to fix it the day before yesterday, before Strange's announcement had distracted him.
Wanda's lips twitched, but then she sobered, the smile vanishing before it had fully formed. "It might not be my fault, but knowing that won't bring Vision back." She tried to smile again, but this time it was visibly forced. "He liked cats, too. We talked about getting one from the humane society, but then I got pregnant, and a new pet plus two babies would have been too much to handle."
Hank nodded enthusiastically. "I need to run more tests to be sure, but I know I'm right. Six people who've gained the ability to biologically produce Pym particles, and Scott and Cassie and Bill and his nephew are blood relatives. They have to be carriers for the gene, too." He frowned down at the screen for a second, tapping his fingers on the edge of the keyboard. "I wish I had some more DNA samples. Peter's the only other non-mutant superhuman sample I have, and some of his genetic material doesn't even look human. I can't tell if he's a carrier for a recessive power-encoding X sequence or not. It can't just be Pym particles, though." He looked back up at Clint, eyes bright and intent. "I think it's everything. All of us. Like unified field theory for superpowers. Steve has it, and I bet if I tested the Bradleys, they'd both come up positive, and Dr. Hansen's promised to send me the data on the junk DNA that allows the extremis to-" he broke off, as if suddenly realizing that Clint didn't care about his amazing DNA discovery. "You don't look excited. I just figured out how to genetically test for the potential to acquire superpowers. Why aren't you excited?"
"That wasn't my fault," Steve protested, a flush spreading across his cheekbones. "It was a very spindly bed."
Nobody had died, and nobody had been possessed, so even though the hospital was keeping Simon overnight and Vision had taken himself offline for repairs, they were all counting it as a success.
"It looks so innocent from up here." Carol's voice sounded through her communicator, sharp and clear and without the wind noise that most sound equipment wouldn't be able to filter out. There were benefits to having Tony Stark design your tech. "How long is Cap going to have us doing this?"
"Why are you so interested in my sex life?" It had actually been Peggy, back during the war -- at least, if they were going by Tony's definition -- but there was no way Steve was admitting that in front of everyone. The fact that they all knew about him and Jack was bad enough; he didn't intend to detail any more of his sexual experiences for everyone else's amusement.
Arguing with Jessica was a lot more cathartic without the worry that this would be the time Carol finally went too far and lost her for good. With less to lose, there was less to fight about.
Rhodey hesitated for a second, glancing at Tony, an unreadable expression on his face. Then he left.
don't have time for it. And I'm not going to bother him with something that I might be able to fix with a single line of code tomorrow."
Steve grabbed Tony's right hand, fingers firm around his wrist, forcing him to let go of the IV line. "They only let me stay in here because I swore I could make you stop doing that."
The warehouse was owned by a local development firm who were business partners with a holding company that was owned by a man who was owned by Latveria. The construction crews who would be arriving here in a few hours had no more idea that their wages were coming from Latveria's royal treasury than their employers did, which was precisely as it should be. Doom had just finished tying up the long and tedious negotiations that had been necessary for him to visit United States soil once more, and he had no intention of watching his carefully laid plans come to nothing via interference from the American department of Homeland Security if he were discovered meeting with a known and internationally wanted terrorist.
Even after years' worth of experience trying to manage his public image, there were still moments when the need to constantly worry over what the media would think got extremely annoying. Especially when other people worried about it for him. "Just because you know those rumors are true doesn't mean the rest of the country doesn't think they were all baseless tabloid speculation," Tony said, not bothering to keep the irritation from his voice. It survived the voice modulation loud and clear. "No one will think you've caught slutty bisexual cooties from me."
Steve half turned toward Sam, bringing his shield up to throw, though he knew his chances of actually being able to stop a gunshot with it this way were next to zero. Sam was already poised to duck — there was a bronze statue only a few feet to his right, and one dive and roll would put him behind it.
"Yes," Hank said absently, as he aimed the first of the scanning devices at Tony. Courtesy of Reed Richards, it was a modified ultrasound machine that operated at a distance and didn't involve having to run gel-coated wands over people's bodies. It produced a clearer picture, too.
"That's not what I meant," Carol snapped, holding up gloved palms defensively. She was hovering, too, now, the ground dozens of feet below them. "Jesus, what kind of grudge-holding bitch do you think I am? I understand that it wasn't her fault. I get it. I'm over blaming her. I just don't want Chthon to use her like some puppet again and destroy the city in the process."
"I heard, but I just wanted to make sure..." A new substance to analyze was one thing, but trying to race against the clock to develop an antidote for something before it killed one of his teammates was not an experience Hank ever wanted to repeat, no matter how eager he was to contribute in some way beyond playing switchboard operator for them all – truly a vital use of his talents when you considered that a) Tony could do the same thing with the Extremis without even using communications equipment, and b) Thor wouldn't talk to him.
"That's the last thing I expected to hear from you," Carol told her. "If Strange is right, I'd think you would have had enough of evil chaos deities."
"I was busy. It was so late by the time I finished everything that it was easier just to stay here. The geothermal plant's official opening is next week," he added.
Tony  frowned slightly.  It wasn't the frown he worn when he had a headache,  though -- Steve had been watching carefully for that one over the past  week, while Tony recovered from the computer virus that had come so  close to killing him.  "What kind of club are we talking about?" Tony  asked, giving Steve a narrow-eyed, suspicious look.  "Because I'm not  wearing eyeliner and I don't think you'd look good in glitter."
Which was probably something best thought about when they didn't have company, Steve decided; he could hear voices coming from the living room.
Carol met her eyes, her face serious. "But he wasn't in control, any more than she was. Any more than Tony or I were when we were drinking. And anyone who loses control like that once can do it again."
She dodged and swerved around energy bolts and flying pieces of metal without thinking about it, and threw herself under another blast of raw chaos from Sin — no, Chthon; she knew better than anyone that that wasn't Synthia Schmidt anymore — to land on her hands and knees at Clint's side.
"You would sell out this entire dimension to Chthon simply to get petty revenge on me for sending you to prison?" he demanded, the disgust in his voice obvious.
They nearly collided with Hank, Sam, and Jarvis as they entered the foyer. Hank was wearing a lab coat, and still had a micropipette clutched in one hand. Tony spared a moment to hope that the clear liquid dripping from it wasn't anything poisonous or corrosive. Then he saw the soot-covered figure in the doorway, and forgot about anything else.
Steve shook his head. "I don't want to be one more person taking advantage of you." He hesitated, then, added, trying to sound like he meant it, "You should go to bed. It's late."
If the Red Skull had passed the knowledge down to his daughter, and if it were actually useful and not just another Nazi hoax dreamed up by men obsessed with the supernatural...  "It would explain why Doom was willing to work with Red Skull's daughter," Tony said.  "And why Sin has it in for Fury.  It's obvious why she wants to kill you two so badly."
The snap when the briefcase closed had a final quality to it. He set it aside and rubbed at his face with both hands, already feeling twitchy at the lack on mental stimulation — he hadn't accessed anything with the Extremis since yesterday, and his brain felt like it was running on a hamster wheel, too much energy with nowhere to go. Was this what Hank felt like when he got so revved up and twitchy?
Tony turned in his chair so that he was facing Steve, and let his gaze travel slowly up Steve's legs to his crotch, located conveniently at chest height. "I think I'll start with something else," he said, letting his appreciation for the view show in his voice. He reached out and set a hand on either side of Steve's waist, pulling him closer.
Clint shook his head. Standing this close, the circles under her eyes and the pallor of her skin were even more obvious; had she looked like this in Transia, three months ago? Would he have noticed if she had, with Chthon screwing with his head? "I don't remember any of that. Just you, and that bedroom in your house, and then I was in an airport somewhere, and it was days later. I didn't even think of going back for you, not for weeks. I should have done something to help you. If not then, then after."
Gritting his teeth against the stab of pain in his head, Tony reached out via the Extremis and tapped into the Met's records on bookings of their private rooms for the past two months. They had hosted a diplomatic function last week, which had included Latverian guests, and a tour of the still-closed-to-the-public alchemy exhibit. How had he missed it the first time around?
Agatha's house had been a sanctuary for Wanda once; she had learned so much there, and Agatha had been there for her through her marriage, her pregnancy, through losing the twins, losing Vision.
"If this was anyone else's little toy, you'd be out already.  Doom likes to put vicious little booby traps in everything he designs; one mistake, and the energy field could collapse in on you and kill you.  Or electrocute me."  Hank's tone made it obvious he considered the first the worse outcome.  "Or it might explode.  I could just smash the base panel or short-circuit it, but that could trigger the same response.  You need Tony for this.  This kind of thing is what he lives for."
"You have my word," Tony said, the words awkward and heavy in his mouth. "If it comes to it, I'll do whatever it takes." Another old friend's life, balanced against the world – such an obvious choice, in the abstract, but when it came down to it... Steve's body would be burned into his memories forever, a permanent reminder that some sacrifices were too high to bear. Happy's face still haunted his nightmares; the empty absence of signal after Tony had shut down his life support had echoed in his head for days, until he'd longed for the whisky or vodka that would drown the silence out.
Steve closed his eyes and drew a deep breath in through his nose. "Tony, I- I don't want to just be one more round of casual sex for you, while you regain control over... something..."
Loki's malicious laughter rang in his ears.  "You've made it even easier than I expected, Thunderer.  No mortal heroes to aid you, no Warriors Three to guard you.  I didn't expect you to be alone when you used my pretty little toy.  It makes a woman wonder."
"I do not care what you prefer to be called. And if you wish to continue our association, you will stay away from Barnes. He is unimportant. Only Strange and Murdock matter." And Richards, of course, but Doom would see to him later. Once he possessed the power locked within Baldur's Bane, he would make Richards grovel at his feet. The thought of the man's skinny body writhing in agony on the flagstone before him was a pleasure to indulge in later, however.
"No," he said again, "but I don't have a choice. I have to go to this and at this point it's too late for me to get a tuxedo in the proper size."
He'd replaced his previous direct, real-time link to the Metropolitan Museum's security systems with a notification system, too, designed to go off if any alarms were triggered.
"I'm immune to most human viruses. It's a Kree thing." She didn't look at Jan while she served herself ice-cream — half of what remained in the carton, which was probably a good thing for Jan's thighs. "Right before the end, if I had stayed after Red Zone. Before that, either I wasn't on the team or she was with Simon, or I was still drinking. It was always something. I never expected anything like what happened. It felt... personal. Stupid, I know, but-"
Wanda threw herself out the window, landing on her shoulder amid a bed of petunias and rolling back up to one knee, then forced herself to her feet and ran.
"I bit my tongue when Doom zapped me."  Which had probably looked gruesome, but was completely cosmetic.  The nosebleed the feedback from his armor's frying systems had given him was a little less so, but it was nothing that hadn't happened before.  He'd brought it on himself, really, between falling so easily to Doom's modified weaponry and then being stupid enough to try using the Extremis to reactivate their communication systems, which was a mistake he wouldn't be making again.
He'd given up wondering why Tony kept pulling this particular stunt. He'd never managed to keep track of how much power he'd had left in the old chestplate either, back when it had been the only thing keeping his damaged heart beating. And this from a man who could tell you exactly how many feet the giant robot had thrown him.
Of course it had influenced his actions. He'd tried not to let it, to do what Steve would have done and soldier on regardless of what it cost him personally, no matter how much it hurt, but in retrospect... He'd lied to Steve to protect him, kept secrets from him for what Tony had thought at the time was Steve's own good. If he'd been acting entirely rationally, maybe he'd have done things differently, allowed Steve to make his own choices with all the information available to him, rather than not explaining things until the situation had gotten out of hand and it was far too late. Steve had insisted more than once that he himself would have tried much harder to come to some kind of compromise if he'd known what Tony's true goals had been.
Steve checked his watch, found that only seven minutes had passed since the last time he'd checked it, and sighed. Calling Tony's office again would only get him an answering machine at this time of night, and contacting him via the Avengers communicator built into the armor would be an abuse of team communications equipment.
Steve's eyebrows arched skeptically. The candlelight painted them gold, too, and turned his blue eyes dark. "I thought only that one pizza place would deliver to the Avengers Mansion anymore."
Manual data input was clumsy and slow compared to using the Extremis, but it was better than sitting around doing nothing while Sin and her collaborator planned their next move. She'd already cut a swath through SHIELD's scientific staff, and SHIELD didn't have any personnel to spare right now.
He blinked again, trying to keep the moisture in his eyes from spilling over. He was not going to cry in front of Steve. Damn it, what was wrong with him?
The idea that Tony hadn't been in full control of himself when he had effectively sucker-punched Steve and left him helpless and unable to interfere while he'd gone on to attack a government installation - against Steve's direct orders, after Steve had all but begged him to reconsider his course of action - ought to have made Steve feel better. It didn't.
Luke  could just be screwing with him, but Peter doubted it this time.  He  sounded too amused for that.  Everyone had known this was going on but  him?  "And you didn't tell me?" he asked MJ, in what was hopefully an  injured tone.
"She stabbed me, too, if that makes you feel better," Sam offered. "Of course, it wasn't with my own weapon."
Wanda was downstairs, inside the tower's basement lab, there to undergo whatever medical and scientific tests Hank and Don had been able to think of, and a few that had been suggested by Tony. It was probably as close as he was going to get to speaking to Wanda alone without actually having to hunt her down and ask for a chance to talk to her.
The hospital staff had make token protests when Jan and Tony had checked themselves out several hours after Tony had rejoined the land of the living, but it really had only been a token protest. Jan had a feeling that they'd been happy to see them go, as much because of herself as because of Tony. The nurses hadn't reacted well when Carol had gotten her to increase her size; apparently it had done some very strange things to all of the monitors they had had hooked up to her.
She had dissolved into smoke then. Even Strange wasn't sure whether she had died, unable to use Chthon's power to sustain her life and physical form any longer, or simply escaped to another dimension.
He wasn't sure which of them moved first. Probably himself; Tony seemed spellbound by the touch, lips parted slightly and expression serene, waiting.
Why did people keep assuming that he had just rushed into this without thinking and had no idea what he was getting into? All right, he
He looked uncertain, almost afraid suddenly. Steve was reaching over to put a hand on his back when Tony's next words stopped him.
Tony blinked. "Actually, no. Come on, if I were flirting with you it would be intentional and a lot less subtle."
Hank pulled a face. "Thanks for that, by the way. It's not like I have any right to complain, but seriously, you couldn't have waited a month?"
It had been Chthon. It hadn't been him. It hadn't been her. He wasn't actually the kind of man that would rape a woman, and she didn't hate him for it, and he hadn't hurt her.
he suspected. Some, like Layton and Shooter, had been on the board of directors since his father had been his age, and he'd once seen Shooter pat a secretary on the ass.
It almost hurt to watch Steve joke with the Falcon, trading the same kind of in-jokes and back-and-forth banter he'd once shared with Tony. No, if he were being honest, it did hurt. The Avengers had been his family once, and now he felt shut out of them, and shut out of Steve's life.
Bucky was a capable, competent, deadly adult – had been all three of those things even when he'd still been a kid too young to vote – and Sharon was likewise a grown woman with a life of her own, but...
Tony reminded himself that Strange was here to help him and very carefully didn't snicker. "So, you think you can change me back this time, doctor?" he asked.
Rhodey let himself be dragged towards the dance floor; if he'd actually put up any resistance, Tony wouldn't have been able to move him.
Sam didn't need to know.  And telling him about the dream wouldn't help, anyway.  Talking about them had never had much of an effect on whether or not they recurred or how quickly they went away.
He had the torso of the armor and one repulsor gauntlet back together when there was a knock on the door.
The lab here was much better than the one in LA. He'd forgotten what it was like to work in a state of the art facility, fully outfitted with latest equipment. Tony always had the best toys, and he'd spent years amassing his collection at the Avengers Mansion, as opposed to the handful of months he had spent gathering the lab equipment for the West Coast headquarters.
Surviving trauma and disaster took strength, especially strength of will, but breaking once made people more likely to break again, not less so.
Prior to the Ragnarok, Loki had tried to kill Don repeatedly, tried to kill Jane Foster, tried to kill at least a half-dozen other people Don knew, and generally made his life a living hell more times than he cared to count. "Help from you?" he snapped. "So you can turn around and stab us in the back as soon as you have the spear back? You must think we're either insane or stupid."
"Then we'd get to be a historic, precedent-setting court case." Being a nationally famous living legend had to be good for something, and Steve wasn't above using Captain America's reputation and name in order to get a more desirable outcome. Not for something like this, where it would benefit countless other people as well as Tony and himself.
The body rotated, slowly, hair trailing through the puddle of blood on the floor, and Bucky's face stared at him with milky, dead eyes.  His arms had been tied behind his back, before, but now they dangled limply, metal fingers brushing the floor, and that wasn't right, he'd still been a kid when he died.  He hadn't had the arm until later.
The Wanda spoke again, and proved his assessment completely wrong. "Chthon is trying to free himself from his prison and return to this dimension. That's why he sent me here."
For a moment, Jan found herself missing Hank so much that it hurt - not the controlling, unstable jerk he'd turned into, but the Hank she'd fallen in love with. She had smiled at him like that, once upon a time. They had been teammates and partners before they'd been married, and she missed that almost as much as she missed the feel of his arms around her.
The massive, Victorian pseudo-Gothic façade of St. Margaret's Cathedral was wreathed in shadows, the soot-smudged stone seeming to draw the darkness toward itself. The floodlight that usually illuminated its five-story high steeple and the giant cross that topped it had burned out, leaving the upper reaches of the building in shadow. The two stressed-looking trees that grew inside cages of iron railing on either side of the building had lost almost all of their leaves; a handful of them drifted lifelessly across the sidewalk, the wind sending them scraping dryly over the cracked concrete.
"You were older," Clint returned. "You should have been more mature; you should have been above all of that."
Cap's eyes narrowed. "You know they weren't given a choice." He sounded defensive, glancing back down at Tony as he spoke.
Wanda stared down at her hands, at the circular, symmetrical marks that now decorated the backs of them. They looked like tattoos, black as ink against her skin, but where fresh tattoos would have stung and throbbed, these were painless. It hadn't been painless when Strange and Wong had put them on, Wong drawing them on her skin with a brush and ink while Strange chanted an invocation to the Vishanti that had seemed to last for hours. His voice had risen to a crescendo at the end, and the drying ink on her skin had burned like acid for one terrible, endless moment, as Chthon's scream of wrath had echoed in her head, then cut off as abruptly as a door slamming.
"Loki," he said flatly. "What brings you to this place? I took precautions to prevent anyone from teleporting in." He had not designed them with a god in mind, even a minor one, but they should at least have given him a warning. Alarms should have sounded, defenses been triggered.
The way Tony had when he'd gotten her kicked off the team over the drinking problem she'd barely even had yet.
Carol raised her eyebrows. "Don't underestimate Tony. Or Hank. It would destroy them, but they'd do it."
He'd never asked her what she wanted him to tell the rest of the team. Maybe Cap and Sam and Thor didn't have to know; at least she'd have some privacy left that way.
it, Steve." He locked eyes with Steve, his voice tight with suppressed emotion. "Strange thinks I could end up stuck like this forever if I do."
Steve's face and ears were starting to flush red.  "And how is you giving yourself a heart attack or brain aneurysm going to help us stop that?" he demanded.  He bent over Tony — who suddenly regretted the fact that he was still sitting on the side of the infirmary bed-and stabbed a finger at his chest, continuing in an increasingly louder voice, "What the hell was that with the communications system?  We had an agreement!"
The padlock gave easily, and blowing the door was scarcely harder. With luck, the bunker's thick concrete walls would muffle the sound of the small explosions.
The female invader lunged toward, slashing at her with a knife, and Carol blasted her back into the wall, expending all her stored power in one shot.  It felt good, as it always did — a moment of pure, unrivaled adrenaline rush as the power flowed through her, a shadow of what it had been like to be the heart of a star.  She would feel drained and empty, afterwards, but it was worth it to hear the dull thud of the woman's body hitting the plaster.
Tony was smiling as well, a small, satisfied curve of his lips that Steve suspected had little to do with their conversation and everything to do with good sex. "Whatever caused it, I'm glad it's happening now instead of two months ago. We'd never have gotten the SHRA repealed."
If the information her man on the Helicarrier had sent her was correct, Doom's precious manuscript was inside there, under armed guard. If it was, her last remaining mole in SHIELD would have finally outlived his usefulness; Fury would probably dispose of him for her, saving her the necessity of eliminating loose ends.
Behind Loki, some of the businessmen were creeping silently toward the door. One woman had slipped off her high heeled shoes and clutched them in one hand, walking in her stocking feet to keep from making any noise. If they could keep Loki distracted for a few minutes longer, they would have significantly fewer potential hostages to worry about.
No. It would be a mistake. He was a scientist, first and foremost, and that was what he had to stay.
Tony straightened up, moving away from the wall, and turned to face Maya. She was staring at him, too, frowning. "You should have let me keep those rings," she said.
He twisted in his seat, looking up at Steve, and Steve was suddenly very aware that Tony's hand on his wrist was delicate, feminine. That there were breasts under that sweater, the faint swell of them very visible from this angle. He even smelled different, in some subtle way Steve couldn't quite define. Like a woman.
"Pathetic."  Doom augmented whatever wizard's duel spells he was using with a blast of energy aimed directly at Strange's head.  "I expected more from the man whose spells have so inconvenienced me."
Hank flexed his fingers, his knuckles still smarting from their impact with Clint's nose. "You know, I really prefer either being small enough that I'm nearly invisible or being bigger than anyone else in the fight." In both cases, you were less likely to get in your own teammates' way.
"Fine. You're not playing secretary. Look, that's not why I called. Don't think I'm happy about it, but it's not why I called. I'm in New York for the next couple of days, trying to call in favors and draft somebody to be your replacement, and I wanted to give you guys a heads-up in case you needed back up for anything while I'm in town."
Steve wasn't as hampered; the two Dooms he was currently fighting both had large dents knocked into their torsos by Thor's hammer, and exposed wiring where pieces of their armor had been torn free.  "But the décor here is so much nicer," he said, then slammed the edge of his shield into the corner of a Doombot's jaw.  Its head snapped back with a force that would have broken the actual Doom's neck.
Thor halted, despite the better instincts that told him that if eavesdropping was dishonorable, eavesdropping on a conversation that concerned oneself was even more so.
Jan, he realized belatedly, still thought that Tony and her ex-husband had had non-consensual gay sex. That was going to be a fun conversation.
“Carol started it,” he returned.  She was right, though.  He would end up feeling like an idiot – an embarrassed idiot – if he actually called the other man that to his face.  It was the sort of thing Spiderman would do.
"Past evidence says that you do," Steve returned, annoyed now. "Drop the SHIELD links. I told Bucky they could call me if they needed back-up."
Hank left the elevator quickly, his movements jerky, every line of his body radiating a mix of anger, frustration, and guilt. Clint sidestepped just in time to avoid running into him; Hank had a bad habit of taking his anger out on other people. Verbally, usually, but Clint wasn't in the mood for a pointless argument with Hank right now.
The band was playing a waltz, for which Tony was grateful - anything more athletic would have put him at serious risk of a twisted ankle, not to mention the fact that trying to remember to let Rhodey lead was difficult enough even at a slow tempo.
"Here," he said, thrusting the plans at Sam. "This is everything we could find. Somebody hacked our computer mainframe and shut off our air system, not to mention all of the security cameras on the top floor, so none of this stuff's being circulated out, but we've also got no damn idea what's going on up there."
Several minutes of banging and prying later, the final clasp that held the chestplate in place popped open, and Steve lifted the dented chestplate free, setting it carefully on the floor.
The pressure immediately eased, and then Bucky whistled softly.  “Damn,” he said.  “Stark looks bad.  Is that all his blood?”
Tony faltered for a moment, completely missing the opening Steve had deliberately left in his defenses in order to lure him into an attack and get him off balance again. "You would never hurt me," he protested.
Then she started to laugh. "A woman," she managed, after a moment. "You've been turned into a woman. Tony Stark, world famous billionaire industrialist playboy, is a woman."
No, she decided. They were teammates, but they were also her friends. She'd get it out of one of them later, unofficially. That, or she'd just ask Wanda, who, judging by the looks she kept casting both of them, clearly knew what was going on.
Jan resisted the impulse to put her palms against the energy field to try and press  closer to him; it would only zap her again.  She hadn't even thought of the others — Tony, Steve, Clint.
Why had she slept with him? She had liked him, yes, maybe even been drawn to him; he had been very friendly, and certainly not unattractive. But somehow she didn't think of herself as the kind of person who had sex with strange men just to be friendly. She hadn't done it before, had she?
Tony shook his head. That momentary grin was gone, but so was the tension that had been holding his shoulders rigid. "I'm at the disassembly stage now. There won't be any playing with guns for a while. Plus, it's part of Rhodey's armor. It would be like letting someone else play with your shield."
"I see Pepper managed to get you out the door in time," Steve said, grinning at him. "I'm impressed." He stood, and pulled out a chair for Tony.
Steve swayed backwards, easily evading Tony's right hook, then followed up with a swing at Tony's jaw that Tony just barely managed to block with his left forearm.
"Don't push our luck." Sam bent down and made a show of knocking on the edge of the coffee table. "If you say that too many times, Jan will be next."
Steve hung up the phone in its cradle and sat down in the chair Jan had vacated, resting his head in his hands - one of his elbows was on top of
Was that why the baker had smiled at her? Why so many of the men she passed on the street nodded at her? Wanda hugged the loaf of bread against her chest and walked faster.
"It's killing Simon," Carol said, finally, and Jan relaxed inwardly at the change of subject. "He still loves her, you know. More as a friend than anything else, but... he loves her. I know he wants to talk to her, but I think he still blames her for Vision dying and feels guilty for it. Simon doesn't like emotional confrontation." She smiled a little, just for a moment. "I think Jessica and I wore him out sometimes, honestly." Then the smile faded, and she added, quietly, "I don't know if he's afraid that she isn't really Wanda anymore, or that she is."
It was even fitting, in a way. She had shut down thousands of people's powers; losing some of hers in order to prevent such a thing from happening again was an odd kind of justice.
Wanda's hands were balled into fists now, her back stiff and her eyes glittering. She stared at Carol with her chin up, jaw set as if she were bracing herself for a blow. Carol wasn't going to give her the satisfaction – if nothing else, she would probably break Wanda's jaw if she let herself hit her, and it would probably get her kicked off the team again. And even if it didn't, beating an unarmed woman who didn't have superstrength would be the actions of a bully, and Carol wasn't going to sink that low.
The kitchen, the library shelves, and the staircase in the front hall were all cat-less, and so was the monitor room. That left Tony's lab, an endless source of potentially lethal things to destroy.
The fact that a relationship wasn't going to be permanent had never bothered Tony before. He generally preferred things that way, with no expectations and no strings attached. If everything with Indres had been real... but it hadn't, and that ought to have been enough to remind him, if he hadn't already known, that long-term commitment wasn't something people expected from him, or even wanted from him.
"I had an appointment scheduled next week to accomplish essentially this," Tony said flatly. "I'm fine."
"I should," Peter started, "I mean, um..." He wasn't an Avenger anymore, but Cap, Tony, and the others had been his teammates for a while there.
The second ritual took longer to perform, involving a circle of red chalk, several candles, and a blood sacrifice.  Luckily, it only required a few drops of blood and she could use her own — trying to bring along a human sacrifice victim or black chicken or goat would have made things a lot more difficult.
"It's not a baby yet," Tony said, shaking his head again. "It's only been a month. There's still time to fix things."
There was no furniture in the front hall, but the staircase and the marble floor were the same. Untouched, this time, with no sign of the crack in the floor where Thor had once dropped his hammer, the uneven spots in the plasterwork where scratches and gouges had been filled in and painted over innumerable times. The smell of fresh paint and dry plaster dust was everywhere.
Thor regarded him levelly. "When you first spoke to me after my return, you concealed from me certain things you had done during my absence."
"No problem," Peter said, and went to find the hospital's lab. MJ and Aunt May would understand when he was late.
No wonder Spiderman was so mouthy all the time; he had to deal with criminals this stupid on a regular basis.
Steve frowned. "I can't believe he's still pushing to keep the government-created superhero project. You'd think at this point he have given up on it."
Jan sat bolt upright, staring at him with something like horror. "Oh my God. You were the gorgeous rich babe who gave better head than I did. He dumped me for
That sounded reasonable. Wanda was a powerful mutant, but Loki was a god, with millennia of experience at this kind of thing. And he was much more powerful than the Enchantress, whom Wanda had defeated several times in the past; her spells only worked within a fairly limited range.
He understood storming out of a fight because you were too angry not to do or say something stupid if you stayed, but Tony hadn't looked angry when he'd left. He'd looked... strange. Upset. Steve had wondered for a half-second if he'd just been informed of some kind of disaster via the Extremis. Then he'd come back in with Jan, only a few minutes later, and appeared perfectly calm and in control. Reasonable. Willing to accept the team's decision, but with that tightness around his eyes that said he wasn't entirely happy with it.
"Looks like we're on our own."  Carol picked up a second energy gun, squinted at its dented barrel for a moment, then shrugged and tossed it aside.  "Let's go find some more robots to smash."
Tony didn't turn around. "Don't stand this close to me when I'm working with hot metal. You're not wearing any safety goggles."
He had, Steve reflected, just told a god to be on his best behavior. Thor was not likely to take kindly to that at the moment, not where Loki was involved.
doing it again. Tony deliberately made himself relax and follow Rhodey's movements. "Some of the women I've danced with have."
Then a blast of energy shot through the air over their heads, coming so close to Carol that she could smell singed hair.  Not her own; it took more than an energy blast to set her hair on fire, even with her Binary powers long gone.
Tony let Steve tilt his chin up, let Steve lift the goggles he'd forgotten he was still wearing up to set them on his forehead, made himself meet those clear, blue eyes.
Steve had him on his feet and bent over the sink with commendable speed, supporting his weight while Sharon held his ridiculously floppy hair out of his face.
"Copy that, Cap," Carol said. "I'm taking out the rest of the windows now; we need to get some fresh air in here. There's this white vapor shit everywhere, almost too thick to see through."
"I can't even remember what I was doing before they showed up." Sam shook his head, winced, and then rolled his neck in a slow circle. "You know, my old apartment never got attacked this often. This place is like Grand Central for supervillains."
The doors started to slide closed. Moments before they shut completely, the cat came dashing through them, a low streak of orange fur.
"That would be now," Sam announced, his eyes flashing golden. "Redwing just saw them coming out of the front entrance."
Steve swayed backwards, aiming a kick at Hyde's ribs that should have broken bones but was probably only going to leave bruises. "You should have stayed in prison," he said, switching his shield to his left hand. "They'll add another three years to your sentence for this escape."
Steve had never needed to be reminded either, and he somehow managed to make the fact that he always ordered soda or water in Tony's presence seem natural.
He looked good – he always did, in formal wear – no longer pale or drawn and tired from pain.  There were still bandages under that expensive suit, though the staples and stitches had already come out, and he was still moving stiffly, but he was in better shape than any normal person who’d had a spear shoved into his gut and broken two ribs less than a month ago had any right to be.
He stamped her passport and waved her through, and once again, her pleas for help remained silent, audible only inside her own head.
"What do you think?" Steve reached for Tony's zipper, deliberately taking as long as possible to pull it down and free Tony from the confines of pants and underwear.
"I doubt there's much dating fashion models left in my future anymore," Tony went on. His lips quirked. "Disappointingly few supermodels are into other women, and disappointingly few of the men I care about are into me." He fell silent, looking down at the floor, and ran a hand through his hair, turning it into a disheveled mess.
It would have made him uncomfortable even were it not Tony, even had it not involved him. That kind of devastation was private. They had had no right to—
"Or you could try convincing some younger heroes to join you. I know Firestar hung up her cape, but she might be willing to help out now, especially since we've already got Vance on the project." Unless Vance's presence would be more of a deterrent, given that he and Angela had broken off their engagement ages ago. That didn't change the fact that Firestar would be good at teaching; she had always been level headed, and her struggles with her own powers would give her a good perspective on what some of the Initiative's new recruits were going through.
Doom laughed.  It was the sort of sound that should have been accompanied by pipe organs and a crash of dramatic thunder.  "You think to insult Doom?  I will beyond such petty concerns soon."
Tony drew in a deep, slightly shaky breath. "And it made me think, that... I was hoping that... does that offer you made me still stand?"
It wasn't important.  The only thing that mattered at the moment was Sin, and the short length of spear clutched in her left hand.
The robotics lab was only a day's drive away from the city; she would return before that fool, Doom, even realized that she was gone.
"Go get the firemen," Steve repeated, already turning away to look at the plans. "If you see a man wearing purple leather, tell him to get in here."
"He is unharmed," Thor said, rising from his crouch beside Tony.  "Doom shot myself and Iron Man, but was not able to hit Captain America.  What has befallen the Wasp?"
whispered - but it was even more obvious now. Dancing with him, standing this close to him, it was impossible not to notice. He hadn't been doing anything with that knowledge, though. He'd gotten over his impulse to flirt with Rhodey months ago, when he'd finally realized that all the stripping nearly naked in front of him and silent invitations in the form of unnecessary touching in the world were not going to make Rhodey interested in him.
Looking at him now, Steve found himself unable to move, unable to think of anything to say. He wasn't sure whether he ought to apologize for the trauma he'd helped inflict on Tony, or be relieved that the pregnancy - and the attendant threat to Tony's health - was over.
After assassinating a foreign dignitary, Tony reflected, it wasn't surprising that SHIELD was on thin political ice, and charging into a foreign embassy and arresting everything that moved would spark off an international incident that would extend far beyond the already tense US-Latverian relations.
He'd initially thought that moment of dizziness he'd experienced after the meeting with the Department of Energy had been low blood sugar, or maybe an after effect of being sick, but it had happened again, several times over the past week. And then, yesterday, during the fight, he had turned sharply at high speed and momentarily greyed out from the G forces. Only the armor's built-in fail safes had kept him from crashing, and the Wrecker had been able to take advantage of his disorientation to bat him out of the sky with his enchanted crowbar. There wasn't any pain, not the way there had been before, when every failure of his chestplate had meant agony, but his entire body felt wrong, off somehow, in a way that couldn't be explained just by being a woman; he'd gotten used to that at this point.
One of the Doombots had stepped back from the fight, and was tampering with the vault door, trying to manually bypass the security.  Had Doom programmed it to take care of the door, was he remote-controlling it somehow, or had he actually deigned to show up for this fight in person?
Losing her had been like losing a parent all over again, and her return had been an unexpected, almost miraculous gift. Without Agatha's intervention, Wanda would never have been able to break away from Immortus's control. For that, and for the memories of her children that Agatha had returned to her, she would always be in the older woman's debt.
"What?" Wanda was on her feet now, appalled shock naked on her face. "What do you mean, most likely kill him?"
Pepper froze in the doorway, a PDA in one hand and a stylus in the other. "Who are-" she broke off, staring at him. "Tony?"
Carol shook her head. "You can say that again." She paused and looked at Tony, head cocked to one side. "Can he hear us?"
Tony was suddenly very still, despite the tension Steve could feel in him. His hips jerked up once, as if the motion was involuntary, and he made another of those low moaning noises.
Wanda made an affirmative sound, and finished putting together her sandwich. "Carol came by yesterday," she said, as she carefully spread butter on each slice of bread in a perfect, even layer. "She wants to talk to you about Loki."
Tony and Hank had... okay, Steve could have lived the rest of his life quite happily never having known that, or experiencing the mental images the knowledge conjured up. The fact that the mental image of Tony and Hank entwined in one another's arms, naked and sweaty and writhing, was not actually unpleasant, just made it worse. Steve forced the thought away and took the phone gingerly, and Jan turned on her heel and left the kitchen as quickly as she could without seeming to flee.
She had kissed him the first time to make him stop crying – silent, embarrassed tears he had been trying to hide behind his hands, his shoulders shaking. "He was like the big brother I never had," he'd said, "and I never got to tell him that, you know?"
That had been one of the more surprising things about explaining the Registration Act to Wanda – she had understood. Tony had expected her to react with the same disappointment and anger Steve and Thor had shown, possibly more so, given the government's long and ugly history with mutants. Instead, she had nodded slowly, saying,
"It's been a very long year." The words sounded more serious than Steve had meant them to, largely because they were true.
Cap was now wearing the slightly hunted  look of a man currently counting backward in his head to try and figure  out when it was going to be exactly six months after he and Tony had  gotten together.
Steve rubbed his hands together, glancing at the door, then stood. "I'll tell her, then. We can discuss how we're going to make this work later. And it is going to work," he added, casting a stern look over the entire table.
Steve walked back around to his side of the bed and lay down. After a moment, Tony joined him under the covers, where he lay staring up at the ceiling with as much space between them as the size of the bed allowed.
Wanda's hex sphere smashed into the 'trunk' of the tentacle just below Tony, and a wide segment of smoke vanished in a flash of pink light. The coil of smoke around Tony's waist turned insubstantial, only ordinary smoke now, and then he was falling.
Jan winced, looking away. "That was a little different than this," she said. "And I've never seen you take your anger out on someone else physically. On lab equipment maybe, but not on people."
Daredevil shrugged one shoulder. "You'll have to take that up with Iron Fist. If those are the bank robbers I think you're talking about, I think he took objection to them trying to use some kind of poison gas on Luke."
The energy splashed across his shield like water, the metal vibrating in Steve's hand and against his arm in a way that made the bones in his hand and forearm itch.  It was bizarre and a little disturbing; vibranium didn't work that way.
He ought to say something comforting, but what could he say to that?  He had no powers – the super soldier serum barely counted.  He would never know what having the power to alter reality was like, and he was thankful for it.
His chosen avatar would have been preferable, of course, or even the interfering mortal sorcerer, but any avenue into the dimensions he'd been barred from was to be seized.
The central hallway of the Avengers' living quarters had once had a painting of the original five Avengers hanging in it, but it had disappeared to the same place that all of the rest of the artwork in Stark Tower seemed to have gone to. The hallway was left looking barren, more sterile even than a hotel, which would at least have had an ugly pastel print.
Jan stood in front of the open window, air from outside blowing in onto her face, frozen with horror.
"No," Cap said, sounding tired. "He talked to Peter, but none of it made any sense. He won't talk to me."
it. Seeing him break down into a sobbing wreck, telling Steve's body things he would never have said to anyone living, including Steve himself. Desperately trying to justify everything he'd done.
Rhodey, Tony felt, sounded entirely too gleeful about the whole thing. He was probably already planning to throw Tony a terribly humiliating bachelor party - if you could have one of those without alcohol. Luckily, tradition demanded that whatever party Clint and Sam threw for Steve would have to be separate, so at least their fun wouldn't be spoiled by Tony inability to drink. Or rather, inability to stop drinking. He was perfectly capable of picking up that first glass; he'd proven that over and over. "Steve's ass belongs to me now," he said, shoving those thoughts aside and grinning at Rhodey. "You had your shot at one of us, and you chose not to go for it."
"I thought I'd help  you carry the drinks back to the table," Steve told him.  Then he  turned to the woman.  "Hi," he said, smiling politely.  "I'm Steve."  It  never hurt to be courteous.
Cap  gave Tony a very sappy grin, and Peter's illusions about his team  leader's coolness were just being shattered all over the place tonight.   Well, except for the part where he'd apparently been having secret sex  with Tony for months without the
"The water is cold," Steve said, after a moment. "And I'm pretty sure the original point of this shower was to warm you up."
He had though the blast Loki had aimed at Thor was an attack, some kind of sorcerous lightening bolt that the armor would harmlessly deflect. Instead, he had ended up like this, after throwing himself directly into the path of a petty Asgardian attempt at revenge.
She should have grabbed for the dagger herself.  She'd never liked using knives or guns, but Steve had put her through the same combat training he'd put them all through.
"Actually, I really think he does. If I hadn't lost control of the clone, Bill would still be alive; he probably thinks I dishonored him by turning a version of him into a murderer."
Tony gave him a long, direct look, suddenly seeming far more collected than he had a moment ago. "Have you?"
Steve broke off, his next words vanishing on his tongue as he realized exactly what he had just said. He had never said "I love you" to Tony, never been sure how to say it, and for a few hours yesterday, he been afraid that he would never get the chance to. The words were out there now, hanging in the air between them.
He'd been talking about Steve. He had told her that Steve was dead, and it hadn't even registered, had meant nothing to her.
"Not as long as I keep treating anyone in a costume without asking what their real name is or how they got that interesting gunshot wound or laser burn. Bloomberg wouldn't like my expense reports." She gestured at Strange. "How would I itemize having him put up wards around the operating room? Or put the kind of injuries he's got now or that half the rest of you get into a normal medical file?"
He'd only just managed to break a sweat, knuckles not even sore yet, when the gym door opened and Hank ducked in.
"You should have picked better allies.  At this rate, we'll have you on the ground long before Sin gets here with the spear."
Tony stared up at Steve for a second, confusion in his eyes; then his lips quirked in a little half-smile and he took Steve's hand, letting Steve pull him to his feet. It had never been difficult to manhandle Tony, but it was even easier now; he was a good fifty pounds lighter as well as half a foot shorter.
"I can't change you back yet." Strange held up a single finger. "Don't be so quick to give up hope. You've been placed under an extremely complex and powerful spell, by a being of incredible power, and I will need to study the magics used on you further before I can safely unravel them."
He was crumpling the magazine, Steve realized, and made his fingers relax. "I told her I wanted to apologize to you. What did she-"
Steve obediently came in, and sat. He didn't know Pepper very well, but she seemed nice. She was also oddly intimidating, but that might just be the effect of all of the stories he'd heard from Tony over the years.
To do it right. His jaw ached with the effort to suppress his fury, to avoid simply charging into the kitchen and confronting Hank face to face, as a warrior ought. Mortal society was not Valhalla, and disputes among comrades were not settled with violence.
There, near the edge of the glass's shatter radius; the imaginary face's left eye was formed by a patch of clear asphalt. Carol touched down, and glanced around for Clint — then saw him, a flash of purple by one of the ambulances.
"I'll talk to Carol." Steve came at Tony abruptly, aiming a flurry of blows at Tony's arms and shoulders. "We all agreed to give Wanda a second chance."
She was trying out a twelve-foot tall height similar to Hank's old Goliath form, so the lasers affected her less than they would have at Wasp size, but the unfamiliar size also made her less graceful than usual. Jan had been able to grow as well as shrink for over a year now, but she almost never used the ability, and it took significant amounts of practice to get used to fighting while giant-sized, or even simply moving around.
Still, watching the security cameras as the rest of the team strode triumphantly into the lobby of Stark Tower, he couldn't help thinking that it would have been awfully fun to punch Sean Maddigan in the face a couple of times. Carefully, while making sure not to crack his faceplate and release unknown chemicals into the atmosphere.
His hair was damp, strands of it sticking to his neck and face, and a sheen of sweat glistened on his skin. The sports bra and undershirt he was wearing left his arms bare, so Steve had ample opportunity to notice that while Tony might have lost some mass, he had lost nothing in terms of muscle definition.
"I was angry with you," she admitted. "For a long time." She wasn't sure when that anger had gone away, when thinking of Hank had started to inspire regret instead of outrage. "You hurt me."
The cat made an irritated snorting sound and dug his claws into Clint's shoulder blade, hind feet shoving at Clint's chest. His tail thwacked repeatedly against Clint's side, telegraphing annoyance.
Tony looked up again, to find her visibly struggling to suppress a smile. "You don't seem very surprised by any of this."
Steve wouldn't let him. He kissed Tony again, hard, grinding his hips into Tony while Tony arched up to meet him. "I won't. You can't. You're mine." Neither of them was making any sense, he knew, but he didn't care. It didn't matter.
"How long have you known?" Peter asked MJ.   "I've  known since we busted that Hydra installation in the Savage Land," he  added; he still felt faintly proud of figuring things out on his own,  before the two of them had started the really obvious things like  flirting in public.
"What flirting?" Tony frowned, suddenly hyper-aware of Rhodey's hand against the bare skin of his back again. Rhodey had always been tall, muscular, strong - like Steve, the pathetic part of his mind that could never seem to get over
"That is not the part that need concern you, however." Thor stepped away from Jan, moving to Tony's side and placing one massive hand on his shoulder. "My friend, you must take great care not to engage in any... amorous activities with any man so long as this spell endures. In order to ensure the success of his scheme, Loki laid a trap within his spell to ensure that my womb would quicken the very first time I lay with him."
He would have to think about it eventually, but at the moment, the mess she had left behind her was more than enough to deal with.
"You're not the only one on the team," Steve said finally, forcing the words out past the tightness in his throat. "It doesn't all come down to you. I should have seen it coming, too. We all should have." He'd taught Wanda and Clint how to fight; they, along with Pietro, had been the first team Steve had really led. And he had let both of them down. He hadn't been able to get through to Wanda, hadn't been able to save Clint.
By the time Hank had finished smashing the robot's head into the floor, exploding arrows had taken out three of the others, and Clint was wrestling with the final one, his bow lying on the floor several feet away. The robot had him pinned against the wall, and was slowly strangling him with a hand around his throat – or would have been, had this been real. Its hand was actually just wrapped loosely and completely harmlessly around his throat.
She landed in a crouch, the shock of the impact jolting all the way up her legs and stinging the soles of her feet.  It was a good thing this costume had flat-soled boots instead of heels, or she would have gone sprawling across the pavement.
"Maybe a little," Tony said. "At least, I hope so. Then I told him that evil done in the name of God is still evil, and good done in the name of the devil is still good, and his being back was good in my book." He said it with a grin, knowing that Clint had been roped into reading half the Chronicles of Narnia to Cassie when she'd been little.
and then he'd found himself in London, untouched and alone and knowing, somehow, that a long time had passed.
"Just knocked out," Steve said, willing it to be true.  Wait.  "Sin?" He glanced at Tony then back to where Sam leaned against the door frame.  "Is she still in the house?"  He should have thought to check whether the mansion was clear before it even occurred to him to call SHIELD in.  What was wrong with him?
The flames lit the horizon behind her as she drove away, on eye on the hypnotizing glow in her rearview mirror, and the other on her dashboard's digital clock.
"Such pretty blue eyes," she whispered. "Always looking at me with such disguSt. Would she like you as well if I plucked this one out?"
"Is there anything we can do to help you guys out?" he heard himself asking. "I'm guessing you didn't call just to share gossip."
"Vance wanted to try and bring in Silverclaw, but Gyrich wants someone more experienced for your replacement. I'll think about Firestar, though. I guess what I really want is someone else with the same kind of perspective that you and I've got."
that? That I wanted Agatha to die, or Scott, or Vi-vision." She stumbled over Vision's name, and looked away, eyes going to the coffee table. "I wanted someone to stop me," she said, more quietly. "I asked Xavier to, and he wouldn't." For a moment, she sounded almost bitter, but then her shoulders slumped slightly, and her voice just sounded tired as she added, "We never seem to notice when one of us needs help."
The thump of a fist knocking against his door actually made Steve jump a little. "What is it?" he asked, rising to open the door and desperately hoping that he wouldn't find Tony on the other side of it.
Maybe the one didn't have anything to do with the other. Steve doubted that, though; it would have been too great a coincidence, Tony going over the edge just days after hitting what had clearly been some kind of personal rock bottom for him.
Hank frowned, then shrugged one shoulder. "I guess it doesn't matter that much. If his blood is still on it, traces of the toxin will be as well, especially in those little grooves. That's probably the reason they're there."
"No! This could revolutionize the entire way we conceptualize superpowers. This is Nobel Prize material, Jan."
Steve shrugged. "I'm not sure, actually. I came here with Sharon once, but it was summer then, and all the specials were different."
Byrne was still clutching her arm tightly enough that it hurt. He was hurting her. She was still clear headed enough to know that she couldn't hurt him, though.
Once again, Steve didn't know what to say. He had come back, and her husband hadn't. Just moments ago, he had been grinning ear-to-ear about him and Tony, but now, as Pepper stared silently at her hands, he felt oddly guilty. Guilty for being happy, for getting a second chance when her husband hadn't.
On the other hand, this meant that Wanda did not have to yell ridiculous-sounding incantations in order to cast spells, which, so long as she was on a team with Clint, was a definite benefit.
Tony's stance was a perfect mirror image of Steve's, leading with his right foot instead of his left, in classic southpaw fashion. "So it's because I'm an amateur," he snapped, "not because I'm a woman. Interesting how you never went easy on me before."
"Do not worry," Thor assured him. "Loki would not risk losing his chance to have his progeny rule Asgard to something as simple as a malfunctioning spell. The enchantment will endure until it is broken by another."
"I had one. You have no idea how many ways there are for something with that many tiny, moving parts to break." Before Tony could offer the inevitable reply that he knew exactly how many ways there were and start listing them to prove it, she went on, "and I was supposed to be at Strange's sanctum sanctorum at one for a lesson. He can never be bothered to be on time for anything, but woe betide the rest of us if we keep him waiting."
Agatha shook her head grimly. It still seemed like her, Wanda thought, not like a puppet animated by Chthon's power, but like Agatha.
"I have it under control," Tony said, the words muffled by his fingers. "I told you, it's a side effect of the Extremis. I damaged it fighting the Mandarin."
It shifted the barrel of the weapon toward the trail of ants and fired, burning a channel across the floor boards and incinerating Hank's final group of reinforcements.  The super-colony that stretched from the Mansion's grounds to the tree plantings up and down the street was exhausted, and if Hank called up any of the other colonies in Central Park, they'd be more interested in killing the ants already here than in helping him fight Doombots.
How did Steve manage to be completely sympathetic to both Thor and Tony, to avoid obviously picking a side? He was a better person, a better leader, than she was – Jan could never manage that degree of impartiality where Hank was concerned. Even when he'd hurt her, leaving him had been almost as difficult as staying would have been.
Tony was smiling, a lopsided, rueful little smile. "I've discussed my sex life with reporters enough that it would barely even be news anymore if you weren't involved. I can-"
The coils of magical energy were heavy, slick, and almost impossible to shift, slipping out of his grasp whenever he attempted to take hold of them. Strange shaped his fingers into a sequence of complex magical seals, envisioning the currents of power moving with his gestures like a puppet on strings. "Begone!" He forced the word out through the strain and effort, trying to imbue it with all the power and authority of the Sorcerer Supreme, of all the masters and adepts who had held the title before him. The Eye burned against his chest, its heat palpable even through his tunic.
“Whatever we fought, it wasn’t Sin anymore.”  Had she still been in there somewhere, the way Luhkin had still been trapped inside the Red Skull’s stolen body, or had Chthon killed her when he took possession of her?
Doom sidestepped, but not quickly enough.  Steve slammed the edge of his shield into Doom's torso, all of his body weight behind it — not the neck or head, not even now, because this was very probably Doom himself and not just another robot.  Doom staggered sideways a step, into the wall, then caught himself with the hand that still held the book and fired at Steve's shield with the other.
"Oh yes it can. It's even worse than having to work with John Walker every day, with you in full-on crazy mode for a team leader."
"There have been three mugging on this block in the past week, and two fights," Matt said softly, his voice pitched low enough that even without Strange's power masking it, the man praying a few dozen feet away wouldn't have heard. "This isn't exactly a brilliant neighborhood, but even for here, that's unusual. One of the parishioners actually threw a punch at me after mass this Sunday. People don't do that when I'm out of costume. Nobody wants to hit the blind guy."
"It wouldn't." Strange dismissed the subject with two words and went to peer over Don's shoulder at the results of Hank's blood tests. "Loki was quite thorough. Your blood chemistry is completely normal again, as if you had never been altered in the first place."
." The temperature in the room dropped perceptibly as she snarled the words, and behind him, Don could hear the faint hum of Tony's repulsor gauntlets powering up. "The All-Father hid it from me behind barriers I cannot break, before he tried to banish me to eternal torment. For centuries, I could not even sense where it lay, but now his death has weakened the protections he placed upon it, and that mortal fool Doom's actions in this city last spring damaged them still further, allowing anyone who cared to look to feel the spear's power." She smiled at him, the angry sneer turning into a familiar, ingratiating grin in an instant. In the back of Don's head, he could feel Thor's automatic suspicion – that smile always meant trouble. That was the 'Trust me, I have a plan' smile, and even when they weren't evil, Loki's plans generally ended in humiliation for everyone involved except him, and occasional public crossdressing. "My powers are weaker since my resurrection, brother, and Chthon's have grown. He touches the world, through his human avatars, and seeks to make all chaos power his own. He would use my stolen power, the portion of my essence that is bound within Baldur's Bane, to break free of his prison, and doom all of creation. Not just Midgard, but Asgard and Jotunheimr and all the rest of the nine worlds as well. And Olympus, and K'un L'un, and every other realm connected to this dimension."
, as if it had been her fault. After he'd slept with her possessed body without her consent. Had she even known that they'd had sex? The thought made the entire thing seem, if possible, even worse. "You... of course you didn't. You were
"She cannot be trusted!" Thor's shout set the dishes rattling in the cabinets. "I will not ally myself with yet another who has betrayed me. There is a limit to my forbearance!"
Tony didn't answer, just kept his face buried in the crook of Steve's neck and breathed in the scent of leather and heat and sweat.
Clint had followed Steve's orders down to the letter, and even gotten the stupid tetanus shot, which meant he was free to go back upstairs. As he left the emergency clinic, he passed Sam, who was being ushered toward one of the examination areas by a student nurse.
Tony hated magic, but alchemy had enough science in it that it might not count. And the chiaroscuro woodcut he could see hanging on the opposite wall, just behind a knot of men and women in evening wear, looked utterly breathtaking in its degree of detail.
"Just lie there quietly and focus on not hemorrhaging to death before we land," Hank told him. "Why didn't you tell anyone you were pregnant? How did you get pregnant? It shouldn't have been possible."
She shoved away the memory of Vision disintegrating in front of her eyes and braced herself for Strange's answer.
Tony was… outside conventional standards of behavior. He could probably confess to sleeping with War Machine every other Tuesday just for kicks and it wouldn't hurt Steve's respect for him, or make him any less an Avenger, any less Steve's friend. Any less gorgeous and desirable.
That was actually a very good point. Steve had certainly seen the damage out-of-control superpowers could cause.
There was something almost sad, Steve reflected, about the fact that Tony felt the need to apologize for his own pain, as if he didn't have the right to be damaged by everything that had happened to them in the past year.
Steve shook his head. He actually enjoyed watching fashion shows with Jan, under normal circumstances, but right now, all he wanted was to see Tony up close, to make certain that he was really all right. "I don't... I'm going to go check on Tony."
And being possessed by Chthon hadn't been. However, exactly how much control Wanda had had over her actions while possessed was unclear – how much of what she'd done had been Chthon's influence, and how much had been her own subconscious desires? Or conscious ones?
It was just wrong to see Jan like this. Jan was never the one who fell apart, except for that one time with Hank, and that had had an obvious reason they could do something about. Tony, too. Tony was all about control, even when he lost it -- maybe especially then. Carol had mentioned how screwed up he'd been while Cap was gone. Everyone had mentioned it. Clint hadn't been there for that, but he'd seen Tony out of control before, and it wasn't scary like this.
"The X-rays are developing." Hank tapped a few keys, then studied the computer screen again. "If you give me a few minutes, I should have the results of the second round of bloodwork, too. I'll be able to tell you more then."
Daredevil was territorial about Hell's Kitchen — the fact that he was accepting help in patrolling the area was not a reassuring sign.
"There's no arguing that." The wind stung her exposed skin, and her fingers were slowly going numb; she lost heat faster at this size. "I've tried suggesting that Thor call her. He won't listen to me or to Sam or Wanda, or even to Cap. Neither will Don." Now that Victor von Doom was involved in the situation, the odds against them had worsened considerably. A chaos deity ace-in-the-hole no longer seemed like such a bad idea; even Hank was willing to reconsider working with her.
The doctor was currently speaking to Maya in a low, conspiratorial voice, both of them standing with their backs to Tony. In his experience, that rarely meant anything good.
could distinguish an LMD from the real thing if he had the right equipment and a few moments to study it, but he was the one who'd designed and built them — but still, it galled.  Doom wasn't supposed to be better than him.
In Peter's experience, St. Vincent's was generally pretty crowded, being a big hospital in a major metropolitan area, but it wasn't usually this crowded. From the moment that he, MJ, and Aunt May had shown up for Aunt May's one o' clock physical therapy appointment, he'd known that something was wrong.
"I was going to wait until we moved back into the mansion." Until they were really back home. "I thought maybe you could help me unpack them then, if you don't mind."
"Touch them, and you'll find out just how much my father's son I am."  The air in the room seemed to grow heavier as Don spoke, like the thick stillness before a summer thunderstorm.  She almost didn't recognize his voice as he continued, "First I'll flay the skin off your back, and then I'll use every bit of my training and knowledge to remove your muscles and ribs, so you'll still be alive and conscious when I rip your lungs out through the holes in your back and let you suffocate to death.  Then I'll hang your corpse from the tallest oak tree I can find in Central Park until it rots away to nothing, and we'll see who consumes whose soul."
Tony had never expected that he would pray for the Sorcerer Supreme to come and save them, but he seemed to have been doing that a lot lately. Maybe if Strange showed up in time, he'd have more success shutting down Harkness's ritual than he had breaking Loki's spell - she wasn't a god, after all, just the servant of one.
He played the energy burst back, first normal speed, then slowed down by 50%, then in reverse. The energy usage was immense and flashily inefficient, and the radiation was all over the spectrum, including parts of it that didn't naturally occur in this dimension outside of laboratory conditions.
One woman broke into a near-run, grabbing a teenage boy's wrist and forcibly pulling him along behind her. "Mom," he whined, "it's Captain America and the Falcon! I want to see them kick ass!"
This, Jan felt, was a conversation that called for ice cream. She brought a pint of Haagen Daaz and two bowls out from the kitchen, offering one to Carol, who was sitting on the shorter of the living room's two couches, her arms folded.
The restaurant wasn't quite as expensive as Tony would have chosen, but it was nice enough that Steve was wearing a suit, something he didn't do very often. It was a very expensive suit - Tony recognized it as one of Jan's designs, which meant it had been a gift and Steve had no clue how much it cost - but Steve still looked a little bit like mob muscle. The width of his shoulders and his general air of "I wish I were wearing a uniform instead of something with cufflinks" ensured that.
"She's been sane for what, two days?" Sam shook his head, frowning. "What if Chthon planted some kind of trigger, made her a sleeper agent? She could be following his orders without even realizing it."
"The news crews are gone," Sam said, as Steve pulled the door open. "And the Wasp says the landscapers are on their way."
Tony glared at him, his face thinner and visibly more delicate, narrowed eyes thickly fringed in black lashes - which were no longer or thicker than they had been before, but seemed more striking now. "Thank you for pointing out the obvious, Hank," he said, in a husky mezzo-soprano that didn't sound remotely like his voice.
He heard the whine of Clint's arrow and the clang of it hitting metal and had an instant to brace himself for the crackle of electricity. It didn't come; there was a sharp shock of static, and the tentacles released him abruptly.
"No," Clint grumbled. He rubbed at the exposed parts of his face with one glove, trying to scrape off the saliva that covered it. "I nearly had my face bitten off. And I've got its spit all over me."
"No," Tony said. "I checked." Just the memory of Steve's crimson-faced embarrassment at the idea of wearing
Tony's eyes narrowed, and his left hand curled into a fist. "I did my best not to get past twenty-seven, but you and Rhodey and Bethany thwarted me."
Tony and Jan followed him to the lab, Clint trailing along behind them, his bow still held loosely in one hand. As Hank started to set up his work station, he unstrung his bow and ran his hands carefully up and down its length, feeling for flaws or weaknesses. Hank pointed to the far side of the lab without looking up. "Take it over there before you break something."
Steve looked away from her. "I wish I hadn't. It was easier to fight her when I could think of her as just another of Red Skull's flunkies, rather than one of his victims."
or any other press outlet finding out about it, which Peter supposed was kind of cool, and certainly took skill.
"Clint!" Jan jumped to her feet, letting go of the child she'd been huddled with, and dashed over to Clint. She buried her face in the front of his costume, her shoulders shaking. Was she actually crying?
"There is no purpose in this defiance, sorcerer."   It was deeper than Sin's voice, the sound buzzing in Tony's teeth and resonating in his bones despite the fact that the armor should have shielded him.   "Your will is no match for mine, and my power is greater than yours, even in this inferior vessel."
She had a split-second impression of a dozen bodies, far more than the two guards her mole had described, and then the floodlights came on.
At least, that was what Steve had concluded at the time. Now, with a little more perspective on where Tony's head had been back then, he wondered if there might not have been more to it than that.
“Not everyone pays attention to your shield in the middle of a fight, Steve.  And even if I had, it wouldn’t have-  she was supposed to be dead.  I could see daylight through her ribcage.  She wasn’t supposed to be able to stab me.”
Steve would have denied that indignantly. He was convinced that he didn't sulk, despite all evidence to the contrary. In that case, however... "I don't think it was me going to California he was angry about. We had... a fight, before I left. When I was still drinking." Tony's memories of the exchange were vague – Steve's hard shoulder under him; smoke thick in the air, making him dizzy, or maybe that had been the alcohol; Steve yelling, demanding to know
"No, but the Goliath costume counts, so bottoms up, Clint." Jan drained her own glass, and Steve was belatedly reminded that they were, in fact, playing a game.
part of Steve he thought looked good in tight leather. His smirk faded a bit then, and he added, voice still light, "Hank thinks this is a bad idea and we're going to jinx our relationship and doom ourselves forever."
Sam raised his eyebrows. "I wondered why you were still wearing your costume. Having trouble getting it off?"
Wanda nodded. "We know. The spell is too complex to be solely Loki's work. Dr. Strange believes he had help from another magician, and I agree. Not the Enchantress, though; it's much too subtle for her."
No hiding, he reminded himself.  Not even from rich strangers with plastic smiles at a fundraising gala.
"Good," Carol said. "Because having Wanda back in the line-up is awkward enough." She put her empty ice cream bowl down, the spoon clinking against the side of the bowl. "What are we going to do if Chthon gets to her again?"
"No. This is significantly worse than normal." It wasn't every day, after all, that a major figure in the business world was magically transformed into a member of the opposite sex. That kind of thing usually required extensive surgery and months spent at a private clinic in Sweden.
Steve broke the kiss, biting at Tony's lower lip just hard enough for him to feel it before he pulled away. "I can't imagine why they would think that." He took a few steps forward, nudging Tony ahead of him until the back of Tony's thighs were pressed against a stack of boxes; the entire stack would probably topple over if both of them rested their weight against it. "Try telling them no for once."
Tony had been his closest friend, once. He still couldn't stand the idea of seeing him suffer. And having his body altered this drastically against his will... knowing Tony, he couldn't possibly be handling this well. The man who had angrily defended his illegal actions to Steve last month had been an entirely different person from the broken, borderline suicidal drunk Steve had narrowly saved from death in a burning hotel, or the unconscious, fever-stricken wreck he had visited in the hospital, but that had been just under two years ago, and who knew what it might take to make Tony start drinking again. Not everyone was able to stay on the wagon, after all.
Once she brought Doom the book and he located the spell within it that would allow a "mundane" human access to the spear, she would no longer need to tolerate his arrogance. He would send her out to fetch the spear for him, blindly confident in his own cleverness, and she would do some spell-casting of her own.
Visiting hours were long over, and the hospital was filled with an early morning quiet; most of the other Avengers had long since gone home, leaving Steve and Hank to keep watch. A few hours ago, a young, black doctor with a USMC tattoo on his forearm had come in to look Tony over, and had suggested that Steve might also wish to leave. Steve had folded his arms and looked at the man for a long moment, at which he had rolled his eyes, and shook his head, but had left without further protest, and had not returned.
Maybe Tony would feel less guilty about it this way. He hadn't been acting guilty - held been acting as if next week's upcoming medical procedure didn't bother him at all, aside from the part where it involved being pregnant until then - but Steve knew he had to be, whether he was acknowledging it or not. Tony was very good at guilt.
"I know," Wanda admitted. "But I promised Tony that I would help him, and I need Stephen's help to do that. And after the twins... I think I need to try learning some new methods. I don't want to hurt Tony by accident, the way I..." The way she'd hurt the twins. The Sorcerer Supreme, the saying went, was as powerful as the god he channeled. The only otherworldly force Wanda could channel was Chthon, and that was one thing she would never willingly do again. No amount of additional magical power was worth risking possession once more. Using Mephisto's power had possible because Mephisto, as a demon, had been chaos aligned, but that had ended badly as well. The Vishanti, the main source of Strange's power, were too closely aligned with order for their assistance to be available to her; she had attempted, under Strange's guidance, to channel their power, and found herself unable to do so.
"I've tried seeing if I could sense the book's location, but there's too much ambient chaos magic in the city now."  Wanda, sitting on the edge of one of the other beds, stared down at her hands, tracing one of the black patterns that covered the back of her left hand with a fingertip.  She had a butterfly bandage over her cheekbone, where a bruise had swollen and split the skin, and there were still tiny chunks of plaster in her hair.
Tony leaned his head back against the glass, eyes still closed, and waited for the cavalry to arrive.
No more hiding what Tony meant to him as if he were ashamed of it. No more need to carefully avoid touching him in public. All he would have to do was tell a newspaper reporter, and the Bugle's entire readership, that he wasn't straight.
The last time Tony had arrived here via quinjet, he'd come out wearing his armor, changes completely hidden by red and gold metal. This time, he was wearing a different sort of armor, the three-piece business suit concealing almost any hint of feminine curves. It didn't manage to make him look any less like a woman, though, not when his face and smaller frame were so clearly visible, nor did it hide the white-knuckled grip he had on his briefcase.
When he reached for the next box, picking it up to set it on the bed for easier access, it was unexpectedly heavy. How many books had he had?
Doom lifted one hand, his gauntlet crackling with energy, and Steve raised his shield slightly, just in case.  Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Clint drawing back an arrow.
Feeling hurt was silly, Steve told himself. He had known about the baby's existence for less than five minutes; he couldn't possibly have any emotional attachment to it already. And of course Tony didn't want to marry him. They'd barely been together a month. They hadn't told the rest of the team about it, hadn't even spent the night together yet, one of them always slipping away back to their own bed before morning to avoid the inevitable explanations that would follow if one of them was seen leaving the other's room early in the morning.
"And I have good reasons now. We owe her. She needs our help." Steve knew that, of course, and being Steve, had offered it before Tony had even had a chance to suggest it
Hands closed around Wanda's arms like a vise, and she was yanked violently off her feet as the grand staircase collapsed in a crash of splintering wood and plaster dust.
The flight attendant's eyebrows went up, probably in skepticism at the sound of Wanda's fluent, American-accented English, but she didn't say anything – just smiled back and moved on.
"I  think MJ has better taste than to go onstage at that kind of a place,"  Steve said.  Or at least, he hoped so.  "Look," he went on, "just go put  on whatever people wear to go to jazz clubs these days.  This is going  to be a team bonding experience."
Three more targets to go, and SHIELD's supply of LMDs would be cut off. Without his army of duplicates to hide behind, Fury would have to come out of his hole and fight his enemies in person. When he did, Sin would be waiting for him.
Steve had chosen to be given the supersoldier serum, just as Tony had chosen to put on the armor, but not everyone got to choose. Some of the Avengers had been born with superpowers, and others had acquired them by accident, like Carol and Peter. Luke Cage had technically volunteered for the experiment that had given him unbreakable skin, but considering the circumstances, he really hadn't had the option of saying no. Sam hadn't chosen his powers, either.
Sharon shook her head jerkily. "This is Sin. She likes to hurt people. For all we know it's something designed to kill slowly and painfully."
Hank's eyebrows arched upwards. "With a knife shaped like that? At least if it's snake venom, we'll know it's not one of the deadliest species. Most of the really poisonous Australian ones will kill a man within minutes."
She shook her head, standing, and felt a wave of dizziness that left her clutching at the arm of Agatha's overstuffed Victorian couch. "There's something here," she said. "In your house. Something dangerous. Something's been summoned here."
The pain was incredible, like grabbing hold of a live wire, worse than the knife in his side by an entire order of magnitude. Raw chaos magic filled him, corrosive and violent and
"Even when he does wake up," she said, "I don't think I should keep staying with him. I placed myself under his protection when I ran to the Sanctum Sanctorum, but now, with Strange injured, I'll just be a big, flashing target putting him in danger. You, too," she added, before Wong could object.
Suddenly cold all over, Tony found himself leaving the conference room and moving quickly - but not running - to the executive washroom. He would have to call someone to come help him. Steve. No, not Steve. Steve was too far away.
Jan screamed, flinching back against the wall at the head of her bed. She drew her legs up and hid her face in her arms, making little whimpering noises, and oh God, what the hell was wrong with her? The other people, the ones Cap would have called "civilians," had been bad enough, but this was
. "It used to be his." The paper was soft, worn, and when he opened it, the pages still smelled like mildew and the mothballs the Army had packed it in, during the long decades he had spent in the ice.
"What?" Steve asked. He was the only one who got to hear that little contented sound these days, he reflected, with sleepy satisfaction.
"It's like a trainwreck," Tony said, after what might have been a small, embarrassed pause. "I can't look away."
There was a thin thread of blood running out of his left nostril, and he didn't even twitch when Steve touched him, but he was alive.  He was even breathing.
"He's tough." Sam was staring down the hallway at Tony and the others' departing backs, with his head cocked to one side slightly the way he did when he was thinking about something. "I don't know why I didn't see the two of you coming. As a girl, he's just your type."
This was the first time they'd seen each other since Clint, Scott, and Vision's funeral, Steve realized abruptly. Since the Avengers had broken up. "Since my old apartment blew up," he said. "SHIELD set me up in a converted warehouse down here. I've got the whole building to myself, as long as I agree to let Nick use it as a safe house any time one of his people needs to crash in this part of the city."
"The costume has nothing to do with what happened." Hank's voice was loud in the charged silence. Tony turned to find him staring fixedly up at Wanda, his body angled carefully away from Jan. "Wearing it will get easier."
"War Machine?" Steve snapped into his commlink. "We need a way in. Avoid the center of the doors; there's some kind of armed lock."
The cat made a particularly vicious spitting noise, and Steve jerked his hand out from under the couch, rubbing at a set of nasty-looking scratches that scored the back of his leather glove. "I'm not trying to hurt you, cat," he said, his jaw setting firmly.
Because Jarvis really would be annoyed if he came in and saw Clint sleeping on the sofa in full costume, Steve bent over and pulled off first one purple boot and then the other, setting them on the floor by the couch.
He didn't even see the second photograph at first, unable to process anything beyond the fact that he was looking at a picture of his own funeral.
"You're not backing me or anyone else up in a fight until the doctors say you're not going to be liability."
He dropped the data connection, feeling his muscles relax slightly as the pain vanished, leaving only the residual ache from yesterday, and forced himself to take a deep breath. His heart felt like it was fluttering in his chest when he disconnected, a lurching sensation that he couldn't help comparing to the way his cybernetic heart had stuttered when nearly out of power.
"Anything Beast told you about mass mutant orgies was a lie designed to get Simon to pay attention to him," Wanda said, voice dry.
It wasn't alive, unlike the real Venom and Carnage symbiotes, but a byproduct of the toxin, which contained protein compounds from one of the symbiotes as well as a cocktail of biological and chemical agents. It was a nasty piece of work, originally designed by Doom as a contact poison and refined by A.I.M. into a more easily controllable airborne compound that entered the body via the respiratory tract.
No one answered when Carol rang the doorbell, but knowing Tony, he was just as likely to be walled up in some soundproof workshop, completely oblivious to anything that wasn't either mechanical or electronic.
Deodato had a cell phone in his breast pocket. It was already turned on — connecting with it, transmitting to the armor's communication frequency, and putting the phone on speaker would take less than a minute, and then he could-
His pulse throbbed painfully in his temples for a moment, warning him that any more attempts to use the Extremis to interface with equipment other than his armor would be a mistake.  He was treading on the edges of his promise to Steve as it was.
should have helped her. She tried to help me. But then Vision, and Clint, and... I wanted to leave her to rot. And all the time, he was doing things to her, with her." Her voice faltered on the last, leaving no doubt as to what kind of 'things' she meant.
Sitting around kicking himself and moping wasn't going to accomplish anything, Steve decided. He might as well go find something productive to do and kick himself and mope while doing it.
This particular attempt, though, Steve hadn't minded. He picked it up, smiling, and held it up for Tony to see. "I can't believe Jarvis kept this."
Wong shook his head. "Not necessarily. When a spell backfires upon the caster, the effects can be severe. There may be internal damage. From the disordered magic."
This time, Steve had decided, he wouldn't be so blind. If Tony snapped again, he would be ready for it.
"Do you think I cared about that? I admit, it never occurred to me that I'd have a chance with you before, but I didn't know you liked men until I heard about you and Hank, or that you'd ever thought of me that way, until you told me after that party." He stepped forward and took Tony by the arms, heedless of the screwdriver Tony was still holding. "Do you want me to prove it to you? Fine. I'll prove it to you."
Agatha was still smiling at her. "Just something to help you relax. I couldn't have you interfering in the ritual. Not after all the trouble I went through to set up another vessel for chaos power and gain possession of a copy of the Darkhold scrolls."
Hank was physically back to normal, supposedly, but his personality had been reset to mopey bitch scientist from hell and he’d barely left his and Jan’s room, and Clint was just fine letting him hibernate there.  Tony had finally come home from the Helicarrier’s medical bay yesterday, and wasn’t up for anything but lying in bed and running his entire business empire over the internet.  According to Barnes, the Helicarrier’s doctors had only let him go because he’d been all but attempting to run SE from a hospital bed, along with half of SHIELD for good measure, and they’d kicked him out before Maria Hill could kill him.
"I'm surprised Fury sprung for one of these warehouses, considering how much they go for these days." Tony removed his helmet, revealing dripping wet hair. "SHIELD could probably rent out this floor alone for three thousand a month, and that's not including the four floors below us."
Agatha smiled gently at her. "I know it has, dear. I summoned him." She was standing now, one hand on Wanda's arm - when had she moved? "Sit back down and finish your tea. You're perfectly safe. I've made certain of it."
"Why not?" Clint returned his eyes to the street ahead of them, just in time to catch the sign marking the next turn. "You go left here," he added. These days, if you wanted to know something about Tony, Steve was probably the best person to ask.
Ben capped his pen, sliding it back inside his breast pocket — he'd been taking notes by hand, either because he didn't want Tony to look at them, or because he preferred a pencil and paper to a PDA. "We can reschedule." He stood, shrugging back into his coat. "I'll see you at the museum, gentlemen."
Even if he hadn't... she'd had amnesia, had no idea who he was, no knowledge of their shared past. There had been a million and one reasons why sleeping with her had been a bad idea, and Clint had known all of them, and Wanda hadn't. And that felt uncomfortably like taking advantage of her.
“Yes.”  Forcing the word out around the tightness in his throat hurt.  “The spear went right through his armor.  I think some of his ribs are broken.  Clint’s injured, too, and Wanda.” Once he’d begun, the words just kept pouring out.  “And Sam – Redwing grabbed the spear.  I think it did something to them.  I don’t know.  They need medical attention, too.”
"I've had relationships that consisted of nothing but ill-advised sex," he said, deliberately light, as if Vision's all-too-present ghost weren't suddenly filling the room. The smile he forced took effort, but the momentary twitch of Wanda's lips made it worth it. "They were fun. Well, some of them were."
Clint tried to think of something comforting to say. "Well, at least we know this stuff isn't poisonous, or not very poisonous, anyway, because if it were, he and Jan would be dead."
He and Thor turned at the same time, both of them shouting warnings.  The Doombot fired, Steve ducked, and Mjolnir smashed into the Doombot's skull all in the same instant.
If she'd still had her contacts in SHIELD, she would have gotten in touch with them and told them where Doom was holding the worthless extra Avengers.  A nice little distraction to keep both her enemies out of her way.  At least her efforts so far had SHIELD distracted enough by her attacks on them that Fury had never figured out her plan, despite her father's worries that he would remember the ritual and interfere.  And they'd been fun.  More would follow once she had the spear, until all her enemies were dead at her feet.
"These marks on your hands..." Don indicated one of Wanda's hands, and the spiky black design on the back that made it look like someone else's. "Did Strange tell you if they were going to affect you in any way?"
Her hand was gentle on his arm, the burgundy paint on her fingernails bright against his white lab coat. Hank blinked hard, his eyes prickling with heat, and took a deep breath. Be calm, he told himself. He could handle this.
"Leave it alone," Hank snapped. "Half the equipment in here right now is in a state of dimensional flux. One surge of chaos power while it's still recovering the rest of its mass will fry everything."
Sharon shook her head, blonde ponytail swaying with the movement. "I'm pretty sure she was acting on her own. She kept ranting about Crossbones the whole time. How he was a hero. How she was going to make us pay for his death. How she was going to make James pay for killing her. Metaphorically, I guess, that part of her had died with him." She cocked an eyebrow at Steve. "You ever read the psych profiles on those two?"
And all this because Thor couldn't resist the impulse to mock Loki over embarrassing incidents that had happened millennia ago.
Tony winced. "I was hoping we could keep this from turning into a media circus." It was probably a futile hope, but surely people were eventually going to get tired of seeing him on television. Maybe they would get lucky, and some movie star would allow herself to be photographed naked between now and next month, or the President would turn out to have a secret illegitimate child - though if there were even the slightest possibility of the latter, someone would have dug it up long ago, before the election.
Wanda sat down on the other end of the couch, next to his feet, and they both watched as Rachel Ray perkily demonstrated how to mince garlic.  The couch was sized to be able to handle Thor – even with Clint stretched out nearly full-length on it, there was still plenty of room.
Taking a piece of vital tactical information and dropping completely out of contact with it for hours wasn't like Tony. Or rather, it was, but when Tony decided to keep something to himself because he was certain he could deal it on his own, he tended to keep everyone he knew completely in the dark about it. He certainly didn't tell the command staff of SHIELD and have them call the Avengers.
Steve threw a jab at Tony's shoulder, being careful not to put his full weight behind it. Tony spun sideways, just managing to dodge the blow, and landed a punch against Steve's ribs.
Jarvis liked them, too, she suspected, though he would never lower himself so far as to actually make them.
Sam nodded, putting his hands on his knees and visibly forcing himself to his feet.  Steve felt a pang of guilt; Sam was injured, if only minorly, and had probably needed the sleep Steve had interrupted.
Hank looked less than convinced, but he nodded, pulling his arm free of Tony's grasp, and started moving.
Very dryly, Steve said, "If I ordered you to, you'd ignore me." He was probably going to ignore his own stated plan to use the Extremis only to run the armor, too. The first time being able to access a computer or security camera or satellite transmission in his head was faster and more convenient than doing it the old fashioned way, Tony would tough it out and do things manually. The tenth time, or the first time they needed information or access to a building's security network immediately in the middle of a fight with something, all good intentions would be forgotten.
"This is going to sound really silly, but it's not real. This isn't actually you. The real you is just another guy, and I'm not gonna something that wouldn't be real, or even pretend like we might. After all," he added, serious expression transforming into a smirk, "my mother always said I shouldn't lead women on."
A/N: This fic was written in 2009, before same sex marriage was legalized in New York.  Same-sex marriages performed out of state in states such as Massachusetts, however, were recognized as legal.
"Then I was exposed." Given the situation, Tony sounded strangely calm. There was no discernible emotion in his voice, and Steve was uneasily reminded of watching him on the news after the Helicarrier had blown up, and hearing that same empty calm when he spoke.
Why did Clint have to rub that in? Especially in front of Jan. "I'm not in the field anymore." Because I'm
Backing Tony up had felt natural, just like it always had, and Steve had hoped, for a few, minutes, that… well, that wasn't important. "Your armor is dented, and I saw that thing throw you three hundred feet into the water."
"It wouldn't be the first time he's cheated death," he said, reluctantly. "It does seem unlikely, though."
His own protection was a lot more substantial.  Tony let the under-armor ooze out of his pores and called his armor, grateful that that much of the Extremis, at least, still worked.  He went from naked to armored-up in thirty-seconds, while Steve was still hopping on one foot trying to simultaneously pull on his leather pants and put on boots.
The book contained spells for summoning 'angels and demons,' according to the description the assistant manuscript curator had given Sam. Could one of those be modified to summon Loki's spear right out of the cathedral, or call up something Doom could send in to fetch it? Strange's binding spell kept Doom himself from physically entering the building as long as Daredevil lived, but maybe Doom had discovered some kind of loophole.
What with one thing and another, he hadn't even made it back to the Mansion. He'd slept on a cot in his workroom last night, the way he'd used to whenever he didn't have a date.
"Chaos?" Loki snorted.   She was on her feet now, either escaped from Thor's hold or deliberately freed.   "Chaos is both creation and destruction.   You do nothing but destroy.   Give me my spear and be gone.   It is mine by right."
"It's funny. I meant to bring her back, and then I found her, and we had sex, and then I was on a plane headed back here. I was in the Heathrow airport when I saw the press conference you all held after you took down the Mandarin and Red Skull." He shrugged, scrubbing a hand through his hair. "I think maybe I took advantage of her somehow, like maybe we made some kind of trade." And what a way to prove himself worthy of that second shot at life; he hadn't deserved to die, but men who took advantage of women were scum.
He was the only Democrat Tony knew who was all for military intervention. It was the torture of prisoners, the restriction of civil liberties, and the waging of war under false pretenses that he had objected to when he'd temporarily taken off his costume last summer, not the actual fact of the war itself.
"I'm just saying, it can't hurt to keep our options open." Sam watched Thor go, frowning thoughtfully. "You saw what that thing did to Dr. Strange."
Jan backhanded Doom across the face, not even wincing as her bare hand connected with his mask.  "Sacrifice this!"
The moment her eyes — and weapon — left Sam, Clint released the arrow he'd had drawn and ready. It tore through the air in a graceful arc and slammed into Sin's shoulder.
Sam shouldered Steve out of the way and reached the door first — retaliation for the shove —  then hesitated, half-turning.  "If Doom's really working with Loki, are we sure wherever he's taken them is even in this dimension?"
Wanda said something in Transian that made Carol's teeth ache, and pinkish-orange sparks flickered over the guns.  One of the men swore, and there was a sharp bang as they all fired at once.
"Thor-" he began, intending to tell him to let Loki up to claim the spear, that anything she might do with it was unimportant next to stopping Chthon, and then Doom was moving.
He couldn't think of anything to say that didn't sound trite, so he just stood and crossed the room to her chair, bent down, and hugged her. "I'm just glad you're back," he repeated.
Tony forced himself to his feet — at least the building was sturdy enough that he didn't have to climb out of a pile of rubble — and tried to focus on the blur of red and black that was Sin advancing on him.   Steve's shield seemed to come out of nowhere, slamming into her shoulder on her bad side and nearly knocking her off her feet — twelve pounds of metal hitting her at that velocity and not knocking her down was something else that shouldn't be possible — and then Carol was behind her, both arms around Sin's neck in a headlock.
Why was everyone so intent on jabbing sharp things into him today? Silverware, shots, needles... and wound irrigation sounded both disgusting and unpleasant.
Clint nodded. "Right, thanks," he said, steeling himself against whatever might be waiting for him in there.
Wanda took a few steps closer to the rest of them and held up her hands, palms facing inwards. The dark markings Tony had noticed earlier were tattoos, circular designs that looked like the circles magic users like Doom sometimes used to summon demons and other entities bent on destroying the world. Black, angular writing wrapped around the edge and wove through the design, in a script Tony didn't recognize, though he thought he saw a few alchemical symbols worked into it at strategic points.
For all his willingness to serve as the government's tool, Tony would not have turned on Thor to save himself. To save others, though... That, Thor could believe, and Don with him.
Tony's smile was beginning to look strained. "I think the fact that the government was finally willing to take his concerns, and the concerns of the general superhuman population seriously had more to do with it. That, and the fact that the attacks on New York and other cities were more important than any individual quarrels."
Tony made no move to get up. "Actually, I was thinking of just staying here until the hot water runs out. Just send your electric bill for this month to me."
power.  Even if she hadn't already known what the spear was, she would have recognized it.  The fierce, barely controllable power that had broken Chthon's hold on her, that had struck down Strange and burned his hands.
Where was Thor when they needed him? Or She-Hulk, or anyone else with superstrength and at least partial invulnerability.
leaving obvious signs of what he'd been up to on display. Or was that part of Tony's 'careless playboy who couldn't possibly be Iron Man and wasn't about to outbid your company into the ground' persona?
They had put him in a private room, of course – most city hospitals did that with superheroes now, for insurance reasons.  It was a painfully long walk from the staff room, but at least it was on the same floor.
There were seven million people in Manhattan.  Almost as many people as she had maimed and destroyed the last time Chthon had had her, but this time he didn't plan to simply mutilate, hurt, or erase.  If he broke free, the whole city would burn.
"The attack..." She shook her head. "Supervillains are one thing. Doctor Octopus tried to steal a Vermeer from us right after I first started working for the Met, but nobody's ever come in with guns before. They killed two people. Art thieves don't operate that way. It's not something you-" she broke off, her voice catching, then took a deep breath. "My fiancé keeps trying to get me to move out of New York."
"Rape," she said, very quietly. Naming it made it worse, somehow, made it sound dirtier, more pathetic. "You call it rape. Of both of you," she added, quickly, when Clint swallowed hard and took a half-step backward. "That's sick." Jessica had been afraid to sleep, during those first weeks Carol had known her, afraid of what would happen to her in her dreams. Jessica, who was afraid of almost nothing. No wonder Wanda was willing to work with Loki if necessary to keep Chthon away from her. "That's... that thing is
Steve's arms tightened around him. "You don't have to keep the baby. I just want you to be okay. I want us to-"
Ben wasn't happy -- he was probably anticipating a Jameson tantrum as well -- but he agreed to put the word out that the conference was delayed when Steve told him bluntly that they were all exhausted and needed sleep.
"Why would I do that?" She smiled, revealing sharp, white teeth.  "I thought it courteous to inform you that our engagement has come to an end.  It was pleasant while it lasted, but at the moment, you're of little use to me."
Sam and Steve exchanged glances. "Forget the building sweep," Sam said. "The firemen can handle it."
"You agreed to marry me when we thought there was no chance of my changing back anymore. When we both assumed that I was stuck as a woman."
"That's not necessary," he started to explain. "The system checks out, mostly, so it should be all right to run it without-"
He waved his hand, the gesture almost negligent, and the world whited out in an explosion of pain. Tony didn't even have time to scream.
The woman looked from  Steve to Tony, her eyes finally settling on the arm Steve still had  wrapped casually around Tony's waist.  "Ah, sorry," she said, to Steve.   "I should be going now.  I think I see my friends waiting for me."
The house at the end of the path didn't look any more familiar than the ones in town had, but Wanda found herself walking up to the door and lifting the latch. The door proved to be unlocked, swinging open easily at her touch.
"Just  so you know," Tony said, his tone conversational, "if you ever do that  with Jan in public again, Hank and I will begin plotting your demise.   It will involve poisonous insects and lasers."
She must have looked even more exhausted and bedraggled than she felt, because Wong didn't even ask any questions; he just stepped aside and let her in.
Tony took a step back, jerking himself free from Steve's hands. "That's not what I- I'm not going to force you to marry me just because we were stupid and I got... oh God, I can't even say it again. I'm not
He hugged both of them before he left, giving Bucky a clap on the back and letting Sharon go, gently, when she stiffened slightly in his arms. "I mean it, Sharon, James," and the look in Bucky's eyes was worth the effort it took not to call him by the only name Steve had ever known him by, "if you need me, then unless Chthon's broken free and about to destroy the world, I'll find a way to come."
Sean "Head Case" Madigan was no longer capable of facial expressions; his face, inside the plexiglass containment helmet that surrounded his dead body with the chemical mists that kept it animated and functioning, was a nightmare vision of exposed muscle and half-rotted skin. Somehow, he managed to sneer at them anyway.
The two men were the last to succumb, their greater body mass buying them an extra half-second of cognizance – the older one, a white man with thinning hair and one of those omnipresent paint-splatter sweatshirts all the tourist shops sold, screamed hysterically as black goo crawled up his torso, the sound raw and grating.
Next year was an election year. Steve hoped devoutly that the remaining congressmen who had served on the Unregistered Superhuman Activities Committee – and not been booted out of office already for taking bribes from known terrorists – would not be re-elected.
"You have a really impressive set-up here," Falcon was saying, waving a hand at the array of portable and semi-portable and not-really-intended-to-be-portable-but-jury-rigged-so-that-it-could-be medical equipment that surrounded them. "It looks like you could do just about anything for him that a hospital could. You ought to be getting some kind of support from the city for all this."
The Bugle had been a strong backer of McCain up until he'd selected Sarah Palin as his running mate. Then Jameson had run a page-long editorial on how shooting moose had nothing whatsoever to do with running a country and switched to supporting Obama, to pretty much universal shock and amazement.
Rhodey nodded slowly, and smiled a little. "I know what you mean." He snorted, adding, "Thank god there's only one of him. I don't think I could take it if I had to worry about more high maintenance, self-destructive people."
"Everyone I love has been manipulated like that at some point," Steve went on. Tony, Bucky, Sharon, Sam, most of the other Avengers, with the possible exception of Clint and Jan. "And every time, I've hated that I couldn't protect them, or prevent it." Bucky had spent years as the Soviet Union's tool, and Steve hadn't even known. Tony had nearly died right after gaining the Extremis, when that hacker had mind-controlled him. Sharon still could barely look him in the eyes. "But I refuse to lose someone because of it." He flexed his fingers, tightening his grip on Tony's shoulder. "I love you, and I'm not going to lose you over this. I-"
Hank stopped in his tracks and turned to look back at her, a smile slowly dawning on his face. "You know, my ice cream has calories, too," he said, an uncertain note in his voice in spite of the smile he still wore.
Steve ignored Sam's advice and stuck his hand back under the couch, causing the cat to make an evil growling sound and retreat even further.
. Thor had been particularly disgusted when he had gotten to that point and discovered that Aslan was Jesus and not Odin.
"Then kneeling to that idiot? Anything would be." He reached out and placed one mailed hand over hers — accounting for his gauntlet, their hands were nearly the same size. That failed to be as off-putting as it perhaps ought to have been; power, in any form, was always more attractive than weakness. "Give me the spear, and when I have ascended to godhood, I will face Chthon at your side. Once we have sealed him away from this realm once more, we can kill Thor together and rule Valhalla and the earth itself as king and queen."
"What sort of curse has your friend been placed under?" Agatha asked, her frown vanishing. "Perhaps I can be of assistance."
There was flare of light, and then the smell of smoke filled the air and there was a large, round hole in the left-hand door.
Tony's lips curved into something between a smile and a smirk. "You don't look like one. Not in this suit," he said, a familiar husky sound to his voice, the one that always sent a shiver down Steve's spine and started a slow heat in the pit of stomach.
"I can't!" She couldn't see Tony's face -- he'd summoned his armor as soon as they'd realized the air was contaminated -- but he sounded as desperate as she felt. "There's too many people. I could hurt someone!"
Tony flinched. "I didn't mean to. I- his armor malfunctioned, caught on fire. Neither of us could get it to stop." He looked away, then back up at Steve, meeting his eyes squarely. "If you want me to leave the team, I won't argue, but I owe you the whole story before I go."
SE's VP of Sales was generally gratingly upbeat, but lately his emailed memos had become terse and to the point, and his voice, filtered from his cell phone through the Extremis, currently sounded impatient and annoyed.
None of them talked about it, not Thor, not Cap, not Spiderman - who had apparently died and been resurrected with fascinatingly disgusting spinnerets in his wrists while Clint had been gone — and not Clint himself. Cap wouldn't even say the word 'dead'; it was always 'while I was gone,' or 'when I wasn't here,' or 'after I was shot.' Always 'shot,' and never 'killed.' Clint wasn't sure if he avoiding saying it because he didn't like thinking about it, or because of the way Tony and Sam's faces went still and blank whenever you mentioned it.
She threw an uppercut at the underside of the Doombot's jaw, beneath the edge of its mask, letting its own momentum increase the force of the blow.  It was less effective than Carol's punches, and significantly less effective than a hex sphere or blast of chaos magic, but the feel of the impact jarring up her arm was satisfying.
Sam left them to it, and went outside to see if he could get his own frightened animal companion to calm down — Redwing's agitation was a continual presence in his mind, making him feel edgy, and his own thoughts about reality and memories weren't helping.
"I know not.  Doom's weapons were more potent than usual.  I had thought Iron Man protected, but..." Thor shook his head slightly, looking faintly regretful.  "Mayhap he has merely been knocked unconscious.  There are no visible injuries."
"I do not. And you should not underestimate me. You wish to rule Valhalla, Trickster. Must you do it alone?"
That sounded reasonable.  Steve made himself take a deep breath, then another.  "We should get him up off the floor.  Take him to the—do we even have an infirmary anymore?"
Except, Tony hadn't given him new access codes. He'd been too much of an idiot to ask, and Tony couldn't have simply reloaded the old ones; he would have needed a fresh voiceprint from Steve. "He never changed the access code."
That got him a long, flat look. "Because no one is going to force me to follow some stupid human law and 'register.'" The air pressure in the room dropped palpably.
Steve rushed him, moving too quickly for Tony's eyes to follow, even with a computer in his head. The floor slammed up to meet him again, and this time, he just lay there for a moment, his eye closed, Steve's knee a hard weight against his sternum.
"Not anymore." Steve shook his head. "None of us are in any state to stand up there and let reporters ask us questions."
"Pepper's always telling me to put together some kind of-" Tony broke off, gasping, then ground out, "some kind of prepared remarks for these meetings."
It made Tony want to yell at him, lash out at him, turn that concerned, sorrowful calm into the more familiar anger Steve usually displayed when Tony had fucked up.
For all his bluster, Madigan went relatively quietly once the police arrived. He might be M.O.D.O.K.'s son, but he hadn't inherited his father's flair for up-close-and-personal mayhem. Madigan preferred to do his killing at a distance, preferably with high-tech explosives.
"Right now, she's not doing anything. If we go after her, that could change. Who knows what it could provoke her into doing." Even if she truly did have amnesia, it would be risky; it was a proven fact that latent mutant powers activated when people were under stress.
"I summon the powers of the Vishanti!" he began, reaching out for the power that lay always waiting, ready for the adept to call upon it. In many spells, the words were, strictly speaking, unnecessary – the true magic was done by the exertion of one's will, with spells and gestures serving merely as a focus for the mind – but when drawing upon the great powers, they were vital. Spoken aloud, an invocation served as both supplication and invitation, addressed to forces who would only grant their aid when the proper forms were observed, or whose touch, if the forms were not observed, could be immensely dangerous.
Wanda pulled sandwich ingredients out of the fridge and began making herself lunch. She glanced at Tony questioningly, holding the bread out to him, and he shook his head.
"He has but to withdraw his power, and I will die again. I didn't live three centuries to perish now."
Sin laughed, a surge of glee filling her. She and her father would reshape the world in his image, create a new Reich on American soil, one that truly would last a thousand years.
"You would." Wanda turned a page in her book, and Steve switched his attention to the book shelves, searching futilely for something he hadn't already read that wasn't an engineering manual. There were hundreds of books in here, from Howard Stark's old tomes on economics to a handful of books in Transian that were either Wanda's or Pietro's, brought with them when they had first joined the team. There was an entire shelf devoted to Dashell Hammett and Raymond Chandler, for Vision, and half a shelf of bright green bound volumes of the American Journal of Biochemistry that had to be Hank's. They ought to send those to the west coast. The extensive collection of studies on arthropods, too, but there was a chance some of those were Scott Lang's.
