He was going to transform Sokovia into one deadly meteor, and it was naïve to think they could stop the driller from doing what it was supposed to do. He wouldn’t be able to deactivate it in time, and one of Ultron’s bots only had to lay a finger on it and it was all going to go to hell. Within seconds, he saw the whole thing play out before his inner eye. It was an ‘either or’ kind of situation. Either they’d rescue Sokovia’s inhabitants, or everyone else. And Steve wouldn’t be satisfied with either option.
“Tell you?!” Tony turned away from Steve. “You wouldn’t want to know,” he continued, storming furiously in the direction of staircase. “Not if you had my memories!”
“Through the altered projection, people will be able to revisit an altered version of their past experience,” Tony explained. “It’ll allow them to overcome whatever traumas they have. At least… that’s what I hope will happen.”
Steve’s eyes had gotten watery. “I want that, too. Trust me, that’s…
Steve smothered a grin. “Don’t care,” came the answering murmur before he pulled him down for another long kiss, licking inside Tony’s mouth as if to proof his words.
Tony looked down, bemused to see that he wore nothing but his briefs and he watched Steve’s hands gently pass over his skin. He had a cold washcloth in his hand, dabbing at Tony’s temple and neck.
, Tony—that you died for me. You saved me.
late, grandpa.”
And that was what this was about. Steve, plain and awkward, was in love with Tony Stark and that would be enough.
There was no conversation after that, and they ended up walking into the workshop a few moments later. "This Tony Stark's lab?" Bucky called from the doorway, as they both glanced into the room.
known it. So he covered the space between them, feeling Steve’s heart thudding against his chest, and drew him in again.
He released a choked sob, tossing against Steve’s arms in a fruitless attempt to break free, before a gentle female voice had him frozen.
Steve snorted, leaning even closer against Tony. “Well, yeah. But I think you might’ve gone a little overboard with that.”
“To the end of the Chitauri and HYDRA. Hopefully,” Maria added.
Steve hiked Tony’s legs around his waist, pushing him up against the tractor’s side, his hand still caressing him through his jeans. “So hard for me.”
“Yeah. Oh
A shudder went through Tony’s body, because he knew very well that they might never get there. That he wouldn’t allow himself to take that step. That this might be one of those divergences that were caused during time travel. And Steve—
Steve exhaled a surprised breath, his ass lifting a bit to give Tony better access. And
One thing was absolutely clear, though. Devil or not, angel or not, Tony was his.
It was well past midnight, and Tony wasn’t back yet.
He felt Steve trembling against him. His hands still cupped Tony’s face, his fingers rubbing imperfect circles into his skin.
He didn’t know how to answer him. He knew that, if nothing else but the two of them existed, he could be happy. But the light of day would change everything. This had happened so fast, without any real ground to stand on, and that made it very breakable. So he decided to be honest with him. “I don’t know.”
Shaking his head once, Tony decided to drop all of those thoughts then and there because there was no problem to solve, yet. They were doing fine, and Steve wanted this, and he wouldn’t fuck it up before it even started.
Tony couldn’t help but feel a little giddy at those words. So it hadn’t just been him. Pepper had been annoyed as hell about his moody behavior and it was good to know that Steve had been affected by their long separation, too.
“And you’re here, why?”
They were quiet for a long moment, and Steve was just about to say something, when Tony whispered hoarsely, “You’ll be missed, Pegs.”
“So this is what team debrief has come to,” he said with a very serious expression. “I have to say as the team’s main sponsor and supporter, I’m both shocked and disappointed.”
“He pays you to be his assistant.”
They held their gazes a moment longer, then Tony nodded and left the room for good. For a long while, Steve just stood there, staring at nothing in particular. He had no idea why Tony looked so
“Alright everyone. Here’s instructions: Sam and I will do recon, the rest of you go in undercover. Do not, I repeat, do not engage any of the locals unless absolutely imperative. Lagos might be full of hostile forces. Be on alert at all times, like we trained. Eyes and ears, everyone.”
“Yeah. It’s supposed to cook for four hours or so,” Steve said.
Tony had a second to realize that yes, this was happening, and before he could blink, Steve was against him, his hands clutching at Tony’s hips and pushing him against the nearest wall. And for a moment—a tiny, insane tick of a moment—Tony managed to think that Steve was drunk and he shouldn’t be taking advantage, but then…
“I love you,” Steve said, quietly and Tony stared up at him with wide eyes.
, and I grew up hearing stories about you, but one thing was always very clear: One day, you vanished from earth, and you never came back!”
Bruce sighed and patted his shoulder encouragingly. “It’s late, gotta go, it’s Thursday and—”
So Steve took a long and calming breath, and instead of yelling at Tony again, he simply said, “Help me make dinner, Tony. Please.”
Tony sighed. “Maybe, I—”
He leaned back in his chair somewhat, and smiled at the scene playing out in front of him. Phil was cooing at the baby, while both Pepper and Rhodey had an arm around Tony’s middle to get a closer look. Natasha had somewhat sneaked up on Bucky, delicately brushing her thumb across Ian’s forehead, and Bucky himself still looked like he would soon pass out.
Steve matched Tony’s stride to his tempo, and Tony moved his hand from Steve’s shoulder to his waist, tapping his fingers in time with the beat. He closed his eyes, let the music move them and reveled in the closeness.
“You heard Nat: You didn’t.”
“For loving me.”
Tony winced at first, then sighed when the icy cold water soothed his blistering skin. Steve was standing right behind him now, his body pressing into Tony’s body from shoulders to feet. And Tony really, really hated the way his body warmed and melted into Steve as if there was some foreign instinct kicking in.
, blue like the bluest part of the ocean, looked at Tony like they could see straight through him—and right into his heart.
“It was the Time Stone,” a voice said and Tony startled when he realized the Sorcerer Supreme was already standing right next to him.
known Tony had lived a wild life back in the day, but when Steve had met him the first time, he’d already been in a relationship with Pepper, and Steve figured that was that.
After everything, Steve still sounded a little surprised at himself as he said it. He touched Tony’s face and kissed him, then leaned over him and began to rock back and forth. His thrusts minutely grew faster, harder, and Tony gripped the bed sheet for purchase and met him in the middle.
. But I really won’t hold it against you, alright? Or tell anyone. Besides, we both know it could’ve been anyone, so it’s not a… problem, right? And… look, Steve, these flashbacks keep coming and you really should tell me what’s triggering them so we can avoid that. Please?”
It was the punch line of their relationship, the end of a joke, the conclusion of a very cruel and very painful story.
He stepped a little closer to Steve, pausing a moment before he awkwardly put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, petting him twice before stepping back again to a respectable distance. “We’ll do everything we can to get you back as soon as possible. I promise.”
His lungs constricted and he grasped at his own shirt, vision blurring with sudden tears as seizures took hold of his body. He felt he was bleeding from the inside, but death wouldn’t come. It had already been given to him, numerous times, but never peace, never rest, everything always started over and over again. A few seconds passed before he made the first fruitless attempt to sit up, a few more before the second, and he almost collapsed with the need to breathe.
… do you come from?”
“You want something to drink?”
,” Stane snorted, tearing open the letter. “Mister Fury, Indries wrote this to me the day she died. She’d come by my house but incidentally, I was away on a meeting, so I didn’t get it until the next day.”
“That’s…” Clint started, then nodded. “Great. Thanks, Tony.”
Natasha held the straw for him, smiling kindly as he took a long sip. “You wanted to ask me how I met James Barnes,” she said, not an ounce of doubt in her voice.
* * *
“Who is that?” Steve asked.
believe you.”
“That’s incredible,” Maria said, even while shaking her head a little. Steve could sympathize. It had taken a while for him to really warm up to the idea, too. “Will you make it public?”
“What are we doing here, Tony.” He closed his eyes, and the jungle vanished.
Why, Steve had never understood.
Shortly after, one by one, everyone drifted back into the conference room. Even Pepper had joined them. She sat opposite Rhodey, her long limbs folded into an uncomfortable looking shape, her head was tilted back against the wall and her eyes were full of worry whenever Tony glanced at her.
Tony sighed. “I always knew that Extremis isn’t foolproof, so Bruce and I planned for the worst case long ago. If anything goes wrong… someone needs to handle it. I probably won’t be able to do it myself, and…” He took a deep breath, reaching for Steve’s hand. “If anyone shuts me down, it should be you.”
run into the guy who’d piloted Tony’s long-forgotten baby-project? “Obie told me the wings had been lost in combat.”
“Kay,” Tony murmured, curling into the embrace again. He let his head rest on the pillow next to Steve’s, his nose brushing along his shoulder.
was the one who—” He shook his head. “—who killed them. And by then you’d visited me in the hospital, you’d taken me back home to the tower. You gave me back my shield. We’d started to spend time more together and… you were as relaxed and as friendly as you’d ever been and… Tony, I—this isn’t an excuse, not in the slightest, but I just… I was selfish, and I didn’t want to see you hurt. I
Tony raised a brow. “And how would you know what I’m trying to do?”
Tony shrugged, unbothered as he walked up the stairs. “Your loss.”
“Tony!”
With whatever strength he had left, he was able to drag his eyes up to Tony’s, though they were half closed, and his chest was heaving with the promise of a volatile orgasm. He smiled at him, his hair wrecked from Steve’s fingers and his eyes dark and glassy. Suddenly, his back arched away from the bed, his muscles clamped around his cock and his mouth opened in a silent cry.
expected, though, was to find Tony comfortably lounging on the workshop couch, a towel thrown over his head, while Bruce was sitting next to him and giving him what looked a lot like a foot rub.
came out of the damn
“Don’t.” Steve’s voice was so soft he could hardly hear him, and so hoarse he could barely understand. “Tony, you’re a lot of things, but—my
“No opposition?” Steve asked, only slightly out of breath as he finally stepped inside the building. The corridors were empty, as far as Steve could see, just brittle cement walls to his left and right.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Don’t be stupid, you’ll be like our… fourth, no fifth babysitter-choice. Gonna have to hold him at some point.”
The haze of the painkillers made it seem like time alternately crept by and passed in a flash.  All the while, Natasha worked in silence, cleaning Tony’s wounds and smoothing some sort of clear gel over his abdomen. Then, raising her eyebrows, she asked, “I’ve got some water for you. You should drink something.”
“It’s okay. Take what you need.”
Steve grinned. He pulled off his uniform top and the shirt beneath, throwing it in the grass before leaning down to the water. He scrubbed himself with military efficiency, and only when he realized Tony had gotten completely quiet, he looked up.
Steve took a deep breath. Held it. Exhaled.
How was it that they always ended up in so much pain when all they wanted to do was love each other?
Tony hummed, and there were steps, and then he stood next to him. The arc reactor shining through his shirt cast a dimmed light against the window front. Bucky tried not to look at his mirror image, but eventually, his eyes flickered sideways. Tony’s gaze was locked on the stump where Bucky’s metal arm had been.
As if to punish him for his insolence, Bucky placed a well-timed kick to the side of his head and sent him reeling. He shook off the blow as if it were nothing, however, and managed to get Bucky into a strangle hold for just a second.
But somehow it… was.
He tried to pull air in his lungs, for the first time aware that he hadn’t even been breathing properly for the last few seconds. Tony turned his head sideways and pulled off his glasses.
Steve stared down to the river, and he struggled for consciousness, but his limbs were heavy and he felt himself drifting into blackness. Feeling drained from him. He vaguely heard Tony giving orders, but did not possess the clarity to identify the words.
“Our mission or your dads?”
think
“No, it’s-”
Especially when every time Steve saw him, he looked… less, somehow. Less like Peter. Less present.
“Shit! Peter!”
Tony kind of wants to hit himself in the face right now. A full, palm-centric smack.
But he was too focused on Steve. Steve, who was probably down here somewhere.
“Why is he so fucking reckless?”
Clint piped up, “Yes, Clint is here.”
“Peter, you…”
Bruce’s hands were quick and sturdy. It took Peter a couple extra seconds to catch up to the burning pain of the bones clicking back into place.
Tony hated that. “How about some time with me? If you have breakfast with me, I promise I’ll tell you some of Natasha’s dirty jokes.”
Then, a hand fell on his shoulder and gently turned his chair to the side.
Steve was wearing layers, in a hot apartment, and he was freezing. Shivering, teeth chattering, nose and cheeks tinted pink.
“Yes.”
With all his worrying directed at Steve, Tony missed all the red flags. Peter’s shifty and bruised eyes, his twitching foot. All the signs something was… off.
Jarvis took a full body scan.
“You always are, Spangles.”
Tony didn’t know what to say. Obviously, no one ever wanted to admit to abusing their meds. Ever. But the reasoning was even worse than the abuse itself. Because
Tony rolled his eyes as Steve settled in beside him. “You guys are no fun.”
Steve nodded and shifted the blanket higher on his shoulders.
Peter cringed and his stomach rumbled in reply. He picked his words carefully. “Sorry, we kind of overdid it last night with the pizza and I feel kind of gross.”
Of course.
“Both of you. Out. I do not want to hear another word about Ned’s fanfiction written about me and my husband and my team. Gross. Not canon. All that.” Tony waved once more when the teens just sat there staring. “I am dead serious. I never want to hear another word about this. Good-bye!”
“No problem,” Tony saw rather than felt Bruce’s hand come down on his shoulder. “We love him, too, Tony. We’re here if you need us.”
The elevator dinged behind them.
“Hands off my trophy husband, Birdy. Go find your own piece of ass.”
“Kid, if I go, can you do something for me?”
need to take care of myself. You want to talk about sleeping, Tony? Or meds? Fine, let’s talk. But your habits are going to be part of the discussion, too.”
For a few seconds, Peter just held Tony tight and hoped that would be it. They would have breakfast as a family, talk about the mission and whatever they were going to do this weekend and that would be it. No talk of food, or the incident in the gym, or-
Tony gripped him tight. “Me, too.”
Peter shrugged. “Ned’s versions aren’t half bad. He’s got a decent following now.”
“We just ate.”
Still
“Go call him, Tony,” Steve managed, about ten minutes after JARVIS tried to patch Peter in. “He’s probably worried.”
“Bullshit.”
So they waited it out, Tony’s knees achy from kneeling in front of Peter’s chair so he could hug his son tight and Steve sitting across the table, ready to leap across the divide at a moment’s notice.
“It looks like your appetite came back,” Steve said, a grin cropping up. “That’s good. I thought you might be coming down with something.”
“You see that, Fury? That’s how helpful people are supposed to sound.”
Tony was more inclined to make sure this suicide mission didn’t become a homicide mission.
left her lips in a pitch-perfect impersonation of Peter, he still had to fight the urge to look around for his son.
“Just don’t tell Pops.”
“No, those bruises are old. Green and yellow. Only on your spine.” Bruce’s eyes went hard. “Did someone-”
Steve dove on top of Peter without thinking.
Walking, running, hiding. Anything but sitting around the tower idle. Because the moment he was idle, the moment his mind got to wander… all he could think about was
The only mission they were going to complete tonight was an extra-large pepperoni from Pizzano’s.
Peter pulled back and grinned. “Sorry, sorry! I’m just glad you’re okay. JARVIS was being cryptic.” He glanced over Tony’s shoulder and confusion flooded his eyes. “Where’s Pops?”
Steve placed the back of his hand against one of Peter’s cheek. It was like ice.
“Tony, we’re not going to let you-”
Peter squawked. “Wait! I’m coming to the tower, too!”
Steve was curled up in some sort of metal cage, laying on his side.
Steve stood and pulled Peter up after him. Peter grimaced.
“I am a free agent so you can’t-”
“You’re evil.”
Steve’s breath hitched and he swiped a palm across his eyes with a growl.
CW: anything and everything related to disordered eating and eating disorders.
So Tony told a half-truth and just said that Steve was having one of his cold episodes.
“Stark, there’s no-” Fury began.
Peter’s stomach sank further. “Pops, just leave me-”
“Thor, we’ve talked about this!” Tony yelled, lowering his lasers before he accidentally singed a chunk of Thor’s face off. “You can’t barge in like that when we’re waiting for the bad guys. It’s bad for my heart.”
His dads were okay.
She sat down beside Peter, a tub of cream cheese and a plastic knife appearing out of nowhere. “Split it with me?”
“Steve, you can’t just not-”
“Dude, he’s your dad. He knows.”
Steve was warming up and Tony held him the whole time, offering up hushed stories to make him smile.
He couldn’t eat that. Not with his dads out there. If they needed him, he would need to be ready.
Tony was screaming at someone in the kitchen, a splatter of red across his chest.
Steve shook his head and began to tremble. “Wha-t-t about Pe-e-ter?”
Peter had to look away after only a few seconds before the sight made him sick.
There was loads more bickering. Voices were raised, hands flailed.
And superheroes needed to be fit. Physically fit.
It was before eight, too early considering Ned and Peter had passed out under three hours ago, but Peter sat up like he had been electrocuted, knuckles digging into his eye.
Peter fell over, slumping onto Tony’s lap.
Peter leapt up and pulled his suit back over his arms, hitting the sensor on his chest so the suit vacuumed shut over his body. “What do you mean? I just- I just, um, fell off a building?”
Especially not when you’re two steps away from falling apart yourself.
Something glinted in Steve’s eyes and Tony wasted no time getting him out of bed and to the bathroom.
Cogs spun and whirred behind Tony’s eyes as he tried to piece it together. Why would they break into this level if they weren’t-
Because if something happened to his dads-
Special thank you to everyone who's taken the time to leave kudos or comment these last few weeks. Isolation makes it difficult to find the mental energy to create and your encouragement has been appreciated more than you could possibly know. :)
Peter filled Tony’s ear with the best and worst parts of the
That was all it took to launch Peter to his feet.
“Dad. I’m fine. Please. I just-” Peter could feel his chest constricting. Slowly, but surely, like the grasp of a boa constrictor. “Space.” The last word was pushed between his teeth, almost hissed- “please.”
“It’s from the sit ups,” Tony murmured. “He’s been doing sit ups at night and according to Jarvis, he’s been doing a shit ton of them. If he’s doing it on the hardwood floors in his bedroom, that’s what they’re from.”
“Bruce. Please don’t bullshit me.”
Steve never napped. He sometimes ‘rested’ (by reading a book or doing something else that only geriatrics did) but never napped. There was a signature Steve lecture in the archives all about napping and ‘how naps were only for people who couldn’t find the discipline to manage a healthy sleep schedule.’
“Sorry,” he croaked. Tony rubbed his shoulder. “I, um.” He swallowed the urge to start crying again.
Tony was twitchy. Anxious. Like he’d mainlined a few gallons of caffeine into his bloodstream. Nat and Clint didn’t ask any questions, just shoved him off the quinjet the moment the tires hit the helipad.
Peter pulled his hood off and smiled. “It’s no big deal, I was just being a superhero, you know? Saving people, stopping the bad guys.” Peter’s face shifted. “Wait. These bad guys. How are we going to stop them, Dad? Do you guys have a plan yet?”
Peter rolled his eyes and slinked off. It was one of those ‘that’s my kid’ moments for Tony. Dramatics were definitely a trait honed on the Stark side of the family tree.
“Funny, coming from you God of Thunder.”
She smiled but it wasn’t real. It was the smile adults gave kids when they didn’t want kids to worry along with them.
“Don’t do anything stupid, Tony,” Steve cautioned, testing his grip on his shield with one hand as the other adjusted his cowl.
But he stood up too fast and simply tipped back to the floor in the opposite direction.
“Tony, tell me you have some sort of plan.”
Peter couldn’t hide the nausea building on his expression and he knew his dad could see it, too.
“The guy you took into custody this morning. Isn’t that his girlfriend?”
Steve pulled the final layer over his head, a knit sweater that was big, even on him. He loved it.
Here's another chapter. I'll spare you the author's note and just say this; enjoy!
JARVIS took too long to respond. Which meant Tony was feeding him information from the quinjet. Tony only fed JARVIS information when he wanted to hide things. “
looped mercilessly in his mind just loud enough to drown up,
Steve rolled his eyes and dropped his paperback onto the couch beside him. They were in the lab and he was sitting across from one of Tony’s dozens of worktables while his husband tinkered with something that looked suspiciously like their missing alarm clock and a bunch of solar panels.
Steve nodded. “Thanks, Jarvis.”
Peter wasn’t calm yet. He might not be able to sleep. But he could watch the movie with Ned again.
“Maybe when you left. Maybe when we met. Probably somewhere in between.”
The day of the interrogation, Steve found Tony sitting in the workshop. He was already wearing one of his best suits, looking very well put-together for an occasion that might as well bury their last hope of making it out of this mess unharmed.
When Tony looked back up, Vision was looking at him in a way that spoke volumes of how not impressed he was. In fact, it looked like he was barely refraining from rolling his creepily serene alien eyes.
* * *
“You taste sweet,” he murmured.
They also couldn’t risk going to one of Tony’s safehouses. It would be easier to stay somewhere here, in the suburbs, since neither of them would attract much attention, and if they kept moving around, the chances of discovery would be lessened.
Tony handed Steve his tablet with the newest data on Barnes’ progress and leaned forward to look through the window into his cell. Barnes was asleep. Or pretending to do so, at least. With Barnes, it was nearly impossible to tell the two apart—even though Bruce was both monitoring his heart rate and his breathing.
“Never wanted that,” Steve gasped. “I only needed to… stop you.”
, he remembered a voice say.
“Let me do that,” Steve intervened. “You just stay off your feet for a while.”
“Fair enough.” Tony scratched the back of his head. “I, uh, actually thought about turning one of Howard’s old warehouses into a new training facility. There’s one just outside of New York. We can use the space, gives everyone a chance to retreat once in a while. And with everything going on right now, I’m not sure how the New Yorkers will deal with yet another bunch of superheroes testing their limits. We should lay low for the time being.”
. The one word echoed within his mind—a now meaningless name. Tony felt his body separate from his will fully, moving toward something in the far reaches of understanding. He didn’t know how he moved them, or to where. He couldn’t see anything but the blur of colors clouding his vision, couldn’t feel anything but the cold presence of Ultron within his mind. He was with him. That was all he knew now, all he recognized, and all he needed.
It felt like years had passed since he’d last said or even thought her name, seen her face, or watched her from afar. He didn’t know how he could have forgotten her, how he could have lost something so essential. And now—now that he remembered—he wanted to spend hours reciting her name.
They’d arrived back at the Facility at some point, and with ‘they’, he meant Rhodey, Natasha, Barnes, Clint and Bruce, since the rest of the team was currently treated in SHIELD’s medical department.
Tony looked at her, maybe truly seeing her for what she was for the first time. One of his best friends. And likely the strongest woman he’d ever known.
He looked up, pursing his lips as he cast her a meaningful look, part annoyance that he was that easy to read, part gratefulness that she’d done what she’d done. “Yeah, thanks. Glad to be back and all, too...”
“No, never,” he conceded. “I never… trusted someone enough, I think.”
"Yeah…" Steve scratched the back of his neck absently. "That's not much of a relief. If it's affecting me differently, who knows what else might happen?" He leaned back against the couch and closed his eyes. "It… It felt so real…"
Suddenly, Tony moved forward. The canvas cover in his hands sailed to the ground, and before Steve could even think to question what was happening, his cheeks were cupped in Tony’s palms and he was being kissed.
"I only have the one," Bruce said, indicating Tony with a tilt of his head and a smile on his face. "My star student, I must add." He stepped back into the lab, motioning for Steve to follow. "Come on, I don't want to take up too much of your time and this shouldn't be long."
Steve stood up as well. “I don’t want you sobering up and deciding you hate me for taking advantage.”
“Stark, Anthony Edward. Born 1970.”
“There was this… terrible noise…” the robot went on, shuffling forward as the cables hanging out of the broken suit swung back and forth at its sides. There were tears in the alloy and dozens of holes in the metal casing, making the suit’s oils and coolants leak onto the floor. The helmet was broken and skewed in a way that had its features look as if it was grinning. “I was tangled in… in…” It cocked its head, as if only now finding the fitting word describing his jumbled thoughts. “
“I’ll try to hunt down a first aid kit and some grub,” Clint said, making his way to the next door.
Warmth spread through each of Steve’s cells. “You do?”
Apparently, Tony had met up with Reed Richards and a few other scientists. He’d come back to the Compound two days ago, but for some reason, Steve hadn’t seen him yet.
Steve hummed, and the vibrations of his mouth sent electric shivers through Tony’s body. Then Steve contracted his throat muscles around him and sucked hard when Tony hissed and bucked, his grip on his hair tightening as a long, tortured moan ripped through his lips.
Tony grinned at that and took a deep breath as he looked at everyone in the room. “I know it seems rash, and I know some of you probably lost their trust in me after Ultron… or never trusted me from the beginning.” His eyes flickered to Wanda and Pietro. “But I actually thought this through. And I’m not worried. Not with J. He is, and always was, much more than meets the eye. He is one of us, or so I like to believe. So if you don’t trust me… trust him.”
Every half hour they did a light show. The actual lights were turned off and the village lights up and then they played horrible outdated “God Bless America music” through 1980’s speakers. It was hilarious.
. Dating mostly included spending the day at one of their homes in New York or Massachusetts, watching movies, cooking dinner, or Tony working on Barnes’ bionic arm at his workshop while Steve spent the time doodling on the couch next to him.
Steve had a split second to turn around and raise his eyes to the sky, and then he was airborne. Iron Man’s arms wrapped around his middle, pressing them together chest-to-chest before he rose back into the air.
Tony’s gaze was dropping as well, the crease between his brows very evident. He was obviously thinking hard. “It was… it was a really going off the rails moment.”
A few of them almost hadn’t made it.
Steve shook his head, dazed and a bit out of his comfort zone in a way he found oddly pleasant. Tony was taking the lead this time. It wasn't only a new experience with him, but something he'd never expected to try. Tony's eyes all but ate him up, and Steve felt his excitement overtaking the nervousness.
Glancing at the bottle in his hands, he reminded himself that there was nothing between him and Tony, nothing more than a very tentative, very fragile friendship. That had to be good enough.
Tony shivered, then rubbed a hand over his face. “So you really want to tell me that it’s all apples and sunshine in your time? We're best friends now? Forgive me, but… I don’t really believe you. We never learned to get along. Why should we now?”
“Just follow me,” Steve said as he fell into a steady jog.
It took a while, but finally he got Ian calmed enough so he could eat.
“Does he look like he’ll attack us?!”
“Don’t worry, I got this. Thor?”
“Worth a try,” Rhodey reasoned with a shrug. It was difficult not to notice the sudden tension wringing his figure to definitive stillness.
?" he asked, indignant as he closed his hand around the ring.
An inelegant snort wafted from Bucky, as he pointed to Tony’s neck where the hickey Steve had left there earlier was still very visible. “Looks like you’ve already had a few of those.”
God, Tony really needed him inside, and he could tell from the look on his face that Steve needed to be there just as badly. Leaning forward, Steve kissed him feverently. His hands cupped Tony’s middle to lift him up, then his fingers slid into him, stretching him with measured movements.
“I don’t want to,” Steve whispered right back.
"Tests came back clean, but we're still waiting for some final results," Bruce answered with a shrug. "Whatever it was, you metabolized it already. It left no detectable residue in your system."
Which was ridiculous. There was no way he would let Tony go. Not now that he had his love. Not now that he felt the grip of Indries’ ghost slowly fade away. Not now that he felt so wondrously liberated.
“I’m not so easy to get rid of,” Bucky said as he tried to sit up. He had a bit of a hard time, what with the way he only had one arm at the moment, and he grunted with annoyance as he heaved himself into a vertical position.
All in all, living here wasn’t such a hardship. Aside from training the new STRIKE team, and spending most of his free time with Natasha and Clint, he’d met all sorts of interesting new people. Coulson’s team, Peggy’s niece Sharon, Sam. Sam, in particular, was a great guy. They usually did their morning runs together—sometimes jogging side by side, sometimes with each of them doing their own thing and going for breakfast afterwards.
The only reaction he got was Steve furrowing his brows even more. A soft little whine of fear and frustration left his throat—a sound that sent chills all the way through Tony’s body.
“Not the first time,” Steve reminded him.
Now, Tony had always taken pride in the fact that the suit had about zero loopholes. Of course, being a scientist, he knew that, by law of physics, everything had a weak spot, but over the years he’d taken great efforts to make Iron Man as safe as possible. And thus, it came as a bit of a surprise when Barnes simply slid his knife between the suit’s ab-plates, and drove it straight into Tony’s abdomen.
* * *
Maria screamed. On the screen, the Winter Soldier now neared her, his expression unreadable.
Steve cocked his head unsympathetically. “Well, maybe if you told me the truth from the beginning instead of making up excuses—”
Stane spoke as if Indries was still alive, and maybe, for him, she still was.
…” He frowned as he leaned back in the hug to look at Steve. “I did not die,” he told Steve. “I just became… more.”
Steve grinned smugly. “Wore you out, huh?”
That brought a scowl to Steve’s face. “You don’t want me to say it because you’re afraid,” he said. “Because, you know it’s the truth.”
And just as it had started, the hallucination was gone, and Steve was back in the Avengers Tower common room, with everyone where they had been sitting before, but at least half of the team was staring at him instead of the TV, and Steve, still panting, reeling from the experience, leaned forward, cupping his face in his hands.
matters to you.
true. Steve had more or less always been attracted to both dames and gents, but with the war raging on, it wasn’t something he gave much thought to. It wasn’t important, and in any case, even if he would consider men like that, Tony clearly wasn’t someone who would have something to do with Steve. He was wearing an obviously very expensive suit, with an even more expensive watch at his wrist and sharp-looking features.
“Looks like this is a dead end,” Tony exclaimed with black eyes. “Zero heat signature, Zero waves, not even radio. Whoever wrote the file must have used a router to throw people off, because…” He trailed off, frowning, then he turned around.
“How’s that supposed to make me calm down?”
They were sweaty and distinctively glued together in the middle, but Steve couldn’t be bothered by any of it, so instead of moving, he wrapped his arms around Tony’s middle, hands on his head, kissing his eyes and then the corner of his gasping mouth.
What could
Natasha smiled that neutral smile of hers. “How do you do that?”
real, I already know everything.”
Tony shook his head, sighing. “Not that I don’t like the idea of being your savior, mind you. But baby—”
“For me?” Steve asked, frowning. “What do you mean?”
Steve let out a startled laugh.
Tony heaved a low breath. “Just, you know, if you care for a little stress relief.”
Tony huffed, looking at him strangely.
“I know,” Steve murmured with a distraught tone, keeping him still. “As soon as you stop trashing, I’ll go. Don’t want to make this harder on you.”
Tony cast him a long glance. “Thanks.” He put a hand over his eyes and shook his head. “I’ve never done anything like that before.”
So he ignored Tony. Which instantly made Tony edgy. Which, after a while, made Tony brooding and sullen and ultimately, his expression had darkened into something entirely not good.
Tony went into motion then, opening the kit and taking out some wipes. “Everything alright?” he asked conversationally.
Tony grimaced. “You
There was a tangible shift when Tony's climax crested. Beyond the lost rhythm and Tony's desperate moans, Steve could feel him clenching, quivering around him. He let go of the last of his control right then, shoving hard against him with every pulsing wave of pleasure, Tony's name on his lips as he came.
* * *
* * *
“Yeah, no. I suck at the forward thing. Usually, it involves me, a drink splashed in my face, and someone screaming at me.” Tony shuddered at the memory. “I can’t be forward with Steve. I’ve done forward. Not a good idea.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered shut when Steve kneeled down behind him and placed both hands on his hips. His body was so close. He felt him, his dick, but also the rough fabric of the uniform, and Tony couldn’t help but shiver.
Steve’s other hand pressed against Tony’s cheek, his fingers lightly exploring the softened hair in Tony’s neck. “I’m so sorry you got hurt,” he spoke quietly. “I don’t think I’ve… I didn’t think this through. I was reckless, and impulsive…”
Tony shrugged, though he did rub a hand over his forehead as he walked across the room and then back. “Not much in this world surprises me anymore, to be honest. So, what was it: A spell? Fuck, I hate magic
“They… they found a boat,” Steve told him, feeling nauseous. “A sailing boat. I think it’s… it’s…”
Steve was dead. Because of him.
Tony was already closing his eyes when Steve neared him and then there was a warm hand at his neck, drawing him in.
What would he think once he’d hear someone call his fathers mass murderers?
Oh, he could love him, Steve thought in that moment. So easily.
The drink had been sitting in front of Steve for a while untouched as he mused. He finally took it in hand and drank down half the glass. What was taking Tony so long? Surely he would be here by now if all went according the plan. Steve was only mildly worried, though. Tony had a tendency to lose touch with time and the world at large. Smiling at the thought, Steve palmed his pocket and lifted his gaze to survey the room again.
“I love you,” Steve said without hesitation, his arms clenching as tremors seized his body, ecstasy ripping through his every fiber. Tony’s muscles clamped down around him and Steve gave back as good as he got. His teeth were nipping at Tony’s throat, the moans rumbling through his body, melting into helpless whimpers as Tony suddenly trembled hard and spilled himself between both of their chests.
“Yeah,” Natasha confirmed.
Pepper and Rhodey both cast him wide grins, raising their glasses when he turned to look at them, and even Obi struggled for an approving expression.
“No bacon,” both Steve and Natasha replied simultaneously.
There was a long beat of silence. “So he showed you?”
“Might as well join you,” Tony said, moving to stand with Steve. He trailed after him through the room, picking up his clothes as they went.
“Fine,” Steve said, completely cheery, while he grinned at Tony. He pushed past him and grabbed a bag of Doritos off of the display. “Dinner’s ready in a few minutes. Be right back.” And without another word, he disappeared around the corner, leaving Tony alone.
“He loves you.”
Bucky glared at her.
Steve stared at him, visibly taken aback, but Tony pressed on. “It’s us and it’s the universe out there. And we have limits, no matter how much we train, how much we prepare.”
Which meant that, despite Steve claiming to have married him in the future, it didn’t mean that would still be happening.
“So that was his plan all along? Sacrifice Extremis to lock Ultron down?”
Steve swiped his thumb over the screen, his expression unreadable. “Who commissioned this?” There was more than just mild worry in Steve’s tone.
"I pushed him away, Buck. For good..." He sighed and shook his head, getting up and going to fetch his bag.
Steve nodded and furrowed his brows, when he noticed the dark circles framing Tony’s eyes, the tired expression, the rumpled clothes. He wrapped his arms around Tony’s body and held him close in a tight embrace. His hands slipped underneath the tail of his shirt, slid them along the smooth skin of his back, rubbing the surely sore muscles there.
It was safe to say he wasn’t all that impressed.
“He looks more like you every day,” Tony whispered after a few moments of comfortable silence. He didn’t sound reproachful; instead he regarded Ian’s sleeping face with pure adoration. A smirk appeared on his lips. “He’ll have your jaw, for sure.”
me,” he said, his lips brushing Steve’s. “Please, I’m ready.”
“Nope. I think he woke up on the wrong side of the crib.” Tony shrugged, about to get a bottle from the fridge. “So what’s with pancakes this morning?”
“The next part might hurt a bit,” Tony explained gently, touching his fingers to Steve’s skin. “You can still say no.”
him, to know he had to keep his distance when he really wanted to wrap his arms around Tony and keep him as close as possible. But if this made it easier on him, if he needed Steve to stay away, he’d do it.
“Not as long as Jarvis,” Stane answered. “He was already here when Tony’s father was still a boy. I only joined Stark Industries a few years before Howard died. Indries was later hired as my assistant, and she and Tony fell in love at first sight. Only a few weeks after she joined the company, they got married. I have never seen Tony as happy as he was in those days.”
In the evening, they lay next to each other on the ratty blanket as they stared up at a crystal clear sky, millions of stars stretched out across the horizon, unfamiliar star constellations painted onto the black canopy above their heads.
“I’m not,” Steve said. While every day the media-frenzy got worse, he didn’t regret any of his decisions. They had brought him here, after all.
Steve winced sympathetically at the mentioning of Tony's knees. His own knees weren't all that thrilled about the hard tiles they'd been kneeling on, either, so he could only imagine how much worse it must be for Tony. The loss of heat was definitely regrettable, but not too bad, since they stayed close enough.
“Show-off,” Natasha said, but they all could hear the smile in her voice.
"Tony," he breathed next to his cheek. "Hey…" He pulled Tony's hand away gently, letting out a slow, steadying breath and tilting his head as though to indicate their location and predicament. "We need to at least look at what we've got here before I can commit to…" He trailed off, and when Tony raised an amused brow in question, he humped a little against Tony's hip for emphasis.
Tony took one last look at him, then cleared his throat. “Steve?”
The baby picked that moment to wail again.
Strange had denied it--Why should he have searched for a timeline he hadn’t even known of?--but there had been a glimmer in his eyes, some kind of deep self-satisfaction for having been right all along. And Tony had a feeling he remembered all of it perfectly.
“Come on, sweetheart, talk to me,” Steve said softly, and laid a hand on Tony’s chest, caressing the skin around the arc reactor.
A pause. “I’m coming back to New York.”
Steve visibly blanched as he processed that information. “What—”
“Scenic route?” Tony echoed, frowning.
Steve bounded to his feet before delivering a punch with his shield that sent the man flying over the street. Then, he twirled with a roundabout kick to dispatch the last remaining goon that had accompanied Rumlow to Lagos.
Tony couldn’t help himself. He started laughing. Oh God, Ultron really
happened, and I couldn’t concentrate, thanks very much. “...but I think I just have to accept the fact that he’s yet another failure and do what I’m su—”
He didn't say. His first time topping another man had been awkward as hell. He's been terrified of hurting the guy, but luckily, he'd liked Steve's size and was willing to overlook his lack of experience for the benefit of bedding ‘The Captain’. Steve on his part had just been in need of some relief. He hadn't even expected to end up in bed with anyone, but when the guy had offered it, Steve was curious, and was craving distraction to the point that he simply rolled with it.
Tony had no means of denying it. It was what he wanted. He heard himself agree to the command and there was little stopping the compliance of his body. His feet carried him forward.
Tony stopped, momentarily confused when he suddenly felt Steve’s hands on his chest, trailing down and instantly starting to undress him. He tried to focus on the numbers that were scrolling down in front of his eyes, but Steve’s fingers were pressing onto him more firmly, the tips moving along his length, and that was, that was just…
Tony smirked at that. He looked down at his watch, wondering if Steve would already be at home by now. He sighed, throwing his head back and staring at the ceiling. “Honestly, it’s a wonder I’m even functioning these days. You could say something nice about that for a change.”
Then again... Tony had been wrong about people before.
)’–acquaintance turned out to already have made deals with Ultron before they even arrived. He
he said before he turned away, and no sooner did he feel the burn of Steve’s gaze boring into the back of his neck.
He just needed to get close enough, activate a short blackout in the comm-line, and hope Steve would believe him before he needed to get back online. Ten seconds, fifteen tops, anything else would seem suspicious.
Sooner rather than later, they had to split up, and after a while, Tony was nowhere to be seen, vanishing within the large crowd. And that’s where Steve was left off—alone with all these strangers.
person on earth Tony had ever thought to label them like this. A family? Them?
, Steve thought, smiling even as he sprinted towards the group, knocking the first right to the ground. He ducked under a punch from one soldier, but got caught from behind by another one. He teetered on the entryway edge, arms outspread. Digging in his toes, he managed to find his balance. He jumped down and sucker punched another soldier in the back, spinning him around. He caught his opponent square in the jaw, knocking him out, too.
Steve shrugged, unbothered. “I love art more.”
“It belongs to you,” Tony said. “I know you don’t need it…”—he’d
Those
Tony cleared his throat. It had been a very long time since he’d seen Steve fret about him like that.
Steve took a deep breath, and with a voice that was far calmer than he felt, he said, “We talked about this, Tony. Never this.
It was an indescribable feeling; one of those to look back upon and reflect forever… somewhere between shouts of joy and grins of happiness.
She stopped with a small grin. “It’s fine, I’m not gonna say anything,” she said, needing no further direction. And her acceptance was plain but heartfelt. “Really—congratulation.”
He knew she was right. There was always that terrible sense of loss upon awakening, but not much else.
By now, Tony felt like some kind of a celibate monk, well, minus the masturbation, but
And now, once again frozen but eerily awake, he had a moment of clarity: He saw himself in the past decades of his life, and realized time had never held meaning to him. Time had been without shape, and he had as much of it as anyone ever would.
The glass-door of Tony’s workshop shut with a satisfying sound, and Tony leaned against it, sighing with relief. Unbuttoning his dress shirt, he pulled it from the waistband of his pants, then loosened his tie.
“And this is where something went wrong? Right now?”
“I’m gonna get started on Loki’s scepter, tonight I’ll grab a few Zz’s and be better in no time,” Tony said, rising on his toes so he could press a soft yet firm kiss on Steve’s mouth. Steve in turn pulled Tony tight into his embrace. There really was no way he could deny Tony anything when he looked at him like that. Almost two years into their marriage and he still got weak in the knees whenever Tony’s focus zeroed in on him.
Looking at his clock, Tony said matter-of-factly, “Yeah, well. That’s about one hour of my time. You’re Clint’s son, so you’re getting a good price, say, two hundred bucks?”
Steve shook his head, despite the pain. He managed a brief glance at Tony, but then the aftertaste of the vision reminded him of the softness of Tony's lips and the utter surprise on his face and he had to look away again. "Not helping," he heard himself say in response. The idea that other people could've kissed Tony, or done anything else with him made an unreasonable rage flare in his chest. Unreasonable and completely uncalled for.
“Wanda,” Vision called, his tone deeply worried. He had stepped into the foyer that led out of the living room but immediately stopped in his tracks when she waved him off. Vision’s eyes longingly followed her until she walked around the next corner.
here?” Bucky persisted. “You brought me out. Why aren’t you leaving? You shouldn’t be here, you should be with your family, with your
There was the longest pause.
Tony looked down at the screen, saw pictures of a person’s NSA file. Only that he didn’t know the man.
“Can’t believe you boinked Stark on Clint’s tractor,” Sam said, and on the next beat, he and Bucky started chuckling. “He’ll never stop talking about it.”
to contain his joy that Rhodey might have decided to become a full-out Avenger, but he probably wasn’t doing a very good job.
Tony just stared at the stars. “I… I don’t know what you want me to say.”
Tony frowned down at the floor, still not looking directly at him. His mouth started to shape the word ‘Why?’, then he changed his mind before articulating it and shrugged. “Do whatever you want,” he said curtly. “I’m going to the shop. Suit still needs repairing.”
“The dead ones aren’t so dead at all,” Tony called as he sped towards them. His voice wasn’t quite panicked, but it was a close call. “Incoming!”
There was a brief pause at that, and Steve smiled up at him through his long lashes. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Me, too.”
“I don’t know. Pesticides, fertilizers… a shady place in the garden?”
. “Ah, fuck,” he voiced eloquently, staring helplessly into space.
Steve shrugged, unbothered. “I could always recite the Constitution and look very patriotic. That always worked for me in the 40s.”
Tony tore his eyes away and fixated on a spot staining the grass. “So… we’ll do this.”
He could recall the exact sense of urgent dread from the first one, when he’d walked into that large, fine looking house. There had been the idea that something terrible could happen at any moment… And then there was that second, much more elaborate vision. It had
“Of course she was,” Tony said, annoyed that Natasha knew him so well—know that one of his greatest weaknesses had always been curiosity.
“Good,” Sam said. “‘cause this stuff tends to draw a crowd.”
Tony frowned. “And what does that mean?”
“You really gotta ask?” Steve said as he leaned down to kiss Tony’s throat. Somewhere deep down in his mind, he knew they shouldn’t be doing this—avoiding this conversation. They’d been doing it for a while, always interrupting themselves when things got heady—and he was very well aware that that wasn’t exactly a healthy communication system, but…
,” he yelled. “If you leave, you better be sure I’ll be following.”
By now, the road trip to Hopkinsville seemed like a well-loved dream. It had grown distant in the face of the ticking clock. Life since returning home was more a cycle than anything else.
Tony cleared his throat, and took a step forward, and out of Steve’s embrace. His eyes flickered to his watch. It was already 8.59.
Bucky dropped the letter and reached over, grabbing Steve's t-shirt collar with an iron grip. "How you survived so long without me is a mystery," Bucky hissed, then slid off the couch. "Go get dressed. Wear something nice. We're leaving in half an hour."
, socked him right in the jaw, smashing him against the nearest wall so hard he had to stay down for a good few seconds.
“Because when our goal is to leave the Earth better than we found it, sometimes we need to take a step into the unknown.” At that, Tony smiled, and reached for the glass of champagne that stood on the speaker’s desk, raising it to the audience. “To Stark Industries’ Clean Energy Line. To a great Stark Expo. And to an even better evening for us all. Thank you."
Steve scoffed, but he eventually slumped into a chair, surrendering to the situation. “So?” he asked.
Steve chuckled. “We’re almost there.”
—he even fought his own brothers and sisters so he could be with you.”
“Looks to me like he would’ve been better off with not knowing,” Tony said quietly.
“I don’t know. But with what already happened, I think that if we don’t do this now, sign the Accords as a team, shit really will hit the fan.”
tight, and I don’t want this to be over before it even starts. Just… give me a moment.”
When Steve turned around, Natasha’s expression was one of troubled thought.
Maria backed down a little, but not by much. “Okay…” she said in a quieter tone. “I don’t. But he assassinated
He watched the two leave, and barely held back a snort when Happy gave him a thumbs-up followed by a broad grin before walking out the room.
“A razor sounds good.” Tony’s voice was quiet. For the first time since arriving here, his gaze flickered to Steve, and there was something there—something cautious and uncertain—but he looked away again before Steve could even try to figure out what it was.
“Ah shit,” Tony grunted as he climbed down. “I got some kind of resin all over me.”
Tony gulped, then nodded.
There was no physical effect he could feel yet, but that didn't mean they should take that chance. "Retreat!"
"Of course, if you can't stay…" He trailed off. He didn't want Tony to leave yet. It's taken so long for them to get to see each other again, and he was worried the problem might repeat itself in the future. Dammit, it would all have been much easier if Tony had just stayed on the team...
It took both of them a second to make the connection between Steve’s voice and someone actually having entered the workshop, and that probably spoke volumes of how out of it they seemed to be. Bruce raised one hand in an awkward greeting, while Tony made a move to pull the towel off of his face, but apparently decided against it halfway through.
And yet…
After grabbing some pajamas for both him and Steve, Tony left for the bathroom. It did feel a little like a strange sleepover at a friend’s place, what with changing clothes in separate rooms, and vowing to keep his fingers from getting potentially inappropriate, but Tony would take what he could get.
“Betty once taught me.” He gestured to the island. “Also, T’Challa’s has a huge library and I was bored.”
“Really?” Tony asked and the insecurity Steve saw buried in his brown eyes was definitely something new.
“Exactly,” Steve acknowledged, then took a huge sip of the coffee and made to stand up. Rinsing the cup in the sink, he walked around the kitchen counter. Everything was said, and he really wasn’t in the mood for small talk. “Glad you’re on board,” he told Vision. “I gotta grab a new uniform, this one’s pretty torn. We’ll meet at the hangar in ten—”
“I t-thought you were h-happy to get away from all t-that.”
After his horrible attempt at kissing Steve, Tony’s mood took a tumble into very bad territory. The day Tony had announced his project finished and allowed MIT’s graduation committee to take a look at DUM-E, a media frenzy had broken loose.
“It’s my fault because I knew what he would do.” He spoke aloud, Tony realized too late, and although he didn’t turn his head to look, he could sense Rhodey twisting in his swivel chair, his eyes slightly surprised.
Tony came to a stop so abruptly, he almost passed him by. “What, you want to tell me you have no idea why I’m upset?” he demanded.
Tony made a little, rumbling sound of protest. “Want your weight.”
For just a second, he’d started thinking about how to retreat from this situation without tearing everything apart in the process. He’d been ready to leave, to be unhappily in love once again, to make Steve into another person in his life with whom Tony had messed everything up.
There was a hand on his arm, holding him back. “You seem stressed, Captain.”
A trembling breath slipped passed Natasha’s lips, and she nodded, gaze fogging somewhat.
exactly when she turned her reverse-psychology bullshit on me, but I couldn’t
“Come on, Tony, learn to live a little.” He put the camera in Tony’s hand and struck a pensive pose next to a poster of some weeping ghost bride.
Faintly, Steve heard the others mutter a few words before they finally gave them some space. When Tony pulled back, he stared up into Steve’s eyes with palpable despair. “You gotta go with them,” he whispered.
Tony, the man he’d met in his dreams back in 1943 was standing in front of him, seventy years later, and was somehow his team member, ready to fight an alien God at his side.
Right. Tony groaned as he let his suit’s helmet bleed back into the armor. “And you’re sure we can’t just barge in there and take the Sequencer? Friday tells me this Doom-guy’s defense isn’t something we have to worry about.”
There were no tears, no wet cheeks, just that: Dry, choking sobs leaving his lips because he didn’t know how to deal with being the reason Steve was gone.
Tony frowned, then sighed wistfully.
“You… talked to me… asked me…” He rose to his feet, but he was weak and trembling. He braced one hand against a cold wall to steady himself, and his voice was stronger than his legs when he said, “You… you hurt me…”
Today, however, Tony’s mood was at a record low. Ross was once more trying to force him to actively hunt for the fugitives, convinced that Tony knew something he didn’t. And there were developments inside Congress, about more restrictions, more surveillance, that was giving Tony pause.
Bucky waved a hand at both of them dismissively. “Steve’s too noble for his own good. Always has been. You probably still never had a proper girlfriend.”
“Tony,” Steve called softly. “What are you doing here?”
"The other’s are upstairs. I just—"
“Yes. You found that old bunker. And Zola.”
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
“I think we’re safe for the rest of the day.”
Natasha placed her hands on either side of his shoulders to prop herself up, biting her lip and grinding her bare middle against him. He cupped her breasts through her shirt, smirking when she gasped as he pinched her left nipple. Hard.
This, however, looked like it might be… more.
Bucky released a low breath and ran the fingers of his metal hand through her red locks. They were so much shorter now than he was used to.
His hands slid over Steve’s shoulders, passing behind the back of his gray t-shirt as he wrapped his arms around him and Ian more fully. Steve was shivering, his muscles clenched tight beneath the unexpected embrace. Beneath the thin cotton, Tony could feel his firm chest, the fast beating of his heart, and he stared up at him.
Tony blinked, not bothering to hide his surprise when he saw Steve staring at DUM-E with wide eyes. The bot had turned its claw in Steve’s direction, rotating it back and forth as if to wave at him.
It even looked slightly faded.
"He won't press charges," Ms. Potts said, turning to him with a brisk smile. "I've worked with Obadiah Stane long enough to know at least this—the guy knows when it's losing fight."
“Everything?” Tony echoed. He hadn’t dared to ask Barnes so far. He and Bruce had suspected that the removal of the implants would eventually lead to Barnes remembering his past lives, but there hadn’t been a way to be sure. “Or everything since?”
“For our sake, I hope so.”
Steve could see that he was at least calmer, but there was still a light in his eyes that worried him. “What are you thinking?”
“So… easy.”
Soon after, they were huddling beneath their shelter, the blanket drawn around them both as they stared at the torrent of raindrops.
Natasha walked around the island and held out her arms. “Come on, give him to me. You eat.”
“You know,” Steve smiled devilishly, “I kind of thought you might.”
Bucky had a sinking feeling he knew where this was going. And he wasn’t sure how to feel about it. He could see it in Tony’s eyes—the hope to move on from what happened, but Bucky also knew he didn’t deserve it. He needed to make amends. He needed to earn his friendship, rather than have Tony tell him the past was forgiven. There were miles to go before his debt was repaid.
“Because I don’t get it. Why you haven’t laughed in my face at some point, telling everyone that I like to suck dick, I—I just don’t get.” He shook his head, ignoring Steve’s grimace at his choice of words. “You’re not like other people. You don’t get upset with me. You get annoyed. You get frustrated. You get pissed. But you never… drop me. Not even after I… well, did that thing. And I… I would’ve deserved you being angry. I deserved for you to drop me.”
Natasha offered a small, respectful nod. “Yes.”
Rhodes shrugged. “I think the streets are blocked everywhere right now.”
The conversation with Fury sat heavy on his mind. He had turned up sometime before dinner, basically telling everyone to get their asses out of the gutter and back in the game. Steve hadn’t missed the pointed look he’d given both Steve and Tony, just as he hadn’t missed the quiet talk Fury had had with Tony in the back of the living room afterwards.
“A time machine,” Steve echoed, huffing. “Right.”
Three days of work to ensure safety, and he had doomed them all.
He still hadn’t left his room, though, still had panic attacks almost every day, and he barely talked to Steve, which meant Steve was still moody, and still wasn’t sleeping in the penthouse.
“What?” Tony asked, looking a bit startled himself.
“There’s a pathway,” JARVIS explained, “just below the north tower.”
believe it. And Steve
Strangely, Bucky only lowered his gaze to his coffee, staying quiet for a moment, before he cleared his throat. "It's… not going so well for me," he said, then told him how he'd been released from the hospital, how the military discharged him with nothing to his name but a purple heart decoration. Steve kept nodding his head as he heard how Bucky couldn't get a job, and how he didn't do well enough in his SATs to get into college.
Steve couldn’t help it; he had to smile at the disgruntled look on Tony’s face. “So did I,” he admitted, then added, “about settling in, I mean.” His gaze fell on the duffle bag, and he took a deep breath. “Look, Tony, I… I didn’t want to leave just like that. Not after everything. Wanted to say goodbye at least.”
“Some people are better at keeping secrets than others,” Steve murmured as he followed Clint’s path through the high grass, the others trailing close behind. Bucky was cradling Natasha in his arms, her eyes distant, her stance hunched, and Steve could only guess what horrors the Maximoff girl had shown her. Thor seemed to be more troubled than shaken, and as for Bruce… there was something still slightly feral in his gaze, something that hadn’t been there for a whole long while.
Steve’s lips were moving, as if he was trying to say something, but no sound was to be heard anymore.
There was a bad feeling rising inside Steve’s stomach and his glance fell on a Stark Pad lying on another coffee table. He walked over there, frowning when he didn’t even find the Home Button, but once he raised the thing up, the home screen flashed on and Steve almost fell over in shock.
He was lost. God, Steve was so lost to him.
He took a low breath, head dipping so he could press a soft kiss against Steve’s neck. “You know… back in the old days, when we’d just met,” he told him quietly, as if sharing a well-hidden secret. “When we went all alpha male whenever one of us opened his mouth? I might’ve trash-talked about you a lot, at home. And... JARVIS always suggested my frustration with you might have something to do with how much I let you get under my skin.”
be a reason for them not to be banging right now. Bucky nodded, then raised his voice, “I’ll be there shortly!”
he didn’t say, but Steve knew that was what he was thinking.
. Damn it.”
Steve nodded, as he reached for the yellow pencil. “Good choice,” he agreed and handed it over to her. “The circle there is right in the middle of the picture,” he explained. “Artists call it the ‘focal point’, you don’t always need it, but in this case, it’ll pull the viewer’s eye right into it when you give it a bright color. Yellow’s always a good way to do it.”
Steve stopped in his tracks, looking up sharply. “I won’t let you navigate Iron Man with ruptures, and you’re still on painkillers.”
Tony braced himself with one hand against the headboard and pushed back to meet Steve’s thrusts. Biting his lower lip, Tony glanced towards the cradle standing in front of the bookshelves. His expression was visibly strained, and he leaned forward to press his face into the next pillow, effectively muffling all sounds.
“Never wake someone from a nightmare,” Tony mumbled to himself, even as he cautiously raised a hand to put it onto Steve’s shoulder. He
,” Tony said, voice choked, and he fisted both hands in Steve’s shirt. “You were mine. You were my—”
It might be new memories, but it didn’t change who he was at the core. And the fact that they’d remained as important to each other as in their former life had him burning with hope.
SR 10:20 A.M.>It's a date
“That’s one interpretation,” Tony said, forcing a quick smile to his lips. He got up again to pour himself a cup of coffee. “A few people in Washington were acting strangely whenever I talked to them. They kept rambling about how they didn’t want to talk about Bucky’s trial before some ‘papers’ were finished. So I got curious and went looking. That’s what Fury was talking about yesterday.”
Thus, in his mind, sleep was far away. Unattainable. Not while Steve was finally with him.
Pepper rolled her eyes, before putting her hands on Steve’s shoulders, looking him up and down. “Well. Aren’t you something,” she said. “No wonder he’s smitten with you.”
?” he countered. Since this was a dream, he figured he didn’t have to beat around the bush, didn’t have to control, which words left his mouth and which better didn’t.
Natasha huffed, but there was something very soft and very warm flickering across her face.
Was he, though? He looked at the portraits and could not, for the life of him, imagine himself up there, with his unremarkable face and his messy blond hair.
“I know that road,” Tony said, his voice surprised, but laced with something… else. Not quite fear, but very close to it.
“No, it’s not,” Steve agreed and sighed.
Steve frowned. “He didn’t yet decide if he wants to be on the team.”
“What about it?” Tony asked, confused.
Her nose scrunched up in disgust as she took in the mess he’d made on the kitchen counter. “How did you even survive without Steve all these years?”
“Steve!” Tony yelled after him. “Let him! He’ll find his own way back!”
it, but just knowing that Steve cared enough to gauge every single one of Tony’s reactions before he moved further was…
“Arc reactor,” Steve filled in.
Tony had come
God, Steve really shouldn't be thinking how attractive Tony was, especially not when he was so drunk, but thoughts were hard to control.
Steve’s knight in shiny suit-shaped armor, to the rescue.
There was nothing for a minute. Then Tony elbowed Steve, who belatedly realized his cue. “Huh?”
"You're completely gone on him," Bucky determined, like it was an immovable fact.
“Они женаты,” she said while setting her chin on Bucky’s shoulder. They’re married.
“I—” The man said, then followed Tony’s gesture with his eyes. He pointedly reached for a pen that lay on the table between them, and leaned back. “I’ve actually read most of it, already. The changes are good.”
put on one of his tighter-fitting jeans and dug both thumbs into his front pockets in hope Tony would notice.
"That's the plan," Steve said, grinding down slowly against Tony. The direct skin to skin contact on his back felt amazing, but more than anything it served to increase his need tenfold. "If you're good, I'll even let you touch." He nipped at Tony's lip before moving to kiss his neck.
Standing next to one another, Steve had a moment of startled pause when he realized he needed to look down at Tony. They were about a head apart in height, and there was something unfairly alluring to the way Tony lifted his head to look at Steve when he realized he wasn't actually helping with the cab efforts. There was a question in those eyes that Steve knew extended well beyond the here and now, and Steve's eyes flicked to his lips.
“I love you still.”
loved her. I bet he still does.”
,” Steve corrected. “Come on. Let’s take it one step at a time.” He reached out and took his hand, leading Tony towards the elevator. “My next step is getting through this day without breaking a politician’s nose.”
“It was worth it, anyway,” Tony continued, his voice very soft as he met Steve’s gaze again. “I never thought I’d find someone like you. I was ready to end it there, in Monte Carlo. But then there was
“But first, he wanted to put a few miles on his soul,” Tony went on. “Before he’d park it behind a desk. See the world, maybe be of service. Charlie didn’t go to Vegas, he didn’t go to Paris or Amsterdam. No, he decided to spend his summer building sustainable housing for the poor. Guess where.”
"I'm just telling you how it is. Take it or leave it. Tony’s life isn’t easy, and he’s not an easy kid to deal with." He stood up. "I’m sorry… thanks for the coffee. I gotta head back—time sensitive experiment," he said and sent a small smile at Steve before hurrying out of the cafe.
Not waiting for an answer, Tony pushed himself off the bed and attempted to run across the room, only just realizing that his pants were still pooled around his ankles.
(See the end of the chapter for
He glanced over to where Sharon Carter was sitting. She wasn’t crying. Steve couldn’t see her face, but somehow, he knew she wasn’t someone to cry openly. He had talked to her a few times when he’d still lived in Washington. They had been introduced, but never went on a mission together. He’d only found out that she was Peggy’s great-niece when he’d already been back in New York. But of what Steve got to know of her she was a lovely woman who did her very best, and that was good enough for him.
He only hoped he’d be there with him when it happened.
“We try,” Tony answered, pulling Steve’s hand up to his lips and kissing the silver ring there.
Looking down at Tony’s face, Bruce nodded his head. “It’s fixable. Just stay with us, you hear me? Let’s get inside and I’ll get it out.”
The wide grin on Steve's face was unrepentant in the best of ways. He left his finding next to the rest of the armor and slowly approached Tony from behind. "Yeah? That's good news." He didn't even bother keeping his interest out of his voice. "And air supply?" he asked, mostly to keep Tony distracted as he advanced and reached to wrap his arms around him, hands immediately moving to zip down the pants on his undersuit.
“This?”
Natasha smiled—a real smile. Genuine and without an ulterior motive. “No. No, he isn’t.”
They were lying on the bed, the covers draped over them. It was warm and cozy, and however foreign the motel room had felt at first, it was wonderfully familiar now.
“I know we’ve talked about this, but it just… you don’t understand.”
“It’s Secretary Ross for you.”
“Life?” Tony shot back, cocking his head to the side. It was hard to make out Steve’s features in the dim light of the early morning. And things were still distinctively blurry.
A door in front of them suddenly opened. Or… it wasn’t opening, someone
The words were all there. Choking Steve. But he just couldn’t do it.
“But if I were them, I’d want to see you again,” she told him gently. “Don’t you?”
A surprised laugh burst out of him, and he only had enough time to pull the razor away from his face before that happened. His free hand rose to his face, pressing over his mouth. It took him a long moment to regain his bearings after that, but when he did, he met Tony's eyes through the mirror. "No chance. You're stuck with me, kiddo."
They were actually going to have the talk.
“Fury, give us a minute,” Tony grunted, pulling himself up higher against the wall. “It’s about this nasty rash I’ve got growing right up in my-” Tony purposefully adjusted the seat of pants.
Peter’s head was pillowed on Tony’s lap as Steve wrestled Peter’s feet into two pairs of oversized socks.
An hour or two after arriving at Ned’s, Peter got a phone call from Tony that the team had been called in for a mission. He and Steve would be out within the hour.
And don’t get it wrong; Peter knew he was adopted. He knew there was a reason why he didn’t have Steve’s kind smile or Tony’s clever eyes. Why he hadn’t inherited either Steve’s blond locks or Tony’s jet black hair, but instead his own shade of mousy, bland brown.
“The team is coming here.” Steve held his hand up before Tony could start again. “Fury thinks the tower is their next target.”
“Only because you asked so nicely,” Clint said.
“Peter, what’s going on?”
Returning to the living room, Tony found that Peter had shifted so his face was completely hidden in the crevice between Steve’s neck and shoulder.
“Kid, you don’t have to eat them. I meant that. But you need to talk to me. I need you to tell me what is going on because something is wrong. I’m your dad. I can see it.”
Fucking.
He was just
Peter rolled his eyes for what felt like the thirtieth time today. Why were all the adults in his life convinced he would “get lonely and bored” and make poor life choices? Choices like going out as Spider-Man when there were no other heroes in the city.
A little too predictable if you asked Tony. But even if they no longer had the element of surprise, they now had the element of sheer force.
Fury shrugged. “Consider this an in-the-field performance review.”
Tony bit his lip, his foot starting to tap without his permission. “No, no. I’ll talk to him. I’m the teenage whisper here. Also, I’ll burn dinner if you leave me in the kitchen.”
And the first chapter ends! See you next Sunday with some more Superfamily drama. Don't worry, things are about to get a LOT worse for the boys. :)
The next morning, Peter had breakfast with Steve while Tony was down in the workshop.
So Peter rushed to his dad’s side and hugged him tight.
“Good.”
,” Peter groaned. “Everyone’s watching.”
“Take a breath.” Steve glanced over his shoulder. No one was looking their way. The team had respectfully turned their backs to them.
“It’s this kind of thing, this attitude of yours, that makes you so difficult to deal with-”
“Because I’m a patriot, and I love your work, I’m going to give you one more chance to do this willingly,” Brandon said. “The easy way, if you will.”
CW: eating disorders, anxiety, talk of mental illness and disorders.
“Don’t worry about it, Spidey.” Nat said, slinging her arm around Peter’s shoulders. “We’ll get you home in time for your next great science fair.”
She was right. Of course. If his mind wasn’t chanting ‘S
Nat rubbed her forehead. At some point between when she took the elevator and when she strode over to the table, she had changed into her usual suit. No one was brave enough to ask where the dress went.
Steve tried to appear stately, like a proper leader, but his cheeks and neck flushed as soon as one of Tony’s hands gripped his ass.
Peter’s eyebrows furrowed. “What mission are we on, Ned?”
Immediately, he ran to the side and tried to curl his fingers under and lift. But it had clicked into place, locking into notches on the concrete floor. He was trapped, at least for now. He curled his fingers around the thick mesh, the holes were already a foot wide, if he could just
“Let’s go find our son, Cap.”
“You can stay here with Peter,” Steve reasoned.
Steve shivered and Tony held him closer.
The last thing they had to get was one of Tony Stark’s suits. Then they could give the Avengers a run for their money.
Tony turned to his makeshift medical kit, attaching the needle to the tubing and the tubing to the saline bag. He pulled the needle cap off with his teeth because he saw it on a movie once and this moment called for cinematic levels of dramatics.
Tony cocked an eyebrow. “You guys are going to read fictionalized comics about the Avengers? Knowing every single word is a lie?”
All of his progress would be undone in a single meal.
Peter passed out on the treadmill.
I hope everyone is having a good week and this update makes it even just a little bit better. Stay tuned; I finally did some outlining and things are building up, I promise. These poor boys are gonna suffer.
Tony rolled his eyes and Steve laughed. Jarvis, despite being an extension of Tony’s imagination, was missing some programming when it came to understanding the mood of a room. “Yes, Jarvis?”
Peter shrugged. “Poor parenting.”
Peter hissed in pain and finally let his back smack into the carpet.
It was as exhausting as it was exhilarating.
“Alright, give me some space.”
Using his hand to wipe the condensation off the mirror, Peter dared to look up and took his body in.
Once Steve and Peter were awake…
Confirm what Tony already knew but refused to believe.
“Got any you would recommend?” Clint murmured.
Gently holding onto Peter’s bicep, Bruce steered them toward a spot hidden from view by a wall mounted with all sorts of knives and guns.
“Give me a minute, okay?” Peter gently pried Steve’s hands from his shoulders and dropped his face between his knees. “I’ll be fine.”
Peter shook his head and picked at the sticky paste left behind, letting the glue under his fingernails distract him.
Peter had been shaky and cold since he saw Tony standing in the kitchen. Now, he felt a full body tremor building at the base of his spine. “Wh-what are you talking about?”
His spine was bruised from the sit ups and his eyes sallow and sunken from a sleepless night. His stomach heard the cue to throb and curled in on itself.
“Okay.”
Tony and Clint were fighting over the lone everything bagel as Nat sidled up beside Steve. He didn’t even realize she’d crossed the room until her shoulder came to rest against his arm.
“Peter, what’s…” Tony jumped to his feet and came over to the other side of the table, knelt at Peter’s side and palmed the back of his head. Peter’s face was in his hands so he didn’t have to look his dads’ in the eyes. “What’s going on? Talk to us.”
“Monkey,” Tony started, his voice catching as he coughed to clear his throat. “There’s no way out of this.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Guys. On a mission. Hash this out with your couple’s therapist.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “What is it?”
Steve startled a bit. “Tony, it’s okay, we can-”
Steve gasped and it was so perfectly authentic Tony had to laugh. “I am not!”
“Steve.” Tony walked over, stopping only a few inches away. “Why aren’t you in bed?”
As always, thanks for reading and content warnings are at the end of the chapter!
That was hard.
Peter curled in on himself and scrunched his eyes tight.
“I don’t know, Steve. But I’m going to be honest with you.” Tony pushed back from the table and began searching for his jacket. “It scares the hell out of me.”
Before heading back to their poker game, Tony shakily typed out a text to Steve and hit send. It might have been kind of alarmist but he wouldn’t be able to focus on the mission if he didn’t send it.
Tony shrugged. “It worked.”
“You are making a face,” Clint reported.
. “Nothing, I’m just jumpy.”
“Uh, you kinda do.” Tony was exaggerating (sort of) but Steve’s love for cleanliness might just get him out of bed. Tony took an exaggerated sniff. “I’m getting a whiff of spoiled milk, sweat, that weird fungus people get right on their-”
Peter wanted to die on the spot.
Steve nodded, pulled the hood of his coat up around Peter’s ears. It was going to get blood on it, but that was fine. Steve could buy another coat.
But he also had to take care of Peter.
(See the end of the chapter for
The whole thing reminded him too much of the cave medicine of Afghanistan. Watching soldiers wander in with fresh bullet wounds or shrapnel marring their skin.
“Peter, you know I wouldn’t be going unless I had no choice. It’s about the last mission.”
franchise. “Just resting my eyes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is pizza okay?” Steve held up two menus, one in each hand. “We can order from that Italian place your dad likes so much. Or that hole in the wall down the block. You pick.”
Peter didn’t say anything to that. In fact, he was a little disturbed.
“So now that we’ve established which one of you knuckleheads will support Spider-Man in his academic endeavors,” Fury interrupted, “Can we get back to the issue at hand? Obviously, we need to monitor the status of the tower and make sure Beckham hasn’t found any way to access Stark’s tech in our absence.”
Tony wanted to climb in beside Steve, to pillow Steve’s head on his chest and talk in hushed tones until his voice lulled Steve to sleep. He wanted to be there for him. To throw a lifeline and drag Steve back from his mental timeline to the one they currently, physically lived in.
Peter’s stomach growled, the cramping becoming painful. Peter played it up, hoping to get Ned out of bed. “C’mon, Ned. Don’t you want lunch with Iron Man?”
Tony shrugged and Steve adjusted his grip on Tony’s suit.
“I don’t know what I can do to help you, if there is anything I can do. But if you want, I can stay right here. I can hold you. Tell you stories of my MIT days that’ll make you blush. I’m here for you, Steve. I’m right here.”
“Oh. Right.” Peter looked down at the grilled cheese and soup for a second. “Honestly, I feel kind of nauseous.”
A hand came to rest on Peter’s chest and since both of his dads could hover with the best of them, he didn’t even know whose hand it was.
Peter sighed in relief. Even though he would rather eat thumb tacks than have this talk with his dads, he couldn’t help the stress leaving his body at the sound of Steve’s voice. He sounded normal.
Steve wouldn’t look Peter’s way at all. “Any updates, Jarvis?”
Tony snapped his fingers. “Jarvis, send all the suit prototypes and anything that isn’t my personal bright and shiny ride into the safe. Pronto.”
“I-” His voice was little more than a murmur as Tony helped him sit up and pulled him into his arms, fingers massaging the back of his neck. “I’m sorry, I-I-”
“A weapon,” the agent said. “That’s all we know. Some sort of weapon being produced in the same lab as the serum.”
Peter could feel the lump sitting above his belly button. The damn food baby.
Steve dropped his jaw against his fist. “How much of your father’s fortune can I gamble on him not coming back for at least a few hours?”
His dads could be hurt. It was hard but it could be done.
With that, Brandon flipped two switches on the wall, causing two steel doors to drop down into the previously open doorways. The doors clicked into place with a paired
“Tony, we’re married. Enough with the constant accusations!” Steve had a miraculously similar stain on his own shirt, slightly lower, almost like-
Peter jumped up like he had been electrocuted and made it to the elevator before either one of them could stop him.
Peter sighed. “All of it, Pops. Every last penny.”
Tony fought off the tide of panic building at the edges of his vision. Now was not the time. He could cry and rage about it when he was back in the tower, warm and safe, with Steve there to catch the priceless relics he threw at the walls.
Fury shrugged. “The chances of anyone getting onto this floor are minimal. It’s a bunker. Plus, Stark’s tech is locked away and the quinjet isn’t here. Being sitting ducks is the best possible way to make sure they don’t get anything else from us.”
“C’mon, kid,” Tony said, unceremoniously dropping a kiss in his hair. “Let’s- wait.” Tony gripped the side of Peter’s head and leaned down, sniffing his hair. “Peter. Is that
Tony pressed a button and his suit’s faceplate locked back into place. “Tell me something happy, Jarvis.”
“Oh, fuck me.”
Even though it pained him, Tony stood and went to his son, pulling him in close.
“Jarvis?”
What had Steve done wrong?
Steve might not be the parent Peter wanted right now, but he was the one Peter had and he was going to be there for his son.
“Hold it right there, Spangles.” Tony sat back down beside Steve, lacing their fingers together with one hand and clasping his husband’s forearm with the other. “No apologies. Not about this, not ever. This is superhero stuff, okay? It comes with the territory. It comes with all of the amazing things you have done for the world. Just let me be here with you.”
Steve held his hands up, the sauce smear all over the front of his shirt the only thing Peter could focus on. “Peter, we were just-”
Tony sat down in one of the recliners, letting Steve and Peter settle on the couch directly across from him. Selfishly, he wished Steve was sitting at his side. He would have loved to hold Steve’s hand during this.
Nat sheathed her knives. “Ask Jarvis.”
That would explain how Peter got in.
During dinner, food was revolting. Calorie laden sludge he would not push past his lips.
Tony scoffed. “I have too! When we first adopted you, Pops and I fell asleep minutes after putting you to bed.”
“Bingo.”
“I’m sorry,” said Peter, right as the elevator doors began to close around him.
“I-I need to shower first.” Ned leapt out of the bed, finger combing his non-existent hair. He was fanboying. So. Hard. “I can’t see Iron Man like this!”
Tony guffawed. “It’s all the doctorates. Doctors make the worst patients, you know.”
“How long were you running for?” Steve asked, examining Peter’s arms and legs for bruises.
Steve wasn’t worried about them finding Peter. Not at all. He was much more worried about what he and Tony would do, would say, when they did find him.
He sent up a prayer and cracked a smelling salt.
Tony gave Happy a look. “Clearly, my son does.”
(See the end of the chapter for
We learned how to make sure he did that when he was a toddler! We’ll be contacted for celebrity guest staring on
Steve was looking at the wall. If he looked at either Tony or Peter, he wouldn’t be able to stop whatever emotion he was stoppering up. Tony always made fun of his Boomer emotion coping mechanisms, but they were coming in clutch right now.
The black spots started to dance again. He had seen them a few times in the last hour, every visit lasting longer than the one before it, but they were harmless. Just weakness and donuts leaving the body, right?
Peter’s eyes bugged out. “Seriously?”
Tony waited for the elevator doors to close again and hit the button for the lockdown floor.
Carefully, Steve sat him up and propped his head on his shoulder, hugging him tight to his chest.
“Fury.” The sound of his name alone made Tony’s blood boil. “I would say it’s great to see you but Cap’s morals are rubbing off on me and I’ve stopped lying.”
Tony pried off the cover and plugged his suit into the wiring underneath the keypad. The tech was basic and unprotected. He’d hacked it within seconds.
Y'all, I have had the wildest last two weeks of my life. My best friend and her boyfriend caught COVID so I've been in quarantine since last weekend. I wish I had used all my time spent cooped up to write or read, but honestly, it was hard enough to find the energy to do homework and attend Zoom classes.
“Oh, nothing much. Just some blood and tissue samples.”
Tony’s fingers twitched.
The day started with Peter not eating and now some psycho was walking around with a hack job skin biopsy from the side of Peter’s neck.
Tony dropped his tools and splayed his hands on either side of the mess, taking a deep breath before looking Steve’s way. “Tell me I’m wrong then.”
It felt weird and wrong to take a nap in the back of a classroom, but his legs wouldn’t make it all the way back to the tower. His eyes and head weren’t correct either. So he pillowed his head on his arm, curled up facing the wall, and closed his eyes.
They still hadn’t seen Steve.
Crashing footsteps announced Tony’s entrance before his aggressive swearing started up. “Kid, I would say something about you flying across the room like Spider-Man, but, well-”
Brandon. Now Steve knew for sure this was the tech guy.
A nagging voice edged its way into Steve’s mind, whispering
Tony’s heart was racing a mile a minute. It hadn’t been bad like this for months. Especially not after a mission. Tony’s chest felt like it was cracking under the pressure. He didn’t want this for Steve. Didn’t want him to live through whatever his mind was playing through.
Originally, he was going to wash his face and get back in bed like that. But after a glance at his sweaty torso and the small rivulet of sweat trickling from his navel down his inner thigh, Peter realized he needed a real shower.
Peter startled and his eyes went wide for a moment before he smiled goofily. “Oh, yeah, sorry. Sometimes I start talking-”
“And you’re oh so smelly.” Steve would’ve thrown something at Tony again but Tony caught Steve’s face between his palms and was kissing him before Steve could knot his fingers around the edge of another pillow. “Now, c’mon. The shower has room for two and we have at least two more hours before the wild monkey returns.”
Thanks for reading and reviewing,
He wanted to become a new, stronger Peter
“Right now, Peter, your body is starving. Cells are dying and not getting replaced because you haven’t been giving your body the fuel it needs. If you keep going like this- eating so little and over exercising and not sleeping- your body is going to shut down. Do you understand that?”
His head felt a bit too light while he was struggling into the suit. Standing on one foot made him dizzy enough that he had to sit on the edge of his bed while tugging the fabric up his calves.
The horrifying reality that Tony had caught Peter with his fist down his own throat only a few hours earlier.
But there wasn’t a sign of Wheaton or Beckham anywhere.
Enjoy all the pain I put our little supe family in! The next chapter will be even worse. :)
His palms were clammy and his heart was racing. Steve usually came out of the episodes by now. This was supposed to be the part of the process where Steve was tired, and still a bit shell shocked, but smiling and sitting up. Not a blob under the blankets, unable to do more than blink and nod.
There was no way he could eat that and not- not…
Back at the couch, Ned heard what happened and grimaced.
Peter spluttered, “But Dad-”
Peter was moody the rest of the way back to the tower, arms crossed and eyes down. Neither parent tried to talk to him.
Steve checked his current work. He had put two jackets, two pairs of socks, and a ski cap on Peter. And draped a blanket over all of it. “Is that enough, or should I-”
Steve’s head settled into the groove between Tony’s neck and shoulder and Tony let his cheek fall against Steve’s hair.
Steve thumbed at a spot of sauce on his hand before lifting it to his mouth and licking it off. “At least the sauce tastes good. Want to try it?”
Jarvis.”
“Tony!”
Too easy.
He slipped into their bedroom again, this time leaving the door open so a sliver of light shone across the bed.
Because as long as they were comforting him, they weren’t trying to make him eat.
Steve’s eyebrows shot up before he chuckled. “Oh. Right. I’ll change first.”
“Stop!” Peter hissed, his legs pumping harder with the adrenaline rush. “Stop. I’m… fine. Tired. Fine.”
“Probably not,” Tony said.
“Are you okay, monkey?” Tony pulled back and raked his eyes over Peter, as if he could see through the suit. “Also, thanks for saving my life. That was a nice touch.”
“Steve, go take a nap. You’re making me tired and I’m not even looking at you.”
Steve’s mouth curled into a smile, almost feline. “Guess you have to teach me a lesson.”
Most of the time, it was amazing having Iron Man and Captain America as fathers. Tony was one of the brightest minds on the planet. Steve was one of the bravest men alive. Together, they were terrific parents and Peter loved them wholeheartedly.
Steve wasn’t comforted by that at all but he tried to calm down. Peter was a teenage superhero. Not a missing toddler. He could handle the streets of New York for the duration of his temper tantrum.
Steve changed right there, in the middle of the kitchen.
But Peter was weird, so Tony shrugged it off, glad he wasn’t playing with C4 in the living room or something like that.  “No, it’s fine. Let him know I’m in the living room if he needs anything. Steve should still be sleeping in the lab so make sure Peter stays out of there.”
“I’ll give you two some space,” Steve whispered just loud enough for Tony to hear.
Thanks for reading!
Peter was leaning over the kitchen sink with what looked like his whole fist down his throat. When he saw Tony and Steve, he immediately pulled his hand free and pretended to cough into his fist.
Nat had pushed Steve’s cowl off, leaving his face and cornsilk hair bare in the harsh light. He looked young. And pale. Too pale.
It was over an hour before Steve woke up.
“Why do you think I told you?” Tony’s hands were shaking again so he tucked them into his armpits. “Bruce, you’re better with the biochemistry and human body stuff than I am. He needs to eat something soon, right? He can’t live like this much longer.”
Nat had
The idea of old Peter was all it took for Peter’s throat to close. Coughing, he recapped the bottle and set it on the ground.
Another scream pierced the air, and this time, Steve paused, tried to pinpoint which end of the hall it was echoing down from. His heart was thundering against his ribs and his fingertips had gone numb.
“Peter.” Steve held a hand up and waved it in front of his face. “Did you hear me?”
Thirty seconds later, Tony knocked the door in.
Peter grimaced. Neither. He wanted neither. “Uh, the hole in the wall.” Smaller slices.
Steve just sat there, eyes focused on a point none of them could see. Tony could tell he was listening so he took Steve’s hand in his own and squeezed.
Steve shivered again. “Are there- are there any spare clothes on this thing?”
No one knew what to say.
Peter hated it. It made him want to crawl out of his skin.
“Let’s get him home, Tony.”
They might actually freak and take him to Uncle Bruce if that happened.
“Tony! I found something. It’s some sort of keypad…”
“Grades,” Tony offered too quickly.
“Hey, kid.”
Peter gulped. ‘Aunt’ Nat and ‘Uncle’ Clint had both come to his last science fair over the summer and it was an experience he wasn’t necessarily sure he wanted to go through again. They were a little too enthusiastic about the miniature jet engines he designed and their questions about selling the blueprints to the CIA did not go unnoticed by the teachers on the judging panel.
“We might need to talk to him later,” Tony said.
Steve and Peter were not burdens. He was just too weak to carry them right now.
Steve cocked an eyebrow. “Where are you going?”
Tony sank down beside him, and after making sure his palm and fingers were warm, carefully placed his hands on the sides of Steve’s face. Steve’s skin was cold to the touch.
Tony was waiting in the kitchen when Peter came out of his room for a glass of water.
Tony didn’t want to know what they wanted with the super serum, with Steve, but he couldn’t focus on it right now. Not with Steve cold and deathly pale beneath his hands. “Let’s get out of here. S.H.I.E.L.D. deal with the rest.”
It wasn’t surprising. Tony figured it would only be half the bottle or so before Peter refused to go on.
Steve was at his side, hands on his son’s face, before Peter could try and pull himself up again.
Peter eyed Tony anxiously, fidgeting with his fingers inside the pocket as he stood an arms width from the kitchen table. “Dad, I’m sorry. About earlier. I shouldn’t have- you know. I shouldn’t have left.”
Steve grimaced but nodded along.
Back at the tower, Peter was quick to tell everyone he needed to clean his ‘grimy, street child’ body before their chat. With a pointed look at Tony, he ran off to the bathroom.
And maybe Peter was crazy.
Suddenly, Nat was in front of him, her shadow triggering his sense more than her light steps.
Even in their dire situation, Tony felt elation ripple through his chest. He had made Natasha fucking Romanov
For the umpteenth time this week, Peter passed out.
Tonight, it wasn’t enough.
“C’mon, Tones, c’mon.”
He wedged the fleshy bit of his palm between his teeth before he could sob verbally. Tears threatened to drip down his cheeks.
Tony’s hands squeezed back.
Because his stomach also felt smaller. Not by much, but by enough that he wanted to jump up and celebrate.
This was it.
Tony shrugged, locking his arms over his knees. “Nothing. Just thinking. Worrying about your Pops.”
“No, I didn’t mean-”
“Not what I meant, Jarvis. What do you need?”
When they got to Queens, both heroes were on their feet before the bus sidled the curb.
So he cried a bit harder.
