“My Tony!” She cried in pure and unabashed joy as she then peppered his face with kisses. “My son! You’re alive!”
Loki’s sleek black hair was frayed from him running his fingers through it too often and his gold jewelry had all been taken off. He looked more haggard and worn than Tony had ever seen him in his life.
“The right thing.” Steve stated with determination. “The court may not believe Tony’s word but they’ll believe ours.”
Tony, however, was lost in his mind at seeing Howards face. “It’s not ok! It’s NOT!”
“You know I have storms to sheperd above and other responsibilities that keep me away.”
“Save it, I’m going back. I just have to wait a bit.” Tony explained as he went to grab his furs.
Howard then shuffled the conversation back to reclaiming Peggy’s life. They decided that tomorrow Steve and Bucky would go to Hel to try and get Peggy’s soul back. Howard had argued the blonde should go alone but Bucky was not going to let Steve traverse the underworld alone.
“So why’d he kiss you on the cheek goodbye?”
In response Loki sent out another icicle and Tony sighed dramatically.
“You really should thank Tony. I’m sorry to say we believed General Ross and came here under his false information.”
“Loki!” Tony breathed, shocked at seeing the god not only casually relaxing at his place but also the fact that he was pale and not blue and angry. “What are you doing here?”
“Steve I was kidding!” Clint yelled, being the first to recover.
Loki’s appearance was different from the shrines depiction of him, but not by much. He was tall, over 6 feet for sure, not counting his horns. The shrine depiction got that correct. Loki had two large horns sprouting from his head, that curved slightly at the end. However he wasn’t blue and didn’t have red eyes; instead he was very pale and had jade green eyes. He wore a black linen floor length skirt that split open at the sides and complimented his long black hair. He also had a ton of gold dangled over his hips, neck, and around his horns.
After his declaration Thor stayed for some basic introductions, made sure all the mortals were taken care of, then bid farewell with a promise to return and check on their progress.
“I’m telling you I may get a month off with the way Loki was acting.” Tony exclaimed from his place on Rhodey’s back.
“Would you like to come with us?” Steve asked offering Tony his hand. Neither men noticed but Bucky had stopped in his tracks at the offer and gave Steve a comically angry glare.
“What are
“It makes the most sense.” The blonde explained, “Tony is the only one who knows all the specifics about Jörmungandr, so he has to be there to brief Thor.”  Then he gestured to himself. “And I’m no help in a fight like this.” The blonde let a moment of self pity settle over his face before quickly wiping it away and going back to explaining his plan.
“No!” All three shouted immediately.
“The Casket of the Jotunns.”
“They gain a bit of immortality.”  Erksine answered with a wry smile. “I am not fully immortal but my lifespan is,” He let out a small chuckle “much much longer than the average mortal.”
Finally they got Jörmungandr to the waterfront. Jörmungandr looked victorious as he grew to a massive size and loomed over the Avengers. That’s when Thor made his presence known by letting a series of massive thunder claps and lightning strikes out near the creature.
“Are you sure that’s a smart idea?” Natasha questioned.
“How’d you get tangled up with that guy?” He gestured to the down centaur.
“Thank you Jarvis!” Tony snapped.
“...What?” Clint finally voiced the question on everyone’s mind.
As soon as Amora was electrocuted everyone was free of her control.
(See the end of the chapter for
To escape the chaos Tony climbed up to where Amora and Loki were and then quickly looked back towards Steve and his friends as they danced around the monster.
“No.”
However, suddenly Thor jolted as he felt a beseechment. The blonde held up a hand to stop his parents from talking. Which got a confused look from his mother and a furious one from his father (probably for daring to tell him what to do).
“I’m not surprised.” He said to Steve’s first statement. “You believe in the good of others too much.”
“I’ll ask again since you haven't answered,” Tony said in a loud -but not as loud as before- voice. “but will you
Amora went ramrod straight and gave the mortal a glare that was pure malice.
“Can’t help it. When you’ve got it, flaunt it.” The man named Clint replied causing the woman to roll her eyes.
Tony slumped to the floor in a daze.
“What?” Tony bit out.
6. I was going to write out the whole court ordeal and shit but cut it as it didn't add to the point and just seemed like a waste. But if you're interested in how Tony managed to finagle a royal court into dumping their king let me know.
This was his job. He was about to get exactly what he first came here for. He had been watching the Avengers, categorizing and documenting how they fight, what makes them unique, and trying to come up with weaknesses this whole time. Now he was getting one, Steve’s, handed to him. And he didn’t want it...?
“Losing your touch at seducing the monsters?” Amora chuckled, seeming to just appear in the room.
The crowd of people who had leapt out of the way of the disappearing heroes, quickly ran after them, along with the guards the group had robbed.
“He disappeared after the Hydra battle. And I didn’t see him after any of the other attacks. And did any of you spot him during our MANY public tours or walks through the city? Because I didn’t!” Bucky explained counting off the oddities on his fingers.
“What?” Rhodey asked hovering anxiously near the shaken kid.
“Stop, just stop.” Sam whispered as he grabbed the blonde’s arm.
“Why do I have to move?! Why is everyone asking when I’m going to move?! Why can’t we just TAKE! THINGS! SLOW!”
They had gone out to a restaurant for some food but some fans had spotted Steve and tried to corner him. Tony had once again found a way for them to escape before they were overrun. They then stopped at a few clothing stands and created a makeshift disguise for Steve.
“Yes.” Howard then stood up and grabbed Tony’s hand, then walked them towards where the map said to go. “When in the underworld, do not speak unless spoken to or I tell you to. Do not wander from my side, and do not touch anything.”
“There’s nothing he could do, the deal with your father is binding. But he would never let me hear the end of it.” Loki had explained. “And if you think ruining my relationship will make life easier for you. You are mistaken!”  He threatened. “If Thor finds out about you then I can promise your eternity here in Hel will be comprised of me thinking up new torturous punishments for you. Am I understood?”
Thor was just flying back to New Thebes City after finally scaring Jörmungandr away, when he noticed Amora was standing in a circle surrounded by his friends.
It wasn’t fair! He wasn’t supposed to be like this. He wasn’t egotistical and pompous. Instead Steve was humble and could only retell his adventures as if he was writing up a report. He was kind and sweet. He didn’t go out and flex so passerbys would fall to their knees. He instead tried to duck and hide so people didn’t notice him. He also drew art in his spare time. Because if the man didn’t already have “Perfect” stamped on him, throw in that he’s also an artist.
Thor had carried the humans out of Hel and back into the land of the living. However he hadn’t stopped there. He kept flying till they landed on an abandoned looking island. It was covered in wrecked statues and an ever moving mist. The mist seemed to part around Thor but otherwise kept moving, obscuring the mortals view of anything more than 3 feet in front of them.
“What did you say?”
“I take it you talked with him before?” Sam questioned.
“I know it has been some time my dear.” Loki growled at him. “But I come to beg a favor of you.” Thor bowed low, knowing that would get Loki to at least let him finish his request before throwing a tantrum. “A friend of mine -Tony Jarvis- has gone missing. My friends and I are concerned for his safety so I ask that you check Hel to see if he has...passed.” Thor rose to stand and found Loki just staring at him.
The blonde cupped Tony’s cheek and pulled the brunette's face towards his shoulder and clung to him. He then let sobs rack through his body as he clung to Tony’s lifeless form.
Thor let out a breath of frustration. “Could you look now and I will bring you the Casket later?”
Thor just rushed past Tony, into his house and made a beeline for the statue of Loki.
“We need to think of a plan.” Sam decided, closing his eyes to try and help recall what (if anything) Erskine had said about centaurs.
Tony meanwhile kept chuckling and shook his head. He then gave Amora a smug look. “Man, you don’t get it.” At Amora’s glare Tony let out another chuckle.
Steve kissed him and then they had moved to Tony’s bedroom.
“Sweety, you said yourself he rushed out of here with two mortals correct?” Amora questioned from her lounging position against one of the main entrance’s pillars.
After they both came, Thor hitched Loki up so his blue legs wrapped around his waist. Loki latched onto him but leaned his head back to glare at the blonde.
2. You know Howard’s an ass, I know it, even Loki knows it; but Steve and Bucky don’t. He’s always been kind to them so they wouldn't assume “oh you sold/killed your kid to get the magic map”. So they took what clues Howard gave them along with their own thoughts and came up with a scenario that makes the most logical sense to them.
“Looks like its fight.” Clint observed as the group readied their weapons.
“You doubt me?! You are the secret keeper!” Thor accused, waiting for the right moment to strike. “Secretly plotting my friend's downfall. Secretly keeping a child! Secretly plotting to rule!”
“How was training?” Steve asked changing the subject.
“Go fetch me that wooden mallet, then you can head home for the day.”
“Sorry! I’m really sorry about that!” Steve said as he carried Tony over towards the edge of the river.
However, the first time Thor visited during that year had been rather hilarious. They had been in Loki’s study. Tony was delivering some wine to Loki, who was trying to enjoy the minimum free time he had by reading about some various spells.
“We’re not leaving you.” Bucky said fiercely and glared at the dark skinned man.
“Howard stop!”
!” He then jabbed a finger at Steve. “And YOU! You break into my realm, into my home! Then you demand a deal from me!” Ice juted up near the small blonde. “I will end you!”
“What’s your line of work?” Natasha asked.
Loki got off Thor’s lap then magicked some clothes on himself. “I’m going to kill whoever beseeched me! I’ll be right back.”
“This sucks.” Clint muttered. “People are going to get hurt but…” He trailed off looking at Tony who glared at the Avengers and again shook his head ‘No’.
“No. I mean I have one but I’m not going to use it.”
Tony looked to the god then his Dad, who refused to meet his eyes.
They spent that whole day just being near each other. Howard was never home, always away with the soldiers and generals, helping design the next weapon that could give them the winning edge. So to be home, with his wife and child was a rarity. In fact when Tony had come in he hadn’t actually recognized the boy. Tony had grown so much, he was now 8 years old and desperate to try and help in whatever way he could.
“I closed the door then walked back to clean up, but stopped in my garden.” He began to walk towards the Avengers and Bucky lowered Sam’s sword. “And yeah I was talking to Loki” He threw an arm out and jabbed it at the statue’s direction. “The statue! I live alone here, so sometimes I talk to inanimate objects. I know I’m not the only person who does this. But whatever, throw a sword at me!” Tony made a show of splaying out his arms and gesturing to his chest. “And yes I was talking about Steve, since you’re
“...yes.”
After that they seemed to be better then every. They both discussed whether they should be public or not, and in the end they decided they would be public. If the magazines wanted to label it a “good friendship” they’d all laugh about it and if they got nasty, they’d be with each other and get through it together. Steve still pulled Tony from the lab but this time it wasn’t just whenever Steve thought it best for Tony to leave; but only after a time limit of 12 hours had passed and Tony had yet to sleep or emerge from his cave. Steve also cut down on his texting and calling but surprisingly, Tony increased his texts and calls. So they found a nice balance and managed to make their relationship work. The bickering stayed and some nights they left each other in anger, but they always came back to each other.
“What?!” Tony broke in, incredulous.
“This isn’t comfortable.” Tony grunted “So yes!” He grunted again as he strained to get free from Ty’s grip. “But I can handle it!” He finished throwing Steve a smile “Have a nice day.” He dismissed.
“We’ll continue to protect you and learn how to be true hero’s as payment.” Clint beamed.
They were at their weekly meet up and surprisingly everyone (minus Jan) had been able to make it. Pepper just finished talking about an art gala Tony and her had to attend then she turned to Happy and asked if he would be her plus one. Happy had agreed and Steve looked at Tony expectantly but Tony hadn’t said anything.
However, she also took it upon herself to do a few other things in Hel. For one, anytime Thor had come down, she had become the unofficial welcommer. She always wore her most revealing outfits, and sometimes her own magically made lingerie. She would try and direct Thor to her own chambers but then Loki would appear and take the blonde back to his.
“Fr-free Tony.” Steve tried to demand sternly but it came out weak.
“Yeah.”
“But you can’t.” Tony tried to shrug but with his restrained arms it was difficult. “Again, not that powerful.” He said as if he was stating a fact.
“And everyone believes Thor!” Loki almost sung the sentence. “You know he may play the lovable fool but he does know trickery and mischief. I have known him my entire life! He can lie and smile while doing so!” The god ranted, a tint of blue creeping up his arms. He then took a few deep breaths and calmed himself so the blue receded. “But I did not teach you that. I did not think I needed to. For that, I apologize.” Loki nodded his horned head.
“Are we sure it’s the same Tony?” Clint added jokingly giving Natasha and Bucky a light jab. “Brunette, suave, apparently only wears red chitons?”
“Steve….” He turned and locked eyes with his best friend. “Do you even remember why we’re doing this?” Steve’s eyebrows shot up as Bucky came at him with more questions. “Did you forget? Because when you’re around him you act like, like…” Steve’s face became stormy but Bucky wouldn’t back down. “Like your replacing her.”
Tony felt around the scar, it wasn’t painful to touch but it wasn’t pretty to look at. He glanced at Steve but the blonde was just radiating happiness at Tony being alive again.
“He responded that the Minotaur has been threatening his people of Crete. For now he’s managed to trap it in a labyrinth of sorts but the monster craves flesh.”
“A little?!” Loki yelled outraged.
Tony now lounged on one of the couches he dragged outside and let out a content sigh as he soaked up the sun.
“You don’t scare me, no matter what form you take. You’ve never scared me.” She whispered back then gave him a firm look “And next time you try to decide what’s best for me, DON’T.” Bruce ducked his head in guilt but nodded in agreement.
“I’m not surprised he didn’t tell you.” Loki answered, taking measured steps forward. “You wouldn’t tell someone they’re temporary to their face.” Tony raised an eyebrow but still looked guarded. Loki let his face drop into one devoid of emotion.
Tony then smiled and grabbed one of the arrows and lit it on fire with some flint he had brought with him. Fenrir visibly perked up and began yipping and jumping in excitement.
Now Tony and Steve had just finished walking up the steep cliffside walkway and approached the wooded area that obscured his home from view.
Tony let out a breath of excitement as he looked himself over. Then he let out a questioning sound as he saw an ugly looking scar on his chest. It was in the same spot Amora had blasted him.
“Sorry.”
The next day, Coulson arrived bright and early and had given the team a run down of everything that was planned for the day. When they told him about having Tony over he said he could fit that in tomorrow but they already had commitments for today. Then he asked Steve to give a detailed description of where Tony lived so he could go deliver the invitation for tomorrow.
“We’re not paying you!” Sam shot back, hands going towards his own weapons.
“Tony, would you please go out on a date with me?” Steve finished the question with a smile that tried to appear natural, but his body language was stiff and screamed nervous.
“Yeah. How do you get him to show up? Is there a signal or a call?”
Tony then picked himself off the door and gave it a hard look. ‘
“Yeah mine were a gift from a goddess. You think she’ll let you take them from me?!” Sam fired.
“I feel like all my energy just got sucked out of my body!” Clint groaned as he laid on the floor.
“Then we fight him.” Clint said, as if this was the obvious plan.
Erskine shook his head again. “The gods are wise and great beings, but they do not have the intimate knowledge of mortals. They only see us fleetingly, their judgement of our person is clouded.” The older man turned towards the horizon, “The gods have brought people for me to train before. And dutifully I trained them. I later regretted giving them that training as they used it to wreak havoc upon their worlds.” The older man took a deep calming breath “I will not train you till I know your intentions, till I know you.”
Natasha finally got her bearings again and put herself up front. Before she could formulate a plan or Fenrir could attack, a flaming arrow flew over everyone's head.
“It’s not my wish. I do not care. Hel is the one with the rules. This realm is older than I and far older than you and it has rules that must be followed. Your soul has died and in me granting you life again someone must take your place as your “death”.”
“You sure?” Tony asked pulling away to meet the blonde’s eyes.
“I’m sorry,” Bruce whispered as they parted. “I thought I was protecting you.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Bucky asked, hurt clear in his tone. “I could have been there for you. I miss her too, we could have worked through things together.”
“Fine.” She breathed out, then turned to the three friends. “Can we accompany you?”
“Is not cleaning your home some form of rebellion from all the times I made you clean?” Loki  asked then gave Tony a teasing smile. “Rhodey will not be pleased once he moves in here.” Tony laughed.
With that Pepper walked towards the Helm. Happy quickly opened the door for the shade and she smiled as she walked past him. Happy then gestured for the Avengers to follow, which they did.
“Defend the little guys?”
Happy gave a wave from his seat. “I’m known as Happy. I drive the Ferry here. We have a few other drivers but I maneuver this baby the best.” Happy lovingly patted the wheel.
“Well anyway, I think I should get closer to all you guys.” Tony extended his arms to the three. “You obviously are all really close so,” He shrugged. “I think us all hanging out and getting to know each other is the best next step.” This was met with a long silent pause. “Or...not?” Tony added in an unsure tone as he seemed to sink into himself.
Eventually, Steve was beckoned over by Tony. Tony explained how Steve helped get him out of Hel and was also his boyfriend. That got Steve pulled into a Maria Stark embrace.
“Some wanna-be-heros were in the Monster Bog so I have to wait till their gone or dead, you know, the usual.” Tony shrugged and Loki nodded in affirmation.
Tony began rambling about the game they created and Rhodey couldn’t help but notice Tony’s smile and Steve’s reciprocating one. Tony also seemed to really just be looking at the blonde. Also, while the other Avengers seemed to zone in and out, Steve paid attention throughout Tony’s entire rambling. He even asked some questions.
Loki then stomped over to the entrance of his Throne Room. He let out a green ball of light and whispered his snake’s name into it. The ball then took off to go retrieve Jörmungandr.
“He’s a human, for the most part.” He jumped back into his story, “They were dating but her dad doesn’t like him. So he kept labelling Bruce as a monster and kept trying to keep him and Betty apart. Bruce ultimately bought what the jackass was selling and started seeing himself as just a monster and deliberately began to distance himself from Betty and then everyone. Hel the guy has harassed Bruce enough that he should be the one you guys hunt down and take care of, not Bruce. Bruce is just trying to live in his solitude that Ross helped impose on him.”
“Yeah.” Steve chuckled “Yeah but even after that. On the island I came to terms with some things. And I remembered her telling me not to carry anything but her ring. To not carry her death.” He let out another chuckle that held no trace of humor “And I decided to ignore it. I felt like I failed her, and so ignored her.” He glanced at Howard and Sam and shook his head. “I ignored her dying wish because I was too selfish.”
“Whoa!” He squacked as his limbs flailed.
“Actually I do.” Tony replied with another smug smile. He turned back to Steve and took up a more serious tone. “Bruce is a nice guy. He’s trying to cope with his curse and no amount of property damage can be worth his life.”
“The Avengers” was the name the group had ultimately decided upon. After much back and forth it had come down to either The Avengers or The Ultimates and they had decided on The Avengers.
“Thanks Sam, your a true friend.”
“Oh come on!” Tony groaned moving to sit up but Rhodey grabbed his shoulder.
A hoof nailed Steve in the chest and he went soaring back to the edge of the river. Steve immediately made to get up but had to grab his head as his world spun. Distantly he heard the centaur laughing.
2 months later the weekend of Jan’s fashion show arrived. Steve and a few friends flew there in Jan’s jet and the rest flew with Tony in his jet. When Steve and Tony first saw each other again at Jan and Hank’s place they were respectful and courteous. Steve tried not to let the fact that Tony had dark circles under his eyes which he had obviously tried to hide, get to him and Tony tried to ignore that Steve’s running shows that they had bought just before the break up, looked as if they were on their last leg.
Steve and Bucky then went to the breakfast table where the other Avengers were mostly gathered. Bruce and Betty had made everyone eggs and were just wrapping up when the two entered.
Tony didn’t push to go out to the land of the living again. He even started actively avoiding some shades as they couldn’t stop themselves from going on and on about what a hero Howard Stark was, how helpful and giving he was. It was as if the Howard Stark blockade that was on his life had been lifted and suddenly the man was inescapable. Shades talked of his giving nature, of how good a man he was. How he helped in the war and in rebuilding cities. Tony wanted to scream and did, often.
“Suddenly, I’m full of confidence.” Sam deadpanned and Bucky gave him a glare.
Thor had come to Steve Rogers. Thor, who was so sure Steve Rogers could become a True Hero. Who was so confident in Steve’s abilities, had come to him. He had intervened in his battle. This had confirmed it. Thor was most definitely sleeping with the accursed mortal Steve Rogers. And probably with the others as well, he had mentioned that Bucky mortal in their bed!
“Thank you Mr. Stark.” Steve wheezed after they put the lumbar down. He then shook his thin arms out to try and get the tingling feeling out of them.
I don’t regret any of my time here.” He finally caught Tony’s eyes and held them “You are not a burden Tones. You’re my friend and I can’t wait to travel the living world with you.” Tony smiled at that and Rhodey pulled him into a hug.
“Steve!” Bucky groaned.
“What the?!” Sam exclaimed.
Loki thought observing the group of 5 as they examined the fallen rocks.
“HEY!” Tony yelled and Rhodey flinched, covering his ears as Tony had yelled directly into them. “HEY! STOP! STOP!”
In the end, Tony was dressed in a two cloth chiton, with light blue as the base and gold as the accent cloth on the one half of his body. He also had a golden laurel placed on his head. Steve came out in a dark blue, almost black chiton, that had a yellow cloth tied around his hips and a yellow cape wrapped around his neck. He did not have a laurel on his head but instead had one of his swords strapped to his hip.
1. Howard’s not a great Dad, we know this from canon, and he’s not that close with Tony. So Howard picked Tony because he knew he wouldn’t be able to get over sacrificing Maria but he thought he may be able to eventually get over sacrificing Tony.
Once Loki had turned his back to him, Tony rolled his eyes and shook his head at the dramatics.
Tony had witnessed many of Loki’s tantrums over the years and mostly had grown immune to them. However even he couldn’t suppress his flinch at the intensity of that last blast.
“Lord-” Howard tried to interrupt but Loki sliced a hand through the air and green magic flew to the older mortals mouth, holding it shut. Tony gasped and Rhodes huffed and shuffled forward defensively.
He quickly and quietly ran towards his friends. His mind racing and pounding. His head was really hurting him now, both from what he just saw and the slight concussion.
“Great. I’ll check the sky’s, see if I can spot him.”
“Thanks Buck.” Steve deadpanned.
“You can salvage whatever you’re all talking about,
Tony raised an eyebrow at that but Steve just nodded and made to reach out to Tony but the brunette flinched back.
Tony had taken Loki’s suggestion to heart and went to the Field of Content Souls. At first Rhodey would accompany him, but then Tony grew more and more comfortable and thus waved off Rhodey’s babysitting. He learned countless things: languages, cultural outlooks, fighting styles, how to sing, and some trade secrets. Loki had been correct, a whole world of knowledge was at his feet and he itched to obtain as much as possible. He wanted to spend all his free time with the souls of the dead, asking them questions and learning what they had to teach.
“Go to your room.” Loki growled.
Sam shook his head but followed the fuming man.
Steve then told Bucky what he had previously only told Sam and Howard. He told Bucky all about his and Peggy’s last conversation, about how he ignored her last request, about the guilt he felt, and finally how he was able to embrace Peggy’s wish and request. He stopped carrying her death and only carried her ring.
“Greetings mortal!” Thor boomed, then grabbed Tony’s arm in greeting. “I am Thor, god of Thunder and Fertility.” He then gestured to the room behind him “Come! Let us partake in the food and wine we have out for your visit!”
Clint had been holding onto the base of the spikes at the top of the Hydra's head, but then he jumped as the monster tossed it’s head back. Which aligned him perfectly to shoot some arrows into the monsters mouth and in close enough range to make sure the arrows shot completely through. The arrows went clean through the side head and it too fell to the ground dead.
Natasha gave a brisk nod while Bucky’s mouth twisted into a frown but he eventually nodded as well.
, hurt you.”
“Well it’s getting late, I should probably return you before the Avengers come after me for kidnapping.” Tony joked and the blonde shook his head.
Bucky was unconscious after receiving the blow and his friends worried over him while a doctor from the town looked him over. The doctor later announced Bucky should be fine, he just suffered a small concussion and he needed rest.
“You’re clever but not that clever.” Tony said not even giving Minos words a thought. “You insulted Frigga! Queen of the gods! How do you think her children, you know Thor? Will react when you meet him?” King Minos’s face paled and Tony smirked. “And now your threatening his friends?!” Tony tutted. “Not a great move.”
“I’ll go through our contacts and see if they’ve spotted him. I’ll also check on the status of your rival heros in case they thought to kidnap him.” Phil said.
“Tony!” Thor gasped and Loki reprimanded.
“He has wings?!” Clint exclaimed as Natasha knocked one of the other guards off their horse.
Once the apple landed the redhead rushed at Steve, appearing to be going for his legs. However, Steve had seen this tactic. He had done it when he was skinny. He’d look to be going for the bigger guys legs but then attack their top half, it put them off balance and surprised them. Steve countered her fake-out rush and thus remained standing and unsurprised. Instead surprise flickered across the woman’s eyes before she tried another tactic.
“Anthony.” He gripped his son's shoulders, “We’re not heading to the military base. Instead we’re going to...get help to win the war.” He gave Tony’s shoulders a squeeze “in the underworld.”
Everyone’s attention swirled over towards where the voice was coming from. In the distance they could see the Ferry approaching and it seemed the voice was coming from there.
Loki snarled at her but she only offered a smirk in return.
“It’s almost been 2 years now!” Loki raged again. “I can’t believe him!”
“It’s a game I play with him.” Tony explained, not looking at them but continuing to get a few more arrows ready. “When Fenrir was a puppy he tried to eat the sun. Obviously he didn’t, but he’s kept his love for flaming balls of fire apparently. So I made it into a game. I launch fire arrows, he fetches them. You know?” Fenrir bounded back over and looked absolutely ecstatic that his tongue now sported a small burn mark. Tony fired another arrow. “It’s just playing fetch.” Tony shrugged but still couldn’t bring himself to actually look over at the group.
Heading the advice all the Avengers stayed where they were. They gathered their gear they had put down and prepared themselves for the worst. Perhaps Loki sent a monster to greet them. Perhaps this was a test of the Underworld. Or this could be a trick from Amora.
Natasha took the spot to his right.
“See?” Loki said as he approached the chained man. “I got you your freedom afterall.” Loki waved his hand and the chains and mist disappeared.
Steve honestly pondered that. He hadn’t thought that far ahead. His mind went from one plan to the next in order to get Peggy back. That’s all his mind focused on, get Peggy back. But after, what would he do as a True Hero afterwards?
“5 minutes.” Loki said, leaning back with the air of assured victory. “6 tops.”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“So Tony’s been living in Hel this entire time?” Steve pondered.
“I hope so.” Steve said quietly.
“Lord Loki please elaborate.” Jarvis jumped in.
““Why are you sleeping with Thor?” What would make you say that?” Steve asked in a genuinely curious tone while he cocked his head to the side.
“I slept with Bucky a few times when we first met.” Bucky face palmed and then hid his face in his hands. “And Clint and I have always had a very relaxed and open relationship regarding sex and feelings for each other.” Clint and Natasha then winked at each other.
“Are you feeling ill?” The blonde asked concerned.
Steve looked over Tony’s haze filled eyes and wet lips. “No!” He then surged forward and locked his lips against Tony’s again.
“I will not tolerate this! You cannot come into my country and attempt to deface me!”
1. Who could the people Bucky slept with be??? These side pairings were not in my original plan (FYI) but then they kinda appeared and I was like well alright then. You’re not the main focus but you can be in the background, sure.
“Don’t trust me?” Loki smirked and Thor just glared at him. “Nothing nefarious, I assure you. It’s to settle an argument about my form.” Loki waved his hand in dismissal. “Bring me back the Casket and I will let you know of the status of this Tony Jarvis.”
“.....Will I only be able to live till they die?”
He was also wrong about this.
“Perfect!” Steve cheered then turned to the other women and men lined up next to and behind himself. “Alright, again! Get in position and do some practice jabs on my mark.” Steve strode in front of the group and gave the signal and everyone began their practice.
“I know you don’t care about the details but I want to share what we’ve got planned out.”
“Just let me know if it’s too much and we can leave.” Steve reassured again and Tony gave him a teasing smile.
Tony’s breathing had become shallow and ragged. He clutched his chest but it didn’t seem to help. He tried to swallow, to breath, but couldn’t. His eyes became unfocused and he caved in on himself, falling to the ground.
“No they haven’t.” Tony corrected, “And Loki knows that. And he still wants them dead.”
Once in his chambers Tony went over to his tally wall and marked another 2 years to his freedom count.
“What can I say?” Tony teased also flopping down into a chair. “I enjoy the finer things in life.” He then gave Steve a salacious wink. Natasha and Sam burst out laughing at the blonde’s instant blush.
“Why? What happened?”
“But I missed her so much!” Steve said and Sam grabbed his shoulder in support.
“It’s my fault!” Clint cried back, dropping down by his friend. “I shouldn’t have distracted her from the duel.”
“Yes, this is the plan we’ll go with. We can start tomorrow.” Amora decided and folded her arms across her chest as Tony rocked on his heels.
“But Dad!” Tony whined while dramatically throwing himself over Rhodey’s back. Rhodey then broke out into full on laughter.
hurt him...at all! No biting, no nips, and no wrestling.” Fenrir nodded and Loki smiled then kissed the top of the wolf’s head. “There’s a good boy!”
“No Nat!” He cut her off. “That monster wants us and we’re running away from it to go
Everyone appeared shocked by that; Steve looked panicked and completely distraught. That sight made Amora giggle in happiness and she even clapped her hands in a show of joy. “That’s what I wanted. Devastation!” She smiled and then gave a ‘go on’ gesture.
“I want our future together to start now.” She had said and Steve broke into a huge grin. Then he gestured to the bag he had brought and pulled out an engagement ring he had for her. They laughed and then embraced each other to celebrate their engagement.
The gods mouth had dropped open in shock, and he looked at Bucky in audacity.
Tony watched Steve rebel against Amora’s control with all his might. He then flicked his gaze to Amora who was glaring death at the blonde. Tony then turned his head back and looked at the horizon. He could still see Thor scaring Jörmungandr away in the distance. He turned back towards Steve. He did a sweeping look at the Avengers, all of them focused on Amora and Steve.
“Take this off.”  He demanded as his hand already began trying to help shimmy the material off the blonde.
After the fight with the Hydra, the citizens of New Thebes City were in a frenzy of excitement. A huge celebration was thrown in Thor’s local temple. During the party the god introduced and congratulated his friends on their “glorious victory in battle”. The party lasted the entire night and even continued onto the next morning. No one had ever slain a Hydra before. And though Thor did provide some divine intervention, most of the crowd saw/heard that the 5 mortal heroes were the ones who had battled and defeated 3 heads of the beast.
Thor landed in Hel and immediately took off again for the Palace. Once there, he marched into the throne room and found Loki sitting on his throne, brooding. Amora was leaning on an armrest and appeared to have been talking to Loki, who barely paid her any attention. However once Amora saw him, she put on a flirty smile and tossed her hair over her shoulder.
“Tony!” Steve said, popping his face out from behind one of the pillars by the door.
Amora looked to Loki in victory but Loki wasn’t looking at her. Instead he stared pensively at the wall, playing with his fingers. Then Loki’s face smoothed out and he smiled as he steepled his hands together.
This wasn’t the first time a recruitment mission was interrupted by humans being in the Monster Bog. The first time Tony spotted Bruce he thought he was a guy trying to prove himself so he had left. However upon returning and seeing him so many times he finally confronted the man and asked him why he was there so often. Thus Tony learned Bruce’s story. Other times Tony had run into, heard, or saw people in the Bog trying to prove their worth or fill their contracts and thus had to leave and come back after they either left or perished.
“Your spiraling Punk, relax!” Bucky got in front of his friend and braced his shoulders. “Breathe with me! In! And out! In! And out!” Steve followed along and Bucky gave him a reassuring smile.
“Bruce?” Steve looked confused and Tony shook his head in disappointment.
“It’s a long story.” Steve hedged giving Tony a glance, Thor raised his eyebrows in confusion but quickly jumped over to his no longer missing friend.
Thebes City had lost it’s defending centaur during the war. Many believe the enemy snuck in and killed the great protector, but it was never confirmed. Either way it made the city an easier target for the enemy during the war. They hadn’t been able to destroy the entire city but it did take a heavy hit. However, with the help of Stark Company and the citizens of Thebes, the city was reborn and dubbed New Thebes City. However crime rate and problems never seemed to be in short supply. Therefore it was a perfect spot for them to build their hero reputation.
Bucky and Steve locked eyes. The Starks had lost a son.
“Tony.” Thor said breaking the silence that settled after Betty’s announcement.  “My love and body belongs to only one creature and that is Loki. I could not even fathom, nor stomach the thought of taking another to my bed.” Thor explained, his tone and eyes shining with sincerity and honesty.
Rhodes looked at Loki, Howard, and the now crying boy. “No.” He breathed, “No, no! You cannot allow this!”
“What’s your question?” A few voices replied.
Tony shook his head in the negative. “Fine, I’ll drop it. We’ll go with your plan Captain.” He stood up and continued talking as he made his way to the doorway. “Save Asterion, save Minos, and save face!”
Once inside his home Tony let out a pleased sound and began putzing around the house.
“I came to get Tony.” Steve added emphatically.
Bucky and Steve continued to gape at the wonder before them, and then it hit them. They looked at each other and then the older man.
“Tony, I’m sorry I embarrassed you, but you wouldn’t believe me.” The blonde tried but still received no answer. The blonde then glanced at the large villa and let out a defeated sigh.
“Friends?” Thor asked with concern as he looked them all over.
“Ok but we need to talk after all of this is settled.” Steve tried to catch Tony's eyes but the man kept his gaze resolutely forward to the altar.
“So it’s not a clear cut win/lose game.” Tony said with a flail of his hands.
“Do you?!” Steve retorted then grabbed the brunettes arm and pulled him closer to his friends so they could talk more quietly. “What are you doing here Tony? It’s dangerous!”
“Stark! Howard Stark! My Lord, my name is Howard Stark.” Howard quickly rushed out as he rose from his bow. “Please, as a shade you know I cannot lie, so believe the truth in my words. I cannot be dead, I need to go back.”
’ Tony looked up at Steve. ‘
Everyone looked up at him, including the aforementioned blonde. Clint let an excited smile break onto his face.
“Damn that mortal!” Loki cursed Steve, watching as the accursed mortal commanded his followers.
“I’ll trample you!” He laughed and Tony threw his friend a smile.
“You are correct Lord Loki.” At Loki’s noncommittal “hm” Howard desperately added “Lord Loki I must go back. We are so close to victory and I know I can help our side win that decisive victory!” Loki looked less than impressed so Howard fell to his knees and pressed his head to the floor. “Please my lord! I am needed! Without my genius we may lose and we cannot afford to do so! Too much is at stake! I will do anything!”
Loki waved his hand around the top of the Scepter of the Dead till the blades glowed green. He then stepped off his throne and walked towards Howard.
By this time all the Avengers had their weapons at the ready and had circled Betty and Phil, in order to keep them out of the direct line of fire.
“THAT’S THE WRONG WAY!”
2. Phil is of course the Avengers handler.
“No. No,” Tony shook his head in the negative. “I won’t be like him.”
Tony laughed a bit under his breath then gave Steve his full attention. “I know you don’t listen very well. I mean all evidence points to me having to repeat myself to get a point across but regardless,” he waved his hand in a playful manner and Steve rolled his eyes. “I hope you did listen to what I said about Bruce. He’s not a bad guy, and I hope you don’t hurt him.”
“Yes, but you’ll be living up there for...how long again?”
“Lighten up.” He chastised. “So Steve’s got a crush on the guy, it’s not a big deal.”
“You need to leave.” Loki cut in. The god stood up and turned away from Thor. “I am done for today. Leave!” He ordered.
Loki’s brow twitched and his mouth turned to a frown. “You mortals throw that word around too lightly.”
“Exact opposite.” Tony tugged on the cape to cover his chest a bit more. “He was too over eager to get with me.”
“Own a mirror?” Tony retorted, leaning back far enough to rake both hands down the blonde’s extremely fit chest. “What are you made out of?”
“I can.” Thor assured as he guided them back. “Though I assume we must have missed the ferry again, seeing as we keep wandering off.”
“Little shit.” Bucky teased. “You’re lucky I’m still willing to help you.” Bucky got up and went to get into a new, clean, outfit. “Plus I owe Tony an apology. A real one.”
They all had their weapons at the ready, just waiting to see the monster emerged from the fog as the whistling grew louder. Steve took a big inhale to steady his pre-battle nerves and glanced at his friends who nodded their heads.
“Howard Stark,” Loki began as he sat upon his throne. “You are an inventor. You have been creating new ways for your side to overtake your enemy. You died because an arrow hit your horse causing you to fall off the cliff side. Your soul is tied to your parents who are both deceased, a brother who has passed, a wife, and a son....You appear to keep your soul free from most ties. You don’t let people get close to you, do you?”
“No!” Everyone shot back.
“Excuse me?!” Tony exclaimed incredulous, his upper half leaning forward as if he needed to be closer to hear them correctly.
“Did he ever tell you why he was trying to become a True Hero? Did any of them?” Tony bit his lip. “Answer me!” Loki demanded.
“But-”
“Did any of you listen to me?! Jörmungandr can’t be hurt by weapons and you can’t pin him down. We need Thor.”
Tony was only human. He grabbed Steve’s face and pulled the blonde towards him. Eventually Tony’s back met the doorframe and the two began making out in earnest.
Bucky now had a teasing tone and Bruce coughed to hide a laugh. Tony meanwhile looked bewildered and confused. He did not know how to even begin handling this situation.
Tony’s eyebrows knit together in confusion then smoothed out in understanding, his mouth forming an ‘O’. He then looked away guiltily and Pepper walked in front of him to catch his vision.
“Thor and I did fly there.”
The next day everyone, sans Thor, woke up with a hangover. Needless to say they were not ready for the transformation till well into the day. During lunch Erskine explained his plan to Bucky and Thor. Bucky was concerned with Steve’s wellbeing and wasn’t completely on board with the idea. Steve ended up talking with him privately and when they came back he said he had made peace with Steve’s decision.
“Shit, man.” Clint cursed, bending at his knees. “I just got hit by like a wave of exhaustion.”
Thor released Steve’s shoulders slowly and gave Tony a perplexed look. “...Me?” then a look of horror dawned on his face. “I cannot kill Jörmungandr! Loki has loved him ever since we were children!”
“You going to be ok?” Bucky nodded his head towards Tony.
Peggy’s now bony fingers played with the engagement ring on her finger and Steve also fiddled with the one he had on his hand.
“He’s a hindrance. You should have gone with my plan, then we wouldn’t need to worry about him.” Amora continued. “Now we know they have someone who can tell them all our secrets and we can’t harm him.”
Everyone looked shocked at the move. Then they all realized with growing horror that none of them could move their bodies or talk. They were stuck, trapped, as if they had been dipped in tar.
And so Tony all but moved into the Avengers mansion. He still stayed at his place, but not nearly as often and rarely ever did he sleep alone.
Steve nodded in the affirmative and gave Sam a half hug.
“Twice.” The brunette teased, holding up two fingers and Steve smiled.
“I’ll drop it, we can change topics.”
Tony rubbed the place between his eyebrows and shook his head. He needed a vacation from this madness. “I’m sure Thor and Odin will love that.”
“Stay behind me.” Thor intoned as he took up the front. “I will keep you all protected should Loki try to do you harm.”
The Avengers tried to make their way out of the city but their pace was slow and the city was filled with fans. They kept getting swamped by people, however no one recognized Steve and he was often pushed out of the way by some overzealous fans.
going to
“Hi!” Tony ran up to the nearest person and greeted exuberantly. “I’m Tony! How’s your day going?”
Steve nodded once. “It was the right thing to do.”
Steve slumped to the floor in defeat and Bucky sat next to him and wrapped an arm around him.
Then suddenly Tony was there.
“Yes I did!” Tony beamed. “Already set her out to sea.”
“You said you’d do anything for Peggy.” Steve gave a serious nod and Howard continued. “Would you go to Hel for her?”
“You wouldn’t be the first.” Bruce let out a chuckle that had no humor.
Everyone snickered at that and Bucky glared and playfully punched his friend's arm.
A short time later, Steve realized he was in love with Tony.
“They could have covered their tracks! I don’t know! I just know that I failed to protect him! I should have been there! I failed! I failed!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve then turned to look at Betty and Phil. Phil looked ready to receive whatever orders Steve would give. However Betty kept glancing at Bruce, who gave her encouraging smiles. And she kept a firm grip on the man’s arm, as if holding him back from leaving.
The Avengers made sounds of protest and Steve turned his attention back to them.
“Thor won’t let you get away with this.” Phil spoke up. “Robbing his friends of their abilities forever won’t go unanswered.”
The next day, Bucky was feeling better, not 100%, but better. Steve was lying on the floor by his bed on top of a mountain of pillows he had dragged in from one of the common rooms. Steve made no signs of being awake but Bucky could tell the blonde was up.
Tony turned to glare at him but stumbled a bit at the sight of the god. Loki was pale skin and had green eyes. It had been so long since Loki wore his pale skin. And Loki had a teasing smirk on his face. The image stuttered something in Tony. He missed this. He missed Loki’s careless and mischievous attitude. It felt like it had been an age since he last saw it.
“I can’t accept this.” Steve tried pushing the scroll back but Howard shook his head.
“You’re going.” The god commanded.
“And Loki could formulate a battle plan exploiting the opposites of those qualities. Nice.” Rhodey complimented and Tony shrugged, in what he hoped came off as non-committal.
Tony’s eyes widened in fear and Rhodes could take no more.
Then Clint squinted into the foggy area just next to them. He moved further into the fog and glanced back at his friends who eyed him questioningly.
“What?” Both mortals breathed.
“A-Ah, no. I uh-” Steve stammered as Tony made his way over to him. Steve eventually coughed, stood up straighter and  tried to keep a calm composure. “H-how have you been?”
“He wasn’t sleeping with him!”
“Well…” Steve drawled self consciously. “There were a few moments where I felt like I stepped in a pitfall.”
Some time later the Avengers were invited to a statue unveiling. The Statue was of Howard Stark and would be placed near the harbor. Howard himself wouldn’t be in attendance as he was busy with some other business venture. Phil had instructed them all to be on their best behavior and to wear their best chitons (“I mean it Clint!”). Steve had invited Tony to the unveiling and the brunette had accepted.
They fought hand-to-hand for a period of time, till the woman eventually pulled out one of her hidden daggers. She wasn’t aiming anywhere vital but did try to cut and stab the blonde. However, she couldn’t land a hit as the blonde dodged or rebuffed her attacks with his shield. Finally she did a flip kick and sent Steve’s shield flying off to the side. Thinking she had the upper hand she continued to go at the blonde with her dagger and fists.
Upon walking back to Bucky and Thor they found both of them laughing uproariously. Bucky was clutching Thor’s shoulder  and leaning on his side, laughing. Thor was half bent, with tears in his eyes from laughing so hard.
“Stark! Is that you?!” A guard in a watch tower cried from above Howard.
“It’s brilliant! It’s the smartest thing Clint has ever said.” Tony beamed. “You grab the rope, it
Realising she was outmatched the witch then pulled out a rune stone and vanished. Though Clint managed to shoot her with a parting arrow as she disappeared.
And once more
“It took me weeks to get to this point. And now they’re not going to trust me, and I just reset any repertoire I had with Steve back to zero.” Tony flung out his hands in frustration. “What do you think?!”
“I’m still not convinced you actually do know him.” Natasha added under her breath but loud enough so that the trio heard her.
The next couple days passed similar to the first few, Bucky and Steve trained and Erskine watched. Though every now and then he would throw in some tips and correct their forms. About two months later, Steve’s muscles were beginning to be sculpted but he was in no way buff or even close to Bucky’s physique. Erskine was starting to train them, slowly. They did breathing exercises and mental training. They also all ate together and talked with each other more. Steve and Bucky would share stories from their lives and Erskine would share some from his.
“Bucky, bud.” Clint tried in a calm tone.
“It’s going to be ok Tony.” Sam said, then mimed taking deep breaths and encouraged Tony to copy him; which he did.
Steve hadn’t said or responded at all to Tony’s outburst. But now the blonde slowly and unsteadily pushed himself up so that he was kneeling. He then held his arms to his chest and his shield flew to him. He fumbled for a second then gripped it tight and used it to help lift himself so he could stand. He hadn’t and still didn’t look at Tony. Tony’s face became that of pain and shame again.
“Whoa Nat!” Sam whispered gesturing for her to drop her weapon.
Bucky thought in despair.
Bucky and Sam watched shell shocked as Steve ran full force at the centaur then jump up and aim a kick with both feet at the centaurs legs. What was the most shocking was the fact that the blonde’s brash actions worked. The centaur crumbled and flipped, involuntarily tossing Tony away as he rolled further into the river.
“I figured you’d respond that way.” He held up a hand as if inspecting his nails. “But I have a little leverage...you might want to know about.” Loki then waved his hand.
“...You have a point.” The blonde conceded and Bucky did a small bow.
“I thought this would be an easy recruitment. He turned you down? ”
on hold! I’ve been with you every step of the way!  I’ve known you your whole life! I know when you’re fancying someone…..but what about Peggy?!”
“They broke into my realm and my home, and interrupted us. They deserve nothing.” Loki stated coldly.
“You belong to me now Anthony.”
There were walking up to the Palace of Hel. The entry and pathway leading to the castle was covered in frost and closer to the Palace the frost turned into juts and icicles of ice. The temperature was lowering the closer and closer they got and from their viewpoint they could see the Throne Room was covered from the ceiling to the floor in ice.
“Yeah that might have helped.” Bucky teased and huffed a laugh.
1. Way back when (in the 7+ yrs of thinking this plot through) I had planned to write a Howard reunion as well but after thinking about it, I decided nope! I couldn’t figure out the right reactions and also F Howard, he doesn’t deserve a reunion.
Steve ran up to the altar and knelt next to the brunette.
They had already discussed this, hence why Bucky and Steve had made sure to enter first and move Maria over to a more secluded area.
Bucky thought incredulously as he looked the struggling brunette over.  He turned to Sam who also raised a skeptical eyebrow and then to Steve. The blonde was acting all flustered and now was taking off his cape.
“Come on!” Bucky yelled in outrage. He shot up and went over to Thor, who held his arms up in surrender. “Steve is the best hero of us! He puts his life on the line everytime we face down a monster. He is the one in the front! What more does he need to prove?!”
However, Thor could only take so much of Odin’s derogatory statements before his temper got the better of him. And so Odin and him began screaming at each other. And then Frigga joined in and looked ready to settle things when Thor threw in the needling comment.
And as the years went by Tony’s list of responsibilities grew and so his free time shrank. He began to really look forward to Thor’s announcements for his visits because then he had at least some time off.
Looking up he saw Bucky and Sam gesturing to their hips? They were also asking him something or maybe just talking to him but he couldn’t make it out with his head still throbbing. However they kept gesturing to their hips. Steve then glanced back at the centaur who was back to harassing the brunette. He then looked at the horse legs and put together what Sam and Bucky were trying to say. He gave them a thumbs up and then rushed at the centaur.
“Exactly.” He answered and then Fenrir bounded into the Throne Room.
“Yeah, you’re right. We got this!”
“That giant you recruited was worthless!” Loki snarled at Tony who held his arms up in surrender but gave the god a glare.
Amora looked immensely pleased and smug while Tony openly gaped with the most horrified expression on his face. Loki meanwhile leaned back on his throne, the air of regality flowing over him again.
Rhodey studied him and shook his head. Yet he held his tongue. He could tell it was too late. Steve had somehow gotten under Tony’s skin. And that angered the centaur. That man had stolen Thor and thus turned Loki into a hostile porcupine. And if a god wasn’t enough he’s now taken Tony’s heart. But Tony’s heart was already damaged and never ruled over the brunettes head. Sometimes that thought drove Rhodey crazy, other times it makes him incredibly sad. Now, however, he was glad for it. Tony deserved a happy free life and to get that, he needed to use his head.
“Sure he does.” Tony muttered sarcastically but nodded. “I did suggest that before, but maybe now he’ll listen.”
“The only plausible answer is he lied and did sell his soul.”  Natasha deduced but her face gave away that she didn’t quite believe this.
“3 months, right?” Pepper answered and Tony nodded in confirmation
“Here comes our explanation.” Sam said as they all took in the scene.
“Though to your credit I was trying to flirt with you in the beginning.” Tony mocked gesturing to himself.
“...What is the plan here Loki?” Amora asked, she knew Loki would not help this human. She knew he wanted him dead as much as Amora did.
“I can’t even blame him.” Clint muttered under his breath.
Eventually the Avengers had to leave New Thebes City to go deal with a hero situation and Tony was glad for the break. The last date he had with Steve, and their tag along Clint. Tony had cut short. He just couldn’t take anymore of the showboating.
“S-sure.” Steve squeezed Tony’s hand. Someone urged Tony on, Natasha by the sound of it. Though all of the noise seemed be going distant to Steve’s ears. The feeling was tight.
“Bucky did see you.” Steve breathed but he had no inflection in his tone.
“What have I missed?” Thor asked as he walked into the room.
All the Avengers were still weak and on the ground. Yet, they all turned their gazes over to Tony and Loki. Tony looked back at all of them with apprehension, his shoulders tense.
“No he’s not.” The sheepish brunette let out a deep sigh “I owe you an apology, several actually.” Bucky then squared his shoulders and looked Tony right in the eyes. “I’m sorry. I took a lot of stuff out on you when I shouldn’t have. I blew small things out of proportion and made drama where there wasn’t any.” He threw out his arms, “I screwed up and I’m sorry. You didn’t deserve any of that and all I can do is apologize.”
“You were supposed to be free.” Happy sobbed.
“Keep the house and money.” Loki said looking at Tony.
“Yeah!” Steve smiled. “I bet that comes in handy with your job.”
“And you're absolutely right. I can’t take these things from you.” Loki made a sweeping gesture to all the Avengers. “But if you were listening you’ll remember I said,
Steve rolled his eyes then crouched and plucked a flower from the ground. Tony gave him a quizzical look but Steve just handed it off to him.
With Jan leading the friendship train, everyone was introduced and exchanged information. By the end of the night, both friend groups converged into one huge group.  They started meeting up every week, some nights not everyone could make it. Jan had dates with her boyfriend Hank, as did Rhodey with his girlfriend Carol. Bruce had nights he needed to be in his lab or with his girlfriend Betty. Sam and Bucky would sometimes opt out to go on their own dates. Even Thor had to miss events to be with his younger brother.
Tony glanced at the blondes extended hand with his eyebrows raised. Steve also glanced at his hand then immediately dropped it and began fumbling with his words again.
“Hm? Oh! Right!” Thor patted Bucky on the shoulder and now Bucky looked startled at a god touching him “My Loki’s beautiful blue form only appears when he is angry or upset. Once he calms he’s-”
“I will show you.” Thor smiled.
“Well well, look who’s now interfering in your personal AND work life.” Amora taunted and Loki threw a glare at her.
Bucky’s whole world stopped for just a moment at the mention of his best friend. They were targeting Steve. Whoever this was, they were working with Tony and targeting Steve for something.
“YOU NEED TO WAIT FOR THE FERRY!”
“He’s a glory hounding hero!”
“NO!” Tony shot up and once again put himself between the wolf and the Avengers. “Fenrir! No!” He said firmly, he then turned to the Avengers. “Avengers! No!” He said in the same firm tone.
“More like pay-as-you-go mercenaries.” Clint shrugged. “We provide a protection service and get paid for each time we save someone.”
“Yes!” Erskine smiled then slapped Steve on the shoulder. “Now let us go back and drink till we cannot stand.” He turned them around and they began their trek back to the others. “You will need it.” Steve raised his eyebrow and gave the older man a questioning look. “I will not lie, the transformation will hurt.” He warned and Steve squared his shoulders.
In reference to Chapter 7 World’s First Dish was Wrong: Odin is an asshole.
“It worked….” Bruce breathed.
“You weren’t kidding about it being far.” Steve said as he glanced back at the city below.
Automatically, Sam and Bruce each grabbed one of Tony’s arms and restrained him.
“Uh-oh, what’d you do?” Sam asked with the face of a friend dying for embarrassing information.
“WHAT?!” They all shouted.
“Tony?!” Steve exclaimed finally getting a good view of the scene and immediately recognizing the lithe brunette.
“I’m not letting you die!”
Howard laughed and grabbed Steve’s shoulder.
“What? You know him?” Bucky taunted, his sword lowered but not sheathed.
“Sorry we meant for this to be gradual but then Thor rushed in and...well…”  Bruce gestured around.
“Please! You must help me!” She cried.
“I love you.” Tony sighed as he snuggled into Steve’s shoulder.
Howard looked aghast as his dead eyes frantically darted around. “Is there...is there any other way?”
Steve shook his head at that mental image and let out another chuckle. “I don’t know.”
They all talked for a bit longer then the travelers said they had to get moving if they wanted to make it to the Travelers Shelter before nightfall (an outpost building between towns that gave coverage for rainfall). All the Avengers shared a look at these words then offered up their carriage for them to use.
“No, you’re fine.” Tony grabbed his shoulder and gave a squeeze. “Don’t worry about it Point-break.” Thor’s smile at the nickname was so bright the sun could learn a thing from it.
“Steve,” Thor moved to stand in front of the blonde and grabbed both his shoulders. “If you prove yourself a True Hero in the eyes of Odin AllFather, then you will be granted a boon. A boon you can use to resurrect your intended Peggy.”
Steve then used his grip on Tony’s hips to keep up a slow pace. He moaned as Tony would periodically squeeze around him. But he had a very hard time looking away from Tony’s face. The man was panting then moaned loudly as Steve angled his hips a certain way.
“I don’t trust him.” Sam said.
“No it’s ok….I’m sorry.”
Eventually the Avengers got the snake to follow them down to the harbor. Tony had put himself between them a few times during the pursuit. But as predicted, Jörmungandr immediately backed off once he noticed Tony coming close to his intended target. However, that didn’t stop Steve from throwing concerned looks Tony’s way each time he saw the man intervene.
“Sourpatch, I am not appreciating your tone. People are bastard coated bastards, who are only honest when dead.”
“What?!” Steve snapped, still refusing to look at the brunette “What don’t I see?!”
Riley and the princess had been courting. So the king ordered Riley to prove his worth by going and slaying the gorgon. Sam wasn’t about to leave his friend to fight the monster alone so they went off together. They had prayed to Brunnhilde for pardon as they would be fighting in her temple and were shocked beyond belief when the goddess appeared before them.
“I’m not the only one who lied here Steve!” Tony finally yelled at the blondes back.
Sam snorted while Bucky fumed and looked ready to say something to his defense but Tony plowed on.
Tony thought angrily.
“I’m just being honest.” She shrugged. “He’s the god of fertility. He used to come to your bed
“It’s the name!” Clint defended.
The Avengers and Fenrir watched as the arrow flew past them. Fenrir visibly perked up and looked after the arrow in excitement and want. His tail was going crazy. However once he heard the Avengers shuffle he shifted his attention back to them and growled menacingly.
“And so to commemorate Howard Stark we unveil this artwork!”
“We’ve told you.” The guard bit out while moving his horse up. “Any time a natural disaster is witnessed you must fill out a report.”
Tony ignored him and focused on Steve. “I am fine.” He stressed. “You guys are the ones that are in danger here. So one more time. What are you doing here?”
2. Loki you wouldn’t hate Steve so much if you stopped assuming shit and listening to Amora but instead talked to Thor, my goodness man.
“I was trying to get him out!” Loki seethed as he tried in vain to get Thor to release him.
A cruel smirk slithered onto Loki’s face. “He’s tying something up for me.”
“DON’T YOU DARE PUT THAT ON HIM!” Rhodes yelled galloping over and slamming his front hooves down by the dou. “You can hide behind that bullshit excuse all you want, but don’t you dare act like this is his duty!”
Amora looked stricken then turned and asked everyone the same question. Each answered the same way. Finally she reached Steve.
“Yeah...” Tony drawled with a roll of his eyes. He then took a few steps back “Well as fun as this game of interrogation and threats is,” He inclined his head towards Bucky and Natasha. “I’m gonna go.”
“Thanks.”
Tony’s hands roamed the blonde’s back through the fabric as Steve’s one hand snaked around Tony’s lower back and pushed them even closer together. Tony then broke the kiss and tilted Steve’s head to one side and started attacking the blonde’s neck. Steve moaned and panted, and just barely stopped himself from thrusting his lower section against the lithe man in his arms.
“He’s just trying to be honest about his feelings. Granted,” Bucky gestured. “his timing’s shit but he’s trying to follow his feelings.”
“That’s what doesn’t make sense.” Thor ran a hand down his face. “Loki has dominion over all deceased mortals. Those are his to do what he wants with. But! All living mortals are under my protection. How did Tony, a living mortal, fall into Loki’s hands?”
“Stop stop! It’s obvious you all are close, and your friendships are important to Steve. I mean you guys have tagged along on all our dates, save the first one.”
“No, I don’t need you to give me anything-”
Thor and Bruce flew to Monster Bog. Once there Thor released a boom of thunder so as to make sure they captured all the monsters attention.
“Bud.” Bucky said in a small voice as he knelt on Steve’s other side and grabbed the man’s shoulder in a show of solidarity.
“Happy was so worried about you all.” She said, “As was I, but Happy was more frantic in his worry.”
Tony had discussed these thoughts with Pepper.
Bucky and Sam eventually caught up to Steve and Sam slapped the back of the blonde’s head.
“Sometimes I’d come across bounty hunters in the Monster Bog looking for him.” Tony looked serious and angry again “One of them must have gotten to him and dragged him back to Crete.”
A few weeks later at one of the weekly meetings Tony, Pepper, Natasha, and Jan began planning Steve and Tony’s wedding. Tony asked for Steve’s input but he brushed them off saying he didn’t care about the details. They all joked that he would regret that. Bruce got engaged that next week. Unlike Steve and Tony’s and Jan and Hank’s engagement, his was private. Betty asked Bruce right as they were about to head to bed. He said yes then ran to his dresser and puled out the ring he had bought and she said yes.
“We were told that the Hulk is a giant green ogre, that terrorizes people.” Steve said trying to put the Bruce Tony described and the monster they heard about together.
2. Tony goes on recruitment alot in the Monster Bog but never tried to recruit Bruce just wanted to make sure that was clear. So Bruce has no idea about Tony’s underworld connection.
“The Hulk, his name is Bruce. Bruce Banner.”
“Can you show me where?” Steve asked, grabbing both of Tony’s arm and thus capturing his attention.
Steve went to Tony’s lab the day the genius came back to New York and kissed him. They announced they were dating that week.
Tony just gave the blonde another confused look.
2. I’d love to do snaps, or episodes of Tony growing up in Hel. I have so many ideas in my head already (esp involving Jörmungandr and Fenrir) but this chapter was long enough and it would distract from the point. So that’s for another posting.
On their way back they ran into some travelers. The travelers were carrying large amounts of various fabric on their backs and were obviously traveling by foot to another town to try and sell or deliver the wares they were carrying. The civilians waved fanatically at the Avengers carriage and gave them beaming smiles.
Over time he started spending less of his free time with shades and more with the creatures of Hel. He got to know them, listened to their stories. Even offered solutions to some of their problems. The monster village he feared as a child was now where he found comfort. Some saw killer monsters, but Tony saw friends.
“So you’ve returned Howard Stark.” Loki spoke, and Howard rose from his bow, Tony following after him.
“Yes!”
Around them were growls, grunts, and rumbles but nothing indicated they were being followed or even noticed. Then Steve made a sudden stop and everyone was immediately put on edge. Steve had enhanced hearing due to Erskine’s water and thus was the groups first line of detection for anything they should be wary of in the fog covered bog.
He quickly looked towards the now closed doors and saw Tony leaning against them, in a very relaxed pose. The brunette had on a red chiton with gold accents but this one looked a little more feminine than his regular chitons. Though that may be because this particular chiton seemed to really accent where his hips where. Steve’s mouth suddenly seemed a tad dry.
After a whole minute of silence, Loki spoke. “I hear your request, and I am denying it.”
Tony’s whole body shivered at the sudden drop. Rhodey and Jarvis glared at Loki, who took a deep breath to calm his anger and warm the room.
So many good things came as time moved on, but also some bad things. For one Tony realized Loki was right. There were times he just couldn’t take the land of the living. For example, all the touching. When it was just Rhodey, Steve, the Avengers, and his mom he was fine. But it was the everyday pushing in the crowds. The handshakes and greetings of everyone. The constant glad handing he had to do as Steve’s boyfriend. The fake smiles and obvious envy the Avengers fans threw his way. All the touching and obvious fake emotions would just get to him.
Tony and Loki held each others gazes. In his mind, Loki counted down the seconds it would take before Tony’s curiosity won him over. Right on the mark Tony asked.
