Sherlock opened his mouth, but found he didn’t quite have anything to say to that. Huffily re-adjusting himself on the bench, he glared at the trudging, weary-hyper hordes of tourists filing past, before speaking up again quietly. “If you say ‘thank you,’ it kills a fairy.”
"John!" Sherlock writhed, spreading his legs wider as if that would help John and the doctor grinned before delving his tongue past the first ring of muscles. Sherlock cried out, entire body spasming in a paradox of surprise and pleasure.
could walk in and see him practically buggering one of his mates, panting into the back of his neck while he frantically rutted against him. Shame burned deep in his gut at how people would look, the shock and disgust on their faces, if they saw how he was behaving-
His doctor flashed his clownish grin, before pounding his hips teasingly a few times against his lover.
Quite enamoured with the unfocussed glaze in Sherlock's aqua eyes, John bit his bottom lip in glorious awareness of the detective's perfect predicament. He wrapped his legs tightly, bruisingly, around Sherlock's waist and rolled his head back, sighing greedily. "Finish inside me."
"Should I...call someone? I...this is new to me." John admitted, biting his thin bottom lip and staring with Mrs. Hudson up at the dark sky.
Lost in his self-recriminations, Sherlock was startled by the sound of the doorbell. He listened as John scurried upstairs to find some clothes before answering the door, although they both knew he needn't have worried. Mrs. Hudson was already awake and she always collected and delivered their post, no matter what time, day or night.
There was a loud metallic clatter as Sherlock dropped his cutlery, the fork bouncing off the table and landing somewhere out of sight. The tinkling crash was almost drowned out by Sherlock's shaky grunt of desperation, his ordinarily talented hands scrabbling weakly, and without familiarity, at John's nape.
John sighed, and illustrated by fumbling once more for Sherlock's surprisingly weighty hand, and pulled it to rest on his own pulse, thundering in his throat. "You do."
"Like what you see?" John asked playfully, chuckling. "I, um..." He cleared his throat, voice betraying his sudden trepidation. "I know it's been a while, but...would you...you know? I've kind of...missed it..."
John bit back a grin and planted his left hand firmly on Sherlock's chest, traversing across the fabric of his T-shirt to find the soft nub of his right nipple and pinching it delicately.
"We should get back." John finally managed once their laughter had died down. "I'll go first and you wait a few minutes then follow me. Yeah?"
A mere thirty minutes later, John was being pulled down Baker Street by his hand, stifling a yawn and groggily appraising the cool, dove-grey sky.
"Didn't know a bit of dick would turn you into such a little cock slut, Watson." He licked his lips, smirking. "But sorry, not today. I've already just finished with Jones."
"Batteries?" John repeated, mystified and more than a little put out. "Sherlock...did you call me at work to ask me where the fuck the batteries were?"
"I know you're not," he said, glancing around John's naked body. "I...should I have let you undress yourself? I thought...it would be more arousing..." He muttered and John felt like an arse for undermining Sherlock's confidence.
"Oh, no, dear." Mrs. Hudson patted John's hand, a worried frown on her face. "I'll call someone in the morning. I have a nephew who's very handy with construction and that sort of thing. I'm sure he'll be able to straighten this out."
"You are gasping for cock," Sherlock said simply, completely oblivious as a middle-aged banker passed them and gave the detective a stunned look and a couple of indignant, choice words. The brunette continued regardless. "You were more than happy to work with John for almost a year at the surgery- a position, incidentally, you may find your employers are having second thoughts about after an 'anonymous' report of a hate crime committed by you has been filed- because you fancied yourself in love with him but, thinking he was straight because of the…
His head dropping back in helpless disbelief, John sighed, shallow and noisy, muttering aloud. "You're hard...God, you're so hard."
Sherlock stood like a tall, lean, study in monochrome beside John, impassive, his hands in the pockets of his coat but, feeling a surge of protectiveness, he sneaked his hand tentatively towards John's, to see if he would take it.
"This is what happens when you're bad, Sherlock." John replied calmly, letting loose a quick series of smacks on Sherlock's arse, painting the white globes a glowing red. Lovely. Greedily, John leaned down and licked the hot skin of Sherlock's left buttock, gleefully absorbing every little twitch of muscle and every strained whimper from his partner.
"No, he's..." Sherlock pulled away sharply and strode around the kitchen, eyes casting about for a good spot. "
John flushed and checked to make sure the receptionist wasn't listening in on his conversation. "Jesus Christ, Sherlock." He reprimanded, pinching the bridge of his nose and closing his eyes. He didn't need to think about the women he worked with tittering outside his office over whatever it was Sherlock had said. He focussed instead on whatever problem Sherlock had got himself stuck in. "I just left the flat less than twenty minutes ago. What've you got yourself in to now?"
Greg shrugged. "Eh. Not too great. I knew what I was getting into when I let Elaine set me up with her friend. Blind dates always turn out the same." He chugged some of his beer and sighed, giving John a mischievous look. "You always end up with either the dull woman out of her flat for the first time in ages or the unapproachable ice queen who lets you know you're miles beneath her. Guess which one I ended up with?"
Practically suffocating on his breathless climax, John panted as if he had just been rescued from drowning, his eyes dark and dizzy, his muscles weak and trembly. He slumped down against Sherlock without thinking, bending his legs further back until they touched his chest before Sherlock made a noise of protest and John apologetically lowered them.
He hadn't come in 3 weeks. It was by far not the longest he'd ever gone without sexual pleasure. Not even close. He'd gone 6 months before without an orgasm and not even cared or noticed. But this was vastly different.
I like?" John pursed his lips, staring speculatively at Sherlock's body and Sherlock watched John's eyes flick around his form, trying to deduce from his gaze which places he had come on Shaun by the ones that held appeal to him on Sherlock.
He frowned in the dark, wondering why Sherlock wouldn't let him look at him, was still so shy about revealing any part of his body to John.
Sherlock allowed himself the barest second for a surge of jealousy that someone else had penetrated his John...before relaxing. He didn't want to make John angry. He wasn't supposed to be sulking.
Sherlock sequestered himself under the sheet once more, cocooning himself totally, and texted Molly.
"Can I see?" John whispered and Sherlock opened his eyes, blinking a few times to bring John into focus. "Please, Sherlock? Can I see you?"
John grinned. "I figured it was bone, didn't know it was an antique. It's brilliant," he beamed, and Sherlock noticeably relaxed with a barely-audible sigh and a small, shy smile. The doctor leant down and captured Sherlock's plump lips in a hard smooch, the detective immediately pulling him closer, deepening the kiss, groaning softly as John's hand smoothed steadily down his robe-clad torso, thumbing teasingly over his nipples.
“One compound can be easily extracted from a reasonably common plant, wolfsbane, which is also easy to cultivate in the Northern hemisphere, especially if you happen to be a degree-level horticulturalist who is employed by this woman to maintain her extensive acreage of land. She wouldn’t recognise it; I doubt she would have known a nettle from a nasturtium. Long story short, the toxin collected from the plant was applied via the acupuncture needles. The therapist who gave her the treatment is looking distinctly awkward, but it’s not fear or shock, it’s guilt. I suspect that it’s his partner, the gardener, who supplied the poison. Her heart suffered arrhythmia, and this soon led to asphyxia and death. I imagine the motive was money, she made an effort to bequeath substantial amounts to her loyal staff upon her demise. I suspect they couldn’t wait any longer,” Sherlock panted, clearing his throat with finality. Lestrade, pen poised over his notepad, stared openly at Sherlock, looking dumbfounded, and John grinned.
Mycroft had... Hinted at a few changes in John's habits, including what seemed to be an increase in illegal activities, though they were certainly beneficial to the local homeless population. Sherlock didn't mind that the money that he had left for John in his will being put to a different cause, as John thought it was a worthy one. Whenever John had free time, he would go out on the streets and doctor the homeless. Sherlock especially didn't mind that it was strengthening the opinion of John, which made it more likely that he would be protected.
John walked past him without even a glance as he went and made his way through his morning routine. Sherlock frowned at the amount of coffee involved. John had been quiet all night, hadn't he gotten any rest?
"I'm going to my room, put away my equipment." John made his way up the stairs quickly and sat on the edge of his bed, trying to sort out the sudden small rush of adrenaline in his system. He set down his mug, leaning back to lie flat on his back. He exhaled slowly, trying to ignore his pounding heartbeat and especially /whatever/ that had been downstairs..
Finally, in the last one to his left, he found him. Sherlock was sitting against the wall, legs drawn up to his chest and staring blankly at the other wall. John ran to him, sliding to his knees beside the genius. Sherlock shifted his gaze slowly, as if in a trance, but his gaze sharpened as he registered John's presence.
They paraded back into the living room, John and his extra cup of tea, Sherlock on his heels. John placed the tea on the table by Sherlock's chair, then sat back down with a sigh. He picked up his book, but didn't read at first. Instead he stared at Sherlock. Then he closed his eyes for a very long moment and went back to reading.
He debated going to Mycroft that night, but he decided against it, wanting to be there in case John had nightmares or decided to pay attention to Sherlock in the middle of the night. He spent the rest of the night in his old room, going through the boxes that took up most of the room, except for on the bed which was conspicuously empty and clear of dust.
He slowly raised his head, ready to duck back down if the thief was in sight, but silently cheered and quickly jumped over the wall to peer around his new cover to find the thief. They were pointing the gun at the last point they had seen John, and were approaching quickly, screaming obscenities. 'Moron', John thought as he waited until the thief was past his hiding spot, almost far enough for them to discover that John had eluded them.
Sherlock was stunned into silence over this development. It had been so long since he had been with John that he had almost forgotten this part of them. Sherlock being Sherlock and John calling him brilliant. He shuddered with the incredible blessing of being near John again and burrowed his face in John's hair, reveling in being allowed to be this close, to touch and take.
Sherlock was shaken from his thoughts as John closed his book and gathered his cup, getting ready to stand. Sherlock again sprung up, ready to follow him. John just wandered into the kitchen, rinsing his cup, then passed Sherlock in the doorway as he went to go upstairs.
He shook his head, turning and catching the eyes of a girl sitting at the bar instead. He returned home triumphant with a new number in his phone and a date planned for the next day.
As he took a second step towards the door though, it burst inward, reveling most unexpectedly Lestrade, who was pointing a gun at him. As Sherlock watched shock and anger flash across Lestrade face, he winced internally, realizing how badly he had handled this part of the situation.
John could almost feel Sherlock's energy leaking from the flat as he walked up to the front door. He wondered if others on the street could feel it, almost see the cloud of manic energy hovering above them, or if it was just him because he was so attuned to said geniuses moods.
"Mrs. Hudson's bound to be home soon. If she hears me talking to you again... I need to stop allowing this, but you make it so hard..."
"What are you doing?" Rebecca asked (It had to be Rebecca). John glanced up from the clock, slightly surprised.
"John's not coming in today, he's a bit predisposed. Don't call again. Goodbye!" Sherlock wanted to yell, he wanted to grab his Stradivarius and deafen himself to the world for a few hours so he could
John huffed as he sent the response, automatically loosening the cuff of one of his sleeves and pushing it down a bit so he could access the pulse point on his wrist. He checked the time and began counting, writing down the number but not sending it yet, as Sherlock hadn't responded.
He quickly texted Sherlock, but there was no response. He looked back at the building Sherlock was in, but his view was blocked by another bush.
He needed to reassess the situation. John thought he was fake! John thought he was an imagining of his mind and had been having this happen to him multiple times over the past two years. Mycroft knew nothing, Lestrade knew nothing, nobody knew anything! They were all so stupid, did they not see how his John was wasting away? (His John? Unimportant right now, examine later.)
There was a minute of silence until Mycroft Holmes stood up from the row behind John and made his way up to the podium.
Believe me when I say that this was not an easy feat. I needed someone on my side, who wouldn’t blow my cover. That was when I took to the least likely source I could ever imagine, Moriarty. The one man who was my mortal enemy became my savior.
That was when I began to think. I started thinking that death was the option. Then, I started thinking that maybe there was something better, faking it.
If you did end up reading this, thank you! I hope you enjoyed it. Please leave a comment and/or kudos. The finale will be up tomorrow.
“John!” Sherlock snapped at me. “I’m fine! Just leave me alone.” Sherlock wrenched open the door and turned back around to face me. “And whatever you do, don’t follow me.” He walked out the door and slammed it shut behind him.
Holy crap! I'm back! I am so sorry I haven't posted this chapter when I promised I would a few months ago. Life has been very hectic with school and I took a small break from writing any and all fanfiction. However, I can say that I have come back with a vengeance and a goal. I will finish this story this week! This is no empty promise either. The other chapters will be written out and will be posted when I write them, which is how this story has moved along, so that's nothing new. I'm sorry again, but I hope this short little installation will keep you coming back for the last bit I have planned.
There are trigger warnings for self harm and suicide on this chapter. If you are sensitive to these topics, please be careful if you choose to read this. Don't push yourself if you're debating on whether or not to read it. I'd rather you be safe. <3
“Sherlock Holmes was a great man,” Mary began. “He was a great flat mate and an even better friend to my amazing husband.” She held out her hand in a gesture of pointing to John. “He gave us countless smiles, laughs, tears, and fights, but I wouldn’t change any of it for the world. He will be missed dearly.”
I'm sorry this was such a short beginning chapter, but it is just the prologue. It was also kept vague purposely for that reason. Chapter One will be up tomorrow and all of the other chapters will be longer, I promise. I hope you enjoy it! Comments and kudos are much appreciated!
“Mary!” John called out into the apartment. His voice was quiet and scratchy. When he was met with silence, he tried again, louder this time. “Mary!” Still, no one responded. John was relieved to know that his wife wasn’t in the house when he read the letters. Knowing her, she probably would have snooped and tried to figure out what he was reading.
Hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please leave a comment or kudos if you did! The next chapter will be up tomorrow!
It has been two weeks and three days since Sherlock and John had closed their last case together. It has been two weeks and two days since Sherlock and John had their last celebratory dinner together. It had been two weeks and one day since John had seen Sherlock alive for the last time. It had been two weeks exactly since Sherlock’s funeral. It had been two weeks exactly since John had gotten off of the couch and did something productive.
This letter is also about a happy occasion that I masked my actual feelings throughout. I feel awful just remembering how I felt and how you felt. It was supposed to be a happy day for everyone, but of course this selfish bastard can’t think of anyone else but himself.
“Nowhere.” Sherlock was stuttering. He didn’t expect John to respond. In hindsight, Sherlock should have just walked out the door without saying anything.
The reason I am doing the harshest thing possible to my body is because I can’t live with myself anymore. I’ve been very unhappy for the longest time and I can’t feel this way anymore. It’s slowly killing me and it’s come to the point where it’s not just internal anymore. I was inflicting myself with pain by cutting my wrists and thighs. The pain on the inside was too much. The thoughts running through my head daily were becoming more and more destructive. That’s why the intake of cases was becoming slower and slower. My head was being infected by negativity so much that I could hardly do any work. I was slowly sinking down into a place that I can’t be pulled out of.
He jolted at the unexpected noise, despite himself, before steadying his nerves, the sudden scare making his mood, which had already been black to begin with, even darker.
of us out. Not if you were obviously with me." It was a second before Sherlock realised he must have said something Not Good as John blanched and cleared his throat, clasping his hands behind his back, always a sign of discomfort.
"I rarely experienced erections and when I had them I ignored them." Sherlock pressed his lips together before he revealed how many erections he'd had over the past week and how difficult those had been to ignore...especially when John was chastely snogging him. "When they are persistent and I am…unable to ignore them, I deal with them as quickly as possible so I can resume more important activities." Sherlock swirled his hand around John's shaft as he'd felt him do earlier. He thought it was right from the way John's face crumpled and he arched his back but Sherlock decided to be a good, generous lover and ask- as John had done. "Is this right?"
,” Sherlock spat. He rolled his pale eyes and had an upside-down glance out of the window. 12.52pm. Humidity 35%. Temperature 26 degrees. Wind speed 11mph, south-south-easterly. Pollen count moderate. Moon phase – first quarter.
"God. We're doing that again." Shaun murmured, voice still wrecked. "Can't remember the last time I enjoyed something so much."
"Oh." Sherlock looked down at the crumpled piece of paper in his hands. There were still crumbs stuck to it. "What did it say?"
Sherlock, who had managed to work his trousers halfway down his thighs, paused, suddenly realizing he was stripping, was almost naked in front of John. He tugged at the wet fabric, unable to pull it back up and so crossed his arms in front of himself, shielding his exposed skin ineffectually. "Could you just...go out for a bit...bring me my PJ's...and I'll see you in a minute?" He requested awkwardly.
His stomach gave a little queasy roll at this thought, and a few random muscle pangs seem to mirror the sentiment. Huffing a quiet laugh to himself, he took another drag of his cigarette, his long, strong fingers curled awkwardly around the little stick in what appeared to be an almost arthritic display of paradoxical size.
Shifting up the man’s expensive shirt a little, Sherlock caught a glimpse of another tattoo. Feigning ignorance, he ran a long hand over the Latin script. "That's pretty. What does it mean?"
"‘Other things’ indeed. Right, I think we've done enough talking for a bit. Agreed?" John rested his face in Sherlock's thick curls with a faint, gratified sigh.
…” He huffed out a small, throaty chuckle, and bent his legs up with a roll of his hips, arching his spine.
“Then you’re a bit late for the festivities, aren’t you? Never mind cake now. We need to talk seriously.”
The first thug went down easy- too drunk to walk a straight line and tripping over his own feet. John just helped him along. The others weren't so easy. It'd been a long time since John had been in an honest-to-God fistfight and dodging knives and broken bottles wasn't exactly easy. And he was trying to keep an eye on Sherlock, the taller man feigning away from his own attackers while muttering in a low voice to them things John couldn't hear.
Sherlock's body curled in upon itself even further and he grunted, annoyed like a grumpy toddler. "Y'say I don't get enough sleep. Need it now. Body...drained...require recuperation. Also tea...sperm needs something to swim in." He babbled. "Hydration, please."
He tapped one leg up and down in impatience and gripped John's hand under the table as the other man, cognizant that Sherlock was reaching a dangerous point of boredom, was trying to soothe him by rubbing his thumb back and forth across Sherlock's knuckles.
compared to what we could be doing. Oh, I know we have a lot of ground to cover of even the so-called tame activities…but I thought it would be best to plan ahead, to know...things..." Sherlock's eyes flicked over John's face, widening. "You're aroused."
"I'd prefer...two, maybe?" Sherlock asked, choked-up, and a little shaky and breathless. "……John, you do know, don't you? That you’re…I…"
Sherlock gnawed upon his plump bottom lip fiendishly, pale eyes bright, before he leaned close again and growled.
Sherlock pushed his scrambling, hot, long-fingered hands up John’s arms and across his back in reaction, the countdown continuing unheard and unacknowledged by them both. The bedroom was bathed in dim light and John, when he shifted back and looked, was confronted with the gorgeous view of Sherlock’s pleasure slackened face. Something he’d not really seen before. His sharp, searching eyes were now closed, eyelashes black, fluttering smears against the white paleness of his skin, and his mouth was red and kiss-swollen. It was strangely breath taking knowing that John had been the one, the reason, to make Sherlock look that way. Sherlock was under him, against him, the taste of him still lingering on John’s tongue, his lips. He’d never thought such a thing could happen, or that he even wanted it to.
“…As to your earlier statement,” he continued, “I talk to John like that all the time. As well you should know; you’re always skulking around up here. For all your constant presence, it astounds me that you still fail to notice that John and I are not in a sexual relationship.”
Sherlock, biting his lip as he struggled to find a comfortable position on the cluttered kitchen table, stuttered a reply. "I...I
"Cause I am." Shaun replied simply. "Fuck, you're tight. Can't wait to get inside...Mmf...you ready yet, Watson?"
Heaving another sigh, he turned to go, walking on tiptoe to the door and carefully opening it. He slipped out without another sound, closing the door and creeping down the stairs, wincing at the way his drying semen painfully pulled at his pubic hairs.
"I'm going on a case." He announced in a small whisper. John didn't wake up but that was hardly Sherlock's fault. If John chose to be asleep when he told him where he was going...well...that was John's problem. With a clean conscience, Sherlock turned and quietly began packing his bag.
"I know, I know." John breathed, eyes shutting at the much-needed pressure. "It's okay. Just...put lube on your cock. All right?"
Sherlock gritted his teeth, whining softly as John's thumb eased a rewarding, pleasurable spool of pre-come from the tip of his cock. "John, it won't be long," He uttered in warning. "Take me."
! Sorry…sorry,” the doctor muttered, red-faced, as he slammed the door closed again, after getting an eyeful of Sherlock sprawled, naked from the waist down, unclean from sweat and sparse ejaculate, with a jumper over his face.
John laughed, shocked, and beamed up at Sherlock, "Have to tell me that story later." He squared his shoulders, looking like a man about to go to the gallows. "All right. Let's...just get this over with. They serve alcohol, right?"
Both John and Molly choked and in the few breathless, painful seconds it took to regain their normal respiration, Sherlock grinned at the synchronicity of their discomfort.
John patted his mother on the back, a resigned but happy look on his face as he pulled away. "Good to see you, mum."
John nodded, face contorting with pleasure, too breathless to respond, and he heard Sherlock moan. The man adjusted his grip on John's thighs, bringing them closer to his chest, almost bending John in two, and pummelled into him, the sound slick and obscene in the otherwise quiet room. Sherlock’s face was a visage of awe, and smugness, his orgasm lingering but not threatening. Bright-eyed and grinning, he digested the audible feast that consisted of John's helpless whines, and the juicy, carnal slap of wet flesh on flesh. He was incredibly relieved he hadn't yet come and the relief translated to his arms and legs, making them jittery as he flushed with triumph. He could do this...he
Sherlock suddenly tensed, his body going rigid against John, and his eyes snapped open, blinking in the harsh sunlight. John halted his own hand, difficult as it was, and tried to speak without giving away his own arousal.
Suddenly coy, Sherlock glanced aside with a timid smile and basked in his touch, “Charmer,” he murmured in reply with a small snort and a happy squint that wrinkled his nose attractively.
“Evening,” John announced to the flat distantly as he entered the living room, fishing an empty polo packet out of his trouser pocket with some irritation. Sherlock took the opportunity to do his daily John-ventory, some post-clinic diagnostics of his doctor. It took only a few languid seconds, and didn’t result in any particularly surprising or interesting readings. The slight longing in the doctor’s indigo gaze as it flicked out the open window at the sultry, dirty London evening, suggested that he had been thinking about taking a holiday. This was also evident from his recent internet searches.
"Ah, shit," John said reactively, but he made no move to go back to the living room. "I - hang on," he frowned, pointing incriminatingly at Sherlock's own cluttered bedside table. "There are...
Sherlock wanted to growl in frustration. Instead, he shook himself, trying to take back a modicum of control over himself. He was acting ridiculous. He'd gone six months before without so much as an erection, much less the need for an orgasm, and just because he'd been denied once didn't mean he had to go all to pieces. In broad daylight. In the middle of a crowded sidewalk.
He was still at the stage where he still had a series of tests to conduct, and had not completely given up on 'reasonable' tactics to get his doctor to take the final step.
"Who..." Sherlock had to clear his throat, his voice raw from moaning and begging. "Who's texting you?"
Samuel sniggered. "Must've liked what he was tasting." He angled the phone to Luke who sobered enough to squint at the screen, taking in the new photo showing the man downstairs with the curly hair sucking on the tip of the blonde-haired man's cock, his cheeks hollowed. Clearly, the blonde-haired man had been holding the phone. The next few snaps were of their prisoner sucking on the cock, taking it almost the root.
But he wasn’t expecting Sherlock to lay beneath him and watch him prepare to finger himself with dark, hooded eyes. John's own cock twitched and he swallowed thickly at the sight of Sherlock. Jesus.
"…Oh...fuck. I'd eventually start to pick up the pace." John latched on to the fantasy he'd been spinning, shivering as Sherlock gave another enthusiastic suck. "I'd make sure you lay still while I…fucking
"Oh." Sherlock said nonsensically, not knowing how to move forward from this. John was obviously aroused and seemingly amenable to do...something... Should Sherlock make the first move? Should he wait for John to do it? Would John even do such a thing or would he wait on Sherlock?
As ever, he resisted his body's natural reaction, contrary to the last, especially when it would entail ultimate pleasure. He pushed in further, grunting faintly, and starting a pulse-like rhythm, avoiding his prostate for the present moment.
"Sherlock...I really can't put this off any more. It's starting to piss me off." John confessed a few minutes later. Sherlock, whose mind had been whirring away, wanting to go and retrieve his mobile so he could further research Shaun, tensed.
There came a loud, unhappy noise of disgruntlement, before Sherlock squeezed his hand back with reluctant fondness. He followed him into the hot, rowdy atmosphere of the pub, inundated with after-hours office workers gossiping loudly over mid-priced pints, single older men who had clearly been making this their nightly routine for the last twenty years, and a few misplaced female, over-dressed teens who had underestimated the attention they would receive in this small, cheap establishment.
John was surprised by a long, hard hand covering the bottom half of his face, smothering his mouth. Grey-green eyes, doubtful, curious, and hopeful, transfixed him, as did the plump, open cupid's bow lips, the ice-white skin, and the supernatural cheekbones.
"You're late." Sherlock replied, voice husky and wrecked, his hands never stopping their desperate movements between his legs where he held John's mobile against his already hard and dripping prick, fisting it with a desperate determination that seemed to be gaining him nothing except more frustration.
Sherlock pouted up at John, fingering his curls, tugging at them to their full length before letting them spring back.
Sherlock smirked at him, noticeably having enjoyed the reaction, and then pushed up to sit, “All right,” he murmured, reaching to undo his trousers with unsteady fingers. The moment they were loose and open, Sherlock sighed silently in relief and gave John a shy sort of peek as he crumpled them down his thighs and kicked them off, sitting back close in his clinging underwear and opened shirt.
"It was meant to be a surprise. Though," John explained reluctantly, sounding rather more bitter than he actually felt, "Maybe it's for the best. Maybe it's Fate taking action. Maybe it's not meant to be, yet."
The past seven days had been the happiest and yet most frustrating ones of Sherlock's entire life. He'd thought, once he and John got together, that John would be more...ardent. More randy than he actually was with Sherlock. All Sherlock's data about John's past girlfriends suggested John would be trying to have sex with him after the very first day- and Sherlock had been eagerly, if a bit apprehensively, looking forward to it.
"No." John said, kneeling up beside Sherlock. "No. I don't want a furtive, shameful wank under the sheets, you hiding from me because you think I'll be repulsed by you. I
“……You look like you’ve run a bloody marathon. And……I don’t know,” he admitted. “…You’re not usually so serene when you come down off a high. You look……happy.” He said the last word with some evident awkwardness, as if it might insult Sherlock.
"I should hope not, mate." John jerked, awkwardly turning around in his chair at the sound of the familiar voice, heart leaping in his chest.
"Yes, you can." John encouraged, soothingly quiet in the flat. "Tell me, sweetheart, tell me what that great, amazing, fantastic brain is thinking of. I want to hear what you're fantasizing about…. Tell me."
John laughed heartily. "Still...frozen chick...you might've been able to make popsicles. Get something out of it. And hey, you can snowball with a bit of frigidity," he chuckled dirtily, hand clutched loosely on his pint glass, as a deafening roar consisting of simultaneous victorious yells and despondent groans as a result of a goal, sounded from the drunken inhabitants, making their ears ring.
"How long were the two of you dating? What were the circumstances of your separation? How often, on average, did the two of you engage in sexual relations? When did the sexual side of your relationship begin? Was he a one-night stand- how did everything develop?" Sherlock took a deep breath, poised to ask more questions before John stopped him.
Sherlock had been initially confident in his deduction that John must want to be penetrated, but for whatever reason, did not want to ask for it. John had soundly put his mind at rest, but was still insisting on giving unbelievably vague and arbitrary timelines for their lovemaking.
Sherlock pouted as if he had decided not to entertain his doctor after all. A few long, intense seconds into a silent staring match, and he relented, took a deep breath, and began.
When Sherlock grinned and seized his mouth again and let out a happy little hum, he translated the response as, ‘I know.’
"...John...John! It...feels...bloody...tight, feels...is it supposed to feel like this?" Sherlock gasped, pale eyes wide and adorably innocent.
John blinked in surprise. "...Well...I just assumed, you know...you're not really into family gatherings...and
"Fine. I know you wouldn't humiliate me. But you'd want to see it for yourself. You're insatiably curious. Let me just...ask you something, Sherlock. Be honest. Do you realise the effect you have on people?" John's words were barely more measurable than the minty exhales settling on his face.
Sherlock sighed tremulously, eyes fluttering closed, when John kissed him again, moving his lips against Sherlock's, a low moan reverberating through his chest and vibrating against Sherlock's lips. He'd barely allowed himself to fantasize how it would feel to kiss John, how those usually chapped lips would feel gliding against his, warm and alluring. Now he'd had it, though, he didn't think he'd ever not want John kissing him. Sherlock pulled back sharply.
Finally, Sherlock wrenched the door open and stepped through, turning to find John behind him, closing the door, his eyes trained on Sherlock, dark with intent. Sherlock's mouth went dry.
"...John, I don't want to do this again," Sherlock hissed quickly, his grey-green eyes watery with utter terror, his brow crinkled in desperate supplication.
John hesitated, considering what sort of answer to give as he sipped his bitter coffee, glancing at the window as if to find divine inspiration in the grim, melancholy skyline. He nibbled his bottom lip, about to reply, when Jason piped up. With his ridiculous spiked hair, puce chinos, and a generally obnoxious and superior demeanour, John could barely tolerate Jason at the best of times. He was a sexist pig and naturally thought he was God's gift to women.
…I'd be getting so close. You'd be able to feel it, Sherlock. You'd be able to see it on my face and body...but you'd feel it around your cock right before I came." John worked the toy faster and faster over Sherlock's cock, his own twitching weakly in response to the sucking of Sherlock's mouth.
With a shuddery, inelegant gulp, John lifted his head and met Sherlock's grey-green eyes. "...Sherl?"
,” he rumbled, trailing his lips over John’s face lustfully, pressing small, gentle pecks to his nose, cheeks, eyelids and eyebrows.
John noted, with a perverse curl of satisfaction, that Jason's teeth were stained red and his nose was most definitely broken.
"Christ. That was amazing." He giggled, kissing Sherlock lazily, breaths huffing hot and damp against Sherlock's cheek. "What made you want to do this? I mean, I'm glad you did- fuck, am I glad..."
"Listen, John...I- I know you said I wasn't allowed to, b-but I...I saw some things. Online. And since we have nothing on, perhaps..." Sherlock opened his mouth to enunciate further, but then blushed and fell awkwardly silent.
Jason continued airily, unaware of the threat which was looming closer. "I suppose once you turn the lights off it all feels the same, whether you're fucking his arse or his throat-"
- they told my body that you were close to orgasm, that you were going to ejaculate, that it was down to me and me alone," he garbled at great speed.
"Tell me what you think." Sherlock said, with a slight, croaky break of his baritone voice. Clearing his throat, his high cheekbones tinged a deep pink, as if the result of a physical assault. John wondered, fondly, if he even realised how deeply he blushed when he was really overwhelmed. "Tell me," Sherlock continued, "...what you imagine, when you think about...that."
The moment he did so, in a brief and gentle graze, Sherlock exclaimed loudly and bucked forward, almost dislodging John in the process, “
of 'em," John spluttered, his muscles shivering, his hips jumping, unable to stay still as his pleasure built and built, his face a vision of beautiful agony, his voice raw and torn. Sherlock started to protest but, one look at John's contorted face, and he unquestioningly jammed the rest of his fingers into John's arse, inhaling as he watched John's hole stretch to accommodate them. It was a matter of mere seconds before John halted all movement in a sudden, stunning, wordless freeze-frame, before coming explosively, his muscles clamping down on Sherlock's hand and his cock pulsing over and over, hot semen dripping over Sherlock's fingers and spattering onto his stomach. John howled, forcing out furious sounds that must have burned his throat with their intensity as he rode out what appeared to be an unnaturally long series of climactic aftershocks. Sherlock had never seen John come so hard.
John was as blinkered as a drugged racehorse, elbowing people aside, left right and centre, as he rocketed upstairs, yelling for Sherlock all the way.
Shaun was still loose, amazingly so, but provided enough friction to John's cock for him to get off. And it was hot, feeling how stretched Shaun was around him, drinking in his gasps as he was fucked, oversensitive and shaking while John plowed him.
“Oh.” Sherlock uttered, and all of a sudden his hand disappeared, slipping away from John and leaving every place John had been touched to leak warmth with a quiver. The hand, however, came back to smoothly cup John’s face, and Sherlock slid close again, his nose at John’s cheek as he touched their mouths together with a feather-light, teasing caress.
"Mrs. Hudson!" he yelled, glancing around and helping himself to some cheesecake from the fridge before sitting down and waiting for his landlady to materialise.
The detective stumbled slightly awkwardly in the dark, his foot catching what was presumably some sort of bottle of cleaning fluid.
John's scalp prickled, knowing Sherlock was close, and he watched, jerking himself just as fast, wanting to see the moment-
Her face was actually stinging with embarrassment, and she felt nothing but relief when Sherlock stopped eyeing her knowingly, and abruptly tidied himself up, getting down to business.
"Mmm...I should be." John shrugged, making sure Sherlock was ok before giving him a teasing smile. "But considering last night- listening to you wank by my bed- was one of the hottest things I've ever heard...no. I'm not angry."
"I don't...it's..." he closed his eyes, not wanting to disappoint John but thinking it might be for the best for him to just stop-
“…You’re lucky I love you,” John murmured, so quietly as to make Sherlock wonder that he had said anything at all.
"Your boyfriend's not very discreet," a younger nurse called Chrissie piped up boldly, breaking the quiet, contrite atmosphere. "You should put a gag on him."
"Don't be a cock. What if I can't-" John broke off when Sherlock suddenly surged upward, thrusting into him brutally hard. John screamed as Sherlock gave a volley of deep, hard thrusts that had him arching his back and crying out to the ceiling.
By the time they got back to the flat with six carrier-bags full of pineapples and two of lubricant, Sherlock was already tellingly edgy. He grasped one of the fruits after dumping his bags onto the kitchen floor and peered at it, picking at the spikes experimentally with his fingernails. "How do these work?" he queried distantly. "John? Make this work."
"No more massage, okay? You can just...just hold me, if you want...God," John whispered forcefully as he realised how laughable his words had sounded, clear in the otherwise noiseless gloom. "You're impossible to ignore though, you know that full well."
"What do you need?" John asked but Sherlock shook his head, exasperated breaths panting from his lips. John grabbed his hips and ground their cocks together, rutting against Sherlock hard and fast, giving him as much pressure as he could. He swooped down and sucked one, copper-coloured nipple into his mouth, biting down-
“…What?” Sherlock asked in a soft mutter and sneakily curled his fingers around the t-shirt collar to touch the bare skin of John’s spine, following the dips and curves with his fingernails.
"Uh...that's not really the point of this, Sherlock." John smiled and this time it reached his eyes. "Look...I obviously surprised you thinking you meant to propose...and this isn't really the way I would have wanted this to happen...So let's...just step back. All right? Give ourselves time to think about it. Then...we can decide. If it's what you want."
to move. His cock throbbed in heated arousal and he could feel himself poised on the very brink. He was afraid to move, afraid to give in to the overwhelming desire to finish himself off, afraid the smallest noise would wake an already fidgety John. And so he remained kneeling beside the bed, cock hard and leaking in his hand, holding his breath, waiting for John to settle again.
John, frustrated and angry, was knuckling his eyes sleepily when Sherlock, looking fresh as a daisy, but nowhere near as happy, appeared in the doorway and chucked his own mobile onto John's lap.
"I'm not blind," Sherlock muttered defensively, but he followed without further complaint. His face, however, could have soured milk. Until, that is, he glanced around at the storage tanks in the high-ceiling, musty, warehouse-like room. He peered quizzically into a few smashed-up tanks that had very recently had little, multi-legged occupants.
"All right, yeah, you got me- I'm with a man. Yes, I love him. Yes, I sleep with him and yes, he can be a bastard, but I'd rather spend twelve hours with him in his worst mood than another minute with any of you. Have a good afternoon," John snapped, slamming his half-empty coffee cup into the bin and storming out.
Sherlock smiled at her, pleased, and Molly actually felt her heart stop beating for a few seconds. "I must confess that I don't actually have a lot of knowledge about things like this but I know later tonight things...will take a more...
He flicked his fingers once more through his long eyelashes, waking up swiftly (in more ways than one) as the tall, slim man on screen bound his partner with thick red ropes, restraining him with swift, practiced movements. John tried to control his rapidly increasing breaths as the man on screen moaned as he was forced over and his mouth pushed down onto the hard cock in front of him. Whilst Sherlock appeared calm and composed, John couldn't stop his fists clenching, his fingernails digging into his palms. He didn't dare clear his throat or adjust his position, knowing if he did it would be as obvious to Sherlock as an air raid siren. He could feel his cock expressing intense and urgent interest in the proceedings even as he tried to pretend as if he were only vaguely interested.
John began yanking Shaun's cock, firm and very fast, in a well-practiced, efficient rhythm that he used on himself when time was short and a slow build-up was either unimportant or impossible. He felt his own cock reach full hardness, prodding hopefully against the sleek, hot wetness of Shaun's backside. He was totally unprepared for Shaun to rock back against him, pushing his arse against John's cock. John's hips jumped forward, grinding himself against the soft swell, and the two men set up a quick rhythm- John fisting Shaun's cock as fast as he could, his hand a blur, and Shaun thrusting back in counterpoint to John's strokes, letting him rut against his arse.
Shaun snorted. "Bought you a present? Where would I get it? Brought you my arse. Hope that's good enough." He winked and John rolled his eyes.
"...Sherlock." John murmured, trying his best not to upset him. "To be honest, I'm nearly there. A few strokes and I'll be done. That was...you were...indescribable."
"He was going to rape me." Sherlock stated bluntly, still looking drained, his normally pale skin having taken on a decidedly deathly pallor.
"Use this one a lot, do you?" He smiled. "I was just looking, love. I've never seen one like this before." He tugged Sherlock up and into a kiss, plunging his tongue inside Sherlock's mouth and sweeping along the length of Sherlock's tongue. When John pulled away, Sherlock was achingly hard, and panting, his thoughts hazy.
that once there, he'd be able to somehow convince John to engage in relations of a sexual nature with him.
Mrs. Hudson snapped her fingers impatiently and Sherlock found himself crawling inelegantly out from under her sink.
"In a sense." John murmured, before his mouth latched on to the side of Sherlock's throat, sucking sweetly.
"Hmm..." John palmed Sherlock's arse feverishly, cupping it in his hands and squeezing. Sherlock bit his lip to keep in his undignified squeak. "I think I've another idea. Turn around again."
John was rapidly nearing exhaustion, forcing himself inside his lover as hard as he could, the crushing release of orgasm bitterly distant and seemingly unattainable. He groaned in frustration, and Sherlock felt dizzy with excitement at the sound of John beginning to chant non-stop, his nonsensical words wheezy and hot against his spine.
Sherlock took the driver's hand as he rounded the corner, his pale skin appearing almost jaundiced under the yellow, late-night streetlights.
John winced, his cock still soft but twitching, and shook his head. "Yeah, we're not doing that again." He said.
the wet, sucking heat of Shaun's mouth around him, watching the way his lips stretched and distorted to take him all in, and how he swallowed John's come easily, as if it tasted amazing. Previous girlfriends had told him it hadn't- but it didn't seem to matter to Shaun.
"It's ok." He soothed, smiling fondly at his wreck of a lover. "I love you when you're coming too quickly, when you want me so much and you're enjoying what we're doing so much that you can't help yourself, you can't control yourself. You…can't control yourself. I love it."
"Fuck yeah, you are." Shaun grinned before leaning forward to whisper. "Meet me in the officer's quarters after you're done. Trust me. I'll make it worth your while."
A long, grumpy grumble echoed out, but in a little while Sherlock stood loosely clad in his dressing gown in the hallway before him, stretching his arms and grunting pleasurably when a few joints popped. He ushered John inelegantly toward the bathroom, kicking the door shut behind him, pulled off his doctor's robe, then his own, and leant heavily on him, mumbling into his ear.
"Guilt? Over what? Bringing you along?" John scoffed, anger making him mean and cruel and he knew, even as he said the words, that he'd regret them later.
John opened his mouth to speak, whatever stupid reason for his behaviour, Sherlock looked so befuddled that John felt it as an ache in his chest. He wanted to help, to do something, but John wasn't who the man needed.
,” he breathed, glowering through his lashes at John as his paper hat slipped and fell from his head.
"It's been six months," the detective interrupted bitterly, still panting, but not as heavily. "...Do you
"Sherlock....sssshh." John hissed, embracing the trembling man to him, staring with wide eyes at the copious amount of semen decorating the cubicle wall, sliding down the tiles sluggishly. "Jesus." His own cock pulsed, trapped in his jeans, begging to be let out and allowed to claim its climax.
Once John had crossed the threshold, he glanced about at the surprising airy store, a large, and presumably-extortionate rent space, filled with...not much. He looked to Sherlock to guide him.
"Might have done." John whimpered, gripping the shelf with white knuckles and forcing himself to relax. He could fucking feel Sherlock's cock throbbing in his arse, lodged there hotly.
Sherlock turned and left the room as regally as was possible for a man wearing a damp duvet, and John clenched his fists in long-suffering temper. Sherlock's rejection stung more than he would've thought it would and John clenched his jaw as he stared at Sherlock's rigid, duvet-covered, retreating back. "Go fuck yourself, Sherlock."
The tormenting visual- which he wished he'd never indulged himself in- burned like acid in Sherlock's mind.
The doctor in question ignored the politely-silent audience completely as he fumed at Shaun, who was rubbing his sore elbow distractedly, whilst offering the charming, obnoxiously-confident grin that had enamoured John, even before they had both shipped out.
"Says who," John asked, his tone barely even suggesting a question, more a scarcely-restrained insinuation. His teeth gritted audibly. Under yellowish streetlights in the cold autumnal night, the detective paused to exchange cheeky words with a man in a passing car who had slowed down to idle by him on the grubby pavement outside the club.
“You promised me a smutty story, Sherlock. You failed to shock me, so now you have to man up and tell me about it.
Sherlock's sharp eyes flickered slightly as he tried to coalesce the multitudes of stimuli which were afflicting him. It was harder to do than normal due to his all-encompassing arousal which pulsed and throbbed and demanded to be taken care of.
"You remember Shaun, eh John?" One of the soldiers said, nudging him playfully in the ribs. John faked a laugh but it was horribly forced. Sherlock took the decision of what to do next out of John's hands by striding forward, his face a cool mask, and extending his hand. "I don't think we've been introduced. I'm Sherlock Holmes. John Watson's boyfriend."
John laughed. "Maybe later, yeah? Let's get you fixed up, first." He sank to his knees and started soaping Sherlock's legs. Sherlock looked down and John grinned cheekily up at him, eyeing Sherlock's cock speculatively.
"Course I'm all right. Bloody...fantastic." Shaun sighed, relaxing against John for a few seconds, then heaved another sigh and rolled away. "Need to get cleaned up. Have to make it back to my bunk before inspection."
. I, uh, I…” He shifted and moved out from under John a little to sit up better. “It’s not like I’m not…
going into ‘Sulk Mode,’” Sherlock huffed and curled one arm around John’s waist as he adjusted him. He peered up and stroked the skin on his lower back, twirling and skating his fingertips in endless, twirling patterns. “…Marry me?”
“…I’m unsure on what you’re trying to prove here,” Sherlock told him, keeping his hand where John had placed it, his fingertips shifting to automatically press to the fluttering patch of skin. “We’ve established that you get… affected by massages and this is the result of that. If another person did the same thing as I did, would you not have the same response?”
It was several hours later when John remembered to query the items Sherlock had purchased at the shop.
,” Sherlock snapped impatiently, pumping his hips up against his doctor a few times in a not-so-subtle reminder of his irritable arousal. “It’s a taxi and a small van, ignore them.”
"Sorry," John offered in a strained voice, but he didn't move, or relinquish his grip on Sherlock's warm upper arms.
His erection was now tenting the sheets obscenely and John, not wanting Sherlock to wake up and see it and feel obligated to take care of it, tried to will it away. With deliberate slowness, John eased his hips away from Sherlock with small, shuffling movements. He closed his eyes and thought of work, steadfastly trying to forget the amazing tightness of Sherlock's body from the previous night. How Sherlock had squirmed and tightened around him. The way he'd looked as he came.
"Now you...g-get off." Sherlock swallowed, glancing around them again, wondering if he should drop to his knees and suck John off (a pleasing idea, especially as he heard someone laugh, sounding much too close) or pull John out of his trousers and wank him, keeping one eye trained around them to make sure they didn't get caught.
Shaun raised his eyebrows, accompanied by a small, nonchalant smile, as he slid back to his own seat.
"'Not anymore?' What does that mean? I'm close, Sherl...I know you're close too...please, let's do it together. Side by side. Let me see you,
Sherlock's large, long-fingered fist pushed itself into his own eye with considerable roughness, knuckling it agitatedly, and he finally managed to meet John's eyes in the dark with bleary, tenuous concentration.
Sherlock giggled abruptly through his airless exhales. He could feel John’s heartbeat, he could hear it, and it was glorious. "John? You okay?" His question was adorned with a gorgeous, naked grin.
“Go watch the television or something equally as mind numbing,” Sherlock told him, waving a hand, the same hand with the ring. He regarded it and then began grappling to pull it off, frowning when it only went so far. “Stupid…piece…of…
John burst out laughing, and then quickly sobered at the look of outrage and indignation on Sherlock's face. Gaping for a few seconds, he finally uttered, "...
"I used to like to scare Harry with him. She always hated spiders." John grinned and Sherlock rolled his eyes, losing patience.
"What are you going to do?" John's hand sped up, jacking Sherlock ruthlessly. "Are you going to come, Sherlock? Come with people less than ten yards from us? You can hear them, can't you? Talking, laughing...not aware that we're here..."
The rain still poured steadily down over London that evening, lashing at the darkened windows and making everyone inside and out of the torrential downpour feel snug and grateful to be dry. Molly had made them a wonderful dinner (trying to show off her culinary skills) and even though John hadn't been able to eat the pork, being a vegetarian, Sherlock had devoured two helpings, making Molly beam with pleasure.
Molly shook her head, unable to believe it, as she gave into the temptation to masturbate. If the two men next door were going to be so overt- in
Having unburdened himself of his insecurities, and feeling oddly guilty about it, Sherlock finally met his doctor’s gaze, and was stunned to see the dark blue eyes awash with disbelief and anguish. Slowly, though, softly, those eyes calmed and quietened their pained storm.
“It was a specimen of Bathynomus giganteus, a giant isopod. Over a foot long. To all intents and purposes though, it’s just a really big underwater woodlouse,” Sherlock said, managing a small, grudging smile, his cold high cheekbones warming with crinkled glee.
"Mmm...I like it rough." The customer growled against his lips, thrusting his cock against Sherlock rampantly.
Time was a pressuring factor, and he tried to appear aloof and un-panicked as he searched as calmly as he could for the deadly absconded amphibian. He had informed his landlady that the reason he was prying behind chairs and between ornaments was in order to locate his ‘lost’ cigarettes, and as yet she was unaware of the danger she was in as she faffed about in the kitchen.
"You don't need to trawl the depths of your Mind Palace to understand what I want you to do. Besides...your gag reflex is only 12.2% efficient, remember? You can, and you will take it." John pulled open his jeans, yanked down his underwear without ceremony, and pulled out his half-hard shaft. His face was worryingly impassive and Sherlock licked his lips, eying the penis in front of him speculatively. John was angry. That much was obvious. He was surprised John wanted to work off his excess agitation through sexual release, though. It was a viable avenue. Sherlock had heard of people doing it…but John was usually the "yell then take a walk" type not the "shove my cock down my boyfriend's throat" type.
Mycroft sighed, choosing not to comment which was in itself telling. Sherlock's mobile pinged. He ignored it.
Embarrassment invaded as soon as his orgasm was over and he slumped over Sherlock, taking his weight on his elbows and trembling legs.
"Not so bad yourself," Shaun murmured, sounding shattered, and John kissed his shoulder. Affection swelled inside his chest and he hugged him tighter.
"I'm...sorry?" He asked, hands splaying on John's thighs and practically salivating (was it his proximity to John, the knowledge John was hard, or the anticipation of the act of sucking John's cock making his mouth water? Sherlock needed further evidence) at the sight of John's erect penis.
John watched Sherlock strut down the sidewalk through Lestrade's binoculars, jealous rage simmering in his chest at the ease with which Sherlock's arse wriggled in his skin-tight leather jeans, his hip cocking out to the side, giving a passing car a wide smirk as it slowed so the inhabitants inside could look him over.
"Uh, yeah, I was...but his meeting ended early and so...thought I'd look you up." John stepped closer to Shaun, making his intentions clear. "Thought we could...I thought, what we did last time...fucking blew my mind." John laughed, his blush barely visible on his suntanned face.
They sat quietly for a quarter of an hour as the sun sank beneath the horizon and the air began to cool pleasantly. Sherlock was just beginning to grow bored-
Shopping with Sherlock was like shopping with a very antsy, unruly, hyperactive five year old. John couldn't count the number of times he'd cajoled Sherlock into helping him with the shopping- really needing his help- only to lose the consulting detective in the process of acquiring the essentials for the flat and then spending the next thirty minutes trying to find him.
He raised his voice shamelessly, as his hips shoved harder, his backside flexing powerfully, and his voice broke under pressure.
"Mm." John pressed another kiss to Sherlock's now tensed neck and he heard Sherlock take a deep breath.
"If I was a woman, the only thing putting me off would be your shitty pay and hours. No offence," John added, nudging him chummily.
Sherlock sat down as his legs gave out in shock, thankful John's armchair was behind him otherwise he would have gone down to the floor. He stared at the photo and accompanying message, mind jammed and trying...somehow...to work through the situation.
He'd just been sitting in his chair, reading and enjoying the warmth from his cup of tea and the fire, and most definitely ignoring Sherlock. That's where he felt maybe he'd gone wrong, even if the arse deserved it.
"John." Sherlock nearly staggered back into the door when this made John smile, albeit a small sad smile. He looked up, eyes traveling over Sherlock's face, his body, but then behind him, and also to the kitchen, as if he were looking for something specific and couldn't find it.
Sherlock had been in a snit about a case for three days. He would alternate between pacing while loudly cursing Scotland Yard for their collective idiocy and inability to move faster then a snail, and curling up on the sofa with his back facing the room. For three whole days.
Sherlock was laying out on the couch when John walked in, but sprang up immediately, stalking toward him in a way that had John raising a hand to stop him before he even took a second step into the flat.
It caused a small tremor to start up in one of John's hands, but that was the only visible reaction.
Finally, Sherlock's head rose from John's arm and he warily searched John's face, as if waiting for John to rebuke him and ignore him again.
Sherlock listened closely as Lestrade and John conversed carefully, edging around the main issue, before finally John sighed.
He burst out from behind the bush, tackling the thief from the side. They struggled with the gun, and he flinched as it went off, but he succeeded in grabbing their wrist and twisting until the gun fell from their grip. He subdued them quickly, pushing one of their arms almost out of socket until they settled, crying out for mercy. John let off a bit and searched for something to secure them until the police showed, quickly deciding on one of their shoelaces. He plucked it from the boot and laced up their arms solidly, then leaned them against the low wall, grabbing the gun and absentmindedly texting Lestrade his location.
The morning started with John stumbling down the stairs looking like he hadn't slept all night. Sherlock had stayed on the couch all night, alternating between hacking his brothers files and slipping fitfully into his mind palace to search for any clue of what was going on. He had a slight idea of what it could be. He knew it was possible. But he didn't want to believe it. He didn't want to think that things had gotten so bad.
"Well we're pretty close friends too, I'd say. We've been through a lot together." Rebecca didn't look impressed. "Look, we're just... " John tried to blow it off, but couldn't find the words.
"John." Lestrade called back towards the stairs, making Sherlock jerk his head back towards the doorway and take another half a step forward as he realized John was alone out in the stairwell. He stilled his movement as he realized Lestrade was still holding the gun with laser focus on him.
"How do you want me?" John asked, perching on the edge of the couch. Sherlock pushed and prodded him back into a comfortable position, face up on the couch, a pillow stuffed under his head.
"I'm helping with an experiment, I assume." He finally managed. "My flat mate is a scientist." He heard the injected note of pride in his statement, but ignored it. Rebecca frowned.
"John." Sherlock stopped and frowned as John stopped moving entirely, placing his hands on the counter and taking a deep shuddering breath. But he started moving again, continuing his routine and, most importantly, ignoring Sherlock. Sherlock stepped closer to John and could almost feel him tense up. John carefully poured the hot drink into a cup, and moved to turn, but finding Sherlock there, in his way, made his hands shake, almost spilling the coffee.
"Please Sherlock," he whispered, not making eye contact. "Not today. Not like this." Sherlock stumbled back, and John marched forward, sitting down heavily in his chair. He placed his drink on the side table and turned to face Sherlock who was still standing, frozen, in the kitchen having only turned enough to watch John pass.
John finished writing up the paperwork on his last patient. He was so close to being done for the day, and he couldn't wait to go home and relax with a nice cup of tea and the new paperback he had borrowed from Sarah. He was exhausted after a long week of balancing cases and Sherlock's needs with work, and he needed the next few days to relax.
He was wrong. He unlocked the door, noting that the lock remained unchanged, then quickly pulled it open. He stood in the doorway in a halo of light from the bulb behind him, just as he had planned. But John, who was sitting in his chair reading a novel with an untouched cup of tea resting next to him, barely reacted when he looked up.
He normally tried to learn more about the women he dated before even the first date, but honestly he hadn't been paying much attention. Half of last night he had spent worriedly watching everybody who had walked in the door, afraid that Sherlock would come striding in the door to collect him for a case; the other half trying to find any sort of motivation to pull someone.
Sherlock took the moment to really observe John. His hair had quite a bit more grey in it than he remembered, and his face seemed a bit more lined then normal. There were dark smudges under his eyes, made more prominent by how pale his normally tan skin was.
But Mycroft either had nothing to say about John's deteriorating physical condition or he hadn't noticed. Sherlock would be having words with him on the matter. But there were more important things to think on now.
Sherlock stood there awkwardly as John stood facing the door where he had said goodbye to Lestrade. He hadn't moved farther into the flat since the conversation had started, and it didn't seem he would be inclined to do so any time soon.
." And then he was turning and walking toward Sherlock his face set in a grimace of what looked like pain. Sherlock readied himself for a blow, but once again a hug was bestowed upon him.
This morning so far, he had been approached by Sherlock and intensely stared at no less than three times, but he would not break. He had his breakfast while Sherlock paced and yelled at thin air, threw things (mostly pillows thank goodness), and generally had a tantrum.
Sherlock's mind raced. Again, John had said, that means that... John had been talking to him? While he was gone? John had been, what, hallucinating him? He turned to look at John and paused, confused.
"John, I'm back, I'm back, I came back. I'm not..." Sherlock trailed off bewildered as John just nodded at his words, then, realizing they had stopped, dropped his attention back to his book.
John didn't react, he seemed almost turned to stone. More stupid words fell from Sherlock's lips, even as he cursed himself.
John considered Sherlock but nodded once, turning to finish the tea while Sherlock sprung into motion. He grabbed John's bag and rushed into the living room. Sherlock sat on the couch watching him expectantly as John walked in with the tea, setting it on the coffee table.
"So what do you want it for then?" John asked. Sherlock fidgeted, and glanced once more at the bag, before-
"No, no... I think it's past time to face this." Lestrade nodded, then nodded decisively and turned to stride towards Sherlock. He tensed in surprise, almost expecting a punch, but instead arms wrapped around him in a hug. He held still for a second, shocked, but slowly wrapped an arm around him. Lestrade stepped back after a moment, but kept a hand on his arm.
"John?" He listened carefully to the silence of the flat. "John?!" There was a sudden noise on the stairs and Sherlock stepped forward, worried that John had tried going into work anyways, despite being exhausted. What if he had fallen on the stairs? John of all people should know how exhaustion dulled the senses.
John had been ignoring Sherlock since then. At first Sherlock just commented at how childish John was being and ignored him back, but close to the end of the day Lestrade texted with a slight breakthrough in the case and Sherlock got ready to whisk off and investigate it. John had simply walked off to his room to prepare for bed as Sherlock followed him, trying to convince him to come, then stood at the bottom of his stairs and hurled insults at his back. Sherlock had gone off in a huff, and come back in an even worse mood, slamming the door and grabbing his violin. John simply grabbed the ear plugs out of his bedside drawer and drifted off again.
That got the weapon off him. Lestrade put the gun away carefully as he glanced between Sherlock and John uncomprehendingly before his gaze settled on John. ('Good' thought Sherlock, John deserved the concern in this situation.)
John sent back a quick text, trying to smile sincerely at his date while his mind wondered about the nature of Lestrade's text. His phone buzzed again and he hurriedly opened the message.
"Sherlock!" No response. "Get away from the door!" He listened carefully for another two seconds, but as he heard a soft "John?" come from the police still gathered in the courtyard where they were dealing with the thief, he knocked loudly one more time and quickly shot the lock. He tossed the gun over to where someone would clearly see and collect it as they rounded the corner, then leaned back to build up power and kicked the door open.
"-and you should've seen the color dress she was wearing, chartreuse, and it did /not/ go with her skin tone!" John felt like he'd maybe set himself up for this one.
John had been lenient and tried to be as helpful as possible for the first day and a half, but things had quickly escalated into a war in the kitchen when Sherlock decided the kettle had a higher purpose than making tea and had dripped several different concentrations of chlorine on it effectively ruining it. John had stormed out and spent a miserable couple hours in the cold, first walking off his anger, then going to buy a new kettle. By the time he reached the store, he was sniffling and regretting rushing out before he could grab his scarf and gloves. By the time he got home he was freezing and miserable and certainly on his way to being sick. And then, the final straw was when he walked back into the flat and saw Sherlock curled into his chair by the fire, sipping fresh tea assuredly made by Mrs. Hudson.
This didn't fit his list. This didn't make any sense. What was John doing? Had he somehow already known? There was no way he was internalizing a reaction, he was too relaxed. Sherlock couldn't move for a good minute. Then, he carefully stepped forward and shut the door behind him with a click.
John ignored him and walked into the kitchen, putting the kettle on and turning to look back at Sherlock while he waited for it to boil. Sherlock hovered nervously at the border between the kitchen and living room, looking like he wanted to grab the bag sitting on a kitchen chair and run.
His phone buzzed with a text and he absentmindedly grabbed it as he checked the clock. Another hour and two more patients and he was done for the week. He glanced at the text.
"And you just up and do whatever he wants you to do whenever he wants you to do it? Without question? In the middle of a /date/?" She hinted. John blinked.
A thought ran through his mind and he guiltily reached back and pulled the gun he had habitually placed in his waistband as soon as he had heard the cops. 'Well', he thought, 'I can give it back to Lestrade in a second'. He pounded on the door.
Sherlock slowly relaxed, leaning his forehead against John's, creating a small bubble of peace between them. They sat like that for a few minutes until Sherlock took a deep breath and straightened. He didn't move very far though, and John smiled at him. They got to their feet together, still standing rather close, until there was the clearing of a throat from the doorway. Their heads shot around and they jumped apart, seeing Lestrade standing at the door, smirk firmly in place.
"When did he show up?" There was no answer for a long moment. Then John appeared in the door to the flat, gone worryingly pale.
. But you came back. So thank you." With that, he turned and left, saying additional goodbyes to John at the door.
In the next hour, Sherlock honed a few plans that he could try once John woke up. He looked up to see how John was doing and cursed himself. John was gone. He must've slipped away while Sherlock was concentrating. Sherlock stood, quickly striding to check and see if John was in the kitchen before turning towards the stairs that led to Johns room.
He needed John to realize he was real, but how did he do that? So far, John didn't barely want to look at him, never mind talk to him, so how did he convince him?
"Yeah, he's a consultant for the police, he's brilliant." John grinned easily for the first time that night. Rebecca's face soured more.
John pinched his nose and signaled the waiter. He sent a quick text back, paid, and left the restaurant.
"I, I only did it to protect you, I had to get rid of Moriarty's web, you have to understand, I needed... I... I can leave if you want. If you don't want to see me again, I understand." Sherlock started to turn away, to go to his room and pack, but was stopped by a shuddering exhale from John.
Sherlock grew even more concerned when he realized how baggy the jumper John was wearing was on him, and how he seemed to be holding himself with care, as if in pain.
"I told you, I had been seeing him. It had been so long since it had happened before yesterday that I thought I had finally... started to move on, started to heal. But then there he was again, making the grand entrance I had always imagined, and then he wouldn't leave, and I... I didn't sleep all last night and I fell asleep this morning and then Sarah must've called you about me missing work..." Lestrade interrupted.
He carefully set his phone down, not looking at the text yet. 'Figure things out.' Like she (apparently not Rachel or Rebecca) even knew what she was talking about. John tapped his fingers gently on the table. Maybe he should go out with his mates, he always got better pulls when he was out with his friends anyways. He picked up his phone, pulling up his messages to send out a few texts to Lestrade and a few others, but he paused as he saw Sherlock's unread message. He sighed, but clicked into it.
45 minutes later, John said goodbye to his last patient with a relieved smile. He sat down at his desk to finish the last bit of paperwork and grabbed his phone out of his drawer, turning it on. He ignored his phone as it buzzed almost continuously for about 12 seconds then, when it let off, glanced at the stream of messages.
John looked up at Sherlock, who had his own eyes closed as he concentrated. John let out a soft sigh as his eyes followed the swell of Sherlock's lips, the arches of his cheekbones, the line of his jaw. Sherlock looked down at him, curiously meeting his gaze.
John's head drooped forward, his breathing deep and steady. He had fallen asleep in under a minute, and in such a state... He would wake up in pain. Sherlock deliberated, but gently pushed and prodded John out of his chair and over to the couch. John barely even opened his eyes, seemed to not wake up at all during the move, and was fast asleep the moment his head hit the pillow. Sherlock carefully draped a blanket over him and sat back in his armchair, deep in thought.
John started moving them and Sherlock followed, and never really leaving each other's embrace, they wound up on the couch, not speaking, just breathing in each other's presence.
John had gone out the next night after he got home from work, looking for a date. It had been a while, after all, Sherlock kept him so busy. But looking back now, maybe he just hadn't been thinking about it, too comfortable in his life with Sherlock.
The shock of hearing the words, though logically having already been present in his mind, drove the breath from Sherlock and to his surprise caused his eyes to prickle with tears.
of sex. He was willing to pander to John's need for sweet talk and hand-holding if it got him a fuck. And he hadn't meant for John to walk in on him and Wilkins earlier...but Shaun was glad he had as John forced him to his knees and yanked at his fatigues, peeling them down and rubbing his arse, speculative.
"I'm...god, was that too much? I'm sorry I don't know what I was...look, you can hold the bag in front of you until we get a cab and I-"
"No!" Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and clung to him, tugging him back down. "No...I...I want you to…"
such a thing probably was to John. John would probably be bored through the whole thing. He would get Sherlock off but would just be waiting for him to finish because it was so
John took his hand, bringing it to his lips and kissing it chastely. "I am, Sherlock. I'm hopelessly, irredeemably, shamelessly, and irrevocably head-over-heels in love with you. Didn't you already know?" His lips quirked up in a teasing smirk when he saw Sherlock's chin start to buckle. "How do I love thee? Let me count the ways."
He felt impossibly bigger and then John felt the warmth of his orgasm in his arse. He shuddered, clenching around him in want and pure desire. His own cock bobbed and throbbed between his legs, demanding release that John, still holding himself up with his hands, couldn't manage.
Three feet away, on the other side of the wall, Molly Hooper came with a groan she barely managed to muffle by biting down on her teddy bear.
Sherlock nipped his bottom lip carefully, his eyes glittering dangerously up at John, and John was immediately worried. Sherlock chuckled naughtily and wriggled ever closer to his doctor in the hot gloom under the delightfully-stifling red blanket to whisper in his ear. "I have an even bigger one," he admitted in a fiendish whisper.
"Plotting how to get you naked. Watching you strip. Fucking memorizing every curve." John's hands raked down Sherlock's body, possessive and demanding. "And then wanking that night when he went home, imagining the way you looked that day, fantasizing about you wearing whatever it was you'd bought..."
"That. On your arm." John nodded at the small cut on Sherlock's exposed arm, the skin around it discoloured by a bruise.
"How could you possibly..." she began to retort, stunned at his deduction, before the weight of what he had actually said hit her. She gave him a curious look, then giggled slightly. "I don't think you should go that far just for a case."
Sherlock raised his head, giving John a bleary, surprised look. "You want...why? I already came." He ran his fingers through the semen cooling on his chest and John chuckled. "Hard to have missed that."
"Yes." John breathed fervently, grinding his cock against Sherlock's hip. "Yes. Fuck yes. Take me to bed."
," John chuckled ecstatically, grinning as he moved his hands to Sherlock's hips and held them tightly, pressing down on him. "Easy, boy."
Sherlock ignored him, running his tongue along the warm, salty length of John's cock, feeling it slowly and reluctantly swell beneath his questing tongue. John made a noise of protest, hips twitching- and Sherlock engulfed the entire length of John's cock into his mouth, sucking gently.
He rhythmically, unconsciously rubbed at Sherlock’s fingers, nestled warmly in his own on the back seat of the taxi. The detective allowed it with his typical blank-faced stoicism, but he occasionally threw a curious glance downwards, silently admiring the logistics of their entwined hands.
you to fuck me…" He murmured, gasping as John's finger traced the sensitive rim of his hole, stretched around the plug he'd put in earlier before they left the flat to meet John's parents.
"It's 'Let's Get It On.'" John said, grinning ruefully and shaking his head. "I forgot that was even on here."
Sherlock’s head bounced off it with a thud and he clenched his jaw, closing his eyes in a faint grimace, “
Staring daggers at the Irishman, Sherlock was startled by John's warm breath at his right ear, whispering comfortingly to him, as quietly as he could in order for the detective to hear him above the yells, clinks of dozens of glasses, and piped classic rock music of the pub. "Are you alright, sweetheart?"
John allowed himself to be manhandled from the taxi after Sherlock had paid the fare, being dragged awkwardly across the back seat, the detective's hand never relinquishing its' possessive grip on his own. As the cab trundled away, Sherlock treated John to one of his truly-honest, crinkly grins, his teeth flashing adorably. Before he knew it, John was being swept up into another enamoured kiss.
John had dealt with the injury as professionally as he could, but despite hearing all kinds of horror stories in medical school, he'd never expected to experience a self-pleasuring penetration so...bizarre. To be honest, he had better things to do. Unwanted, the memory of gathering hot, red slippery handfuls of intestines in his fingers and trying to gently yet forcefully re-insert them into an unnaturally-pale abdomen where they belonged assaulted him. John could almost feel himself gritting his teeth again and trying to focus through the pulse of terrifying adrenaline and panicked tears.
"You don't ask for anything you want, do you? You just take," John said, without power or malice in his voice as he began to feel himself sinking slowly towards slumber.
the unasked question, born years ago and never expelled, writhing under John’s skin and in his face like a parasite, fed fat and happy on lustful imaginings.
John panicked when he heard Sherlock grunt, saw him clutch a hand to his sternum, before delivering a blinding, knock-out right hook to the perpetrator. John gave the unarmed man grappling with him an enraged kick between the legs (not feeling the least regretful over it). Somewhere in the back of his mind, he was cataloguing the injuries he was inflicting. This guy would never have kids after this.
"Perhaps. John, seriously though," Sherlock uttered, clearing his throat, ready to speak. His doctor grinned shamelessly, before a soft avalanche of unstable papers suddenly cascaded from one of the cluttered bedside tables.
"...Was...was that okay?" Sherlock asked hesitantly, caressing John's damp stomach lovingly, vaguely aware that it was probably a stupid question but he felt embarrassed that he'd come so quickly, that he'd had so little control of himself. Sherlock knew he would probably get better, would gain more stamina, the more he and John did this, but it was so uncommon for him to penetrate John that he hadn't had the chance. "I'm sorry I...that I...so quickly...before you even..." Sherlock trailed off, embarrassed, blushing.
Sherlock cocked his head at his doctor, gauging his reaction, and continued blandly. “I know. It really was most inconvenient. I went to a vault in my Mind Palace looking for details on European dignitaries and tripped up on your striped jumper. I nearly knocked myself out on the Swedish over-60’s drawer. Mrs. Hudson scolded me for my sullen inaction, so I decided to come here and break up with you.”
Sherlock looked wrong-footed and John took a sick pleasure in being able to surprise him. He nonchalantly turned back to the counter, making toast which they could eat on the way to the crime scene. He'd gone without sex - without getting off - before. Plenty of times. He could do it again and no little teases from Sherlock would affect him. However, two could play at that game. This wasn’t just about John, was it?
Sherlock clambered inelegantly over his doctor to flop heavily at John's left side, and snuggled, cat-like, against John's damaged shoulder, placing a lengthy, wet smooch on the keloid scar there. "What are they saying?" he asked, his hand smoothing possessively over John's pectorals, fingertips twitching unconsciously against every fine hair and subcutaneous hard muscle.
His good mood wasn't even dented when John thrust the cup of tea, sweetened just as he liked it, in his face and sternly told him to hurry up. The tiny tic in his eyelid and the set of his jaw told Sherlock that John was still in considerable pain, but far too stubborn to vocalise his discomfort.
John, with his newly found strength, walked back into the living room to find all of the papers strewn across the floor. He searched around the room until his eyes locked on the ham and cheese sandwich Mary had brought him last night sitting on the end table. John went over to it, finished the rest of it after the three bites he took last night, and then disposed of the plate in the sink.
It was probably all in my head, but that’s what it felt like, standing up there and being the best man at your wedding. When I gave you that ring and you smiled at me, it was like the confirmation of the vow that had slowly been forming in my head.
At that point, John lost his temper. “Get out! I want you out of here!” Mrs. Hudson huffed and moved to leave with her tea. “And leave the teapot!”
John put my face in my hands and sighed. ‘I should have been nicer to him. I shouldn’t have pushed him.’ Now there was nothing he could do. ‘I’ll just apologize whenever he gets home.’ John opened up his laptop again to take his mind off of the Sherlock incident. Sadly, the news story he read a little while later made everything so much worse.
“Jesus, John!” Mrs.Hudson burst into the room. For an older woman, she had a fair bit of energy.  “What could you possibly have done to that poor man?”
‘Why would she even want to hear what happened during my day,’ John thought to himself. ‘I’m probably nothing to her anyways. It’s not like I’m her husband or anything.’
That day two vows were made. One was between you and Mary, that you would be with each other and love each other until the end of your lives. The second one, which you may or may not have been aware of since this was somewhat all in my head, was between you and me. This vow basically stated that we would be best friends until the end of our lives.
John was so stunned by Molly’s sudden outburst dedicated to just him, that he completely forgot what he was going to say. He walked up to the podium, almost as if he was being controlled by a puppeteer. He got up and stared at the sea of forlorn faces. “Sherlock Holmes was one of the greatest people I ever had the pleasure of knowing. He was the best friend anyone could ever ask for. He often talked about himself, but with his deducing skills, he could tell if you were feeling down and was prepared to listen and give advice if needed. He was a great man and an even better friend.” John turned around to face Sherlock lying in his casket. “I’m really going to miss you, Sherlock. I really will.” That’s when John broke and began to cry.
“Well, then why didn’t you tell me that from the beginning?” John was starting to get worried. Sherlock was acting abnormal; a lot more abnormal than usual.
Mycroft cleared his throat and everyone turned his attention to him. He always looked composed, but today he looked like he could fall apart any moment.  “It’s always hard for those related to the loved ones by blood, and it’s especially hard when that same person you grew up with is the one that you’re tasked with burying.” Mycroft put up a hand to his mouth to stifle his tears. “Well, Sherl, I miss you a lot.” Mycroft turned back around to face the coffin. He placed a hand on the outside edge near Sherlock’s head. “You’re up there now with Redbeard. Give him a big hug for me.” Mycroft briskly walked away from the podium and out of the funeral house. Everyone in there could hear him crying from outside. Greg Lestrade got up out of his seat and went outside after his boyfriend. If anyone would be able to calm him down, it would be Lestrade.
Mrs. Hudson stalked over to the kitchen and set up a pot of tea. She started pacing from the stove to the fridge, which wasn’t so much as a pace, more like a long stride back and forth. “Oh don’t start with me. We both know that you had something to do with the way he left the building.”
Thank you for reading this story! It took longer than I had anticipated for it to be over, but we've reached the finale. Even though there was a very sad ending, there is a small glimmer of good news. If you enjoyed this story, there is going to be definitely one, possibly two stories that make up a series. Now, here me out. The next one will be a short Irene/Molly fic. I'm still debating about whether or not to do a Mycroft/Lestrade oneshot or not. Either way, keep a look out for both of them. Also, I promise that they will both have a happy ending.
He instantly knew who she was talking about, but John didn’t understand why she blamed him for Sherlock stomping out of the apartment building. “What do you mean? I didn’t do anything!”
Mary began to busy herself in the kitchen. “What do you want for dinner? I was thinking spaghetti and meatballs but I’m not too sure.”
I want you to know that what I did was a result of my own accord. After reading these letters I have left for you, you will probably blame yourself for my death. Do not do so, whatever you do. I want you to know that it is based on my own decisions and my own actions; you had nothing to do with this, I can promise you that right now.
It was then that he decided to tackle the mess Mary had left for him. He started shoving papers into the nearest folder. It didn’t matter which one it was, he would eventually organize them when he got the time. Once all of the papers were thrown into their temporary home, he placed the stack of them on top of the coffee table. He got up off of his hands and knees and was soon standing on his own two feet again.
“Tell me about it.” John went to speak again, but Mary continued. “I had an awful day too! It must just be the fact that it’s a Monday. Monday’s always suck.”
John could tell that Sherlock was the complete opposite of this. He was staring blankly at the wall. His words were so monotone, it didn't seem like they had even come from his mouth.
“All right,” John said in recognition. He hadn’t even looked up from his computer. screen “Where are you going?”
John was still scrolling through his blog, looking for a decent case, when he heard a knock on the door. He quickly whipped his head in it’s direction. A muffled voice came through from the other side of the door. “John? It’s Mrs. Hudson. Can you please let me in?”
Sherlock sighed, and stubbed out his dead cigarette in the egg-cup that he had been using as a makeshift ashtray. Their actual ashtray was in John’s room, and since it had been a present, it seemed a bit wrong to be filling it with ash and crumpled stubs, even if that was its sole purpose.
, Molly frantically thought to herself, her mind already spinning another fantasy, placing herself on her back with Sherlock kneeling between her spread legs, his eyes keen and penetrating, staring at her and planning his next move.
Sherlock glanced around, titillating himself with mini-deductions as he passed through the terracotta-coloured décor and dark gloom of the restaurant, eyeing the billowing candles that were clearly obtained from an inferior Turkish supplier, and the cutlery which had only been through a sub-par dishwasher fifteen minutes ago after the first wash had proved ineffectual. The reason the dishwasher was sub-par was because the owner, recently going through a bitter divorce judging by the arrangement of the tables, hadn't been able to-
"What- Sherlock, that's not it at all." John stressed, anger suddenly wilting in the face of Sherlock's argument which, if taken at face value, meant he’d hurt his boyfriend, made him feel unwanted. "You still...uh...fulfil me."
Sherlock grinned, his pale face creasing in a sweet visage of joy. "...Can we, um...you can undress me." he offered, taking John's fingers and placing them on his shirt buttons, nudging them encouragingly.
We love writing smut and apparently lying to our readers- this isn't the last chapter. Lol. There will be a brief epilogue after this. :) Thanks for reading!!
"Oh fuck. F-fuck, J-John!" Shaun’s body writhed under his lover’s ministrations and John reached around to feel at his cock, unsurprised to find it hard and leaking already. Shaun tried to hump into his hand but John took it away, denying him that friction, and rocked his fingers in and out of his arse, getting him loose for what was to come.
There was a thoughtful silence, as a sticky breeze sluggishly pushed through the open window, bringing with it the taste of cars and heat and exhausted energy.
"Thankyousomuch." Sherlock muttered, still wheezing. He placed shaky, sweaty fingertips on John's face and attempted to pull him closer for a kiss, but John resisted and it was only when Sherlock tasted the next fresh bout of blood that he realised why. John shook his head, grabbing at a nearby box of tissues and using a few to staunch the blood trickling from Sherlock's lip.
, now. Don't you, daddy? I declare, how interesting! No wonder you're a private detective, Sherlock. Such knowledge. Simply amazing."
“You’re an idiot.” Sherlock yanked the sheet music from her hands and flounced over to the sofa, promptly throwing himself down, covering his face with the scribbled papers, and folding his arms resolutely. “By the way, don’t move that bowl, there’s a poison-dart frog underneath it,” came his muffled instruction. “
"...Oh...god." John rasped, fighting to maintain his fantasy, that of a man who wasn't going to reject him because of his injury. Kaleidoscopic images of Shaun's body, his sweet grin, his openly-unimpressed grimace at John's handicap as he stared at John's cane, forced themselves into his mind's eye. He sobbed as his erection wilted, and stinging, unwanted tears endeavoured to release themselves from his eyes.
"Makes me happy to see you smile," John said, with a warm grin, looking up at his lover, who had slowly, gently lowered himself to lie upon the smaller man. John was about to say 'after earlier,’ but decided not to bring it up and ruin the moment. Sherlock, of course, still saw the brief darkness clouding his doctor's expression.
"Melanie...friend of Harry's?" Sherlock finally guessed, eyes riveted to where John's hand was still continuing its lazy stroking, inches from his tightly drawn sac.
with your cuffs. They're exactly where they're supposed to be. Stop it." Sherlock slapped John's hands away from adjusting his cuffs for the umpteenth time that evening, gazing approvingly at his boyfriend. The new tuxedo fit like a glove to John's body, hugging his shoulders and emphasizing his waist. Sherlock had made the correct plan, forcing John to accompany him to the tailor's.
"I miss the work," he murmured, and John squeezed his knee.  "…John, you know...it'll be easier for you if you leave now. You know...permanently. And you won't have the burden of further...worry, and grief, and...stuff," Sherlock shrugged, before wincing and grunting loudly in pain at the movement.
"No offence, but...do you think they even noticed us coming in, let alone leaving?" Sherlock stoically swallowed down a loud gasp, respecting John's wishes for a rapid climax, even as his own hyper-active imagination delivered violently vivid images of the various orgasms he might wring from his lover.
Sherlock paused for a moment, though it was short-lived and barely enough time for John to get full composure, “Painful?” Sherlock asked, though the way he said it implied he already knew the answer, and he moved his fingers down John’s shoulder blade.
"A date? A favourite date?...I quite like the fourteenth of May. It was a very bright, sunny Spring day, remember? Which, in accordance with most British people's opinions, is an enjoyable thing. For ridiculous reasons, though. Too few people are aware that sunlight is an excellent source of Vitamin D and there was exceptional exposure that day. We solved the blue-ringed octopus venom double murder on that day…" Sherlock sighed happily, reminiscing. "Not to mention that the first smallpox vaccination was administered by Edward Jenner that day in 1796…and in 2012 Stanford University scientists developed a prototype bionic eye…So yes. May fourteenth. A good date."
“If you want to play, you’ve got to pay,” Sherlock’s deep voice sounded through the crackly wire. His tone was still flirty, but there was an insistence to his words.
"I’m pretty sure everyone knows what we’ve been doing in here. Just…choose a different place. Something not....obvious. Other people aren't...always nice, Sherlock. And they're really
John looked self-conscious, as if he expected Sherlock to sneer at his present or say something rude. He twirled the flower in his hands, eyes locked on it and not Sherlock. "I wanted to apologize...properly and all that. And I thought..." He trailed off, sighing, and wordlessly handed the rose to Sherlock, lips thinned down and obviously expecting scathing rejection.
Shaun's Facebook password was highly unimaginative and in less than a minute Sherlock was in his private pages, opening up his full contact list and scanning his chats.
"Hypothetical...are you serious?" he snorted, bringing his drink to his lips only to realise it was empty. He chuckled again and put the empty glass on the bar.
"It's all an act," John said, needing to make that known. The Sherlock he knew was blushing and awkward and innocent. Not a...not a street-walking prostitute who knew his way around a cock.
Heaving a sigh, Sherlock pulled the sheet tighter around his shoulders as he leaned forward, scrolling through his three page list. What would be the best tactic today? He knew that it had been two days since John had ejaculated, so his libido would be higher than normal. It would take approximately seven minutes for him to reach full erection once he was introduced to stimulus. Four if it was a surprise introduction.
"Hello, Molly. Congratulations. Before you were burdened with another human parasitising your womb, how heavy and regular was your flow?"
John let out a small choking sound, watching as Sherlock near enough fisted himself. He put his hands on the detective's thighs and spread them, getting a better look at his flushed cock.
of that is right." John finally spluttered, stepping further into the room and walking around the bed to be in Sherlock's line of sight. "I mean, yes, I did think you were asexual but that's just because...well, you've never shown any interest-"
"...I...um...yes..." Sherlock nibbled his bottom lip and squeezed John's hand tightly, bringing it to his lips and pressing a couple of gentlemanly smooches there before releasing it. He inhaled deeply, steadying himself, and, determined to be brave, led John into the over-priced Korean restaurant.
Mrs. Hudson made a tsk tsk noise. “There’s your first problem. You never ask if he’s okay. You just leave him be.”
Mary tilted it to her in order to see it better. She placed a trembling hand to her mouth and then used it to wipe away the tears streaming down her face. The news story was the worst thing the Watsons’ could ever read; Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective, commits suicide.
However, it also made me realize that it would be pretty hard for me to confess this all to you when I had a very difficult time talking about my feelings. I have a habit of keeping things to myself, which isn’t safe for they end up festering.
However, there was only one pair of socks and a very old looking box. John placed the shirt back on top of the dresser and picked up the box. He carried it over to the bed. John opened up the box. Inscribed on the top, in Sherlock’s handwriting, it read…
“That’s fine,” John responded, half paying attention. He was back on his laptop, looking for new cases and news stories. John refreshed the page and he came to a page displaying the two words, breaking news. Intrigued, John clicked the hyperlink, causing him to be directed to a brand new page. Clicking on this news story became John’s worst nightmare. He read the title of the article and was startled so much that his laptop crashed to the ground.
“John, I can’t stand seeing you like this.” Mary began pacing the floor. “You need to get up and do something. I can’t stand you just sitting around doing nothing. Try and do something to get your mind off of it.” Mary stopped for a moment to think and then the perfect plan got into her head. “I’ve got it! At the wake, Molly stated something about you being the only one allowed in Sherlock’s room. Why don’t you clean it out? It might not get your mind off of the situation right now, but it will in the long run?” John just shrugged his shoulders. Mary let out an exasperated sigh that could be considered an inhuman growl. “John! Go clean up Sherlock’s room! That is an order! I am going to work and by the time I get back, that room better be spotless, do you hear me?” John nodded, but his eyes began to glitter with tears. Mary walked over to where her purse was lying next to the door. “And start with all of those papers!” She opened the door, walked out and slammed it.
A ring interrupted him. His eyes located John's phone, and he quickly grabbed it before it could ring again and possibly wake John up. He answered it in a hushed but forceful tone.
"Sherlock..." John let out a shaky breath. "You can't ever do that again. No matter what. Not even if there's another Moriarty, not even if I'm in danger again. You have to trust me, and let me in, do you understand? You have to let me decide for myself what I can and can't handle. Because I can handle many things, but something I cannot handle is losing you again. That will kill me. It almost did already."
"Your heart rate started to increase.. And your pupils are dilated." Sherlock seem uncertain. John frowned at first, but sat up once he realized what was being implied. Sherlock's hand fell away from John and he shuffled back as John stood, scooping up his tea and beating a quick retreat to the stairs.
John watched her depart, heart thumping in a way he could feel. In his hand, he could feel his mobile vibrate with another text.
Sherlock clenched his jaw over the words that wanted to escape into the awful silence. They wouldn't help, but one phrase slipped out anyways.
"It was nothing, I just couldn't get it out of their hand fast enough, the gun was pointed away." He rubbed at Sherlock's back and arms reassuringly, trying to help him get his breathing back under control. He almost didn't notice the hand on his neck sliding around till Sherlock's fingers were pressed at his carotid artery.
He immediately slumped onto the couch. Almost as quickly he sprang back up. He started pacing, running his hands through his hair, mumbling to himself. Nothing made sense.
"Yes Sherlock?" John answered quietly, his face tensing as his lips formed the name. "Did you forget your scarf again?"
John frowned and typed out a quick response and turned his phone off, pressing the button that would bring his next patient in.
But this. This was new. Even by Sherlock's standards. So yeah, maybe he had pushed the detective to this, drove him out of his comfort zone so much by being present physically but not emotionally, that the detective needed to reassure himself. By taking John's pulse. And kneeling by his chair with his forehead pressed into his arm.
When Sherlock stepped up to the front door of 221b Baker Street, he thought he knew what to expect. Mycroft had given him the files he had kept on one John Watson while Sherlock had been... Gone.
This was certainly not the John Watson he had expected to find. This is not even the John Watson Mycroft had warned him about.
"I want to listen to your resting heart rate." John blinked in surprise, a little wary of the easy answer. Sherlock began while he was still trying to respond and instead he let the moment pass, closing his eyes and relaxing as Sherlock pressed the stethoscope to different parts of his chest, listening with intrigue before returning to the spot over his heart.
"Could I, that is, I wonder. If I could take your pulse?" Sherlock finally managed. "I would like to see, ah, well. I- may I?"
Now the thief was waving a small pistol around threateningly and screaming threats and John didn't even have his Sig. John inched backwards, carefully moving along the length of the wall until he thought he was behind one of the large bushes that periodically lined the courtyard.
As Sherlock climbed the stairs, he thought on each of the many ways he had envisioned John to react. Anger, violence, depression, happiness. He had come up with every situation he could think of, then tailored the list down to what his John Watson would do, then augmented the list with what information his brother had gathered for him.
Sherlock finally crossed the room to his chair and sat in it, staring hard at John, fingers steepled. After an hour or so, John got up and went to the kitchen. Sherlock followed after, crowding behind John as he made a cup of tea. John ignored Sherlock completely, avoiding touching him and even looking at him in general now that he wasn't talking.
