He knows John is around somewhere. John has a sniper rifle trained on the flashlight and the signal is to fire wherever it’s pointed. It does nothing for the fear that doing this instills in his eldest, but he carries on.
Dean turns around, walking off. Killing the demon doesn’t serve a purpose, so Dean doesn’t care.
Castiel is unsure how long they stay that way, but their attention is stolen by the sound of an awkwardly placed fork sliding on an empty plate. They both look down at the empty dishes on the tray and Castiel gets up to take it from Dean’s lap. Dean hands it over, letting their hands brush together.
“I’m not a girl, Bobby,” he says, voice shaking. He turns around, eyes watery as he prepares for a look of confusion at best or a look of disgust from his second father. Bobby’s expression is unreadable. That makes him even more nervous.
“Yes,” Castiel responds. “Sam has told him that the Impala is yours. That she was in an accident and that you built her up from the ground completely. He’s told him that you’re the smartest person he’s ever known and that he’s never had a burger quite like the ones you’ve cooked.”
When he finds corpse number 167, he’s in a Wal-Mart. Dean had only gone in there for windshield washer fluid. A man parks his shopping cart next to the machine Dean is using at the self-checkout section. The cart is filled with household items and a 36 pack of beer with a little girl no older than ten hanging off the side. She clings onto one side of the cart with one hand and holds a packaged doll in another. Dean pays them no mind. He doesn’t register what the little girl says, at least not until he hears the man yell.
Huh. Okay. They’ll have to unpack that one later.
It’s taken Dean a very long time to resemble what he looked like before everything. As the weeks have turned into months, Dean has regained enough weight to shake the look of malnutrition and is mostly a recovering anemic. The light has returned to his eyes, even if his voice has not. It’s been slow progress and they’ve had their setbacks. They understand that Dean’s problem is at its core, an addiction. Castiel and Sam have watched him attempt to fill the subconscious want with everything from sweets and caffeine to the incessant picking at the scars on his arms. Castiel has since brought up healing Dean of the physical representations of the ache he carries with him, but Dean has never once consented to it.
“Dean,” Sam says, tugging at Dean’s shoulders. Dean is stiff underneath Sam’s hand. The angel’s face is still warm in Dean’s hand. Dean doesn’t respond to Sam. Dean can only hear the sound of the angel blade piercing through the angel’s torso. The piercing sound of the white light that pooled in his eyes, in his mouth, before the cosmic entity that the body housed dissipated and the body collapsed on the ground, a broken and empty husk. Dean hears it. And then he hears it again. Then again. And again.
“He’s tired right now, Jack,” Castiel says, looking down to give the little boy an apologetic smile, “he’s still not feeling well.”
Dean lets his eyes flutter closed as Castiel reaches over and ghosts a thumb across Dean’s cheek.
about doing anything about it. And dad just sat there, Sam!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam laughs and blocks at Dean’s hand. He’s been
“You know you have to go get him,” Bobby comments, digging through a book in front of him for any explanation for what may be kidnapping the kids.
“Dude, that’s awesome,” Dean says, “I’d tell everybody if my name was Cassidy.”
“We’ll throw you a birthday party, Dean,” Anna gives him another little grin before standing to go over and dig through the equipment bags for the bats and the balls.
Dean wasn’t going to phone this one in, but a familiar voice pops into his head. It tallies for him. 699.
Bobby refuses to back down. Enough that Dean begins to wonder if… Bobby’s not just fucking with him?
“Hello, Dean,” comes the smooth voice of his angel.
“Dean,” Sam and Mary say again, the relief in their voices is palpable.
“I’m an aquarius,” he confesses, tilting his head towards her.
(See the end of the chapter for
when he tells them it’s spelled with an ‘e’. English speakers understand it’s a hick name, despite his tan skin and non-white features.
But, for now, this was a start.
“I’m fine,” Dean says, his voice groggy with sleep. It’s the first thing Mary and Sam have heard him say in those two weeks. The words weigh Dean down. They were an exhausting task.
And why?
“I was unsure if this would be something you wanted, but Jack wanted to meet you,” Castiel says. Dean doesn’t move nor respond.
, like embarrassing 15 year olds. he’s taken cas to the movies, they’ve gone for walks at the mall. dean held cas’ hand under a tree and it was the most incredible thing in the world.
“sam’s in trouble,” dean says with a smile. cas’ eyes shoot open, but dean’s demeanour doesn’t change, instead he follows up with, “he.. broke his bathtub somehow.”
“Um, sure,” Cas says, looking around. He’s checking if anyone’s following them.
When he looks back, Castiel has disappeared.
Dean heads out for the night.
“i have a speech prepared for you,” cas says softly. his hands tap at dean’s stomach and dean brings up his own hands to cover them.
“With who?” Comes the response from beside him. He shudders at the feeling of a hand being put on his face. Dean’s eyes flutter open and he’s met with a familiar face. A set of blue eyes that Dean never got the chance to peer into. Dark, messy hair that Dean never got to fix or complain about. Castiel gives him a soft grin from above him. Dean’s hands reach up to hold the back of his shoulders, bringing Castiel as close as physically possible as the emotion rises from Dean’s chest and into his eyes again.
Dean and Anna look over this time, still nothing.
Eventually, as though by miracle alone, he gets it just right. He ties the belt around his arm and he leans his back against the headboard. He’s done this before, he reminds himself, as his hand shakily moves over where he can see the green of a vein poking through his pale skin. The needle goes in clean and Dean pushes down on the syringe, watching the blood as it gets injected into his own vein. He breathes deeply, reaching over to grab the second bottle. He gets the motions just right. And he pushes the needle through again.
“Oh, honey,” she says, putting a hand over her chest.
The remainder of the year took more out of him than what most people experienced in an entire lifetime. He found John, ultimately. He’d gotten back on the road with John after a yellow-eyed demon. He’d learned what demons were. He’d been
Dad’s said it, you’ve said it. ‘Your sister is more of a man than you about this.’” Sam finishes with a mockery of John’s voice.
He steps inside and follows Cas through the very well kept living room. By collegiate standards, the place was spotless.
“What the fuck do you mean?” Dean snaps back. A heavy weight sinks in his chest. “You asked for evil men, what the fuck is a vampire?”
She looks over from the screen of her phone at him. Her eyes are wide in genuine surprise. She didn’t even know that he
It occurs to him as he’s climbing the fourth set of stairs that not only is he out of shape, but also that he didn’t ask Cas what weapon he’d used to kill the demon. He never remembered his dad having anything demon-specific.
“Do you need any help? I’m good with lore… or a fight,” Dean says with the smile he’d use on a pretty girl. It’s his most convincing smile and he’d be lying if he said the thought of going on a hunt didn’t excite him.
She laughs again, “guess not.”
Sam figures that’s why sh-
“Dean!” Sam calls more weakly from the side of the room. Dean looks down by his free arm. Ruby’s knife all but smiles back at him. It’s a practised movement, something he and Sam have done thousands of times. Dean reaches for it and before Logan can do anything else, the knife’s in his chest and his eyes glow with a bright orange light before fading away completely. The body slumps against Dean and he shoves it away. It falls over beside Dean, completely devoid of anything.
“You gonna do something about that mess, girl?” Bobby’s voice comes from behind him.
“Dean, we have an issue upstairs,” Sam says. He’s referring to the son of Lucifer or whatever. Dean doesn’t care. And he doesn’t have it in him to look away, or to really know anything other than the body in front of him. Dean doesn’t notice when Sam decides to step away. Dean is still against the night air, his head cloudy with thoughts he’s keeping at bay like he’s a captain amidst a cruel storm at sea.
The track shifts and his mind wanders, following the melody of the violins that mean to encompass the sea in their notes. He thinks of the man he saw all those nights ago in a motel room in Arkansas. The broken man on his knees, staring up at Castiel through blackened eyes. He doesn’t know what any of that meant.
“What the hell, man? How long you been there?” Dean asks, pocketing his phone.
“Kind of you to grace us with your presence!”
Dean continues to heal as time goes by. He picks up an exercise regiment nearly as fierce as Sam’s that he juxtaposes with continuing to eat like a 16 year old boy. After nearly a year back, Dean looks like himself again, even if his voice has yet to return. Castiel finds himself a part of more conversations with him the more Dean begins to feel more comfortable in his own skin. It makes Castiel very happy. It also helps him deal with the waves of disorientation he experiences. Dean’s smile becomes the anchor that reminds Castiel that he’s really, truly out of the empty.
” He asks, feeling his heart break.
Now, a man who made it a point to assault a woman where she was unable to fight back and in fact legally obligated to
“A demon?” Dean echoes. He’d heard of his dad taking one on a while back. They were meant to be intense and here was this guy, nothing impressive physically, in this baby blue sweater that matched his eyes. Took one out without a sweat. Dean’s very impressed.
you. You wanted to be a serial killer? Look at you now. You’re all machine. More of this and we could have made you king.”
God makes a face implying He’s considering it. He paces near Dean as if in some complex thought.
“Neither of you should have to do anything for me,” Castiel assures them. He knows it's in vain, but he wants to tell them anyway. Sam turns to look at him.
“Dean,” Castiel says. HIs tone is soft, understanding. His heart is pounding in his ears.
“Sam says he’s brought someone to see you,” Castiel says. “I will be here to see whoever it is, but I thought you should know.”
Dean looks down for an entire second; and in this second his chest tightens a bit and he realizes that there’s only one way to move forward with this. He looks up again at the guy with a friendlier smile.
“Here,” God says, putting His hands out, “I’ll make our deal simpler. Monsters don’t count. You can’t cut a guy’s head off just because he’s a vampire and think that’s an immediate win. You do have to do some work for this one, Dean. I’m talking
Sam hasn’t seen his older sister in nearly seven years. He shouldn’t have this reaction to teasing and any reaction he does have should not be this violent. He’s twenty four for god’s sake. And yet, in a move his father made him practise nearly a million times, Sam grabs at his sister’s arm and slams her into the wall, positioning them so his arm is at her neck and had he a knife, he’d have it pressed to her throat.
The R&R continues for the next several days. The first three, Dean finds, are the worst. He spends most of them asleep, but when he does have to wake up and function, he’s so irritable it pisses himself off. Lights are too bright, things taste sharper than they should, and Dean goes through several moments where it feels like he’s watching himself do things. He hates it. By the fifth, he’s as close to normal as he can be. There’s an itch under his skin that he can’t scratch and he’s on edge the entire day. He spends most of it walking around the neighbourhood aimlessly. It’s the first complete day he has.
“I think I’ve seen you get drunk enough to be concerned if you’re nineteen,” she says with a knowing expression.
Dean watches him go, confused by the awkward introduction. “I’m Dean!” he calls back, nodding and winking at a different girl that also looked at him. He grabs his stuff and heads back to the table his friends are seated at.
He considers the thought, opting to wonder what colour his life would be tinted with, were lives tinted with colour. A green, perhaps. A green when he first came to Earth. A green that manifested when he first laid eyes on Dean Winchester in hell. A soft, unintrusive colour that Castiel never had a chance to question, because there is no colour in heaven.
“Oof,” God says, appearing to Dean in a flash, “I don’t think this one is gonna cut it, Deano.”
Castiel gives her a final smile and turns to leave, but she speaks again, “Cas, hold on.”
dean doesn’t hunt fulltime anymore. he’ll do an odd ghost job here and there, but mostly he mans the phones. he’s now FBI Supervisor Agent Harkness, police chief Richard Grayson, at cas’ request Texas Ranger Dean Swift, and at jack’s request Marlo Bridgers.it’s a living, he thinks. he still helps out other hunters and he passes off the bigger jobs to the younger people that’ve unfortunately ended up in the hunting life.
“Cas?”
They stick their tongues out at each other and John rolls his eyes, amused.
“Heya, handsome,” she says with a practised tone. She gives him a once over and frowns when she notes his boots are in his hands.
“Castiel,” Dean says, his voice hoarse from lack of use, but controlled. The word weighs on him physically and he’s exhausted himself mentally. He hasn’t said the name in over a year now. It rolls off his tongue as if he’d been saying it every day. And it cuts right through him as if Dean has been watching Castiel die every single day.
Cas frowns at the text he’s looking into and in the next second he looks up at Dean with a curious look and says, “did you know that the panopticon was not designed to—”
The barrel of the gun comes to rest on his lower lip, but ultimately doesn’t make it to the intended destination. His hand betrays him. He clicks the safety back on and jerks it away from himself violently. His balance is thrown off and he staggers backwards against the wooden gap between the two doors. He lets his feet give out beneath him and he slumps to the ground a defeated mess.
“Peachy. I ditched math and have a headache,” Dean says, sitting up. She sits down with him.
A gunshot rings through the night and the werewolf collapses right on top of him. He screams again as his whole body convulses under the weight. It’s shifted off of him nearly immediately and John’s voice comes through the darkness softly.
And then God abandons him.
“So, how’s your final project coming?” Anna asks as she takes a sip of her black iced coffee like its water.
of the house, so it’s even more fitting that he be called a whiny gay boy.
The water, despite the steam rising out of it, is heavenly on his skin. It feels like the water’s seeping through his pores, soothing him from the inside out. He rests his head against the edge of the tub and lets his eyes shut for a moment. Just a moment.
make his older sister decide to live the rest of her life as a
and shows up nearly seven years later and drops the little bombshell of their dad’s death nearly a year late? And it’s
“Easy, darlin’,'' Dean responds. He hasn’t said more than a few sentences in years. The sound of his own voice nearly surprises him. The words are heavy and his voice is hoarse from lack of use, but he’s going to pull it off. “Just got off work and i just need somethin’ to take the edge off.”
Sam looks over at Jess, because she’s stepped into the room again. She crosses and goes to sit at the couch across from Sam and Dean. Sam takes a deep breath. He hates Dean for putting him into this position.
“Oh, give the man a break. He’s clearly hungover!” The other, a boy with light brown hair at about his shoulders and striking grey eyes yells, laughing at Dean’s discomfort.
He’s had his first kiss already and he’s made out with a boy more than once, but this is new. The waiter asks if he wants to get into the backseat of the 1986 Ford Thunderbird the waiter drives and while it isn’t exactly the way he dreamed it, it’s enough that it lets him forget the turmoil he lives with on a regular basis.
He adjusts himself again, his head leaning on the car door.
Dean shakes his head, “Don’t get me wrong, I love the woman, but you can’t date someone you’re too close with.”
“Well?” Sam asks, taking a seat on the couch. Dean sits on the same one, but at the other end.
Bobby has this way about him, where he keeps the absolute dead serious look on his face when he’s absolutely fucking with Dean. Dean’s sure of this when Bobby says, “you don’t know me, boy. Maybe I did have a brother who couldn’t handle it when I told him I was gay and he ain’t with us no more.”
“We gave you a hunter’s funeral…” Dean looks at him, asking for an explanation with his expression.
The smile never leaves His face, it reaches His eyes.
Sam is at his side, crouched down by him. Dean looks at him, but doesn’t really see him. Sam’s mouth opens and Dean is sure there are concerns, but he can’t hear them, not really. Sam is crouched beside him and he is a thousand miles away. When Sam is done trying, he has to physically prop Dean up in a sitting position. Dean is loose under his grasp.
“What?
It takes Dean a week to get around to showing up at Cas’ place. He’s not entirely sure why it took him that long, or he does, and he just doesn’t want to talk about it. He’s been thinking about Lot A for the past week, going as far as missing an assignment that was due because he’d spend more time researching demons. He calculated his grade and he’ll be fine, but he really hasn’t stopped thinking about demons and the way Cas looked when the demon fell to the ground.
Give it your best shot.”
his daughter.
That doesn’t surprise Dean and he more or less had already assumed. It’s why he kept to himself outside of his work. Not that anything that wasn’t his work interested him now.
Outside, Logan is waiting for him with a series of foods that range from oatmeal to a breakfast sandwich from a diner. The demon sits at the only chair in the room and gestures to the potential breakfast foods on the little table in front of him.
“You shut up!” Sam says before vanishing.
“Does it ever bother you?” he asks out of nowhere. He doesn’t look up at Sam from his spot on the bed. Sam looks up from the book he’s reading for school.
“Not great. I don’t know what stupid ancient language is interesting enough to warrant eight pages of writing,” Dean says, stuffing another one of Zach’s potato chips in his mouth.
Momentarily, Dean is reminded of a little boy that he knows of, one who would get taken on liquor store errands and would get shoved out doors by cases of beer after being yelled at about candy bars. That little boy’s grown up now, Dean remembers. He goes over and picks up the doll from underneath the snack racks. It takes him a second to pay for it and he’s out the door, calling after them.
“You should eat something,” comes the demon’s unnervingly soft voice after a few seconds of silence.
“for everything, man,” sam has this look on his face like he’s going to cry, “you raised me. you were always there for me. im thirty eight, nearly sixteen years overdue if you hadn’t sold your soul to save me. i’m who i am because of you, and i like to think i’m in pretty good shape. and you, dean. i’m so proud of you. you’re the strongest person i’ve ever met. and i love you, and i’m happy that it was you that i got to have be my big brother.”
“and those were just the first times,” sam says with an incredulous laugh.
And they sit together.
Dean simply nods.
“Please, let me go,” she says, her tone no longer upset. She’s scared now. Dean forces back a grin. He’s surely got their attention now.
“You don’t think I’m nineteen?” Dean asks, giving her a faux offended expression.
“I haven’t seen you in seven years. What the hell happened?” Sam asks again.
“Are you sure everything’s okay, Sam?” she’s eyeing him cautiously.
fine.”
“I wanted you to be king,” Logan breathes, mouth open. His breathing is slowing. He says again, “I was going to take you to hell,” he pauses to take a shallow breath. He finishes, “and make you king.”
“We should take him to a hospital,” Mary tries.
Dean stumbles, falling to his knees beside the dirty bathtub. He pants, getting his bearings again before he reaches for the water knobs and runs himself the most scalding bath imaginable given he can’t bring himself to reach out all the way and reach the cold water knob for longer than a couple of seconds. His arms ache to maneuver around himself and completely strip, but he manages. Then, with an ungraceful movement and a final gust of strength he hauls himself upward and falls into the tub. Water splashes violently around him and creates a thin layer of water on the tile outside, but he’s not particularly bothered by that.
“cas,” dean asks, in completely disbelief, “where did you get these?”
He’s sitting in a chair, a fishing pole in hand with a still calmness that Dean hasn’t felt in a long time. He breathes deep through his nose and watches, amazed at the beauty of the lake before him. A sense of peace flows through him as he hears the flutter of wings. Dean grins.
“Y-yeah,” the guy says with a shaky laugh, “what’s uh, your name— your friend’s name?”
“Qué tienes, mijo?” it comes out instinctively. Sam’s used to being called his son by now. Not just as a term of endearment, but also by teachers and medical professionals who assume that the brown girl that shows up to collect Sam has to be his too-young mother.
Sam turns to look out his side window, ignoring his older brother who in turn, looks out of his own window. The sun’s beginning to set outside of the Impala as it speeds down the road. There’s enough light that he gets a better look at his own reflection than the outside.
“Are you… okay?” Sam finally asks, after a second. Dean is very obviously hurt. Something inside Sam wants to ache for John, but he hasn’t seen the man in nearly seven years either. The bitter memory of being told to never come back sits at the back of his mind and takes a step to the forefront as he tries to envision his father selling his soul for one of his children.
Is the only thing he can think as he pulls back. Did something happen? And what in the righteous hell would
Dean raises his fists, ready to go another round with whatever the hell she is when he watches a blade come through her stomach. He watches red lights flash in her eyes and her mouth before the blade is removed and standing in her place is… that guy.
God chuckles and sticks His hands in the pockets of His jeans. He walks around, past Dean, and over to the body.
Castiel shuts his eyes for a moment as the song switches. The next words come to him slowly in French and he looks over in the distance at the remainder of the empty path he sits at. His eyes open and he smiles slightly, listening as Edith Piaf describes the nature of love. He wonders what life would be like, were it tinted pink.
Dean’s head shoots up. In the doorway now stands the reason for all of this. The man Dean owes a debt to. A debt he supposes is now paid.
“Perfect. I’ll rush up, get this book from that asshole Belham, head over to my own class so I don’t fail this open book test, and I’ll be back here before you know it. Sound good?” Dean leans forward.
At twenty five, he gets caught with a girl. He doesn’t get caught
“Oh, right. Didn’t know you lost your brother-card after seven years. What are you, a parking ticket?” Bobby snaps back without hesitation and without looking up at Dean. He flips a page of the book.
Things reach a breaking point when they find reports of kids going missing. Well, kids, to Bobby, and hell, to Dean, too. Dean is twenty eight now. The kids going missing are twenty four. There’s weird stuff happening in the lives of the kids, enough that the trail that traces back to a fire in Lawrence, Kansas isn’t so much speculation as it is another lead. They’re all the same age as Sam. They all had weird things happen within six months of being born. Sam fits all of the criteria.
goddamn hungry, though. So, thank you for that. You’ve got a ridiculously crazy eye for finding creepy guys.”
“Yes, sir!” Dean calls back, never one to back down from a challenge, despite it making his head feel like it was going to explode. He starts crossing the field, praying that the universe grants him a mercy and his coach will stop screaming.
Castiel and Mary jerk their heads in Sam’s direction. Sam shakes his head, indicating it wasn’t him. And then the three of them are running at full speed down the hall and toward the room Dean was restrained in. They barge in with Castiel at the rear. Jack follows behind them, unsure of what the ruckus is all about.
Sam’s just inside the motel room; John is out on a hunt. The waiter boy tastes like cigarettes and he gets a yelp in response when his hands go, well, everywhere. This hasn’t exactly happened before.
“He uh,” Dean says with hesitation. His eyes flicker to Jess and Sam takes a deep breath.
When Castiel next sees Dean, it’s been a couple of days. He’s still lying in the bed. He’s awake, but he can’t move at all without any help. His head is turned, facing away from the door. Castiel steps through, Jack is holding his hand behind him.
And then he’s on the road again. He goes through town after town, trying to find something using the hunting method. Eventually that gets him nowhere. He finds leads for shifters, for werewolves, for a rugaru. Nothing that will help him on his quest for l—
“shit,” dean laughs with him, “yeah.”
“I know,” Dean says, not looking up at the man as he holds the doll out further. The adrenaline of the moment is catching up to him, alleviating the exhaustion that comes from speaking. The little girl stares up at Dean, her eyes still filled with fear. Dean’s smile becomes a grin as he says, “go on. It’s for you.”
“well, it’s kinda creepy that you existed for a second at different points in my life, but i love it, jack. a walk down memory lane, shit and all. i love it, thank you, son” and he leans down to press a kiss against the top of jack’s head.
He goes for a moment. And then, the man calls for him.
Dean’s stare is intense, begging a single question. A question the both of them know the answer to.
“Do you have a better suggestion? I’m personally opposed to potentially being spotted carrying a woman that will be found dead tomorrow,” Cas says with a frown.
“Hey,” John snaps from the driver’s seat, eyes in the rearview mirror meeting green, “Deanna, you be nice to your brother. He’ll be out there shooting with you soon enough.”
And, when Dean needs her to, she’ll lure out an evil man. Not exactly family friendly, but they’re not actually family. But, now? Now, she’s not of much use, despite being a decent kid.
Dean stumbles into the motel again, his head throbbing. There’s an angry demon waiting for him inside.
“I’m fine,” Emily says with a dismissive hand gesture. She’s been through this enough to know the look of concern that Dean is giving her is genuine. “I was
The man laughs at this, relaxing at Dean’s words, “yeah, well. Sometimes that’s for the best. Sometimes the ex-wife is a good for nothing slut that leaves you with the package for the weekend when she goes to whore out with her friends.”
They stand in the prison kitchen, a getaway ready for him outside. Bobby’s already waiting.
Castiel continues, “he’s heard a lot about you. We’ve told him how you’re one of the strongest men we know. He thinks you’re very brave.”
He fishes his wallet out of his pocket and counts out a couple hundred dollars before grabbing his boots. He nods to himself as he approaches the one who seems the most skittish. She’s backing up from a car that had slowed down on the street when Dean approaches her.
thank you to everyone who gave this a chance! here's another chapter with some fun bits, i think.
“That’s it,” Dean breathes out, ignoring Sam. He awkwardly shifts so he’s on his knees in front of the corpse. His voice is hoarse despite it breaking. “That’s a thousand,” he breathes again, desperate. He hunches over the corpse, a broken display of faith. “You said no monsters, but, that’s a thousand,” Dean says again. He’s begging. It’s a prayer. He craves the praise, the hand of divinity telling him he’s good. He’s so good. He’s so close.
Dean takes a deep breath and Sam gets up to sit at the edge of Dean’s bed. He puts a hand on Dean’s arm and says, “thanks. I— I do appreciate this. A lot. I’m proud of you. And I’m glad you’re doing great out here. I think it’s what mom would have wanted for us.”
Something in the water splashes and Dean turns away.
Dean ducks his head fully down. He doesn’t get to think of anything else, because Sam speaks again.
“Hmm?” Dean calls back out.
Dean grins and tips an imaginary hat to her. She laughs.
“right,” dean says, a grin on his face that he looks up and notices that cas shares.
Dean laughs at that. It’s a short, breathy thing, but it makes her look up at him again. She watches him as he reaches over and turns the lamp on the table between them off. He gets into the covers properly and turns his back to her.
“Definitely poverty,” Dean says with another shrug, “I also am not a huge fan of gifts. It’s a combination of things.”
Sam begins connecting the dots. It wasn’t a disguise… it was a completely new identity. And
“Not really, just more stuff on the lore,” Dean responds with a nod. He holds out his donuts and gives Cas another grin.
“Hey, I know you,” Dean says curiously, “you’re the guy getting off on eavesdropping.”
It’s a rush, it’s something he decides he needs to do immediately. It’s a solution, the easiest solution. He reaches into the glovebox and pulls the handgun he keeps in there. He walks back to the doors and holds the gun in his hand. He clicks the safety off and his hands shake as he lets his mouth fall open just enough.
Sam turns so his brother can see the smile on his face, “we’re good, dude. You know I love you, right? Like, even though you’re terrible, you’re ugly, you make fun of me, and I’m smarter— ”
“I would appreciate that,” Cas says, his expression unchanging. This guy doesn’t smile ever, apparently.
“He’s still breathing,” Sam says, walking up to them. He’s got a set of mugs in his hands and gives Castiel an apologetic look as he hands his mother one, he’s apologizing for not having another mug of whatever hot beverage. Castiel gives him a dismissive hand gesture.
“Callate, chamaco,” he snaps at Sam with no venom in his tone, “go. Before dad wakes up and decides to chain you to a bed.”
“Ew, what the fuck!” she says, pushing at Dean at an angle. He moves over with the force in her push and he reaches for her arm. He catches her wrist and she tries pulling away to no avail.
“You’re going to get yourself killed or worse, caught,” Logan says, the irritation in his tone audible. Dean pays it absolutely no mind. He takes a deep breath and gets up and fishes his gun out of the duffel, slipping it in the back of his waistband followed by the series of knives he likes to keep on his person when hunting.
The snapping of another pile of twigs and leaves shakes him from the hole he was falling into. He looks back at this other guy who’s stepped outside. He’s got dark hair and his entire aesthetic seems to match Dean’s own bass pro shop wardrobe. The flannel he wears is bright red and his hair is a jet black mess, but it looks like it's styled that way on purpose. An unlit cigarette hangs from his slightly open mouth.
Dean doesn’t have an answer for her. He just gets in the passenger seat.
Dean grins and takes a seat on the bench. Sam stands outside the dugout, leaning on the edge.
“Keep it up, kid. You think you’re hot stuff right now that you’re young. All of these boys right here, they’re gonna end up in the MLB. You know what that stands for?”
His dream that night is at a lake.
The end of practise brings more talk of upcoming projects, dinner plans, and someone else trying and failing to hit on Anna to the amusement of the rest of the team. Dean bids his goodbyes and makes his way back home. It’s not that long a walk, but he still takes a break getting himself dinner for later. He gets back to his apartment and jumps in the shower before getting the books he’d need out.
“What?” is the raspy response John gets. “What the hell do you
A few moments pass and the tension mostly alleviates. There’s concern on Dean’s face when he looks over at Sam and he asks, “Do we… have a problem? Are we good?”
“Deanna!” John calls from the counter. A curse and a blessing.
He’s twelve years old. He’s gotten into the habit of teasing his little brother. Sam is afraid of
He finally asks.
“Dean!” Sam calls, following Dean down the front yard and onto the street. Dean doesn’t pay him any attention. He sees the impala’s shine under the moonlight in the distance, he focuses on that.
Dean takes a deep breath. The feeling of God’s hand on the side of his face is tingly in the wake of the second wave of energy Dean managed to catch. The second he picks up his boots from the ground, the exhaustion comes back to him. He makes his way down the alley, coming out on a different road, one closer to the neon encrusted temples in the distance. There’s more traffic on this street. Dean gets lost in the crowds.
“Not long. I didn’t hear any of your phone call, I promise.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam says with a nod, “Dean is… you see why I’ve never talked about him.”
“I take it you were a hunter? Before this? Might not change you at all, come to think of it,” Emily adds.
“Alright. That makes 769. And don’t think I don’t know about the performance enhancer,” God says, looking down at Dean with a stern look. Dean doesn’t react, but He acts like Dean had when He holds his hands out in surrender. “But, it’s fine, I’ll allow it. You’re putting the legwork into finding the guys this time. Whether you can get the job done or not is your problem.”
He freezes.
"Oh I see, like me
which reminds me. Jack, we need to have a serious conversation" Cas says calmly, folding his hands on the table, looking to Dean to make sure he understands.
So he takes a deep breath.
And it’s not like Dean doesn’t want to talk about it,
So Dean jogs, over stopping next to Cas, who was lightly laughing along with Jason and Molly. Jason hands him a bottle, an honest-to-god glass bottle of Coke. They probably had to buy hundreds of these, must have cost a fortune.
extensive house tour, without a single
“Yeah that’s a little high. We should change him into something lighter, see if that cools him down a bit? Then if not we can give him some baby Motrin, and go from there?” Dean suggests.
But when he’s standing in front of you in a rumpled, purple sweater, a pair of sweatpants, and his dorky bee pun socks, of all things, it’s kinda hard
Not bothering with the light, he quickly crosses the room, and bends down. He cradles the tiny body against his chest, and glances up at the clock on the wall, cursing to himself.
didn't miss the way she emphasized husband.
"I’m sorry, crying over so damn hunt. God I’m pathetic, yo-.Cas, you
"Time to schmooze with the capitalists" Dean whispers to Cas, earning an elbow jab to the rib, but when he looks over, he sees amusement in Cas' eyes.
Yup, this was
So Dean glares at scratches in table, while he works on forcing all of the crap back down into the pit of his stomach where it belongs. Like he always does. Totally normal.
Neither of them took notice of the lights above them as their anger bubbled over.
Jack shuffles behind Dean’s leg letting out a little giggle.
Cas is so overcome by emotion that he doesn’t register his mouth is moving.
given the situation" Cas starts, anxiously pulling at his sweater.
but we call it 'Barbeque Bonfire Night', to piss off Amanda, Bill, and their groupies. You're lucky you moved in the year we got stuck hosting, or else you'd be sipping wine to Chopin in Amanda's backyard" Jason winks.
" Cas smiled back, and Dean's stomach
A tense silence fell over them, the only sound was Jack babbling to himself on the other side of the room. Dean wanted to say something, wanted to say he
, he was
That seemed to relax him as he let out a sigh, and giving Dean a small smile.
His gaze travels back down to Jack, watching the slow rise and fall of his chest.
know you would have. You taught me to get the job done, find a different way, no matter the cost, we always find a way. That’s
" Cas smiles, proud of his little joke.
above them casts a glow all around him.
And it happens so fast Dean almost misses it.
start" Dean sighs as he slumps down on the couch, placing Jack next to him. He leans forward bracing his arms on his knees when he spots something on the floor. Then he's off the couch peering under the couch on his knees, Jack scrambling down to copy him.
ever since Sam brought up the case yesterday. Something itching in the back of his mind. He's of course been trying to ignore it, but now that he's reading over the case it's getting stronger, making his stomach twist in a way he definitely
" attitude, probably isn't helping.
It’s just a piece of fabric. It’s just a word.
Who the hell did Cas think he was slamming Baby’s door, thinking
miscommunication on Sam’s end
Thank you for reading!!!
bother us again. Oh and I'm sorry, but we really better get going. It's almost Jack's bedtime. Thank you for everything" Cas explains with a smile, shooting a look at Dean.
The flames burned, spreading like wildfire. Dean saw red.
His eyes snapped back up to Cas, noting the fear dancing behind his eyes.
Dean was pretty sure he could get it out of him, if he sparked a casual conversation, Cas would spill like he always does.
The first day of the drive passed too slow in Dean's opinion.
"Yeah but that fire-"
Even though he’s been back for months, Cas has never had to raise a baby before, and he’s gotten used to the routine with no unexpected surprises. Dean’s terrified, but he can’t imagine what Cas is feeling.
"Hello! I'm seeing frowns which is never a sign of a good party!" A shrill voice calls, which earns a groan from the group.
about it, things are awkward enough between them, but it's not exactly an
And the next thing Dean knew, Cas’ lips were on his, hands cupping his face. Dean quickly wrapped his arms around his waist, deepening the kiss, as they exchanged whispered I love you’s.
Dean resists the urge to roll his eyes, but with a squeeze on his side from Cas, he's reaching out his hand to shake theirs'.
Dean was wrong.
"Oh speaking of, you're both invited! It's a giant barbeque at our house, the entire neighborhood is attending" Molly smiles cutting in.
of it was too much. Dean needed to go.
-” Dean pleaded desperately.
“Hello Dean, you haven’t happened to see our son anywhere, have you?” Cas asks dramatically, making his presence known.
, I know is a little overkill, but I wanted you to know all of it. I tried to be as detailed as I could, so you could read it when you came back-but I’m sure I forgot some things”.
what he wants. Simply because,
His eyes slowly pan up to Dean, filled with confusion.
He watches as he softly places his hand on Jack’s forehead.
He gently places the car seat on the hood, holding it with one hand just in case. He smooths the blanket down, pulling it off Jack’s fac-
So Dean scoops him, placing him in the little booster seat at the kitchen table, sitting Bun on top of the table of course. He makes quick work of cutting up pancakes for Jack, and placing them, and his Pooh cup in front of him.
. They’re still fresh in his mind as if they happened a few days ago, the feeling of fear still fresh. Even though he’s come so
different size bounce houses,
send Dean's heart racing even faster.
control it.
Dean has to fix this.
"Dean, I still think this is reckless" Cas sighs and Dean turns back, finding his eyes trained on him, filled with worry.
, in Dean's opinion.
It was an incredible burden to place on his shoulders, especially when Dean is already weighed down by so much.
It was supposed to be a
stop it.
Which is
It’s like there’s always something looming over them, just waiting to crush them.
"Yeah, this was a killer party. So great to meet you guys, hope we see you all soon!" Dean says plastering on a smile despite his bubbling anger.
"Yeah can't argue with that" Dean grits out, still fuming from Bill's words and Amanda's stupid smirk.
Cas’ mind races.
proud of you” Cas whispers, thumbs wiping away stray tears Dean hadn’t realized were falling. It pulls a watery laugh from his chest.
more stu-
do” Cas accused taking a step forward.
This isn't a
He doesn't
carefully choosing each song, hoping that Cas would get the message. Praying
Cas doesn’t understand,
“Really? So almost getting
, I’ve loved you for so long and I-”
And Dean's pretty sure his heart is gonna burst through his chest because Cas' heart eyes look pretty damn
He gasps, head snapping up.
”? Cas asked, amusement glinting in his eyes.
So Dean sighs running his hands through his hair as he racked his mind for what he'd have to pack. On autopilot he began grabbing his clothes and usual crap, shoving it into his bag. As he zipped it up, his eyes landed on a box in the top of his closet.
pick what my job is then" Cas smiled softly, either not noticing Dean's panic or clearly ignoring it. Dean was grateful for either option.
kind of scared. And he-
Cas' voice snaps him from his thoughts and successfully gets his heart rate going again.
"Dean, can I talk to you for a moment?" Cas whispers.
"Alright perfect! I'll call the real estate agent, about setting up a house tour, you guys start packing? And oh, don't forget to think of your backstory so you're both on the same page! We can leave in the morning" Sam said with a too wide smile, as he pushed himself out of his chair. Sam stopped for a moment, giving him a look that Dean
about it like this. Well, Dean knew they'd maybe have to
"Well, we
thing.
Dean is in the middle of a story about Sam’s failed first attempt at the “baby nightshift”, when an alarm blares on his phone. So they make their way, to Jack’s room, together.
Right, Dean
the sting of the cold night air,
He takes a deep breath.
"Thank you, good morning" Cas says after another sip of his coffee, his voice still thick with sleep.
He took another sip. Then another.
“-We aren’t talking about the dumb shit
“Yeah- I uh, well I actually listened to it a couple times-
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Dean questions grabbing his shoulder to spin him around.
Okay what the hell is going on.
All he's done is open his
feeling about this house, what do ya think sweetheart?" Dean smiled sweetly, as he places Jack back on his hip trying not to think about how
what he heard.
kitchen. Sam and Eileen won't come stumbling in, it's just them.
of receiving love.”
Cas reached into his pocket, and with a shaky hand, held out a tape.
So Dean quickly grabbed his keys and slipped out the door.
“Ya know what? Angel or no angel it,
anything yet and he's alre-
"Capeesh!" Jack promises and Dean can't help but smile. So reluctantly, he presses a kiss to Jack's hair, and gently nudges him towards the other kids, watching as he runs away laughing.
Dean’s foot finds the break. The air rips from his lungs, as his hands grip the wheel, knuckles turning white.
"Well Squish, we're off to a
it’ll blast you back to the beginning of time, capiche?”
"I agree, good for the
like he doesn't care, like he isn't always one step away from a breakdown whenever Cas looks at him.
"Dean I just wanted to talk before we went over to the house. I know you've been avoiding me- which is
“Mom just really liked the name. Dad begged her to give me something else,” Sam says with a laugh as he turns to stuff socks into the bag. He hates lying to her. He hates having to exist as this person.
evil men.”
Dean shakes his head.
“Wow,” God says. He stands a few feet away from Dean, curious.
“Great play. Dad would have been proud,” he says with a grin. Dean finds himself grinning back.
dean shakes his head and goes to set the book down on the chair he’d been sitting in and he walks back over to cas. where cas is standing, there’s a cement step between the cement patio area and the grass that dean and sam had been sitting in. it makes it so cas is a few inches taller than dean.
A hairy hand grips at the forest green jacket and the two go tumbling into the grass. His breathing is frantic as the werewolf pins him to the ground. Tears are streaming down the side of his face and he’s sure this is how he’s going to die. The werewolf sinks a clawed hand into his chest and he screams.
will it away. He
Cas sat in the backseat, staring at Jack’s round face, studying every inch of it. His hand gripped the cool leather of the bench as the soft sounds of Bob Seger’s greatest hits filled the silence.
this house.
Dean quickly recovers, and places his hand on Jack’s forehead.
“Like hell I woul-"Dean shouted, echoing off the walls as his hands began to shake.
His mind rushes back to that fleeting conversation where he had begged Dean to see reason, asked him to take care of Jack just in case anything happened, and well, it had.
Cas quickly crossed the room concern in his eyes.
Dean gives him a shy smile, hand instinctively reaching for the back of his neck.
And almost
when he sees Cas wearing his old band tees.
As soon as Dean's sure they're out of sight, he slumps down against the counter, putting his head in his hands. After he collects himself to the best of his ability, he shoves off and starts cleaning up from breakfast. Which serves as a great distraction until he hears footsteps on the stairs again.
and now Cas hates him. He’s managed to fuck up the
didn't make Dean's cheeks flare.
Cas slowly pulls back the cover and pauses at the sight.
For the most part.
And he
. But now he's watching Cas' retreating form walk through the doorway, and up the stairs. Leaving Dean, standing alone in the cold night air, his hand moving to his cheek without consent.
he feels warmer than normal-at least as far as I can tell? But there’s a thermom-”
as he makes a little fist to ground himself.
Cas comes out with Jack in tow, and wordlessly buckles him into his car seat, so Dean doesn't really have time to think on it more. And they're clearly not going to discuss whatever the
And Dean couldn't agree more with the second sentiment because suddenly all of the air was knocked out of his lungs. He must have looked like it too because Sam met his eyes across the table, leveling him with a look Dean can't decipher.
Sam paused, cellphone halfway to his ear, and Cas' head snapped up so quick Dean's worried he has whiplash.
Cas quickly pushes off the bed, grabbing his book as he goes.
jungle gyms, a huge sandbox, and pretty much every toy you can imagine. And yeah there's things definetly for toddlers, but Dean can only focus on the height of the slides and the amount of kids jumping inside that inflatable nightmare.
He thankfully makes it over to the kid's section in one piece, but unfortunately, an over-excited mom immediately spots him.
bed, and the
When Cas felt the weight in his arms, he was overcome with an indescribable emotion. It was like feeling for the
the lights,
Of course, there’s conversations that have to be had, questions that need to asked, and
Dean’s heart swells.
And god, when Dean couldn't even sa-
“But as soon as I-when I saw that bloo-
? Cas probably thinks
Eventually, they pulled back foreheads resting together, breathing ragged. Then Cas caught his eyes, giving him a soft smile. A smile that said
, for info" Dean grumbled, catching himself. Little ears after all.
you did like Scenes from a-”
how to love. And you carry the weight of the world on your shoulders out of the
to see Dean?
When Dean was twenty, he kissed Lee Webb for the first time. They had snuck off while their Dads wrapped up the hunt, swiping a few of John’s beers before heading to their motel room. They acted like assholes, loudly recalling the antics they had got up to on the hunt. And Dean found himself unable to look away from Lee’s smile, his eye, his arms, laughing loudly at his jokes and felt that
, love and happiness-whatever the hell you
this. It's just a room
It was as if everything came crashing down at once. The three months he spent refusing to process Cas’ death, the terror of raising Jack, the joy and confusion of Cas coming back, the fear and fragility of their new….well Dean didn’t even really know what they were. But he
He takes a shuttering breath.
"Yeah genius
the bedroom, of course, he's just got a lot to think about, and besides he thinks better when he's moving. It also serves as an excellent explanation for his ever-increasing heart rate.
In a flurry, Dean rushes to get into the car, only slightly fumbling with the door handle. He desperately grips at the wheel, trying to will
And with a bang the room went black.
His panic he felt back at the store had faded by now.
him-yeah it was on the cheek, but it was a kiss nonetheless. And that stupid
"Anyway, we got to talking, probably
"So see any fugly faces?"
Thank you for reading!!!
hair and baby blues strolled in and happened to sit at the other end of the bar. And just my luck he looked about just as much of a mess as I did-no offense babe" Dean began putting on a show, and Cas rolled his eyes.
she's no-"
The figure faces Dean, meeting his eyes and Dean’s vision swims with blue. A blue he never thought he’d see again, and for the first time in months, his heart doesn’t break at the color.
"Alright, so
But again, Dean's
to be sure that I understand you, because I don’t think I can handl-
He probably wants nothing to do with Cas and wants him ou-
A mixtape.
I stopped keeping track after twenty”
That seems to settle Cas, so he bends a bit and hesitantly extends a finger out to Jack. Jack takes it.
Then, they sat together at the map table, as Dean showed him how to hold Jack properly.
care. He's
Their was a shift in the room, and Dean’s stomach twisted as he realized what he had said, what he scr-
. To his
Shopping trips, awkward conversations, house tours, and feelings bubbling under the surface?
By the fourth song, he had to pull over on the side of an abandoned road.
doesn't care about. He's definitely
"Yea-yeah. Looking good" Dean managed swallowing dryly. Cas gave him a soft smile, their eyes meeting for the first time in what felt like days, well because it
the one who's been avoiding Cas, dodging conversation, somehow coming up with an excuse every time Cas tries to get him alone. But he can't help it alright?
The laughter swells in the other room, feet stomping on the wooden floors.
after all. But he could tell him things he’d never dream telling Sam, and it was always easy with Cas
Dean was having difficulty breathing again.
but safe.
to do this. He owes it to Jack. He owes it to
and letting his exhaustion consume him instead.
Dean spends some quality time with Jack, and maybe he
Cas should be helping.
lose it too. So Dean takes a shaky breath, trying his hardest to force down the panic and the guilt.
And Dean definitely
"So you helped me through a terrible breakup, and I helped you through the stress of your job. In a way we saved each other, which isn't so different from our
one, with all those songs and I can’t help but think that you-that you might-that
Because at the end of the day, Dean knows he could have tried harder, he could have done better, he knows it. And Jack deserved better, he deserved a perfect father, and that’s something Dean could
that he'd have to be with Dean?
"Carol and Mike were our best friends before they we-before everything" Stephen chokes out.
does, but then he scoops up Jack and makes his way up the stairs.
“I-I just thought it would be nice, since you’ve always shown me your favorite music. And I know he’s not your favorite,
Dean's smile slips at the sight, his heart clenching and he pretends not to know the real reason why.
. Though, Scooby didn't do much to lessen the weight of the ring on his finger, the ring he's
He studies each photo through blurred vision. Cas listens intently, hanging onto every word, hoping to gain more knowledge about his son, and hoping Dean never stops talking
He feels like he’s floating.
Standing in front of them on the sidewalk was a couple, probably around their ag-well
Because it’s not that he doesn’t want the “label”, or thinks that he needs to have it or thinks the label is wrong. He
Suddenly there's a shorter woman with platinum blonde hair, and a man with enough goop in his hair to grease a pan, who've both
Then Cas is leaning forward, ready to capture his lips with his own, Dean happily following his lead.
, Cas wouldn’t be hesitating like this.
He is going to see Jack, for the first time. He is going to meet his
on continuously placing Jack on the top of the tiny slide, so he can slide down in Cas' waiting arms, to
happened.
"By the way, it's called '
"So Sarah and Mike Johnson? Jody met them, and their daughter, Katie on a hunt last year. They live somewhat close by, so I'll try to give them a call" Sam continues, reaching for his phone.
“Wha-”
Jack is still wailing in his arms, as Cas bounces him from side to side. He’s looking at Dean expectantly, waiting for his input. Dean can still see the worry clear on his features.
"Yeah, but hopefully it'll just stick with us, make everything a hell of a lot simpler" Dean sighs, easily shifting into "hunter mode".
he left Dean alone to care for a child.
"Alright,
to hel-
"We've got booze, burger, wings, ribs you name it! It starts tonight at five, we know you just moved in, but it would be a great way to meet the rest of the neighborhood" Molly suggests. Dean turns to Cas to see a raised eyebrow and a look that says,
“Hmm Jack? Why
you crack that cod-" Dean quipped only to be cut off by a swift kick to the shin. Cas shot him a smug smile causing Dean to roll his eyes, and his stomach definitely did
It’s been almost
Right. Words.
"Dean it's eight am, I
So Dean forces himself to swallow the question, and reheat some spaghetti.
What did he have to tell him? Did something happen while they were gone? Did someone call with bad news?
plan, you don’t run in there with some half-assed idea. But no,
From behind them, Sam clears his throat, and they quickly break apart. Dean watches for a moment as Sam engulfs Cas in a hug, then he hesitantly turns back to the car.
“I wanted to give this to you”
And there’s no denying it’s true, but he
bed, the bed they had to
It’s not like he’s actively been avoiding the subject, he jus–
, and there's a different event hosted by a different family each night, ending with a huge block party on Saturday night. Apparently, the school in town gives the kids a whole week off for some "district convention" with the higherups, so they've been doing this for years.
"Pleasure to meet you two! Now I assure you Jack is in good hands, you've got some of the best parents on duty right now!" Maria jokes and Dean has a feeling she's a little tipsy, which only increases his nerves. At least there's some other capable-looking parents standing around.
at this exact moment. Because he rea-
“C'mon dumbass, let's go find our kid” Dean says with a fond eye roll.
A watery laugh filled with relief escapes Dean’s throat, Cas joins in.
this would be just like
, until realizing he couldn't justify wiping it off a fourth. And Dean does what
Warnings: This chapter references and briefly depicts Dean utilizing alcohol as a coping mechanism.
Not that this is Dean’s area of expertise, as one of his only indicators is that Jack feels bigger in his arms than Sam did when he was finally allowed to hold him for the first time, (to be fair he was only four at the time), but he’s pretty sure he’s right. And it’s not like they sell
? It's too dangerous, we've barely even left
house, since they were
All great questions, with sadly no answers. Because Dean would have to actually
And if in the morning, Sam finds them with their hands clasped across the kitchen table, as they take turns feeding Jack spoonfuls of applesauce.
identify at some point, was back too. And of course this is the time that a new feeling was attempting to bubble to the surface. Well not a
torn up about doing it with Dean so-
and back with my job-"
He gasps.
Looking just so completely
This is all
of them, and that’s what he told himself.
' or whatever the hell Claire called it. Like hold hands, or kis-ya know act all couplely. It would be nic-
Thank you for reading!!!
"Buddy, you gotta stop listening to Claire" Dean laughed with a fond eye roll.
And so Dean freezes, mouth suddenly very dry.
"If you're talking about demons, then no-"
And Dean figures since Cas is listening, it's okay to tap out for a moment. Because
Cas always knows what he nee-
Because Dean
And if Dean thought he was freaking out before, it’s nothing compared to the crisis he’s currently having.
around his stomach, threatening to bubble up his throat. It's making him feel nauseous, as his heart thumps against his chest.
way too much with a complete stranger, and called it a night. But I thought I'd be crazy to let him get away, so I practically chased him down on the street to get his number. And god was I lucky he didn't think I was a creep-"
. Maybe he wasn't
Jack opens his mouth to retort, but Cas hums alerting him of his presence again. His eyes go wide, realizing he gave away his hiding spot, as Cas takes a big step forward.
Dean lets out a breath, aggressively running his hands through his hair, as he stares out onto the empty street.
okay with it? Was he
He’s memorized the songs, he’s analyzed every lyric. It’s all he’s thought about every single day for two weeks.
a stupid move, I ain’t denying
That’s what
The squirming feeling was back, and
had to be reckless and stupid and risk y-” Dean yelled.
It's not like he and Cas haven't shared a room with a bed before, they do it all the time on solo hunts. But this is
Dean’s hand suddenly reappears on his shoulder, startling him out of his trance.
His eyes slowly trailed over to him, watching realization dawn on his face, remembering that they were just in the middle of a fight.
And now Dean has no idea what to think, because he’s sitting in the kitchen looking like he’s been a functioning human being his entire life, and
"Why don't we take the case? I mean the thing is only going after families right, and we-we've got an 18 month old super baby right here. So we cou-two of us could take Jack, play house for a week, and gank the thing" Dean somehow chokes out, watching as Sam and Cas' stare with increasingly disbelieving looks.
have gasped, but he's too afraid to even breathe.
His thought is cut short by Cas suddenly pulling him down for a kiss, like he’d done a billion times before, but one of his hands comes to rest by the flag at his hip.
But it was definitely
It washes over him in waves, but he can’t do anything to stop it.
he can never get back an-
Dean meets Cas' eyes across the room, and gives him a slight nod.
Dean can handle.
Dean’s ass, for effect.
And again, thank you for reading!!!
His eyes then slid over to Sam, who was staring at the ring on his finger. Then Sam met his eyes, offering him a smirk and a raised eyebrow.
Dean stalls, words catching in his throat.
This is not jealousy that threatens to consume him, it’s far from it.
There were people, food, drinks, tents, music blasting, and lights strung up everywhere. And a giant fire pit in the center, with crowds of people hovering around it.
Was it a nightmar-wait can babies even get nightmar-
Cas stood with a smile, announcing he’d grab Jack. He wandered down the hall, but not before placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
He squeezes his eyes shut, trying to will away the panic crawling up his throat, as the day's events flash behind his eyes.
“Oh, so then you wouldn’t mind
"Dean, I don't mind. I waited because I wasn't sure what you wanted t-I can take the couch. I don't want to make you uncomfortable" Cas continues before Dean's brain even has a chance to reboot.
than a foot away from him.
Yeah, Dean was
"Alright Squish, you're gonna hang out over here and have some fun with the rest of the kids! Me and your Dad are going to be right over there" Dean says excitedly, which only makes Jack even more excited.
This isn't about what
I'd rather have by my side" Dean gushes, tacking on the hell line as a joke, but it didn't exactly sound like one. No, it sounded like the most
(Dean's still sticking to that, thank you very much)
And Dean was off, pacing wildly, voice rising.
, which
now. This change has been slowly happening over the years, but ever since he got back it’s like the Cas he first stabbed in that barn, doesn’t exist anymore.
Dean won’t let him get ahead of himself, he can’t be too hopeful, not yet. Not until Dean sees him with his own two eyes.
"We're so sorry for your loss" Dean offers, Cas nodding along.
Dean moves.
Cas’ breath hitched.
. Anyway, my husband and I will gladly take a shift watching the little rugrats a-"Dean starts trying his best to sound like he doesn't want to strangle her.
But when he saw Cas laying on that floor-
In a flash he had the box down, lid off, sitting on his lap. Dean reached inside, pulling out two rings and his stomach flipped at the sight.
all Sam's fault.
Dean had finally
“Dean, I wanted t-”
He gives Cas an expectant look, and leads him out into the hall.
Cas thought back to the fight they had before and-
"Oh, I'm a real estate lawyer. That's how we're in this gorgeous neighborhood" Molly jokes, Jason laughing along.
it’s ridiculous. He’s married to a man for gods sake, a man who he kisses in public and fights with in the grocery store and whose hand he holds when they walk down the street. And it’s not like he’s worried about anyone’s reaction, since they were all at the wedding, they’ve been to dinner at their house multiple time, not to mention it would be a little
But on the inside, he was starting to panic.
it at some point, but he didn't thin-actually he doesn't even
. Maybe he didn't have it all
a morning person.
And Dean chuckles lowly at the irony. Dean Winchester has free will for the first time in his life, and he
matter Cas. The move you pulled was completely stupid. I told you to wait for me, and you didn’t listen.
Warning: descriptive depiction of an ongoing anxiety attack
Dean refocuses on Cas, and notices a look he’s never
“Yes, I-well I
about how Cas' hair is still wildly windblown.
But he’s still somehow
"Dean, I promise I don't mind, I barely sleep. You shouldn't have to sleep on the couc-"
to believ-I
can fix them. Now, let’s go see if we can get Jack to laugh so hard, that he blows up Sam’s blender”
But that's a little hard to do when
Dean's heart beat rapidly against his chest, face burning. He forced his eyes to look up at Sam, not daring to even glance in Cas' direction. He can't handle
Something within Cas aches in a way it never ha-
“Wait, you were in the kitchen, you left Jack alone in here, heard him crying and you didn’t go ge-”
just happened.
ask is, have you met Amanda and Bill yet?" Jason said quickly cutting off Molly's rant.
he’s being ridiculous because he’s faced far worse than this. He’s died so many times he’s lost count, he’s saved the world multiple times, he’s killed monsters, ancient cosmic beings, been to other dimensions, he’s fought Heaven and Hell, and damnnit he’s even fought
afraid of a little fucking scrap of pink, purple and blue fabric currently clashing with the floral comforter. Paralyzed by fear at the sight of it.
Cas had helped Dean finish making bottle, and promised to teach him the whole process for the 4:30am feeding.
. And what Dean
be one of our new neighbors!" Maria practically cheers, and Dean doesn't buy her false enthusiasm for a second, but he plasters a smile on his face ready to play the part.
, they wouldn't have to just pretend to be together (which was difficult enough within itself, for reasons he'd rather not discuss), they'd have to be
, right here, right now. You could hav-”
Shaking his head, Dean grabbed his plate and seated himself across from Cas.
holding it today, where everyone can see.
"Oh um..." Dean starts, but trails off realizing he didn't actually think through what he was going to say. His mouth has been doing that a lot lately.
"I'm gonna grab the last bag from the kitchen" Sam called as he jogged out of the garage.
to know since it is about your house and all. Not your fault someone paid to keep it out of the news" Ton sighs heavily, and Stephen comfortingly presses his kiss to his temple.
Dean felt the air leave his lungs as he was struck with a realization, Cas’ words sinking in.
And Dean barks out a laugh, shoving Cas’ head away affectionately.
take the nei-"
Dean's entire brain short circuits as it works to catch up with the rest of his body, most importantly with his face and that whole lightning thing going on.
It looks comfortable enough he could just sleep there, and it would be fi-
And that feeling-the feeling Dean of course doesn't talk-about is back and
But they didn't
Cas is getting good at this. It’s like it’s second nature to him now. He really has become an amazing Dad. In fact, he’s so damn
"We're uh, supposed to be married right? So we need rings ya know" Dean continues unsure of how to proceed.
always done. So Dean, I don’t understand why this time is any
Dean’s back is to him, as he grips the cool metal of the kitchen island again, refusing to turn around.
"Hey Cas looking good" Sam acknowledged with a whistle, which Dean barely heard because he was star-not staring at Cas' forearms.
"Well, that might actually be a goo-" Sam started slowly
"You ready?" Dean asks as they come to a stop at the back gate.
"Thank you for the invitation, we'll definitely be there" Cas smiles turning back to them.
It was around 4 am when Dean finally pulled into the garage.
Dean needed to hear, that Cas
. He's just holding Cas' hand, nothing weird about that, it's for the
And that swirling feeling, that Dean is realizing might be butterflies-but they definitely
what he's done.
God, what has Dean gotten himself into?
"I'll go with Cas" Dean blurted before he even realized what was happening.
Because Dean is
Cas is rolled onto his side, buried under the blankets, and Dean can only see the mop of his hair peeking out. So assumes he's asleep. Dean lies on his back, afraid to move while he tries to not think about the warmth radiating next to him under the covers.
agreed to lunch so we could check them out, and scope out their house" Cas continues, amusement dancing in his voice
think for a second that I deserve better than you, because
expanded my music tastes since I’ve been back. And friends give each other gifts, right? So, I figured should return the favor, and help further your
Then Dean waits for a moment, seeing if Cas will pick up where he left off before. But he just turned back to his book, clearly avoiding his gaze, fingers tapping on the table.
they called it. But it turns out their sources had been sorely mistaken. It probably would have gone smoother if Cas had come, but he opted to stay back with the kid. And it’s not like they were about to bring an 8 month old on a hunt.
Of course he knew they'd have to
He hangs on the door frame for a moment, giving Dean a wink, and then he’s gone, laugh ringing down the hall.
"And besides, if he's the monster. We'll get to kill him, slowly" Cas says in a mock-serious tone, which startles a laugh from Dean's throat. He's so close he can feel Cas's breath on his face, and Cas can probably hear Dean's heart racing.
Then suddenly, a smile slowly spread across his face, which in Dean's experience, is
but definitely
And before Dean can even open his mouth, Cas gives a tight squeeze to his ass, and then he’s bounding away through the door.
Cas gently, tilted Dean’s chin up, forcing him to look at him.
Dean crashes into him, gripping the back of his coat like his life depends on it. He hears the low rumble of the Impala, he smells cheap shampoo, and he lets the familiar warmth in his arms consume him.
"Goodnight Dean" Cas murmurs, breaking the silence. And Dean whips his head to the side is met with a soft smile, and wide blue eyes shining in the dark.
Cas tilts his head in question and Dean’s lopsided grin only grows wider.
He stared at the tape in his hands. Afraid to move it, as if it would disappear.
The silence allowing his mind to race freely.
He beckons Cas forward and together they stand side by side, as Dean softly explains how to prep Jack’s bottle, and the basics of his nightly schedule.
This is all
with a bed, that Cas is currently laying in. And he'll have to lay next to h-
He feels something swim low within him.
He can read Jack’s actual temperature with his palm, or figure out what’s wrong with the touch of his fingers.
He’s met with silence, he can hear the wind whipping on the other end. He’s about to open his mouth to tell Sam he got his text an-
"Well, not as much as
believes that wanting, is selfish. That he
Which means that Cas
Dean bolts from his room, feet pounding as he goes. He sees another figure in the dim glow of the hall.
do the research, he
In ten minutes Dean will see him. In ten minutes he’ll see Dean. In ten minutes, he’ll meet his son.
As always come yell with me on tumblr
is having a flustered meltdown over a friggin kiss on the cheek like he's thirteen again?
He’s too focused on the warmth in his arms.
But not before he places his hand on Dean’s shoulder, and presses a soft kiss to his cheek.
Dean let out a breathe he didn't realize he was holding. Cas
because of the
"I-I can’t go through that again Cas. And now there’s Jack too, and I-it was jus-it’ll kil-
He heard Cas and Linda coming back so he quickly swooped up Jack as he stood and lightly tossed him in the air, Jack roaring with laughter.
When he grabs five bowls from the cabinet, he makes sure to listen to the laughter echoing through the halls.
“-Dean, what, why did yo…” Cas trails off, voice breaking.
let himself want Cas, and he can’t hope that Cas might want him.
Because that feeling, the feeling Dean doesn't talk about is
take the case, but his mouth wasn't exactly on his side today.
"That's was us, I'm Dean Richardson, this is my husband Cas. Oh and this is Jack" Dean said putting on a fake smile and holding out a hand, trying to ignore the way husband rolled so
“Dean you’re hurt, why didn’t you say anythi-
(See the end of the chapter for
kissing, Cas probably thought they were starting to
story and he ju-
dedicate himself. And yeah he wasn’t perfect, but maybe that was enough for now? Jack seemed pretty happy as far as Dean could tell. And maybe he’ll understand.
to identify due to self-embarrassment, is twisting in his stomach again.
"Exactly, I mean you guys have barely left home at all and Jack has barely even seen the world. I hate to say it, but I think it'd be good, for all of us" Sam argues hesitantly.
"Uh Cas, here" Dean supplies lamely, holding out a ring between his fingers.
Not because he's
They turn back to the pair, praying they get the memo so Dean doesn't have to explain any further.
"Wow baby just like the movie" Cas smiles excitedly, sliding into the empty seat next to Dean.
had some work done.
And luckily for Dean, they put Jack back to bed around five, and Cas decided to finish his book in his room.
Dean doesn’t blame him.
“-Dean? Was his forehead warm? Did he have a fever”? Cas asks anxiously as he braces a hand on Dean’s shoulder, searching his face for answers.
Dean grips Cas around the waist, as he smashes their lips together, effectively cutting Cas off.
Jack was staring up at him from the cart as he clutched his yellow stuffed rabbit to his chest, (
He glances up across the room, eyes quickly finding Cas and Jack. Cas is seated across from him on Jack's blanket, helping him build unstable block towers, just so he could knock them down.
a fan. He’s already mentally marked her down as a suspect, that’s for sure.
Dean carefully tries not to slam his door and flops down on his bed. His thoughts buzz around his skull, while about ten different emotions wash over him all at once. With a fist he reaches out and punches his mattress, which doesn't do much of anything seeing as its memory foam.
But luckily, Sam pulled up as soon as Dean mustered the strength to glance over at Cas and Jack, so there wasn't any time to let his mind wander.
“Oh, and here I thought
feeling he’d get later, whenever he caught an old western at the movies and Clint Eastwood or John Wayne would saunter across the screen, but he tried not to think about it too hard.
So he swallows thickly, opening his mouth to take it all back, so they could
Dean groaned, angrily pulling at his hair. His heart racing in his chest.
Dean’s head was spinning. But he knew Jack was
squeak in surprise, and cause Cas to laugh. But Dean
work through that kinda crap, that is. But he’s come a long way, he’s married, he’s got kids, he’s got a family, he’s got a life that he’s damn proud of. So he’s sure as hell not gonna let John Winchester have a place in this.
"What Molly is failing to
can stay at a nearby hotel, while Cas and
Dean moves back to the crib, gripping the railing, and forces himself to look down at the tiny life inside.
Dean’s thoughts stalled.
Dean is leaning on the island, illuminated by the dim glow of the lights, watching him with a soft expression on his features.
He feels the tears begin to prick in his eyes again, and Cas quickly swiped them away with his thumb.
But it's fine because it's just a stupid
. Your Dad is still sleeping" Dean shushes half-heartedly, and Jack of course raises his finger to his lips, shushing very seriously.
Dean’s heart pounded against his chest.
the intention behind giving a mixtape.
"And I think it'll be good for Jack to play with children his age.
. Like a movie, too bad it wasn't raining. But honestly, I was just lucky he didn't think I was a creep when I called to ask him on a date the next morning" Cas jokes, earning another laugh from the group. Dean quickly surveys their faces to see that they're hooked. Time for the grande finale.
"A college professor-maybe like English lit or something. I know you like to read, and you always like to talk to about the books after you finish them. That is if you wa-"
And now Cas has done the
He can
feeling in his stomach. But Dean would just chalk it up to admiring the guy for being so smooth and getting away with anything. Of course, until the night they were drunk on the bleachers and Jake grabbed Dean by the shirt, smashing their lips together. And after the momentary shock, Dean found himself pulling Jake closer for more. But then Jake angrily shoved him away, as if it was
Dean unclenches his fists, taking an unsteady breath.
Dean bolts awake, sprinting out of his room and slamming his weight into the door across the hall.
) since they drove all the way here for a hunt anyway. It wouldn't be a
"Your home is lovely" Cas gushes when they're within earshot.
with this conversation.
). Cas even asks Linda a ton of questions about the house, and he can only assume Sam told him to ask.
And well, Dean can’t say he misses the silence much at all. In fact, he’s actually quite
-ongoing depictions/symptoms of an anxiety attack
Dean hears Cas’ breath hitch, and sees a blinding smile spread across his face, and then a matching one on Jack’s.
Dean sees nothing but guilt and sorrow swimming behind those wide blue eyes, and his heart clenches at the sight.
into caring for. And while Cas has no doubts that Dean loves Jack, it does not change the fact that he
issue.
He just agreed to be fake married to his best friend and live in a house in the suburbs with a 18 month old child.
Jack is growing faster than a normal human baby.
him, but Cas' arm is around his frickin waist, not even 20 minutes after he kissed him. Dean's just surprised he isn't passed out on the ground yet.
Damnit. Cas had a point, stupid angel
With Cas' blue eyes peering up at him softly, with the tiny surprised, smile on his lips. It was almost
"As I'll ever be" Cas quips, giving Dean's hand a squeeze, which he gratefully returns.
It was the
There's a sort of gate squared off in the corner of the yard, with a large and small bouncy house, and what looks like a group of parents watching every move intently.
Dean pretends not to notice the way his heart races when Cas’ arm brushes against his.
Cas finds his voice. “How can I help”?.
“What are you talking about, Dean?”
ignores the lightning that runs through his veins at the touch. And thankfully he doesn't have much time to pointedly ignore
about how they're gonna have to pretend to be a loving couple tonight, in front of hundreds of people. And how he might have to
And before he can freak out again, he snatches a pair of sweatpants, and a tshirt from the drawer designated for his clothes, which he tries
Dean is failing to hold back as it quickly crawls up his throat.
Dean clenches the hand, that isn't currently supporting Jack, into a fist, nails digging into his palm. It was
And in a flash he pushes off the island, deciding to clean the kitchen instead. First night in a new house, can't start leaving a mess already, right?
Come find me and baby jack truth with me on tumblr
here is all set with a position at Amherst College in the sprin-" Dean begins, gushing about Cas like a proud husband.
"What about you?" Cas asks looking at Dean's empty fingers.
He can smell the smoke, he can feel the cold sting of the night air on his cheeks, and deep blue swims behind his eyes
” Cas smiling at the reference he made.
holding hands.
And Dean found his eyes subconsciously flicking down to Cas' lips, but he quickly forces them back up. He notices
“I-I listened to the tape….” he trails off, mouth suddenly dry. He sneaks a glance up, to gauge Cas’ reaction.
"Yeah, this is quite the rager you've got going on back here" Dean muses, earning bright smiles from the pair.
Cas knows he deserves it, but he doesn’t believe he can bear it.
No. If this was about the kid, then Cas would have told him by now. If it was something
Dean realizes, that a lot can happen in 18 months
And the culprit refocuses in his vision, still smiling up at him anxiously, blue eyes searching his features. And Dean without even thinking, smiles back, which seems to settle Cas.
This morning was off to a rough start, beginning with the slight derailment of Jack’s usual schedule. As far as he’s concerned, it was a major fuck up on Dean’s end, but he’s forcing himself to table that guilt spiral. Well, at least for now.
been.
. Cas is only looking at him like that as part of the act, he's playing up.
The sound ignited the flames within him once more.
Thank you for reading!!!
. He had it all
. About now that Cas has truly seen how fucked up, how much of a burden, how pathetic he is, he doesn’t want him anymo-
Time seems to still for a moment, tension hanging in the air.
"Okay.....but what abo-"
"Holy shit" Dean gasps jaw-dropping, head quickly snapping towards Cas.
All of his failures wash over him, and none of them feel as monumental as tonight. His vision blurs, and he grips the bar tighter, biting back a sob.
"What should we brin-"Dean starts, knowing it's polite to offer.
In twenty minutes he’s going to see Dean, and see Dean with
Dean slowly turns towards the source and sees Cas smiling up at him. There's a nervousness dancing behind his features, the kind that's only visible to the trained eye. His hand his still on his shoulder, but he's closer now-
, even Jack can tell that something was weird between him and Cas. Now he's gotta doge questions from a toddler too, as if Sam wasn't bad enough.
He was fiddling with the hem of his shirt, well
"She's been all over us since it's our turn to host the annual-" Jason starts.
Then he presses a soft kiss to his forehead, smiling to himself as he pulls away.
Cas has stopped in his tracks, peering down at Jack’s now sniffling face.
Han Solo, with his fast ship, and his cool hair and smooth talking and a blaster. Every time he was on screen, Dean got this
just can’t let himself have what he wants for him.
And honestly, despite everything, Dean's actually having a good time. Yeah, these people's careers are insane, but Dean thinks they're pretty normal, and he's genuinely enjoying talking to them. And they seem to have warmed up to them, so with a slight nod from Cas, Dean goes in for the kill.
Cas shifted his focus back to the car seat, watching as Jack curiously studied his face.
Dean holds the baby pressed tightly to his chest, and he tells himself it’s to protect him from the flames.
what I did, what I’ve
So Dean stops, and he thinks about the stars instead. He vaguely registers Sam walking back to the house.
compliment about my cooking” Cas smirked, and just like that he went back to his book.
It was
. That's the first thing Dean registers as he begins to wake up. Then, he notices the light streaming on his face, and quickly squeezes his eyes shut tighter.
It's just a stupid bed in a stupid room, with Cas. He can stow his crap.
And we're done! I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart to anyone who read this story! I haven't written in years, and this fic sort of happened by accident, so it's been an exciting ride!
Jack giggles as he tries to hide himself from view behind Dean’s legs. He shushes Dean with a serious look, showing that he means
Don’t get him wrong, Dean is over the
This was all Sam's fault.
away from the stove and
But his heart can’t help but sink a little.
He meets Sam’s eye on the other side of Cas. He’s sporting a soft smile, and gives him a look that Dean can’t quite place, then glances back at Cas and Jack.
Jack crying alon-
“I was just complimenting your pasta boiling skills, what were you gonna say?” Dean smiled, carefully avoiding mentioning the words he thought he heard.
eyes do the same as he meets Dean with an unreadable expression. Dean
"Oh! So we have water, seltzer soda. We've got sprite, rootbeer-" Molly quickly moves to offer.
“I love you”
Tell him how unfair the burden Cas cast upon his shoulders was.
Actually, Dean isn't processing
Because of course, he means it Cas is his best friend, he's family that's nothing new. But it's more than that and yo-nope.
And that seemed to snap Dean back to reality.
care about it at all because it's all an act.
But Dean's fine. He's
He spends the next few minutes just staring at his reflection like an idiot, and that thought causes the smile to grow wider, tipping his head back as a soft laugh bubbles up his throat.
He snapped his jaw shut, but apparently
than usual?
” Dean scoffed to himself.
“Dean-” Cas began, through clenched teeth.
don't care what he thinks of us. Because all that matters is how we
step at a time.
They hadn’t even spoken since their little screaming match, sitting the entire ride in silence.
Cas tacked on the term of endearment. Because It's an act and Dean definitely doesn't care.
than usual, when he a jolt ran through him.
Broken shouts and muffled sobs ring through the dark halls during the early hours of the morning. Both young and old. Yet, love still fills every corner, but often it only fuels the sorrow, strengthening the blow.
“Because I do too- "Dean starts, voice breaking.
Dean's having a friggin internal meltdown as soon as they pull onto the street. The houses are huge and identical with pristine green lawns, million dollar cars in each driveway, that is if they're not parked inside the two-car garages. There are children running on the lawns, women in expensive looking track suits, walking tiny dogs on the sidewalks, it's all one huge
into a
Cas tenses, hands clenching into fists, as the concern on his features is replaced with fear.
And it wasn’t fair of Cas to ask this of him.
"Alright so what are ya thinking kid? Circle or square?" Dean asked quickly holding up two different plates for inspection. Jack thankfully started to study the plates instead with a tilt of his head, which always makes Dean's heart melt.
And yeah of course he’s heard Cas sing this to Jack hundreds of times before, he does this every night, but Dean hasn’t been around to hear it since that morning. Before he
pain in the ass” Cas smirks,
, not like that hasn’t stopped anything from almost killing you befo-”
"Yes Da, understand," Jack nods, trying to match Cas' serious face to the point where Dean had to hide a laugh behind his hand.
And they’re both standing here like idiots, paralyzed by fear, when Cas is a
Of course, Cas has made it clear that this
Cas kissed him on the cheek,
good. Sounds like we've got everything covered. I'm gonna get a start on packing, why don't you put Squirt over there down for his nap" Dean says jumping to his feet and quickly makes his way to his room without so much as a glance backward. He feels like shit for leaving Cas just sitting there, but he had to get away before he
As soon as Sam showed up they spent an hour tearing through the house looking for hex bags, sigils, EMF, sulfur, on top of Cas' mojo, which didn't sense anything. So they've got
Married. To
"Yeah,
say hello to" Amanda informs, and honestly, Dean could cheer from relief.
turning around. Cas just hums as a thanks. He may still be an angel, but whenever he does sleep, he is
and they
. Back to his
Dean and Cas use their words for once, so let's see what Jack has to say about that.
doesn’t skip a beat.
didn't flip at the mention of "us".
Cas worries his lip between his teeth for a moment with a frown, then a small smile replaces it. Which Dean finds himself easily returning.
done, we’re talking about
So with a grunt Dean practically launches himself across the bed grabbing the offending object and he’s on his feet again pacing around the room.
Dean swallows and dares a glance up.
Dean did all of this. For
and the
Dean groaned, banging his hands against the wheel.
"Thank you! But Amanda's already managed to find at least ten things wrong with the decor,
Cas can see right through him, but he thankfully lets it slide. But not before pressing a soft kiss to Dean’s lips, and leading the way into the living room.
He’ll know that Dean messed up. Not just this morning, but every day for the past three months. Dean tried, with the pictures, and the schedule and the tummy time, and the daily writings, but they just weren’t enough, he could have done more. Dean knows he fail-
His thought was cut short by the alarms on both of their phones.
conversation.
But no he has to be selfish and want Cas, and
-no, now is not the time to unpack that. So he quickly recovers giving him an encouraging smile.
He blinks a few times, immediately cutting off that train of thought before it goes off the rails.
He failed tonight, and there was no one to blame, but
Fear drops,
Friggin
“How did the hunt go? Sam trudged through here, grabbed a bottle of water, and disappeared into his room without a word…..so I’m assuming it wasn’t a
months behind.
I have wanted for years. And I want this,
Shrieks of laughter ring through the halls, both young and old. Happiness and love filling every corner.
I mean" Dean responds going for casual, and failing miserably.
And he's met with a very tired Cas leaning on one hand, clutching the mug close to his chest with the other, while he talks to Jack about nonsense. His hair is sticking up in every direction, and there's that smile on his lips that's reserved just for Jack.
"Sorry we just saw you moving in yesterday, we live a few houses up from you guys" The woman continued with a smile.
And just like that, Dean’s annoyance melted away.
No, Dean has to be sure first. He has to know for
So Dean quickly went back to his fries, tapping out of the conversation.
didn’t either of them think of healing Jack, especially since they already both had the “duh angel” moment 10 minutes ago.
sent Dean's mind running, but at least the act of Cas grabbing his hand wasn't the real source of the freak out anymore.
He walks over to the crib and sees a flash of familiar blue, and he shuts his own, so he doesn’t have to think about the faded, vacant blue eyes downstairs.
His is breath catch in his throat.
He’s warm, but is he actually
Dean suddenly can’t control his breathing.
“Yes, but I’m
feeling an-
in the middle of the night, and he
had to show up and shut the whole thing down! And
Dean tells himself he did the
Dean’s brain short circuited.
him more.
Dean rips open the backdoor and is met with another pair of wide blue eyes. He carefully removes the seat whispering reassurances, and he tells himself they’re to calm Jack.
He can’t let himself spiral like this, not before he even listens to the damned thing.
But he did make Dean a tape so may-
Dean drowning in pure desperation and rage, trying to get Cas to hear him. They blinded him to reality, his mind only telling him to scream back at Cas, offering no further instruction. Logic had been thrown out the window.
And now, Cas had failed him, again.
he knows that’s crazy because everybody wants something, but he jus-
He releases a breath he didn't realize was holding, as he watches Cas' shoulders slowly rise and fall under the comforter.
He revels in the warmth in his arms, reminding himself that this is all
So this originally began as just a collection of s13 baby Jack thoughts in a tumblr post, and it kind of spiraled its way into a fic. So the first few chapters are more "stylistically simplistic", but I promise they turn into more "traditional" chapters as it goes on!
Jack’s wails echo off the walls.
could come out of his mouth, and that's definitely
didn't make Dean's stomach flip.
to look at him at some point.
He quickly tries to convey the same look of contentment through his own features, giving Cas a smile. A
ideas.
And later when Dean’s standing downtown, he realizes he’s more relaxed than he thought he’d be. Luckily nobody made a big deal about the flag at Dean’s hip, and hell he even let Jack paint three little stripes on his cheek, but he
A look Cas can’t decipher crosses Dean’s face. Then, a smile spreads on his lips, a real one. Cas can’t help but smile back.
“I’m bisexual” Dean chokes out suddenly, voice thick as he releases a shaky breath he didn’t realize he was holding. He quickly looks down, unable to meet Cas’ eye, unable to look at his reaction. Then hands are cupping his cheeks, slowly tilting his head upwards.
He drove for a few miles out of town, before he finally popped the tape in with a trembling hand.
. Jack will be fine. Of course, he will be. And if he's not, they'll just kill whoever's responsible. Stupid angels and their stupid sound logic.
he said it, Dean sat in his own silent panic.
Dean turns to glare at Cas, who only gives him a look that reads
creeped out and angry.
And he must somewhat succeed because Cas’ smile returns, but a question still lingers in his eyes.
“His temperature is 101.1 I’ve read that babies his age can have a resting temperature as high as 100.3, but since he’s only half-human?” Cas’ voice startles him out of his thoughts.
"He's such a little cutie! Oh look he's playing with my Ella" Maria gushes while Dean silently prays Jack will drop that kid so he doesn't have to Maria and her false sweetness, ever again.
But it's not like Dean's gonna go
"Thank you for the offer, bu-" Cas answers cooly before Dean even thinks about reopening his mouth.
So Dean finds his voice.
do the talk-
Dean managed to reign in his stupid freak out long enough to get his brain working.
He’s been, for lack of a better term, an anxious wreck all day. Especially since Sam somehow convinced him to wait until he got back to the bunker, instead of just meeting him halfway, like Dean, wanted. Sam walked in the door at a quarter after two, and they were already on the road by 2:20.
with Cas.
Dean’s head snaps up at that, finally meeting Cas’ eyes.
about what he had just done and wondering if Jake would tell anyone at school. But it didn’t matter because they quickly left town the next day, his Dad saying he finished up the hunt, so for years, Dean would just shove that memory off as a drunken accident.
. He's got it under control.
he never asked for, but a role he filled regardless.
Dean again, let alone sit across from him and be asked to
Just a little fever.
Warning: depiction of an anxiety attack
lost it.
clue what he’s doing. He’s meant to be Jack’s father bu-
He slowly shifts his gaze across the kitchen.
Then it hits him.
What the hell could make Cas turn into an anxious wreck like this? Did he say yes to the devil or decide to become God
“Yeah, no. The nest was huge, the most vamps I’ve ever seen in one place. Don’t know how Jim and Emily managed to mistake five vamps for
He focuses on the chill of the night air, so that he doesn’t have to think about the baby Sam placed in his arms.
he loved it,
what he thinks. He hasn't been
Dean’s footsteps stall, and he finds himself standing in front of the mirror.
. Which means he’ll se-
pretty good at burying, but even
” Cas scoffs bitterly, as he pushes out of Dean’s grasp.
"By the way, what is your job going to be?" Cas questioned with his usual tilt of the head that definitely did
), watching Dean with a look of concern.
"Is perfectly
"Yeah I guess, but wh-"
“No-well I mean I don’t
the time.
"Hi I'm Amanda, and this is my husband Bill. You two must be our new neighbors" Amanda smiles with her too-white teeth, extending a hand with perfectly manicured nails.
Sam’s already halfway out the door, and Dean can’t move. Not yet.
Come yell with me on tumblr
his mind easily supplies.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean mean? Was he really going to say that he thinks they should, that he want-
The drive is silent, Sam is passed out with his head against the glass and Dean stares out at the dark stretch of pavement.
It sets in all at once, a
enough-but the extra time
"Great, so met in September 2008, mechanic and English Professor helped each other through their crap. Now they're moving to the suburbs to grill burgers in the backyard and fight to get the kid into a good preschool. Sounds like we've go-" Dean hurries, moving to stand.
Screaming matches in the kitchen, muffled arguments behind closed doors, desperate pleading in the garage after returning from a hunt gone bad.
people lik-"Dean starts, only to be cut off by a pinch to his side and he whips his head towards Cas.
said that he loved him.
So with a shaky breathe he lets his eyes wander up the white carpeted steps.
Dean snaps his head towards the living room, ripping his eyes away from the staircase and stopping on the wall clock.
Which isn’t a bad thing at all, it just makes everything a little more
They slowly pull up to the house, and Dean quickly grabs Jack out of his carseat, holding him on his hip. Together the three of them stare up at the house, 2248 Maple Drive. It looks just like every other house on the street, and Dean starts to feel out of place, panic crawling up his throat.
relationship with a bad ex, and I had just been through
"Why don't we take it?" Dean practically shouts startling everyone, including himself.
and you
vamp nest, a
"We had a plan and you didn’t stick to it. It would have worked i-”
Great it’s probably the entire grid, not just one bulb.
When it finished Dean sat frozen with his hands gripping the wheel. He couldn’t believe what he had just heard, wouldn’t let himself believe it. So he immediately rewound it, starting it over again.
And before they could blink, they were being dragged from room to room on a
And as he looked into those familiar blue eyes, he made a choice. Because this was
proud of you for making the mature fatherly decision, now go! I'm sure Jack's dying for a turn on that bouncy thing" Cas teases, shoving Dean away, and he vaguely hears Molly giggling behind him. Dean doesn't even have time to process what he said before he's walking across the grass.
"Dean, no stop I
Cas gently cupped the sides of Dean’s face, forcing him to meet his gaze again.
, allowed to get
that blossoms in its place, spreading across his entire face and down his neck. Lighting shooting through his veins with a jolt, and of course that swirling feeling is back.
And in this moment Dean is rapidly realizing that it’s all terrifyingly
Cas freezes.
He listened to it twice that morning, and he’s lost count of how many times since.
As he wiped them with a towel, he glanced back over at Cas.
Dean feels the fear twist again as it crawls its way up his throat.
The terror wells up inside him, but he selfishly allows himself to be worried.
to say something. He couldn't just let this happen because his stupid mouth started talking nonsense.
can happen in 18 months. You can fall ass backwards into raising a child, slow down a bit on hunting, start dating your best friend who’s been secretly been in love with for years, who came back to life, and raise the child
have this.
Cas walked back into the kitchen, with Jack in his arms.
for each other ya know? Cas just always knew what to say, always knew what to do to, understands me better than anyone else, helps me through every obstacle. I guess you could say he basically pulled me out of
the smoke,
, and that you
thing Dean's ever said, and he quickly realizes that it's not part of the act. He really
Dean’s voice pulls Cas from his thoughts.
But Cas didn't seem to notice because a small smile spread across his lips.
because he doesn't think he can handle Linda's fake enthusiasm for much longer.
Dean thinks to himself.
Because it was
of it. Cas would probably be embarrassed about hanging on Dean in his sleep, and Dean wouldn't dare to make anything even
logical, extremely exhausted, person in this situation would do.
Dean found himself huffing a laugh as his eyes trailed to his hand.
” than two, but Dean doesn’t like to think about that.
God Jack is getting so
let himself. And for years he could barely let himself think about wanting Cas, and then after everything that happened he jus-he to let himself be selfish just once and want him. But that was only after he knew Cas wanted him too, which made Dean’s want, “unselfish” because it would make Cas happy too. That want was technically for
And Cas goes white as a sheet, looking like a deer caught in headlights.
Breaking out of his trace, he had glanced up at Dean and was met with an unreadable expression.
With a grin, Dean goes to take an exaggerated step towards Cas, but Jack pulls on his leg.
"A barbeque? In November" Dean asks, playing along.
the covers this time you, weirdo" Dean says, trying for a joke. And whether it was for his own sake or Cas', he'll never tell.
"So, Sam mentioned a backstory? Should we come up with that now, so we aren't caught off guard when someone asks?" Cas suggested, eyes staring into Dean's.
A smirk spreads across Cas’ face, amusement dancing behind those blue eyes.
Something new dropped deep in the pit of Dean’s stomach.
Because wanting the label is something, just for
Which Dean easily returned, and they stared at each other a moment longer.
Sam leans back down through the passenger door with a look that Dean refuses to contemplate, so he turns forward in his seat, giving the wall his full attention instead. Eventually, Sam heaves a sigh as he softly shuts the door and stalks into the bunker.
Of course he knew
"I love you.
He forces his eyes shut.
Dean stares down at him, unable to look away.
"I've got a
Cas can’t help but return the smile as he turns glancing at the pot.
in me, is
at him to go to sleep. Because upstairs was
He does a quick sweep of the room for hex bags, sigils, EMF,
over here to help me look for him?” Cas teases, stretching his arms out for emphasis.
Cas deserves someone better, some less
be suggesting we bring Jack along on a
Shit.
has to be right. So he puffed out a breathe, unclenching his fists under the table.
God, could he
“Don’t be dramatic I was not going to ge-”
by the way. Totally cool and normal and under control.
"Circle" Jack declared seriously.
carrying boxes in yesterday! Didn't look like you had very much hmm?" Maria continues as if she hadn't heard him. And Dean didn't miss that little dig and he
"But you two must stop by sometime this week so we can get you properly acquainted with the neighborhood. Maybe widen the
While he continued down the hall, Dean paused for a moment in an attempt to calm himself. With a sigh he tipped his head back, groaning when he noticed one of the bulbs above him flickering.
"Yeah but we're in the
I've been thinking about baby Jack blowing the lights like Boo in Monsters Inc for months so I had to squeeze it in, along with some angst of course!
“Yeah, having an angel blade almost shoved into your throat is handled” Dean grumbled.
Behind his eyes, swims a deep blue, he smells cheap shampoo, and he can feel the cool touch of familiar fingers
that he could, he’s been doing extensive research, he spends a majority of his day with Jack, he tried to capture every moment and he stuck to the schedule.
His hair is sticking up in every direction, blue eyes blown wide brimming with unspilled tears, lips parted in shock.
“-Dean” Cas tries to interject, but Dean keeps going.
“Dean, if I hadn’t done it, I’m quite sure you would have made the same move a second late-”.
"Just let it go, he isn't worth it" Cas softly whispers in his ear, while he gently pulls him closer. With a huff, Dean begrudgingly lets it go.
“Whatever it is, it’s got you down bad, huh?” She says, ducking into the car.
“Dean,” Mary tries. She leans forward and puts her hand on his shoulder. Dean shifts his eyes to look up at her, the expression on his face broken. She takes a seat beside him at the edge of the bed and he shuts his eyes. She reaches over and takes his hand. She sets it on her knee and rubs small circles over the back of his palm with her thumb.
The team heads back into their dugout with their coach slapping each one on the shoulder as they pass through as he says, “that’s what we need out there! Great play Winchester!”
“Talk about? The end of the world stuff?” Dean asks, glancing over at Sam for a second.
Dean finds his way out of the tub with a lot more poise than he had when he got in. He finds a towel and dries himself off to the best of his abilities. He runs it through his hair in a quick motion before slipping his jeans back on. They’re loose around his hips as he grips the sides of the sink as he stares at himself in the mirror. He looks like himself still. Dark green eyes that are sunken currently, a decent jawline, the series of freckles littered across his face. It’s still Dean.
“Do you think there are more of them?” Dean asks as they round the corner back onto the street. It’s late enough that there isn’t anyone on foot around them.
Dean wakes up groggy, having slept way too long. But, it’s his off day. He stays in bed half asleep, eyes shut and thinking about the stupid essay he has to finish. Maybe he can get Sam to—. Dean’s eyes burst open and he sits up with a speed learned from years of running out of hotels. He looks to his right, over to meet his little brother’s hazel eyes.
“Papa Sam says you’re his big brother, Mister Dean,” Jack offers. He’s peeking out from behind Castiel’s leg curiously.
The man that approaches them is an ugly wannabe businessman with an embarrassing hairline. He steps forward, towering over Dean with an irate expression on his face.
“Cas,” Dean says with a little frown of his own, “didn’t come here for a lecture.”
Dean’s head snaps up violently. He watches the little girl jerk backwards and drop the doll on the ground. The box goes skidding behind her from the angle the little girl jumped in. Dean pulls at his receipt as he watches the man shove the little girl forward with the bags he has in one hand. The little girl stares at the ground as she’s shoved forward. They walk past Dean, not noticing that Dean’s been watching, face stoic and nearly frozen at his spot.
“And I you,” Castiel says. Dean sets his fishing rod down and he gets up from his chair, then. He’s going to kiss his angel.
“No hagas nada que no hiciera yo,” is the choked response that Sam gets when the hug is broken.
not a weirdo except for the fact that you don’t talk. I’ve tagged along with you for nearly a month now and all you’ve done thus far is kill paedophiles. You also knew how to kill an entire nest of vampires all by yourself. And you’ve introduced me to
“And if it is, Sam? What if there’s a whole ass vampire at this university? I can’t just let that go,” Dean says, quieter than he would normally. He keeps his distance, enough to keep her in sight but not give himself away. And sure enough, she steps into an alleyway, all by herself. Dean grunts to himself as he peeks around the corner. There’s no one in the alley.
There’s a crash, a loud sound of things falling in the garage. Something in Sam’s chest sinks as his eyes burst open, but he’s not quite sure where that instinct comes from. He’d been raised as a killer and so what was probably a raccoon messing with the garage shouldn’t scare him, but it does. He slides out of the bed, making sure not to wake Jess up. He feels unsease creep up his spine as he moves down the hall, heading toward the door that leads to their garage.
“I think so, yeah. I’m not a figment of your imagination, I don’t think,” Sam says. He stands and looks around at the apartment, “I don’t think I’d tell you that I think your space is disgusting.”
Castiel nods, “yes.”
The waitress walks out from behind the counter, a lavender sweater over the uniform she wore while working. Her shift must be over, or she might be on a break. Dean watches the man after she exits. He watches as this man, hair greying at the temples, wearing a button up shirt that was only partially tucked in underneath a cheap suit, as he stuffs a final bite of food into his mouth and downs the coffee in his mug. Something clicks in Dean’s head when the man gets up.
“No, sir,” Dean hears Logan lie cooly, “I’m just in for the night and I haven’t seen that man come around here.”
And then he speaks.
“You know what I’m asking,” she says. She takes a defeated breath when Dean doesn’t answer her.
Zach waits an entire second before responding, “thought about it enough?”
“You miss me?” Dean says, a playfulness in his tone. His grin gets bigger as he looks out at the lake again. The water is crystal clear. He can see the fish swimming around, but none bite at the bait he’s got on his line.
From underneath Sam’s arm,
His body collapses mid-step. Dean walks over, taking a slow and controlled breath. He nudges the body with the tip of his boot, watching it squirm for a moment. He fires another bullet into the body and it stops moving.
“I’m… up?” it doesn’t make much sense. They were off of the side of the road somewhere. What did this have to do with the hunt?
“Don’t sweat it. I’m plenty for this prison,” Dean says, a smirk on his face.
or leave some kind words here !
firstly, i've decided that like, moving forward, with the language thing, i'm gonna keep doing the spanglish and when it's something super important to the narrative, i'll keep doing the thing where i basically immediately translate it in-text, but if a long conversation is ever gonna happen that's all in spanish, then it'll be written in english, but italicized. you'll know it when you see it.
Sam opens his mouth to speak, but he doesn’t get a chance to. Dean speaks first.
“Dean,” Sam says, with the same concern on his face.
Dean swats at him, “Isaac, I’m gonna need you to shut the hell up,” Dean says with a scowl. The laughter dies down and Dean looks over at the girl, the only girl on the team.
The short walk back to his apartment is a brisk one. His eyes are hazy with booze and sex and there’s a lightness in his chest that he can’t ever really try to explain unless he’s sufficiently wasted. He’s drunk right now, but not nearly enough to do that. He did dump half of all his drinks, after all.
“the-” jack stops short, looking behind dean. and dean realizes the missing piece of his birthday puzzle has to be behind him.
“Right, yeah, but, I don’t know. Okay, Emily, would you count it?” God asks.
“Think you’re way too pretty to be a guy,” he says with a chuckle. It’s flirty, it’s meant to be a joke. A compliment, even. It’s not.
He lets his head rest against the headboard. He inhales deeply and exhales slowly. His eyes open over black again. They don’t change back when he blinks.
“Mmm,” she hums. Her hands run up the front of his shirt, coming down in a practised motion to rest against his thigh. She runs her palm over the lump she finds in his jeans. And gets no response. She makes a “hmph,” noise and breathes against his neck again, making a forced giggling sound as she tries rubbing him through his jeans again. She still gets no response.
The next marks come and go. Dean’s knives put the work in and get him right up into the mid 900’s. His gun gets a feature at some point when a mark manages to worm out from under Dean and slams him into the side of a support pillar, headfirst. Dean catches his breath and gets his bearings in the abandoned warehouse he’d dragged the man to, turning to point his gun. His aim with the demon blood is as precise as ever. It gets the man through the eyes, from behind.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says. He fears he’s ruined this already.
And it never stops being something that comes to mind as they both get older. Sam’s voice begins to deepen, he gets ridiculously tall, and his brother stays the same, mostly. He watches his body change as he gets older, but not in ways that are particularly pleasing. His chest remains a decent size, enough that he can wear two shirts and not appear to have any extra mass at all, but his hips do leave a lot to be desired.
Sam adds with enough violence in his tone for John to look up in the rearview mirror again.
Dean pulls a clean pair of jeans from the duffel and folds up the pair he’d worn yesterday.
The sunlight feels odd now. Though, he thinks it’s just a side effect from having existed in total nothingness for several years. Sam says it’s sure to fade with time. Castiel likes to believe him.
“Okay, uh, well, I’m glad you’re doing well. But, I was actually referring to… whatever happened to you and dad,” Sam says. He sits up properly, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes completely.
Mary fiddles with her fingernails, seemingly unaffected by Sam’s response. He’s right, Castiel thinks. There’s no conceivable way they could get Dean to a hospital and say he’s just been comatose for no reason.
He comes to a point where the street has more visible potholes and the sidewalk is covered in more black splotches of old gum. He stops to look over at the horizon and the setting sun. This is the nicest it’s gotten for him thus far. The sky is a purplish colour that fades into yellow, the kind that you only ever really see on bruises. Dean turns back. He’s got a job to do.
“You should hold off, angel,” Logan says from his spot at the other bed. “If your brother’s anything like you, he’s probably not too far behind.”
So, when he comes to the sight of the woman pressed against the wall, her sweater rumpled up part of her torso as this man tries to have his way with her, Dean thinks it's ironic. That he’s spent all of his life up until now, hunting monsters, or rather, supernatural creatures, and the real monsters were always sitting beside him. Were he a different kind of person, it would be very funny.
When he’s on the demon blood, he doesn’t need to eat. He doesn’t need to sleep. Dean goes through the cycle of using the blood to his advantage and then recovering from the excess strain on his body until it starts getting easier. His body becomes accustomed to the strain and the blood only serves as a stimulant, giving him the rush he needs to breeze through the next marks. The next hundred or so get under his belt easily enough. He drives them from county to county, from state to state, finding men guilty of horrific crimes, and he gets them all dead. Each kill becomes more satisfying than the previous.
It’s the funniest thing Sam has ever heard. Sam is ten years old.
“Uh, yeah,” Sam says. He gestures for Dean to follow.
Sam tries to sleep for twenty minutes to no avail. His mind keeps racing back to the situation at hand. When he gives up, he turns his head so he can look at Dean’s side profile.
They’ve been driving for nearly six hours when Sam wakes up from a nap. Dean hasn’t changed at all. His voice has been the same low growl he seems to be forcing. Sam yawns and rubs at his eyes, shifting positions in the passenger seat of the impala so he can try and fall back asleep. Dean’s got the radio playing softly. It’s an oldies station, English music.
Dean doesn’t watch Sam light the fire. He only watches the flames flicker. They create shadows that dance around his face. The bags under his eyes are darker and hints of red reflect in the green.
She’s smart, she gets what he means to say. Her mouth drops enough to form a little ‘o’. She nods and she says, “
God leans down and puts His finger in the vampire’s blood. He observes it carefully, then tastes it. He says, after a second, “a vampire is a guy who was feeding on animal blood. Had a human boyfriend and everything. Did you know he was a musician?”
This is how he’s gotten by and has no plans of changing anything, especially when Dean is making so much progress. Dean will stand too close to him whenever they go anywhere, Dean doesn’t like driving as much as he did before, so it’s Sam that will drive them around, but when they do go on drives Dean insists on sitting beside Castiel.
Well. Dean can’t argue with that, really. He helps Cas toss the body around some bags. It doesn’t sit well with him, given he was taught to always get rid of any evidence, but, well. He looks over to Cas who’s now inspecting the area.
“Hey!” Dean calls, clearing his throat from lack of use as he catches up with them at their car. The word is heavy on his mouth, but he’s going to power through. It’s a blue Nissan shitbox. The man turns to look at Dean and Dean notes the details. Dark hair, light complexion, brown eyes, a broken nose that healed incorrectly. “You dropped this,” Dean says, holding the doll out to the little girl with a smile that reaches his eyes.
Her expression is unreadable, but Castiel is sure it’s more that she’s processing the information rather than anything else. She nods slowly, “right.”
Music blares around them and Dean can almost see the sound waves coming through the walls. His vision focuses and then loses focus as he feels a tug at the waistband of his jeans. He finds one of his words, then.
“More,” Dean breathes out. He finds it even more difficult to speak when exhaustion is coming at him from all sides. His eyes shut and the weight of sleep comes over him like the roof of the motel has collapsed. He fights it as best he can to no avail.
That doesn’t sit well. It
Dean turns to look up at the demon.
and secondly, i've also decided that this is gonna still be the 3 chapter story up until season 5, and then there'll be two epilogues. 12x01 and a lebanon rewrite.
“It’s okay, babygirl, it’s okay,” John says as he cries into John’s chest. John holds him close in the dark. “It’s okay, I got you. I got you.”
The door to the motel slams open and Dean would be content to ignore it, but the voice that calls out to him makes him turn out of pure instinct that had been hammered into him when he was four years old.
“Mary,” Castiel responds with a smile of his own. He steps in and delivers the good news, “Dean is laughing now. I
Dean hadn’t even turned to look at him. It had been easy enough for Dean to reach for the gun he had tucked inside his jacket and fire it in the direction of the man’s voice. One hand flicks the safety back on and tucks the gun back inside its pocket while the other comes to rest at the back of Logan’s neck, pulling him in closer.
Dean’s lips twitch into a smile for a second before he runs his hands through his hair and says, “how long do we think you have? Before you get all vengeful spirit and I have to find out what’s keeping you here.”
The three heads turn to look at him when he approaches the side door.
“I got a name and it ain’t ‘sir.’”
“You remember when we were kids, that uh— I never, uh—”
He’s just a regular old Joe now.
Dean laughs, harder this time, “Bobby, what the hell. I
“He’s doing what you asked,” the girl says from behind the both of them. Dean doesn’t say anything. He stays looking at the corpse in front of him.
Dean looks back at the words on the page of the book. The adventures of Duke and Gonzo don’t seem as appealing as they had when Dean had swiped the worn copy of
seventeenth birthday and it ensues several passive aggressive comments that lead to John’s actively violent dismissal of hearing anything else. The impala would be Sam’s when he was old enough.
Dean opens his eyes and stares down at the corpse beneath him. The blood seeps out from the man’s stomach, soaking a large portion of his shirt and pooling onto the ground around him. Dean takes a slow deep breath and gets up to drag the body along, so he can leave it beside a dumpster.
“You buying, Winchester?” she asks.
Uh-huh. Right. A quick trip. A quick trip across the country.
The distant feeling returns. He finds himself turning to look up at the sky, although Dean couldn’t say who it was exactly that was looking up. His attention is taken by the sound of a voice. His head jerks to the left toward the sound.
“thought you were supposed to be sleeping,” dean says with a mocking tone.
by that?”
Dean drops the blade. Instead he presses his hand against the demon’s torso. He focuses the rage in his heart and his fingers pierce through the fabric as he presses inward. The demon gasps underneath him, body flinching entirely as Dean’s hand sinks into the vessel with an echo of the strength of a former knight of hell. He doesn’t grab at anything physical, but instead at the essence. At the metaphysical manifestation of evil that appears as a cloud of smoke nesting inside the warm flesh like a parasite.
“Good morning, Dean,” Castiel says, his voice guarded. He didn’t expect a response, so when he doesn’t receive one, it doesn’t surprise him.
Mary Winchester was arguably more of a killer than Dean had been before. She was rough in the places Dean was soft. As such, she was seldom the awkward Winchester, and yet, she stands before Castiel, holding herself upright as if she’s unsure how to as she says, “you make Dean so happy. He tells us sometimes, me and Sam. He tells us in so many vague terms, what you mean to him. And I— I don’t know of anyone who would do what he did for you. So, the love he has for you is— it’s a lot. I… I guess this is also me asking you not to hurt my son.”
Castiel turns to look at the back of Sam’s head. He detests that he really does understand. He understands the way in which the Winchesters operate. He knows Dean is willing to take the guillotine with a smile for his loved ones and he knows that Sam’s biggest grief against Dean is that Dean never understands that Sam is also willing to do the same without a second thought.
“I wouldn’t have kept hunting at school, Dean,” Sam adds in his head. Shut up, Sam. Dean thinks.
“The counselor said there’s a program that I can apply to for a work visa or something. I can make it work,” Sam doesn’t answer the rest of the questions he’d been asked.
A belt gets wrapped around Dean’s forearm and it’s off to the races. The needle slides into his vein and the first dose goes in clean, as does the next. Dean’s head buzzes with the feeling of invincibility when the belt gets removed and he feels a body settle into his lap. The demon kisses him again. Dean lets his hands go up to the demon’s shoulders, shoving the coat off.
The next few years go without much event. John keeps drinking and obsessively searching for the thing that killed Maria Winchester and only has one son there to take the brunt of that.
“I’ll be back next week, Coach Costello,” Dean says, “it was my birthday yesterday.”
The emotion swells in his chest and he takes a deep breath, shakily exhaling as he runs his opposite hand over the divine scarring. And he lets himself look the way he feels. He invites the emotion in and his eyes glaze over with tears and his heart sinks into his stomach. He turns to get the water in the shower running. When it’s good and scalding on his skin, he finishes undressing and steps in, letting the water run down his face. He shuts his eyes and chokes out a single sob as he grasps at the cracked tile on the wall, steadying himself. He inhales deeply, forcing it all down again.
“What
he takes a deep breath and thinks about sam. he loves his little brother more than he can ever explain. it’s unhealthy, probably, how much he’d done to save sam from everything. death, despair, sam himself that time he lost his soul. dean was there and willing to bleed for whatever sam needed. and he knew sam would always do the same. it was comforting. and even moreso now that they’d decided to take some time to really asses what was best for either of them. sam let himself want his apple pie life again. and it was the happiest day of dean’s life to see his little brother decorating the house he’d leased with eileen.
and as promised!
“something like that,” cas says, “and moreso how you’ve been the world’s lifeline and how i’m so happy you’re finally thinking of yourself.”
The little girl reaches out to take it from Dean’s hands. He gives her a final closed-lip smile before he looks up at the man again. The smile no longer reaches Dean’s eyes.
He takes a choked breath, then. His eyes stay dry.
Dean hears the entrance door shut. He takes another breath and then he steps out. He makes eye contact with the deep blue of Logan’s eyes and Dean raises his eyebrows, expectant. Logan steps forward, closing the large gap between them so he can say in a low voice, “looks like we gotta go.”
Dean huffs a laugh. He turns to look at Sam, “not a lesbian.”
decide what things they watch on TV. She basically
Dean laughs, breathless, as he brings the blade down one more time at his shoulder, near his elbow. He drags a short quick gash there. He inhales sharply as the remainder of the tension pools in with the immediate blood. Dean watches himself bleed in the mirror. And he exhales.
in that same breath. it brings him a sense of peace like he’s never fully properly known. because it’s about trust. and not trust in cas, not trust in himself, hell, the trust has nothing to do with either of them. it has to do with the fact that dean has finally let himself trust that things are going to be okay. that no matter what happens, he’s going to be okay.
Dean grins back, “don’t worry, I’m sneaky.” He winks at Zach and Zach rolls his eyes.
Dean stops, then. Because, yes, of course. He remembers the mark of Cain. He taps, or tries to, tap into the ease and grace that he killed the entire Styne family with when he goes after his marks. It’s gotten easier as time has gone by, but there’s an ache in his chest that follows him everywhere he goes. It’s a deep hurt, a longing. A love that he can’t shake.
“I- I can’t do that. Private information and all,” the guy looks up from his book, a light tint of pink across his face and crosses his arms against his chest. Dean gives him a curious look. The demeanor- it.
