“What the fuck are you doing here?” Dean’s hands fly to Metatron’s neck and if not for Sam holding him back, he would’ve strangled the asshole right now.
“I don’t know what I’m ready for, and I sure as hell can’t promise you it’s gonna be easy,” Dean says softly, his chin resting on Cas’ shoulder. “But I want to stay around you too. All the time, if we can have that. And I want to see what will happen if… if I let you convince me that you’re not wasting your time with me.”
Castiel didn’t have strength for anything else. As soon as Dean left the police station, the pain of another broken Commandment hit the angel full in the chest, and he whimpered in pain and hopelessness. He had failed again. He just wanted to lie down on the floor and sleep. Maybe this would be just a bad dream and he would wake up in Dean’s arms.
“Let’s not talk about this anymore, okay?” Dean asked, putting his hand on the nape of Castiel’s neck and pulling him closer.  “C’mere.”
He turned his head to the side and he saw his dad with Cas’ blade in his hand, kneeling next to the angel and touching the collar on his neck with the tip of the blade.
Slowly, Dean’s hand went to his own face, the imprint of his father’s hand already visible, even in the streetlight. He gave a step toward John. Raising a finger, he put it practically on his father’s nose. “You stay away from me, your son of a bitch,” and he shoved his father hard, both hands on John’s shoulder. John fell on the ground, on his ass, and looked at Dean with an astonished expression.
caused all my skin to peel off my body! Now you will watch while your precious Dean Winchester falls in my hands.”
"Dude, you sure you're not gonna eat that?" he asked, eyeing the hot dog Cas had left almost untouched on his plate.
Castiel disappeared this morning. Sam and Dean went looking for him, and they haven’t come back yet. I’m really worried.
“You saw it!” Castiel clenched his fists. “You saw the demons and what they did, how they turned to black smoke when I killed them! How can you
Dean peaks around the corner, to the library’s door. Cas is sitting on a couch, with a book in his hands and…
Crowley shook his head. “No, no, it won’t happen like that. He’s not dying of old age, Castiel. I will make sure he fails every step of the way on the very thing you’re trying to stop him from doing. The same way I made sure he pushed his father yesterday. He will fail, and each time, his soul will be more and more tainted and dark. And finally,” he said, closing hid eyes and smiling like he was imagining something sweet and beautiful, “I will personally take him to Hell with me. And every time he’s tortured, every time he screams and pleads for mercy downstairs, I will remember you, and I know you will be suffering because it’s your fault he’s in pain. I will make sure he knows you are the cause of his torment. There is no greater revenge than that. My revenge will be endless and blissful.”
He goes to the kitchen and starts making coffee. What he really wants, though, is to find some booze and start drinking, and if he’s lucky, he’ll pass out and maybe this time he won’t have any dreams. But Sammy threw a fit the last time Dean did this, and he knows his brother will be disappointed – again – if he does that. So he won’t. At least, not today.
Castiel was torn. Should he go with the blur button-down or the black one? Missouri said the blue brought out his eyes, and Victor said the black one was classy. And he only had these two options, because his brother hadn’t thought about his social life when he bought these clothes.
“This is to punish you, don’t you see? Or to punish himself, because Dean does that a lot. Come on, he loves you, and he’s in pain because he misses you.”
“Cas!” he grunted, seeing the state Cas was in. Bloodied, bruised and unconscious. His bare chest was covered in cuts and his breath was shallow. Dean’s heart jumped in his chest, aching with a force he wasn’t expecting. God, but he really loved this guy. Angel. Whatever.
“You know,” Crowley said, conversationally, “I didn’t have any intention of hurting you. You’re not even worth my time. But sweet cakes here fell in love with you, so I thought it would be a good idea to make him beg for your life. I’m curious to see what sacrifices he is capable of doing for you.”
Metatron gives a long, loud, annoying laugh. “You got to be kidding me! Dean Winchester is dead! I killed him myself!”
Missouri had given him the night off. It was Friday night and the diner was busy, but she insisted that he should go and have some fun. He still felt uncomfortable leaving her in a busy night, but her nephews Gordon and Victor, who also worked at the diner, said they would help her.
“Leave Dean and his father out of this. We can negotiate.” Castiel was willing to do anything. Anything so Dean would never have to deal with Crowley again.
“I’m not Cassie, and I don’t understand the appeal of a road trip.” Castiel grimaced. “And I don’t understand why you’re allowed to have an apartment and a car.”
Dean could tell Cas was a little bit uncomfortable. The guy didn't like to be the center of attention. He patted Cas' back. "Man, your parents really like angels, don't they?"
They had chosen an abandoned house to do the summoning, in a neighborhood not too friendly, because no one would be frightened by screams, and Castiel suspected there would be many. The angel was counting on the fact that Crowley had no idea John had gotten the anti-possession tatoo. That and the sigils Castiel had drawn on John’s wrist that morning with a black marker, would keep him protected, because Crowley wouldn’t feel his presence until it was too late.
Castiel woke up covered in sweat, panting, with the pain in his heart still there, strong and piercing. He looked at the clock, and it was barely one AM. He had been asleep for less than an hour.
“It’s more a question of… interpretation. As long as no one know about it, I’m good. They didn’t say I couldn’t do it.”
“Not at all. I offered to turn him into an archangel, since there’s no one left… but he insisted he wanted to remain a seraph. He’s very down to earth, so to speak.”
. They’re facing each other, and the intimacy of the position puts butterflies in Castiel’s stomach. “I’m sorry,” he says, even though he has no idea why, and starts to sit up.
"Why can't you accept people's help?” Sam wants to give up and maybe slap some sense into his brother, but of course he can’t do this.
Something that was true and real.” Castiel felt a pang at Dean’s words. He could see how much he had, albeit unintentionally, hurt the man before him. “Then you came. All nerdy, and awkward, and so damn
“I screamed and I begged him to let me go,” John went on. “But the more I begged, the more he was pleased to torment me. He made me drive all the way here. I saw the boys,” he sighed with a wistful little smile. “They’re doing great. Dean always liked cars, so it’s not a surprise he restores them. Sam’s a lawyer, and Mary’s still… still beautiful. I don’t wanna mess with their lives again.”
“Ya don’t get to tell me what to do, ya hear me? ” Dean grabbed Bella by the hair and kissed her on the mouth, strongly and furiously, and when he let her go, his mouth was smeared with her red lipstick.
Today has been a hard day. In the morning a low fever starts, and Sam gives Dean something called acetaminophen. It doesn’t work, and as the fever gets higher, the chills start. Castiel and Sam cover Dean with all the blankets they can find in the Men of Letters bunker, but his teeth start chattering and his lips are turning blue.
“I had the greatest mother and brother, Dad. Maybe that’s why. You know, Mom cries whenever you call. But I don’t think it’s because she’s weak. She’s the strongest person I know. I think she cries because of everything you could have had together, but didn’t.”
When I opened my eyes, I was in a corridor, alone, and it was dark. I didn’t know if it was day or night, and I had no idea where exactly in the bunker I was, since that place is huge, but everything was quiet. Suddenly, my heart almost stopped when I heard someone screaming God knows where and Dean shouting “No! No!”
Castiel didn’t want to think about it. If he couldn’t get out, so be it. Even if he died saving Dean, he didn’t mind. He just wanted Dean safe, because no matter what Gabriel said, it was his fault that Dean was in Purgatory, and no one else’s. “How will I find him?” He asked, trying to be objective. There was no use in dwelling in what ifs.
“Sam, please!” she begged. “I’m fine, we’re fine, nothing bad happened to me. But before we talk, there’s something I need to tell Dean. Please, wait for me upstairs, honey. Please.”
“I thought you had spent your savings on the new coat for Sam last week,” Mary said from the doorway.
Jack raises his hands in a pacifying gesture. “Hey, it’s not my fault that you were thinking of Cas saying he was ‘always happy to bleed for the Winchesters’. Your thoughts are all over the place, very loud, I should add. If you don’t control them, they just fly to my head. For example, right now, you’re thinking I’m an asshole, and also wondering what you’ll do for the rest of eternity if Castiel dies.”
Finally, Cas opened his eyes. “Dean… “ he said weakly, and his voice was so low that Dean almost didn’t hear him.
, I have no… how can I forgive your sins when I committed as much sins as you? Who am I to forgive them, Dean?”
And this takes him back to the start, because he knows this was Cas’ doing; Cas, giving him a bit of his Grace, wanting to take care of Dean, even at his own expense. They make him feel funny, all these proofs that Cas is there for him, because he knows he’s damaged goods, he doesn’t believe in himself the way Sam and Cas do.
“Dean, this is… Sam was devastated. He’d have stayed with you, not out of obligation, but because he loves you.”
“Fuck, Cas, you really did what I asked, didn’t you? You really went away and I’m never gonna see you again. Stupid son of a bitch.”
“Nothing, man. Just tired. Sam’s screams have been keeping me awake two nights in a row; I think I need some sleep. Um… “
Mary looked at Cas smiling, but gave Dean a stern look when he put more meatballs on his plate. “Oh, that’s good! No wonder you’re so polite! Only religious people would give a beautiful angel name to his child!”
Dean didn’t mind answering. After all, Castiel was an early riser too. “I have insomnia. Was always like that.”
Even in the dark, he could see perfectly fine, so it didn’t escape his attention that a man had materialized over the symbols he had drawn on the floor. Slowly, the creature raised his head and looked at him. The lights went on again and Castiel found himself looking at John Winchester’s face.
He does the only thing he can. He cradles Dean’s head between his hands and he gives him every bit of Grace he can muster, concentrating on making his heart start beating and his lungs start working again. He hopes it will be enough to bring Dean back. Because Castiel knows there won’t be another chance to save him.
“I said no, Cas!” Dean looked at him angrily. “You’re a nerdy dude! You – you sweep floors, you spend whole days reading Stephen Hawkins, for God’s sake, you could get hurt!”
“I could never – I didn’t answer you that day at the diner, I didn’t say I would do it. Dean, I can’t… I am incapable of hurting you. I just – I just can’t.”
“I feel like I have been living inside a shell, until now. Everything is… different from what I was used to.”
Sam pushes pie into Dean’s face and hearing his laugh makes Dean think that everything is gonna be alright, eventually. His baby brother’s laugh is one of the things that keeps him going these days. He’s grateful for that. Content, if not happy.
“Yes, he will. You know why? Because I sent your trench coat to him yesterday, and if he doesn’t come, next time maybe I’ll send a piece of you as a souvenir. Maybe an eye?” Crowley smiled. “Dean- o is going to have a big surprise today when he arrives here.”
Dean snorted. “Cas, a guy like you could be useful anywhere. You’re super smart, you could go to college or something.”
“It’s possible that the animals have something to do with Santa Claus’ story, because the Dutch figure of Sinterklass – which came in fact from the Greek bishop Saint Nicholas and originated the legend – absorbed some elements of the Norse god Odin, when Europe was Christianized.”
“I didn’t say it to be reciprocated, Dean. I said it because I had just had an epiphany and I was so happy for finally understanding that I could just say it, because it was the truest thing inside me for a long, long time. I realized that and… I had to let you know. But I wasn’t expecting anything from you, I didn’t want that burden on your shoulders. I didn’t want you to think you owed me anything.”
He had known Dean for such a short period, when compared to his very long life… how was it possible that Dean was already his everything? And now he was dead, and Castiel would never see him again. His whole being ached and he wanted to be dead too. Anything, just so he wouldn’t feel like he was lost, suffocating, hopeless. He had lost everything. He had failed as an angel, as a protector, and his love had paid the price with his life.
Castiel didn’t even wait for the night to fall. It was six P.M. and he was already banging at Dean’s garage door.
Dean lost himself in the feeling of having Cas in his arms again, and decided they didn’t need to talk right now. With his heart hammering inside his chest, he pulled Cas to him and kissed him again, sighing when Cas’ hands framed his face.
Dean jumps from his bed the moment he hears the same words from the night before. He can’t say he wasn’t expecting it, because this time he’s fully dressed. In case this isn't just a dream, he won’t visit his memories in his pajamas again.
“I’m almost four billion years old, Dean!” Cas says angrily. “The least you can do is respect my choices. I can be a little naive about the things of the modern world, but I am by no means a child, stupid and easily influenced.”
“Dude, I’m never gonna get used to this. You named your kid after me. Wow, I mean… I know I’m important, but… didn’t know you couldn’t live without a Dean in your life,” Dean jokes.
“I don’t want to know.”  Dean looked at Castiel, and there was betrayal and hurt in his eyes. “Are they all dead?” he asked, looking at the bodies on the ground all over the place.
But today, Crowley was cornered in an alley by a bunch of lesser demons that, apparently, wanted a raise – do demons even get paid? Dean will need to talk to Crowley about this, because money never seems to be a problem for the guy. Anyway, there were four annoying demons for Dean to kill, and he didn’t even think about the poor sods that owned the meat suits – the demons would torture and kill them anyway. So, Dean just went for it and killed everyone – except for Crowley, of course – using the First Blade, and the Mark of Cain in his arm throbbed in delight.
Tonight, he was finishing the kitchen cabinets. They were made from dark wood, and Dean took pride in the intricate patterns he’d carved on the doors, but he still had to polish them. That would have to wait until tomorrow, because it was getting late and now all he wanted to do was eat and sleep.
Castiel has already intervened twice. It would be so much easier if he had his own Grace, because it would just replenish itself soon after been spent, and he wouldn’t feel so useless. He knows they can’t go on like this forever, Dean’s body can’t take it much longer and frankly, neither can Castiel.
problems, right? Because if your asshole of a brother wanted the Apocalypse again, it was my problem too.”
Dean’s kiss had always left Castiel a little dizzy, since the first time, because there was so much more behind it than two mouths touching and exploring each other. There was a connection, something much deeper than what Castiel could see, even as an angel. It was as if their essences wanted to merge and become one. Being with Dean made Castiel feel as if he belonged to something vibrant, colorful and beautiful, made him feel
“Sammy…” Dean winces a little, as he sits up a bit more, and Sam makes an aborted movement to help him with the pillows, but Dean eyes him sternly and he stays where he is, leaning on the wall. “I… since I came back from Hell, you know that I didn’t come back normal. You know it. I was already fucked up, but… Since Hell, I… I’m broken, Sam, and I’ve tried to be the old Dean, I did. But it never worked.”
Cas’ eyes widen and his face turns into a mask, impassive, like Dean has seen him doing so many times. “I’m sorry, I made you uncomfortable. It won’t happen again.” He shrugs, and his lips are in a thin line. “It seems I'm not good at being an angel, but I'm not too good at being human either.”
Dean snorts. This is bullshit. He can’t start thinking about this right now, because Sam is God knows where with an angel that definitely doesn’t like him, looking for what’s left of Cas’ Grace. Which he wants to spend in saving Dean from another one of his mistakes, something he did to himself. No one made him take the Mark of Cain.
Dean must have heard Castiel’s alarmed tone. “Dude, calm down. I just have pie all over my shirt. Fuck.”
“You anxious?” Dean asked, looking at Castiel worriedly. “I still think you should’ve stayed, Cas. What if you get hurt?”
“You’re gonna love the film, Cas,” Dean said, a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “Sammy saw it with his girlfriend and he spent the whole weekend talking about it.”
Dean didn’t believe in God. If he existed, why did He let people suffer and bad things happen?  Why the wars, why do people starved, why do children die? He could draw comfort from the fact that there was no God, because the alternative – that He just didn’t care – was far worse.
That was the moment the angel Castiel decided he would never, ever, bring Dean’s death. He would do everything in his power to make sure Dean stayed very much alive. Spreading his wings and taking one more look at Dean, who was still dancing like mad, Castiel went to meet Death once more.
“Why not? Isn’t he your boy toy? But oh, Dean, I can understand that you want me all to yourself…” she laughed again, and to Castiel it sounded like fingernails scratching a blackboard.
Mary smiles. “I was raised as a hunter, Dean. Don’t worry, I always knew how to take care of myself. When you went to Hell, I was there all the time, but I was forbidden to talk to you. I’m sorry, baby…”
“Calm down, Sammy,” Dean drank all the contents of his glass all in one go. “We’ll figure a way out of this.”
He can’t live without Cas. Even if he’s technically dead, spending heaven-life without him is something Dean can’t conceive.
“That everything you did, since your mother died, was to make your brother and your father happy. And if that didn’t work, it wasn’t your fault. You try to find all sort of excuses for you father, when you know he failed you and Sam more than once; yet you fail to use the same kindness on yourself.”
Cas finds Dean watching the Christmas tree. With all the ornaments and the lights, it looks pretty, and looking at it makes Dean feel warm inside. Despite everything, this year’s Christmas is, so far, one of the best of Dean’s whole life.
The angel was sitting awkwardly on the sofa, John beside him, while Mary and Dean fussed over Sam. They told him to go upstairs and take a shower so they could talk. Mary retreated to the kitchen with the excuse of making tea for everyone.
“Look, boy, I can’t help you, okay?” the cashier rolled her eyes and said loudly, “If I let you walk away with it I can be fired or they will deduct it from my salary.”
“You know you could have come to me, Cas.” Dean says, this time without any trace of anger. Too much time has passed indeed, there’s no use in fighting again and reopening old wounds.
.” Samuel turns and walks to the door. “Come on. And keep the iron and salt away from me, will you? If you send me away I’ll be just sent back here again, and the sooner we get this done, the better for the two of us.”
“Or…” Jo smiles, standing beside her mother, “we were always busy killing the next monster… well, these things, we could do them all now, you know? And… it’s freeing, really.”
He starts in the kitchen because it smells as if something died in there. He scrubs every surface, including the counters and the floor. By the time Sam wakes up, hours later, Dean has already cleaned the main room too and he is in the library now, holding a broom and a mop, looking at the spilled whisky in dismay.
At night, when Dean knocked at his door, when they were alone after the diner was closed, he clung to the man he loved with a desperation he had never felt before. They didn’t talk about it at first, but Castiel could feel Dean’s apprehension in every gesture. Dean was scared too, and Castiel felt once again the weight of his uselessness, the despair of knowing that there was nothing he could do to stop Dean from making a big mistake. He could only hope that he would be the one to steal the file, that someone up in Heaven would hear his prayers and give him at least that: the ability to be the one to break the Commandment, sparing Dean.
He stayed a few moments looking at the paper, lost in thought. Then, he put the paper inside the book again, turned off the light and went to sleep.
The paper was bright red, with a beautiful, silky blue ribbon on top. “Must be from one of my admirers.”
Dean decides not to ask Sam what the hell he’s talking about. “Um, we better go looking for him, then.”
So, I went to Oz, and it’s so cool that I’m one of the very few people who can say that! It’s everything I had imagined, and more. But… don’t get me wrong, Dorothy is super cool, brave, beautiful and intelligent… but sometimes I got the feeling that she was losing her patience with me. Just a bit, and only sometimes. But frankly, I think it’s perfectly understandable that I ask so many questions, because I had never been a hunter before, and how would I learn all I needed to if I didn’t ask? And I may have been a little… afraid of those Flying Monkeys. What? They’re scary!
house, you mean.” Dean looked t his father pointedly. “And yes, I’ll be just fine. Are you going to start worrying for nothing, just like Mom?”
“Huh… okay, I… can we not talk about this right now?” Dean asks, looking at the floor. Then he remembers something else. “Hey, how come I didn’t have the Mark in the second scene?“
“No, no, no, no!” Castiel screamed, feeling as if his heart was being torn from his chest in cold blood. “Dean, no, please, I’m sorry, please, please…” he sank to the floor, taking Dean with him, and cradled his still body, crying, sobbing in despair.
Dean slept still holding Castiel close, and the angel, still overwhelmed by what he had just discovered about himself – that he was capable of love a person as fiercely and completely as he loved God – stayed there, guarding Dean’s sleep, trying to calm his own heart.
Castiel drives as fast as he can to the bunker, but here and there he puts his hand on Dean’s forehead to check for a fever, and it comes with a vengeance, making Dean’s pulse erratic and his breathing shallower. Dean starts shivering and he moans here and there. His eyes remain open, but it’s as if he’s not seeing anything.
“I knew I would have to come personally to get this one. I could feel, even from Heaven, that you were already trying to find a way to deceive me, Castiel. Don’t you know that no one cheats on Death?” Death said, looking at Castiel with disdain. “You had no intention to take this man’s soul to Heaven like I ordered you to.”
Dean nods absently. Mary kisses him on the cheek. “I’m fine now, Dean, so you don’t need to worry about me. I found your father in Heaven and now we’re together like it was meant to be.”
When Cas leaves, Dean wants to slap himself. He should know that Cas would interpret his reaction as rejection, because Cas really sucks at being human. Or, he is an alright human, who has a vast knowledge of pop culture, but who has never lived a human life for too long, so he still interprets everything people say literally.
Angels had been made to be eternal creatures; they were meant to live forever. Therefore, if an angel died – by an angel blade or by holy fire, the only things that could kill an angel – the Grace would simply vanish; there wasn’t an afterlife; that was for humans.
But first, he needs to be sure that Dean will be all right. He can’t stand seeing Dean hurt, or dead; even less turned into something evil. So, a cure must be found for the person Castiel loves, before he surrenders to his fate.
“It made me feel weak. Cain was a demon and yet he resisted the Mark, and I am a man and I couldn’t do it?” he sighed again. “Today Gabriel made me remember something Cain told me. I think I told you his story, didn’t I?”
“And now he’s out there!” Dean yelled, grabbing the Impala’s keys and running to the door. “I have to find him. He had just turned into an angel again, but I couldn’t leave him alone! No, I had to go and drag him back here to fix my shit.”
“You think I care?” Metatron smiles, but he doesn’t move from his position. “Asstiel can die, for all I care. Didn’t he tell you to not come here anymore? You should respect a dying man’s wishes. Or should I say angel? Because your friend is a disgusting hybrid thing that’s so distorted that looking at him makes me sick. I don’t know how you handle it.”
“And that,” Jack gets up and looks at Dean sadly, “Is why Castiel’s greatest joy so far was just in the saying, not in the having. You’ve wondered why he thinks so little of himself… but have you ever given him any reason to think otherwise, Dean?”
It’s not a surprise when the convulsions start. Dean gets up and falls on the floor. It’s not even twelve hours since the last one, and here they come again. Dean moans in pain, his eyes pleading – for Sam to make the pain stop, or for him to not call Castiel, Sam is not sure. But when Dean loses consciousness Sam doesn’t even think twice.
Cas showed up at Dean's door at precisely eight, in his horrendous tan trench coat, a cheap black suit and with his tie practically unknotted. It would have been funny if it wasn't completely cute.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t want to embarrass you,” Jack comes to the kitchen when Dean’s doing the dishes, after dinner. Sam is… somewhere under a pile of books, probably.
Because Castiel’s mind was set: he would prevent Dean from disobeying the Ten Commandments, and from dying; even that would take him away from home until Dean died of old age. He couldn’t bear to think that the beautiful light from Dean’s soul would leave Earth so soon. It just wasn’t
Suddenly, Sam gasped, and I heard another voice, this time a deep one, gruff and growly, speaking in a language I had never heard before. I risked opening my eyes and there was this guy in a suit, right between Sam and I. He was shorter than Sam, and thinner. And… there was this aura, this… power about him. He had his hand on Sam’s forehead, and the more he talked, the more Sam’s eyes glowed like a supernova.
Well, the world didn’t end. Yet. But it may end soon, judging by all the talk I’ve heard today. Castiel says we’re all in great danger, Dean is sulking and clinging to a beer bottle, Sam is God knows where, Kevin locked himself in his bedroom yesterday and didn’t come out. Oh! And there’s a demon locked in the “dungeons”. Somewhere.
He’s funny sometimes. As a human, he looks almost vulnerable. He’s quiet and he moves slowly, like he’s not used to his own body. But when I first saw him, the day I came back, he was so bad-ass like you wouldn’t believe. He looked so… powerful and it was so cool to see him. I may have developed a friend-crush on him.
“Brother, the point is that, now that Death knows you’ve had help, he wants you to fail. He wants you to feel that Dean would die anyway and that
That got John’s attention. “How do you know my name?” he asked angrily raising his head. Recognition filled his eyes, then, and he deflated like a balloon. “Oh. You.”
“Eileen and I… it didn’t work; she… was traumatized, I guess. Being around a Winchester was more dangerous than any monster,” Sam says when they’re in the car, returning home, wherever the heck ‘home’ is. “And Dean’s mother…  she got pregnant; we hadn’t planned anything. She, um… didn’t know I was a hunter, so I kind of… I retired, started working as a paralegal. But we were too different, it didn’t work anyway, and she left when Dean was fifteen.”
Dean pulls Cas by his sleeve, and hugs him. Cas is motionless for a few seconds, as if in shock, but slowly, his arms envelop Dean too. It’s a simple hug, one you give to a friend that you love; a friend that maybe is turning into something more.
“Why the hell wouldn’t we be safe? That’s bullshit! We don’t need your protection, Dad!” Dean yelled. “We got by just great without you all these years!”
“But I did, Cas. I do. I owe you my life, more than once. I owe you my humanity and I owe you never giving up on me, even when I gave up on you. I’ve reached to the conclusion that I owe you everything that remains good inside me. And – and then you left and I – why did you have to sacrifice yourself like that?”
He crossed the street beside the Walmart, without paying too much attention to where his feet were taking him. But Castiel didn’t believe in coincidences, so it wasn’t a surprise when he realized where he was going.
“But I never lied to you about this!” Castiel yelled too. “I may have lied about many things! But not that I lo-
“Well, love is really something, isn’t it?” Gabriel nodded, almost to himself, then looked at Castiel, serious “Cassie, you do realize your Romeo needs to at least pay for some of his sins if he ever wants to leave that place, don’t you?”
Castiel could feel his own eyes widening too. “You enjoy kissing me,” he repeated, like a parrot, like all coherent thought had just fled his mind.
John huffed a sigh. “It’s just that you spend all your spare time alone in the house, Dean, and for what? You don’t even know if he will ever – “
“You spent the whole day working,” Castiel stated the obvious. “And drinking,” he finished, after seeing the opened cooler by the car’s side. “On a Sunday.”
“You’re my best friend,” he whispers, “and you’re it for me. So, if you want, we can, maybe… spend all eternity together?”
Only one Commandment separated the man Castiel loved from his death, but he was sure that Crowley, or even the Angel of Death himself, would take care of everything and make sure the tenth Commandment would be broken soon.
Unfortunately, Sam started banging on his bedroom door, and the more Dean tried to ignore the noise, the more insistent his brother became. Dean sat up, and fought the pounding in his head and the rebellion inside his stomach. “I’m coming, don’t twist your panties!”
“You take care of him, okay?” John seemed determined suddenly. “And Sam and Mary. I’m gonna get the hell outta here before that thing comes back.”
Dean stood up slowly, hands clenched in fists, preparing to face the demon that advanced to him, but Castiel buried his knife in the nape of the demon’s neck, while pushing his leg up, and he hit, with his foot, the other demon behind him square on the chest.
But Castiel didn’t see this as a victory. Instead, he felt that was one of the biggest failures of all his long life. What a great angel he was, collection failures like that. He could only pray that nothing else would happen during the invasion, and that he could, somehow, find what, or more precisely, which demon had possessed Dean’s brother.
With trembling hands, Dean did. “I know what this is,” he said in awe, holding the angel blade in his hands. He had seen Cas using it when he fought the demons. “How – how come you have Cas’ knife?”
Every night, Castiel would look at the list that had now seven broken Commandments. He didn’t know what to do. He didn’t believe that Dean would ever kill someone. But then again, who would have thought that he would commit theft? And yet he had, because Crowley had made him do it.
The plan was simple, but there were so many variables that could turn it into a disaster, that Castiel didn’t even want to contemplate them right now, if ever.
, Sam knows Dean likes Cas, the angel is probably his best friend, but this... this looks almost like something entirely different.
Castiel sat on the sofa again, eyes fixed on the TV. “I can’t believe Darth Vader is Luke’s father.”
“But I don’t love ya, ya hear me? I never loved ya, and I was just passing my time with ya, just like ya were doin’ with me. I hate ya, and I wish ya’d just disappear from my life once an’ for all!”
Only then he made the connection. “Oh my – but it’s Bella who is married! Not Dean! This can’t be considered adultery on his part!”
Curious, he puts the bottle on the floor and bends to pick up the box, only then noticing that it’s made of wood, painted in red, and heavier and bigger that it had looked at first sight.
Dean took a few steps forward and stopped right in front of Castiel, so John couldn’t hear them. “Hey. Cas. Lemme plan this with Dad, alright? We
Suddenly a loud music started playing and Castiel took a step back, mouth hanging open while Dean started dancing and singing, a wrench in his hand as a microphone.
"That's an understatement, right? But I made a lot of mistakes too, so..." Dean says, but his tone is softer this time. "But that's totally not the point, Cas. The point is- "
“Yeah. Listen, Cas, even if I don’t know what happened… you risked your neck for me and I appreciate it; even if it was against the law and stupid. I know when Dean decides something, no one can stop him.”
things no one else could. At first, she thought she was crazy, and her mom and dad worried that she would need treatment. No one believed her.
Dean is in the dungeon, the same place where Castiel and Sam cured him. He’s handcuffed to the chair, arms and legs tied, inside the Devil’s trap on the floor.
“Please, tell me you have a plan,” Dean said, looking at Cas with apprehension. The angel looked exhausted, ready to pass out any minute. Dean couldn’t die here, but Cas probably could. Still sitting, Dean leaned against the wall, legs straight, and laid Castiel on his side, putting the angel’s head on his lap.
Before Dean can answer, he feels his mother’s hand on his arm. “Why don’t you open my door now?” she asks. “What you saw was only one possible future. Maybe you should take a look at the other one before you give up on yourself.”
“They can feel my scent. The Grace, and now the blood,” Cas whispered. He sat down heavily on the cold, hard stone and extended a hand to Dean. “Come here,” he murmured. “Please.”
Castiel almost smiles, because he can feel Sam’s confusion and embarrassment. He opts for staying quiet, and he looks at Sam with the more neutral expression he can. Sam, on the other hand, has his eyebrows arched and his eyes are huge, a puzzled expression on his face. “Oh, erhm… good. Good.” Sam replies, and flees the room after giving them chamomile tea. Which is very good, by the way.
But Dean shook his head, dismayed, saying he’d already tried and Sam didn’t even look at him. “You think he doesn’t know that? You don’t understand,” he said, and he sounded so sad that my heart broke. “I was four, the house was on fire and dad put Sammy in my arms and said I needed to take care of him, keep him safe. That’s my job, Charlie. That’s the reason I’m here. I’m not supposed to outlive my little brother.”
“I’m so stupid!” he exclaims, a hand on his own forehead. “Dad told me about it last night, but I didn’t pay attention!”
The next thing Castiel knows, he is lying on the floor, his ears are ringing, his head feels funny. Hannah’s worried face is hovering over him.
But Dean didn’t let Castiel go so easily. With his hands on the sides of Castiel’s face, he trapped him against the counter. “Come on, Cas, just a little make out.  We’re entitled to do that, we’re dating.”
“Oh my God, this is our fault,” Sam whispers, looking at Dean with so much sorrow that Castiel feels another pang inside his chest. “We gave him hope that he would be cured, just so he can die and turn into a demon again. We did this, Cas.”
“No we don’t!” Dean shouted. “You – you – what the hell are you, anyways?” he asked, taking several steps back, away from Castiel, until his back hit the wall of the small office. “That thing you did with the wings, was that a trick or what?”
“Thank you for taking care of me yesterday, Dean. It is very distressful being a child. I don’t know how you humans can take it.”
“Oh,” was all that Dean could think at the moment. He wanted to touch the angel, hold him and thank him a million times. But what if he was hallucinating? It had happened before; he had seen Sammy and Cas so many times that he’d lost count. He kept staring at Cas’ blue eyes, afraid to try to touch him and realize he wasn’t really there.
They were in the back of the police station, across the street, behind a wall of an old vacant lot. The night was calm, a Wednesday night like any other, and the streets were usually empty at one thirty in the morning. Tonight was no exception, and Castiel breathed through the mask, watching Dean wearily.
At thirteen, Dean’s grades at school were abysmal, but he always managed to pass the year. He didn’t have many friends, because all that mattered to him was his family. He helped at Missouri’s diner and at Bobby’s garage sometimes, and they always gave him a few bucks. He saved every cent he could to help Mom. Life wasn’t perfect, and he couldn’t say he had much of a childhood. But it was good.
All he can do is research, then. But they’re running out of time, and soon there will be nothing any of them can do. Dean will die.
The third door takes them to the same place, but it looks like a whole different world for Dean. It's his living room, or what's left of it after the fire. He can see himself in the same armchair his mother was before, and he’s cradling his baby brother in his arms. Baby Sam is babbling and making cute baby noises and Dean is cooing at him. On the sofa, John is passed out, holding an empty whiskey bottle.
“Man, you’re burning your hand!” Dean almost shouted, and Castiel put the pot on the counter, hurriedly, spilling the liquid a little. He looked at his very red hand in wonder.
Her friends helped. Missouri let Sam and Dean stay at the diner where Mary worked. She gave them burgers and let them do their homework in peace in a corner booth. Ellen, despite owning a bar and working most nights, used to take Sam and Dean to her house whenever Mary needed to work extra hours on the weekends. Pamela, Mary’s best friend, used to babysit the boys whenever she needed. Bobby, an old friend of their father, would come to their house with groceries every other week, and ruffled the boys’ hair, calling them ‘little idjits’, but he gave Dean his own miniature cars collection, because the boys were like sons to him.
White-hot, blinding pain explodes inside him. Dean screams, falls on the ground, and his body starts aching, with spasms he can’t control. Sam screams in the background, but Dean knows his brother can’t help him. He has no idea what’s happening. Everything is agony, everything is pain and he wants it to end now, because it’s too much, he’s being split open, he’s being torn to shreds from the inside and he can’t take it anymore. His blood is boiling, ice-cold and burning at the same time, and he’ll explode in a million pieces if this doesn’t end soon.
A week later Castiel was almost crawling out of his skin. Dean hadn’t gone to the diner again, and not seeing Dean was the worst punishment someone could inflict on the angel.
“You look, um, you look great,” Dean smiled. “I’ve only seen you with that fucking yellow apron, man,” he said.
Castiel sat in front of him and John studied his face for a moment, cautiously. Then he took a swig of his beer and put it on the table, empty. “Are you a priest? Pastor?”
“It’s a pity,” Dean says, finally finding the strength to talk. “You should kill me while you have the chance. Because if I ever get out of this alive, I’ll rip you to shreds.”
“We know you have this Mark on your arm, but it doesn’t make you a bad man, or even a demon, automatically. You need to give into the temptation,” Mary says.
And the more Castiel came back to Earth, telling himself that he would take Dean with him, the more he couldn’t do the job. Dean’s soul was a mixture of kindness and loneliness, and sheer, unabashed love for his family, and it just took Castiel’s breath away to see how perfect Dean seemed to be.
Waking up is something very good when you have someone beside you. Dean wakes up smiling, and he stretches in bed drowsily. He feels warm, with his feet intertwined with someone’s feet and his cheek resting on what is probably a head that smells like green apples.
and he would missed them forever. But the gashes had closed, leaving angry red marks instead. “We need to leave. Get ready.”
“Are you alright?” Castiel said, his intense blue eyes looking intently at Dean’s face, looking for injuries, maybe.
“I…” Cas looks sad, defeated. He puts the bowl on the dresser and sighs. “I can’t let you die. I’m supposed to look after you. I should protect you. But I guess… this is one more thing I failed in doing. I guess I’m not too much of an angel anymore.
“Please…” he hated begging; hated it with everything he had. But it was for Sammy, so he would beg if he had to. “The winter’s too cold, he’ll catch pneumonia if he-
“Hey, hey, sorry…”  Dean said, covering Castiel’s hand with his over the table and giving it a gentle squeeze. “I’m sorry, if you don’t wanna talk about this, I won’t insist. You’re not the only one with daddy issues.”
the guy’s vessel, and to say Cas is only a guy is almost an offense. Cas is bigger than everything, he’s light – although he has dark moments sometimes – he’s brightness and represents everything that’s good and well intentioned and right. Dean Winchester fell for the wavelength of celestial intent. The fact that said wavelength is inside a – very attractive – guy’s body is only a detail.
He didn’t have much of a choice in the end. Dean pushed him to the side and stood beside him, facing Crowley defiantly. Crowley raised his hand in Dean’s direction, face gleaming with triumph, and the palm of his hand turned bright red. He was going to hurt Dean if Castiel didn’t do
“I know you worry about him,” Jack continues, “I worry too. But Castiel is very, very old. And wise. He may not have always known what he was doing in the past, but he knows now. He’s in his element. You should see him in battle,” there’s pride on Jack’s voice. “he’s spectacular.”
Crowley. Just thinking about the demon made the angel’s blood almost boil in his veins. After the night he’d shown his wings’ shadows, Castiel’s Grace had almost disappeared. He was almost empty, drained of heavenly power, like an old and used battery. If not for Gabriel who had told him that his wings were still there, he would have thought he was completely human now.
"No, drop it, I know what you're gonna say: that it wasn't really me talking, that I didn't mean any of it, yadda yadda yadda. You and Sam must've rehearsed this speech together, huh?"
Castiel’s heart started beating faster. He could feel something bad was about to happen. Running to the nearest window, he saw what he feared the most: a cloud of black smoke approaching the police station, while thunder and rain abruptly started outside.
"But... but he is a good man!" the angel Castiel pleaded. "I do not believe his time has come, sir. Not yet! Give him more time, I beg you!"
Bobby crosses his arms in front of him. “Did you know Sam put these pictures in this box so you and him can look at them together on Christmas Eve?”
And since he could remember, there was the Lord and Castiel’s love for Him, pure and unalterable. It was everything he knew.
Not all of them, though. Castiel’s most beautiful brother, called Morning Star, said that could never love anyone more than he loved their Father. He rebelled against the order, and for that, he was casted out of Heaven, sent to a horrid place under the world, and the Lord called it Hell. Some angels followed him, but the vast majority recoiled in fear of the greatest punishment an angel could imagine: being away from Heaven and deprived of their Father’s love.
It was only when he muttered that they probably wouldn’t need him, because he wasn’t an angel anymore again, that I started to understand what he had done to save Sam.
Castiel could only stare at the Death. He was being punished for fighting against what he believed was an injustice and he couldn’t understand how it could be wrong. He was an angel, and one of the angels’ duties was protecting people, wasn’t it? He just wanted to protect this man; to give him more years of life. Why was it so wrong?”
He saw Dean turning to him, and there was no time to warn him, or to say ‘I’m sorry.’ He knew what he had to do, and maybe, if he survived, he could explain to Dean why he was doing that. A flash of surprise crossed Dean’s face before Castiel pushed him off the cliff. He could feel the foul breath of the Leviathans at the back of his neck, but they would never get him now, because he was jumping off the cliff after Dean.
There was a loud clatter, and then Dean said “Shit!” and a few other curses Castiel didn’t want to repeat.
Death glared at her. “Do not speak to me, child. You are not an angel anymore, Jessaliel. You gave this privilege up long ago.”
Sam doesn’t say anything. But he sees in their eyes the same despair he feels. His hope is starting to fade. The time between Dean’s ‘episodes’ is getting shorter. As is getting weaker.
Castiel’s heart did a somersault, thinking it could be Dean. But it wasn’t. Instead, a beautiful blonde stood at the door, staring nervously at him. “Can I help you?” he asked.
“I give up,” Dean said, because he couldn’t think of anyone else. Besides their extended family, Dean only interacted with his clients and a hook up here and there.
John looked at Castiel as if he wanted to say something, but even though kept quiet, the angel could see what he was thinking: demon.
What kind of angel was he if he couldn’t remember his mission? He was meant to protect his charge, not fall in love with him.
Dean was alone in the garage when Castiel came. He had his back turned to the angel and he was fiddling with what looked like a radio over an old table. The angel raised his hand to send his lethal blow.
Castiel: ”He was right, at least what he said about Sam was true. He would be dead if not for Gadreel. And we still don’t know if what I did was a good thing; we don’t know what will happen to Sam with all that grace I put inside him.”
“Cas!” he calls before he reaches him, arms opening to hug him, and Cas turn his head, his very blue eyes wide and …
“You can only come back to Heaven when you bring this man’s soul with you. I’m curious about what would happen to his soul if he breaks all of God’s laws.”
“Because it would mean there is a God, and there is a Devil, and this shit is too Bible camp for me.”
“There’s no time!” Cas sounds impatient. “Dean is… with every convulsion, he gets weaker, and I think ‘this is the last time, I won’t be able to bring him back anymore’. And today he just… the fever… Please, Hannah, we need your help. I need your help. I can’t leave him. I need you to go to Metatron. I need you to try to find my Grace.”
Sam seems to change his mind, though, and his face turns serious from one moment to the other. “Listen, Cas, whatever your feelings towards Dean are… I just want you to know I’m okay with it. I mean, if you and him want to be more than… you know… um…”
“I couldn’t come earlier.” Gabriel ran his hands through Castiel’s hair, carefully, slowly, almost with reverence, like the older brother he was. “I heard you, but even I have duties. Being Messenger of God means I have messages to deliver, sis. I came as soon as I could.”
He doesn’t move, and although his heart is beating fast and his palms are sweating, he keeps glaring at the angel. There’s something really badass about him when he stares a Dean like that. It makes a shiver run down Dean’s spine, but he doesn’t want to know why. Not right now.
Someone was slapping his face lightly. He frowned, wishing the demons would let him in peace. He didn’t want the dream to end. But they didn’t give up, so Castiel decided to open his eyes. It was difficult, because even that small thing seemed to take too much effort. Slowly, his eyelids heavy, Castiel blinked a few times, until the world came into focus again.
Rachel widened her eyes. “Careful, brother, this can be considered blasphemy! No mortal is worthy of us. We are angels; we serve the Lord.”
“It’s not that,” Dean takes a deep breath to drive the nausea away. “It’s… I can’t eat anything since this morning. Makes me wanna throw up.”
“I don’t understand humans’ need to imbibe copious amounts of alcohol,” Castiel said, while he poured coffee in Dean’s cup.
Sam nods, and his eyes are stinging, so he clears his throat and nods silently again. Shit, his brother is being all grateful, and Sam knows Dean only gets like that when he thinks he’s going to die. It’s his way of saying goodbye.
He leaves Sam in the garage with the animals and goes back inside the bunker. Cas is not in the living room, or in the kitchen. Maybe he’s still in the library. But everything is quiet, there’s not a single sound coming from anywhere, and then…
Dean got up on unsteady feet and towered over Castiel. “Ya had your chance, Cas. Ya ruined everything, so dontcha come here now sayin’ ya’re sorry, ‘cause I don’t believe ya. And ya know what? Leave, I don’t wanna see your face. Ya hurt me enough.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean yells, getting up in a hurry and running to the tree. The angel has a frown on his face, and okay, it looks too much like Cas to be a coincidence.
“Wait.” Sam’s eyes are huge and frightened. “But the Mark of Cain wasn’t passed to anyone. It means that…”
Cas had said, and Dean was still waiting. He firmly believed that Cas would come back, and no one could tell him otherwise. He was an angel, he could do anything, be anywhere, but he had asked Dean to trust him and wait. So of course, Dean had no doubt that Cas would come back. Dean would wait for him, no matter how long it took.
“It’s alright, Dean. I was really kind of isolated, I suppose. I… my family is very… religious. I was taught to obey at an early age, and it never occurred to me to question. Until recently.”
John looks different. At peace. The lines on his face seem softer, leaving him with a younger appearance. Mary’s presence did this, Dean can’t help thinking. Having a forever with the love of your life can do this to a person. Not that Dean knows from experience since he’s never had a… never mind. Lisa was never the love of his life, and Dean doesn’t want to think about her; still hurts.
“Sammy, I really need your input in this, but let’s just wait until the morning, okay? I can’t stand you singing anymore, dude.”
e devil’s trap, his hand raised towards Crowley, brandishing his angel blade. But the demon was faster. Out of nowhere, a sharp knife materialized in his hand, and he put it in his own chest, the sharp blade pointing directly to John Winchester’s heart.
“It hurts,” Castiel declared, frowning, and hurried to open the sink and put his hand under the water.
“You do realize that what awaits you down there is nothing but pain, don’t you?” Crowley smirked. “Because once we seal the deal, there will be no way back. And everyone in Hell will want a piece of your wings, just to show as a trophy, even though you’re not completely powered up.”
Cas is a good kisser. Given that he’s had so little practice, Dean assumes he’s a natural talent. They’re still in the first base, but Dean’s not worried. They’ll get there.
They have all the time in the world, and they’re not in a hurry, so the kiss doesn’t end anytime soon, and morphs into another one, and in so, so much more. The moon in shining up in heaven’s sky, but Dean knows it’s a pale comparison to the shine in Cas ‘eyes.
The first time Dean Winchester saw Castiel, he thought the guy was very strange. Dean had barely stepped inside the diner and the man stopped in front of him.
Dean opens his eyes, and they already feel heavy and puffy. He knows he’s crying, and he does nothing to stop the tears this time. He lets them come freely, and for a few minutes, he stays in his bed, looking at the ceiling, while hot tears stream down his face.
When he got back with the heavy bags full of fruits and eggs, Missouri and Dean were talking quietly and they seemed very serious. Castiel knew it wasn’t his place to intrude, so he left the groceries inside and came back with the pastries to arrange them on the plates by the counter. He couldn’t help listening to their talk, though.
The problem is that, even though he has a plan, Dean can only put it into practice, if he’s able to walk. Right now there’s fire in his veins and dark spots dancing in his vision. He doesn’t think he can make it to the kitchen, even less to the–
“I don’t know what happened to him,” she says, looking at Castiel apologetically. “But you’re not mistaken, Castiel. It is as you said: it feels like his life is slowly slipping away.”
You know, it was one of the best New Year’s Eve of my whole life. To be here with my friends, my family, is more than I could ever dream of having. I’ve always been pretty lonely, and although it never bothered me too much, I’ve always felt like an outsider. I even had fake names to go with my fake life, my fake job, my fake social security number, my fake IDs.
It was easy to pretend that he was just a regular man, dating someone he loved, and happy for the first time in his life.
Dean laughed again. “Come on, man, not even a beer? You’re 35 and you never had alcohol in your whole life?”
“Anyway, let’s get to the good part,” Crowley rubbed his hands together. “Today your torment may come to an end.”
“Whoa,” Dean put his arm around Cas’ waist, mindful of the deep gashes on his backs. “You know, we need to stop meeting in situations like that. Come on, lemme help you.”
The first picture is of the four of them, the little Winchester family, in front of their little house. Mary is holding Sam and John is holding Dean, and everyone is smiling, even little Sammy with his toothless smile. It’s a beautiful picture; Dean has one like that himself. It gives him an incredible feeling of loss, and he takes a shaky breath, because shit, they looked so happy, they
Dean eyes Cas carefully putting the hearts on the tree – he still doesn’t have the courage to tell him they don’t really belong there – with a smile. Once in a while, Cas turns to him, like he wants to make sure Dean is still there, and Dean gives him a half-smile, so Cas goes on.
“I don’t want to…mess things up too,” Castiel said. “But I have no experience in relationships, and I think that eventually I am going to disappoint you or make you regret being with me,” he confessed, because he was already hiding too much from Dean. At least he could be sincere about how he felt.
“If this will lead to a chick flick moment, I just woke up, and I’m not even conscious enough for this.”
Missouri also noticed that Dean hadn’t been at the diner lately. She watched Castiel like a guard dog, her expression stern.  Strangely, she didn’t interrogate him about what had happened, perhaps feeling Castiel’s sadness.
They studied each other’s movements for a while. Then Crowley lunged, and Dean jumped aside, escaping the blow. It happened again a couple of times more, Crowley always attacking, and Dean just diverting. Until the last time the demon lunged, Dean gave him a counter-blow, hitting with the knife the demon’s hand, opening a small but deep wound that started to bleed.
“Or you’ll do what?” the demon laughed. “Kill me? Don’t be ridiculous. You are so, so funny, angel.”
” comes to his mind and he knows that he’s looking at Cas’ true form. Even though it’s probably wise not to look directly at it, Dean can’t turn away and, well, maybe one of the perks of being dead is that he can look all he wants and his eyes are still working. Cas is
He spends a long time thinking, not realizing he has one of Cas’ hands between his. It’s like a twelve-year film is passing inside Dean’s head. Long stares, small touches, soft and private smiles, stupid choices, sacrifices… it was all there for anyone to see, but Dean was blind, how could he be so blind? Cas’ love for Dean was written in everything he did since forever.
Castiel gets up and fills a glass with water, giving it to his friend. As Dean holds the glass, their fingers touch and, this may be the cliché to represent all the clichés in the whole world, but Castiel’s heart starts to beat faster. Great. This is not good, not good at all, because the last thing he needs is to make Dean feel awkward around him. That is one of the reasons he’s been trying to keep his distance from the hunter, so he doesn’t make him uncomfortable with his – evidently unrequited – feelings for him.
“Eww. Poor animal, don’t want him poisoned. Where do you expect me to find food for these guys in the middle of the night? What do they eat?”
Life with Dean was everything Castiel never knew he wanted. Dean was funny, larger than life, noisy, brash, tender, considerate, beautiful, and
“And Cas suggested it would be a good idea if we lived in our old house,” John finishes. “He built this for us exactly as we remembered it.”
And now he was gone; like Dean had asked him to. He had left, and Missouri had no idea where to. Apparently, neither his brother knew his whereabouts. He imagined Cas sulking somewhere, but he really had no idea what Angels of the freaking Lord did when they got sad.
Cas gets up, all kindness gone from his expression. “The Grace is mine to do what I want with it. Don’t presume to understand my reasons, Dean.”
“No, it won’t. D – Dean, I don’t know how that weed ended up in my pocket, I swear,” Sam sobbed. “I don’t know what happened.”
“Go wash your face, grab a beer and wait for me here.” Bobby’s ghost bends down and touches something under Dean’s bed - probably the iron bar, because the ghost disappears with a '
But Castiel wasn’t taking no for an answer. “If you go, I go.” He would not let Dean steal anything.
Joshua smiled softly. “Come on, brother, why don’t you tell me this story of yours? I have all the time in the world.”
Castiel bit his lip, finding it really difficult to hide his disappointment. “But I thought you wanted me.”
He wasn’t used to relax and enjoy things, like Dean always told him to do. But now that Dean’s death wasn’t imminent, and the Ten Commandments thing didn’t loom over Castiel’s head anymore, it was getting progressively easier to do just that: live.
Castiel wakes up. He didn’t expect to wake up. Confused, he opens his eyes slowly, and he realizes that he’s feeling much better. In fact, he feels like an angel again. Almost as if… Oh. His Grace, he can feel his true Grace inside him. It’s not much, but it’s his; therefore, it can be powered up again.
“What did you want me to say, Dean?” suddenly Castiel forgot he was supposed to keep his distance and he was leaning over Dean, whose eyes had widened again. “Hello, Dean, I’m Castiel, I’m an Angel of the Lord, let’s be friends?”
He put the pictures back in the drawer and closed it slowly. He concentrated hard and a glance at the desk made all the bottles and empty packs disappear and put all the papers in order. Little things like that he still could do, even if they left him a little weak. It was as if his Grace now had ‘batteries’. It worked for some time, and then it took a while to recharge. He hadn’t used it lately, not even with Crowley today. He could spare some now.
But anyway, I asked Sam his opinion and he agreed with Dean for once. So, he took me in the Impala to gat my things. Sam, I mean. Dean was in the shower and Sam just grabbed the keys, grabbed my hand and off we went. He probably did this to piss Dean off, and it would be funny if it they were alright. Instead, it’s just sad. There’s no other term for it: it’s sad. Because Sam and Dean really love each other, you know?
“Shit,” was all Dean said. Castiel didn’t blame him; there was nothing left to say. The angel believed Sam, because he
“I think I get it,” Dean gave her a small nod. “Do you…” he took a deep breath. “Do you think Cas is alive?”
Anyways, all these… feelings, they’re good for nothing because Dean will die and be a bad guy and he’ll never know the taste of Cas’ chapped lips.
And here is the part where Castiel would tell him everything, not the half- truths he was giving Dean so far. Death’s orders, Castiel’s refusal to do it, the Ten Commandments, Crowley wanting to take Dean’s soul with him; everything. Only, he couldn’t. “I can’t tell you.”
Then, Dean pulled Cas by the hand without a word, up the stairs,  right to the bedroom he had just painted the weekend before, to the bed he had just finished three days ago, to the mattress the store had delivered yesterday morning. He took Cas’ shirt slowly, then his own, and he laid on the bed, pulling Cas with him, until they were face to face again.
It’s not something Dean likes to remember, because this was, by far, his worse Christmas night – and shit, almost
memories of him. Unlike Dean, who seemed to despise John and everything Mary had gone through because of him.
Crowley made a dismissive gesture at Dean with his hand. “Calm down, Ken Doll, I know it’s probably too much for your idiotic brain to understand, but I need to talk to the angel here, alright?”
Now Jimmy looks a bit uncomfortable. “Oh, I’ve just put my foot in my mouth. It’s just that – that Castiel was always thinking about you when we were sharing my – my -” he gestures at himself.
Dean gulped, and nodded again. It was too much, too much for him to do. If he were fighting against humans, he could do well; he’d had his fair share of fights in life and he almost always landed on top. But these were
He could hear Dean and other people screaming, and he could hear blades and punches and grunts, but it all came to him through a misty haze and muffled sounds. He wanted to pray for help, maybe Gabriel would come and help them, but he couldn’t concentrate enough, and all that noise kept distracting him.
They’re outside, in the bunker’s rooftop, which is an awesome place to be, because Cas built it on a hill, the sky seems so close and you can see the lights of people’s houses down below. It’s almost as if you’re suspended between heaven and Earth.
He tries to free himself and, surprisingly, it works. He’s been tied up so many times in his life, and he knows the type of knot that Sam uses, so it's really very easy to loosen the ropes holding his arms and legs. As for the Devil’s trap… he walks right across it with no problem at all.
For a few moments, they don’t say anything. Dean drinks his water slowly and Castiel tries not to look at him. It would be extremely embarrassing if he made things between them even more awkward.
!” Castiel yelled. He was partly grateful that there was no time to have second thoughts. The Leviathans were close and if Castiel didn’t do what he needed to do
The cell phone started ringing when it was almost dawn. Castiel called Dean’s name softly, and Dean, still groggy with sleep, picked up the phone from his pants’ pocket.
“I sure hope so, or you won’t be able to get out. No angel had ever done this, so it’s hard to know.”
He walked to where Kevin was, still passed out, put his hands on the boy’s face and, just like that, the redness around Kevin’s eyes disappeared and Kevin took a deep breath. Castiel carried Kevin to the couch and said he was going to be alright, he just needed some rest. Then he turned to me and his eyes were so blue that I almost choked. “Are you alright?” he asked, and all I could do was nod dumbly, because wow. Dreamy doesn’t even come close. Then he kneeled next to Sam and put a hand on his forehead.
“Hey,” Dean smiled awkwardly, apologetically. “I didn’t mean it like that. I didn’t call you useless.”
Castiel: “You’re right. I… I’m sorry if I despair sometimes. It’s just that… it’s not easy to be a human.”
“What did you do, Castiel? Are you insane? Are you trying to kill yourself? You know this Grace is already ebbing away from you, and you give it away like that?” Hannah says.
“The one and only,” Crowley said. “You know, that place you put me in to rot for years and years? It took me forever to escape, but I did. And now our situation is reversed. I’m almost tempted to fight with you to see who will win. But I have more important things to do, so we’ll have to reschedule that.”
After closing the diner, late at night, Castiel decided to go for a walk. The night wasn’t cold and he needed to think, to find a solution to his predicament. Why were things happening so fast? He was not ready for everything spinning out of control, and he hoped it never would.
He used to go to the church with Mom and Dad when he was small, but when Dad left, Mom stopped going. Years later, when she started going to church again, Dean refused to go with her. Maybe her faith in God had been only momentarily shaken; but his was lost forever.
Castiel couldn’t tell the truth; Death had promised eternal suffering to Dean if Castiel told him anything. But Castiel could protect Dean, keep Crowley away from him, could be the best boyfriend in the world and try to make up for all the things about himself that Dean would never know.
"I don't want to disobey, sir!" Castiel hurried to say. "I am merely asking you to reconsider your order to collect the man's soul!"
Castiel remained unaware of everything. All that mattered was that Dean, his Dean wasn’t breathing. Castiel felt like he was drowning in dark, cold water, and everything had ceased to exist; he couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t think, he couldn’t even start to process what had just happened.
“So, when the metal bar went straight to my lung, I knew that the little time I had to live… I didn’t want to waste it in a hospital, I needed Sam to know that he was my everything. He was, Cas, because that’s the way I was raised, that was drilled and imprinted in my brain when I was four. And, I had to tell him that, and if they took the bar off, I’d probably die right there, without him knowing it. I didn’t fight, not because I wanted to die. I just made a choice, and it was to let my brother know that he didn’t have to stay with me in the bunker forever, he could have a life. A normal one. I took him off from his apple pie life fifteen years ago, I needed to put him back.”
for you, is the only thing I have no free will over.  And in that moment of – of desperation, I knew I would give my life  for you again and again if I had to.”
is mortal; that one day he’ll not be around anymore. Anything I can do to prevent that from happening anytime soon… I will.”
Maybe? I wonder what happened between him and Dean to make Castiel doubt his importance. I mean, okay, Dean told him to leave, but he didn’t want to. Dean’s always looking at him funny, as if he’s expecting Castiel to disappear. As if he’s… afraid Castiel will go away. I’m sure he would never have asked Castiel to leave if he hadn’t been forced to do it. Maybe it’s easier to see this from the outside, and I don’t know Castiel, of course. But I think he, too, would never leave Dean’s side if he had a choice.
“No!” Castiel screamed, putting his arms protectively around Dean. “An eternity of servitude in Purgatory is a sentence of eternal suffering! His soul will never rest in the fields of the Lord!”
“If you know everything, smartass,  why do you ask?” Since Jack knew about the chili sauce before Dean said anything, it stands to reason that he knows every freaking thing inside Dean’s head, right? “And stop reading my thoughts.”
“Yes,” Castiel nods absently, suddenly remembering something very important. “But Sam, Dean's cure process was different...there was no bright light when Dean was finally cured, and you didn’t have to recite the incantation. It’s possible that– “
It ended all too soon, but Dean still didn’t let Castiel go. “Good,” he said, almost to himself, and they stayed like that for a few seconds. Then Dean blinked slowly, shifting a little on the couch, so Castiel took his hand off Dean’s hair and leaned away from him a little. Dean held Castiel’s hand and put it on his hair again. “Feels good,” he murmured sleepily, closing his eyes.
Dean nodded, astonished, and got up, extending his hand to Cas so the angel could get up too. Cas did, but lost his balance as soon as he tried to steady himself on the ground.
“Jack said… um… that I should leave you alone, that you have a lot of thinking to do. So, if you need anything, I’ll be in my room.”
Bobby. He was his father in so many ways John wasn’t – even if Dean loved his dad with everything he was. But Bobby gave him and Sammy some kind of normalcy, some domesticity they never got to have with John.
He should be thinking about The Mark of Cain. He should be trying to find an explanation for the pranks. Instead, he’s lying on his bed with a baby Cas, cuddling with him, and it feels really, really nice.
“I bet that is what Death was counting on; that Castiel would turn into nothing.” Gabriel said to himself, shaking his head. “But Castiel sacrificed himself. He was deceived. And if his Grace didn’t vanish, if it’s here, it’s because he’s not completely gone yet. And I have a chance to retrieve it.”
“Oh, we do, we do, my dear.” The demon looked at the devil’s trap he was standing over. “I hope you know this won’t contain me for too long. So you better say why you summoned me.”
“Um… thanks, Cas. But I don’t think Dean would be pleased to see you giving all your – already borrowed – Grace to save him. He would never forgive himself if he let that happen.”
“Wouldn’t you die for your family, John Winchester?”  Castiel squinted at John. “Didn’t you say you wanted to atone for your sins?”
“Alright, alright. I’m not gonna argue with you, buddy. You’re the angel here, you’re the expert in Heaven stuff, not me.”
Dean shakes his head. “I have no idea, man. All I know is that we gotta keep looking for a way to undo this shit.”
“Dean, let him stay,” Castiel reasoned. “Your father is worried about Sam. Please. This is not the time to fight.”
The angel walked slowly to the demon and, with the tip of the shoe, he erased part of the line drawn on the floor.
“Dean,” he whispered, instead of screaming. His heart, his mind and his Grace called to the man he loved so much, for whom he would give everything up, even die with a smile on his face, if that meant his love would be safe. He tried to free his mind of the fear, the worry, the hesitation, and concentrated on Dean’s face, hoping to at least get a clue of where to find him.
“I’d give him everything if I knew it would help him get rid of the Mark of Cain,” Cas said fervently. “I cannot bear to see him in danger.”
Well, Kevin and I danced. Sam and Dean, of course, didn’t. But they were smiling with us, not at us, so it’s fine. Castiel didn’t dance either. He looked too serious, looking at Kevin and me with his head tilted to one side, like a baby bird.
Anyway, I think Sam was apologizing. Of course it was not his fault, but Kevin had been avoiding him. Maybe he’s traumatized. God knows I would. I don’t know what they said to each other, but the talk ended with a hug, so I guess now things are fine.
Sam widened his eyes suddenly. “Do you think I’m sick? I just blacked out, out of nowhere! Maybe I have a – a – I don’t know, a brain tumor?”
Dean wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. He looked, really looked at Cas, seeing his blue eyes, crazy hair, the five o’clock shadow on his chin and jaw. Cas was
“You had all of these things, Dad!” Dean shouted. “And you threw everything away! Don’t play the victim here! You had a nice life, a wife that adored you, two sons that – “ Dean took a deep breath. “You know what, I’m not having this conversation anymore.”
Cas looked at Sam as if the guy had given him a very precious gift. “There will be another trilogy?”
He was already drunk and it wasn’t even ten PM. I locked all his remaining beer in one of the cabinets and when he came to me saying “what the fuck, Charlie?” I said, “we need to talk.” He rolled his eyes, but agreed to sit down and talk, so I guess he was really drunk, because ‘Dean’ and ‘talking’ are not words that go together. And it’s not that I think that what he did to Sam is right. But… if it were my brother, who knows what I would have done?
So, Dean did the only thing a good friend could do: he invited Cas to have dinner at his home on Sunday night, because Mary made a killer gnocchi dish and Cas would love some homemade food. Besides, Sam would get his panties in a twist if Cas never got to see his books and his videogames and if he wouldn't have the opportunity to show Cas the - disgusting - tofu salad or whatever-the-fuck Sam ate.
“I’m sorry I didn’t bring his soul when I rescued him. It didn’t even occur to me to see if the soul was there. It would have spared you two a lot of grief if I had just been more careful.”
Dean was waiting inside the diner, talking to Gordon and, as Castiel approached him, Dean smiled in greeting.  Castiel’s stomach did that funny thing again, but he tried not to pay attention. They were already a little bit late.
Dean suddenly realizes that he and Cas are sitting a little too close. And…is he imagining things or Cas is looking at his lips? Huh. “I don’t get it, Cas… what does this have to do with anything?” he asks, harrumphing.
“Yeah, I know,” Gabriel’s tone was sad.  “I heard on the angel radio. Poor Samandriel.” The he took a deep breath. “But no one told me Crowley came after you.”
The window led to a small storage room, with a lot of paper, a few empty boxes, dusty and old computers and even older desks. Dean was already opening the door, only a crack so he could see when the policemen left, as Castiel got inside.
Then, Metatron smiles again, a soft one this time, and that’s creepy as hell. “Of course, Sam. Since you asked me so kindly.”
"Yes, sir!" The angel simply answered, but it didn't escape Death's eyes how hopeful he sounded. "Thank you, sir!"
Sam looks at Dean with bitch face #162, and shit, it does't seem as effective without the hair. Sam is clearly not buying his bullshit, but he grabs the angel by the wings and gives it a strong pull.
The talk went on for a few more minutes; Dean’s voice always low and soft, Castiel’s answering with equal tenderness. Wow, those two really care about each other. It’s easy to miss this in their day-to-day interactions, but, seeing them like this was… nice. Beautiful. Dean needs a friend and, as far as I know, Castiel has no one else in the world; the poor guy’s family sucks. They’re good for each other.
“I know. But… well, Dad was looking, Cassie. You prayed to him, didn’t you? Well, He gave you a second chance.”
It reaches a point where Dean doesn’t want to open another damn door, because he already knows what’s inside. It’s always a version of how Dean failed his brother, how he never got to give Sammy the Christmas he deserved, the family he needed,  the safety he didn’t have.
Now, while he methodically cleaned the window, he looked at the street, taking in everything, looking as people passed by going to work or taking children to school. He had always wanted to learn more about humans, God’s most beloved creation. He knew a lot about them in theory, but he had never stayed on Earth for too long, his orders always taking him away from humans. So he lacked any resemblance of social interaction, but he intended to acquire the knowledge soon.
“He’s not dead,” Hannah says. “He bears the Mark of Cain in his arm, and it turned him into a demon when you killed him. Castiel and Sam cured him, but the Mark‘s hold on him is too strong. Castiel believes that– “
But as it raises its ugly head at him again, Castiel confronts the evil without hesitation or faltering
For one, it was good he used Sam as a vessel, or Sam would have died. The trials almost killed him and the false Ezekiel said he would fix Sam. On the other hand, the angel apparently didn’t do anything like that, because as soon as he left Sam’s body, Sam collapsed and he would be dead – again – if Castiel hadn’t put some grace into him.
“ – mean it, because you were just a baby and – what? What did you just say?” Dean’s eyes are huge in his face, and his heart is beating really, really fast.
Dean adjusted his pants, grumbling a little – and Castiel adjusted his own with discretion, still in a little bit of awe because
He should just forget this crap about family, feelings and whatever the hell his parents meant. He doesn’t believe he’s a good person, because he’s not. He should let Cas go – and Sam too – and… God,
Castiel and Sam have been talking. I think he’s trying to make Sam forgive Dean. But so far, nothing has changed. It’s nice to see they’re friends too. Castiel would do anything for Sam. Well he did; he saved him. He also messed with his head once. This is really complicated. Life is not a fanfic where we have the good guys and the bad guys. Everyone is guilty of something at some point in their lives.
Castiel didn’t say anything. Thinking about Friday night, Castiel had the impression that Dean was overreaction a bit. Sure, he had practically fled the car, but was it reason enough for Dean to be so angry with him? Certainly no.  But he couldn’t ask, could he? As he couldn’t explain why he felt so lost because Dean was displeased with him.
“It was too easy,” Castiel repeated. “Everything went accordingly. But it was too easy, we didn’t even have to fight him.”
Today, I haven’s seen neither Kevin nor Sam. Dean is glued to the couch with a vacant expression and a beer in his hand and Castiel is in the library, face buried in some book he found. He said he’s looking for a way to help us.
Going straight to his room, Castiel sighed and closed his eyes, as he closed the door behind him. Dean’s words still in his mind.
“It was out of utter despair, Dean. We were in a situation that we had no way of winning. And I… I looked at you, and your face, so devoid of hope… and you were
He was watching TV, but not even Doctor Sexy could distract him. Even if it was Friday night, he wasn’t in the mood to go out. He was tired, with a strange, hollow place in his chest with Castiel’s name on it. The truth was that he missed the guy/angel/whatever the fuck he was. He missed him like crazy.
Crowley smiled, seeming satisfied with himself. “Shall we seal our deal with a kiss, then?” Castiel took a step forward, but the demon shook his head. “Nuh-uh. First you let me out of this devil’s trap. Oh, and put your pretty blade on the floor on the other side of the room. How naïve you think I am?”
“If he comes back there is no way to stop him from possessing you. There is a way to prevent that from happening, though.”
“Hello, how are you this fine morning?” Dean attempted a little sarcasm, because come on, who was this guy?
“Don’t worry, I didn’t make this soup. Sam bought a lot of frozen food and taught me how to use the microwave oven.”
, he thought sarcastically, angry with himself. He hadn’t come here to fall in love. He had come here with a purpose, and he was letting things slide and get out of control, like a fool. There was no excuse for that, no excuse at all.
They’re sitting on the floor while, on the background, the animals are having a real good time with so much food.
Cas looked at Dean like he had grown two heads. “Didn’t you just eat a double cheeseburger before we left?”
Cas shrugs. “I know we angels gave you a lot of sorrow, and you have no idea how much I regret everything my brethren and my father put you through.”
Cas looked at Dean in disbelief. "No, Dean, I’m not giving you anything, not even a glass of water. You're going to get sick if you eat so much!"
It turned out Cas was watching TV alone in the middle of the night when Meg – yes, Meg, the demon – appeared in the TV to say he was the prettiest tree topper she’d ever seen, and the next thing he knew, he had been turned into a doll, he couldn’t move and he was on top of the Christmas tree. He’s sure it was really her, but she’s dead, and he doesn’t sleep, so how could he be dreaming?
He pats gently on his face to wake him up, and Dean opens his eyes and looks at him, but Castiel can see that he’s completely out of it. Seeing no alternative, Castiel carries him to the passenger’s seat and puts the seat belt on him. “I hope you don't mind to be subjected to my driving abilities.” Dean only looks at him with glazed eyes, and takes a shaky breath.
“Well, I am an archangel, true, but at the same time I am a Norse God, and I believe you, boys, saw me ‘dying’ other times. What made you think that this time would be different?”
“I know, you do, Cas. And Sam believes too. So, if you two believe so much in me… maybe I – I should start trying too, right?”
“You can’t. You can’t want anything, because you’re a fucking angel and I’m less than the dirt you step on. I’m a killer, I’ll never be relationship material and, and look at all the stupid things you already did since you met me!”
“Your love for him is amazing,” Castiel smiled too, because it was hard not to. Dean’s face brightened when he talked about his brother.
“I see his point,” Cas answers. “Only humans can feel real joy, but also such profound pain. This is easier.”
“Stop it, Cas,” Dean says, frowning. This is not how he expected their reunion to be. “What’re you  talking about? I missed you man, every minute of every day, and – “
Today Dean told me everything that happened. We spent hours talking and, although he shouldn’t have to tell me everything, I’m glad he did.
Well, I’m off to the grocery store again, but this time to buy the closest thing to champagne I can find. We’re going to have a party.
Mary shakes her head. “We’ve given you the tools. Now you need to do it alone. We can’t believe in yourself for you. But, once you do that… good things, amazing things will follow. And now,” she says softly, “We have to go.”
As he spoke the latin words that summoned demons, he thought again about all the variables that needed to go right for this to work.  They were too many, but Castiel didn’t see any other way. Something had to be done about the demon, and soon, so there wasn’t really any other choice but to do what he and John had agreed.
Dean started to walk, snorting, tossing the empty bottle aside and grabbing another one from the cooler beside the car. “I can’t believe it. I just can’t. You’re an angel of the freakin’ Lord. Angels are real, and I had sex with one of them.”
Metatron smiles and leans on the door. “God is MIA, he’s unable to help anyone at the moment, don’t you think? So I think you better run, boys, because there’s no way to stop her. The Darkness is coming.”
Before he knows it, Dean is half-keeling on the grass. “Cas, buddy, you got your ears on?” he prays, like he did so many times before. “I – I hope you can hear me, that you’re alright, that you’re happy now that you’re back home.” He sighs. He has no idea what to say. “I never thought I’d get a chance to pray to you again, but here I am.” Taking a deep breath, he forces himself to go on. “I miss you, man. And – and I know you’re avoiding me… I mean, I know I was a dick to you for so long that maybe – maybe you don’t wanna see me? You could… at least come and say goodbye, you know? I hear you see and help everyone and you never, never come to see me. And I have no idea why.”
“Come on, boys, there is hot chocolate inside,” Missouri said with a snort, turning and walking straight to the kitchen.
“Cas?” Dean frowned a little, and suddenly it was like everything had fallen into place. “You… you never had sex, is that what you’re trying to say?” Dean’s puzzlement was evident, but he gently lifted Castiel’s chin. “Hey… look at me…? What’s going on?”
“Cas?” he said, almost in a daze, looking at the blade in his hand and dropping it, as if it had burned his hand.
the Boss practically lets him do whatever he wants. Of course none of us likes to take a young life; when it’s a child, you can see how displeased the angel gets. But no one
Strange lettering decorates the lid, but they’re small and Dean doesn’t pay much attention to them, because all the important objects in the bunker are catalogued, and the dangerous ones are properly locked somewhere safe. Or so he hopes. But as soon as he opens the box he relaxes: there is nothing but a bunch of Christmas decorations. They look old, but still bright and beautiful; nothing broken, no parts missing apparently.
He couldn’t take the image of dream-Dean in pain from his mind. Suddenly he became very anxious to see him, to know if he was alright.
Not that Dean was dishonest. On the contrary, he was the most righteous man Sam had ever met. He just did whatever needed to be done for his family, always. Even not going to college and working his ass off at Bobby’s – before he had his own garage – to save money so Sam could have a chance at being a lawyer. Tuition wasn’t cheap.
’, the way he finally broke her control and the tender way he held Dean’s face when he healed him later. He remembers the remorse on Cas’ face. He remembers when, after they all fell from Heaven, the angels asked him to kill Dean so they would follow him. And Cas didn’t. He realizes Cas will never kill him, will never hurt him intentionally, even if Dean turns into a knight of Hell again.
Monday. The last time Dean had seen Cas; also the time he’d told him to get out of his life forever. Apparently, Cas had followed his instructions to the letter.
Dean eyed the demon warily, seeing blood on the blade he was holding. It was Cas’ angel blade, with Cas’ own blood in it. His stomach rebelled at the sight but he fought it. “Come on, if it’s me you want, so I’m here.”
“Wait,” Dean said, softly. “It’s not all you, really. I mean, I’m a little mad, but there’s a lot of shit going on at home, and – shit, grab a beer and let’s just stay here, ‘kay?“
John grimaced. “You probably won’t like this. But… I think we can steal Sam’s file. We can erase any records they have of him.”
“Can’t tell you, sis. There’s something I have to try, and maybe, I said maybe, I can undo some of this mess. Maybe not everything, but at least part of it.”
“We needed to take this man to the hospital,” Castiel said, looking at Crowley former host and anxious to change the topic.
“This is not the time to play the good guy, Cas. Didn’t you hear what Sam said back there? His future is over, his dream is over, and I can’t let that happen!”
Dean had seen Crowley’s eyes. He had also seen Castiel’s wings, and although the angel couldn’t tell him about the Ten Commandments, now he could tell him that he was an angel – not that it wasn‘t obvious now.
“Well, Romeo, I suggest you get ready to fight. Because I can see you’re really ready for anything. How about we decide the fate of your angel here, just you and me?”
Sam was only six moths old when John left Mary with two children to raise all by herself. That meant Sam didn’t have any good memories of his father. On the other hand, it also meant he didn’t have any
“We did kiss last night,” Castiel repeated. “I thought you wouldn’t remember, because all of the beer you’d consumed before the kiss.”
Dean shook his head. He wouldn’t accept charity. “I can’t, m’am, thank you, b - but…” he said, looking at the floor, embarrassment making him stutter.
“Dean,” Castiel opens the driver's side door and crouches next to the hunter. Dean is very pale and drenched in sweat, and his breathing is shallow and irregular. Castiel’s first instinct is to cure him right away, but then he will be too weak to drive, and he needs to take Dean home as soon as possible.
But Cas seemed determined to talk now. “I had never left my home, not for long, and most of the times one of my… siblings was always with me. When… when I didn’t obey, they just casted me out. Suddenly, I was on my own. One of my brothers brought me here, but he had to leave and… this is it. Nothing exciting, I’m afraid. You understand if I try to… avoid talking about it.”
Dean’s head jerked up. “I’m not hungry. My mother takes good care of us.” He felt the need to defend Mary; she did her best and it wasn’t her fault that she was sick because her bedroom didn’t have a proper heater.
,” beside him was distracting, Castiel finished the last line without hesitation. His Grace poured from his eyes, mouth, nose, everywhere, and went straight to Castiel’s name on the ground. There was a whooshing noise, and a pool of white light appeared on the place where the symbol had been.
“Cas…” he knows he needs to say something, even if it’s not what Cas maybe would like him to say. “I had no idea you even could feel like that. I’m not, I’m - “
“Alright, boy, alright. I hope you succeed then.” She patted his cheek and turned to Gabriel. “It’s been a long time since you brought someone to me.”
Castiel felt the burning in his chest getting a little worse. Dean was a free, single man, and Bella didn’t have to be a one-night stand. “You could have something more… permanent, if you wanted,”  he said, even though he felt his throat burning too.
The look on Castiel’s face seemed to calm Dean a bit. “Hey, I…I’m sorry, Cas. I didn’t mean that. But taking care of Sam is my job. This is important.”
“So, stop projecting them everywhere,” Jack arches one eyebrow. “You make it really difficult not to listen. And when I ask if you’re happy, it’s not because I want to know. It’s because I want
“Cas?” Dean looked at him, biting his lower lip, as if seeing Castiel’s eyes on him had made him suddenly insecure and hesitant.
“I saw you, Dean. You were happy. Eating pie, laughing with Sam. And I decided to step aside and just let you have the life you deserve. You and your brother together, like it was before heaven and hell came into your lives.”
“I meant imminent danger, Sam. I know your job puts you in danger practically every day. But…what I meant was… I would do anything I could to protect him. You too, of course. Even at the cost of my own life. This is just the way it is. ”
“And you would never have met him.” Gabriel rolled his eyes and put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “Now stop with the self recrimination. Come on, you’re alive and you’re still an angel, your Grace is back, full power now. Isn’t that good?”
Dean muffled a groan and stopped, holding Castiel’s head with both hands, making the angel look at him. “What, Cas? Come on, you know you can tell me,” he coaxed gently, kissing at the tip of Castiel’s nose.
Dean neither looked at him nor showed surprise for hearing his voice. He kept his gaze in the stars, but sat straight and moved to the side, leaving a space beside him. “Hey, Cas,” he said. “Grab a seat.”
“Sam kinda sympathizes with him,” Dean said bitterly. “Even though he never called on birthdays or Chrissmas. He’s been callin’ Mom, ‘n Sam says we need ta give’im a chance. I… I don’t know if I can do that. Sam didn’t had ta check if Mom hadn’t offed herself at night, b’cause she cried so much that I…” Dean blinked slowly. “Didn’ want her to leave us too.”
Dean was decided to change that. He didn’t have the courage yet, but he would have, hopefully soon. He watched as Cas ran his hands through his own hair, his face alight, excited, as if this was the first time he’d ever had a friend to discuss outlandish plans and absurd ideas about a science fiction movie with.
a human? To have sex?” Dean shouted at his face. “When you said it was your first time, and I thought ‘
The next picture is a funny one. They are in what looks like Bobby’s kitchen. A very young Dean is holding a baby Sam, and Sam’s mouth is dirty with what can only be chocolate.
John’s ghost shakes his head, sadly. “Dean, you don’t have to take care of Sam anymore. He’s a grown man. He’s bigger than you! Look, I know I told you to take care of him, and maybe… maybe I exaggerated a little, because I never told you when to stop. I never told you to take care of yourself too, son. I’m sorry.”
The body of the angel he had just killed was in his cell, and he hoped the creature’s scream hadn’t warned the others of his escape. He needed to be quick or he would burn in this place where everything seemed to be made of light.
The task was a simple one: go to Earth, find Dean Winchester, make him die and bring his soul to Heaven.
“You would never disappoint me,” Dean assured him. “It’s just a little… unusual, but I guess with the way you were brought up… hey, it’s actually a turn on, you know?”
Now Sam is looking at him, alarmed. They both stand on Dean’s bedside – Castiel carried him to his bedroom – while Hannah, with her hands cradling Dean’s head, analyzes him.
“You don’t have to say anything about… that. I said my piece, I… I spoke my truth. That truth still stands, it will always stand. Part of the reason I said it was because I thought… that I wasn’t coming back. But here I am, and here you are and, and I know how you feel. Rather, I know how you
“Tsk, tsk…” the demon raised an eyebrow. “Don’t play the mighty angel card with me; I can see a big part of your Grace is missing. Poor little angel, did daddy punish you?” he said mockingly.
If he’d known that just by being close to Dean, Castiel would doom him like this, he would have never come to this city. Everything that happened to Dean was Castiel’s fault, and maybe if he just went away, Dean would not break the tenth Commandment at all. Maybe with Castiel gone, Dean would live until he was ninety, and he would die peacefully, surrounded by his family.
“At least Gabriel will not be punished because of me.” Castiel sat on a chair, relieved. He looked at his sister. Jessaliel had always been a bright and fair angel, her Grace used to shine brightly and pure in Heaven. Now she was a beautiful woman, but he wondered if she missed her Grace. “Was Gabriel the one who brought you to this city?” Castiel asked, momentarily curious.
As soon as Dean left to go after Cas, Jess – still crying – had called Missouri, insisting that their old friend was fundamental for what she was about to say. Together, Missouri and Jess had told him who his fiancée really was, and at first Sam laughed nervously, because it had to be a joke, right?
“What do ya mean? That bastard won’t get to me again. Not alive.” John’s eyes were angry and his hands were fisted over the table.
They took turns watching over Dean’s body. But whenever it was Sam’s turn, Jess always stayed with him. She looked nervous, tiptoeing around Sam like a child afraid of being reprimanded. Every time she talked to him, she averted her eyes, as if looking at him was painful, as if she was waiting for him to send her away. Sam was sure she thought he was going to end everything between them.
to know what’s going on, with all the vibrations you guys send all the time! It’s tiring, believe me.”
Maybe I’m biased. I love Dean, he’s my favorite person in the world. And I can see he’s not okay. I really hope Sam will forgive him soon, because this is killing him. I know it’s not easy to forget something like that, but Sam is a nice guy and he loves Dean. I know it was Dean’s fault but, crap, he’s in a bad place, and it looks like the only thing that keeps him standing is the war that’s coming and the fact that his friends are here. Castiel. Kevin. Me. That’s one more reason why I’m staying.
He looked at Dean’s hand on his, and when Dean realized he still hadn’t let Castiel’s hand go, he gave a nervous laugh and widened his eyes, but before he could pull his hand away, Castiel gripped it firmly. He had never done that, had never felt someone else’s hand on his, but it felt so right that he couldn’t find in him the will to let go.
Dean and Sam are sitting on Dean’s bed. Sam has his elbows resting on his knees, hands covering his face. He only nods when Dean speaks.
“She fell in love with a man; a human, Castiel!” Rachel said, exasperated. “She left us to become a mortal!”
Cas releases Metatron reluctantly. “You don’t understand, Sam, the Darkness, it’s… it’s pure evil! It eats souls. It leaves a path of destruction everywhere it goes. And there’s no one in the world capable enough to fight it.”
Dean doesn’t miss the look Sam sends Cas’ way. But he’s feeling strangely energized, cheerful even. He doesn’t want to analyze his sudden change of spirit. And before Sam says “
“I live in Heaven, not in another galaxy. And yeah, I already said that, you do some pretty stupid things sometimes. But you do them for the right reasons.”
“Um… Missy, you’ll have to trust me in this one. Castiel needs help. There’s this… task he needed to complete, but he didn’t want to. Something bad was going to happen to someone and Cassie here refused to do it. Boss got angry, so he was, um… sent to Earth. As punishment.”
Crowley arched his eyebrows. “Straight to the point, as always. I like that about you. But really? A deal with me? Do you think I’m gonna fall for that one?”
feel. So, you don’t have to say anything, or do anything. It’s okay. Only… it may take some time before I fell less… mortified in your presence.”
“What’s inside?” Dean still doesn’t know why he followed the guy for starters, but he’s more than intrigued by the fact that Samuel went to Heaven, since he wasn’t a very good person when he came back from the dead. Well, the ghost could be lying. Only, this guy here, in spite of his harsh manners, doesn’t feel like the Samuel Campbell Dean last saw. This guy is still unpleasant, but there’s a peaceful vibe coming from him. So, yeah, against his better judgment, Dean’s gonna give him a vote of confidence this time. “Are we looking for something?” he asks, before touching the closest doorknob.
“Look, Dean, I understand that you’re angry, but I’m Sam’s father and I have as much right to be here as you.”
“I told you, not a word,” Sam warns. Then he turns to Castiel. “We were waiting for you to wake up. You all right?”
He watched, astonished, as the truck that had almost ran over him got smaller and smaller in the distance.
“It seems that I can’t make you change your mind, can I?” Dean put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, squeezing it. ”Alright, you come with us, Cas. Nerdy or not, you’re an adult, right?”
“I need to go,” Dean said absently, his fingers caressing a piece of the trench coat not stained with blood. “I need to, because if I don’t go, he will – “
? “Samuel said he was my Ghost of Christmas Past. What, am I turning into Scrooge? It’s not even Christmas Eve!”
Then, Kevin looked at Castiel, puzzled, and said: “I don’t know why they’re bothering anyway. According to Crowley, the tablet says that Metatron spell is irreversible. They can never go back to Heaven.”
He wouldn’t let anyone harm her. And if this Cas-whatever was going to be around for a while, Dean was going to keep an eye on him. He was definitely weird and he was looking at Dean again in that intense way that made a shiver run down Dean’s spine. This could not be good. Who knew who this guy was or what he could do to Missouri? Sometimes she was too kind for her own good.
“Demons lie, Cas. It’s what they do. You know that.” Dean was saying, so softly that I almost didn’t hear him. And I didn’t want to hear him, dammit!
“Good, that’s good,” Dean says, and then he holds Castiel’s face with both hands and looks him in the eyes. “Listen, uh… there’s something I need to tell you and… I’m not good with words, but…” Dean bites his lower lip, hesitates.
The confusion came like an avalanche, creatures of all sizes, some humans, some monsters, started running, taking everything apart in their path. The ground itself seemed to shake; they were so many. Castiel started running too, looking around desperately, afraid he had made things worse. “Dean!” he called. “Dean!” he tried to concentrate, but it wasn’t easy, with so much confusion and so much noise around him and the smoke making it hard for him to see where he was going.
“I want to go home, that’s what I want,” Samuel huffs. “Deanna was making my favorite stew in Heaven, and I had to leave.”
A burst of laughter exploded from Castiel, so unexpected that he almost let the cloak of his invisibility powers slip and revealed himself to Dean. It was the first time Castiel laughed in his full of obligations and very long life. And he liked how that made him feel. Not that angels were supposed to feel; they weren’t, but Castiel didn’t want to examine that particular thought.
, they let their guard down, and Crowley overheard a few conversations here and there. It wasn’t hard to put the pieces of the puzzle together. Crowley had always been clever and cunning. He found out why Castiel observed the man so much, and why he apparently had turned into a busboy in a shitty diner in the middle of nowhere.
They keep talking softly to each other, and Dean can’t stop looking at them, amazed by the adoration he sees in his mother’s eyes and the happiness in his own. He doesn’t remember this particular moment, but he remembers that they used to have a Christmas tree and presents; Dean’s stocking was full of candies on Christmas day, and his present was always the biggest box under the tree.
“Lemme take a look,” Dean says, his hands already on Cas’ shoulders, looking for a way to take the armor off him.”
’ meant, Mary was already out of it, opening a flower shop with her best friend Pamela and full of plans for the future.
“Of course,” and here Cas blushes like a teenager. “I… I’m sorry if I seemed too eager for your company. I just… I wanted to feel safe and, well…” Cas looks at the floor, apparently unable to finish the sentence.
He looked at Dean speculatively when Cas sat beside Dean, with his chair maybe a little too close to Dean’s, but didn’t say anything, shoving a plate of French fries in front of them instead.
“I suppose I should be glad,” Jack goes on. “If they decide to go against us, it means they’re starting to understand free will. If Castiel changed, so can they. Although, he’s always had an incentive, which they lack. Anyway, Castiel is good at convincing them; even if he’s my father, he wouldn’t be my commander if he wasn’t a good strategist.”
“Really, Sammy?” Dean snorts, while Sam carefully picks the baby from the floor to take him to the couch. When he turns baby Cas on his arms, though, Dean can see two tiny white wings on the baby’s back.
Dean didn’t seem to mind the contact. He looked at Castiel. “Look, I just need some time alone, Cas.” His mouth formed a thin line. “I need to figure out some things on my own. I – I’ll call you at the diner tomorrow, okay?”
Sam gets closer too, pats his back. It’s strange that he doesn’t try to hug Dean, but well, Dean was about to hurt him when Cas arrived, so it’s a wonder Sam is here at all. “I’m really glad it worked,” he says, and his eyes are moist again. He looks like he’s already forgiven Dean and, wow, Sam’s heart is really big and soft, because he probably has. Crap. Dean’s little brother is a giant girl.
Dean stopped in front of Sam, blocking his view of the living room, where Castiel’s bloodied coat was in full view. “Sam, there’s something Jess needs to tell you.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, despite the gravity of the situation. “Just stay there,” he ordered again, and went inside the adjacent office to look for the keys.
I asked how he felt, with the grace inside him, and he said he’s great. But he’s also scared. He said he’s thankful for what Castiel did, but he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop, because nothing for him is easy, ever. He thinks he won’t survive this, because God knows if the grace is fixing him or just acting as a buffer to keep him from dropping dead.
Castiel had never wanted to fall; he had never wanted to love a human, whose life was so short when compared to his. But if these past weeks were any indication of how the rest of his life with Dean was going to be, Castiel would gladly live by his side until Dean was a hundred years old.
Castiel nodded, relieved that his big brother was helping him. Gabriel knew everything a bout Earth. Castiel, on the other hand, was not versed in earthly matters, having only being on Earth briefly, when his job required. He was not familiar with the way humans talked or walked or behaved. Without help, he would be a failure at befriending Dean Winchester and preventing his death.
They hadn’t seen me. Maybe that’s because I was hidden in the huge armchair on the corner, with my back to the door. What? I wanted to be alone for a while. And I was so engrossed on Tumblr that I hadn’t seen them coming. They were so close that their heads were almost touching and I don’t think any of them was reading much.
Finally, finally, he has Sam right where he wants him: his back to Dean, unaware of his presence. There’s enough demon inside him to kill Sam without any remorse. He swings the hammer, but Sam ducks right on time and Ruby’s knife ends on Dean’s neck. One small move and Sam can kill him.
“Merry Christmas, Sammy,” four, almost five year old Dean whispers to his brother, and Sam smiles happily, completely oblivious to the mess around him. There’s no tree in the living room, and the place looks filthy, with grimy furniture and dusty floor. The walls are blackened, probably due to the fire, and Dean supposes all the bedrooms upstairs were destroyed, because Sam's cradle is in a corner.
Metatron’s face turns angry in a second. “And you think these small concessions would make me help you? Do you think I’m that stupid?”
“Exactly. But now, without the demon part of him – given by the mark – there’s only Dean, and Dean was dead. So I think that… it’s possible that he’s dying again, this time slowly, for there is no wound to cause him immediate death, but… there’s nothing to anchor his soul here. He will die and…” Castiel stops talking, because what he’s thinking now is too horrible for him to put into words.
Castiel nodded. He couldn’t read John’s thoughts, but he could still feel the truth emanating from his words. He was sorry for his mistakes, and now he clearly was in need of someone he could talk to. Castiel would be that person, if only because this was Dean’s father.
“Stop right there, I told you!” Dean snapped. “You think I’m stupid? You think I’m gonna fall in your pretty story about Heaven and Hell? How naïve do you think I am? This is bull shit!”
Dean’s smile widens. “Yeah, thank you, Cas. I’m a demon because of you. I’m glorious and perfect because of you.”
Old Dean starts scratching his right arm, and Dean knows what he’s scratching at: The Mark of Cain is still with him.
When he wakes up, the first thing he sees is Dean. The man is looking at him, his expression serious. “You asshole,” he says, but his tone isn’t harsh. “You’re gonna get yourself killed.”
On Friday night, Castiel was ready to go out with Dean. “Not a date”, he repeated in his head. But he was immensely fond of the man, and he was happy that Dean had asked him out. On the non-date.
“Oh, I don’t think so. Dean-o brags about being a tough guy, but he has a soft heart, which is convenient, considering he will soon try to play knight-in-a-shining-armor to rescue you. You don’t look like a damsel in distress, but it’ll do.”
Gabriel hadn’t had much hope that Castiel’s Grace wouldn’t be lost; but he was desperate, and since his death hadn’t been natural – or what passed for natural for an angel – Gabriel had come here as a last attempt to see if there was something, anything he could do for his brother. It was with unimaginable relief that he looked at the cypress now, knowing that Castiel’s Grace was safe, even though he had no idea how it had ended up here.
“Because the rebellion is about me, partly, Castiel thinks it’s not wise that I go. I trust his judgement.” Jack says. “Some angels think I’m too young to rule the universe.”
.” Dean rolled his eyes. “I’m just saying that… hey, let’s make a deal: someday we’re going on a road trip, what do you say? Just you and me, no destination, just… living, you know?”
Deal gave a small laugh. “Man, you are something. Look, I just need a cup of coffee and someone to talk to. My coffee maker is fine.”
“What are we going to do now?” Sam said, completely lost, looking to Jess as if asking for guidance.
The window was a little higher than they’d hoped, but Dean jumped with ease and clung to the windowsill, pushing his body inside. Castiel was right behind him, looking around frantically as if that would show him a way to stop th
“Not only his,” she said, putting a hand on his arm. “We’re talking about your death too. And what will happen if you kill anyone.”
“Oops. You’re right. Um…then, why don’t we make a deal? You leave the angel there and you and me fight for him. The winner takes the prize home, what do you say?”
“Okay, is this some kind of joke?” Dean asked, looking at the guy for real for the first time, and whoa! Blue eyes, bed hair, a light stubble…the guy was a looker, but apparently, completely nuts.
“Alright.” Castiel kept a little distance between them, not daring to approach, much less sitting beside Dean, like he had done many times before. He waited for Dean to start talking, anxious to know what was going on inside the man’s mind.
“I understand,” Castiel cut his speech, “But if you help our fallen brothers against Heaven’s orders, isn’t it disobedience?”
---- This booklet was published by Samandriel Books. Editor: Charlie Bradburry. All rights reserved.
Dean thinks. He schools his expression, trying to keep neutral and cool about it. “Huh… yes, you were almost sleeping, so that’s okay if you really didn’t – “
Dean nods slightly. “Cas…?” he tries again. But Cas is still like a marble statue. All Dean can think of is that Cas was already hurt when they went to hell, and on top of that he was stabbed, and now he – he shakes his head to send the dark thoughts away. Cas can’t die here, can he? Dean has just killed a couple of angels a few hours ago, but they were in hell. Do angels die in heaven?
“Dean was good and kind. You and your schemes turned him into a puppet and finally killed him!” she said, her voice trembling. “Please, go away and let us burry him in peace.”
“Oh.” John didn’t seem impressed, and went right to business. He eyed Gabriel wearily. “If you’re an archangel, can’t you undo this?”
“Oh, I’d say it’s very much your problem, because the Mark should not have been removed. It should have been passed to another, to ensure that the lock remained unbroken and the Darkness remained banned.” Metatron smiles, an evil, mocking smile.
“A penny for your thoughts,” John said, waving a cinnamon roll in front of Dean. “You want some? You better be quick before Ash gets there.”
“I don’t think it’s going to be easy,” Cas says, when he comes with food. “But he’s the only one who knows where my Grace is.”
“Dean, please… don’t do this,” Castiel begged once more. This couldn’t be happening. It just couldn’t.
“Yeah, I see it, I see it,” Dean exits to the corridor, closing the door behind him. “I see how he’s wasting his time putting his faith in me. I mean, have you seen how many stupid mistakes I made?” He shows Bobby his arm, where the blue Mark of Cain is easy to see.
An angel of the Lord was in love with him. Him, Dean Winchester, fucked up, stubborn, stupid and selfish. And Cas loved him anyway. Shit. Wasn’t that mindblowing.
“When you sent all those souls back to Purgatory, and you fell on the ground, all bloodied,” Dean says, and he’s looking at his own hand on Castiel’s chest, “I kneeled beside you and there was no heartbeat, no pulse. Nada. I didn’t know if angels were supposed to have a pulse. I realized that… that I
“Yeah. Dean Winchester,” he says, because now he has to make small talk with the guy, and he really, really doesn’t want to. His chest gives a funny pang when he looks at him, and Dean thinks of Claire, for the first time really understanding what she went through whenever she looked at Cas and thought of her father. Dean is looking at one, wanting to see the other, because they look the same but they’re so, so different, and it’s just...disappointing doesn’t even get close.
“Yeah, he’s… around.” Dean says, looking around, already knowing he won’t find Sam here, because his brother found Bobby’s library and, the big nerd he is, he must be reading somewhere, even though they don’t hunt anymore. “
“Sammy!” he called, but he couldn’t concentrate on his brother, because the demon he was fighting tackled him to the ground and pinned him down. Then, there was another one holding his legs and shit, he was going to die like this, and the last thing he was going to see were two fucking demons laughing on his face.
And here Dean would be laughing about the hope he hears in his brother’s voice. But he’s freaking out, while trying his best not to freak out. “Um, Sam, you didn’t happen to buy an angel for our tree, did you? One that looks exactly like Cas?”
He stays where he is, too weak and too tired to move. He doesn’t want to look at Cas anyway, because like Sam’s eyes, Cas’ will be full of pity, and Dean doesn’t want to see that.
On the other hand, if the angel fell, the Grace would simply stay in Heaven, because they belonged here. And Joshua, as the Gardener he was, and as a tribute to his fallen brothers and sisters, always made sure they turned into beautiful trees, and he had always cared for them. Many angels saw the fallen ones as unworthy, but the Gardener always made sure they were remembered somehow.
He took a deep breath and went on. “We’re going to fix this shit, I swear; even if I die trying. Because if one of us is going to die in this Heaven-Hell push and pull, it’s gonna be me. Sammy will get a job, find a girl, get married and live the apple pie life he wanted me to have. That shit’s not for me anyway. I was never normal and I’ll never be.”
Still screaming, while his own essence burned, Castiel slid slowly to the floor until he stopped, quiet and lifeless, and all the light in his body went out. And everyone saw, in horror, on the ground, framing his body, the mark of two huge wings, like ashes of what he’d been.
He remembers Hannah’s words: “Are you insane?” And yes, maybe he is. He already knows he will do anything for Dean. He doesn’t mind dying, exactly. Maybe it would be a good thing, to free the world of someone whose mistakes cost so much to everyone.
Castiel’s shoulders sagged with dismay. “Dean,” he tried. “Don’t do this. There must be another way. It’s dangerous.” But Dean was looking at John now, completely convinced that it was the best way, the only way.
Castiel got up. “You always have a choice, John Winchester. You made the wrong one before, but I believe it’s never too late to fix your mistakes if you truly regret them. Goodbye.”
“You should have, because the pact was made with ashes and blood, and he can only die when I die too – which will be never – but the opposite worked just fine this time. You left the bastard alive, and I didn’t die because of it.”
“Yes, um…” Cas gestures at Miracle. “I found your dog.” He’s dressed as always, white shirt, black suit, tan trench coat, tie askew. He looks awesome. He’s a few steps away, and he doesn’t come closer. The smile he gives Dean doesn’t exactly reaches his eyes; not that Cas smiled a lot. But he’s looking at Miracle now, like he’s avoiding looking at Dean. ”I hope all is well with you…?” he says lamely.
Dean watched, through the living room’s window, with his mouth hanging open. He wanted to go and get Cas, even though it was probably a big mistake, and Jess was making him
The angel called to the little Grace he still had in a desperate attempt keep Dean alive. He called to every particle of it
Death started to walk around the angel, eyeing him critically, while the young angel stood his ground, albeit nervously. Then Death stopped in front of him again, eyeing him like a rare specimen in a lab and the angel lowered his eyes, as if waiting for punishment.
“I went to you. I… I saw you collecting autumn leaves that had fallen from your backyard trees. You looked at peace. Happy, even. I… I couldn’t take that peace away from you, throw you again in that war, a battle I had no hope to win.”
Sam snorts, self-deprecatingly. “Sure. But the way to hell is paved with good intentions, Cas.” He shakes his head. “This is on me. On us. We didn't think about what would happen.”
Dean thinks of Cas’ true form and the way he gives every bit of his focus in a fight, and well, he has to agree with Jack, Cas fighting in heaven must be something to behold.
“Tell me about it,” Dean laughed. Last week I was at the Roadhouse and she practically sat on my lap.”
. It was almost funny that he'd once thought Cas was a danger to Missouri - well, he was just being protective of his friend, okay? A guy appears out of nowhere and... But that was not the point. The point was that Dean really liked Cas, and what do you do when you really like someone? You introduce them to your Mom.
Dean gave a relieved breath, but then Crowley was reaching behind himself, producing another blade out of thin air. Actually, it looked more like a big kitchen knife, and Dean was very much sure this one could hurt him.
“Yes, Cas?” Dean’s face appears from the library, and here he comes, holding a bunch of old records and – whoa! He looks completely different from the Dean they just saw behind the other door. His hair still has some gray in it, but it’s a little bit longer, styled with gel in a fashion way, and he’s well dressed, with dark jeans and a blue button down, the long sleeves rolled up to the elbows.
“Dean!” he said loudly, grabbing at Dean’s arm, “Whatever happens, I want you to leave this place now!”
"Food is not so important to me, Dean. There are other more important things in the world,” Cas said, grabbing Dean's empty plates and glasses and taking them to the kitchen.
Castiel took a deep breath. “I… I have many brothers and sisters. But lately I’ve been separated from them. I’ve been close to one of my brothers, though. I haven’t seen him in a long time, but... he helped me when I needed him.”
Alright, Mom was happier now, and Sammy was growing up happy enough. But Dean didn’t thank God for that. It was just luck and chance, randomly given to people and randomly taken away at the turn of the tide; and maybe a little determination
Crowley stopped and grimaced. “Ouch.” Then, he made a movement with his hand and Dean went flying to the other side of the room, hitting his back with full force into the wall. “Sorry, I got bored, don’t want to play anymore,” he said.
“This is not me, boy, these are your own memories,” the ghost answers. “You want this to end, let’s move along. There are a lot of doors in this damn corridor, and you need to open every single one.”
Cas looked so weak that he couldn’t keep his eyes open. “I’m s – sorry I lied t – to you. I wanted to – to spare you this. A – and all I did was… bring you here, right to him.” He spoke slowly, and so low that Dean could barely hear what he was saying.
Lightning crashes through the ceiling and strikes Dean’s forearm. His arm and the Mark of Cain glow red and crackle, and he screams in pain, but the Mark disappears with a loud pop. The lightning is blasted from Dean’s arm and goes back through the ceiling, and they can hear the noise it makes as it probably goes up through all the bunker’s floors, to the sky.
John laughed and sat heavily in the sofa, eating the rest of the roll in one bite. “I can’t help it, you’re too funny when you get annoyed.”
Sam just gave him bitchface #41, kissed Jess lightly on the lips and went upstairs whistling an old lullaby. What a girl.
“One who should be home with his wife,” Bobby answers. “We were about to go to Ellen’s Heaven when I was called.”
“Yep,” Dean’s slow, beautiful smile was starting again, and Castiel would give everything to see him always like that, confident and happy.
“You’re… Dean, right?” Jimmy says, and shit, Dean should have never had mistaken him with Cas. His eyes are exactly the same, but Cas’ eyes sparkle when they look at Dean, and Jimmy’s just… don’t. And the voice, there’s no way this… generic,  normal voice could ever belong to Cas. Even his relaxed posture is completely different than Cas’.
“Hell no,” Sam snorts, “but here and there a hunter came looking for advice, and… the kid was smart, figured there was something strange going on. And on his sixteenth birthday a shapeshifter moved to our backyard, so…”
And every time he thinks of Cas, another wave of guilt assaults him. He can’t forget the angel’s face when he saw what Dean had done. Cas is just one more person – well, angel – Dean let down. Maybe that’s what drove him away again. Maybe Dean’s the reason Cas is always away.
Even with his Grace depleted, Castiel hoped he would be able to defeat them. There was no way he could let them get to Dean. These were low-level demons, judging by their black eyes, but Castiel knew they would be much stronger than a human.
“What are you cooking?” Sam asked, only now noticing that the songs playing were – wonder of wonders – Christmas carols, not Dean’s loud rock songs.
But as the days went on, Cas didn’t come back, and his family started to ask what had happened, why the angel wasn’t there yet. The more Dean explained, he couldn’t make them understand how he could be so
The last thing he wonders before Cas goes up so fast that he looks like a comet, disappearing in the starry sky, is how can someone so fucking amazing like that can have such a low opinion of himself.
Hannah's eyes widen in understanding. "You're going to do the opposite? Instead of drawing power from a human soul, you're giving it power from your own Grace? Isn't that dangerous?
“I, um…” John hesitated. “I didn’t hear everything you said, but… you really feel like that about Dean?”
Had his Grace not been diminished, he wouldn’t feel pain. It was very hard to be a human being and deal with all the care a human body needed.
“I have no idea,” Sam moans, looking at his reflection again and shuddering. “I was dreaming that I was at a barber shop, and there was this pretty girl brushing my hair and telling me how beautiful and lush it is… and then Luc –  um… the devil appeared and told me that my worst nightmare was about to come true. I woke up all sweaty, and I immediately knew there was something strange… I came here to take a shower and when I looked at myself in the mirror, I – I – Dean, what if my hair never grows back?”
Sam runs as quietly as he can to the kitchen, before Cas comes after him to tell him about his idea. He feels a little guilty for listening to their conversation behind the door, like an old gossipy lady. But at least now they have hope.
Dean doesn’t need to try to walk over a Devil’s trap to know he’s not a demon anymore. He can feel he’s completely human now. “You look worried, fellas,” he says, looking at Sam and Cas, and when Sam splashes holy water on him and nothing happens, he knows he’s cured. For whatever it’s worth.
Dean rolls his eyes. “For what, exactly, Cas?” He takes another deep breath, and curses inwardly when he feels the chills coming back again.
Dean parked the car near the warehouse and checked the address again. There weren’t many buildings in this place, so he couldn’t be wrong. Or so he hoped.
Then Dean was already running and crossing the street to the police station’s back window. Castiel followed him, alarms sounding in his head louder than the fire alarm itself.
in Heaven, who could hear them, and if that wasn’t amazing, Dean didn’t know what else could be. There was even a God out there, and even if Dean wasn’t in best buddies terms with the guy yet, He had paid attention to them, apparently, and had lent them a hand. So Dean added a prayer to Him here and there, just in case.
And then Dean was crying. Tears streaming down his face, and the more he tried to dry them, the more they fell. I swear to God, no one cries and stays pretty, except for Dean. I wanted to hug him and tell him everything was going to be alright.
“He didn’t do it.” Castiel was almost sure that it wasn’t Sam’s fault. Maybe he could ask for John’s help and try to track Crowley, or whichever demon was behind this. Again. Maybe he could find a way to trap the demon and put him in prison, even without most of his Grace. It killed him the fact that he couldn’t tell Dean the truth. But when the Grim Reaper threatens to torture someone, he is not joking. He would die before he let Death torture Dean.
After a few minutes, Dean’s cell phone vibrated. He looked at the message. “Charlie deleted Sam’s records. She’s already outside with Dad; they’re getting the hell outta here.”
“We’ve already done that,” Dean assured him. “They’re just worried. Mom is waiting for you. Jess is going to meet us at home. Come on.”
“And you didn’t die? Wow, you don’t happen to be the Van Helsing of demons, do you?” John asked, looking around.
“I took this one,” Bobby says. “I left you guys for one minute and you tried to give Sam your desert, because he was crying. I’m glad your dad didn’t see it – he was working on a case – because he woulda given me shit for that.”
angels. Even me, before I was sent here. But no one ever had the courage to question him. He’s influent
“No one’s going to interfere.” Gabriel sighed. “Well, bro, if that’s what you want…cheer up, because I know of a way. If you really wanna do that, you’re going to save your boyfriend.”
Bobby looks at Dean and shakes his head, sighing. Then he starts explaining, like he’s talking to a very stupid child. “You’ve been spending your whole life dealing with the supernatural, idjit. By now you should know that some people turn myths into stories and even books, and they end up looking like fairytales, legends or some other shit; but they’re real. Or, at least, they were real once.”
“Oh, I can. What do you think I’ve been doing today while you sweep floors and clean tables, giving him the
Dean fell on the ground convulsing, and the agony radiating from him made something inside Castiel ache too. He didn’t even stop to analyze what he was doing when he put his hand on Dean’s forehead and made him unconscious.
Since there was no one with enough power to open a portal for them, they decided to lay siege in hell the old, fashioned way. Cas knew a backdoor, but it was, of course, guarded. Half the group came in from the front and the other half from behind. A few more hunters, recruited at the last minute, formed a group of twenty something people. Cas, the badass he was, came in from above, breaking everything on his way (“
They were on his kitchen, and Castiel had just baked him an apple pie. Dean was smiling, happy, eating the pie like there was no tomorrow. He looked like a glutton, with his mouth full of food, but the smile he was giving Castiel was so affectionate and sincere, that there wasn’t anything more beautiful.
Dean was fascinating; Castiel was completely and irremediably smitten by him. It was not just his kindness, his love for his family, the way he gave his best in everything he did; the way he treated Castiel, like he was important and rare.
Sam sighed. “I probably will. Shit, what you guys did was beyond irresponsible, and as a lawyer I can’t condone this. But… well, with the records gone, I guess my name is clean again. I just hope no one will remember this ever happened.”
Dean tries once more. He says every insult he can think of, this time about Dad. It only serves to piss Sam off. And here comes injection number four. Crap. Sam leaves him alone, and Dean screams, the wave of pain so strong he wants to throw up. His vision goes black, his arms and legs throb with pain, his head feels like it’s about to explode. And the feeling of burning from the inside is always there, like he’s about to be consumed by fire.
“Careful!” Dean says, and Sam is surprised by how strong his voice is. “Let him rest on the bed, Sammy. He needs a little time before he wakes up.”
: behind a curtain of azaleas, on the farthest side of the park. Dean was sitting on the hood of the Impala, and this time, he wasn’t looking at the sky. He had a beer in his hand and his eyes were fixed on nothing, as if he were asleep and had forgotten to close them.
First of all, this is not a diary; it’s a journal. Hunters don’t have diaries; they have journals where they write everything about their awesome adventures.
“I love you”, Cas says, and he puts his bloodied hand on Dean’s shoulder. He pushes Dean to the floor, and when the Empty comes, Cas has a slight smile on his lips. He looks…  in peace, almost. Angelic. And then he’s gone.
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas says from under him, and Dean opens his eyes and jumps from the bed as fast as he can. Which proves to be a mistake, because in his hurry, he takes almost all the blanked with him, and , and, and
It was another non-date. Dean had asked if Castiel had seen the new Star Trek movie, and Castiel hadn’t, so dean invited him. Simple as that. Castiel didn’t have the heart to say that he had no idea what Star Trek was, so he doubted he would understand the movie. But he accepted anyway. Saying no didn’t even cross his mind. Missouri had given him the night off again. She was a great woman.
Dean nods vigorously. “Yeah. Me too. All those things you said about me, I… The day I met you was the luckiest day of my poor excuse for a life. You make it all better, lighter. The… the way you feel about me, I… I feel about you too.”
“The Darkness, of course. She said Dean was the one who released her, and she’s eternally grateful. She decided to pay him a visit.”
His backs hurt. His limbs ached. His head pounded. His stomach grumbled. And the damn drizzle that never went away made the rocks he had to carry slippery as hell.
“That’s bullshit, Cas. What the fuck are you talking about? Since when I, we, didn’t want your company?”
Dean feels the prickle of the needle puncturing the back of his neck. The waves of pain come stronger and stronger, until he’s screaming, even though he wishes he wouldn’t, because it only makes the pain worse. He’s dizzy now, and his stomach is in knots. He raises his head, looking at Sam and Cas, and he can feel his eyes turning black for the last time, before they finally clear for good. Suddenly, the pain stops. Dean takes a deep breath, because now he actually needs to breathe again. Because his lungs need oxygen, and his heart is beating once more.
heartbeat. Castiel’s. And he liked it, this reminder of his humanity, this… way to feel connected to the people he had tried so much to protect.
Not about what Castiel said. Of course not. This is Dean Winchester, the king of ‘no chick-flick moments’, the man who dies for his friends and family, but never talks to them about his feelings.
To pass the time, he started to clean his small room, then decided to rearrange his clothes in the wardrobe. Just so he could stop thinking about Dean. So, when Dean arrived to pick him up, he was still buttoning his shirt – the blue one – and didn’t have much time to comb his hair properly. Not that combing it too much would help his rebellious hair, but he still made an effort every morning, anyway.
His father’s eyes radiate happiness. It’s a bit strange, in a good way. “We were together in our private heaven,” he tells. “But I confess, it was a little boring, because it never changed. Then they came,” he shrugs, “and everything changed.”
Also, he had always tried to be awake when Crowley came to see him. “Hello, demon,” he spat the word like venom.
Castiel shook his head sadly, defeated. What was at stake here was so much bigger than Sam’s problems. Only, Dean didn’t know the truth, and he would get closer to his death without having any idea what he was doing. But at the same time, the angel had made up his mind. “Then I’m going with you.”
“What about the bunker?” Dean wants to know. If Sam worked in a law firm, what happened to the bunker?
“I wouldn’t be in such a hurry if I were you.” Castiel turned, and there was Crowley, with his gruesome red eyes, flanked by five or six black-eyed demons.
“I miss you, man,” Dean says, because he never told Bobby enough times how much he was important to him. Hell, even dead Bobby finds ways to help him.
and bought the cheapest winter jacket he’d found. Sammy was getting big and his clothes barely fit him anymore. The jacket was twenty-six bucks and Dean only had fifteen. Even so, he went to the cashier and gave her the jacket and the money.
As Cas' mojo works its magic in Dean's body, two things happen: Dean takes a deep breath and opens his eyes immediately, color instantly returning to his cheeks, and Cas sits heavily on the bed, his eyes close, and he tilts to the side dangerously, almost falling on top of Dean, if not for Sam’s help.
But he loves him, he does. He’d almost had a heart attack when he found him as Emmanuel. Even more, when he saw Daphne, his
“Called? By whom?” Dean asks, and hey, since when does Heaven look like an eternal stream of food and social meetings? Dean’s time there wasn’t as pleasant as Bobby’s and Samuel’s, apparently.
He gets up, looking expectantly at the two people who never gave up on him. Sam looks genuinely happy to have him back. Cas looks… he looks great. His smile is soft and sincere, non-judgmental. Dean can’t help but smile back, although it feels strained. These two are his family, and even though Dean thinks he’s not worth the trouble, he’s glad they rescued him from demon-mode.
“That’s my boy,” the archangel smiles and pops a lollipop out of nowhere, putting it into his mouth immediately. “I can bend space and time. Going back was the best solution, because with all the shit that was happening, it was the only way I could be sure I would come back. If the world had ended, there would be nowhere to come back to, right?”
And there was that one time, in a motel, the year before Dean went to Hell. That was nice, but the dark future looming over their heads took half the fun off it. Not that Dean doesn’t have a dark future
“Ya hafta stay,” Dean said, mouth so close to Castiel that he had to close his eyes at the onslaught of emotion that gripped him. “B’cause I care about ya, ‘kay?”
“I don’t want you to sacrifice yourself for me!” Dean says angrily, and starts to cough again. Castiel waits for it to pass holding his breath. “I’m not worth it, Cas.”
Cas looked at the document in Dean’s hand and shrugged awkwardly. “I don’t like pictures. They make me uncomfortable.”
“He went furious when he knew you were going to die; he spent ages complaining about how you were supposed to have a long and happy life. And then he built this part of heaven for you himself. But… dying young was always in the cards for you, Dean. I’m sorry.”
“Dean…” Castiel tried to raise his hand to touch Dean’s face, but he had no strength left. “I… I – “
Gabriel laughed. “I know. It took me some time to get used to this. But girls love it, specially the back seat, if you get my meaning.”
Dean bursts out laughing and hugs Cas in an impulse. “Oh, Cas, never change, man. More or less, I guess, because first, you’re not a woman, and second, you’re infinitely more badass.”
“Victor will bring your food soon. I’ll accompany Missouri to the market today,” Cas said, putting Dean’s coffee in front of him; then he looked at Sam with a soft smile. “It was a pleasure to meet you, Sam,” and to Dean, “See you later?”
“Cas?” Dean called from inside. “Wait, lemme unlock th’ door!” His speech was slightly slurred and Castiel knew instantly he had been drinking.
Cas’ lie and all the freaking shit about supernatural beings – and Cas was one of them, oh God – seemed so stupid and
Sam barely leaves the library, unless it’s to be with Dean, but he’s already looked in all the books he found about demons and he didn’t find anything. He feels tired. He can’ barely eat, so worried he is. He’s afraid of sleeping and waking up with a dead brother. He’s contemplated calling Crowley, to see if he has an idea,
“I frankly don’t know what to do about him, Cas,” Sam sighed. “I love my brother, and he’s practically digging his own grave.”
“I’m not eavesdropping, Dean. You think too loud. If you want me to leave you alone, stop projecting your pain all over the place.”
“Listen, I will look for the demon discreetly. If I find anything, I’ll see what I can do. Maybe if you’re lucky, Naomi can smite him for you. She’s on the garrison, and I bet she would love it, since Crowley trapped her in the past.”
“That’s not my point here. I was dragged from Heaven to make you see that there are people who love you. There’s your brother, there’s your angel friend. Those two stupid shmucks
“What will we do now?” Sam looks at him, and Castiel sees despair in his eyes. The same despair he’s starting to feel.
“Perhaps. But we better keep our eyes open for a while. Don’t let your guard down until you’re sure he’s really gone.”
“Shit.” That was it, Crowley would kill him and then kill Cas. There was no chance for them, Cas still had the fucking collar on and Crowley’s knife was mere centimeters from Dean’s jugular.
The bunker is locked down, and Dean’s been after Sam for a little while. Hammer in hand, he calls his brother’s name, mockingly. If he finds him, Dean knows he won’t hesitate: he’ll take a hammer to Sam’s head and kill him once and for all, and with him will end his stupidity and exaggerated optimism. And the voice inside Dean, the one that tells him he’s weak and coward, will finally shut the fuck up.
“So, dad, how did you get this house? Not that I remember much of it, but me and Dean, we went back there for a case,” Sam asks, eyeing Mary, because well, she was the ghost that lived there. She just smiles quietly at him. “From what I can see, it seems just like the old one.”
“I said I would see what could be done. And in this case, nothing can be done. This man’s soul is already paying for his numerous sins and Castiel is… exactly what he deserves to be: nothing.”
“Go talk to your brother, I still need to shower! And don't forget the pie.” Cas says, escaping Dean’s arms.
Someone’s in the kitchen, cursing and banging plates and pans. There are mistletoes hanging from every door. The place looks more like a home than anything.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Dean, I didn’t want to burden you anymore. I thought that… it was better that I stayed gone, and…eventually you and Sam would be alright.
The happiness he fells  when he hears Sam’s voice, though,  is indescribable. Somehow, he knows time has passed and Sam had a life, a
Castiel spent a long time with his hand on Dean’s hair while Dean slept, his face finally relaxed, looking young and carefree. He smiled sadly, because he had wanted so much to protect this man, and couldn’t. He’d never felt so much like a failure as now.
Dean huffs a self-deprecating laugh. "But I still said them, Cas, whether I meant them or not. And I didn't, I swear. But I did say them. And I want- no, scratch that, I
“What future, Cas?” Dean asked, exasperated. “What future? Tell me, because I have no idea. Sam is the brain in the family. I have nothing to lose, but he has a lot, and I won’t let hi
It was then that I knew that Castiel loved Dean. Like, he loved Dean. And everything he had ever done for him – which I’ve heard from the boys themselves – and the scene I had witnessed – Castiel giving his stolen grace to Sam so Dean wouldn’t be without his brother – only served to confirm what had been clear since I first saw the angel. He loved Dean, and he would do anything for him. If he had to die to save Dean, he would. If he had to die to save Sam so Dean wouldn’t suffer, he would.
Inside, Cas had Rowena in his arms. Around them, several dead angels. She looked a little dizzy, her head on his shoulder. He looked a little winded,   and he gasped “We need to leave,” before disappearing in a beam of light. Dean and the others needed to go back the way they came: going up seven levels of steep stairs.
The drive to the bar was in silence because Dean wanted to introduce Castiel to “the best music ever”. Castiel wouldn’t have chosen the loud guitars and the screaming voice if he had been given the opportunity, but the music wasn’t unpleasant. And it fit Dean like a glove. Loud and intense, full of life, like the man beside him.
Dean pressed his hand on Castiel’s cheek. “Hey, it’s cute. I don’t want you to change, okay? I like it.”
for Dean. It wasn’t something easy to fake, the way Dean felt Cas’ eyes following him, especially when they said goodbye. Sometimes, when Cas was about to close the diner, and Dean was about to go home, Dean had the impression that Cas was going to ask him to stay. But Cas never asked, so Dean never stayed.
“It is?” Castiel asked, hating himself for sounding so insecure. He was an angel, a warrior, why did he have to sound like a child? Why did he turn into a complete different person/angel whenever Dean was close?
Cas nuzzles Dean’s cheek. “Will you take care of the pie for me? I set the timer, you just need to take it from the oven and put in the counter. I still need to shower and get ready. It’s almost time for our guests to arrive.”
The place was indeed, beautiful. But he couldn’t truly appreciate its splendor, because his skin was burning. He almost missed the hole he’d spent so many years imprisoned in. Suffering with all that… purity, immaculacy
Dean knows what this is about. He feels guilty already, because the last time they saw each other, Cas spilled his heart on the damn floor and Dean just stayed there, looking. “Don’t what, Cas?” he asks softly.
He’s kind of desperate to take his mind off the many, many thoughts that are almost driving him crazy: How is he going to get rid of the Mark of Cain? Where are Cas and Claire? When will Sam stop looking at him like he’s afraid Dean will start screaming and waving a knife around in a killing spree? Huh. He kind of did that already. Shit.
They stayed in companionable silence for a while, Castiel cleaning here and there, getting the diner ready to open, and Dean lost in his own thoughts while he sipped his coffee.
Castiel doesn’t need to go far to find his friend. He drives on Route 281, heading south, and after one hour he sees his Lincoln Continental on the roadside. He stops right behind it and Dean is there, with his head resting on the steering wheel, and he seems to be asleep.
As he had imagined, Dean was in the garage, but he wasn’t alone; Sam was with him. Castiel could see them through the locked glass door, but when he knocked, and when Dean saw him, he turned his back and went inside the office.
“No shit,” Dean snorted. “You think I don’t know? You think Sam and I didn’t notice her red, puffy eyes in the morning? She’s been crying at night, when we’re not there to see. But we notice anyway.”
around him. Maybe if he’d known what waited for him outside, he wouldn’t have escaped. At least the hole was dark. Well, too late now. But here, the pure light burned his skin, creature of darkness that he was, and he wanted nothing more than to get out of that place.
. Castiel was very much in love with him, although he hesitated to tell him, afraid of being too much, too soon.
Dean was still on the couch when Castiel returned, but he was lying on it now, with his head on the armrest. His eyes were opened and fixed on the ceiling.
“I am dead on my feet,” Dean said as he sat on a stool by the counter, while Cas went to fetch him a cup. “I went out last night to have a drink. Don’t remember much, but I woke up in my bedroom with this killer headache, and couldn’t go back to sleep.”
Jack would set his chosen father free, but somehow, he never asked him. He doesn’t know why. He could say he was in some kind of daze, caused by the shock of everything that had just happened, but… it’s not an excuse; he should have asked Jack about Cas, and he didn’t. Sometimes Dean is really stupid.
Since John Winchester left home, when he and Mary had gotten divorced, Dean started to wake up in the middle of the night to check on Sam. The big age difference between them – Dean was almost eight and Sam was six months – made him feel responsible for his baby brother. Now that Dad wasn’t home anymore, Dean was the man of the house. It was his job to look after Sam and Mom, who was always crying.
Castiel could only nod, because if he opened his eyes and looked at Dean, he would lose himself in the other man, whose soul he was trying to protect at any cost. Not that there was any going back to him now; he was hopelessly devoted to Dean, and even if he didn’t regret any of his actions until now, it was a new territory for him, and he feared the intensity of the emotions he felt because of Dean Winchester.
Dean looks at Cas for a while, mouth hanging open, as if he’s waiting for Cas to start laughing and saying it’s a joke. But Cas doesn’t even know how to joke, does he?
“You’re from Paradise Hill, Oklahoma?” Dean raised his eyebrows. “I met a girl from there, once. Gee, you’re far away from home, aren’t you?”
He’s gonna kill that poor excuse for an angel. Norse god. Whatever. If he’s not dead already, he’s gonna be pretty soon.
“Cas?” he hears, and he didn’t even realized he had is eyes closed. He opens them, and Dean is awake, looking at him, a worried expression on his face.
“Come on, let’s look for Cas. I’m almost afraid to see what happened to him this time.” Dean says, getting up and pulling Sam with him.
"That's 'angel' in Latin," Sam, the eternal nerd, pointed out. "And hey! Get this, Dean, Castiel is an angel, isn't it?"
“Grace is power and you know it. I’m gladly giving it to you anyway, but you bring him back!” the angel yelled.
Castiel wanted to say that’s probably because no one cared. Angels didn’t care about their fallen brothers, and Castiel, banned, as he was, was as much cast out as any fallen angel. “He wants to take Dean’s soul to Hell. He says I will suffer knowing Dean is in eternal torment. He’s been helping Dean break the Commandments – six, already – so Dean will die faster and he’ll take his soul.”
But in the war room, there’s a note in Castiel’s elaborate handwriting: “Dean disappeared. I’m going after him. C.”
Dean was frantic, his uneasiness clear as water; it’s easy to see that he cares about Castiel a lot. Sam too, he looked shaken, kept saying that it was his fault that Cas was an easy prey for the other angels.
“I’m sure Sam is just worrying, with reason, about his arteries and his blood pressure. You should be doing that too.”
“Stop blaming yourself,” Cas says, sitting in front of Dean at the kitchen table. He eyes the beer Dean’s holding and grimaces. “Drinking won’t solve anything.”
Castiel took a deep breath, looking around. “I missed the Garden. I missed Heaven, I truly did. But Gabriel, my place is not here. Father brought me back, and I am grateful, believe me. But all I want to do is try to save Dean’s soul.”
“I don’t know what we can do for him,” Hannah whispers, releasing Dean’s head and stepping back, uncertain and awkward. “I’m sorry.”
“Wake up! Cas, you gotta wake up, man!” Dean’s voice insisted, guiding Castiel’s mind through the mist and back to reality. “Cas they are getting closer, wake up, wake up!”
“No shit, Sherlock,” Dean said, looking around. The street was deserted again, the sun wasn’t already up, and everything was dark and quiet, as if nothing had happened. “Where did you come from?”
.  “Winchester,” one of them snarled, as if it were an insult, and their attack was fierce and fast. But Sam and Dean knew a lot of fighting tactics and, little by little,  they made their way towards the throne room.
Sam rolls his eyes. “You, Cas. Didn’t you just do that? You just gave up some of your Grace for him, man. You and him have a lot in common, in case you don’t know.”
“Cas,” he closes his eyes. “Hear me. Please.” He’s praying, taking a leap of faith here, and he hopes it will work. “You need to wake up. See, I have something to tell you, but you need to be awake for that, ‘cause it’s very important and… it can change everything. I need you, so please, please – “
. He feels that this ‘I love you’ was very different from the ‘I love you, all of you’ Cas said when Crowley saved him from dying poisoned, with Dean, Sam and Mary not knowing what to do, how to stop Cas‘ death. Dean knows Cas meant a whole different thing this time; he could see it in Cas’ eyes. This time Cas meant the
“I’m going to take this to the kitchen. If you need anything… pray. Don’t shout. We don’t know how long Sam and Hannah are going to take and… you need to rest.”
?” and he kissed Castiel on the mouth right there, in the middle of the fight and the confusion. It was brief, only a second, but it gave the angel purpose to keep fighting.
Dean is worried about the grace inside Sam. Castiel doesn’t know if there will be side-effects, because it’s pure grace, and angels are the only beings made to contain something like that. But, in his words, he did what he had to do. And I’m so happy that Sam is around, even if he’s in his bedroom all the time.
He didn’t believe it, of course. But knowing she wished an angel watched over him was enough to make him fall asleep feeling safe.
That seemed to calm Dean, who took a deep breath. “Okay,” he said to Castiel, his shoulders tense. He turned to John. “You can come if you want. Cas is right, this is about Sam, not about me. I bet Mom will have the surprise of her life, seeing you coming through the front door,” he said bitterly.
“I do,” Cas whispered faintly, already half-asleep. “But I need to heal first, while I still can use my Grace; while I still have it.”
It’s a bit strange, this heaven Jack has created. Because now time seems linear, and Dean has no idea how this happened, since it went by so fast before Sam arrived. But now there are days and nights and an endless string of people Dean wants to see and spend time with. So much, that he has no idea where he’s supposed to live, but he doesn’t ask anyone. He sleeps at his parent’s house, or Charlie’s place, or at Bobby’s. It’s a wonder he sleeps at all, because he really doesn’t need it; he’s dead, they all are. But they eat and drink and sleep, and they have long, long talks, like a never-ending party with all the burgers, pies and beer Dean could ever want.
“Maybe it’s better if we just give up, you know?” Dean says in a small voice, so unlike him that Sam barely hears it. “Maybe it’s time to… to let me go. If I’m doomed to be a demon, then maybe it’s better that we just stop trying. I… I promise that I’ll leave you guys alone. Hell, I was going to leave you alone, you’re the one who came after me.”
There’s silence. Sam risks a look and sees that Hannah is sitting on an armchair, head raised, looking at Cas, who’s standing if front of her. His face is anguished, his eyes are sad. He’s pleading. Begging.
On the tablet front, Kevin says that maybe if we can put Gadreel back inside Sam, we can force him to tell us if he knows what’s going on with the angels. But it’s not a good plan. First: Gadreel lied to Dean before and will surely lie again. Second: we can’t be sure Sam will have the strength to expel Gadreel from him again. Third: will Sam survive this? He almost died before and now Castiel can’t fix him. Fourth: the bunker is now warded against angels because Castiel taught us all how to do it; Gadreel wouldn’t be able to come back.
“I’m not sure this is a wise thing to do, angel,” mocks Dean. “What would Sammy say if he knew what you said to me the other day?”
Dean nodded in acquiescence. There was clearly something about his past that Castiel didn’t want to talk about. But Missouri trusted him, and Dean trusted Missouri, so, it would have to do.
For most humans, sex was a big part of their lives, and theory was never the same as practice. He wanted to give Dean everything; he wanted to do everything,
“I can’t deny this was a bad idea, son,” Bobby says, shaking his head in dismay. “You do stupid things sometimes, ya idjit. But you do a lot of good things too. For example, you raised your brother.”
“Cas!” he runs to the library, where Cas retreats to when he’s not watching over Dean. The angel is reading a book – researching, looking for a cure for Dean, he says – and he lets the book fall on the floor, not even paying attention to it and running after Sam to Dean’s room. His hand is already on Dean's face and he doesn’t waste any time. He kneels on the floor, leaning over Dean.
The angel got up, trying to keep his dignity intact, but all he wanted was to grab Dean and take him away from Bella’s claws. He was still feeling the pain of the broken eighth Commandment, but he realized that, more than the very real possibility that Dean was going to break another one,
Sam put his hands on his waist, scowling. “I didn’t see the bottle, because I was busy dragging your sorry ass from the floor to the couch. Then, I cleaned said floor, because you threw your glass on the wall after I told you, for the umpteenth time, that you should stop drinking too much. I also picked up the glass pieces and put them in the trashcan. I took you to your room and made you lie down, and when you started throwing up I – ”
Crowley advanced on him, stopping mere inches from the man. “Where is your courage now, uh? Without your angel boyfriend to protect you, you are no match for me. And look at how pitiful he is…”
Finally, Castiel found a simple white t-shirt and he turned to Dean triumphantly, the shirt in his hand. He felt his mouth suddenly dry and his eyes widened at what he saw.
“Wow, it makes so much sense!” Sam says, excited, while reading the book. “Get this: In the tales, Loki is portrayed as a scheming coward who cares only for pleasures and self-preservation. He’s by turns playful, malicious and helpful. But he’s always irreverent and nihilistic.”
The white corridor is still there, with the bright walls and only two doors again. John stops in front of the right one and Mary in front of the one on the left.
When we came back, they stayed back to unload the groceries and I went to my bedroom with my stuff. Now, as I said before, I’m not nosy, and I was carrying all my clothes. It’s also not my fault that my room is right beside Castiel’s. So, I got in my bedroom but left the door open, and next thing I know, Dean gets out of Castiel’s room and they stop to talk right there, in the corridor.
The bright, white light started in the center of the trunk, but soon spread everywhere, seeming exultant, almost dancing, since it was no longer trapped. Gabriel didn’t flinch; he smiled instead, because his little brother was beautiful, his light pure and strong. The light then coalesced into a white beam, while a high-pitched sound could be heard. The beam of light enveloped Castiel’s inert body and entered it through the nostrils, like air. The sharp sound ceased suddenly; everything was quiet. Castiel gave a loud sigh and opened his eyes.
Every Tuesday morning, Dean and Sam went to Missouri’s diner to have breakfast. They both got up really early and, along with their mother, Mary, went to the wholesale next town to get her flowers supply. Then, they arranged everything in the deposit at the back of the shop and Mary and Becky, her employee, started arranging the flowers in vases.
"Let the guy breathe, Sammy,” he said after a while, pulling Cas by the arm towards the dining room. “Come met Mom, Cas.” He stopped in the hallway, fixing Cas' tie and shirt, and felt his cheeks getting red, because Cas was looking at him with so much gratitude that it would be funny if Dean's stomach hadn't made a flip-flop at the intensity of his stare.
“We’ll figure out a way out of community service, Sammy,” Dean said, looking at his brother worriedly.
“Cas!” Sam comes running a few hours later, and Castiel doesn’t even have to think what’s happening. He follows Sam and they find Dean unconscious on the floor, his face on the dirty rug. "He got up and fell," Sam says.
Castiel takes some time to answer. ”Then I don’t know. I wish it would be easy to kill him, because I believe that’s what he, what the real Dean would want. But I find myself unable to do it. I really don’t want to have to kill him, should it come to that.”
Castiel took a deep breath and said in a determined voice. “You don’t know everything about me, Dean. I’m not inexperienced in… missions like that.”
Castiel felt his insides turn cold. “He is meeting a woman? But… but…” then he sat on a nearby chair, defeated. “There is nothing I can do, sister. Dean and I are not together anymore. I have no say over his life.”
“Alright, alright Daredevil. I get it. I just can’t imagine you doing anything like that; you look like an eighteen year old nerd.” Dean looked at his watch nervously. “Almost two. I hope Charlie and Dad don’t mess up.”
“I still don’t know what happened between you guys, but I’ll tell you this: don’t give up on him, Cas. I know Dean. He cares a lot about you, or he wouldn’t be like this. He’ll come around.”
Because, well, he is uncomfortable. Dean doesn’t expect the guy to turn into a monk – angel-monk? What the fuck – while he waits for Dean to come around, God knows when. Maybe never. Dean just doesn’t want to know about it.
Castiel finally lost his patience. Despite of what John could think about his and Dean’s relationship, Dean had said he didn’t want to hide, hadn’t he? “I believe the word you are looking for is ‘
After dinner, Cas – of all people – asks Dean if he doesn’t want to hang the decorations on the Christmas tree, but Dean’s heart is not in it. So, the three of them just take some small porcelain statues – some of Santa, some of angels, which leaves Cas very irritated – an put them on the coffee table. Sam takes a small snow globe to his bedroom, and that’s it.
“Do you think I should leave?” Cas asks, frowning. “Dean seems to be angry with me again and… I’m not sure my presence is welcome here right now.”
There seem to be two completely different things happening: Dean is turning into Scrooge, with his own private Christmas ghosts, and some supernatural thing is playing stupid pranks on Sam and Cas. If they were not happening at the same time, Dean would think that one thing has nothing to do with the other. But they are, so there’s gotta be something that connects the two.
“Dean is a good man. He helped his mother raise Sam and paid for his education with his work in the garage. He is a very good mechanic, a specialist in restoring old cars. I feel very fortunate to be his friend.”
They’re in the bunker, of all things. Cas hasn’t come back, but here and there he comes to see Dean in his dreams, and at first Dean thought it was a regular dream, until Cas told him that the bunker was ready, and if he wanted to move there, he could.
Dean, on the other hand, knows better. He doesn’t believe in anything Metatron says and he knows the asshole will find a way to fuck with them all, even from behind the bars in Heaven. It’s been a day since Sam left and Dean is sick with worry.
