it is,” Elisabeth said with a sigh, “then the two of you will just have to be more careful.”
If John were capable of thought at that moment, he would have recalled that Sherlock had said the sex would get better. Sherlock had spoken truthfully.
“Be more precise,” he finally replied.
“He generally does,” John said with a sigh.
The lack of a proper place to settle anything had been enough to garner an outburst from John, though how much that outburst had to do with the loss of the sitting room and how much it had to do with the nature of the parties in the case had gone unspoken.
Greg felt utterly out of place as a spectator to it. Sherlock was never like this, at least in Greg’s experience, though Greg would be the first to admit that in his experience Sherlock was also
So John, gripped by an inexplicable sense of fear, even one that was completely foreign to him, was a shock like being dunked as a human in a frozen lake. Sherlock lost the sense of up and down. The bottom seemed to drop out of the world. It had not helped that it hit just as John’s assailants attempted a repeat performance on
“I didn’t realize until after you were gone what all those things meant, together, and you were gone, so what did it matter anyway? I was angry with you for leaving me before I knew my own mind, and for not loving me the way that I loved you, and how none of it fucking mattered anyway, because you were never coming back. But you did come back, didn’t you? And suddenly the thing I wanted most—you were there, and you were smiling like a tit, without a care in the world for how you made me feel or what you’d left behind. Good old John, he’ll be here when you’re reading for him, no need to consider his feelings. I punched you. A lot. I’m not proud of it. But dammit, Sherlock.”
And with that, Sherlock was up from his chair and kneeling in front of John, who opened his eyes wide.
But there was only so much one could allow their flatmate to get away with. There were some boundaries you just shouldn’t cross.
“I went to see Ella a lot, after you died, to try to deal with the grief, and the anger. She didn’t help much; I didn’t want her to help. I’m afraid I wasn’t very good company for that first year. People were sympathetic at first, but after a while I could tell they didn’t understand: why I was still grieving, why I couldn’t get over the death of my flatmate, even if we were close friends who worked together. Even if you had killed yourself right in front of me. Besides, you were a liar, weren’t you? A fraud? I should just move on, get on with my life. You weren’t worth it, they were telling me. You weren’t important enough to justify my behavior.”
And John, John seemed to be thriving under their arrangement. Sherlock had noted a distinct uptick in his mood since they began giving each other orgasms. His masturbation and pornography habits had decreased markedly, as had their water bill. The sex itself was often rough, and never tender, but Sherlock found he rather liked it when John took control. They didn’t go out on cases together as often as they used to, but Sherlock knew John had Rosie now, and his pride wouldn’t allow for Sherlock to foot the bills when caring for his daughter. The job at the surgery was a necessary evil.
A large, deep sigh from the direction of his lap, and Sherlock stilled again.
John’s eyebrows had climbed nearly to his hairline as Sherlock spoke, but he hadn’t interrupted, so Sherlock continued.
They kissed until John’s lips tingled.
“Yes, John, a hand-job was my original intention. I didn’t think I’d have to spell it out for you. But then you went into doctor mode, and—”
“—Jeanette,” finished John, without a pause. “I’m clean and haven’t been with anyone since. Were you tested after, you know?”
- - -
“John,” Sherlock managed to gasp, and like he had before, John seemed to understand instinctively what was happening, bringing the hand near Sherlock’s shoulder around and under to grasp Sherlock’s penis. Sherlock went off almost instantly, emptying semen over John’s hand and his pillow, his arse contracting around John’s still pistoning prick.
“Okay. If you can, I want you to keep breathing, but take your breaths as slow as you can. Concentrate on filling and emptying your lungs slowly but steadily. Smell the soup, blow on the soup. Can you do that?”
“John?” said Sherlock. “Can I fuck you now?”
“Yeah,” said John, “I can do that.”
Sherlock cocked his head to the side.
John kissed his upturned face, his lips, his cheekbones, the corners of his eyes.
John met his eyes.
Finally, Sherlock betrayed signs of lucidity, but he didn’t completely untangle himself from John, only shifted so that they were facing one another, his head lying on John’s pillow.
“Visual impairment?”
“Do it,” said John, and Sherlock rolled them over so that John was on his back. He slid so that his thighs were cradling John’s bum, and John’s legs automatically moved to wrap around his waist. Sherlock fucked into him with intention, leveraging John up until he hit just the right spot . . .
Everything was wonderful. Everything was terrible.
John knew it was paranoia, but he couldn’t help checking Sherlock’s pulse one more time. Steady and slow.
“Yes, and I would appreciate it if you would hear me out completely before you say anything.”
Sherlock was still fast asleep, and
“Nonsense. I have you. Think, John.”
“Yeah,” said John, “yeah, do it.”
Sherlock groaned like the undead.
Some of the real pain in Sherlock’s voice must have reached John, because he stopped pacing and stood staring at Sherlock, still clutching his hair.
He touched John.
John sat up, rubbing his face vigorously with his hands. “I don’t want to do that to you again. I can’t.” John looked Sherlock in the face for the first time in what felt like hours. Sherlock had the same look on his face that he’d had that day in the sitting room, after the morgue, with bruises all over his face, and hell written across his features, and yet he only wanted to comfort John.
“A little.”
He’d banged his shins on the baby gate more than a handful of times, as he crashed around the apartment. But it was a fair trade-off for having the Watsons in his life.
When John had satisfied himself of rubbing his semen gently into Sherlock’s nethers, he crawled up Sherlock’s prone body and collapsed onto the bed next to him, exhausted.
“You are exasperated with me,” said Sherlock, cocking his head.
But neither of them could maintain that position for long. John couldn’t get enough leverage to fuck into Sherlock as hard as he wanted, and Sherlock’s back and neck were beginning to ache.
“Night then,” he said.
“Sherlock,” he managed to say, but Sherlock only made a “mmm?” noise into his neck. “Sherlock!” said John, louder.
“I have already told you that I don’t like being touched, or touching other people, but that’s not exactly true. In the right context . . . with the right people, sometimes I don’t mind. And you’re right, of course. I was curious. Just not curious enough.”
“Up,” he said, pulling Sherlock with him, “Up you get. Come on.”
“Well,
“Oh, shit, hold on a second,” said John, climbing off Sherlock’s lap. “Lay down,” he said, pushing Sherlock back onto the bed, making sure the detective’s lube-covered hand didn’t touch the sheets.
, is that I’d watched my best friend, my favorite person in the world, jump to his death right in front of me. That he’d, that
“Fine. Yes, you pick.”
John continued. This was the part he didn’t want to say, as hard as the other had been, because he didn’t want Sherlock to know, he didn’t want to admit it out loud.
“Do you want to fuck?” asked John, still in that soft voice. And because he couldn’t resist, he kissed Sherlock on the lips again, softly and gently. When he pulled away again, Sherlock nodded, having trouble finding his voice.
A steady trickle of John’s semen was eking its way out of Sherlock’s pink and swollen hole, and this inflamed John just the way it had the night before. This time, he allowed himself to give in to the indulgence of it. If Sherlock had no objections to this kink of his, John wasn’t going to complain.
Sherlock shrugged, still cleaning the spunk off his hand.
John had met the terms of their arrangement to the letter. They had fucked until Sherlock’s brain was inoperable. But he knew how this would proceed. No matter if John stayed for a little while, he would still go, and Sherlock would sink to the equal pits of lowness that he’d flown high from just moments before. A well of bitterness lodged in his gut, and he felt like crying.
SHERLOCK
NAZIR
NAZIR
Mrs. Hudson admires her handiwork at tidying up the sitting room. She sets a teddy bear for Rosie on John’s chair. Sherlock enters looking clean and dapper in a suit. Mrs. Hudson clasps her hands in approval. Sherlock notices the teddy bear. He ducks out of the room again and returns with a plush bee toy. He sets it on the chair next to the teddy bear. Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock gaze at the inviting chair with the toys. Mrs. Hudson pats Sherlock’s arm affectionately.
Sherlock suddenly looks sickly and collapses on his chair. John, at the window, doesn't notice.
John takes two bottles.
Sherlock stops short, staring curiously at John. John is absentmindedly massaging Sherlock's feet.
So quickly! I mean, why the rush?
(sniffling)
John heads to the kitchen. Sherlock returns to thinking, but occasionally spies on John from his chair.
Well, you're hardly going to need me around anymore now that you've got a real baby on the way.
John walks over to the bed, where sleeping Sherlock has taken over the whole middle. John gazes fondly at Sherlock for a moment, then attempts to get in under the duvet without waking him. Sherlock mumbles a bit, but settles. Sherlock again throws a possessive arm around John, craving intimacy even in his sleep. John closes his eyes and sleep overcomes him.
Why did you let me come in your mouth?
Ella, confused, looks through her notes again.
I could only do what I thought was right: stick to my wedding vows and my duty as a new father.
Starting up a relationship like this changes a friendship. Irrevocably. There's a very good chance it will muck it up completely.
(snickering)
(definitely annoyed)
Superfluous.
DR HERSCHER
Fine. I'm too tired to argue with cranky toddlers.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
I like the way you look in the shower, John. All wet, and slick, and sexy.
INT. POLICE CAR - ACROSS THE STREET FROM JOHN'S PLACE OF WORK - THURSDAY - MIDDAY
Yes, you idiot.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Molly, Lestrade, and even Nazir giggle. Sherlock is embarrassed by getting called out for mistaking Nazir for John too often.
John wakes up with a start. Sherlock is still wrapped around him and sleeping heavily. John tries to peer under the covers a bit, but isn't happy with what he sees.
SHERLOCK
"Why don't you and Rosie come by next weekend rather than a whole month from now? Perhaps we could decide together where to display the ashtray."
I don't know what you are worried about. You and your arse are plenty... desirable.
I think two kisses is enough to start, don't you think?
Turn around please.
"Oopsies," he said and tried to get up again. John softly pushed him back down.
John knew he needed therapy, but he just couldn’t bring himself to go. A part of him guessed that if he opened up the lid on everything he kept tight inside himself, he would explode, but what he feared was what came after that explosion. He didn’t want to know what kind of person would be left afterwards.
“Flip over,” said Sherlock.
It was supposed to be temporary, John here at Baker Street, though Sherlock was certainly not going to make a fuss. Even a somewhat distant John who spent more time at his surgery than he did with Sherlock was better than no John at all, or worse, a John who wouldn’t see or speak with him. A John who was so angry, he’d—but no, that was done now. It had been six months since he and Rosie had taken up residence in John’s old room. A part of Sherlock hoped that if he never said anything, temporary would become permanent, but at heart he knew their departure was inevitable. If nothing else, Rosie would eventually outgrow her cot.
“This isn’t an emergency, Sherlock. You’re fine,” he’d said, relieved. “It doesn’t even need stitches. Just put some ointment on, and wrap it up with gauze.”
have you, it would kill me, like looking at the sun straight on. But I couldn’t say no to you, to that. And I fucked it all up. I’m so sorry, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s cheeks instantly began to burn.
John stopped under the doorway. He’d never seen Sherlock this unconscious before. He’d seen him asleep, of course; they were flatmates. But Sherlock, even asleep, wasn’t a restful thing to behold. There was always the sense that he could wake at any moment. Sherlock slept politely, as something he deigned to do only because it was required of him. Sleep was a place Sherlock visited and left as soon as he could, like an uncomfortable dinner with distant relatives and you’re out the door as soon as the pudding is done.
“I don’t know! I don’t know, okay, I just know that I am. These feelings, they just sit down there in my gut, and they never go away, and you almost die five times a week, and I really couldn’t take that, Sherlock, I really couldn’t handle that.”
“Well, yeah,” said John, surprised at how forthright he seemed.
“Good god, man, articulate,” said John, dropping a kiss onto Sherlock’s temple and releasing Sherlock’s hands, which immediately (surprise) gravitated towards John’s bare arse.
“Mmm,” replied Sherlock, still struggling to make words.
“No, I am simply pointing out that, as in most areas of our lives, you have no precedent with which to compare me. It’s one of the reasons you find me so intriguing.”
John’s eyes glanced quickly downward to Sherlock’s lap, and then back up again. Sherlock’s erection had now clearly gone, and in its place was a blooming patch of wetness.
“I assume your inquiry into the state of my sexual purity had an actual objective?” asked Sherlock.
Sherlock made a face. “No!”
- - -
There was a protracted silence. Now it was John who wouldn’t look at Sherlock. He seemed to be fascinated with the space directly over the mantelpiece. He crossed his legs.
A jolt of adrenaline shot through Sherlock’s system and he was instantly alert, though he tried not to betray it on the outside. Looking calmly back at John, who looked rather adorably hopeful, he simply said, “All right.”
“Don’t. Move,” said John, right next to his ear, and the pressure eased from Sherlock’s scalp. His knees burned from being shoved along the upholstery.
John moved his hands to cup Sherlock’s cheeks, swiping the tears away with his thumbs.
He’d learned over the past year just to let these sorts of things happen to him and not give them meaning, otherwise living with Sherlock, being friends with Sherlock, would long ago have driven him mad. Sherlock didn’t mean things the way other people meant them, and it would be foolish to behave as if he did. John was nothing if not a pragmatist.
“Penetrative sex?” said John, teasing him, and Sherlock’s head fell down to John’s shoulder, as if it were all suddenly too much to bear.
“I texted you. I trusted you. I wanted you.”
“Nobody was there; I was never in any danger,” said Sherlock.
“It’s just, now doesn’t seem exactly the best time.”
Just for the hell of it, he took Sherlock’s pulse one last time. It thumped against his skin reassuringly, and John went upstairs to fall into bed. If his last thought before drifting off was of the warmth of Sherlock’s skin under his palm, nobody else would know.
John and Sherlock begin their arrangement. Things escalate. They're both in over their heads and have no idea.
This didn’t seem to impress Sherlock.
“You told me last week that I was not to worry, that you would take care of your own needs, but the evidence does not support that being a probable outcome. You require sex and human affection to be happy, but you rarely favored so-called 'one night stands' when you were single, and I don’t believe experiencing the benefits of an emotionally fulfilling, monogamous relationship has given you more of a taste for them. Rather the opposite, I would think. You are monogamous by nature. Additionally, you have just recently confirmed to me that you have no intention of dating in the future. Therefore, it seems unlikely that you will be able to obtain the level of sex you require, if dating and relationships are not an option, and your chances of a one night liaison are slim to none.”
“Let’s keep it simple: Green is for go, yellow is for proceed with caution, and red is for a hard stop. Got it?”
“You’re not thirty-five anymore, either,” said Sherlock, and John didn’t have the energy to smack him.
“The one afternoon kind. I propose that you lie still on this bed and let me do what I wish to you, until two o’clock when you have to go get Rosie.”
“Please, John, let me finish. I’m almost to the point.”
Sherlock was still staring at him. “I am not leaving this bed. If we go out there, you will not tell me what I wish to know.”
“Right, well, not that long of a story as it turns out,” babbled Sherlock, clearly on board with this new plan. “Never wanted to have sex before. Now I do. The end. Your arse is touching my skin, please can I touch it back—oh.”
Sherlock scooted under the duvet but didn’t move to touch John.
“Okay,” said John, “One afternoon, right now.”
John’s hand left his penis and Sherlock almost cried out at the loss, but it soon became apparent that John had only stopped in order to move Sherlock’s loosened trousers further down, leaving Sherlock’s erection exposed to the open air. He could feel his testicles resting just under the band of his underwear.
“All right,” said John, pulling the pillows out from behind his back and placing them in the middle of the bed, fluffing them dramatically. “Lay down,” he told Sherlock, helping him back under the covers.
John sold the flat where he’d lived with Mary—too many memories, he’d said. Sherlock welcomed him back eagerly (trying to hide just exactly how eager and pleased he really was, and he believed, mostly succeeding at doing so), all the while knowing he wouldn’t have them for long. And then he’d be alone, again.
He ceased jostling Sherlock’s back and brought his hand up to Sherlock’s sleepy head, running his hand through his hair.
“Er, Sherlock, I know it’s not really your area, married to your work and all, but you do know that sex and dating aren’t mutually exclusive?”
Sherlock swallowed and met John’s eyes.
“Yes,” said Sherlock, his other hand moving to caress John’s thigh, though his voice trembled, just a little. And then John guided his hand back. He shivered and fought not to pull away as Sherlock’s index finger covered in cold lube brushed against him. Sherlock’s eyes never left his as his finger circled John’s tight opening, coaxing it to relax enough that Sherlock’s absurdly long finger could slip inside.
“Mmm,” John hummed, marveling at his friend’s curious mind, his strange imagination.
Sherlock complied, rolling over and resting his head on his arms, and waited for John. His heart was pounding in his chest. It had been a long time; he’d forgotten the horrific vulnerability of bottoming for another man.
He took another pause, this time acutely aware that he’d just bared his most closely kept secret to the one person he’d never wanted to know it. His hands were shaking, he was sure Sherlock could tell. He had to go on.
“Yes,” said Sherlock, in what sounded as much like an exhale as a word. He pulled away from John and turned towards him, his movements still sort of sluggish, but no longer in a way that concerned John. He just looked tired. John manhandled him again so that they were facing each other and Sherlock’s long legs draped over John’s thighs. John handed him the small mug of hot cocoa that was still at least somewhat warm.
Sherlock seemed to have realized that the time for exploration was over now, as his hand was firmly and steadily moving. Every third stroke he ran his thumb over the head of John’s cock, brushing the sensitive underside.
“You let Mrs. Hudson touch you. She kissed you on the top of your head the other day when she brought you those scones. You didn’t even flinch.”
He wasn’t going to even bother asking if Sherlock had condoms and lube. The lube he knew he’d need for sure; any way to make things smoother on Sherlock’s overstimulated bottom half. In fact, perhaps a condom, too, to blunt sensation? But no, didn’t want to drag this out too long, after what, almost five hours now? Perhaps it wouldn’t be the most enjoyable orgasm, but it would hopefully get the job done.
“There’s no need to be hurtful, John.”
“What feelings?” asked John, confused for a moment. What feelings did Sherlock think he was missing? You didn’t need love to have sex. Or even friendship. Or any relationship at all.
John hadn’t realized he’d closed his eyes until he felt Sherlock’s hand on his cheek. John opened his eyes to see Sherlock looking at him with a sort of sad determination that was only amplified by the surreality of the situation. Sherlock and he were in bed together, Sherlock naked and John only in his pants, and Sherlock’s face was mussed with sleep lines, his lips and eyes puffy. And yet he was utterly serious.
The sheets rustled as Sherlock abruptly sat up, and John found his head being moved so that Sherlock could see his eyes.
After a bit, Sherlock finally seemed to catch his breath.
“You’re welcome,” said Sherlock, closing his eyes.
“If you mean how long you have been the most important person in my life, that would be since the pool. Since that importance took on new context? Your wedding. When I realized it went beyond reason? Appledore. If you mean how long have I wanted to express my feelings sexually? Since Eurus. Does that answer your question?”
John kept as much skin contact between them as he could, which meant resting his hands on Sherlock’s lean thighs, caressing the skin with the pads of his thumbs, all while Sherlock’s penetrating gaze began awakening in front of him. Sherlock had always had a sweet tooth, so he was focused on the cocoa at first, but as he slowed down his consumption of the drink, and the sugar and chocolate began to take effect, John knew that the full frightening power of Sherlock’s mind was coming back online. He stared at John with thoughts and ideas in his mind, trying to puzzle out John’s behavior. John wasn’t sure he wanted to know what Sherlock was deducing.
A pause while Sherlock considered. John was not letting him look away. He wondered what John would think of him, what his reaction would be if he knew that Sherlock was already holding something back from him. That the parity John was striving for was already hopelessly lost. Had been lost for months. If he knew what Sherlock truly desired of him. Sherlock was certain he knew what John would say, how he would react, without having to ask. It would mean no arrangement. It might mean no John at all.
“Fuck!” shouted John, as Sherlock hit his prostate, “Right there, love, oh fuck, fuck, fuck.”
“John, may I ask you a somewhat uncomfortable question?”
John took a ragged breath.
“Oh, bloody hell,” said John, and clicked over to
John reached over to the plate he’d left on the bedside table and grabbed the buttered toast with jam he’d made earlier, now gone a bit soggy and no longer warm. He wasn’t bothered by this. Sherlock often found himself eating soggy, cold toast because John would leave it for him while he was playing his violin or in his Mind Palace, or gazing into his microscope. As far as John was aware, Sherlock might not even know toast was supposed to be warm and crisp.
“The thing you have to understand, Sherlock, is that I didn’t know the real story—why you’d done what you’d done and how—for two years. All I knew,
He was flustered. This wasn’t going well. He would never get the data he needed if John wouldn’t comply to his perfectly structured social engineering!
“Refractory period?” Sherlock managed, as John moved his greedy lips back to Sherlock’s neck. It suddenly seemed imperative he lay claim to it. Even before he’d acknowledged his physical attraction to Sherlock consciously, that neck had driven him mad. Either it was bare and temptingly elegant or it was wrapped in a scarf or highlighted by Sherlock’s raised coat collar. John was seized with the desire to cover every square inch of it with his lips, no matter how long that took.
John stared back, and smiled. Sherlock smiled back, a little slyly this time.
Sherlock sighed as if he were the one being put-upon.
John reclaimed his place on Sherlock’s lap, and Sherlock immediately folded himself around John, planting tentative kisses along the skin above his breastbone, and the base of his throat.
Once again, John did nothing. He did not remove Sherlock’s hand from his bum. He did not manhandle Sherlock up from his lap, or remove his hand from Sherlock’s curly head. He did not get up off the sofa and retire to his room, ending this strange, strange day.
“Please,” said Sherlock, forcing himself upright, and pulling his trousers clumsily up his legs. As he stood, John held out his hand, proffering the wet cloth. Sherlock took it, and as quickly as he was able with his fettered body still twitching in places, he stumbled into his room and closed the door.
“Sherlock, just so you know, this thing, us, whatever us is right now, I’m, er, I'm in,” said John, rather awkwardly. He felt Sherlock lightly kiss the place where his neck met his shoulder.
For a moment, there was nothing but a blank silence that felt markedly different from the quiet peace from just minutes before. John’s face was indescribable. Sherlock knew he hadn’t been expecting anything of the sort to fall from Sherlock’s lips and was probably still trying to formulate a response. Sherlock fought hard to maintain his outward calm, though his insides were roiling. It was nearly unbearable.
“Agreed.”
Later, he wasn’t sure how long it lasted, only that he had been completely absorbed in his task, though he guessed it hadn’t lasted very long. It had been over a year since John had anything more than his own hand to work with, and the warmth of Sherlock’s mouth, the movements of his tongue, his lips (tight suction, up and down, swirling around the head, lapping up drops of pre-come), would feel wonderful. Sherlock liked the idea of making John feel wonderful.
He handed the mug back to John, who placed it again on the bedside table, and then there was silence, a rather awkward and painful one that involved Sherlock trying to bore into John’s mind with imaginary laser beams coming from his eyes. John swallowed and spoke.
Sherlock squeezed his hand, and John felt the other come to rest on his forehead.
“That’s not exactly a great application of the scientific method, Sherlock. I believe you’re forgetting a variable, a rather sizable one . . .”
“Right,” said John. “Hold out your hand.”
“It’s been some time since I’ve done this,” said Sherlock. “Tell me to stop if you don’t like it.”
Rosie chose that moment to let out a piercing shriek, and John checked his watch.
“As of yesterday afternoon, when you brought me to orgasm with your hand.”
“You wish to have sex right now. You’re aroused.”
“You didn’t leave,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock is happy, until he isn't.
John had only
The next few minutes were a blur of vague movement, and he only somewhat recalled the feel of something warm and wet sponging him off, of someone rearranging his limbs. The first thing he was truly aware of was John putting his clothes on rather hurriedly and saying, “Hey, got to go pick up Rosie. Indian for dinner?”
His weight didn’t do much to shift Sherlock from his languid pose near the other end.
Sherlock closed his eyes in response and took a long breath. John’s brain caught up.
Sherlock did, and mentally congratulated himself for having gotten that bit right at least.
And then he was gone.
“Two fingers now,” said John when the slight burn turned to pleasure, and Sherlock complied, his free hand digging its fingers into John’s leg and giving away just how nervous he was.
he knew it would happen soon. Sherlock was non-verbal with pleasure, but his body was beginning to go taut again, his hips rising ever so slightly with the building tension that comes before a release. A lightning bolt ran straight from John’s gut to his dick at the sight. Sherlock's cock thickened in his fist.
A pause.
“Why do you think my hand will do it for you, when your own wouldn’t? Presumably, your hand is more familiar with the, er,
“About an hour ago.”
Of course when Sherlock did have a real medical emergency, it would be something of this nature. Of course it would. Uncomfortable for all involved. Embarrassing. But John was a doctor, and he could care for his patients, even the ones with conditions they (or he) found
John looked down at Sherlock’s face, lax in obvious genuine sleep. Sherlock was close enough that John could feel his warm breath heating the fabric of John’s jumper where it lay over his belly. In and out. In and out. Warm, then cool. Warm, then cool. He looked . . . peaceful.
John squeezed his hand. “Are you aware that you’ve been submitting to me for months? And getting sexual pleasure out of it?”
It was the strangest hand job John had ever received.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, I’ve already considered this,” said Sherlock, steepling his fingers under his chin. ”I don’t believe the arrangement should require strict guidelines, but I do have some stipulations.”
The cataloging continued for a long while. John nearly came several more times, two of which were during Sherlock’s interlude with his prick, perhaps the longest ten minutes of John’s life. When he was sure he couldn’t take much more of it, Sherlock abruptly straddled him, slicked up John’s cock, and lowered himself down. This all happened very fast; John hadn’t even noticed Sherlock preparing himself, and now Sherlock’s tight passage was gripping him, and he thought he might die.
“What?”
“Well, then,” said John at last, “thanks for that.”
Sherlock wiped his hand on the same tissue John had used earlier, and they sat in silence for a while, neither of them watching the telly, but eyes fixed on it nevertheless.
With a monstrous groan, John heaved himself up and eased himself out of Sherlock’s arse. He pulled the condom off and disposed of it in the bin by Sherlock’s nightstand.
He looked at John with his still-dilated eyes, with that expression he sometimes got while waiting for John to catch up, and that’s when John had an uncomfortable realization.
“I’m serious, now,” said John. “I know you haven’t had sex, but STIs are still something we should discuss. I was tested two months ago after I broke up with—”
It didn’t take long after that for Sherlock to achieve climax. John had pulled out a tissue from his pocket and caught the mess before it landed on Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock’s vision was full of stars, and he was warm and sleepy. He lifted his hips automatically when John pulled his trousers back up and tucked him inside.
“What about nausea?”
“As far as I can tell, you’re not having an adverse reaction to the medication. That’s very good. Dizziness can sometimes be a side effect, but I’m rather inclined to think that right now it’s being caused by panic. You’re panicking, Sherlock, hyperventilating. You know that, right?”
“No, that’s not—” stammered John, “How did you even deduce that’s what I wanted to talk about?”
“And why is that?” asked John, already knowing the answer.
“I’m not dropping,” said Sherlock. “I didn’t float with the stars.”
But Sherlock’s right hand was the main attraction. After he had run it in agonizing slowness up from the gently bent curve of John’s knee, up over his hip, back up John’s ribs, and down to his slightly convex belly, he finally paused at John’s pubic hair, as if afraid to continue.
Sherlock shook his head.
“Fucking fucking fuck,” said John, his vocabulary shot.
John’s hands were now fisted at his sides, and his hair was stuck up on the sides of his head. He looked somewhat deranged.
“Any ‘encounter’ will not end until both of us have come.”
Sherlock knew from experience that if she wasn’t seen to at this stage, the shrieks would increase in frequency and duration until she was red in the face and very hard to manage. John had shown him how to put her to bed soon after moving in, knowing there might be nights when it was just Rosie and Sherlock. He found the process comforting, and he didn’t even mind the singing. Sherlock wished he was going up with them now.
What did surprise Sherlock was that after one premature ejaculation in his pants, one hand job, and a frantic middle of the night bout of penetrative intercourse, Sherlock’s libido had awoken after a very long period of dormancy. Sherlock was horny, to use the common parlance. Everything gave him an erection. Or rather,
John tried to speak, “Sherlock . . .”
This incident had concluded with John “eating him out” (sexual vocabulary could be so vulgar), his pyjama pants pulled down to his knees, while Sherlock knelt in his chair, still clutching his violin. Sherlock felt he’d gotten the better end on that one. John had brought himself off with his own hand, and Sherlock had come out of it with both a spectacular orgasm, and a new piece for solo violin, which he called “For John and his Tongue.”
Sherlock met his eyes now.
About halfway through, Sherlock had flipped him over onto his belly, and spent ages running his long fingers up and down John’s back, placing closed mouth kisses at random intervals. He’d cupped John’s arse cheeks and squeezed, before running a finger down John’s crack to caress John’s hole. When John reacted positively to this, Sherlock had retrieved the lube from his bedside table and set about finding John’s prostate in record time. On the fourth or fifth brush against it, John had to concede: “Yellow,” he grunted out. Sherlock stopped what he was doing instantly. “Yes, John?”
“Yes,” said Sherlock, who was now taking slow, deep breaths once again. Probably a smart idea. John didn’t even know if Sherlock had ever had a hand-job, or any sexual contact with another human being.
During all of this, Sherlock’s face was slack with contentment, his breathing slow and steady. He evidently didn’t mind his flatmate touching him so intimately. But then, they wouldn’t be here now if Sherlock hadn’t propositioned John not three hours before for a medical emergency hand job, which had been preceded by, well, a dick pic. Anyone else exhibiting the same behaviors, and John would think they were coming on to him. But this was Sherlock. Sherlock didn’t do sex or emotional attachments. Sherlock didn’t understand social boundaries like other people did. Sherlock just did what he wanted, and only sometimes regretted it later (usually this was preceded by John becoming upset, and Sherlock regretting John's anger with him rather than the actual thing that caused the anger in the first place).
John’s eyebrows went up. “All right.”
“What about a lady?”
“Yes, do keep up.”
“So how’s this going to work then?” asked John later that night.
“How would you know? You’ve not even asked me.”
Sherlock just said, “John.” His eyes were still closed, his larger hands resting now on John’s naked hips.
So John did.
He spent the rest of the night lying awake in his bed, imagining every possible future scenario for John’s answer, telling himself surely John wouldn’t have reacted so outlandishly if Sherlock’s proposal hadn’t hit a nerve.
“Well?” asked John.
And then he was back, the hand was back in his hair, and he felt slick fingers at his opening. John pushed in two right away, and Sherlock moaned at the pleasure and pain of it. He didn’t take long to get to three, not even a minute, and then a blunt pressure was pushing at him, entering him, and John began thrusting.
He was able to move quickly enough to save his food being squashed into a pillow for Sherlock’s head, but not quickly enough for his brain to do anything about moving himself. His mad flatmate, whom he’d jerked off not an hour before—lest we forget!— was now lying with his tousled head on John’s lap. Curling himself around John’s middle like a comma. With sex hair.
“Wake up,” said John. “Sherlock.”
Long periods of time were thus spent leisurely pulling himself off to thoughts of the way John’s penis tasted in his mouth, or the way John’s tongue felt in Sherlock’s arsehole, or occasionally, what it might feel like for John to kiss him.
John seemed to like it, too. He was coming, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck.
“Condoms? Lube?” asked John.
“You heard me perfectly well!”
“John, I am no virgin.”
Sherlock released his hand. Well, then. Might as well do this properly.
He was unbearably close now. Their noses were almost touching. John closed his eyes and leaned his forehead until it rested against Sherlock’s. He sighed.
(See the end of the chapter for
John withdrew his fingers, and Sherlock heard as he pulled his cock from his pants, rolled on the condom, and slicked it up. Sherlock wished he could turn around and see it, watch as John pushed himself inside of Sherlock, anticipating the stretch and the pleasant burn of it. He moaned and raised his hips up slightly, widening his stance and raising up on to his knees, effectively presenting himself to John.
John shook his head. The memory passed.
“It’s all right, John,” said Sherlock. “I don’t mind.”
“Oh,” said John. “Well, next time, then.”
“Gonna come,” managed John.
The next thing Sherlock knew, he was being pushed onto the sofa face first. One of John’s hands gripped his hair, pressing his right cheek onto the back of the sofa, the other was unbuckling his trousers, pulling them down his thighs.
Another large sigh from John.
“Color?” asked Sherlock, finally lifting his head, then lowering it immediately to a new target. His lips were already swelling and his face bore the marks of John’s stubble as he drew John’s left nipple into his mouth, gently scraping it with his teeth.
Methodically, John combed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair bit by bit until he’d handled every inch. Down to the nape of his neck, up to his crown, around the delicate skin of his ears, smoothing his fingers around his hairline, John indulged himself. Every now and then he'd pick out a curl and twist it around his index finger. He did this for ages. And because apparently tonight was the night all kinds of boundaries were being crossed, when he desired to touch Sherlock further, he just did it. His fingers skimmed down to Sherlock’s face where they proceeded to trace the contours of Sherlock’s eyebrows, his closed eyelids and the space above his nose that John always forgot the medical term for. His thumb smoothed over Sherlock’s cheekbones, marveling at how smooth Sherlock’s skin was, like a warm alabaster statue come to life. John’s hand tickled its way down to Sherlock’s jaw, down the nape of his neck again (so warm), then back up to his tragus (that little triangle of cartilage in front of his ear).
“Is nice,” he mumbled, not bothering to push back his sleepiness in order to articulate his sentences properly.
After several hours, John became increasingly worried. He cracked the door to Sherlock’s bedroom, and indeed Sherlock was still abed, turned on his side. John took a deep breath and entered.
Sherlock gave John his full attention.
“Fuck, Sherlock! You can’t do this anymore!”
“Sherlock, I need you to open your eyes for me. That’s good,” he said as Sherlock complied. His eyes were wide and a little panicked as they met John’s, the pupils dilated, the whites a little bloodshot. John was momentarily thrown. It was unsettling to see Sherlock like this, so out of control. No, out of control wasn’t exactly right. He seemed . . . helpless?
John didn’t know exactly what it was he’d done wrong, but he knew it was something. If he were honest, it could be any number of things. Thinking about Sherlock and this bloody arrangement left him with a knot of anxiety somewhere in the back of his throat. He knew it was guilt.
“You maniac,” said John. “Give us a break! I’m not twenty-five anymore.”
An unmistakable coil of desire was unfurling low in John’s belly, running a line straight to his own cock, sparking nerve endings on random bits of his skin as the rest of his body got the message. With every stroke of John’s hand, Sherlock reacted, his breath now coming in heavy gasps, his head tilted to the side in what John could only think of as “wild abandon.” He was close now.
Once John had Sherlock sitting up, from his position straddling Sherlock’s lap, his knees resting on either side of Sherlock’s thighs, he was able to easily divest Sherlock of his t-shirt. Sherlock lifted his arms obediently and looked up at John with comically wide eyes as the t-shirt pulled over his face and then mussed his curls as it was pulled off. Sherlock, it seemed, was rather confident when sex was only a matter of simply touching the other person without giving over anything of yourself, but he was shockingly vulnerable like this, naked and open, and waiting for John to make the next move.
“You like that?” asked John. Sherlock just closed his eyes in response, and leaned into John’s hand. “I’ll remember that in future.”
Sherlock popped off and looked John in the face, hoping his unhappiness was conveyed.
“John, do you know that male octopuses have their reproductive organs in one of their arms? The male can detach it and hand it to the female for fertilization. Very convenient for her, I’m sure, very painful and traumatizing for him. They’re very smart, you know, octopuses.”
John's heart kicked up a frantic beat.
“All right,” said Sherlock, and he looked down at his lap.
“You don’t even know what I’m going to say.”
“How—how long?”
He ended up saying it anyway, then headed to the loo to clean himself up in as dignified a way as he could manage.
When he woke up, Sherlock was already awake and staring at him.
A nod.
“John?” breathed Sherlock, seemingly aware that John had once again become distracted.
They hadn’t looked at each other once.
John rolled his eyes. The last time Sherlock had a
It took Sherlock almost a week to work up to the next bit. It was crucial he get the wording just right. If John accepted his proposal, he would need to betray nothing but casual enthusiasm and nonchalance, as if offers like his were made every day, and it was nothing to make a big deal of. If, however, John rejected him, Sherlock would need to keep every bit of his no doubt fierce disappointment locked away tight. He would need to act as if the offer were still on the table, but he wasn’t fussed John hadn’t accepted.
“Oh,” said John, embarrassed. “Sorry. Should have asked if I could do that.” He went to pull away and settle in for sleep, but Sherlock held him in place.
Sherlock blushed. He’d never blushed in his life before today, but he was blushing now. He was practically curled up into a ball at John’s feet, and was finding it unexpectedly difficult to look him in the eye.
“Headache?”
“John, she is an infant, she doesn’t understand you. And sex shouldn’t be—”
Sherlock endeavored to be as normal as possible. He vaguely insulted John’s intelligence, blew something up in the microwave, and screeched incomprehensible tunes on his violin (Rosie was very amused by this, and joined in with screeches of her own), but his heart wasn’t in any of it. How long did a person need to THINK? Surely this decision would have taken minutes at most for Sherlock.
“And what do you want, Sherlock?”
John’s breath was coming in short gasps, and his penis was hardening even as Sherlock watched. It was very nice, John's penis. Thick and sturdy, like John.
- - -
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock!” John hissed, unable to told back his reaction. By instinct, he shielded the phone from prying eyes, even though no one else was in the room.
Sherlock obliged him, though John could tell he wasn’t pleased by the interruption. His face heated at the thought that he’d done this to Sherlock, made him languid with kisses. Bloody hell, if he’d known all it took to make Sherlock stop talking was a good snog, he’d have done it years ago. But John needed to talk. It was suddenly imperative that they were on the same page.
“That’s not necessary, John.”
They were quiet for a bit. Then Sherlock asked, “Why are you still angry?”
John stared at his own hand for an unknown period of time, his cock hard in his pants. (He might have had to worry about embarrassing himself, but Sherlock had been right. The whole thing had taken less than two minutes.)
“Mr. Chatterjee.”
, thought Sherlock. And then,
But Sherlock wasn’t done manhandling him. Slowly, and carefully, he ran his fingers down from John’s back and began tracing the edge of John’s pants. He was wearing a pair of loose-fitting boxers, and it didn’t take much pressure for Sherlock’s fingers to slide under the elastic band, which they did, over and over, teasing him. John shuddered and his entire body broke out in goose pimples, his cock now doing much more than twitching.
“Surely you haven’t changed so much in the years we’ve lived apart, John,” Sherlock managed, recovering himself. “You’ve always been,” Sherlock paused a fraction of a second to search for the right word, “ . . . voracious.”
But John had slithered up behind him and whispered in his ear, “Do you want my mouth?”
“Of course.”
He was being
John's little medical handjob may have flipped a switch in Sherlock's brain . . .
“Why were you angry with me?”
Sherlock reached back around and placed both of his large hands on John’s arse cheeks and squeezed. John couldn’t help it; he moaned. Sherlock only squeezed harder.
When he woke up several hours later, John stretched, and with a feeling of simultaneous dread and excitement, headed down the stairs. Sherlock wasn’t in the sitting room or the kitchen. With not a little trepidation, he knocked on Sherlock’s closed bedroom door.
“Good,” said John. “That’s good.”
“So if you were curious, did you ever try?” asked John.
“Fuck,” said John, grabbing Sherlock’s hips and clumsily bringing his erect penis to bump against Sherlock’s opening. The blunt head of it was warm and slick, and it made Sherlock want to laugh. But John managed it in the end, pushing into Sherlock in one smooth, hard thrust. It didn’t burn as much as Sherlock remembered, probably because of the analingus.
“Sherlock,” John breathed, trying to gain control, “I’m really—I’m going to come, very quickly.”
“Must protect the transport, John.”
He almost didn’t notice when John pulled away briefly to slick up his fingers, so lost to the sensations of his body was he, but he did notice when John said, “Just one for now,” and pushed his index finger into Sherlock.
He leaned down for another soft kiss then sat up, grasping Sherlock’s prick in his hand and guiding it to his entrance. He felt as the crown breached the first sphincter and he tightened by reflex. Sherlock was whimpering a little, squirming, obviously fighting to hold himself still while John took his time. John knew that feeling, the need to move, to thrust, to claim.
John was in the sitting room now. “I don’t care if you’re bloody well trying to think, you great fucking numpty.”
“Sherlock, why are you telling me about an octopus’s penis?” asked John, pausing slightly, not really expecting an answer. He was undeniably aware of the proximity of his own penis to Sherlock’s thigh muscles. “Why are you in my bed?”
“Don’t worry about me. I’m a big boy. If I need, you know,” he mouthed the word ‘sex’ so Rosie wouldn’t hear, “I can just go down the pub, or use one of those hook-up thingies.”
John took pity on him, thankfully, as John often did in such situations, though he was clearly uncomfortable. “It’s fine, Sherlock. I’m glad you asked, instead of, well, you know.”
“Yep,” said Sherlock, popping the ‘p’. He had begun removing John’s one remaining item of clothing. Down came the pants, and John was naked before an extremely enthusiastic Sherlock. John took a deep breath. What now?
- - -
The arrangement is no longer satisfactory for either party. Sherlock and John figure out what's next.
His fingers found Sherlock’s pulse again. “Just keep breathing, mate,” said John. “I’ve got you. This is not a huge problem and you’re going to be okay.”
If he made any noise, it was unintelligible.
(Haven't actually finished writing a fic in literally over a decade, so I'm proud of myself regardless. Perhaps I shall write more.)
“Yes or no, John?”
“John,” rumbled Sherlock. John could feel the words vibrate his lips. “John, your . . . you just . . . didn’t you?“ He groaned as John increased his suction.
He fell asleep on top of the covers close to dawn, promising himself as he slipped away that he and Sherlock would be talking in the morning. John had a lot to say.
Sherlock wanked him with a single-minded focus he really should have expected. Every touch was a calculated move, every response of John’s carefully observed. His grip was firm when John expected gentle, and gentle when he expected firm. He spent a good portion of time just feeling John’s bits, as if memorizing them. And he was silent. Most of John’s previous partners liked to make noise, even if it was a bit put on. Noises were sexy, in John’s experience. Just hearing them does something to your brain. Dirty talk, moaning, groaning, sighing, sucking, endearments, encouragements . . . he’d pretty much heard it all.
Sherlock closed his eyes.
“That’s not creepy at all,” said John, rubbing his eyes and face blearily.
“No.”
Until, that is, he couldn’t anymore.
“That is, to say . . . sex.”
reaction was not small. Sherlock let out a long groan before John’s grip had even closed, and this time John couldn’t tell if it was a groan of pain or pleasure, or both. Sherlock’s cock was pulsing with heat in his hand
The combination of that intense wank (oxytocin, his lovely friend), and the familiarity of puttering around the kitchen worked nicely to soothe his agitation, and soon he found himself in a strangely pleasant mood, considering. His hands and face felt all warm, and the flat seemed very bright. He caught sight of Sherlock’s prone form as he passed by the kitchen door, and a wave of affection for the melodramatic git washed over him. It was a nice feeling, all in all, so he didn’t push it away.
“Yes or no?” asked Sherlock, his voice low in his throat.
It was a struggle to keep his eyes open, not to make an obscene noise, to be as still as possible and record this moment forever for his Mind Palace.
He shoved Sherlock down onto the sofa again, this time lengthwise, and climbed on behind him. Soon, he was back inside Sherlock again; this time every thrust hit Sherlock’s prostate at just the right angle. His fingernails clawed at the sofa cushion. Sherlock saw stars. There was an exquisite swirling, a building up of tension rising up from his anus through the rest of his genitals, spiraling out in bursts, and then Sherlock was coming, his penis completely untouched.
Sherlock remained floating, but it didn’t feel so pleasant or warm anymore. He felt unmoored and rather alone. An ache welled up in his throat and he tried to push it back down.
After cleaning up a bit and making himself presentable
“Yes,” breathed Sherlock.
John’s cock lay thick between them, pulsing with every new detour Sherlock’s roving hand made, eager for him to just bloody touch him already, where both of them knew he wanted to. John flexed his hips in encouragement, but didn’t dare do more.
Thrust, thrust. Hands tightening on hair. A moan, long and low, pulled from Sherlock.
But now, he was dead to the world.
“All right, Sherlock. You can keep your eyes closed, if you want—
John could feel the warm puffs of Sherlock’s breath against his lips as he spoke.
John leaned his head back and closed his eyes. Perhaps it was easier for him to speak this way. He always closed his eyes or looked away from Sherlock when speaking of Mary. Sherlock didn’t mind. As someone who had only recently begun to accept and experience his own baser human emotions, he often found himself overwhelmed by them. If John needed to look away in order to say important things to Sherlock, then by all means.
“Sherlock, I can’t do this right now. Can we go get some tea? I’ll make you a nice fry-up.” John checked his phone on the nightstand for the time. It was almost noon.  “Mrs. Hudson only has Rosie until two, and then she’s got tea with Mrs. Turner.”
He sighed and left to take care of his own medical emergency.
“Yes,” said Sherlock. “I thought it was me, I thought that’s just how it was for me, with sex. And you did everything I asked of you. Why do you want to end the arrangement?” Sherlock had been holding onto this hand the whole time, and now John felt Sherlock’s thumb begin to stroke over his wrist. “If I can have just the pleasure without the rest of it, I want that.”
Sherlock paused a fraction before speaking, “No.”
Despite his worry, he was surprised at how nice this felt, holding Sherlock. He was very aware of the places their chests were touching. He could feel the small bumps of Sherlock’s nipples rubbing faintly against his stomach as Sherlock breathed. Sherlock smelled like soap and sweat. The hairs on his legs prickled gently against the finer hairs on Sherlock’s legs. John hadn’t really registered until then that Sherlock was fully naked. He must have fallen into the bed after his shower, too apathetic to even put on his pyjama pants or a pair of briefs. After living with him for years, John knew a frightening amount of strange and intimate details about Sherlock, including that he preferred to sleep naked when it was warm, and that during the winter (when he deigned to sleep at all) he preferred the opposite, to be bundled up under layers of cloth and blankets. It was November; he should be well bundled up. Now, John could feel Sherlock’s soft prick nestled against the top of his thigh, and the intimacy of this shot a lance of instinctual fear through him. His face was hot and his first thought was to pull away, to leave.
“The sexual ones, John. They weren’t there. All of my partners were objectively attractive, but they did nothing for me besides annoy and frustrate me. Attempting to attain the appropriate levels of sexual arousal was extremely tiresome, and I grew bored quickly.”
He rose, necessitating Sherlock to rise as well, which he did with as much grace as he could muster, his pants sticking to his skin. It was extremely uncomfortable.
Sherlock had spent the last six months soaking up as much of John as he could, filing the good bits (and most of the other bits as well) away in the room he kept for John in his Mind Palace: John in the mornings before his tea, all sleep-rumpled and grumpy. John when he was several drinks in, cheerful and overly affectionate. John when he was yelling at Sherlock for something or other. John when he was with Rosie, loving and solid, kissing her on the cheek and making her giggle. He’d even started building a small room for Rosie herself, who recognized both his face and voice now, and had started babbling at him in her indecipherable baby language. Sherlock badly wished he could understand her, and was seriously contemplating learning sign language, as he’d read a fascinating article that claimed babies could communicate before they learned to form words. He thought it would be a grand experiment. (He hadn’t anticipated the fascination of having a brand new mind to study and observe when Rosie was first born. He couldn’t underestimate it now.)
“Do you want me to?”
With an awful feeling in his gut, John was forced to admit that what he’d done that afternoon was much closer to abuse than it had been to sex. He’d taken advantage of Sherlock’s vulnerability and his desires, and used them to punish Sherlock. That sex hadn’t been about mutual pleasure or release; it had been about John, and John’s anger, and John’s inability to communicate.
“All right, but let me do it, okay?”
Leaning forward on the ottoman, his hand closed over Sherlock’s erection.
Much to Sherlock’s surprise, their third encounter didn’t happen until a week and a half later. He assumed upon reflection that John’s needs had been temporarily satisfied, and that he would initiate again when he needed to. Now that Sherlock had orgasmed—twice—with John, he was finding himself reluctant to be the initiator. There seemed a power in orgasms with John that orgasms by himself, or with his long ago partners, did not hold. Sherlock knew all too well what that power was, and shrunk back from it. He would wait for John.
“I know. I know. I have forgiven you, I really have. I told you, that night Mary shot you, it all stopped mattering. If you went away, I couldn’t do that again. You needed to stay, and that was it. And if you jumped off a building for me, lost your reputation, spent two years wandering over God’s green creation just to keep me safe, so you wouldn’t have to feel like that, like I did the night that bullet went into your chest, well—I just, I suddenly understood it. Understood you.”
The rhythm they found together was slow but steady. John did most of the moving at first, trying out new angles, finding what felt good, and how hard, and how fast. Sherlock’s hands clutched John’s hips for dear life, and John was thankful his fingernails were so short.
Sherlock was an eager kissing partner, though clearly inexperienced. His lips were soft and warm, and pliant against John’s own. After the first couple of kisses, which were enthusiastic but sloppy (and ended with teeth clacking together), Sherlock had ceded control to John, and John had willingly taken it. Now, John cupped his friend’s face in the palms of his hands and pulled Sherlock’s bottom lip between his own, scraping it gently with his teeth. He kept the tongue action to a minimum, mostly wanting to acquaint Sherlock to the feeling of another body invading his personal space.
“Sherlock, I’m serious.” He met Sherlock’s eyes. “If we’re going to do this, it’s going to be for both of us, and that means we both get off, every time. Agreed?”
John tried to say the words.
when I touch you,” said John, scooting his head a smidge closer to Sherlock’s.
He opened his eyes to find Sherlock staring at him, an unfamiliar expression on his face. It took John a while to place it, what with the post-orgasmic haze and all, but also because he’d never seen Sherlock express that particular emotion. It was a bit of fascination, yes, but mostly it was surprise.
A tight grin from John, a smirk back from Sherlock.
John had that feeling again, that he should be feeling weird about this, only he didn’t. It felt nice to have Sherlock snuggled around him like a living blanket, his body heavy with sleep. It felt nice to allow himself the human contact. And so he did.
Sherlock let out a plaintive sigh as John pulled back and opened his eyes. John ran his thumb lightly over Sherlock’s now kiss-swollen lips. His curls were mussed, and he was breathing heavily. It was ridiculously sexy, but John persisted.
“It has come to my notice of late that you are more than usually sexually frustrated. No, don’t even try and deny it. You are irritable. In the last two months, your shower time has doubled, and when you see an attractive woman on TV, especially one in a sexual situation, you have taken to ‘calling it a night’. You did this three days ago at seven o’clock. From this, I can only conclude that your masturbation habits have significantly increased. Your internet bookmarks would also indicate increased sexual frustration.
“Because I thought you were actually hurt and you needed me.”
“You don’t ever have to date anyone else ever again.”
Sherlock’s heart quickened.
John floated back into consciousness while it was still dark outside. The sounds of London at night reached him through the open window. A part of him wondered why he had awoken. A light breeze made him shiver, and he snuggled into the warmth that cocooned him. He sighed in contentment before stiffening in surprise. A surge of adrenaline chased away his lingering sleepiness.
Today, though, John wasn’t giving in. Not unless Sherlock was lying on their kitchen floor, dying. Anything else could wait. Burnt hands, stubbed toes, hot wax strips applied to arms that Sherlock was afraid to rip off himself (all in the name of science!) . . . none of it.
No sexytimes quite yet. Sorry! First I wanted cuddles.
When had Sherlock crawled into his bed? And how had he done it without waking John?
It was a close-up of an erect penis. Presumably Sherlock’s.
“You like being touched. You crave human affection.”
After Sherlock had retreated to his room and not come out until the middle of the night (John had heard him turning on the shower, though it didn’t seem to take nearly as long as Sherlock’s showers usually did), John had done some research. It didn’t take long to learn that his approach to sex with Sherlock was fucked up. If he was going to dominate Sherlock in bed, there were things he needed to do, they needed to do together, which they (he) had absolutely not done. There had been no discussion of limits, no safewords, and the consent on Sherlock’s part had been iffy at best. There had been no aftercare, and with a pang of adrenaline that started in his gut and seemed to run all along his arms down to his fingers, he wondered just how often Sherlock had been crashing after their encounters. That was almost certainly what had happened the last time. There had certainly been no equalizing of power afterwards; that would have involved actual communication.
“Yes. Yes, John. That. Please.”  John kissed the top of his curly head while Sherlock breathed into his neck.
“Not now, John,” said Sherlock, who was clearly busy standing at the window with his violin, composing in his head. As if John didn’t know this perfectly well.
John stared at his mad flatmate, whose hands were still steepled. His creamy, perfect skin was luminous in the pale glow shining in from the street lights. The strong outline of his profile made John want to consume him.
“John, enough, you’re becoming hysterical. This conversation was your idea. I’d be more than happy to keep having sex with you.”
At last, Sherlock moved, combing his fingers through the wiry gray and blonde curls that surrounded John’s cock, and then came to rest there. He gripped the base tentatively, still feeling it out, not yet giving pleasure. John found it impossible to remain still during this tortuous exploration. His hips bucked, the motion causing his erection to slide up through Sherlock’s open hand, and along his wrist before he could manage to still himself again.
“When do you think you will begin seeing women again socially? Is a year too soon? If you’re to remain here, there are things we should discuss,” Sherlock said. He’d said this as confidently as he’d done when he’d imagined this conversation, but he felt himself faltering now under the calm scrutiny of John’s gaze.
The response didn’t arrive right away. John almost thought Sherlock wasn’t going to answer him at all, and briefly entertained the thought that something might actually be wrong with him, but before he could decide what to do about that, a picture text popped up.
Sherlock’s soft, warm belly provided just enough friction to John’s recovered erection . . . he groaned out his second orgasm of the night as Sherlock’s hips started to falter in imminent release.
“I’m going to head off,” said John, eventually. “Night, Sherlock.”
“You said you’d forgiven me,” said Sherlock, “for the Fall. For jumping, for not telling you I was alive. You said you’d forgiven me. Were you lying? When did you stop being angry with me?”
Their second encounter occurred the next night. Sherlock was sat on the sofa watching a nature documentary about honeybees when John joined him.
“That’s when you started panicking.”
are really important to me, and you’re not okay. You weren’t okay last night or this morning, and I think it’s my fault.” John tried to swallow the painful lump that had appeared in his throat. His hands squeezed Sherlock’s thighs affectionately.
“I lied,” said Sherlock.
He watched as a slow, lewd smile appeared on John’s face, and then John was up like a shot, stumbling clumsily out of his clothes in his haste. Off came the shoes, socks, trousers, and jacket. Before he took off his shirt, he pulled a small packet of lubricant and a condom out of his chest pocket and threw them onto the bed with Sherlock, who had not moved in the slightest. He was mesmerized by this tipsy display of casual nudity. At last only his pants remained, and he crawled onto the bed. Sherlock rolled so that he was on his back, facing John, who promptly yanked down the single layer of bedding that covered Sherlock’s naked form.
While John was contemplating his inability to access Sherlock’s lips, Sherlock once again grabbed John’s hand and put it back on the top of his head, this time holding it there until John did what he wanted, which was to pet him like a sweet little cuddly kitten. But Sherlock was emphatically not a kitten. John resumed running his fingers through Sherlock’s curls anyway, pressing rhythmically on his skull, scratching with his nails.
“Thought so. Now, have at it.” John moved to get up. “I’ll be in the other room. I’ll need to take your vitals when you’re finished.”
The force of Sherlock’s orgasm seemed to push John over the edge. With a few more forceful thrusts, he came, shooting into the condom, his breath heaving as he knelt over Sherlock. Both of them didn’t move, couldn’t move, as they came down. The encounter didn’t seem to have gone the way either of them expected. Sherlock could feel John’s penis softening inside him.
“Somewhere in the last five hours or so, we stopped being just friends and roommates. I’m not going to pretend I didn’t know exactly what you were asking me when you asked if you could touch me. Call it whatever you like, sexual partners, lovers”—Sherlock’s face moued in distaste at the last word—”but there are certain things you do when you’re having sex with someone, particularly someone you care for, and one of those things is respecting your partner’s history and their boundaries. I can’t do that if I don’t know what those boundaries are. Normally, I’d be able to make a good guess, but . . .”
He didn’t believe John would reject him; he’d thought out the variables as far as he could, but there was always something. He had to be prepared. The consequences to his friendship with John, should he foul this all up, could be disastrous.
“Lestrade.”
“You don’t like it when people touch you,” said John.
He retreated to his room. He had some thinking to do.
Ohhh, are you a ghost? Emelia Ricoletti, perhaps?
DR HERSCHER
Sherlock raises his head, using his available hand to continue stroking John's penis. He smiles slyly.
Oh, okay. So... what did you want to chat about?
Sherlock replies with a moan, the vibrations inadvertently bringing John more pleasure.
UPDATE: Chapter 15 will be posted mid-October. Apologies for the delay. As always, thank you for reading!
SHERLOCK
(under breath)
Hi Rosie. Staying dry in there? Do be careful with Sherlock's umbrella, Rosie. I remember how you destroyed the last one.
Oh, right.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Show me your research, please.
There's only really the one bloke.
I won't be much longer, darling.
Oh, please. Like you don't know what a safeword is.
SHERLOCK
Yeah, but downtown London nurseries come with long wait lists. They're notoriously impossible to get into, Sherlock.
John washes dishes at the sink.
John measures out dry rice and looks over at Sherlock standing idly in front of the washer.
What's this?
John doesn't respond; he's sound asleep. Sherlock paces the room, glancing occasionally at John.
Er... wow... I had no idea.
SHERLOCK
Can't you see I'm working?
Must I?
Sherlock... I'm coming soon...
I go collect Rosie while you get housework done. Would that work?
"Miss me?"
Someday it would be nice for you to have a little brother or sister... I don't know exactly how that would happen, but it is nice to have a sibling. Even my sister. Even the Eurus, Mycroft, Sherlock trio.
A meeting in the park, much to talk through.
SHERLOCK
AUDREY
(glancing at watch)
But where did the stroller's rain cover go? It isn't here. Oh, damn it! I took it out to let it dry in the foyer and forgot to repack it.
Sherlock, you are bloody brilliant.
Of course you're not. I know you'll need to discover it on your own. All I can do is nudge you in the right direction from time to time.
John looks up and sighs deeply.
John notices Sherlock standing there and smiles.
(subdued)
Rosie blows kisses insistently. John sighs and leans over to kiss Rosie on the head.
I'm sorry I ever doubted you.
John squeezes his eyes shut, mortified. Sherlock pauses and stands a mere foot away from John, facing him.
Mycroft opens his mouth in shock but can't respond for a few moments.
MYCROFT
Wait, did you have your homeless network --
You are a bit nervous to delve into something romantic with John.
Sherlock heaves a big sigh and glances at John.
Oh, I see that you do. Doesn't Sherlock remind you a bit of Thistle?
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - KITCHEN - SATURDAY MORNING
John frowns.
Carry on.
SHERLOCK
John bends over Sherlock with a smile and kisses him heartily, licking the inside of Sherlock's mouth with an insistent tongue.
Sherlock grows crosser and doubles down on the cattiness.
And you look positively scrummy right now, John. Freshly orgasmed.
AUDREY
He looks for John in the front rooms and peers into the kitchen. No luck.
Glad to see you are paying me the big bucks just to sit here and pout.
Okay, Rosie, let's go get ready.
Ah ha! The Mystery of the Missing Shoe.
All right, all right. A year from the start of the relationship, Sherlock. But you are being ridiculous setting a deadline --
What are you doing home in the middle of the workday is the real question?
Ahhhh!
SHERLOCK
"Wish me luck," Sherlock called out as he whirled around to the now
What do I taste like?
You mentioned the imbalance you feel in your relationship with Gary --
John... really?
We'll see if we can get them to you as soon as possible. For you and your bloke.
Pig parts?!
Sherlock attempts to cozy up even closer to John.
John, in jogging gear, does stretches on the rug. Rosie, next to him, adorably tries to copy him.
WARDEN
I don't actually know how to do laundry.
SHERLOCK
I apologize Sherlock. That was cruel of me to say. Particularly after the day you've had.
John looks completely overwhelmed, unable to meet Sherlock's eye.
Oh my God!
Oh, right, um...
(frustrated)
Perhaps it would. They had quite a few theories on the matter.
You might as well settle in, this is going to take ages to clean up.
SHERLOCK
Goodbye John.
SHERLOCK
LESTRADE
The two women chat and eat lunch happily. Nazir tells a joke and Molly laughs and puts a hand on Nazir's arm affectionately. Nazir is beaming with pure happiness, something Sherlock has never seen his colleague do before.
Lots of Lestrade and Nazir in this episode, too. I love those guys.
EXT. PARK NEAR BARTS - DAY
Sherlock flicks the vibrator on. John grabs Sherlock's arm tightly.
Oh God. Audrey, I'm an idiot. I'm a medical professional and none of these crossed my mind.
Sherlock shrugs.
Sherlock is a bundle of nerves now, thrown off by his memory. Across the restaurant, John happens to notice him, and smiles brightly and invitingly at him. Sherlock calms himself, straightens up, and goes to join John at the table with a winning smile.
AUDREY
You are an idiot, Sherlock Holmes.
All of them compensated for their time, I assume.
What's new these days upstairs, Sherlock?
Good morning, Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
You look absolutely delicious, John. I'd very much like to see you come like this.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock winces and closes his eyes, in preparation of the inevitable. John stops pacing, realizing something is wrong, but doesn't know what.
You might enjoy them, Dr. Watson, you never know.
You can tell me to go slower or stop whenever you need. Vatican Cameos aren't just for me, you know.
Cum spills through John's hand and pools onto Sherlock's heaving torso. John's finger slips out of Sherlock's bum as Sherlock curls to the side, shuddering with the remainder of his aftershocks. John makes short work of stripping off the glove and wiping off his hands so that he can cuddle up to Sherlock.
Do I make myself clear?
What?
It's John's turn to watch Sherlock's face carefully. Sherlock inhales.
They both close their eyes, ready for sleep.
Sherlock kneels behind John again, still in his own black underpants, grinding lightly against John's backside. They both feel Sherlock's erection growing as Sherlock sways, rubs and grinds it against John's arse. Sherlock moans softly as he does so. His movements, though slow and methodical at first, become stronger and ever more urgent. John uses all his self-control to maintain his position on all fours, wanting so much to get his eyes and hands on Sherlock's elusive, and from what John can tell, rather large erection.
Sherlock!
SHERLOCK
Sherlock jumps off the step stool, and dusts off his hands. Mrs. Hudson claps her own hands together in delight.
(looking about the room)
We WILL take it slow. Very.
John's gaze is back on Sherlock's face in an instant.
Okay. Well. I'll need to give you a tutorial on how to do laundry another day...
Look how happy they look.
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - KITCHEN - SATURDAY MORNING
HOURS LATER
SHERLOCK
John rubs his face at all this new information.
SHERLOCK
Warden Harper, could you ensure that all recording devices are turned off in this waiting room while we are occupying it?
"It would appear so," Sherlock replied with surprise in his voice.
SHERLOCK
I'm fine. Rosie and I will be fine. Go have your run.
Sherlock picks up Rosie upside down and makes her laugh.
Ok... will do. See you later tonight, John. Ta!
Sherlock watches the kids play as he organizes his thoughts.
(provocatively)
Certain actions, specific gestures... tell-tale facial expressions... I know when someone is in love with me. It's not that hard to tell --
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
Right. Sorry. Here we go.
See, Mr. Holmes? I hide nothing. I am good at my job but I have no problem admitting when I make mistakes.
SHERLOCK
Splendid!
Sherlock finishes his "vow speech" to the crowd gathered on the dance floor.
We decide things together. Remember?
I have some ideas...
He has some particularly strong feelings for me that I don't currently reciprocate.
SHERLOCK
They give each other warm, wet, showery kisses as they grind against each other, becoming ever needier.
FLASHBACK ENDS - RETURN TO PRESENT
SHERLOCK
Yes, they're jeans.
SHERLOCK
Mmm. Delectable.
MOLLY
... Whatever it takes, whatever happens, from now on, I swear I will always be there. For all three of you.
Mycroft scowls.
Just tea for me, thanks.
MOLLY
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - SITTING ROOM - FRIDAY NIGHT
DR HERSCHER
SHERLOCK
Sherlock stops pacing and stands in front of John. There's a wary look on Sherlock's face, but also a glint in his eye.
John, without realizing it, grabs a pillow to his abdomen protectively, like a shield.
Sherlock rushes off. Mrs. Hudson looks around and starts picking up papers and wrappers off the floor.
He sighs, fidgets, and looks down at the menu. Sherlock enters the restaurant with a confident smile. He spies a nervous John seated at the table across the room.
SHERLOCK
Mycroft rolls his eyes at Sherlock mis-naming Lestrade yet again.
SHERLOCK
John pulls Sherlock up so that he is sitting next to him on the sofa. John places a hand on the side of Sherlock's face and kisses his mouth amorously, exploring it tenderly with his tongue. After a moment, Sherlock breaks off the kiss and closes his eyes as he leans his head against John's head. He needs to catch his breath.
MRS HUDSON
They seem rather small, Molly.
Yes, I prefer to work out of my own home, although I do make the occasional exception.
SHERLOCK
I thought you might look good in it. And it matches the trousers perfectly. Here, I brought you a plain white shirt to try it on, but it would look good with anything... light blue, rose, pistachio green, even black.
Oh? I don't know if I need a waistcoat though.
Sherlock stands up, pulls John to his feet, and plants a kiss on his lips. He tugs John to the bathroom gleefully.
John straightens up quickly and snaps his head around to glare at Mycroft and Sherlock, who look away guiltily. John grunts and squats down next to Rosie grumpily.
Sherlock watches the front door of the Medical Center intently. Nazir eats lunch, leftovers out of a plastic container.
NAZIR
Sherlock... how do you know how to do all this?
Damn it.
DR HERSCHER
No, it isn't.
(quietly)
Sherk!
(shaking head)
SHERLOCK
A little bit of both, I guess. We'll find out, won't we?
SHERLOCK
John straightens up.
No, I rather think it best if we try one more toy, don't you?
(smiling)
Mrs. Hudson enters the flat and sees John and Sherlock (now in a comfortable t-shirt) sitting on the sofa. MEDIC #1 is filling out a report while MEDIC #2 is gathering up supplies.
(grinning)
John seems nice, him and his... boyfriend? What's his name again?
MRS HUDSON
John gazes at his hands in his lap, looking troubled. Sherlock watches him intently.
Oh dear. That noise.
Sherlock immediately cuddles up right next to John. Sherlock's head is on John's shoulder and his arm is thrown around John.
Lie down, Sherlock. Come, lie down.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock has a pleasant expression on his face from his reveries. They are still snuggled up with John resting his head on Sherlock's chest.
Just wanting you to know I was home.
Audrey nods and folds her arms, staring down Lestrade.
I see. You are as no-nonsense as Ella said you'd be.
John groans.
(the answer hits him)
Sherlock smirked to himself.
If YOU ever felt jealousy you kept it under wraps... okay, so maybe there was the occasional snarky comment to my girlfriend's face... or you showing up in the middle of my dates now and then, although half of those were case work and the rest I simply chalked up to some weird kind of fomo.
And Sherlock couldn’t stand another second of it.
“I just,” Sherlock started, still unsure. “I just want to know why you’re—”
He and John flicked around to find what appeared to be the entirety of Scotland Yard crowded around the glass doors of the hotel's entrance watching the scene play out. Sherlock shot them one of his classic looks of annoyance and watched as Lestrade gathered everyone back inside like sheep. He noticed a couple people flashing them some thumbs-ups through the glass doors.
"Absolutely not. I already told you there's no way that's happening."
“Alright, well, you’re an intelligent man, you’ll catch on quickly so I’m not too worried. What do you want to know?”
John giggled. "You are brilliant. You're just too brilliant for your own good, which makes you an idiot."
“Sometimes there’s food, or snacks at the very least. In our case, Greg has invested in a superb cake. For birthday parties, this would be the time you sing
"That he's in love with you, you bastard."
"And why is that?" Sherlock retorted, locking his eyes onto John's with a fierce intensity.
John was silent, staring into Sherlock's eyes with an equal mixture of anger and interest. His eyes flicked around the room around them. Sherlock didn't bother looking. He knew most heads were turned in their direction. John's gaze went back to Sherlock. For a moment it seemed like he was about to say something, he licked his lips, breathed deeply, gave his head a slight shake, but instead of saying anything, he turned in the opposite direction and headed for the door that led to the hotel's lobby.
John flashed Sherlock a goofy smile and gave him a disbelieving look that said,
"Well, I wouldn't call her makeup 'obnoxious' but yes, you're right. But, look, it made me realize something. I could have definitely went home with her under different circumstances but I didn't want to. I'm certain that I'm not gay, but Sherlock, I would be willing, more than willing, to make an exception for you."
"Not at all sure sounds like a good option." Sherlock muttered.
"So, I suppose this impromptu dance lesson means you'll be going to the party this Saturday."
"Sherlock, look at me." Lestrade yelled over the music.
"And then the other day," John continued, "when we were lying down on the floor in the sitting room and you just pulled my arm towards you, it did something to me, it dug up feelings that I thought I had pushed away long ago and I didn't know what to do."
Sherlock waited a moment before responding, going through the options John was presenting him with. "If I choose to have Mycroft over for dinner," he began with a hint of distaste in his tone, "could we possibly invite him over another evening when I have more time to prepare, possibly even enough time to go through a whole box of nicotine patches?"
“Pointless? I just want to know why you are outright refusing to go to this party.”
"Again with that," Sherlock muttered, drowned out by the music. "I don't care," he said loudly.
“Hey,” John said reassuringly. “It’s alright. Anything you want to talk about?”
“We’re here.” John said quickly, unbuckling his seat belt and scrambling for money to pay the cabbie before Sherlock could finish his sentence.
“Really, John, you’re wasting your energy.”
Sherlock resented her.
“Yes, as a simplified summary, I suppose that would do it justice.”
They broke apart hesitantly, inching back bit by bit only to find themselves unable to resist the urge to press a final kiss to the other person's mouth.
Sherlock pressed another greedy kiss to John's lips and he heard a holler coming from someone inside who was still looking out from the door. They both laughed.
"No, I think we should talk now."
"I'm right, aren't I?" Lestrade asked with a grin.
"You have to choose, Sherlock. What will it be? An awesome party...or Mycroft?"
However, Lestrade's conclusion did have an ounce of sense to it, upon further observation. It would explain why John had been so distant since the Arm Cuddling Incident. He was most likely taking some time away from Sherlock to figure out his feelings and why Sherlock's instinctive cuddling affected him in the way it did. This was a possibility that Sherlock had not entertained before. It was intriguing to him. He'd be lying if he said he never imagined what it would be like to take a step beyond where their relationship currently stood. But he had always brushed these thoughts away, claiming they were pointless impossibilities. But now, he found himself wondering how impossible they truly were. Suddenly, he could see him and John taking that step, sharing more moments like what happened during the Arm Cuddling Incident. They had always loved each other in some form but when did that platonic love turn into something more?
“No? Well, how about ten quid?”
John pulled back a bit to look Sherlock in the eye. "Do you mind if we give that first kiss another try?"
"I..." Sherlock thought about the best way to word it and found out there really wasn't any good way of wording it. "I cuddled him."
"That's not what I meant by it, really, it was—"
"Oh please, I've been living with John for years. I doubt I could scare him off now."
"Idiot?" Sherlock teased. "I thought you thought I was brilliant. I just solved one hundred cases, for Christ's sake, what more do you want?"
When it was announced that dinner was ready, Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief and took his seat. He busied himself with his food, picking away at the plate of chicken risotto, hoping to appear too distracted by the food to be engaged in more small talk. Thankfully, he was only interrupted once and ate the remainder of his meal in undisturbed silence.
Sherlock had been in the middle of a very precarious experiment involving severed fingers and corn starch when John walked into the kitchen, disrupting his spell of concentration. John idled behind him for a moment, opening and closing cupboard doors, wiping off the counter top, acting utterly suspicious. When John began to wipe off the kitchen table, dangerously close to Sherlock's tub of fingers, he decided it was time to speak up.
"Yes, I did. Actually, well, I'm planning to but I haven't sent him the message yet. That's because I have a deal for you, Sherlock. If you agree to come to this party, that all of Scotland Yard has so humbly arranged in your favour, then I will delete this message and you will not have to put up with your brother tonight. But if you refuse to come," John paused, digging out his phone from his pocket and lifting it in front of Sherlock to show him the message that was ready to be sent to his brother, "then I will be hitting
“Seriously,” Sherlock continued, “there isn’t a single thing you can do. I’m not going, that is a fact, that is the truth, and there is no way you can convince me otherwise.”
"Well, I think I could make an exception for you. If you would do so for me, that is."
Sherlock chuckled. "It's up to you. Although, I wouldn't mind finally showing off some of those dance moves you taught me."
. The flat was instantly filled with the pulsating sound of drums and electronic keyboards. “Go ahead.”
"The most ridiculous thing you've ever done?"
Sherlock breathed out a quick
"I think we need to talk." He found himself saying.
"Well, first of all, you're being insanely quiet, keeping all those signature sarcastic comments to yourself. It's not like you at all."
Sherlock took a tentative step towards John and pulled him into his arms. John closed the distance and melted into Sherlock's embrace. It felt like the most natural thing in the world. Sherlock found himself completely unconcerned by the fact that they were hugging in the middle of a cramped sidewalk in Notting Hill just outside the entrance of a hotel that people were bound to come in and out of. It didn't matter a bit to him. Even John didn't seem to care. That was a first.
"No, thank you." Sherlock didn't offer Lestrade so much as a glance. His eyes were fixed on John. He had taken off the jacket of his suit and was now stepping around rhythmically and shaking his head, probably as a response to someone's question. Then, John kept moving to the beat, escalating into some of the signature moves Sherlock was more familiar with.
"Never," he confirmed.
"You just might be."
John took a long breath and resisted the urge to do an over-the-top face-palm.
“Is that it?”
“And then?”
John laughed, pressing his lips to Sherlock's cheek and then he took Sherlock's hand in his own, guiding him in the direction of the hotel.
Sherlock thought about this for a moment, looking blankly at John. “Show me.”
“Why not?”
“Because I don’t want to.”
“No,” he said with a touch of humour in his voice. “People don’t usually choreograph their dances ahead of time for parties. All you have to do is listen to the music, move with the beat, do a few simple moves, that sort of thing.”
"Mycroft?! You invited Mycroft over for dinner?!" Sherlock dropped everything to give John his full attention, flashing him a look mixed with horror and annoyance.
"No," Sherlock cut John off, turning to him. "You don't look ridiculous."
He found John standing near the street, raising his arm to hail a cab.
And with those words, John's thumb twitched less than a centimeter closer to the
"Okay," John said with his voice still caught up in the end of a laugh. "Okay, you don't have to do my head-nodding thing. Just be yourself and do whatever comes naturally."
and for other gatherings it could be a time for a speech.”
Forty minutes after Lestrade brought out a ridiculous magnifying glass cake, that he seemed far too proud about for his own good, Sherlock found himself sitting at the bar watching from a distance as the crowd around him swayed and jumped to the music. There was no way he was going to join in on the "fun". It was so different dancing with John. The same music, perhaps. The same energy, maybe. But that experience held a more private quality that this dance floor did not offer. He couldn't imagine pulling out any of those dance moves he used with John at this party.
Sherlock opened his mouth, perfectly ready to explain what was on his mind but John cut him off before he had the chance to start.
"But I do."
Sherlock searched for John out on the dance floor and found him speaking with Anderson, of all people. The woman from before was nowhere to be found.
Sherlock huffed.
So, there they were, sitting in the back seat of the cab on their way to the party in total, utter, absolute, maddening silence.
"Ah, there's the old Sherlock I remember."
He found himself resenting John too, just because he was associating with her. She wasn't what John needed, what John deserved. She knew nothing about him. She didn't know that John used to be an army doctor, that he was a man full of compassion, that he owned more ridiculous-looking jumpers than any other man in London, that he makes an excellent cup of tea in the morning. She didn't know John Watson in the way Sherlock did. Sherlock prided himself on this fact and continued to eat his dinner in silence, keeping an inconspicuous tab on John.
"Only scarce comments, nothing about what happened. And, honestly, I don't even know what happened. Or why it seems to be such a big deal! People cuddle all of the time!"
"Well, it's been quite a while since Mycroft's been by the flat and I thought—"
"Go out there and get him to talk to you. Just don't scare him off."
"I love the way your whole face crinkles up when you smile." John said happily.
"So, does that mean you'll be going to the party?"
Sherlock ran his hands along John's back and settled his right hand into the short hairs at the back of John's neck. He felt John's grip on his shoulders tighten and he clung to him.
“No, no that’s fine, thank you,” then, not wanting to sound too curt, he added, “Really, John. Thank you.”
"No, just stop. Really, stop." John covered his face with both hands, probably unable to believe he was having this conversation with his flatmate. "You're always doing things like that."
“I already told you, I’m not going and that is final. It shouldn’t matter why I refuse.”
Sherlock ran through many possibilities for John’s sudden silence and found that the most viable conclusion was that Sherlock had indeed crossed some kind of boundary by leaning into John while they were lying on the floor, beat out from dancing. It had been such an innocent, careless action but it seemed to be the root of whatever was wrong with John. John was perfectly fine around Mrs. Hudson, engaging her in all kinds of conversations about the lovely weather they’ve been having and the supposed snow storm they’d been calling for that afternoon. Clearly, he wanted everyone to know it was a Sherlock problem. And seeing as John was acting perfectly normal up until what Sherlock was now terming the Arm Cuddling Incident, that must be the only explanation for John’s spurt of silence.
John turned his head to the left to face Sherlock. He nodded. "Yes. And I raided Afghanistan."
playlist and clicked
That was it. That was the final straw that drove Sherlock into doing something that, without the coaxing of Lestrade mixed with a bit of alcohol and natural adrenaline, he would not normally do. "Well, if people would talk if we danced together, then what would they do if they saw this?"
John began moving his head to the beat, nodding along at first and slowly getting more adventurous with it by letting his head sway from side to side to the rhythm. Everything about the movement looked so natural in coordination with the music that Sherlock found himself utterly lost in watching John dance. It was mesmerizing to see him that way—eyes pressed shut, head bobbing to the music, feet doing a little hopping thing that, if it were anyone but John, would look utterly ridiculous but he made it work.
"Because we're not!" John yelled.
"Yes, I can see that. What was it this time? It must have been pretty bad. Severed legs in the cupboards? Cockroaches between the couch cushions? Or did you finally burn down the place?"
John gave him a little smile, the kind of adorable little quirk of his lip that sent Sherlock’s heartbeat skyrocketing. Sherlock lost himself in returning the smile.
John deliberately turned his head to the left to direct his focus out the window.
John grinned up at him. "And I love you too, you idiot."
"So, you decided to ignore me for several days?" Sherlock joked lightly.
John sighed, coming to terms with the fact that he wasn’t getting out of this one. He also may have mumbled a quick “you bugger” under his breath but Sherlock was too far way to be certain. John moved to the center of the room where he was least likely to smack an elbow off a chair. He faced Sherlock reluctantly. “Alright, so I usually just start off by nodding my head to the music, getting a feel for the song I’m dancing to, like this.”
“Sherlock . . . “ croaked John, his desperate longing to be touched evident in his voice.
The next hour or so of John’s life was strange but lovely. Sherlock had indeed tasted every inch of John’s skin, bit by agonizing bit, and more than that besides. Most of the places Sherlock placed his mouth were to be expected: John’s nipples (Sherlock spent a long time there), his stomach, his navel, his hips and thighs, his fingers and hands. He had also been strangely fascinated with the skin on the inside of John’s elbows and knees, and had spent several leisurely minutes with his face shoved in John’s oxter.
He swung his leg up Sherlock’s thigh for leverage, and did as he was told. He fucked Sherlock’s fist for all he was worth. Sherlock’s adjusted his grip to just the right pressure as John moved.
, he thought. He lay there for what seemed like hours, but probably wasn’t very long at all, and tried to recall the incredible high he’d just been on, and not this horrible, bitter feeling that had replaced it. Where was the satisfaction, the comfort, that he’d experienced before?
Sherlock didn’t say anything, only closed his eyes.
“I know that,” said Sherlock.
John kept stroking him through it, warm semen falling on his hand and shooting up to Sherlock’s chest and belly. He gradually tapered off the squeezes and pulls as Sherlock’s now-relaxed body began the come down from its five-hour high. John released Sherlock’s prick with one final, gentle pull, and Sherlock collapsed bonelessly back into the couch.
John started. “What? What kind of arrangement?”
Finally, he sighed in exasperation. “Sherlock, what the
“You wish to end the arrangement. It has become unsatisfactory for you.”
“I’m going to touch you now,” said John. The reaction was small, but he didn’t think he was imagining Sherlock tensing up ever-so-slightly in expectation.
At last, Sherlock broke the silence.
John couldn’t help laughing. “Revenge,” he said, and then yelped when Sherlock pinched his bum.
was a cold front.
“Oh, no. Remember the rules? I come, you come.”
John’s body had known Sherlock was snuggled up so close. It had responded instinctively to Sherlock’s wrapping himself around John by wrapping him right back. He had moved into Sherlock’s embrace, welcoming Sherlock’s arms and legs, and responding in kind with his own. And judging by his earlier state of contentment, he’d been quite enjoying himself.
“Can you help me make it go away?” asked Sherlock.
“Right,” said John. But he didn’t move his hand.
Thanks for reading! Your comments did give me the occasional kick to get this story finally finished, even if it did take waaaaaaay longer than I thought it would. From here on out, I'm not posting any fics until they're finished, at least in a first draft form. (I really am truly sorry for those of you waiting for this for any length of time. I'm waiting on a couple of other fics right now in another fandom, and it is agonizing. Especially the one that only has three chapters, each posted six months apart.) I'm working on one novel-length fic right now, so we'll see if I ever finish it.
“Jesus Christ,” said John, feeling it happen, “Oh, Jesus Christ.”
“Anderson.”
John did and it helped, and slowly, slowly Sherlock eased all the way in.
Just some smut, no biggie. And the smut expanded while writing, so whoops, there will actually be four chapters.
The fingers of John’s left hand grasped Sherlock’s curls, and he swore the low contented rumble coming from Sherlock sounded like a purr. He could feel the steady pulse of Sherlock’s heartbeat from where his wrist lay along the long column of Sherlock’s neck.
“I would not have asked any of them to help me with my problem. I would have opted for the penis needle. And even if I had been so desperate, I’m confident their so-called assistance would have been repellent rather than helpful.”
“No,” said Sherlock immediately. “Not doing that.”
John, meanwhile, seemed to be acting as if their conversation had never happened.
“Good,” said Sherlock, slowly lifting his hips and lowering them back down, a leisurely rolling rhythm that went against all of John’s instincts. He wanted to flip Sherlock over and go at him hard, but this slow fucking forced him back into his skin. He felt every inch of his cock inside Sherlock, as the gentle pace of it teased his orgasm out of him. Soon he was nearly gasping with it. Sherlock brought his body down closer to John’s and grasped John’s hands, which were still above his head. “Come for me, John,” said Sherlock, a low incantation in John’s ear.
“John? What’s wrong?” he asked in an undeniably cute, sleepy voice that made John want to strangle him as much as cuddle him closer. He didn’t even wait for an answer before continuing on in that same sleepy voice. “I was dreaming about an octopus. It was trying to crawl under my door and ruin my experiment.”
“No one had ever given you a hand job before?”
“You do realize this is the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever said to me.”
John appeared at that moment, holding a wet flannel in his hand, looking sex-flushed and infuriatingly content. He obviously intended to wipe Sherlock down, as he always did, but Sherlock couldn’t bear another moment of it.
"Come on then," Sherlock growled. "For me, right now."
That made two, so far.
What mattered was the compact man pressed into Sherlock. Trusting, needing.
And then he was released.
The moment passed.
When Sherlock caught John puzzling over that, he said, “Of course not, John. Whatever would I need to visit Bristol for?”
There was a deceptively neutral expression on Mycroft’s face, one that John recognized from as far back as Dresden, and he stepped aside to let him in. “Tea?” he asked, heading into the kitchen. If he was going to have to listen to Mycroft make a fuss, he was going to have some, and it was only polite to offer some to a guest.
Sherlock’s hand stroked his stomach. “Lestrade.”
. "How did you know we were in Russia? Why didn't you tell me we were in Russia? How did you survive the ambush? Wh-"
“John needs me,” Sherlock said in an unapproachable tone, reinforcing Greg’s thoughts.
Greg weighed his options, only to have his thoughts interrupted by a commotion in the hallway, followed shortly after by the door bursting open and a wild-eyed Sherlock erupting into the room. Holmes was breathing heavily as though he had run the length of Hyde Park to make it back to the flat, carrying an overloaded plastic bag in one hand, looking like he’d taken a tumble in the grass along the way. His eyes latched on to Dr. Watson immediately and softened - something Greg was as astounded by as Watson’s ability to quiet Sherlock. Greg had never seen Sherlock look that intently at anything with less than a cutting look.
Audrey pockets her phone.
John looks at him startled. Sherlock rushes back to him and grabs John's hands, sniffing them all over. He dives into John's pocket after the bottles of lotion.
Sherlock and John exit a cab and walk up to the house.
SHERLOCK
Sherk!
doing it—"
They continue walking, at a calmer pace now. John, still very worried, keeps glancing at Sherlock.
(loudly)
IRENE
As will John. You'll both make many, many mistakes. It is how you'll handle your mistakes that counts, Sherlock.
For what?
Right, right. That makes everything a-okay now. Thank you for that.
Sherlock turns the vibrator on and John spreads his bent legs open even more.
No, he has not.
Sherlock winks at John.
They arrived at the club early enough to meet with the owner and for Sherlock to conduct brief interviews of each staff member before the place filled up. He deduced quickly that the staff were all innocent of the cash register theft, although one or two were noticeably nervous about
(astonished)
John groans with pleasure.
Kissing John Watson.
Well, okay.
(with a small smirk)
His patience for me has been put to the test a thousand times over, I assure you.
Sherlock nods and John disappears into the bathroom. Sherlock busies himself clearing off the bed and putting a condom on the small butt plug.
SHERLOCK
IRENE
I'm relieved you weren't breaking up with me.
Sherlock smiles slightly to himself, pleased that John hasn’t immediately dismissed the proposal out of hand. John sits down across from Sherlock and sips his tea.
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
(rumbling in John's ear)
Yes, go on.
John sits back on the edge of the bed and props himself up on his elbows to better enjoy the show. He watches Sherlock extricate his impossibly long legs from his tight trousers. Sherlock stands in front of John in his dark grey boxer briefs. John can't help but notice how the dark pants contrast nicely with Sherlock's pale skin.
"This is unbearable," Sherlock muttered to himself.
IRENE
"Make that two, and please bring a large bottled water and two glasses if you don’t mind.”
Nothing? No response to that at all? Really?
SHERLOCK
No, John. Come on. What makes you think he's not attracted to you?
Yes, you love waffles, don't you? Let's get the ingredients.
John and Audrey laugh heartily.
"Kissed me... why, exactly?" Sherlock slurred.
SHERLOCK
ROSIE
Mrs. Hudson sits in John's chair reading a book. The door opens and John and Sherlock walk in. Mrs. Hudson smiles at them.
"Not yet," John grumbled.
(pulling off gloves)
ROSIE
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
LESTRADE
Hmmm.
What's in it for you, Sherlock?
Buried in his mind palace, Sherlock doesn't notice Rosie and John have returned until John is giving him a kiss on the cheek. Sherlock is at first shocked, but softens and looks very pleased indeed.
SHERLOCK
Yes, I do.
John sticks his head in the bedroom door.
SHERLOCK
(shaking head)
Sherlock sits in his armchair scrolling through his phone. Rosie can be heard upstairs singing a rain-related nursery rhyme at the top of her lungs.
Sherlock lays a hand against John's neck. John looks into Sherlock's eyes.
Rosie immediately starts crying at John's tone.
John gasps again. Sherlock tightens his hold on John and strokes John's prick more fervently. He rolls his hips against John, swaying his erection against his posterior.
Number one: you kindly inquired and I should at least dignify it with a response. Number two: After utterly destroying the trust of every member of my family by keeping the existence of Eurus a secret for decades, it is time for me to extend an olive branch and make amends. And if I must accomplish that by divulging personal information about myself from time to time, so be it.
I mean... I was.
(very serious)
Neither did I.
"Was a smoker," Sherlock corrected him. John resumed studying the ashtray. He felt eyes on him, Sherlock carefully watching him, analyzing him.
Unfortunately, that might have to be the case for a while, as you sort your feelings out. It could be a long while, Sherlock.
Sherlock finally clues into John's emotional state. He looks up at John's angry face.
I hardly think the position matters. Face it, I'm defective.
SHERLOCK
John stands up quickly, annoyed.
ROSIE (O.S.)
A pig with all its parts still attached?
John nods. Sherlock resumes his stroking and probing once more, adding an internal prostate massage into the routine. John begins to shake, trying to stave off the orgasm.
John shudders as cum pumps into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock accepts it willingly. Slowly, Sherlock licks John's cock clean and lays his head on John's thigh. John whimpers as he recovers.
Has anyone ever told you that you have major trust issues?
SHERLOCK
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - SHERLOCK'S BEDROOM - SUNDAY NIGHT
(alarmed)
MRS HUDSON
John smiles in relief as he taps a message back. It reads:
Yes, please do. I don't want that rubbish in my house anymore, although Marta will be sorely disappointed.
Oh Mr. Holmes!
Brudder! Brudder!
SHERLOCK
Sherlock waits for John's breathing to settle and for John's eyes to close with contentment and exhaustion. Then, only then, does he lift his head from John's torso, and slowly remove his two fingers from John's bum. With expertise, he carefully removes and disposes of the glove. He grabs the container of wipes John has bought for them and cleans his hands.
Sherlock sniffs John's hand, to John's immense embarrassment.
Sherlock bounces Rosie on his hip to comfort her. John hastens a few steps away from them, trying to regain his cool.
Second chances are known to happen, Mycroft.
Sorry?
Why are you asking?
"I don't know what I'd wear. It's not like I have a wardrobe full of clubwear," John fretted. It seemed as though John was at least considering going now, and so Sherlock masked his excitement as best he could.
I was just researching how they worked...
Before John knows it, Sherlock is on his hands and knees straddling John. With a wicked little smile on his face, Sherlock begins kissing John passionately, gently exploring John's mouth with his tongue. John, at first in shock, takes a moment to respond. Soon he closes his eyes and hungrily returns Sherlock's kisses, touching tongues lightly, then more forcefully. They have never kissed so intensely, and they are both savoring every moment of it. John's hands fly to Sherlock's waist, skimming over his round bum. Sherlock slips a hand up John's shirt to explore his chest and torso, which evokes a hearty moan from John.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Sadly, not today.
Sherlock takes a seat at the table.
SHERLOCK
Which one do you fancy, Rosie? The green or the blue?
Rosie still cries.
What's going on today?
"Yep. That night, I told Mary I had had a couple of rough years, and meeting her was the best thing that could have happened. And then she said something like 'I agree. I'm the best thing that could have happened to you.' So actually, Mary said it, not me. "
(grinning)
Oy, Mrs. Hudson!
John stares her down. Sherlock holds up another sex toy curiously.
NAZIR
SHERLOCK
Right. Yes, well... excuse me.
(breathy)
Sherlock and John stop glaring at each other and turn to Nazir in interest.
Thanks!
Mica, I'm impressed! Already potty training! The toilets are down that path there, Angeline. Dorian! Do you want to try to use the potty? Mica's going.
Did you end up going to her?
(gently kidding)
(rolling eyes)
Nonetheless, you kissed me last night.
SHERLOCK
(annoyed)
(faintly)
Sherlock quickly bends down and clicks open his violin case.
John smiles softly at Sherlock. Sherlock recalls he's seen this look before.
(smiling mischievously)
John gets Sherlock situated under the duvet. He stands over him, observing his sleepy form for a moment. It is probably for the best that Sherlock can't see the very soft look on John's face. John heads to the bathroom to wash up. Sherlock yawns again, sighs, and settles into sleep.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
John's phone pings. He read it.
SHERLOCK
(standing up, pocketing his croissant)
Chips!
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
John stays silent. He studies Sherlock's face from the corner of his eye as they cross an intersection and continue down the sidewalk.
What's the question, Sherlock?
I don't want to.
SHERLOCK
Right!
That seemed like that was a good one if the volume level of your orgasm has anything to do with it, John.
(gasping with pleasure)
Sherlock's phone pings, meanwhile the police radio cackles with information. Nazir and Sherlock both grab their phones anxiously.
No, I don't think she has. And don't you have a big case to work on, anyway?
John's mouth sets into a grim line.
Nazir pulls the car over to the curb. Sherlock jumps out.
Gloves, side table drawer.
Too late, Sherlock is fully in the bathroom now, observation powers in full force. In the dim glow of the night-light, he spies the bottle of lube that John has carelessly left on the sink.
Like a charm.
That's kind of you. Goodnight, Sherlock.
No. No apothecary on the premises.
SHERLOCK
I beg to differ. It's enormous.
Sherlock, unless you want me to come in your mouth, I suggest you get off... Now! Really!
I've got my life all set up there --
Sherlock sighs dramatically.
John shoots Sherlock a dirty look as he storms out of the kitchen.
Upstairs.
Sherlock surrenders the hand still holding the dish towel. John takes hold of his wrist, expertly.
John steps right up to Sherlock and glares angrily into his face, while making a grab for Sherlock's wrist.
SHERLOCK
He moves to the center of the room, as if to protect Sherlock from Irene's nasty barbs. John may not be conscious of his own movements, but they certainly don't go unnoticed by both Sherlock and Irene. Irene goes in for the kill.
Nazir, Sherlock, and Molly all put on fresh gloves and masks. John paces a bit behind them, looking ill at ease.
No, not this time.
Yes... that's a true statement.
(smiling)
Okay, hang in there, Sherlock. I'm going to call the medics.
Sherlock grabs his mobile from his pocket and looks at the screen worriedly.
IRENE
It's not me.
The signs?
(rubbing his face)
What other things ruin friendships?
SH:  IT MUST ALLOW FOR MAXIMUM FLIRTING... IDEAS?
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Apologies John. I was just a bit overzealous. Truly, sorry. Really.
INT. BARTS LABORATORY - LATER SAME DAY
SHERLOCK
Drink your tea, dear.
John sets to work, his right hand on Sherlock's heart, his left around the base of Sherlock's erection, and his mouth gently bobbing up and down on Sherlock's tip. John, in amazement, feels Sherlock's heart rate quiet down while Sherlock's erection stays rock hard. He brings his right hand back to Sherlock's groin to assist his efforts in stroking and mouthing Sherlock's cock.
Sherlock texts back: NOT MUCH
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Definitely. I'll send you her info.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
They all start down the sidewalk together. John is flanked by Sherlock pushing Rosie on one side, Audrey pushing Dorian on the other. John smiles pleasantly at them, alternating between Audrey and Sherlock. Audrey and Sherlock, however, look slightly embarrassed.
John sits up while Sherlock exhales in exasperation.
(getting worried)
Sherlock stands frozen at the end of the bed holding the offending toy.
If it's something to do with the house, Sherlock, wouldn't Irene be affected?
Right. I get it. You're agitated. With me.
"Of course I am," scoffed Sherlock, "Why shouldn't I be?"
Thank you.
Sherlock, thanks for watching Rosie for me. I promise I won't be long. Are you sure you don't mind?
Please, John. Of course I did. That distinctive charity shop aroma. I obviously visited all the secondhand stores within an easy walk or transit-ride from your office. Tory, by the way, is very charming. Kept referring to me as "the bloke." Seemed very happy to meet me.
John walks in to find Sherlock deep in thought in his chair with his feet propped up on the laundry basket. John signs, not wanting to disturb Sherlock, but he needs to fold the laundry. He gently tugs the basket out from under Sherlock's feet.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock snatches the pajama bottoms out of John's hands and tosses them in the corner as well. He grasps John's wrists and pulls him closer.
Shouldn't I be saying that to you? You are the one doing all the work after all.
Sherlock idly flips through files sitting on the counter. The door opens and Molly walks in. He smiles at her with genuine affection.
Hm. Then what else?
(sarcastically)
Well you've never been very astute, John.
All right, John. I'll stop teasing you.
(snarkily)
SHERLOCK
He collapses on Sherlock, panting.
John scoops up the sex toys in a towel and hurries to the bathroom and closes the door. Sherlock can hear the water running.
Audrey + Sherlock = fighting like cats and dogs.
Sherlock bends down to examine the bodies closely. One body had a gun in his hand.
The oral sex tonight...
Uh, no.
The skies are clear. And statistically speaking, April is the driest month in London.
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - KITCHEN - FRIDAY
There he goes.
She's been expecting you. She'll join you in a jiff.
Yes, Sherlock. I told you. I spent a long time at the school this afternoon trying to sort it all out--
(exhaling with desire)
SHERLOCK
(yawning)
(dazed)
But there can be arguing, lots of back and forth and things to iron out at the beginning of any relationship.
AUDREY
MRS HUDSON
Then they hear Rosie start crying over the baby monitor. John slumps in defeat.
Sherlock sits down heavily at the table and sips coffee.
Sherlock stands over John and throws the blanket over John uncertainly.
AUDREY
CLERK
John continues to gather up stuff to leave.
(weakly)
Ella furrows her brow and looks through her notes. Sherlock squirms a bit.
Okay. How would you like me to... er, hands? Mouth?
(sighing)
AUDREY
Stand up, please?
(See the end of the chapter for
I'm... surprised. I mean, every time I see the two of you together, you seem like a snuggly couple. Very happy to be in each other's presence.
ROSIE
Of course.
(growling)
They are most definitely dating.
Sherlock knows he can't intrude on this sweet couple and their newly-found love. He turns around and moves away quickly.
Ahhh! That's it! That's the spot.
INT. ROUNDHOUSE / TRAIN YARD - OUTSKIRTS OF LONDON - 3 MONTHS PRIOR - AFTERNOON
John pulls out halfway and then pushes smoothly all the way into Sherlock.
No, I don't think you would.
(aghast, stage whisper)
SHERLOCK
You look bloody amazing like that, Sherlock... wanking off with streams of water running all down you.
MOLLY
FLASHBACK ENDS - RETURN TO PRESENT
Ready?
Final chapter will be posted in June, 2021. Fingers crossed!
Move your hands away, John.
AUDREY
Oh yes. That one.
SHERLOCK
He's not available. He's sleeping, just like you should be. Time to settle down and sleep Rosie.
LESTRADE
Sherlock concentrates on his work, his eyes ping-ponging between John's groin and his face, attempting to measure John's reaction and adjusting accordingly.
Sherlock?
Oh, could I? You'd like that, would you?
(smiling at Rosie)
I couldn't help noticing that you didn't mention your friend John in your list of people you approached for relationship advice.
It has been happening a lot more lately... us, spending so much time in bed together... the kisses, the cuddling. The proximity to you, night after night.
SHERLOCK
I'll bring home Rosie. It won't be a problem.
MRS HUDSON
Sherlock narrows his eyes at her but doesn't respond.
Sherlock leans awkwardly over John to reach the hanging drying towel. His chest grazes against John's back. John grimaces. He lets the pot he's washing clatter in the sink, and whips around to face Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
(exasperated)
DR HERSCHER
MOLLY
ROSIE
Sherlock stands close to John for warmth and intimacy.
They've been overly concerned about my recent SVT attack and have been pestering me to see them. And it has been a while since they've visited Eurus.
Mycroft smiles coyly.
"We had a good chuckle about it in the cab ride home," said John.
Sure. Meet us downstairs. It'll take us a while to get our raincoats on. And don't forget your umbrella.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Sherlock curves the fingers of his gloved hand and strokes John's prostate.
WARDEN
SHERLOCK
I love you, Sherlock.
So good with your tongue, Sherlock. Nice to see you using it for something other than mouthing off --
SHERLOCK
MOLLY
Sherlock!
He made his way to the booth only to be treated with the pathetic sight of a very gloomy John peering into his half-drunk beverage and playing idly with his straw. Sherlock stood in front of the table, poured himself another glass of water and drank it down. Without delay, he took out his phone and snapped a picture of the suspect who happened to be dancing nearby. Then he turned back to John.
SHERLOCK
(with a smile)
IRENE
Audrey, please.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Sherlock then inserts two fingers at once, all the way. John stifles a cry and closes his eyes with pleasure and pain.
The emotional component... the romantic aspects of it, you could say. Perhaps causing me a bit of anxiety and prompting me to run off.
What are you doing in there?
Sherlock, indeed, looked like he would pass out at any moment. John mobilized into action. He grasped his friend by his elbows and attempted to pull him to standing.
John sighs and turns to face Sherlock. Sherlock, hugging his own knees, tilts forward towards John.
SHERLOCK
NAZIR
(strained)
(mumbling as he leaves)
Sherlock looks away, overjoyed by John's statement. But soon his smile falls.
You bought "his and his" enema kits, for crying out loud!
Come here. Let's get you cleaned up.
(frowning at the sex toy cabinet)
(to Audrey)
John sits up and straddles Sherlock playfully.
Since I am so late posting this chapter and want to get it out to you ASAP, I'll plan to come back later and fix typos later.
John slowly glides a free hand over Sherlock's chest, stomach, groin, and erection.
Mrs. Hudson and Rosie are coloring at the coffee table. John sits on a chair watching them contently. Mrs. Hudson has indeed brought tea and biscuits, and from the state of Rosie's crumb-covered face, she's already had some.
Are you always this discreet with your clients, Irene? It's a wonder you haven't been sued into oblivion already!
There is a look of joy on everyone's faces, especially John with his radiant smile. Then Sherlock's face falls into a bittersweet expression as he realizes he finally must let his dear John go.
"Okay. Sounds good." Send.
What, Molly, what? What then?
SHERLOCK
NAZIR
(with a smirk)
I believe you could help relieve me of my neediness and wantonness.
Something posh I picked out for you.
Sherlock leans down to kiss John, but John has moved away, circling to Sherlock's back. Sherlock hangs his head in frustration.
I'd just like a little help with the clean up, is all.
John stands his ground, puts his hands on his still-naked hips, and stares down Sherlock.
Shut up, Sherlock!
MOLLY
MRS HUDSON
(miffed)
Need more coffee, though.
Hi Dada!
Fully clothed this time, I hope.
Then what the bloody hell is it!!
"Not enough of a souvenir to take with you when you moved out, though," Sherlock commented.
Too bad it isn't Monday.
AUDREY
Mrs. Hudson arrives on the scene.
Sherlock sits at the kitchen table looking grumpily at a cup of tea. Rosie runs over and climbs onto his lap. She helps herself to the biscuit Sherlock hasn't finished.
But I DID overreact and ended up scaring you. And I apologize.
Naturally I said yes. We are getting married Sunday. At Westminster Abbey. The Pope will officiate. We're hoping you'll be the flower girl.
(sighing)
Audrey is helping Dorian get their jacket on. Rosie and her TEACHER stand in the vestibule watching.
(sighing)
I did. But only because my best friend told me to... he seemed adamant about it, in fact. I always listen to your advice, John.
(smoothly)
Sherlock taps away on his phone.
How does that one feel?
(seriously to Sherlock)
If you weren't so good at making me come, Sherlock.
(to Mycroft)
FLASHBACK CONT. - AN HOUR AFTER
"Yes, exactly. Why not?"
You already have... or you wouldn't be here right now, wanting so badly to not make the same mistakes again.
(laughing)
AUDREY
Likewise.
Yes. Well. I couldn't help noticing that you didn't let me ejaculate in your mouth.
John's anger builds. He comes to stand right in front of Sherlock again.
Then I wish him luck attempting to decipher my short-hand chicken scratch written in five different languages.
(flustered)
Ha! Guilt.
He already knows the way.
I have no way of knowing... since you've always been extremely private about your, erm, love life...
Don't forget to stroke yourself.
I'm afraid she would be.
Brace one of your hands on the headboard, John. I want you to have one hand free to play with yourself.
(peaking at John's erection tenting his pajamas)
John stares out at the rain and has a long think. Sherlock waits patiently.
Sorry?
I can feel you squeezing against my finger, John. You like it, don't you?
Sherlock scampers back into the house while John and Irene watch him in awe.
(to John)
Please, let me reciprocate... nothing would make me happier.
John and Sherlock smile happily at each other. Mary, John, and Sherlock hug.
SHERLOCK
(cocked eyebrow at John)
SHERLOCK
"Well, it's not necessary for you to be such a tart about it."
Okay, Sherlock. I wanted it to be a surprise... but I might as well tell you now.
I'm home.
Sherlock pricks his ears at this and a pleased smile crosses his face. Rosie sounds like she's calming down and Sherlock walks over to turn off the baby monitor.
(under breath)
But John thinks I'm picking on him, now. So to be fair... Let's see, something embarrassing about me... Oh! One time I ended up in Buckingham Palace wrapped only in a bedsheet.
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - KITCHEN - SATURDAY MORNING
MRS HUDSON
"Thank you, Watson."
SHERLOCK
"No."
Where are you going?
They walk a moment in silence.
I've narrowed down the possibilities to twenty... fifteen of which require tickets that must be collected and paid for in advanced. Therefore, he must be collecting the tickets today.
Sherlock... I'm going to press a fingertip inside you. Are you ready?
You want to experiment on corpses?
Could they?
Don't forget the lube.
(crying out)
(straining to control himself)
SHERLOCK
Making a decision, he jumps off the chair, returns it to its spot, scoops up his laptop from the table and carries it along with the shopping bag out through the kitchen.
ADLER: DO TELL
Why don't you let it be a surprise? I'm not going to tell you even if you happen to guess it.
AUDREY
It's a massage parlor you say?
Good. Tory will be so pleased to hear.
(barking)
(pouting)
Sherlock feels very validated by this.
My brother was there and was none too pleased. Kept shoving a stack of clothes in my face yelling, "Sherlock Holmes! Put on your trousers!"
ROSIE
I don't even think you've gotten hard once. Is it because of your heart condition?
SHERLOCK
Sorry?
I don't understand why you have your knickers in a twist.
(musing)
Audrey and Dorian join Rosie.
No, forensics would have found nothing because the bloody medics opened the window and it all dissipated.
So there's a twenty-five percent chance that it's an outing that doesn't require tickets?
I took all I could. I could send one of the Homeless Network around later to collect the rest.
Fancy seeing you here!
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
(sarcastically)
Nothing tops letting one's criminally insane sister nearly kill us all. Good lord, that damned well she chained you into! Poor Rosie would have been orphaned.
Then what's wrong?
We don't know that for sure.
MYCROFT
John fidgeted in his chair. Sherlock regarded him with an assessing but patient expression even as he continued stacking blocks. Those ice-blue eyes gave the distinct impression that they would wait all day long for John to elaborate.
Oh, you do fine. And I'm hardly a help...
Sherlock, I don't understand. You were far nicer to Mary than any of my previous girlfriends. You seemed to accept her whole-heartedly.
Care to elaborate?
(elaborating)
Ella sent over some notes, it's not like I just guessed, Mr. Holmes. I'm not that good.
(shaking head, muttering)
SHERLOCK
(growing visibly more upset)
(perturbed)
Now why would I do a thing like that?
Mmm, these curls.
AUDREY
FLASHBACK - INT. 221B BAKER STREET - KITCHEN - DAY ("THE SIGN OF THE THREE")
SHERLOCK
And here's a flower... and a cat...
I am.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock and Rosie begin to look under the sofa. John, amused by their antics, returns to cooking in the kitchen.
Oh! This is a surprise. Well, it does help explain your current mood.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock smiled wickedly and said, "Much better."
What does it mean? No stained floorboards, that is?
John is closed-lipped.
ROSIE
This makes John chuckle, which pleases Sherlock to no end.
A little quieter, Rosie. You are bound to wake up Sherlock with your musical stylings.
Sorry, dear! I left it open in my haste. Thank you for closing it.
"Well…," Sherlock replied with a small smile, "I may have panicked a bit."
Sherlock tilts forward and braces his forearms against the shower door for support. John stands to his side to better access the front and back of Sherlock simultaneously. John generously lubes up his fingers, being careful to not let the shower water wash off the lubricant. With his left hand, he resumes masturbating Sherlock. With the fingertips of his right hand, he gently massages the sensitive area around Sherlock's anus.
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - WEDNESDAY MIDDAY
Sherlock grows still as John removes the cufflinks and opens the cuffs.
John's expression changes to surprise, sadness, and love.
Nope.
John and Sherlock are naked in bed, kissing.
So, in fact... you, you mean...
Right this way.
Audrey sighs.
John does so reluctantly. Sherlock leans over to kiss him, trying to kiss John's distress away. It almost works.
Are you going to stop wearing your lovely tight trousers now that you've successfully made me orgasm?
SHERLOCK
John, do you want me to help you?
Oh no!
John, Mrs. Hudson, and Rosie are decorating the Christmas tree. Holiday tunes play in the background. Sherlock sits in his chair, bouncing a leg idly as he watches the scene.
That's kind of you to say... but the "stroke of genius" was all due to John.
You have a lot of love for that small human.
...Finding new ways to make me come with all your naughty toys, Sherlock. And God, how you made me come. How you made me come and come and come.
I think we won't wash the rest of you until afterwards.
Now, what shall we discuss to get you back to sleep, hmm? Do you want to hear about all the bees in the subfamily Apinae?
(chuckling)
Talking... that's quite an important one for you, isn't it?
(hollering)
Pardon?
John giggles.
Really? I just assumed...
I have an inkling...
end of the flirtation, John Watson's feathers would get ruffled: case in point, there was the time Irene had dared to text him on his birthday, around the time of the Culverton case if he recalled properly, and John had flown into an absolute rage. But that was over a year ago, well before John decided he "hated the suburbs" and had moved himself and his daughter into 221B (where they both belonged, Sherlock opined). All that was ancient history. Which reminded him...
I'm only going to say this once and then I promise I'll never say it again.
They might not have crossed Sherlock's mind either. I hope you don't mind me saying, but he's a quirky guy. Perhaps this non-arousal doesn't seem odd or out of the ordinary for him... until something like a serious relationship brings it to light.
What will I be wearing Sherlock? Let's see... Something soft. Sherlock likes soft. A jumper or something.
Don't know. John says it's a surprise.
That's a big step for you... confiding in others, seeking out emotional support. I'm proud of you.
Sherlock pulls John behind a tree and gives him a hearty kiss.
Pardon me. Care to help?
(firmly)
Sherlock turns and faces John, attempting to strike a sexy pose.
Are you sure?
(quietly)
John continues to work on both himself and Sherlock with care.
But there are aspects of the relationship that make me, shall we say, anxious. It is about balance, or rather, imbalance.
SHERLOCK
MRS HUDSON
SHERLOCK
Molly, I was thinking about...
Sherlock pants and moans quietly as he approaches climax. John focuses on providing him the proper amount of stimulation from both the outside and the inside.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Sherlock mumbles a bit before falling asleep. John stares up at the ceiling.
I want to see them.
The case sounds lovely, Sherlock.
DR HERSCHER
Oh Sherlock, stop teasing!
(softly)
That is rather lovely, Ella.
Early this morning, Madame Imelda was conducting a cleansing ritual in the room, and must have become incapacitated, most likely by the same substance that killed her clients. Her daughter came down from the upstairs flat to fetch her for midmorning tea, and found her dead.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Fingerprints, smelling faintly chemically...
(eyes narrowed at Sherlock)
Sherlock's face grows serious, and he leans over to give John the kiss he's been wanting desperately to give him for the last several minutes. It is sweet and lingering, but oh so possessive. John cups Sherlock's face gently and does all he can to prolong this wonderful kiss, this wonderful moment.
John looks like he's considering it. Sherlock ponders ways to sweeten the pot.
"I'll have to go through it when Rosie and I come next month," said John, "Although, I believe some of those items really belong here at Baker Street."
ROSIE
Let's focus on the victims for now.
You know, John... if you ever want me to watch Rosie while you nip out with Sherlock on one of his cases...
And you've tried contacting them all, I imagine?
Sherlock double checks the position of the condom and adds a generous amount of lubricant to the dildo. John, still lying down, cranes his neck to watch.
SHERLOCK
No, Mrs. Hudson, it never had.
Ut-oh, what about Rosie?
Mycroft sits back in his chair and stares him down with disdain.
SHERLOCK
John nodded gravely: a doctor taking on a tough medical case, the soldier going into battle.
Cocaine has a distinct chemically smell. Depending on the refining process and country of origin, it can smell like kerosene, ammonia, bleach, gasoline, et cetera. I'm checking for them all.
SHERLOCK
(whispering his deduction)
John gazes up at the ceiling and exhales. He rises from his seat and grabs his own coat before exiting.
John looks a little surprised and climbs in bed.
SHERLOCK
(tilting head to study Molly)
SHERLOCK
Oh Sherlock! That must have been lovely! Oh John, you really outdid yourself. Sherlock, had you guessed at all?
SHERLOCK
To get my phone! Honest!
Your heart sounds all right.
(smiling slightly)
DR HERSCHER
SHERLOCK
Who knows!
(sincerely)
Sherlock pockets his phone and continues walking forward at a brisk pace, lost in thought with a furrowed brow. John hurries after him, fretfully.
"And, may I?" John husked.
(grinning)
(calling after them)
SHERLOCK
Now what? We begin with the smallest one correct?
SHERLOCK
John skims his hand gently over Sherlock's length.
They aren't doctors.
(grabs a wipe)
SHERLOCK
"A library book... and it’s about five years overdue! Where did you ever find it?"
(shrugging)
Apologies, Mycroft. Please continue.
FLASHBACK ENDS - RETURN TO PRESENT
There's no way you could have known that!
I have to accept this. This is the way Sherlock is. And...
(nervously)
(measured tone)
NAZIR
Oh, I'm extremely discreet with my clients, John. But Sherlock was never one of my clients, now, was he?
ALDER:  I'LL KEEP MY EAR TO THE GROUND FOR YOU
Mild Hurt/Comfort.
(turning to Rosie)
(with some trepidation)
(chuckling)
It would appear that I am very much in love with Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock moves over the slightest amount. John straddles Sherlock and puts his mouth close to his ear.
I think this is precisely the point: You are actually a very private person who has been forced into the limelight and thus had to create a public persona to compensate. I am here to protect the private Sherlock Holmes.
Oh no you don't! We've worked so hard.
(brightening)
SHERLOCK
Yes Sherlock, really. It was a lot of work trying to keep you two from destroying yourselves and anyone else -- and still there was a body count! Magnussen, Mary... And suddenly Eurus threw a spanner in the works, and I didn't know what would happen to any of us, anymore.
Sherlock... the toys are washed, in case you've changed your mind about trying any of them out today.
John gets out of the bed.
SHERLOCK
Are you okay?
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Of course. Praise.
I'm so exhausted and Rosie took forever to fall asleep.
DR HERSCHER
John throws back his head and exhales loudly.
SHERLOCK
(turning to Rosie)
What would you like to try?
Sherlock quirks a smile at this and then goes to retrieve warm, wet flannels from the bathroom. He hands one to John, who cleans himself up. John then lies flat on his back staring up at the ceiling with a satisfied grin on his face.
SHERLOCK
Okay, where do we begin?
SHERLOCK
Still...
Still no. Unfortunately.
No problem.
Sherlock swells with pride and pleasure in getting to witness John's midlife sexual awakening, knowing he himself is the cause of it. But Sherlock realizes it's best not to dwell on that fact for the time being, for the sake of his poor heart.
John! Hey John! John! ... John!
Sherlock braces against the shower wall and bends his knees so their two cocks are side by side. John encircles his fingers around both their lower shafts. John uses his other hand to massage the top half of their respective cocks simultaneously. Sherlock grabs the back of John's neck gently as he takes in this new sensation.
MY boyfriend. Sherlock.
John looks up and then glances away bashfully, only to gaze up at his friend once more with his own bittersweet expression.
"What do you want, John?" Sherlock asked.
SHERLOCK
John. I need your mouth on me. I want your mouth on my cock and your finger inside me.
SHERLOCK
MONTAGE "JOHN AND ROSIE MOVING IN" (FLASHBACK)
(rolling eyes)
And what would the real reason be, Molly?
MRS HUDSON
Here it is!
(ignoring him)
SHERLOCK
(gasping)
You know you're a bit much today, don't you?
SHERLOCK
Goodbye, Dr. Watson
IRENE
In the end, they can't imagine traveling through the universe apart.
Sherlock, come on.
"Look, I'll stop with the flirting, if that's what this is about."
Sherlock stops short and stares at her in alarm, deeply concerned.
All right? It's more than all right. It's bloody brilliant, Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
Okay then. And rhythm? Do you increase in frequency over time?
Sherlock looks at him surprised.
“Let's hope it's the former," Sherlock smirked with a wink. He didn't wait for John to respond before launching into the next part of the plan.
It could take ages for him to "catch up."
Quickly please, John!
(smiling)
Er... getting to be friends, that is.
ADLER:  SEE? KNEW YOU'D THINK OF SOMETHING
Sherlock sends: THOUGHTS?
(sighing)
"Don't stop flirting..."
He woke with a start in an airplane seat. The first thing his eyes focused on was John, standing over him with a look of concern. Mycroft and Mary were not far off, with similar anxious expressions on their faces.
IRENE
All right, but it must be a right, stout English castle like Lindisfarne or Bodiam... no "princess castles" like Neuschwanstein, this time. It's simply out of the question. Understood?
Oh. Pardon. After you. I'll let you by.
SHERLOCK
John is speechless but he's got a soft look of love in his own eyes, tearing up, looking away.
Lubricant, Sherlock!
INT. BACK HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
AUDREY
Audrey stares down Sherlock.
Excellent. But I'll still be bringing you up tea on Sundays... I'm not about to give up my weekly visits with Rosie just yet.
(rising suddenly from seat)
Mycroft furrows his brow in frustration and doesn't respond.
John, there's nothing wrong with it.
He receives another text from Nazir, reading: FYI HOLMES HAS CALLED ME JOHN 5 TIMES TODAY. A RECORD. THINK HE FANCIES YOU, MATE.
MYCROFT
MRS HUDSON
Watson leaned down and kissed Holmes -- quickly, gently, familiarly -- and then took his customary seat facing Holmes. He smoothed his mustache as he settled in, and picked up a book from the side table. Holmes watched him in quiet adoration. Both men resumed their reading with much contentment.
Vivienne appears at the door and raps on the door frame. John looks up at her expectantly.
(holding arms out to doll)
Which is why we are here discussing the fact that you are practically despondent that your chosen partner hasn't said 'I love you' back to you yet.
"Were you eavesdropping on my marriage proposal to Mary at the Landmark?"
SHERLOCK (V.O.)
SHERLOCK
I have a mind to turn you both out of the room right now. Now, do be quiet.
Up you go!
Oh, hello there.
He spies a body lying on the floor in the middle of the sitting room and hurries over. It's Sherlock sprawled out on the floor, with the Union Jack cushion under his head and the tartan throw from John's chair being used as a blanket. John bends down swiftly to check Sherlock's pulse and breathing, but Sherlock saves him the trouble by snoring loudly. John stands up again, relieved that Sherlock is only sleeping, but rubs his face and glances away in exasperation.
EXT. IRENE'S TOWNHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
Yes. Just in love with that man. Very much so.
Clearly, we don't need to go slow for your benefit... apparently, I'M the one that needs us to go slow.
John turns off the monitor and heads out of the room. Sherlock watches him lovingly as he leaves. Nazir eyes Sherlock. Sherlock continues to gaze dopily at the doorway that John has vacated.
What if we use the vibrator externally? A nice massage...
(under breath)
This morning you said 'yes' to everything... yes to all the important things... could we clarify that a bit? So we are on the same page?
"I'm fine," Sherlock wheezed, "I just don't think I can be on both the giving and receiving end at the moment."
Bill Wiggins has come a long way, John. Attending a program for mature students, now. I'm very proud of him. Doing very well in chemistry class he tells me.
Sherlock almost removes his hand in surprise, but keeps it in place.
SHERLOCK
ROSIE
It reads: HI JOHN. THIS IS AJ. YEP STICKY CASE OVER HERE IN ENFIELD. MARMALADE EVERYWHERE.
IRENE
SHERLOCK
Yes. Exactly. I have a question about her.
John?
When Rosie gets a little bigger, the sitting room can be reconfigured and a section made into a sleeping area. In fact, it appears it is being used for such purposes right now.
MOLLY
Sherlock frowns.
"So, we'll take turns on the dance floor..."
"You're welcome. Now go on. He's waiting for you," she said with a wink. Sherlock's heart started pounding in his chest, and continued as he headed back up the stairs. He entered the sitting room to find John hanging up their coats and dimming a few lights. He really did look good in his black shirt and indigo jeans.
Rosie sits in her booster seat banging with a spoon and picking up pieces of dry cereal with her other hand. John is cooking at the stove.
"What's wrong with that?"
(mumbling to self)
Sherlock looks at John in shock.
Hm, then they don't know you very well, do they. Deep down, you are as sweet and soft as they come.
INT. KITCHEN - LATER SAME NIGHT
AUDREY
Oh really!
John laughs. Sherlock chuckles, too, and then turns serious.
(winking)
SHERLOCK
(chuckling heartily)
And Mrs. H is coming up later this morning for a little visit, right Rosie?
Holmes, don't tell me these things. I don't want to hear about you breaking into people's accounts... I'll feel compelled to report you.
(also forcing a smile)
I didn't sleep in your room last night, could that be why?
SHERLOCK
Come dear, out with it. A bout of domestics with John over the last week or so... must be wearing on you.
I am sorry that you will need to keep this up for quite some time...
My hunch is it's the opposite. But I don't know how it's possible. How could the murdered person end up with a gun in his hand?
ROSIE (V.O.)
(a bit scolding)
Oh dear. Rosie, darling. Why don't you and I go downstairs for a couple of minutes? Let your father and Sherlock have a little chat, shall we?
Come here...
(cheekily)
Yes, I'm afraid it is.
Let's not pretend you don't have my entire CV memorized already, Mr. Holmes. I am happy to tell you whatever you like. I'm an open book. You don't need to try to weasel anything out of me.
John lies his head back down on Sherlock's chest, lost in thought.
But this is just a very small packet. Yours is much, much bigger, Eurus. Let's be reasonable about this.
For the record, John, arguments don't just conveniently arise in the comfort of one's own home. They are liable to happen whenever and wherever they please. Come on Rosie, you and I are going to the biscuit aisle. I think we both deserve it.
SHERLOCK
Mrs. Hudson picks up Rosie.
ROSIE
There's no answer, to John's annoyance.
(rolling eyes)
You like this, don't you?
Yeah, mate. And you better hurry.
(smugly)
Uh-huh. Interesting.
How so?
Must have been challenging considering the "No discussing Sherlock" pact you two have. When are you going to learn that getting my friends to spy on me just won't work, Mycroft?
She threatened to kill my friend if she didn't say it, although of course Molly didn't know that. It was all very convoluted and it brought a great deal of unnecessary pain to dear Molly.
of those are better than how I respond to you flirting with other people," John grumbled, gesturing to his current dejected self. Sherlock couldn't help but feel bad for the man.
No, that's just the beginning Sherlock. Lots more to talk about... and it probably won't get all done tonight, it is getting rather late.
And what happened?
MOLLY
This is a WIP (work in progress) and I plan to finish it. I'm hoping to have the next chapter up in late March 2021.
He sits down heavily on a chair across the table from her and sips his own cup of tea.
Can I have my kiss now, please?
Perhaps not everything. I did happen to utter an unfortunate "I love you dearly" in his presence, though. By accident. Sort of blurted it out, actually.
But when he spies mustached John sitting at the table, Sherlock’s confidence falters, his shoulders sag, his smile falls, and he grows nervous about the reunion.
John turns his head to the side, eyes closed with pleasure, and moans.
But... things don't really add up, you know... something's off.
Okay, it is mine.
(smiling)
SHERLOCK
No, Mrs. Hudson, not that severe. SVT... er, a bad case of heart palpitations.
May I present an analogy of my own?
Perhaps not for Mrs. Hudson.
He wants to know if it is a sporting event.
Good. Who am I missing? Ah! Molly!
JOHN (O.S.)
You ruined, RUINED my chances with Angeline yesterday. And this morning Mrs Hudson was so put off by you staring at me so creepily that she left without a word, not that you even noticed! Well, let's see how you like it, huh?
John pushes a half-filled shopping trolley down an aisle with Rosie in the child's seat. Sherlock trails behind a bit petulantly.
"A stakeout John!"
Oh God, Sherlock.
John gives Rosie a hug and straightens up.
(alarmed, quietly)
Okay.
SHERLOCK
So hot. So slick. So tight. Your long sexy legs wrapped around me.... I couldn't hold myself back... God! Brilliant.
"There was no shortage of self-confidence in that woman," John quipped. John grew quiet. He cleared his throat.
The steroids?
you, there's a difference," Sherlock corrected him, and found it curious when John's eyebrows shot up in surprise for a short moment.
Of course it is. One doctor incorrectly diagnoses a child with autism early on... calling it schizophrenia or psychopathy... and no other doctor ever bothers to question it. It happens all the time, sadly.
Oh, they love being part of the subterfuge... getting to pull one over on the great Sherlock Holmes... who wouldn't?
Hooray for Molly Hooper!
SHERLOCK
Okay then. That's what this kiss is for.
John reaches up to do the same for Sherlock's shirt.
ANGELINE
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
Understood.
the whole time.
Oh, I'm sure I'll find someone.
John, finger me.
(hesitating)
John closes his eyes with pleasure, as fantasies of Sherlock cross his mind. Sherlock: long, lean, all legs and neck... graceful.
No smut in this chapter, but some discussion of sex. And a fair bit of jealousy (if, like me, you are into that kind of thing).
(looking aggrieved)
John smiles at her compliment, but gets a sad look in his eyes.
John, your erection is a bit... intrusive.
Sherlock's wraps his fingers around the base of John's shaft and delicately licks the bell-end. John moans in response and Sherlock's full mouth is on John's prick in the next moment, giving him a slow but hearty suck. John grabs onto the sofa cushions to brace himself. Sherlock switches gears, methodically and persistently working John's erection over with his tongue. His fingertips massage John's bollocks through the fabric of his pants. John closes his eyes and lies his head back against the wall with pleasure. Sherlock rests a hand on John's thigh and John places his hand on top of Sherlock's. John's other hand softly caresses Sherlock's head and hair. Sherlock's head bobs up and down as he licks and sucks at John's penis, intently -- gently but without mercy. Sherlock's eyes cast up at John's face, gauging John's facial expressions and responses.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Yes, sir!
(with misgivings)
I'm thinking, John. You know... thinking. You should try it sometime.
Dada?
IRENE
SHERLOCK
(modestly)
SHERLOCK
John smiles. Sherlock is relieved.
John squeezes his eyes shut tightly, trying to diffuse his anger.
"Okay, that explains the need to watch the bar, so why the dance floor, too?” John wondered.
INT. SHERLOCK BEDROOM - A FEW MINUTES LATER
(gazing at his own hands)
The crowd is utterly confused.
Yes, I noticed John looked heavier. Taking up running to counteract a recent weight gain... he's obviously started up a new relationship. Good for him. It must be a particularly satisfying one since he's packing on the pounds so quickly. Who's the lucky girl?
Sherlock looks like he want to flee the flat. John races into the room holding the paper shopping bag that Sherlock had shown Molly earlier.
Exactly! The game is on, Nazir.
Hello. Er... so what's the plan? When would you like me to fetch Rosie?
Yep, he's with his mum and dad... Do you remember them?
(smiling)
(rolling eyes)
Not a problem. We do tailoring here. We'll get them perfect for you.
SHERLOCK
I constantly stick you with all the housework, and it is high time I start pulling my weight around here... that is, until Rosie is old enough that I can teach her how to unclog the toilet and take out the bins... which I plan to do in the next four months or so. But she's rather bright, so maybe just two.
MRS HUDSON
I suppose you're right.
As ready as I'll ever be. Slow and gentle, please.
(tactfully but unsure)
Or not.
Both men get quiet for a moment. John looks away and sits on the opposite end of the bed, his back to Sherlock.
Sherlock tries to take the rice cooker out of John's hands. John glares at Sherlock for acting like a pest.
What it feels like to move inside of you, Sherlock.
John, it's fine. Don't be such a fusspot.
John pulls up his pajama bottoms quickly.
(tongue-tied)
Sherlock returns the smile and tosses the tissues onto the floor. (So much for cleanliness.) He lies down next to John, propping himself up on his elbow to look at John's face.
Do you want this or not? Go!
I received a text from her, perhaps two years ago... Rosie was still an infant... you hadn't moved back in yet.
Look, it is a matter of little importance, I was only trying to spare you the aggravation of having to contend with a bothersome noise day in and day out.
(to Mycroft)
Slowly and carefully, that is. And I'm not sure I'll be able to take the whole thing... I don't have a lot of experience in this area.
INT. SITTING ROOM - A FEW MINUTES LATE
What?
Sherlock, you seem so bent on probing my arse. But you will do so properly... with exam gloves and lube, understand? Now, go fetch my medical bag from the sitting room. I have gloves in there.
Flatmate?
Of course.
John knits his eyebrows and stares into his tea.
SHERLOCK
FLASHBACK TO "THE INCIDENT"
Maggie!
NAZIR
SHERLOCK
Mrs. Hudson sits on a stool crying into a handkerchief. The tea service is all over the ground, liquid and ceramic everywhere. Sherlock rushes into the room and stops short to take stock of the scene before hurrying to Mrs. Hudson's side. He checks her arms and looks her over for injuries.
Mrs. Hudson takes Rosie's hand and walks her towards the kitchen.
(mumbling)
MOLLY
MOLLY
Oh Mrs. Hudson, that is really too kind of you.
Audrey is not impressed. Sherlock glances at Lestrade who shrugs.
John looks at Sherlock, trying to gauge his mood. Sherlock stares back at him placidly.
Sherlock reaches into his coat and pulls out a small case. He hands it to John who begins opening it without a word. Irene watches everything with fascination. Sherlock dons exam gloves. Using tweezers, John hands Sherlock small pieces of clear film and Sherlock presses them gently onto the fingerprints.
God yes.
John pauses to collect his thoughts. Sherlock holds completely still.
SHERLOCK
Mostly towards you. Stupid, horrible of me.
ROSIE
Come along, John. It will be fun! We can't delay. Look, I'll go tell Mrs. Hudson and I'll wait for you outside. Hm?
John lets out a big breath. Sherlock watches him carefully.
SHERLOCK
(glancing to Sherlock's crotch)
You know I have an odd way of showing that I care.
- Sherlock and John argue as they try to put together a crib in the upstairs bedroom. John points out something in the instruction manual but Sherlock refuses to look at it. John calls him a name and then starts laughing. Sherlock chuckles too.
Sherlock tilted his head curiously, unexpectedly.
My Little Pony?
John! Irene! Enough, you two! I can't work with this constant bickering.
Goldfish?
Ah. Yes. I can see why that might be a hurdle in a relationship.
and Sherlock wanted to find out what it was. Now that he had ruled out all the employees as suspects of the till-robbing, Sherlock suspected it must be a client. Most likely, it was one of the "regulars" who came in every Saturday, thus making the stakeout ruse a little more necessary than he bargained for. He really
SHERLOCK
NAZIR
(icily calm)
John.
"Why not sleep in mine, tonight? I'm not suggesting any more... physical activity... but I'd love to have your company."
And most importantly, I want to know what you'll be wearing.
John heads over to plug it in and set it up on top of the dresser. He plugs in his phone too.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Second stain?
(earnestly)
Eurus, I see you have your drawings up on the wall there. Are you enjoying your art lessons?
Dada? Dada! DADA!
Sherlock receives a text from Irene Adler. It reads: HAVEN'T HEARD FROM YOU IN A WHILE. WHATS NEW, BDH?
Hooray, Mrs. Hudson!
SHERLOCK
And for the record, it doesn't seem like Sherlock is manipulating you in the bedroom. From an outside perspective, it appears that one partner is trying very hard to satisfy the other partner any way he can. It seems to me Sherlock is genuinely trying hard.
Sherlock turns slightly and looks at John imploringly.
On the contrary, Ms. Adler. You of all people know that the submissive holds all the power.
Perfect.
Sherlock bends over to position the pillow under John's head. John, still half-asleep, raises his head and grabs Sherlock's collar. He plants a kiss on the side of Sherlock's mouth.
SHERLOCK
I'm not the one that needs to be naked though.
CLERK
Sh, sh, sh. Lie back, Sherlock. You're okay. You're okay. You did very well. Very well indeed.
Good work... you can do it... good boy.
JOHN (O.S. OFF SCREEN)
SHERLOCK
John breaks off the kiss, steps back, and grins hugely, like the cat who caught the canary. Sherlock, wild-eyed, paces the kitchen in agitation.
They work contently side by side at the counter. There’s no place they’d rather be than right by each other’s side.
Sherlock begins mouthing and sucking John's cock in earnest. His stroking takes on more force, setting a faster pace.
