I find my own to be rather productive. Within a few days of being (forcibly) moved into 221B, I've unpacked all my things, cleaned and organised my room, binned all the body parts in the crisper, scoured the entire kitchen with bleach and I can almost see myself in the shine I've put on the bathroom tiles.
There is one more thing she needs to know.
He is not afraid of
to stop this date.
by virtue of Sherlock’s own special strength of character or some admirable force of will that he had somehow managed to endure being torn open. Existing past that moment when everything, including all his carefully laid defenses, were shattered around him could be no more considered an accomplishment than staying alive for 32 years could be defined as somehow making him victorious over death. There was no doubt who would win in the end, who had
- for oneself, I find. Don’t
you decide to disregard them.”
“Yes.” Mycroft’s smile is the barest imitation of tolerant restraint. “Those
into its bosom and the dirt covering him. He knows the precise amount of time it will take the insects to turn him to dust.
Death is apparently contagious and the body above (the body that was once warm and tender John) has apparently infected him with it. It is creeping slowly through him, shutting down his system. He can’t see straight and his vision becomes consumed by black spot. It moves down, like a pitch black, oozing liquid, to his lungs and they sputter towards failure. He can't catch his breath as the blackness coats them, like thick tar. The darkness concentrates at the center of his chest and he understands now. He is a dying star and his death can only be a black hole, a singularity, pulling everything into its dark center where nothing can escape and everything will cease to exist. His entire body hurts with the intense pain of slowly being sucked into a tight ball of all-consuming nothingness.
Her soft laughter only makes him tense further. His eyes cut over to her and he finds that she's slipped out of her shoes and has curled her legs up on the seat beside her. She smooths the delicate hem of her dress over her bare thigh, leans back, and looks up at him thoughtfully, with a finger tapping at her lips.
“Sherlock says a lot of things. Always best to look -
“So, anything on this evening?” John inquires casually interrupting Sherlock’s internal debate. Sherlock spares a look from his computer screen to take in his flatmate’s attentive posture, the slight strain in the corner of his eyes as his gaze sweeps across the paper in his lap, not really reading anything, and the tension radiating from him into the room making the air feel full of static.
Of course, John Watson will defy the laws of probability.
- this is
John thinks, as he reaches for his stethoscope.
A darkness slips over Sherlock’s expression as he goes perfectly still. He hadn't really contemplated a move beyond this move. He had assumed once he solicited from John some direction in how to please him physically he would be able to use observation, his deduction skills and the application of a bit of abstract knowledge from his research to make a satisfactory effort at their first act of physical intimacy. However,
“You're shaking and having trouble breathing.”
Lost it. Lost
dear?” She’s smiling at me but there is a razor sharp keenness in it that I’ve not seen in her before. It's a bit of a terrifying revelation. I’d suspected there was more to her than
He takes the same back door entry into the Battersea warehouse that he had used that afternoon he saw a woman that was not Anthea usher John unwittingly into a long black car that was not Mycroft’s. He’d arrived before John, since not-Anthea took John the long way round to the meeting place where Irene then emerged.
“You can't - where am
“John is gentle,” Sherlock mumbles. “Won't hurt-”
“Oh.” John blinks and looks down at the floor. There is an odd little smile playing on his lips. Sherlock doesn’t find it amusing in the least. It irritates him that John does. “I hadn’t thought of it that way,” John says to the floor.
He huffs, as if terribly put out about my lack of cooperation.
"Um… Sherlock?... What have you got yourself into?"
- fragile like a bomb; wound up tight, emotionally battered, and on the cusp of cracking wide open - with explosive results. "I'm fine."
“Data, John,” Sherlock says straightening and, nimbly moving from the floor to settle into the chair in front of the desk, where he fastens his eyes to the laptop. “It could prove crucial at some future point.”
“Don't be ridiculous, John, you can't even
It is whispering, but even this feels like it is shaking Watson apart. Watson strains to discern the words but it feels like drawing close to the epicenter of some sort of shock wave; growing more intense and fracturing his consciousness with the more he tries to approach the source.
I do these things for friends. I do it for
“Hardly any pupil constriction,” John mutters, “You’re pretty bloody high.” He presses two fingers in the crook of that long, pale neck where the hard jaw meets the throat, seeking a pulse. Sherlock's heartbeat seems steady, though elevated.
“The blonde. Stay as far away as possible from
- perhaps, intimately. But since he has exactly zero experience in the area of picking up men, his muddled brain just keeps ticking over the finest qualities of Sherlock;
'No." I let out a long breath and grind the heels of my palms into my eyes. “Said he wasn’t interested, I think."
Every nerve is singing. Desire is a raging flood overflowing the banks and forcing everything around it to yield beneath its quest for release. He is pressing into John feverently with all the pent-up passion it has been difficult to conceal since they met at Bart’s - since centuries before that. The rightness of at last having John in his arms is humming in his bones.
and instead feels quite relieved at how even his voice is as he says, “Yeah, It’s -
that attraction. Observing that someone had attractive features did not mean he would ever consider being with them. So when he noted his new flatmate had a certain appeal, he told himself it was only idle acknowledgement of inherent attractiveness. It was nothing sexual, it was just like recognizing fine art.
“You. Aren't.
"It?"
“John didn’t do this,” Sherlock snaps, jerking away. She studies him a moment.
that can turn on his own brand of charm.
"Oh, no - not a patient. Actually, I'm here -" I twist to point to the sign in the window. "You're hiring?" It's not until this moment, with that painfully awkward introduction to a potential future co-worker, that I realise I haven't applied for a job outside the army in over a decade and apparently I'm shit at it. I clasp my hands behind my back in a familiar kind of parade rest and hope a smile will help gloss over my rough edges.
"Listen," I snap, cutting her off before she, like Sherlock, can fabricate all the evidence she needs about all my feelings as if I have somehow been broadcasting them. "I really didn't come to talk about
John had been appalled and infuriated.
Mary, who has been a living nightmare because of her refusal to let go of their relationship.
“Sherlock,” John groans putting his face in his hands. "Bit not good."
Sherlock looks up from his position, sitting cross legged on the floor, where he'd been closely examining what remained of a ceramic santa. He lets his eyes flit over John quickly, keeping his deductions surface level;
“Sherlock.” John’s right hand pushes firmly down at the base of Sherlock’s spine as both a clear directive, reasserting that Sherlock should stay still, and a reassurance that John knows what he is doing. John's left thumb is stroking back and forth along the inner seam of his leg and arse and Sherlock can feel everything inside winding tighter at that gentle caress. Sherlock loses the ability to breathe.
What does he expect to gain?
“Christ, no. Just - shit- just hold on, McDonnell. Come on... McDonnell?…” Watson's voice drifts off and his hands keep moving, his eyes burning and the cardiac arrest alarm blaring its damning defeat. “Someone kill that bloody alarm!”
again, John moved to hover over him but still hesitated. Sherlock was more likely to deny himself even basic needs than to outright ask for help, but John couldn't help but note that his flatmate didn't seem as if he was particularly agitated or emotionally overwhelmed and in need of something to block his sensory input urgently enough to recruit John to the cause.
“Alright?” Sherlock doesn’t respond. Hauntingly bright and piercing eyes stare into John’s and John finds himself tempted to just stare right back. He's quite sure he could look all day and not get his fill of Sherlock's unique mix of beautiful features, but he's trying to be smarter about this encounter to counteract all the stupidity of their first one. Ogling Sherlock when he's supposed to be doing basic triage is definitely not going to help his cause. He clears his throat again.
An ache creeps through Sherlock’s entire body at seeing John reliving the trauma that brought him, broken and hollowed out, crashing into Sherlock's world those years ago. He feels the air forcefully ejected from his lungs as if someone has taken a baseball bat to his stomach and he dashes out of the room, needing to flee his friend’s openly pained expression.
There is nothing stealthy about the small unit, carrying four wounded soldiers on gurneys between them. As they snake their way forward through the flaming wreckage on the outskirts of the small town, they are attracting quite a lot of unwanted attention. They break into a clearing and the gunfire intensifies, striking too close for Captain Watson's comfort.
“Take my air, Sherlock. Just breathe. It’s fine. You can do it, Sherlock. See, we are breathing,” John is murmuring. The soft lips close over his again and warm, wet air pushes into his lungs, gentler this time. He can feel it spread, infusing his blood with not just oxygen but bits of John; strength and devotion that makes the fiery, life-stealing creature dissipate like so much smoke. He is coughing it out, trying to rid himself of the poison.
but he's a lost little lamb when he finds himself genuinely falling for someone."
"Case?"
Sherlock’s mind is spinning as his fingers instinctively tighten around that length and begin tracing it.
Twenty minutes is an eternity for one angry, flustered and hatefully horny detective.
I turn the sound stuck in the back of my throat that wants to be a moan into a growl and sweep my tongue over my bottom lip that suddenly feels too warm and dry.
“John-” There is a small jerk of his head in denial and a twinge in the muscle by his nose, like a suppressed grimace. “It’s nothing. Forget it.”  He shoves me away, turns, and pulls open the door to the taxi. “Forget I said anything… it’s nothing to do with me.”
I take the laptop across the room with me and rest it on the floor as I sink into my armchair.
“Don’t call me that,” the deep voice snaps. John seeks out the source and finds the tall, young man sitting regally on the edge of his bed, looking as if he is wearing royal robes rather than a bed sheet. John grins.
“And for the love of Queen and Country, finish what you started, Captain Watson.”
Sherlock makes a contemplative sound in his throat. He is vaguely aware that John is looking at him, puzzled, but he continues to look straight ahead as his mind works through those words that seem to echo John's fragmented speech in his bedroom on the night Sherlock was drugged by Irene.
Sherlock gave a slight shudder, obviously missing the combined heat generated by their bodies and having his friend to act as a barrier against the cold night air. He suddenly seemed small, lonely and fragile. A familiar protectiveness surged in John’s chest; a need to keep this remarkable man safe from the world.
Sherlock can't put a name to the way this makes him feel; a queasy sort of swooping sensation like being kicked down a long, black hole and waiting to hit bottom.
The greatest danger passes.
capture him.
When the path lead them to Victor it had a clear effect on Sherlock. Sherlock became smaller in Victor’s presence; young, uncertain and flustered. He seemed anxious and afraid but he also looked at Victor in the soft, open way one looks at their first love. It was an expression that held none of the anger and betrayal that drove them apart, but only longing for that time when affection seemed clear, pure and sure. It had made bile rise in John's throat, but John had spent far too much time lost within his own desire to sink into the sweet illusion of Mary’s love after the truth of her betrayal was revealed to fault Sherlock for the same.
(See the end of the chapter for
Is this cruel punishment?
“Mmm…12 things about myself that you
I rub at my temple again as the conflicting truths war in my head once more.
Maybe I sound desperate or perhaps, when a diagnosed PTSD patient calls after skipping two appointments, you assume that it's
Her eyes move over me, serious and measuring, before a small smile curls onto her lips. Then she nods.
"I-" Sherlock's face is turned down to the floor and, as John ducks to try to see it, he turns it further away, wincing.
"I know
"Someone
A smile tips Sherlock’s lips and he feigns a shrug. “You seem like a decent fellow, I’d hate to have to
Sherlock can never quite predict the man.
“Mr. Wilkes will see you now.” She rises to her feet and makes a gesture of invitation. “If you’ll follow me.” She starts off in the direction of Mr. Wilkes’ office and then I am completely distracted from the confrontation with Sherlock because she is wearing crimson stiletto heels and clearly putting a sway in her hips, naturally drawing eyes to her shapely legs and very flattering, tight, pencil skirt.
The ex-soldier does not bother to squirm. He puffs out his chest a little and makes a show of tensing the muscles in his arms that are holding Sherlock's shoulders. “You've lost the element of surprise now. You'll want to remember that the last time we had a row in an alley, I had you flat out and all but begging for mercy.”
“Christ, no. We all did what we needed to do. And I believe what I said there... You’re a
and that concerns himself with nothing but solving mysteries. The cold and manipulative MI6 agent that tried to seduce me, then cast me aside the minute he had my aligenance secured. In many ways, it is easier to accept and believe in
Sherlock's eyes snap open and he frantically sweeps them across the dim bedroom; scrutinising every shadow. Finding no immediate danger, he flops back and presses his eyes closed, trying to center himself.
There's always Paris...
On a single sheet of paper in the back of the file is the most important information. The first half of the page details the circumstances under which she disappeared. She was out on a shopping trip with her trusted bodyguard, a man who had been charged with protecting her since her birth, when men in full battle dress attacked. There had been a fight, which many had witnessed. The men had ultimately overwhelmed the guard and spirited Kali away into a waiting van. The van was found, empty and abandoned, two hours later. There has been no ransom note or call.
“What can I do?” he asks and it's so soft Sherlock has the inexplicable urge to cry and scream at the same time. He fights it all down.
“Yes, well Harry is not exactly forthcoming,” Sherlock grumbles in frustration.
that ease the way of your work, but be mindful not to let sympathy become sentiment. Does it not make more sense that one happens to look in the direction where you coincidentally are standing?” Mycroft makes a dismissive gesture of his hand.
that happened…
“Oi! Sherlock!” John gasps and tries to sit up. “My shirt… Christ... just-
John's intention, he is not
He gives Sherlock's arms a reassuring squeeze before pushing forward and slipping out of his grasp.
"Idiot," he grumbles to himself as he balls up his fists and shoves them in his pockets. He drags his gaze up and sweeps it around the unfamiliar buildings, trying not to look as lost as he feels. He hasn’t been to this part of London before. He doesn’t even know which direction to start off in, and he doesn't have enough money for a cab or the tube. A light rain begins to fall and he miserably hunches his shoulders. Of course, he doesn’t have an umbrella either. His mood is only growing more bleak and dejected as he wanders aimlessly down the street hoping to stumble upon something familiar.
He half expects either John or Moriarty to step out of the shadows when he enters. He has no gun nor USB drive this time, not that either had done him much good. He looks up and around for the snipers, feeling exposed. He still can’t halt the split second of panic when a thin figure with curly hair steps out of the same alcove John had been in.
This chapter was by Breath4Soul.
"This is what you want, John." His voice is strangely monotone, resonating on some subatomic level that makes me feel a bit drunk and I try to blink it off - to focus.
John quickly withdraws his hand, holding up his open palms, “Sorry. It's alright. You're fine. Sorry. I know how you are about touch. I didn't mean to-”
Sebastian laughs humorlessly and Sherlock's smile back at him is nothing like a smile. He keeps his eyes fixed on Sebastian and the stiffness of the way he is holding himself and the forced blandness of his expression makes me feel like he is being very deliberate in giving Sebastian nothing to sink his teeth into. He is purposely avoiding that fight I am so eager to plunge into. As much as it is the logical thing to do, it also is irritating as hell. The more time I spend with Sebastian the more I want to see the look on his face when I smash my fist into it. But, Sherlock obviously wants to keep things civil, so I reign myself in and force an expression that doesn't reveal my seething anger as I turn back to Wilkes.
“That would be a colossal waste of time and valuable brain space. Besides, I had observed enough to infer that the game, as designed, amounted to random guessing and then having others prove you wrong. It is as if Anderson took his imbecilic efforts to discern crime scenes and forced it upon the unsuspecting populace in the guise of being a crime solving game. My way was much more interesting.”
It feels good to watch the mess disappear into some order.
He wants to scream and rip his own hair out
“Sorry, what?”
From the write-up, the job seems straightforward; steady hours, typical expected duties, a respectable pay range. It's temporary to fill a maternity leave, but it has a possibility of becoming permanent.
John sighs. “Well, Mycroft sent a car for us.”
Her bridegroom, a middle-aged man whose previous young wife died giving birth to their third child, is furious and blames the Singh family for not allowing him to take the girl a year earlier, at the time when they had first come to the marriage agreement. He has threatened to destroy the Singh family both financially and politically if the girl isn't retrieved and relinquished to him immediately. The whole incident promises to throw the region into political upheaval.
“I am…” Sherlock lifts his eyes to John briefly, then slides them away, feeling the sting of the open hurt and disappointment in their depths. “It was not my intention to keep this from you forever but… it is…
He isn't given much time to process this. John steers him to the tub and encourages him in. The moment his foot breaks the foamy surface, Sherlock sighs. It's the perfect temperature. He moves quicker to immerse himself, eager to be warm again.
Stinging of pavement beneath hands and knees as the length of John’s body lands against back. His arm slipping into a choke hold around neck.
that Sherlock narrows his eyes on her with an expression that clearly communicates his concern that she might have gone insane. He pulls his arm away from her touch.
John chuckles and meets his gaze. “Yeah, I’m aware. Happen to think it’s one of your
“How about we keep all things that once were capable of
The barbaric cruelty of the man would be detestable if it weren't equally appealing. Like an especially clever criminal, Sherlock feels an indecent thrill curl up his spine at the challenge of setting himself against a formidable opponent.
For now, I need to put one foot in front of the other and soldier on.
“You aren’t particularly good at self-preservation and self-care,” John states matter-of-factly as Sherlock pants into the mattress. He tries to pull his scattered brain back together as John’s hands continue to knead soothingly.
is, it needs to be out of there by Friday,” he commands. “We are having guests next week and I am not going to be responsible for giving our friends the
“With
He has let emotion cloud his judgement in this matter. This is all just medical procedure to John and Sherlock is just another patient. Though John finds Sherlock
"Here you are." I force a smile and hold out the clipboard, my gaze moving between them as I try to suss out what’s going on. Rather than the receptionist taking my application, the other woman takes it. She immediately begins skimming it with a no-nonsense, focused intensity that I can appreciate.
“I’m sorry… that’s one more deduction than I was expecting,” Sherlock says, woodenly.
“No. Would you like a cuppa? I can get you some. It’s shit, but it’s wet and warm.”
John is strong, combat trained and fiercely determined but Sherlock is limber, clever and experienced in street fighting.
However, in this moment, John is looking down at him with utter adoration, as if he is perfect, and it is enough to make some last self-defense barrier break inside Sherlock. This easy intimacy, this comfortable vulnerability, it is something that Sherlock didn't know was possible. Couldn't dream or dare to hope for. No one has ever looked at Sherlock like
Sherlock is breathless with laughter, can’t seem to stop, doesn’t want to stop but she has slipped her hand over his again; holding it, patiently searching his face.
now, then." There's a lilt at the end of the sentence. Her eyes that have a pointed question in them that gives me the feeling that she is talking less of the
“Right.”
Another sigh of relief escapes his lips. He swallows hard around the knot of guilt and humiliation that is forming in his upper chest over having to be concerned about these things for himself.
He growls, lets the image go and grabs for the lube in his bedside drawer. When he closes his eyes again John's hands are running down his body.
“Don’t be absurd,” Sherlock grumbles.
"Of course," he says flatly, but they continue to stare at each other. Some sort of silent conversation is happening, and I can't take it.
“Old habits and all." She sighs and meanders over to the door, still talking. "He's just returned, you know. Place was so empty before and, of course, I couldn't just leave it to the dust." She turns back to look at me, fussing at the button of her dress with her free hand.
When things are lost-”
“A man that, by his pupil dilation, elevated pulse and conspicuous erection, is currently aroused-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You. Are.
Never did 17 stairs seem so impossibly far to traverse. John leans Sherlock up against the wall at the foot of the stairs to gather his strength and form a plan of attack.
"I did it." Sherlock lifts his hands to the table, fingers spread against the smooth surface to try to drain that jittering current of disquiet through them. The warmth of Hopkins palms as she lays her own over them and gently squeezes surprises him so much he finally lifts his head and meets her eyes. Her voice is sincere; too soft and too quiet for the harshness Sherlock has grown accustomed to.
bed, Sherlock.” John’s voice is fluctuating wildly between a menacing growl and a roaring shout. “You climbed into
"Not your usual nightmares?" It's more a statement than a question. We both know I've grown somewhat accustomed to the torture of my PTSD invoked nightmares. I wouldn't have returned if it was
” Sherlock’s voice rasps on that word, but he quickly recovers. “saturating them. Something to do with
“I could have hurt you, Sherlock... Last night... It’s a miracle I didn’t.” John’s voice is somber and intense. Sherlock knows that tone. It’s the tone John uses when he has run off into danger and nearly gotten himself killed. It is full of that confusing protectiveness that Sherlock tries hard to resist the urge to believe is anything more than a soldier’s commitment to his comrade. Now it has an extra note of desolation because John was the one who nearly hurt Sherlock. Sherlock hates that. He swallows, stiffen his spine and tries to affect haughtiness when he is face down on the mattress with John holding him open and gazing at his most intimate parts.
John sees the recognition finally reaching his friend's eyes. He puts his palms out in a placating gesture, and gives a small, warm smile of reassurance as he shakes his head back and forth.
I roll.
That was right before Sherlock came crashing into my life and upended it.
It’s not a new sensation. At times he gets a sense of a cold presence lurking; hanging over his shoulder.
, like Sherlock; held motionless... but he will be dead soon. He will be consumed too. In the nothingness John and Sherlock and all the bits and pieces of this life together will become concentrated, their atoms intermingling beyond distinction.
“Eat, Sherlock,” John calls from the top of the landing before his bedroom door clicks shut.
“Tse,” he acknowledges, not turning to look at her. “What is it?”
Sherlock stares at the side of John's face, dumbstruck. People don’t say such things to him. They don’t find his brain and its lack of filters
"Right," John says with a soft laugh. His voice, though exasperated, suggests fondness. "Not
think I'm a complete idiot.
Sherlock lands near the head of the bed and a stray limb hits the lamp and tips it from the bedside table to dangle from its cord, casting wild shadows on the ceiling. After a few seconds of recovery, Sherlock flips around and scrambles for the drawer again.
The car is rolling to a stop and John looks out the window. He's relieved to find his dorm building is there beside them, casting warm light into the dark and dreary night. He can escape now - however, he turns his eyes back on Irene.
Things got… well, that night things got a bit
He feels the panting of hot breath against his neck, as it had been in the coffin. The breathing is uncertain, but clearly desirous. Sherlock can't go as deeply with his fingers in this position, but he can still make himself believe that those fingers are John’s. John's fingers wouldn’t be as long his own anyways.
me?” He drawls slowly, almost challengingly, as he tries to follow Sherlock’s reasoning. He slides forward, his knees bracketing that lean frame, but not touching, his hands gripping the tops of his thighs. He looks down into the younger man’s eyes watching them shift from a pale silver blue to a deep cerulean blue-green as the dark wells of his pupils overtake them.
This is
Yet, Watson doesn't feel threatened. He feels strangely comforted by its presence.
“Really?” He leans forward, eyes sparkling with surprise and eagerness. “You'd be willing - it'd be alright if I -”
what you choose to share? Your selection of information for disclosure is as
to ignore John's hands on his shoulders steadying him whilst he unfurls his limbs and prepares to get to his feet.
John believed that Sherlock only loved him as a matter of
“Wait. Where are you-” The door closes. I step back and look up at the lighted display ticking off the floors as he ascends. It goes all the way back up to the top floor where Sir William’s office is located.
“Large casevac. Next helicopter inbound in 7 minutes. We’re scupper. It's all hands.” Her voice is crisp and professional but lowers slightly as she gets to the end of her response. Her shift in tone quietly and respectfully communicates that she knows he is exhausted and struggling with having lost a patient but they need him to fight on.
“The point is…” Gary says lifting his eyebrows at Billy in invitation for him to continue. Billy smiles back, still holding onto Gary's arm with both hands.
“I can-” Sherlock breaks a hand away from the position John has kept him in to reach towards the drawer again.
"That's him," the receptionist says as I approach, tilting her head towards me. The woman beside her lifts her gaze to me. She's got long light brown hair pulled back into a tight ponytail, cornflower blue eyes, and the type of smock that marks her as medical staff.
He closes his eyes and then closes his lips tightly around John's fingers. He tentatively tastes at them, running his tongue over the swirls on the pads, learning his unique fingerprints as ridges against his taste buds. He snaps his eyes open in surprise when John moans low and loud. It's like nothing he has ever heard before. He realises that John is trembling above him, staring down with such an intensely conflicted look on his face that Sherlock freezes, everything inside him running cold.
John found himself fighting a sharp pang of desire to lie back down on top of his friend and the enticing danger in knowing that, if he did, he wasn't sure what he might do next.
He looks intense, almost angry.
This is
He rolls over onto his back and looks down at John kneeling at the end of his bed. His hands are resting on the top of his thighs and the bulge in his dark blue boxers is still straining against the fabric, practically screaming for Sherlock to touch it, engulf it.
The cab rocks slowly down the streets of London, working its way back to Baker Street.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hmmm… why do you suppose that is?" When I Don't respond she pops her head out of the kitchen and asks, "Don't you wonder what goes on in that funny little head of his?"
John grins. His eyes are soft, a little dull, like when he has had too much alcohol. He looks like he has been snogged thoroughly; hair beautifully mussed, lips red and cheeks flushed. His eyes sparkle as he moves down, spreading Sherlock’s legs and kneeling between his thighs. Sherlock tries to close his legs tightly around John to feel his body pressed against the inside of his thighs, but he doesn’t know that sensation either.
It suddenly clicks for John that that was a crude imitation of his mouth-to-mouth resuscitationin that he had used on Sherlock on the couch during his panic attack and that that may be the only thing Sherlock knows how to do. Perhaps his intention was a kiss, or just some sort of physical gesture of comfort, but in the heat of the moment - all shamming aside - he could only mirror what John had done for him in his moment of need.
"No! Your premise is faulty, John. I don't accept your apology. You have no authority to request absolution." Propelled by pure anger, Sherlock huffs all the way to the desk and plants his fists on it with his back to John, leaning over his microscope.
He doesn’t
The attacks are subtle at first. So much so, I'm not sure if it is an attack at all or just a coincidental series of unfortunate events.
“Don’t know, mate. If someone looked at me
“I don’t know, Sherlock,” John responds calmly. His voice is hollowed out and he is still gazing at the fire. “Honestly, I don’t know why you even proposed this. What sort of
“Jooohhnn,” Sherlock finally manages to moan. His voice is thick and his speech slurs terribly, so he sounds drunk. John gives a short laugh.
It's probably another ten minutes before I can force myself up onto the couch. I'm still shaking. I don't know what to do with myself but I feel sick and weak - worse than any typical panic attack or nightmare. I don't feel safe staying there in the sitting room with the nightmare so fresh. I push myself up and stagger up the stairs to my room. I lock the door behind me and wedge the desk chair under the knob. I get out my gun, load it and lay down on the bed, eyes fixed on the door long into the night until exhaustion finally overtakes me.
to sleep?!”
“Three. First kiss?”
In the darkened stairwell, Captain Watson hunches with his head on his knees and both his hands spread over the back of his skull. He can't make himself small enough. He can't stop shaking. He can't stop the feeling that his own skin is going to split open and something wild and frenzied is going to crawl out of the shell.
Sherlock returns his eyes to the image. Raz considers himself a true artist and London his canvas. His pieces are always surprisingly thoughtful, with poignant messages intended to challenge assumptions.
but, it's been made very clear now that Sherlock doesn’t want anything to do with John
“Ok.” He tries to radiate confidence and decisiveness. He cups Sherlock's face once more and tilts his chin up so that Sherlock's eyes can catch the dim light of the room. Sherlock's brow gathers in an adorable pinch over his nose for a moment, then his eyes slide closed and his whole face relaxes. His plump lips part slightly, as if in surrender to a kiss.
remains.
“Fair enough,” Lestrade says with a sigh, his eyes shifting to something more like respect and understanding. He places his palms flat on his knees as if preparing to get up. He stops and considers Sherlock.
“Never say that again,” whispers Sherlock. “These hands saved my life, saved me.”
I turn my eyes back on Sebastian and his gaze is still fixed on me, sparkling with a kind of cruel amusement. I bristle as I realise this man has somehow been close enough to Sherlock to
“Bloody hell,” I mutter at the bottom of the stairs, already getting that faint sense of
about things.
“That's
Sherlock’s eyes slide back to his computer screen and he begins revising his list of questions
. This way is too real; too exposing and too painful. He looks down at his trembling body; his leaking cock. His eyes burn.
John shudders, swallows and takes a deep breath; willing the tightness in his chest to relax and his lungs to start working again. He pushes his palm flat against his sternum and rubs briskly.
He'd learned to live without - to survive.
“The jump from Bart’s was not a trick, John. It was exactly as it appeared. I died. Yet, I am unable to remain so. I have no regard for my own transport because no amount of abuse will ever prove fatal to this body. I am trapped in this form…for better or worse… perhaps unto the end of the universe itself. Ageless, unable to wear the scars of this existence on my flesh, but you-” Sherlock stops, watching John stare at him, his face too shocked to display the internal struggle inside him to take in this information and rearrange everything he thought he knew. He moves to the bed and sits down next to John.
“No, wait.” He searches the entity's face; the otherworldly glow is growing more intense and bleeding out the definition of its features even as the sounds of the room and the sensations of Henry's own broken body become more distinct. The hand on Henry's chest and around his wrist is starting to burn. “I'm… this moment may be all I have... Please... You've got a name, don't you?”
It throws me off balance, making an odd, achy sensation expand in my chest as I meet his gaze. It's like something is missing that was there before and I'm not sure how to recover it because I'm not even sure what
John’s brow furrows and he hesitates before he decides getting into a car with a beautiful stranger is much better than standing out there in the rain.
“Because I had a row in the shop with a chip-and-PIN machine,” I say more tetchily than perhaps warranted.
“You haven't a plan?” John's face crumples in frustrated exasperation. “This is important, Sherlock.” He throws up his hands then sighs, his shoulders sagging in disappointment. He looks over at the bed and gestures towards it.
Sherlock hits rock bottom but someone unexpected is there to help lift him up. He has begun to slowly turn  his life around when a very
started it, hadn’t he?
- Fighting - Always fighting…
When Wilkes finally leaves space for Sherlock to speak, I hold my breath, ready for all hell to break loose when Sherlock puts him in his place. With any luck it will come to blows and I’ll quench my itch for a good fight with a fist in this man's smug face.
He will warm her up a bit then let their bodies take over. Sometimes the soft and quiet ones prove to be savages in bed if given a safe space to show their darker selves. With any luck, Miranda will be one such hidden gem. And maybe they can have a go from time to time… just be a release for each other… No feelings or expectations; just a good shag with a
“I don't care for most people,” Sherlock tries for a patronising tone with a sneer of distaste. “I don't imagine I'd enjoy having their tongue down my throat.”
There’s papers and a reputation for… for
John clears his throat and presses his fingers to his temple as his eyes cut to Sherlock again. It definitely
make sense." He lifts his hand to pinch the bridge of his nose. It’s
The next thing I am aware of is that the nature of that pressure has changed. It's moving. It's plush lips and a slick, heated, and invasive tongue pulling, pressing and plundering my own lax lips as if it means to devour me.
Anticipation and anxiety spark and crackle on every nerve. He wants to rip his stupid, self-sabotaging, weak and wanting transport to pieces with his own bare hands. His body, nothing more than an abettor of base deeds, dragged him into this mess. More of John did not quench the need within, it only ignited it further. Sheer sentiment has overthrown logic, unleashing a ravenous craving that will surely consume him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, not surprised. No idea what it was she got into you but you were pretty bloody high.” John offers a small smirk as he chuckles and moves to get up.
“Oh, zero,” John says when he finally feels under appropriate control again. He remembers the daily countdown of inquires from Christmas and his system floods with warmth at the little game. He gingerly touches at the bandaged gunshot wound on his chest with his left hand. “Zero isn't actually-”
That gaping chasm in his chest has yawned wider and wider over the past few weeks. He's felt its sucking sensation; the painful inward collapsing. Try as he might to delete everything he has ever known about stars, space and the solar system as a whole, he keeps being dragged back to that moment on the couch and that absurd, yet powerful, certainty that a black hole existed within him, threatening to consume everything. He has felt everything closing in.
I look down at his hand that is reaching for the handle of the taxi. I'm struck by a surge of panic as I realise that something is happening here -
Think, have to
When John pulls back Sherlock’s eyes can only manage to part halfway. Every part of him is throbbing for John, but somehow the pain of it feels good, familiar, he knows John can quench it.
Five hours ago they had solved an extremely emotional case where a child had been taken. Three hours and twenty minutes ago they had apprehended the kidnapper that had been at large for two days but Sherlock can’t really call that a victory as the one thing that matters is that the child is dead; murdered shortly after taken.
of yours, or John’s blog anyhow. Agreed to... look the other way, so to speak. Then it was just a matter of that young fella, the boy that did the Moriarty broadcast for The Game Master. Just an innocent, really. Didn’t know what he was doin’ at the time... still it was John that got Mycroft to go easy on him; give him an internship instead of a prison cell… That’s just John all over... Good heart pays off in the end, I suppose. Good havin’ people in your corner, init?”
Sherlock exhales sharply and rolls his eyes at his own frivolous thoughts. He flips over to face the back of the couch and curls himself up into a ball, wrapping his blue housecoat tightly around himself, like a cocoon. It is a poor substitute for John's comforting weight pressing down on him.
“What? Why not?”
“No, no. Actually, the full saying is
Sherlock throws an elbow that makes contact with John’s bad shoulder. He didn't really mean to do that but he'd be a fool not to take advantage. He twists free and flips over only to find his mouth millimeters from John's bare ribs as the soldier reels in pain. He wants to lick and taste but John is already recovering; curling in, calf wrapping around Sherlock's waist to reform a hold on him, so he bites instead. John yelps and his whole body jerks, nearly catapulting Sherlock off the bed with his strong legs.
Strong, capable hand grasping hip, steering it.
has some sort of sacred meaning to Sherlock, even if he can't understand
For a long time the room is quiet. There's only my breathing, rough like I've just taken a beating. I work to swallow down the burning heat flooding my system. I'm determined to speak calmly and clearly when I respond - giving nothing.
“Yeah. Yeah. Of course,” I agree, nodding. “I'm sure-” I’m interrupted by the buzzing of my phone. I automatically fish it out and glance at it.
His lips moving, brushing lightly against the flesh of John's's neck.
As it turned out, Sherlock was
“No. Everything,” Sherlock gestures widely. “The video, the trail, the people, the notes?”
It fades to black and when it rises again he is in a dark warehouse, walking slowly forward.
He forces his mind back to the task at hand. He feels fuzzy around the edges and pain is gnawing on the back of his brain. Distantly he wonders how he can find something that is missing when he doesn't even know the shape of it. It has disappeared as if it
John stares at him as if he might be speaking a foreign language; eyes narrowed to slits and brow furrowed. “I've upset you."
it's salvation. It’s as much like death as it is like
" My tone is hard and flat; my temporary lift in mood collapsing back into something darker now that I see what is really happening here. Around the stick, her lips stretch upward into the suggestion of a smile as her eyes, empty of everything, meet my own. A long black car pulls up to the kerb beside us and she breaks her gaze away to step over and open the back door.
With a groan, I flop back to lay flat on the couch and stare up at the ceiling.
is a trick of the light, or a shadow that has too much weight, or a whiff of ozone, or a breath of cold air on the back of his neck, or the sensation of a piercing gaze locked on him when no one is around.
The arc of John's body as he is delivering a precise swing; non-dominant hand, not fully strength.
, then." When Sherlock's eyes slide to John, he already has a humoured smirk on his face and a spark of playfulness in his eyes, which he tops with a waggle off his eyebrows. For a brief, glorious second Sherlock's lips twitch into a crooked smile before he suppresses it. His expression hardens again, all the light going out of his eyes.
Christ, I want this.
“Clean dressing for the wound,” Sherlock says flatly as he folds the cloth into a rectangle of the appropriate size to cover the gash.
“Sherlock,” I grab him, spin him around and push him back against the taxi. My hands are gripping his coat at the lapels and my body is pinning his.
John sucks in a deep breath through his teeth, obviously displeased - which is a small thrill to Sherlock. “Right.” He stands up and reaches for the hem of Sherlock’s shirt. “Let’s get this off then. Arms up.”
At the figure’s gentle prodding, Henry lifts his legs, swivels and sits where his body lies. Where his legs overlap his body’s, they feel trapped in that heavy flesh. He can feel the itch of the fabric of his trousers, the ache of muscles, the stinging cuts from shrapnel across his right outer thigh. Henry hadn't noticed the absence of sensation but now that that pain is biting at him, he wants to recoil from it. He wants to jerk free of that heavy and battered flesh. However, the figures hand on his wrist keeps him from floating away and its voice is firm, slicing through the onslaught of sensations that are seeping in and overwhelming Henry.
"Oh… you're?" John scratches at the back of his neck and looks around in confusion, wondering why Sherlock came over to his room to take a shower. It's not exactly an unpleasant turn of events - a bit odd - but John won't complain.
” She brushes her fingers lightly over his bruised cheek. “That was you hurting yourself to punish him, wasn’t it?”
Her smile is slow and it doesn't touch her eyes where a predatory interest is gleaming in the unrelenting darkness of their depths.
He angles his body towards the mirror so he can examine the red, puckered, triangular-shaped marks standing out against the pale white of his skin. The edges are already starting to yellow underneath; promising an ugly bruise. He considers that at least now he will have a comparison for various stages of bruises on
He awoke groggily, his first sensation being silky, soft curls tickling at his nose. Fighting consciousness, he inhaled deeply, taking in that warm scent that was so unique and yet had grown comfortingly familiar, like home. It felt natural to turn his head and bury his face further into those curls, nuzzling his nose against the soft shell of an ear and lips grazing faintly across a muscular neck.
There are far worse ways to die.
Sherlock carefully runs his fingertips over the shell of John’s ear. He has always wanted to run his tongue over that. He never could figure out what the texture might be like, how fragile the lobe might be if he sucked on it. He pinches that soft mound of flesh between finger and thumb now and John smiles, making a quiet, rumbling sound and shifting forward a bit. Sherlock’s groin throbs in response.
You’re the one… the one who broke his heart.”
John decides to take a more direct tact before he makes Sherlock any more confused and cross by trying to come at it sideways.
He’d told John he remembered what he’d said the night he was drugged by Irene, but the truth is it remains fragmented and unclear. He can’t quite make the pieces fit and he doesn’t know what is being asked of him.
"Case. You're a client now." Sherlock pulls open the door and strides out, pink suitcase in tow. Stunned, John follows him into the hall.
When John was 16 he inherited a car from a distant relative that passed away. Truth be told, it was only given to him because no one else wanted it. Just a rusty, old, beat-up junker with nearly 320,000 kilometers already on the odometer but, as his first taste of freedom, it was exhilarating. For that reason alone, he'd cherished it as something glorious.
on it and underline it. When she looks up and catches me reading her notes upside down, she clears her throat and tilts the pad up out of sight, leveling a reprimanding look at me.
When he’d found himself with his lips over Sherlock's mouth, forcing air into his lungs, that had seemed natural too. This type of resuscitation was not completely foreign John as a doctor. Though using it on someone having a panic attack was hardly conventional practice, John had done it on instinct. Soldier and doctor calm, he'd given his frantic friend the only thing that he possessed to convince him that he could breathe; air from his own lungs. There wasn’t any question about it; Sherlock was falling off a cliff and John intended to do everything in his power to pull him back. He would keep Sherlock alive, even if he had to breathe for both of them.
Sherlock sighs heavily and looks at the floor. "I'm inadequately skilled for this task," he mutters bitterly. He shifts uncomfortably and fidgets with the medical supplies.
“Don't you go anywhere, soldier. That's an order,” Watson says firmly.
He is leaning over; warmth and kindness radiating.
Sherlock swallows and looks away feeling deflated. He’d never really considered it from John’s perspective. The back and forth battle he had raged inside himself to kill his feelings had a casualty he had never anticipated.
“I need you, John. Stay,” Sherlock growls squeezing his eyes closed. He pulls John's leg to him with surprising strength and presses his face against his outer thigh, like a frightened child.
that, in John’s state of intoxication, Sherlock’s usual abrasive and dismissive self-defense methods are failing miserably. He wishes he could leave but this is
I can't tell how long it is before the fear abates enough for me to realise I'm
“You've… um… you've kissed boys before? A handsome bloke like you… bet you've kissed
and suddenly there were expressions John didn't understand and tense moments where it felt like they were both waiting for something to happen. John couldn't hand the man tea without waiting
“My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
“You're
John had done the best he could with what Sherlock had given him, which was
“Intimidation, John," He says looking over at me. "He isn’t going to want to give up information easily. We must hit him quick and precise. Pressure points; police scrutiny and losing face.”
“No, it's - it's
"Oh, hello," she says, sounding as if she's pleased to have just found something that she'd misplaced.
" He lifts a hand, suddenly agitated by Sherlock touching his personal things - touching his
. Closed circuit," she assures, "It runs to the security desk and it's strictly for visual monitoring. The video is not kept and there's no audio..." She pauses, turning to fully regard me a moment before speaking. She folds her hands in her lap with deliberate calmness. "I think the more important question is
As much as that moment hurt, John would make that same choice again and again; putting the gun to his own head and pulling the trigger for that one moment of knowing the true depths of Sherlock’s love for him.
John hesitates, drawing his hand back.
Sherlock loves it when John shows his more assertive side, though it has never come to that on their ‘first time.’ He always starts out so careful and tender as if Sherlock is a virgin - as if their bodies weren’t cosmicly designed to fit together.
“Where the bloody hell does he come off... acting like
“Gonna blanket you… weighted blanket
We appreciate all the feedback and encouragement everyone has offered. Please do continue to leave your comments and Kudos.
He stops at the table. As he stands with his back to John, he picks up and flips his phone over in one hand with a toss. The other hand holds his sheet at his chest and he lets his grip on it loosen just enough for a shoulder blade to show. A peek of stark white nestled between the jet black of his hair and the dark purple of sheet.
“Travel does tax the energy. You must be tired.” Mycroft nods at the chair opposite himself. “Sit, Sherlock.” His tone has grown an edge of command.
in his life.
a question and I’ll just tell you instead.”
Sherlock doesn't move or speak. The heat and tension builds in the air between them.
,” John inquires and he can't help the grin that spreads across his face as Sherlock tips his head back to look at the ceiling. “What did you do?” John drawls.
“Yeah,” he groans. “I’m - It's just-” John tries to explain, but he's cut off.
“Yeah, you’re right,” Watson concedes to the now sleeping Stinson. “Just seemed important is all.” Watson scrubs a hand over his face and relaxes enough to let a yawn crack through him. He crosses his arms over his chest and settles into the cot, listening to the overlapping shush of deep breathing and the occasional rumble of soft snores of the men and women in his unit sleeping. It is such a lulling chorus it is as if they are all parts of one creature.
“Right…
Sherlock’s mind is at war with itself as they travel home in silence. He knows, logically speaking, he should find some means of encouraging John to leave his side and assume a more stable and less traumatic existence, but practicality (certainly not sentimentality) seems to block this idea whenever he tries to anchor it in his mind.
mind you.
I am here,” Sherlock retorts, lifting an eyebrow. These are the thoughts that often haunt him. So many of the things that those two monsters-in-human-form had done had been to entice, taunt and destroy Sherlock; was it not then his fault that those things occurred?
I can work with it."
What Sherlock meant by his comment on John's wardrobe, was that it obscures
“Don't be absurd, John,” Sherlock pants, voice breathless but still replete with irritation. He is on top of John in what amounts to a rather fierce and somewhat askew embrace, limbs encircling him completely like an insatiable parasite. He lifts up just enough to bore a stare down into John’s eyes. “One time, John. It needn't mean anything at all.”
“Christ, Sherlock… you don't really-” John swallows around the tightness in his chest. “What the hell kind of experiences have you had?” He feels a sudden surge of anger towards whomever made his brilliant friend feel this way. He is glad one Irene Adler is no longer within his grasp or he might teach her a thing or two about violence. His stomach churns.
this time.
in every sense of the word, and Sherlock was drowning in it.
press the pillowcase that cradled John's head to his nose to capture one last whiff before dumping it into the laundry.
Camp Bastion military trauma hospital is the epitome of controlled chaos. Gurneys, laden with Afghan civilians, wounded British soldiers and a few Americans are attended by a swarm of medical personnel assessing and stabilising as fast as they can. The sharp smell of disinfectant stings the nose and crimson blood sloshes on the white floor. The din of urgent orders and cries of pain ebbs and flows under fluorescent lights.
“I like dancing.” Sherlock keeps his words quiet and looks directly at John, measuring the impact. Ready for retreat back to safe ground should it prove to be some joke John is making.
been waiting and
moment alone Sherlock has been continually deleting Lestrade’s first name from his memory bank.
Brilliant and simple
All those analysts picking apart Kali’s case and even the genius mind of Mycroft Holmes couldn’t manage to see an
John was and all John could think about was how the bastard reminded him of an evil leprechaun that he desperately wanted to give a good kick.
“Just tell me the truth, Sherlock.” He sounds angry again... or, perhaps, desperate. Sherlock can't tell… and he can't fathom anything John would be desperate for that he could ever give.
with you…”
destined for some government warehouse. He is practical and strictly disciplined because he has to be. There simply isn’t room for indulging in delusions when the only thing standing between those depending on him and Death is his ability to keep his head on his shoulders and his hands steady whilst everything goes to hell around them.
like a corrupted file.
John has gone very still. He doesn't even seem to be breathing. Sherlock wishes he could see him and yet is equally grateful he cannot be seen.
- that he did all this just so a little girl that he's never met gets the chance to have her freedom, live her own life, and choose who she loves.
"Obviously. I already established that," Sherlock growls. "But she's done something. Took something. She wanted me to know about your...
“Sherlock?” John’s voice is thick, but clearly a little closer to fully conscious. For a moment Sherlock is afraid to speak. He can’t find his voice. He flattens his lower hand against John’s abdomen and the other continues to stroke along his length. He closes his eyes; willing the fantasy not to shatter when he speaks.
She continues to hold my gaze as she punches in the extension and relays our arrival to Mr. Wilkes on the other end of the line.
Three strides bring him into the room. His eyes find John and he draws up short.
The soft rhythmic breathes from John are a metronome.
to the girl.
I'd like to talk.”
Sherlocks does not read
“Don’t know… Dragging me into an alley and pinning me to a wall, I’m inclined to agree.” Sherlock huffs. “Thought you'd be a bit more creative though, being a genius detective and all.” Sherlock’s back and shoulders straighten slightly as if resuming the consulting detective persona. His head remains planted against John's shoulder.
It was terrifying. Yet, surviving it was not half as difficult as knowing what to do
have, John,” Sherlock spits bitterly. He doesn't mean it to be so harsh but it is sharp and cutting. John sucks in a breath and lets it out slowly through his nose, face seeming to crumple beneath the deeper truth of those words.
want that. Not with anyone... but John. And since he obviously cannot have it with John, he will just have to learn to function without it once more. It should be easy since he is unlikely to see John again and no one else appeals to him.
Sherlock's eyes are once more drawn to John’s crotch and he feels everything inside him pulse as he contemplates the dangerous weapon therein. His mouth twitches up in a crooked smile.
John tips his head and lifts and drops a shoulder, a grin spreading over his face. It's not exactly confirmation but not denial either.
“I'm not going to…”
Sherlock hooks his fingers in the center flap of John's button down shirt and rips it apart so violently that buttons go flying like shrapnel.
break in if you hadn't locked it."
I can’t be blamed really.
As the absurdity of such a conclusion comes into focus, he begins to calm. When he completely pushes the conclusion aside as
and just this sort of one-off and -"
“John?” It is choked and has a slight wobble in the middle that cannot be helped since the whole universe is wobbling on its axis.
Sherlock sighs in aggravation, digits continuing to rub up and down the finely textured spine of the book as he listens half-heartedly to Mycroft's scolding. Sherlock’s thoughts stray, much more intrigued by the old book than anything Mycroft has to say. Each crease and divot is like wrinkles and pores, communicating secrets of its past in a mysterious language of topography. The memory of hovering fingers over Captain Watson's face awakens a deep longing; a burning desire to know what a similar caress on the man's face might tell him.
“An enemy.”
The thought had sprung up in the back of his mind as Sherlock had pulled him down onto himself that first time.
“You could always go
accent of yours or…” John’s grin widens and his eyes have not left Sherlock’s lips, that are starting to burn and tingle at the intense interest. After an eternity, John’s eyelashes flutter. He licks his lips and looks up into Sherlock’s eyes from under heavier lids.
… besides, you appear to be going out.” He shoots his flatmate a hard, challenging look. They both know the choice John has to make here.
Sherlock’s eyes remained shielded but beneath their forced blankness John thought he saw a hint of uncertainty, confusion and impatient need.
...  It's more like slow dancing. There's steps to it… a rhythm… give and take.”
Sherlock brings his hands up, they spread on John’s chest and stay there for only a second as Sherlock presses harder into him. Then he shoves John away with surprising force. John stares at him, stunned. Sherlock turns towards Victor.
Sherlock just studies him with his brow furrowed and a deep frown; his trembling hands still lightly ghosting across the bandage over John’s fresh wound; the white fabric is already stained deep red.
“Um… thanks.” I pause, looking her over and considering if I should take the open invitation in her body language. She's obviously interested and it would be easy to lean in and charm a date or, at the very least, a number out of her.
"Sherlock?"
Holmes does
“Sherlock,” John steps forward and waits until Sherlock appears completely focused on him.
to save me. Lost everything. Drove him away.” Sherlock makes a dismissive gesture as his eyes flash hot and he is leaning forward now, words gritted through a slightly disjointed and clenched jaw in a way that must be painful.
John put down the paper and tried to draw the pouting man out. He hoped that a reference to the discussion in the alley would relieve some of the tension and give Sherlock a way to express whatever frustration he was holding against the doctor. Sherlock just coldly brushed it off, turning back towards the couch and then, after a moment, curling himself even tighter.
heard of me.” She tips her head to the side as if weighing what he might have heard.  “Mutual friend?”
I want to be proud that I'd guessed it was a break-in from what few clues Sherlock had offered but there is this lingering feeling of having been gut punched by the conversation so far.
“Six. Most embarrassing moment?”
“Have a seat, Sherlock.” Mycroft gestures at the chair opposite himself as he leans back in his own antique leather armchair. His legs are crossed and his fingers smooth along the delicate engraving of the polished wooden arms; the picture of calm control to anyone that does not know him as well as Sherlock does.
of restraint that he can't promise, but then he feels the anxiety in Sherlock's breathing and the thunder of his stuttering heart, as if he might just shake himself apart in John's embrace. The army calm slips over him. Sherlock needs him to do this and he will always do what Sherlock needs of him, no matter how difficult.
,” John chuckles at himself.  “Doesn't really bother me.” John watches Sherlock’s lips twitch into a smile that is quickly suppressed. The comfortable silence settles between them again.
“John,” his tone is careful, “It is my understanding that most men find it a badge of honour to take someone's virginity.”
Something new flickers over her face - surprise.
Though it knows it cannot be seen, the figure blinks away from that time and place.
John has stopped talking and is still staring at him with a face full of confusion, concern and astonishment. The tilt of his head and purse of his lips
It had been so easy in the past to turn away any others who might get anything in their funny little brain's about the possibility of something intimate. It had always seemed a kindness to all involved to be blunt. So, he was prepared and practised a curt rejection that was sure to squash any false hopes anyone else may have about their prospects. Then, John had asked him if he had a boyfriend and gave him those slow blinks and a gentle smile as he told him that it was 'all fine' and Sherlock could almost believe him - could almost...
but it is, so far as I am aware, vastly so in
Sherlock knows the roof of Bart’s is next, but it is too painful. Whomever is up there and whatever he is to find does not seem worth it. Nor does Leinster Gardens. He works his way through the rest of the locations; deeper and deeper into their shared history, reigniting memories he had long ago resigned to the cupboards of his Mind Palace.
“Sherlock, I-”
“It was… he was performing surgery and he looked at me and spoke to me.”
"Lost five mill in a single morning; made it all back a week later," Sebastian replies, turning towards me as he dries his hands. "Nerves of steel, Eddie had." I look up at Sherlock.
Billy smiles sheepishly and mumbles, “Oh, well, there was
He gives up and yanks. He will buy him a new bloody shirt. A thousand shirts. He has no want for money. When you have lasted thousands of years, it is remarkably easy to set up substantial means of financial security. He could live quite opulently if he so chose, but he’d found centuries ago that being rich was rather…
He turned and fled as fast as he could before his body did something embarrassing, like collapse. He thought he heard Sherlock say his name underneath Victor’s laughter, but he couldn't risk stopping. He had not been prepared for
Sherlock tosses back the covers and does a cursory evaluation of the state of his body. He is wearing a full suit that is, at first appearances, intact. He exhales, sagging in relief.
“Professor McGregor. Tough one, but I know
the darkness whispers,
He sighs and sets the glass down; unfinished. He leans forward and scrubs his hands over his face, feeling the coarse stubble and wrinkles under his fingertips and palms.
“Say it." Sherlock’s low voice rumbles with careful annunciation. “Say exactly what you said at the crime scene, exactly how you said it.”
“It's fine, Sherlock.” He gives him a nod. He heaves a heavy sigh and winces at the pain that the movement shoots through his chest. He touches his covered wound lightly, then looks up at Sherlock who is staring back at him with concern
Sherlock looks down at it, then turns away towards the wall again. He knows every smallest detail of that photo. He has spent many an hour gazing at it. He knows his own face is smooth and impassive, as always, eyes a practised blank. He is seated with his legs crossed in his fine, Victorian attire. However, it is the man stood behind him that Sherlock’s eyes are inevitably drawn to. The tilt of the man’s mustache betrays a familiar smirk, the lively glint in his eyes is evident even in the grainy, sienna toned tintype. The man’s strong, gentle hand is curled around Sherlock’s shoulder. He can still feel it at times; the subtle pressure, the reassurance, the protectiveness, the slightest bit of possessiveness in that touch. It had made his heart flutter in his chest. It still does.
“Don't be foolish, Sherlock.” He turns his eyes back on Sherlock and his mouth is set in a thin grimace as if he is burdened with insurmountable disappointment. “He cannot see you. You are revealed only to the dying or severely ill.”
He snaches it up, swirls into it, and ties the belt firmly around his waist.
That thought catches in his head.
body...
I turn to her and rock back on my heels. Rage immediately melts into pleased surprise and confusion when I'm met with chestnut brown eyes that are locked on me with intense interest. My eyes sweep down her tall, fit figure (clad in a posh dark blue skirt, blazer, and heels) and then back up to her face, framed with long blonde hair laying over each shoulder.
Indignation and defensiveness is an autonomic response to this deep stab of rejection. His entire body is an abscess; his skin stretched painfully tight with the swell of trying to contain those toxins building inside him. He is ready to burst and unleash his poison.
… they never see it coming.”
It's stupid, and deadly, and can only end badly.
It seems like this is as close to an apology as I'm going to get.
Mycroft was sweating, abnormally white and leaning to the left. His left hand, meant to appear to be casually in his pocket, was actually pressing firmly into his side as a counterbalance to the intense pain he must be in. They discovered
He had shot a man for Sherlock, he regularly chased him through countless alleys and abandoned buildings and threw himself headlong into the path of danger to protect him; was it really a big deal to be his blanket for twenty minutes?
anymore. Like the psychosomatic limp, he couldn't quite shake the trauma of the injury Sherlock had inflicted.
“Supraventricular tachycardia,” Captain Watson spits the words like curses. “Push 1.5ng/ml Digoxin.”
then?"
There, in the last file was her latest job;
fists.
” John drags out the word and cocks his head to the side in that soft but chiding way that makes Sherlock feel weak and sick at the same time, like that first plunge on a rollercoaster.
“As you wish,” he says calmly standing up and pulling Sherlock to his feet with him; an affectionate and reassuring smile on his face.
He really
Watson purses his lips, tilts his head slightly to the side and narrows his eyes.
“Well, to hell with this dying shit - I want to live.” He drifts over to his own body on the operating table and gives it a nod. “How do I do this?”
before… but I think with a little coaching, Miranda here, could be a good match.” Her smile has relief and something near gratitude for his shirking of Kellie’s blatant advances. “You’re good.” he says dropping his voice and putting a spark in his eyes. “I can teach you, if you’d like.” He puts a hand on her hip and she melts a little.
Mycroft nods. His thin lips turn up at the corners. “Good. Good. I am glad to hear that, little brother.” Mycroft rises to his feet. “Now, if you'll excuse me, I do have other matters to attend to." Mycroft swiftly exits the room, his voice trailing after him. "Do take care, Sherlock.”
I start to nod, then freeze and look up with her with wide eyes, confused and hoping she's not suggesting what I fear she is "Wait,
"Sherlock? Sherlock? Come back to me." John crouches over Sherlock's prone body and slides a hand around the back of Sherlock's head into his soft curls. He feels along the back of Sherlock's neck down to his spine and up to the base of his skull, checking for signs of injury. He cups him gently around his jaw with both hands and tilts his head back. He's surprised when Sherlock's breathing picks up, his lips part, and he lets a soft whimper slip from his lovely lips. His stark black eyelashes flutter against the porcelain white of his cheeks.
but to either get better clothing or go naked.
"Nightmares," I admit.
miscreant.” Sherlock still has his arm lifted and his back to me as he looks down the street towards an approaching taxi.
John blinks slowly at him and eases back, his arms lowering in defeat.
John makes a sound of consideration and lets his eyes run over what he can see of Sherlock in such close proximity as if weighing the merits of his argument.
"Um… do I know you?"
Once he had deduced that John was preparing for a date, completely on impulse, he had stripped down, dug out the dark purple bed sheet from his wardrobe (a colour he knew complimented his skin tone) and wrapped himself in it. He marched out to the sitting room and planted himself dead center.
No, it is, in fact, an act of
No, he's not mocking me. He's pointing it out; exposing it. He's refusing to let me hide it. I'd liked that about him at first - the way he'd seen through me and dragged everything out into the light immediately. Not for judgement, but to show there could be no false boundaries or illusions between us. I had found that part of him refreshing at that first meeting. Not so much now that he's still keeping all his secrets from me.
Sherlock’s brow wrinkles in confusion, then doubt sweeps through his eyes before the mask of intense heat returns.
is implied in Mycroft's tone; Sherlock being the most obvious constant variable. The undertone of threat in that is an implication that culpability (and consequences) falls to Captain Watson should Sherlock persist in subverting the natural progress of things. There is a sharp blade of fear in Sherlock's chest, a disconcerting and unfamiliar sensation.
. Every callus and imperfection and the variations in texture of those hands are burned into his mind with perfect accuracy. He knows the soft parts and the hard parts and how gentle yet firm they can be.
After a second of consideration, John clears his throat with an air of irritation. “So…” He drawls.
He has a
Mary, his
He will just accept what he has and recognise that it
Sherlock isn't sure why his heart is suddenly fluttering rabbit-quick in his chest and his eyes burn. He blinks several times to try to clear his vision.
” He shifts back and nods again. “Alright. Here goes… well…
He was surprised by Sherlock’s adamant resistance to the
I startle out of sleep with the sensation of something pressing down on my face. I struggle to fight it off but, as I breathe in, my head spins and I sink even deeper into that gray, dreamless abyss.
had shared. He tried not to think about her; about what she had really turned out to be and about how they had made the only choice they could make when they shot her before she could kill them both.
"I'll wait outside."
“Oh, yes." There is a smile in John's voice. However, he doesn't respond for agonisingly long moments. He puts the groceries away, then sinks into his chair by the fireplace and reaches for the paper without responding. There is a slight curl to his lips; something like a small, devious smile. He may be enjoying himself; enjoying keeping Sherlock waiting. However, there is also caution in his eyes and a hesitancy in his movements. He keeps making subtle, unconscious gestures of self-protection, as if he is feeling something out; calculating risk.
The figure lifts a hand and pauses the rambling and frantic man, stretching the moment so it can move in the spaces in between heart beats. It traces that thread of connection from Henry back to a woman; scraped and bruised, huddling over a cup of luke-warm tea.
Scowling at his own stupidity, Sherlock shakes his head. “This is my fault, no-one else’s.” He means every word. It is his fault Victor was so enraged; his own arrogance to think he could start to rebuild his old life had caused this. A case indeed! The sheer ridiculousness of it makes him laugh.
“I don’t know, Sherlock. You probably just need to ask," he seems irritable now, like he is when Sherlock isn't catching on to something he deems important; usually having to do with social cues or subtext. "Saying please is also a good start… Don’t give me
“Crime?! Sherlock, it’s not like that.”
Sherlock scoffs. John would dare to doubt his resolve? That is a terrible error in judgement. “Then, John,” He tips sideways enough to be able to slip a foot into optimal position as he glares over his shoulder at John. “You’re less intelligent than I gave you credit for.”
I know there is a soft grin that's crept onto my face as I consider how spectacular it is that Sherlock mastered his skill when he was still only half-grown. I can almost picture a young, scrappy, Sherlock who'd undoubtedly been so much less reserved and disciplined, more open and unguarded; a softer, tenderer, less refined man beneath this hard shell. I'd only caught fleeting glimpses of that boyish innocence in our time together and I found it irresistible.
She nods, scribbling on her notepad. That prickly irritation that's been haunting me since I awoke flares up and I breathe out harshly and cross my legs in an effort to restrain myself from fidgeting.
“What do you want, John?" He snaps. Irritation is washing over him in equal parts to his frustration and… perhaps something venturing towards
He huffs and looks up from his phone at the rain drizzled street with all the people scurrying by that look as miserable as he feels. He shouldn't even be considering her an option.
right," Sherlock cuts in, lifting his sharp gaze to meet mine with an edge of challenge.
He turns to the mirror and is careful not to look into his own eyes as he runs fingers through his hair in order to tame it. He manages, with only a small shudder, to suppress the disturbing swell of something heated and needy in remembering John's fingers moving through those same follicles, blunt tips massaging against his scalp.
The scenes are out of sequence to the way they happened in their lives. It is a map, a trail that Sherlock is to follow in sequential order, a mystery to unravel.
He is smiling, large and warm. Yet, there's something unpleasant I can't put my finger on within his bright expression.
A trip to the car shop confirmed that his brake pads were nearly non-existent; it was metal against rubber. The mechanic scoffed at John, “You ain’t got nothin’ left. Miracle you di’nt hurt someone!”
“You’re all bluster and bravado trying to bullshit your way through this - bully your way into my bed.” John's tone has shifted to something sterner, the edge of frustration and reprimand slipping in. “But you can't. Not this time. Not with
“Right! Good.” She smiles and nods decisively. “Let's get you to hospital. I'll beg off and take you. We'll get you all checked out and on the road back to health.” Her eyes and smile are warm as she gives his arm a little squeeze of reassurance.
Fortunately, John has a plan.
Not removing his arm from Sherlock's waist to steady him, John turns back towards the bed and gently propels Sherlock into motion. It's more physical support than Sherlock needs, frankly, but Sherlock doesn't object. It's comforting.
I'd best feed you up. Can't have you fainting on me. I hate for people to die
I sit back a little, blinking my surprise at Sebastian. Perhaps I shouldn't be shocked by this assertion, given how I'd seen the majority of NSY react to Sherlock and that Sherlock himself had told me that people usually tell him to 'piss off’ when he deduces them but there is a particular viciousness in it when contrasted with that younger version of Sherlock I'd just been imagining.
“Oh,” he says softly, a peaceful awe washing over him, like warm sunlight. It is gentle waters of loving comfort lapping at his feet. He finds he wants to sink into it, to surrender, to slip beneath it and let it carry him away.
to restore Sherlock to functionality. Sherlock solves crimes and saves all of England on occasion; restoring his faculties is practically an act of heroism. And surely Sherlock can arrange a metal or knighthood or having John declared a national treasure or
(as his therapist, Ella, would call it) by writing it in his blog.
He need only consider the last time...
John smiles. “Yeah, that
He wants to bite and scratch and fight because Sherlock
Sherlock. He’s after
He is seated in his chair, prim and pristine in his fine suit, and almost in the exact same position I left him in only an hour earlier. However, instead of meditatively steepling his hands beneath his chin, he is now holding a book. He doesn't return my gaze, pretending to consider the book (as if he is capable of something so mundane as calmly passing the time by reading).
“Yeah, you’re just saying that because you know you can't win.” John’s hands are on his hips now and he is looking off to the side, a surefire sign he is getting furious. “How about your learn the rules
Sherlock silently reminds himself.
“It's alright, lad,” Watson says firmly. He pins the wounded soldier's arm down with one hand while the other applies pressure to his re-opened chest wound. Red is pooling over the tattered desert camo green and browns, like spilt ink on paper. “Keep calm.”
John is insufferably cruel.
John moves forward from crouching to kneeling with his knees bracketing Sherlock's hips. Then he rises up on his knees to sink his fingers into Sherlock's hair so that he can search for any unusual lumps or wounds on his scalp. Almost the instant John's fingers press against Sherlock's scalp, Sherlock lets out a loud, low, jagged sound. John jerks his hands back in surprise.
“You're so much and I just can't-” John's voice is full of devastation. Sherlock looks up and the door is closing. “I'm sorry. I should go. I'll just-”
“It's…” Sherlock takes a slow shaky breath. He shakes his head back and forth and tries to disconnect from his body enough to sort his thoughts. “Can we… perhaps… lay down?” Sherlock asks tentatively. He feels John freeze, his breath catching in his chest. “It’s just… I feel more…
"VanCoon was into something, Sebastian."  Sherlock begins as we stride away together. "I need-"
However… he feels...
“John, I have watched you die more times than I wish to count. Always for me. You sacrifice yourself, no matter how much I try-” Sherlock’s voice breaks and he closes his eyes a moment to pull himself together and muster his courage for this painful truth. He opens his eyes and studies John carefully.
Sorry, this chapter is a bumpy (emotional) ride. Not a particularly happy chapter but remember it is always darkest before dawn - and emotional growth is always a bit painful.
channels.
John's hand is at center of Sherlock's back, steadying him, as he slips off the bed to stand beside him. It only remains for a few seconds more before withdrawing completely.
.” He was trying to make his voice forceful and insistent, but it came out all wrong. There was an edge of urgent need, like a whine.
“He’s with me.” Sherlock motions John towards the pile of coveralls, refusing to look Lestrade in the eyes as he pulls off his leather gloves and snatches up a pair of latex ones.
been a certainty.”
John opens his eyes a sliver and sees Sherlock looking over at him. He can tell the exact moment that Sherlock's gaze falls on the red stain blooming on his chest. Recognition flashes into an expression of horror on his face.
It's not that he doesn't have restraint. He has loads of restraint that is tested daily in living with Sherlock. That he has managed not to kill the man several times over, shows superhuman restraint. That he has managed not to snog the man senseless, has also been a matter of military-grade self-discipline. That these two powerful urges chase each other around on an endless loop, like a dog chasing its own tail, means it’s rare that John does not throw himself into bed with the full body exhaustion of a soldier engaged in relentless battle all day.
“You know… John… It's just about - about
It had felt slightly awkward to wake up draped over Sherlock some hours later, having somehow drifted off to sleep, but as Sherlock roused too and they both went about their normal activities, washing and heading to bed, John had left all those nagging concerns about the whole experience packed away and resolved not to think too much about it.
For a moment the sounds from last night drown out all Sherlock's thoughts, the grunts and sighs of pleasure that Sherlock's body had drawn from John. He can almost feel John's skin, fevered and sticky with sweat, pressed against his back. His muscles flexing and the entire earth shaking with each thrust.
John obviously doesn't see it that way. He isn't moving. His brow has lowered and an odd expression has darkened his face. Sherlock hasn't seen this look before. It irks him that he is unable to discern the layers of meaning. He frowns and glances around, trying to understand what he's missed. His eyes fall on the lamp on the bedside table right behind John.
The first meeting had been spectacular until he made a train wreck of it. Apparently he’d only needed to look at Sherlock to compel him into practically breaking the sound barrier in an effort to escape him during their second encounter. And the third had been a non-starter. The door had been slammed in his face twice. When it was opened a third time and he might have finally had his chance to set it all right, he instead did a rather impressive (if completely inappropriate) crash tackle, knocking Sherlock out cold.
Please."
his mind began to play out things that might happen with his own body pressed against
"My head." Sherlock reaches a hand up towards the back of his own head but John leans forward and catches him by the wrist in mid-air.
These images consumed John like a thick, dark cloud as he stared at the crime scene.
Sherlock straightens his spine and hardens his expression.
Full on panic ensues.
He should really get up and leave before he further humiliates himself but he finds he's lost the will to exist past this moment. Suddenly, that memory of John on top of him in the coffin feels very apt; almost poetic. He can almost feel the Earth pulling him
, mates.” The cabbie grabs for the gear shift, clearly ready to pull away.
His own voice hangs in the air, ringing in his ears, hoarse and desperate as he was wrenched from sleep.
"Look, I'm only concerned because you've hit your head rather hard. You were knocked unconscious, actually. Only out approximately thirty seconds, but that suggests at least a mild concussion. You're pupils are fine, but you might not be yourself right now. I need to know what you're experiencing."
was dead. As a footnote in a broadcast later that day he learned that a low level government official named Mycroft Holmes died of
It's clear to see why she has earned the name. Draped with elaborately embroidered garments that are studded with stones that catch and reflect the light, her oval face is the colour of warm honey, lush black lashes frame brown eyes, and her hair is long, glossy, and black, laying like thick satin over each shoulder. Her back is straight, her chin is lifted high and she holds herself with a kind of dignity and beauty that makes her seem both hard and pure.
"Sherlock?... Sherlock?" John's urgent and angry whisper echoes down the hall.
Exquisite and haunting.
Sherlock is also
Sherlock’s outstretched hand reaches for the closed door to the living room and pushes, the grain of the wood slightly warm, a faint waft of dust combining with tea, resin and burning wood and a presence that seems to infuse everything that was flat and hollow with life once again.
“What of this
John?”
anymore,” Sherlock says evenly, keeping cautious eyes locked on Lestrade as he slowly ascends the stairs to meet the former DI.
"Yes."
I can at least do my best to not be an easy mark. That means I'm going to have to find a way to make ends meet without taking funds from Sherlock's case.
“John!” Sherlock tries to kick loose and continue clawing his way up the bed. John is not having it.
It pulls at every particle of him now, like they've their own interconnected gravity, as he stares down into Sherlock's eyes. A sun he wants to plunge into and burn up. Sherlock meets his gaze and his irises shift, like a kaleidoscope, turning from light blue, to darker blue, then to green as the pupil expands ever larger. They blow wide, consuming the colour, like a blackhole swallowing matter.
turns me back around. I'm apparently blocking the door of an office. When I apologise and step aside, I find I'm looking into a clinic with a large
“Like what you see?”
“It’s me -
Easing the tension in every muscle.
“Shit,” he mutters with his eyes wide and his voice sounding truly pained. Then he appears to melt; his eyelids slide closed,  his head sinks forward and his forehead comes to rest against John's shoulder.
Muscle and bone.
He still had the key and since he wasn’t keen on talking to Mrs. Hudson before he knew where he and Sherlock stood, he let himself in quietly. He took a deep breath, threw back his shoulders and pushed open the door to the sitting room. For a moment his muscles immediately tensed in preparation for a fight as he took in the sight of Sherlock, apparently under attack.
The truth was, John was an assignment gone wrong. Moriarty had used Mary on several jobs and then put her to watching both Sherlock and John after the cabbie incident. She was one of the snipers at the pool and a backup sniper on John during that fateful day that his world was ripped apart. No one had expected Moriarty to end his own life that day but, being the shrewd assassin that she was, she staked out her territory by insinuating herself into John's shattered life. Then in Sherlock's temporary absence, she waited for a successor to assume Moriarty's throne. When Sherlock returned, her embedded position would make her
Warm breath rebounding off of John's neck.
I am, without
Yes, Sherlock is
He hadn't noticed the sound of running water, or the stream filling up the room and billowing around the small space. The bath is nearly full, bubbles frothing over the surface. It smells of his bergamot and cedar body wash.
? This is why he is always ignoring it. It
This look is the fiercest yet. John looks positively livid. Sherlock can only guess at the kind of connections that are forming in John's emotional brain considering that the day Irene had drugged him had begun similarly, with the detective faffing about in nothing but a sheet.
of him.
"What do you want?"
Then he remembers that he'd been wound so tight in anticipation of confronting John that he'd failed to achieve enough focus to physically prepare himself for intercourse.
with Mary. She had invited herself in really; hadn't taken
I stop and turn to look back at the window of 221B. I can just barely make out a tall, curly-haired silhouette that is pale as a ghost against the dark of the room. However, I can't make out Sherlock's expression. It's impossible to tell for sure if he is watching me now. Yet, I feel his gaze burning into me, pinning me to the spot. It makes my chest squeeze tight in ways I can't understand.
…?” John is fuming; confusion tinted with fear colouring his face.
"What do you want, Lestrade?" He steps in front of John, his whole demeanor transformed in a million small ways that radiate confidence and authority, even in little more than a silk robe. "Something has changed with the case, or you wouldn't be here."
Sherlock Holmes needs John Watson but even scarier for the detective is the realization the John Watson needs Sherlock Holmes.
The figure narrows its eyes and fixes Captain Watson in a cold glare. It shakes its head again, returning its attention to Billy.
that John loved him. He still can't remember anything but fragments of that night, but it seems like John might have said something to confirm her assertion and then he apparently proposed some sort of shift in their relationship. Irene had clearly forced John's hand into confessing his attraction and now it seems fitting that she is going to provide him the lever to pry John away from some succubus tart that hopes to bed then wed him. She is proving to be a valuable tool.
Sherlock feels like he is floating now; not quite attached to the body that lies pressed under John. He knows it is safe though. John will protect it.
as much as them. It is what I can do.
Sherlock’s friend.
“No, you
The photograph is authentic Victorian era.” Sherlock glances at John, whose eyes have gone glazed and distant in shock.
“Ow,” Sherlock hisses and grips John’s shirt tighter (inadvertently pulling him forward) when John's fingers hit the sore spot on the back of his head.
“Watson?” Sherlock repeats dumbly, grateful for a steady voice. The room is suddenly too hot and the walls are closing in.
“Well, get a move on it. Got a life to get back to. Can’t stand around waiting all day for
“When did
"Yeah. Yeah you did," John breathes with that same awe. "That was brilliant... How did you do that?" Sherlock suppresses a flinch at the compliment.
man… but you, you were a soldier then too… that never changes… Always a soldier and some form of healer. I thought for some time that, perhaps, it was a medicine you - Roman you - Justus - concocted… but the truth leaves something to be desired in the realm of scientific believability… I have come to the theory that immortality was yours before that day and you somehow… for reasons I will never know… chose to surrender it - or share the purest form of it - with me. It is the only theory I am unable to discount.” Sherlock fiddles with a pin on the wall, centuries worth of guilt swelling in his chest and making it hard to breathe. He clears his throat and presses on.
“Mrs. Hudson, I drove away; off to live in the countryside with her sister." He is now speaking in his customary rapid fire way. Yet, it is the wild, manic look in his eyes that makes Hopkins even more uneasy with this familiar idiosyncrasy. "Mary? I killed her. That was my doing; all of it. Drove John away, right to her. Delivered him to the wolves. She was under Moriarty’s employ, then
“Sherlock,” Mycroft’s voice is overly kind. It doesn’t suit him. “You have been in the field a very long time. Perhaps, an assignment in London-”
He turns around quickly before John can change his mind.
"Didn't sleep well," he presses; not quite a question as much as a statement of fact. I set my jaw, refusing to respond. "Nightmares," he concludes, with a hint of confusion that grates my nerves.
” Hopkins persists as she carefully reaches over and takes Sherlock’s hand from where he is scrubbing at his eyes to try to stop the overflowing of hot liquid; those salty tears stinging at his wounds. She runs her fingers gently over the damp knuckles of his right hand.
“I caught you off guard, didn't I,” Sherlock drawls, pushing his knee up more firmly and leaning in.
Lauriston Gardens is just as Sherlock remembers it. If anything the building has fallen further into disrepair. There is no police tape around it as he arrives this time and no one comes out to meet him. The door is slightly ajar and he cautiously pushes it open and climbs the stairs to the first landing. He looks up at the landing above and almost expects to see John leaning over the rail and looking down at him in his blue coverall, cane still in hand. He sucks in a deep breath and steps back when a different head pops over the rail; the silver head of Lestrade.
___________________________
“Yes, I know,” John says intensely and his other arm slips around Sherlock pulling him closer. He ducks his head, burying his face against the sinewy shoulder. He is shaking, barely able to constrain the need to hold so tight that it is crushing.
to me,” Sherlock admits hesitantly, unaccustomed to using
How could he have forgotten
It is quiet for a few moments. John’s hands haven’t left Sherlock's body, but surely they are about to. So Sherlock tries desperately to trace the path of John’s thoughts and understand what may put this fiasco back on track.
“Hold on, Private. Nearly there.” Watson's voice is low and firm.
For a few long moments Sherlock blinks up at her, unable to comprehend. He'd known Victor wouldn't press charges on him; not out of care for Sherlock but to protect his own actions from exposure. If he’d pressed charges, Sherlock's abuse at his hands would inevitably come out. Worse yet to Victor's mind would be publicly admitting that Sherlock had got the better of him in a physical fight. Victor prides himself on being the strong, powerful and in control one; not the victim but the victimizer. His ego couldn't bear the humiliation of admitting to being beat up by his boyfriend.
John is on his side, one arm folded to prop up his own head on the pillow and the other resting lightly on his stomach. He is smiling that incandescent, warm smile, and his eyes sparkle in the low light.
John's eyes narrow slightly as he scans Sherlock. He tilts his head, pressing his lips together. “You remember something, don't you?”
He takes a moment more to center himself with a deep breath in and out before getting on with his routine.
"Listen," John says, stepping a bit closer. "I know we've not got off to a great start, but I'd like…" John shifts from one foot to the other and balls his hands into fists, determined to push through. "I'd like if we could be friends, Sherlock."
“Yes. Go talk to her.” Sherlock waves his hand dismissively. He’s made it to the lift and he swipes a card against the security pad and presses the button. I narrow my eyes on the security badge suspiciously - we hadn’t been given a card.
She nods decisively, a brown locke from her perfectly styled hair straying across her forehead. “It’s a date, Sherl.” She winks at him and then turns to walk away, hips swaying and high heels clicking on the concrete as she clutches her fur cape.
John grins mischievously. “You seem like a decent fellow, I'd hate to have to
John looks over at the door, then back at Sherlock with his eyebrows raised in question. Obviously, Sherlock's has
He had taken control and all but demanded that Sherlock lay there beneath him. He had practically forced himself on the man, hadn’t he? He’d taken Sherlock’s needed therapeutic calming method and used it against him for
“Get the internal paddles ready, may need to shock him,” Watson barks out.
... You’re
Sherlock. Time to-”
As John stared down at the somewhat angelic figure sleeping on the sofa he struggled to box in that sensation that made his body hum like a live wire. It was growing stronger each time it returned. More than friendship, fondness or affection, yet different than raw lust or attraction.
Sherlock pauses. “It wouldn't be much different in
“Not your gun?”
"Your case. I'll take it." As if to punctuate this Sherlock flips his collar up and briskly strides to the door, grabbing the handle of the pink case as he goes.
"Wait, Sherlock! Sherlock? Hear me out," John calls through the door. “I want to talk.”
“What's he on about?” Lestrade inquires moving to John's shoulder and directing a puzzled stare down the alley towards the tall, dark figure striding away. Owing to the late (now early) hour he appears tired, the bags apparent under his eyes and the worry creases well defined on his face. His silver hair is disheveled as if he has run his hands through it a few too many times.
really known.
Molly gasps and both Sherlock and Irene look at her sharply, as if they've just discovered her eavesdropping.
"That's my number," John mumbles, confused. "How’d you-" John steps around Sherlock to his desk and picks up his own mobile.
John turns towards Lestrade, who has his hands on his hips with an expression that is a mix of incredulous disbelief and irritation. He obviously isn't happy that Sherlock might not come.
“Yes,” he says in something like wonder. He had, albeit unintentionally, shared his deepest pain and darkest secret with John and John had not turned away. He had responded with kindness and empathy. Somehow, in the face of such honest compassion, the shame and fear could not survive.
“Son-of-a-bitch, can’t even kiss you proper,” John curses, turning his head away. Sherlock pants into his shoulder, entire body aflame from that wild, not-quite kiss.
He starts to type and, for a few tense seconds, I think he might not answer. Then he replies flatly, as if it is the most natural thing in the world, “Of course.”
It is a resounding,
They are sliding their lips together in deep kisses that part Sherlock's lips when John's tongue first darts out to taste at Sherlock's lips. Sherlock is so startled that his mouth snaps shut, nipping John's lip between his teeth in the process. He expects immediate anger but instead John giggles, burying his face into Sherlock's shoulder.
She hums as if considering this as she shuffles around the kitchen, tidying. “Do you wonder why?"
His stare sharpens and he searches my face for a moment. Then his gaze flicks to the building behind me. I ease back a little, reminded that the CCTV cameras are always watching. However, I don’t let go.
The silence stretches so long that Sherlock reluctantly opens his eyes. He finds John, apparently frozen, his eyes resting on the prominent bulge at his groin, and with his face contorted in what appears to he a mixture of confusion and shock.
When his mind comes back to the present, John is still caressing the marks he made on Sherlock’s flesh and Sherlock can tell by the touch and the harsher nasal tones of John's breathing that the sight of these injuries disturbs him That twists something awful in Sherlock's stomach. He quickly discovered the first day he met John that he has an uncomfortable aversion to disappointing him… as well as an addiction to drawing words of awe and praise from the otherwise reserved soldier.
“Go.” His voice is flat again; inhuman. “The police will be here soon. I don’t have the pull I once did. If they find you here with hands like that-” His pale, thin fingers are trembling as they press into Victor’s neck, checking for a pulse. Victor’s whole face is a bloody, unidentifiable mess.
reaction.
"You've triggered him. He's not ready. Put him back." Says the foreign voice, but it's coming from Sherlock's mouth.
His senses were well acquainted with the different elements of the figure curled against him. The sometimes intimate nature of being flatmate, sidekick and doctor to Sherlock meant he knew his scent, the feeling of his skin, the sound of his breathing, but his mind reeled, trying to comprehend how these familiar things had taken a new peculiar form. The scent that was so familiar was now heady and intoxicating. The rumbling voice, now deeper and breathier, was caught in something between a moan and a growl.
is an understatement. It's not as if things were
but it seems that the conversation jumped the track and I can't make my mind follow it.
“It seems you are in luck… Victor Trevor came through surgery and is awake. He was informed of your confession but is refusing to press charges against you… can't identify anyone else. You are free to go, Sherlock.”
“I can’t, John,” he says into the darkness. John does not stir, but his eyebrows lift slightly.
He felt a familiar mixture of fondness and exasperation at the realization that, in all likelihood, Sherlock failed to see any difference between John being his emergency ‘shock blanket’ during a crisis and insisting his companion stop everything and cover him when he was apparently just in need of a casual kip. Of course these types of implied boundaries and appropriate social norms would not be common sense to Sherlock.
"Mycroft," I acknowledge, barely glancing at him as I take in the stately interior. It's subtle luxury; real leather, fine wood panels, and soft accent lighting - this must be Mycroft's
John and Sherlock look at each other a long second and then they both brake down in a fit of laughter.
Instead, Sherlock's gaze slips down to the gaping wound again and his expression darkens.
“Please. Please. Please...” Sherlock can barely speak but he forces those words out. He releases his grip on his own cock and that is all it takes to send him tumbling. He feels John tipping over too; roaring and arching, pulsing so deep inside him. He can't focus through the implosion of his own orgasm. His body clenches tightly around John, as the bliss washes over him in fire and light; obliterating everything he ever thought he knew about his physical form's capacity to experience pleasure.
Sherlock's desperation leads to an intimate encounter in the dark of night. But the pinning and fantasizing detective can't believe the long awaited act is real.
"Semantic satiation. It loses all meaning. Empty utterances. A neural sedative, killing the receptors ability to derive meaning through inundation. It signifies nothing," Sherlock's tone has gone bitter, his words are edged with the pain from his struggle to get to his feet.
John shifts in his seat, glancing down at his gray cabled jumper. It is one of his better jumpers; understated but fitting well in the shoulders and arms. The color brings out the blue in his eyes.
and I won’t give it back in exchange for such a pittance as your apology. Do what you will with
She winks and turns back to Mary, smiling salaciously.
, John won't even wake. Sherlock will just observe, collect data, then leave. John can hardly object to
“Janine?”
“Thank you,” I add, plastering on a kind smile, feeling as though I should compensate for Sherlock's rudeness. She tips her head in a nod and a little smile curls up the corner of her mouth.
He glances up at the patient’s face, studying it for a moment.
“Wait... Andy,
He flips over onto his back and closes his eyes as he surrenders to it. His mind drifts up through the cracked, plaster ceiling, through the wooden floor and through the bed to the sleeping ex-soldier above. He calls him down until he can feel the man's weight settle on top of him.
” Sherlock has observed enough couples to identify a certain dynamic. She is certainly communicating a type of ownership by touching him repeatedly, blocking his path, leaning into his space. However, John’s signals contradict this; he is leaning away and looking past her with his arms folded over his chest in a closed-off manner.
“Come on, then. Lie flat,” John encourages. His hand is warm and firm as he flattens his palm against Sherlock’s outer thigh. Sherlock stares at the hand. It feels like it is searing through the thin layer of fabric, branding him. That electric prickle is racing over his skin again, making him want to squirm. He shuffles his feet together to try to dissapate it.
In my chest.
“Have you got cash?” Old habits die hard and if he is going to sit there and pretend he hasn't been pummeling someone just moments before I walked in I'm hardly going to be the first to tip my hand by sharing the details of how they've decided to come after me.
I've not been invited but I am up on my feet chasing after him before I have a chance to stop myself. I can only hope that this is his way of saying he means to help me after all.
"It's only temporary," she says, eyes still on my application. I hesitate a moment, uncertain if she's speaking to me. "Maternity leave."
" Lestrade looks between the two of them.
existence but, for a desperate moment, it feels more feasible than facing the emotional fallout of confronting John.
… I had a lot going on… at home.” John scratches his eyebrow, looking agitated. He lifts his gaze to meet Sherlock's and his eyes are hard; closed off. He gives a small shake of his head back and forth, indicating that Sherlock isn’t allowed to broach
John's trust in him has always come with an uneasy swirling in his gut. Something he vaguely understands as
John turns his hands with his palms out and affects a small shrug. "Why not?" He takes a step forward and adds, "Curiosity. Company. Make sure you don't get worse." He says it like Sherlock can choose whichever excuse he'd like, which only makes Sherlock wonder what John's real reason is and why he won't say it.
I am thinking of army mate, RJ, who has a brother-in-law that does forensic accounting. I am thinking that he owes me a favor for that thing in Kabul, when my mind immediately snaps back to attention the moment I step in the flat.
“You owe me
“Yes, what?”
John steps back.
"I was concerned there may be someone injured, sir," I say solemnly. I'm standing in military parade rest and I keep my words crisp and confident. Dimmock's eyes catch on mine and I hold them until he clears his throat and looks away.
Sherlock huffs and straightens his spine. "That's absurd. I'm
That is where he is when Sherlock enters the room like an explosion.
"Sherlock," John's voice hisses.
His mind drifts.
“We’ve been through a lot,” Gary says, continuing to stare at Billy with deep fondness. “Made some stupid mistakes too.”
Sherlock waits until the sound of the door slamming shut echos through the poolhouse then looks around, a cold shudder running up his spine. He stares at the wall John had crouched against, recalling the look on his face, the sparkle in his eyes as they laughed at their near-miss. His insides had been all twisted up, fear and love, hate and gratitude. He’d simultaneously wanted to kiss John and run as far away as possible so he never had to feel so vulnerable again.
Hopkins. I lost every single one of them. Burned them all out of me... It was just a trick. There is no magic code that changes it all back.
“Stupid thing was, I was trying to protect him and instead... Well, he was bloody near devastated when we all thought you jumped. Two years Boss rarely went home; nearly slept in his office. If he wasn't there he was drinking, alone, at some bar. Not a wonder his wife got lonely. It was like he thought he had to punish himself, make himself miserable, 'cause he'd somehow failed you.”
Why is he doing this?
"Didn't have a mother, I had minders."
Sherlock turns his head to look up at John, prepared to protest. A sensation suddenly thrusts itself upon him from his memory.
Gazing at his own naked form, he notes all of the flaws of his body now, glaringly apparent in his own eyes. Without the armour of his clothes, he feels remarkably young and vulnerable. It is not a sensation he enjoys.
“A perfectly adequate assessment of
Sherlock stares, unwavering, into John's mercurial blue eyes. Able to hold the stark fury of the sea during a storm or the warmth of the richest blue summer sky, those eyes have been accosting him with their brooding heat all day. Sherlock thrives within the hurricane fury of John's bellowing rages. The electric thrill of setting himself against
” Andy tilts his head in consideration.
"Come back after 4." She puts down the clipboard on the desk and picks up a file.
“Of course not,” Sherlock snaps, whirling around. “You’re an idiot.”
"... Apparently, some people find that sort of thing
things out of an extraordinary being who constantly defied expectations. John has gone back to just letting things unfold and waiting for Sherlock to reveal things on his own terms.
But if you did, I think you’d be runnin’ about even.”
It is like a gun being shot. Victor slams Sherlock against the brick wall with such violent force that Sherlock goes limp for a moment. “
I almost object out of defensive reflex but she holds up her hand to stop me as she fixes me in her no-nonsense stare. "Let's not waste time, John. We both know you wouldn't be here if
fine, Sherlock.”
Every time he feels his heart speed up, he backs his thoughts away and makes himself focus on the heat and the pressure of the body above him and how it blocks out the rest of the world. He falls asleep with his mind doing a slow waltz towards the idea of John Watson.
He lets his eyes slide closed and lets himself feel the body pressing down on him. He lets himself consider how it will feel to have those now limp hands caress him with intention, purpose, desire.
makes Sherlock want to tear it to shreds.
"Sorry, did you want something?" I snap. "Why are you trying to break into my room?"
John grunting and reeling from the blow; expression of shock and alarm transforming into anger.
The secretary, almost hidden behind the imposing desk in front of us, is gazing up at me with interest. She's apparently been momentarily distracted from the task she’d been occupied with since we'd arrived of typing rapidly and listening to whomever is on the other end of the phone.
“Woah. Wait.” John's eyes are wide in shock as he rises to his feet as well. He tries to reach for Sherlock to steady him but Sherlock flicks his hand away and shoots him a scathing glare. He stands straight and tall, with every inch of his expression screaming that if John tries to touch him he risks being struck down. John raises his hands in a semblance of surrender.
With an exasperated groan, Sherlock lets his head drop forward and his eyes slide closed. John's
His flesh is afire. He may well be spontaneously combusting.
Sherlock stares down at John's golden head bent before his lap, John's tongue poking at the corner of his lip in concentration, his sturdy, competent, nimble fingers working the knot loose... and it's all
” spits Sherlock irritably. He pulls his sheet a little tighter around himself as if the very thought of his sibling chills him.
that he underestimates me and can't fathom that I’ve solved it when him and his team could not. I take a calculate risk, subtly copping to the lesser crime; a tactic I'd seen both Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock employ. I try to appear subtly nervous, hands balling and eyes blinking a bit too much. Exactly what he would expect of a man doing a poor job trying to cover a guilty secret.
It's the gestures and the way she's looking at him now that snaps something into place within his brain and he finally recalls where he'd seen her before. She's the woman from the courtyard - the one who came over from sitting with Sherlock and used these very same moves on Mary. He tips his chin down and glares at her.
“God, Sherlock, I want to…” John is on his feet beside the bed before Sherlock can gather himself to protest. “Listen, this isn't- We shouldn’t-”
One strong hand slides from his cheek to neck, goosebumps prickling up across the flesh in it's wake, before it slides up into his hair, intertwining through the curls there at the base of his skull. Shimmering sparks of electricity shoot over Sherlock's scalp and down the length of his spine, electrifying his whole body. His heart lurches; part fear and part exhilaration. His pulse beats faster and his body throbs painfully in something resembling a deep, hollowed-out pang of hunger. It's
of ourselves... There are people that still care.... I miss you, Sherlock. The
John may not have Sherlock’s superhuman intelligence, but he has always been quick to learn and not repeat mistakes. He had long ago concluded that his interest was unwelcome. After a miserably failed attempt at subtly flirting during their first dinner, John restrained his feelings and squashed all signs of interest. After all, Sherlock consistently expresses nothing but disdain for sex and romance generally and a complete lack of interest in John
The inspection continues with the other foot. After several moments, Sherlock stands up quickly. John freezes as Sherlock suddenly leans in, his face hovering right by John's. They're almost cheek to cheek, then Sherlock turns in towards John and inhales sharply through his nose. He leans back with his eyes narrowing on John.
"Oh. Right…" I shift back on my heels, thrown off balance by the briskness and ease of this. "Okay, yeah. 4pm." I nod and just stare for a moment, a little at a loss. However, my awkwardness goes unnoticed since she is already turning to the receptionist. “Send back Ms. Foster.” And then she’s off, striding down the hall.
Sherlock scrambles to his feet. He rips the dark blue dressing gown from the hook on the back of the door and wraps it around himself. The cool, feather-light brush of silk on his hot and sensitive skin makes him shudder. He is trembling and he can’t even begin to stop himself because the soft brush of fabric against his skin is
” Lestrade says waving a hand in exasperation. “She’s your
Sherlock doesn’t return my gaze.
“Yes’ well…” Sherlock mutters. He pushes his drenched curls back out of his eyes, huffing when they flop right back down again. His gaze sweeps over John, seeking some scathing observation to throw back at him.
Sitting there across from Sherlock at Angelo’s, he had immediately started to bristle at being misunderstood by Sherlock but then he recognized the compliment buried in the somewhat timid rejection and he actually felt...
“It’s really
He scowls and attempts to quickly deflect the focus back on John. "I was just observing that you did not go on your date last night, you slept in your clothes on the couch, and you masturbated in the shower this morning.” Sherlock blinks, regret smacking him down immediately. He knows his own face must mirror John’s expression of shock.
It was a fate worse than death to survive to see yourself outlive your purpose. It was a battle he knew he couldn’t possibly win again because it had never been him that won it in the first place. It had been Sherlock. Sherlock had taken his hollowed out husk of body and poured purpose back into it.
“You have access to his files. You, no doubt, know more than I about the man.”
choosing to eat or sleep only when it did not conflict with intellectual pursuits, John had every reason to conclude that Sherlock did the same with his
that that day would end with his death; be it at his own or Victor’s hands. The last two weeks here have been like drifting through a fog. Now, for the first time in a very long time, 221b might actually be home again.
"Brilliant idea, mate." Sebastian's eyes shift to me with that falsely jovial tone, and a too large grin. "Right, lead on," he says with a tick of his head in the direction of the loo. I'd rather not turn my back on the smarmy bastard, nor leave Sherlock behind with him, but I can't justify being rude. I turn and lead the way, feeling a strange tension in Sebastian's gaze on the center of my back as he follows close behind.
