“So, I’m just going to come out here and ask you, because I don’t like you and I don’t feel like giving you my A-game of manipulation: what did you do to Steve?”
“Even if I have other babies. You were my first baby. When I had you,” her throat flexes, “when I had you, I didn’t know if I could be a mother. You know, I’ve told you that your
“You already got my cock, though, baby. You really want it again?”
Collaborator Name: Simi
like them.”
“It was me,” Tony blurts out.
“Your destination, sir,” Steve says, crouching low so that Tony can slip off his back.
Tony colours. “That is none of your business.”
“You know, that blonde lady, with the little boy, the only who always wears six-inch heels and a bodycon dress to drop her kid off at school?”
, Tony realises.
Finally, Pepper lunges forward and switches off the television at the power point, and there’s blessed silence at last.
“Bucky, I-”
Tony lies down on the lone throw-rug in the boiler room, near the warm heater-oven.
Tony nods against James’ collarbone, unable to articulate words.
Poor, stupid, desperate Tony, always looking for someone to love him, having the temerity to think that two men, two good, decent men could possibly love him.
“I love you, Tony,” Steve pants. “I love you, I’ve always loved you. I’ll always
“Yeah, well, that was hours ago, and I’m a growing boy who needs a lot of sex in my life, okay?”
Natasha climbs to her feet. “Okay, so, what are we watching?”
Wanda tugs on his hand with surprising strength for someone who’d just been unconscious for the last couple of hours.
He hesitates for an agonising moment, before offering Tony his arm, which Tony takes gratefully, sliding his hand inside the crook of his elbow to rest on his muscled forearm.
; instead, he grins back at Steve in a way that makes Tony melt on the inside, like all he’s made of is cotton candy.
“They’re with Sam and Wanda. I didn’t think they should see this,” Steve says, lowly.
“I think…” Steve takes a deep breath, feels the ugly thing in his ribcage, that strange blend of grief and resentment that has now become a creature comfort to him in the days that have passed since Tony died, settle. “I don’t think it would be a good idea for me to do it.”
. I can’t do it, Tony, I can’t. That monster hurt you; he hurt you right under our noses. Your father brought him to our house, and I welcomed him, and we were all party to it, we should have seen what was happening, and we couldn’t spare you what he did to you, Tony, we couldn’t, but we could sure as hell make sure he
,” she says, wearily.
“Well, in that case, they’re reading at a third-grade level and way ahead of what they would normally be in kindergarten. That’s an immense accomplishment for how old they are,” Ms Lewis says, earnestly. She peers down at her log. “Well, they can answer comprehension questions; they can identify and write their numbers and count sets. They’re good with their shapes. They follow all the class rules. They listen attentively. They stay on their task; they don’t get distracted, and they can work independently. Look, I’d say they’re completely on track, even flourishing.”
Steve lifts an eyebrow.
That night, he returns to Toni’s penthouse. She’s on the couch, in lounge wear, a shirt that he’s fairly certain is one of his, and a pair of black sweatpants. Her hair is up in a high bun, exposing the long, lean line of her throat.
Steve is just more of the same.
Tony closes his eyes, covering his face with his hand. “Oh, dear God.”
“What happened?”
And then, he sees him.
“Okay, so, something has come up,” Steve goes onto say, “and we might have to go and
Hodge steps forward, and Agent Carter corrects his posture.
Toni stared at her lovers, and then, made a grab for the ring box lying in Bucky’s palm. She flicked it open.
Tony takes a deep, steadying breath. “I’m Jewish,” he blurts out, wringing his hands together. “On my father’s side. It’s not something… it’s not something that I am very open about. Things aren't great for us here either. I’m not… I don’t practice, I’m Hindu, I practice Hinduism. It’s a lot easier to hide than my colour, which I inherited from my bearer, but yes, I am Jewish.” He looks away. “It is very difficult,” he says, carefully. “Living here, hearing the things that are happening across the sea to people like me,
“It’s not something that’s going to be solved in one session, so I’m willing to table it for now. But do you accept that Steve considers that you are perfect for him?”
“That doesn’t mean that you deserve to be talked about like you’re a piece of meat,” he argues.
At the end of the bar, the Nazi that Tony had knocked out had come back to consciousness. He shakes out his head, then reaches inside his coat and pulls out a Mauser pistol. Steve smashes a chair over the head of the Giant Nazi and the huge creature finally goes down. The other Nazi points his Mauser through the smoke and flame at Steve, but Tony snatches his pistol from the shelf of alcohol that was now more glass and petrol stains than anything else. He swings around and shoots the Nazi in the back of the head.
pretending I am so that you can justify the shit that you’ve done to me.” He shakes his head. “What I can promise you is that if she comes here again, if she comes anywhere around
,” Steve protests.
“I’m gonna go for the
“Fuck,” Tony says, realising that the blood is coming from four shallow cuts stretching out across the plane of his abdomen. “Fuck, you’re bleeding.”
“It was about missions,” Steve says, almost dazed. He shakes his head. “You made connections where a lot of people would make connections,” Steve tells him, solemnly. “You didn’t make as many mistakes that you think, Tony.”
“But you… God, Tony, you lied to me too, you know? The, uh, the time when Bucky clearly came over and left that bracelet on the sink-”
He knows how it sounds, how it must look like to someone on the outside; to everyone else, Tony and Steve seem perfect, the perfect couple with the perfect children and the perfect life. You have to actually be in the marriage to see it rot.
“I did,” Tony murmurs.
“Yes, you were,” she accuses. “I just saw you. Why weren’t you sleeping in your room?”
“You know you’re meant for more than this,” he whispers.
Steve struggles with it, of course, with the sudden onset of a daily routine with medication and surgeries that require bedrest and recovery, and it doesn’t help that he can’t sequester himself in the gym and beat the shit out of a couple of punching bags, which leads him to therapy.
Ms Lewis considers him for a moment. “Can I ask
Hodge scurries back into formation, and Phillips stands before the men.
Before he can finish, Obadiah pushes on.
His tone is awkward like the words are odd coming out of him and he knows it, and Tony doesn’t remember his father ever acting so fatherly before.
“I really promise, guys. Nothing could take me away from you,” James murmurs, coming around the other side so that he can take the twins in his arms.
Luckily, Steve has connections within SHIELD that point to a therapist who knows her shit and knows about the things that SHIELD does behind the scenes.
Steve, while a success back in the United States, doesn’t find the admiration amongst the solders here at the front, all battle-hardened and more interested in the scantily clad omegas than Steve’s show.
He stumbles to his feet.
Steve nods, miserably.
Tony sinks his teeth into his lower lip, a lascivious sort of look in his eyes, and waits as Steve drags his knuckles up the inside of his thigh, until the pads of his fingers, slick with lube, find his rim, pressing insistently at the furled skin, and then, Tony parts for him like he’s a ripe peach ready to be seeded and eaten.
you. I was
to leave. And you didn’t just leave; you resigned from the university; you dumped your apartment, and you dumped
He’s hot, he knows that, and there’s a reason he was voted Sexiest Man Alive for years and years and years, but he’s not
Steve frowns. “Oh?” he says, his voice attempting to hide the hurt.
He grunts at the stretch and burn, which drags the air out of his lungs, considering how long it’s been since they’d done this, and he’d tightened up since then. He lets his eyes open and then, flutter shut, at the pressure of Steve’s blunt fingers up inside him, knuckle-deep, clenching around him.
He breathes, slow and deep, and smiles in triumph.
want it to and for a much better reason than you were just putting to me. If you were okay with being with me this morning, when you looked like a fucking god and I was nothing compared to you, then, I am fine with being with you
“What is this?” he demands, sick to his stomach. “What the fuck is this, Steve?”
Steve drags his pale eyes down the length of Tony’s body, pausing on his dark nipples, the curve of his clavicle, the thatch of dark hair at the base of his groin, his half-hard cock, and his feet.
Tony stares at him.
Their earlier argument lies forgotten, as Tony takes advantage of his husband’s full, undivided attention on him and his body in what seems like a hundred years.
the one that’s been fucking your secretary.”
“I’ll go and see Wanda. You stay here with the kids,” Tony declares and stands.
“Steve,” Tony says, surprised.
He falls short of what he was going to say.
Steve smooths his hand over his hair, and Tony feels something loosening in his chest. Steve releases him and moves onto his brother, clasping hands with him.
you.”
“Nobody’s home,” he comments.
“You were screaming,” Tony points out. “Both of you, we could hear you. That’s why we came running.”
But he doesn’t hesitate to come back towards Tony.
That morning, Tony wakes up in his normal manner; FRIDAY tells him the time and then, she tells him the date, and it’s like a rush of cold water over his head, because Tony had forgotten.
Tony shudders a little. “Oh, no, my parents are going to
“That won’t be necessary,” he finally says.
“Fuck,” Sam declares.
“The serum will cause immediate cellular change. In order to prevent uncontrolled growth, the subject will then be saturated with Vita Rays.”
“You are going to make me ruin my mascara, and then, Pepper will absolutely kill you,” she says, roughly.
“What about James?” Maushmi asks, suspiciously, like she’s already expecting the worst.
“Sir–” he begins.
“James didn’t hurt him,” Tony says, sounding out the words carefully.
“I think he should learn ballet.”
“Okay, Appa,” come the two high, lilting voices from his children.
“Appa,” Maushmi says, frankly. “You’re talking too much again.”
He hasn’t felt this warm in years.
Tony’s mouth quirks up in a brief, pale copy of a smile. “I understand,” he says, lightly, and takes a drag of his wine glass.
“But you came back,” Steve says, his voice thin and taut.
Steve stares at him, his face so unbearably soft. “Yeah, I think you’re right.” He looks away. “You’re unfulfilled?”
“I only came to Tony, because I was worried about him, because I thought he needed to be warned about something that might come and hurt him, hurt his family, and because, yeah, I needed his fucking help,” James says, and he’s angry now, Steve has made him angry. “If I’d managed to get rid of HYDRA, which I would have if you hadn’t been following me and watching me, then, I’d never have made contact. Despite what you may think, I’m not a fucking glutton for punishment. There was no way that I was going to stick around to watch more happy days between some guy and the only person that brought light into my life after years of
Major Tags: Raiders of the Lost Ark AU, Violence, Nazis.
“Tony,” he corrects.
his marriage-”
“Yeah, pretty much.” Steve pauses. “You didn’t think I’d leave you alone tonight, did you?”
“Why me?” Tony asks, gaping at him in disbelief.
Miss Lewis nods.
Toni’s eyes light up, and she jumps to her feet, tablet abandoned. “Yes, yes, let’s go,” she insists, linking her hand with his and pulling him to his feet. “I’ve been thinking about that all day. You had me wet and leaking your come when I threw that heel of mine by the way. It was great.”
“Missed the rush of doing something with myself,” Tony says, quietly. “I have… I guess I’ve spent so long being a father, a stay-at-home father at that, that I’d forgotten what it was like to have that rush, to fight the bad guys, to be a part of something bigger than myself.”
“Uh, Steve,” Tony says, his voice sliding high and unsure, looking at the wall in question, which looks just like the others.
Tony pads down the stairs towards the kitchen, where he can hear the noise coming from him, the twins chattering in their high, thin voices and Steve interjecting the appropriate responses every now and then.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Steve says, worriedly. “I mean, Agent Carter, I understand why you came, but Tony–”
He doesn’t think that helps him.
Slut though he may be, at least he’s learning new things about himself.
Steve looks down at his clothes. “Do I need to change for where we’re going?” he asks, warily.
“Tony, I–”
Tony shouts, and he wakes up in his bed, convulsing under his sheets, looking around wildly at his bedroom, his very normal bedroom with comfortable Egyptian cotton sheets, with an insane thread count, his stacks of physics books, DUM-E sleeping in the corner, a desk that has no sense of organisation.
Steve pales, Phillips’ words sinking in, and Tony’s hands twitch, ready to help Steve if his legs fail him, but Steve pulls himself together, staring at a map of Austria on the wall, alongside aerial photos of a facility.
Tony peers up at him, his mind feeling as though it’s filled with cotton, and then, his expression flattens.
Steve reaches out and grasps Tony’s hand, solid and warm, and just slightly damp with sweat. Tony looks at him, sees the love in his pale blue eyes, and breathes in tandem with him.
sexy if one of the participants is in pain or discomfort or any of those things, and that applies to both of us, okay? If the positions were switched, or if we just time travelled to last night when we fucked, wouldn’t you have been mindful if I said the reactor was giving me problems, or I couldn’t breathe, or my chest was hurting?”
“I could’ve done it, Steve. I know it makes me sound like a fucking freak who has absolutely no self-esteem whatsoever, but I could’ve done it. I could’ve looked the other way. I could’ve continued to sit at home and take care of the kids and cook you dinner and be your convenient whore whenever you want me to be and force alone time with you on my fucking birthday like I’m your Victorian cousin that you hate and can’t bear to touch, while you fuck Natasha Romanoff whenever you please. I could’ve turned a blind eye as much as you wanted me to, and I could’ve fluttered at the edge of you to make sure that you’re satisfied, that you don’t suddenly blow up because of something that I did and leave me and leave us, even when you fucking paraded her right in front of my eyes, even when you probably laugh about poor, pathetic me and the shit I did to keep you interested with
James’ smile turns a little more genuine at the corners. “Yeah?”
“-I’m the only one who can clear your name,” James finishes for him, closing his eyes, freeing Tony of the weight of his stare.
issues, no one else’s. And I’m still struggling with them.”
“Do you consider that he is perfect for
“Natasha would never do anything which isn’t SHIELD’s interests,” he goes on to say.
“Oh, my God, you stole that from me,” Tony says, aghast.
“She gave me marriage advice. Can you even fucking believe that?” he demands, incredulously.
“Did you think that I was pathetic? Is that why you did it?” Tony demands, his voice curdling in the air once it’s spoken. “Did you think that I was so desperate for love, for any show of affection from you or anyone else, that I just wouldn’t care what you were doing on the side? That I would let you screw around on me because I couldn’t bear the idea of you leaving me? That I would take everything you gave me, because I am so fucking
? No, I won’t have it.”
Tony coughs, his chest rattling with the effort, and he struggles to climb to his feet. His legs give out before he can manage it, so he ends up on his hands and knees.
The door opens, and Steve is standing on the other side, in a robe – it’s enough of a difference from that last time with Grant that Tony finds the air coming easier into his lungs.
Grant hisses, clutching at the bleeding wound.
“That was for Pepper,” he snarls.
Natasha’s eyes flicker with surprise.
“Sir?”
“Morbid,” Steve comments.
Peter gasps, loudly. “But you said that Bucky was
“You look so pretty like this,” he says, hushed.
“It’s you, just you,” Tony gasps out, digging his teeth into the muscled curve of Steve’s shoulder, raking his nails down his back. “God, Steve, you’re the only one who can do this to me, I swear. I could never have this with anyone else.”
“You’re seeing him right now, Appa,” Peter reminds him, slow, like he thinks Tony is stupid.
“No,” Tony says, sternly. “Don’t. You have no proof.”
“As is done,” Tony points out. “I, my wealth, my body, my honour, all of me belongs to Lord Stane, now that my father is dead, and tomorrow, all of me shall belong to you.”
Tony lifts an eyebrow.
Some of the recruits chuckle, but the alpha from the fair remains unimpressed, as well as Agent Carter.
Steve’s eyes don’t leave him, as he goes on.
“I sent James away that morning, and after I dropped the kids off at school, I went to his apartment. I was angry at him, really fucking angry at him, and most of that day was spent… airing out a lot of issues that we had. I was hurt that he left me, and he was hurt that I was married, and we spent a lot of that day screaming at each other and arguing. But finally, he told me why he came back. HYDRA had chased him all over the world, after what happened in Massachusetts, and he’d left to keep me out of it, because he knew HYDRA wanted me after I helped James. HYDRA finally cornered him in Bucharest, and he fought them, fought all of them, and there was one left. The guy got away, made it back to the States, and so, James returned as well. He wanted to see me because he was scared that the HYDRA guy that got away would come after me. Apparently, during the fight in Bucharest, the guy spotted a photo of me and him that James had in his apartment, something from one of those town fairs they used to do in Cambridge, remember? You, me, Steve, Wanda, we used to go on double dates there all the time?”
Tony doesn’t know how to finish that sentence without throwing up.
better. The Strategic Scientific Reserve is an Allied effort, made up of the best minds in the free world. Our goal is to create the finest army in history. But every army starts with one man. By the end of this week, we’re going to choose that man. He’s going to be the first of a new breed of super soldiers. And they are personally going to escort Adolf Hitler to the gates of hell.”
“It’s not fair,” Pepper says, finally saying what Steve has had on a loop in his brain since he first watched Tony collapse after snapping his fingers. “It shouldn’t have been him.”
Tony stares at him for a moment and turns his head. “I’m done here,” he says, definitively, grabbing his clothes from where they litter the ground.
“You can’t do that,” he says, pathetically earnest. “You can’t say that to me.”
Tony’s hands are shaking as he runs.
Steve blinks slow and wide at him. “Yeah,” he says, hardly daring hope.
Natasha’s face falls, but she recovers quickly. “Look, I know I’m not innocent here-”
“You coming to bed or what?” he asks. “Cause you were the one who was very clear about me needing better sleeping habits.”
,” Toni says, breathlessly, one hand gripping his shoulder, the other on the headboard. “God, you’re such a fucking freak, I swear. You look like a nice boy, but you’re just fucking filthy in all the right ways.”
“No!” Tony says, his voice sliding high and punching out. “No, really, I'm fine. I'll go straight home. I'm okay.”
Steve, on the other hand, could sleep easy knowing that his husband, too stupidly in love with a guy that blissfully and guiltlessly cheats on him constantly, wasn’t going to fuck anyone else, because there wasn’t anyone good enough to fuck.
“Yes, yes, I know, you’re both strapping cuts of beefcake, and I should be worshipping you at your respective altars,” Tony says, sarcastically, “but if you don’t stop eating all the chips in the house, well, then, you’re going to become pudgy, and I’ll stop having sex with you.”
“Steve,” Tony says, quietly, placing a hand on his chest, fingers curling in the lapel of his coat. “I am sure. I wouldn’t have asked if I wasn’t sure.”
“And you know it’s the fucking truth,” James replies.
“You were
He leaves Stone there, tied up, soaked in blood, his eyes open and numb and blank.
“Nothing happened,” Tony says, defensively. “Nothing happened between us. I just… I just wanted an explanation. I wanted to know why he left, why he came back. I haven’t…” he drags his hand over his face. “I haven’t thought about James in years, Wanda, haven’t thought about my feelings for him since I fell in love with Steve, and then, the second that I saw him again, it was like… it was like I was still that teenager at college, it was like I hadn’t left, hadn’t stopped loving James for a second. I wanted to know. I thought… I don’t know if I could’ve gone through the rest of the day without knowing.”
“No, no, you’re lying to me,” Steve insists, “or rather, you are keeping something from me.”
“Okay, I’m going to take out the bugs from the jar in a couple of minutes,” Tony explains, putting his headset into his ear and unlocking his phone. “And when I do, I need you to act normal for it, because they’re probably listening in right now. I’ll hack into it while you keep talking, and I should be able to reverse the feed.”
Only sluts do things like lick come off their hand after getting an alpha off.
Strong hands grasp Tony by the shoulders, and for a moment, Tony believes it to be his alpha, remembering the way that Lord Steven had held him at their bonding ceremony, but then, he looks up at that sly smile, and he realises that it’s Grant Rogers looking down at him.
Steve is waiting for him.
Tony sighs, cracking his neck, which aches.
Thor grins to himself.
Tony sees Sarah lingering in the doorway, and she embraces him, tightly, when she sees him coming towards. He clutches at her for a moment – she’s known him for his entire life; he’s dating her son; they’re practically family at this stage.
“His family?”
Maushmi’s face is suddenly shiny with tears. “Appa, I’m scared,” she sobs.
Tony comes like that, pleasure tearing through him like a knife, and he spills all over Steve’s belly. He sags against Steve’s body, but Steve’s hips snap forward, rutting into him, and Tony just watches him, watches his face, slack with pleasure, the lust on his face, eyes dilated and fixated solely on Tony, as he grunts softly with each thrust inside Tony’s body, a wet, squelching noise echoing through the air as slick rushes down Tony’s thighs and onto his.
Tony’s throat flexes. “I do,” he says, softly.
And then, he drags him into the house, shutting the door with a twist of his hips.
“Why aren’t you sleeping?” she murmurs into his ribs, taut against the skin.
“Oh, so, now you respect my wealth,” Tony huffs, mock-affronted.
me. Hell, I still have feelings for Tiberius Stone, and he used to beat the shit out of me,” he lets out a laugh, harsh and grating. “Of course I love you, but I have a husband. I have a
Again and again, he just barely manages to elude the killer, leaping from his reach by inches each time. He makes it to his street, to the high, shadowing figure of the Stark Manor, and he tears across his front law, into the open front door of the manor, slamming it with all of his might.
“That is not helping me right now,” he hisses, fear like a fire in his throat.
“Nothing’s happened,” Tony blurts out.
He grits his teeth, and then, before he knows what he’s doing, he slamming the flat of his palm into James’ shoulder, making him lean back.
Steve purses his lips. “No, we don’t,” he says, heavily.
“We met when I was sixteen. You killed a guy at a frat party I was at, because he was, what, dragging this drunk girl up to a room and she was completely out of it, right?”
“You have never cared what I did with myself this whole time,” Tony points out. “I might have gotten mugged or bashed a thousand times over when I tried to pick up the kids. I might have been carjacked or shot at when picking up the fucking dry cleaning. You didn’t care. You only cared when you chose to come home at a normal time instead of the middle of the night like normal. Well, guess what, I don’t exist to be your doll, Steve. You don’t get to pull me out of the box whenever you want to play with me. That’s not how this works. I have my own fucking life, and I am entitled to leave this house whenever I fucking want.”
“I’m sorry,” Sam tells him, honestly, with no guile in his face at all. “I really am. And I am your friend, which means I should have told you, and I’m sorry I didn’t.”
“I sure as hell hope so,” Maushmi mutters.
“The killer's still loose, you know,” he says, dully.
. I think, any nuance or politeness aside, that would have been a much better way to find out than watching a video where your best friend chokes my mother to death,” Tony says, caustically.
“Spare me the fucking diatribe about what a great person the woman whom you’re cheating on me with is,” Tony retorts. “I’m not fucking interested.” His lip curls up in disgust. “I just pray that you used a fucking condom when you had sex with her, because we haven’t used them since we got married, and God knows who else she’s been sleeping with, and if you picked up some STD from her-”
Tony throws his arms around her, and then, pulls back, making his way over to his car, waving over his shoulder. He puts the car into drive the second he’s fully seated and drives all the way to James’ apartment.
is what his bearer would say.
Tony starts shaking his head, struggling. “No, Amma, please, please,” he gasps.
Wanda shrugs. “I think you’re conflating three separate issues. I think you’re having problems with your husband, and I can see why you would be having the problems from what you’re telling me; I think you’re having feelings for this man who I left you all those years ago, and it really affected you when he came back; and I think you’re taking those issues out on your relationship with your children, but you have a good relationship with them, Tony. You love them, and they love you; you’re seeing problems where there are none.”
He’s an idiot; he should go back home; he turns on his feet, and then, the door opens.
Tony chokes out a laugh. “Yeah fucking right,” he says with only the slightest hint of venom.
“I’m sure,” Tony says, faux sympathetically, tracing an absent pattern across Steve’s chest. “But I hope you feel that you sufficiently proved your point. Seriously, A+. Even I couldn’t have done it better myself. Hell, I
Peter looks up at Tony, apologetically.
of this,” he grinds out.
James lifts an eyebrow.
“Yeah, it was just so that I could start shooting up the place when you guys pissed me off enough,” Tony drawls. He looks over at Steve, who’s still staring at James like he’s a ghost (and if Steve’s belief is correct, then, he sort of is a ghost). “Steve? Honey, you okay?” he asks, softly.
James startles away, rising to his hips, and his eyes are more alert than Tony’s are, surveying the room in a clinical way, like he wants to reach for a weapon. He sees Tony beside him, naked and warm, and something in his face relaxes, as he wraps an arm around Tony’s waist.
“Amma tried to convince me not to. I said I’d sleep in study hall, but sleeping was a shitty idea.”
that I’m smarter than you, braver than you, and will do so much more than you, and
“She’s a friend of Daddy’s from work,” he explains, ruffling his hair. “You stay right here, and I’ll be right back, okay?”
“Hey,” Steve says, firmly, closing his hand around Tony’s jaw, purposefully. “We have a deal, remember? Don’t talk about yourself like that.”
know who Steve is anymore; the Steve that he married all those years ago, the Steve that he had children with would never have dreamed of carrying on an affair behind his back. The Steve that he knew would never have abandoned his family for someone else. The Steve that he knew would never have would have treated him like he was disposable, something to be hidden away at home like he was embarrassing. The Steve he knew, if he fell in love with someone else, would have been a man about it, would have come to him and told him to his fucking face that he was leaving him; he wouldn’t have hidden it, he wouldn’t have forced Tony to come to the miserable, awful, dreadful realisation on his own. The Steve he knew wouldn’t have treated him the way that he did, wouldn’t have fucked him just to prove a point, wouldn’t have thought him capable of screwing around on him.
, Tony wants to say, wants to cry out, wants to crawl between them and never leaves, and he thinks his body will give out from underneath him.
“Look, I have to be honest here, the concept of polyamory is… a complicated one. It’s not easy, I will warn you right off the bat. You both have the first step sorted; you’re willing to let someone into the relationship and be equal partners with the two of you. That’s where a lot of people fail. But things are more difficult for you from now on,” Eshe tells them.
Written for the "Found Family" square of the STB Bingo Round 1.
Tony grabs the nearest plush toy and throws it at Steve’s face. Steve retorts by grabbing another teddy bear and lobbing at it his head.
Steve smiles, showing a row of pearl-cut teeth. “Why don’t you come and sit on my lap, honey?” he croons, patting his thigh.
Maushmi nods, resting her head against Steve’s shoulder. “We have an open day tomorrow,” she explains, excitedly.
“Knew you’d want me tight, so I didn’t let anyone else inside me, sir,” Tony tells him, softly.
Steve nods.
“I had sex with him back then, and he looks just as hot as he was back then. And I think I know exactly what’s going through his head right now.”
“Out,” Steve says, simply.
Steve deflates. “It’s the same way that you were able to stand there and accuse me of fucking Natasha.”
Steve remains stiff and silent.
He is handsome enough, tall enough, strong enough, all the things that omegas want in their alphas, but he wonders if the lord is kind.
Even if he wants to reach out and throttle both of them.
car?”
Tony raises his head, and time slows until it stills.
“I shouldn’t… I don’t know if anyone told you, but we went to that garden that Nebula told us about–”
There’s blood leaking into his eye from a stinging wound over his hairline.
“And I guess I played on that. I wanted to see what sort of person you were. I mean, I knew you from the tabloids and the newspapers, but… I didn’t think that was the same guy that Steve married, that there must have been more to you-”
Tony sighs and waves a hand, gesturing for him to continue.
Tony pads over to the breakfast table and joins him there, taking a seat next to his husband, while James takes the other side.
Actually, there’d been a bit of a fight between the two of them, over which backpack they wanted – they’d both wanted both of them and finally, Peter settled on the dinosaur one, and Maushmi took the unicorn one.
Eshe tilts her head in his direction. “So, what changed your mind.”
them. I don’t hit the gym as much as I should or used to. I’m flabby. My skin is sagging, and I have wrinkles, okay? I was just convinced that you were seeing what I was seeing in the mirror, and it was turning you off.”
Tony glowers at him. “Fine, fine, fine,” he mutters under his breath.
“Months,” James corrects.
Peggy’s quietly amused. “Tony’s the best civilian pilot I’ve ever seen, and mad enough to brave this airspace. We’re lucky to have him.” She clears her throat. “The HYDRA camp is in Krausberg, tucked between two mountain ranges,” Peggy explains. “It’s a factory of some kind.”
“–yes, if I did not want you to, but what if I said that I wanted you to,” Tony prods.
Steve’s grin grows teeth.
“What is
The crossing guard, a bespectacled, acned boy of maybe eighteen, rushes over to him.
Tony flips them, so that he’s straddling Steve’s hips, knees on either side. He moves down the length of his body, squeezing Steve’s hands.
“He has for Tony,” Steve says, solemn and strained, “but he doesn’t, uh, he doesn’t much remember his time before HYDRA had him, which means he doesn’t-”
Peter and Maushmi both look up, hopefully, instantly recognising his voice.
? Are we
Tony grins. “I don’t know whether I should be offended or turned on.”
There are revels afterwards, feasts and drinking, and finally, a bedding in which Tony is placed in Lord Steven’s bedchamber, without a stitch on, after he has suffered the groping of the alphas around him, poking and prodding at his naked flesh, making tawdry jokes about his legs and his nipples and his ass and his cock.
Tony nods. “I guess I just wanted to feel like I was part of something greater than myself. And Stark Industries… it doesn’t give me that,” he says, honestly.
“I feel self-conscious,” Tony says, voice sharp around the edges. “It’s not you. It’s me. I feel self-conscious. I don’t need to have the differences between us pointed out in vivid display, okay. So, you know what, fuck you.”
“Oh, my God, Steve, that pillar is going to fall, and you are going to die, and there are snakes everywhere. Get down here,
“Please, call me Tony,” Tony says, casually. “My father is Mr. Stark.”
Tony shrugs. “I’ve never been good at telling or showing people how I feel.”
Tony gives him a beautiful, lazy smile.
“Are you crying?” Tony teases him.
“Look in the damn box!” Tony shouts.
He loosens the coat that he’s wearing, sliding his hand underneath the collar of his shirt to pull out the gold chain, a sun-shaped golden medallion, the exact same one that Steve appeared to be looking for.
“I… you
Tony looks around at the spectacle and can’t seem to find Steve anywhere in the vicinity.
“No, you won’t,” Steve says, confidently.
He pushes past Tony in search of Natasha.
James rolls his eyes again. “Privileged,” he sings.
He storms out, ignoring the twist of a knife in his gut at the rejection.
“I haven’t seen you in years,” James points out. “Not like this.”
When he comes into the lounge, his throat closes up with fear, and he clutches at the doorframe.
“Okay, okay, uh, chilli oil, soy sauce and vinegar, twelve dumplings, either half-serve pan-fried and half-served steamed or full-serve… uh–”
“I didn’t. There was… well, in my head, there never seemed to be a good time. We were looking for HYDRA and the sceptre, and then, there was Ultron, and then, you’d left and I was training the new Avengers, and then, there was the Accords… I kept putting it off. I kept telling myself that I had time, that this wasn’t a good time for a whole host of reasons. Now, I know… or rather, I can acknowledge that the reason why I didn’t tell you was because I didn’t want to, because I was scared to tell you, because I knew that it would change things.”
He’s lost too many people to collapse in a fit of tears today.
The cars are all gone from Stark Manor when he reaches the driveway, and he’s glad for that, because he doesn’t want to have this conversation in front of other people.
him!” Tony snaps. “Why are you defending him?”
“Tony,” Steve says, clearly unconvinced.
Tony lifts an eyebrow and is about to say something, when Steve neatly inserts himself, lifting the little girl onto his lap.
Title: gatekeeper of an endless war
Tony lifts his head, his vision blurring at the edges. “It’s a bad habit, I’m afraid. I’m trying to break it.”
The next morning, Tony awakes to the news that the lord’s brother’s brother has been found in one of the village brothels, with his throat cut open from ear to ear.
The parking lot outside the pharmacy is mostly empty, and Tony’s car screeches into a spot. He puts it into park and shuts off the engine, before looking at Steve, who’s already unbuckled his seatbelt.
Steve’s eyes lift to catch his. Tony forces himself to not look away, to not shy away in shame, because Steve will only believe this is nothing to be embarrassed about if Tony himself is not embarrassed by it.
“And you know what the sad thing is? I’m hot, Steve,” Tony says, his snarl sharp. “I’m actually hot. I haven’t lost any of that, I am not nearly the mess that I thought I was when I looked at myself in the mirror, but
The way she says, it sends chills rushing down his spine.
James shrugs. “Who the hell is Bucky?”
my favourite look on your face.”
“You were… you were never like them; I never thought that about you at all,” Tony murmurs, folding his hands in his lap, making a soft noise at the back of his throat. He looks away. “You were really affected? I wasn’t just being a needy slut?”
“It’s strange,” Natasha says, almost to herself. “I just wanted to be friends with you, and it looks like that’s never going to happen now.”
what you’ve been doing this whole fucking time. Aren’t you Catholic? Isn’t adultery a sin? Then again, so is liking cock, and you do that pretty well, but maybe the two sins cancel each out.”
Steve laughs. “Okay, okay,” he kisses Tony again, “how’s that?”
He comes out from behind a tangle of pipes, shadows, the firelight of the boiler. He’s wearing the same filthy red and yellow sweater and hat that hangs over his face. His face is melted, red and shiny and looking like a clump of tendons twisted together, which somehow manages to tilt up in a smile, showing a row of yellow teeth.
“I’m aware of that; are you?”
“No, but I know where it is,” Tony says, repeating the same lie that he’d given Steve.
“No,” they say, slowly.
“I’ve missed you,” Tony sighs, letting his head drop down onto the sheets.
He sees the body bag halfway down another darker, narrower hallway, standing up on its own dead weight. But just as he glimpses it, it tips and pitches headlong through a doorway, like a tree finally crashing down.
“I know,” Maushmi admits, grudgingly. Her eyes widen. “But why did you sleep in the guest room, Appa? If I had your bed, I wouldn’t leave it at all,” she says, definitively. “And what about Daddy?”
“Don’t fucking worry about it,” he mutters. “I’m gonna go down to the workshop.”
“Steven? Steven?” he shouts.
Tony doesn’t know how to tell his alpha that he doesn’t get along with Grant at all, that the look that Grant gets in his eyes sometimes when he looks at Tony, that violent, resentful look, terrifies him, features in the nightmares that he has when he closes his eyes for the day.
, you promise?”
Steve’s brow furrows. “Do you have the red licorice I like?”
Maybe that’s okay too.
“I can walk on my own!” Tony insists, pulling his hand out of Steve’s.
Tony has the sudden urge to throw up, to find the nearest bathroom and empty the contents of his stomach, whatever meagre contents there were. The tight knot in his belly is fierce, twisting further and further, like it’s strangling him.
“I got him that bracelet,” Tony explains, hurriedly. “I won it for him at one of those fairs they had in Cambridge.”
Strange lifts his index finger.
“That’s not true!” Steve protests. “The reason why… Tony, I was going on day-long, week-long missions at that point, and I was
James pulls away from Steve’s mouth. “He’s a demon with his fingers,” he says, his voice strangled.
“I know that,” Tony says, coldly.
“The gem!” Bhim says, suddenly remembering. “They’re taking it on a truck to Porbander. It’s the nearest port.”
that movie!” He drags his hand over his face. “After that, it was like Steve was a completely different person. He… there were all these phone calls, you know? Secret phone calls that he’d leave the room to take, and he always spoke in a whisper, like he was scared someone was going to listen in and find out what he was saying. And then, there were all these conferences that he was going.”
“There is something else,” Tony says, something in him withering in defeat.
Seeing the staunch look of determination on Steve’s face, the likelihood of him not turning away from his insistence that he leave, Tony goes, rushing off between two buildings.
“Such a pretty cunt you’ve got, baby,” Steve says, approvingly. “Takes care of me so good, just like you.”
They come around another corner and begin a walk through a maze of chambers that present for their inspection.
Steve straightens. “Mr. Stark,” he says, politely.
Tony should withdraw his hand, should remind him that he’s married, that he still loves Steve, loves him like he doesn’t know how to breathe without him, but he can’t find the words to put out into the world.
, the man most definitely did not think he had an easy life.
Steve kisses him on the forehead. “Okay, then. I guess we’re going to the Compound tomorrow.”
. I’m not going to pretend like I was happy to hear it, but… I’m not mad.”
Tony can taste the smoke in his mouth. “My head,” he moans, as Steve tugs him out of the car.
Natasha embraces him, clutches at him tight, and he buries his face in her shoulder.
Steve backs him towards Tony’s bed, and they fall on top of the mattress together, Steve landing in between Tony’s spread thighs. Their shirts come off, just as the moans from the guest room travel down the corridor, and Tony leans up, moving his mouth from Steve’s to the hollow of his throat, biting down.
James shrugs. “It might be because it’s where the Mayflower landed, the Salem witch trials were held, the Kennedy family was from there, you have Harvard and MIT, two of the most highly regarded academic institutions in the world, the ninth most important city in the country.”
Tony shrugs. “It’s the only way I’m going to be able to get through this conversation.”
Steve is still all of those things, still embodies all of the best parts of being Captain America, so he’s still Captain America, and Tony will sue the shit out of anyone who says differently.
“Oh, you know, the normal Mean Girl routine, how she
His mouth inevitably follows his fingers, and his tongue makes circles around his nipples, down the centre of his chest before going down, down, down, dipping briefly in his navel, before finding his sharp hipbones.
God, if his father was still alive, the man would be laughing himself stupid at Tony.
“What?” Tony asks, breathlessly.
Tony is dead.
This follows like a routine: once, then twice, then thrice, then four times, then five times, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
His shoulders slump.
Tony’s brow furrows, slyly considering the alpha still seated on the edge of the bed out of the corner of his eye.
Tony moves to the wall and pulls down a lever. The table slowly tilts upright, and Steve rises like a rocket ready to launch into space. The panels unfold, and a hood lowers over Steve’s head, sealing him inside the vita rays chamber.
Tony shrugs, fluttering his eyes, even if the panic gets him in the gut. “Oh, come on, babe, you know you’re the only one for me.”
“You sound a little bitter,” James taunts.
“You don’t like music?” Barnes wonders out loud.
asked Wanda to keep them a little while longer, while I talked to you about our marriage.”
“You know, over the years, I learned how to hate you, Steve,” he says, quietly, “and it was hard, I’ll tell you that; it was really fucking hard to hate you, but do you know what was harder?”
Tony lifts his eyes, gravely earnest. “And that’s you?”
“Why are you doing this with Dr. Erskine and the army? I mean,” Steve rubs the back of his neck, “a beautiful O–” Steve turns red, “sorry, uh, beautiful omega, no, beautiful engineer. No, not beautiful. I mean, you
Steve comes with a grunt, gathering Tony to his body for a long, quiet moment, as the shudders rack his body. When Steve withdraws, Tony can feel the come leak out of his body onto the sofa, and he says, a sly edge to his voice, “I think we may have ruined the couch.”
Tony deflates. “So, the kids are okay?” he says, cautiously.
“Can we open our eyes now?” Maushmi demands. “This is scary.”
He pats James on the cheek and moves out of the door, shrugging out his shoulders. He makes his way into his car, still vibrating, and when he lands outside his house, he lingers over the steering wheel. He drags his hand over his face, and then, steps out of the car, blinks into the glaring sun above, and climbs the length of the driveway, up until the front door.
“Absolutely not. Bhim is good people,” Tony replies, confidently.
Peter and Maushmi make him a card from scratch, and all three wake him up to breakfast in bed. Steve even takes the day off. They go to Coney Island, and they go on the Cyclone, the Wonder Wheel, and Maushmi and Peter have their times on the Carousel. They spend time at the beach, under the blustering heat of the sun, and Maushmi and Peter build sandcastles and Tony takes them out into the water so they can run around and awe at the way their feet doesn’t sink into the sand anymore.
“I’m sure. I’ll be fine.”
Tony grins, genuinely, the first grin that he’s smile that reaches his eyes, makes his cheeks hurt with the stretch, and he feels it in his heart. He cradles Steve’s face in his hand, smushing his cheeks together and making Steve’s lips purse and pout outwards like a duck.
you know?” Tony asks, coldly. “How about you answer
The kids immediately start frowning.
Steve rakes his eyes over Tony, from head to toe, and he licks his lips. “You’re… you are so beautiful,” he murmurs.
“I’m sorry, honey,” he says, apologetically. “I’m really just not in the mood right now.”
“Steve wouldn’t do that,” Sam says, immediately. “He’s not the type of guy to mess around.”
Tony looks up, his face devoid of any expression (he’s always been good at those little boxes). “Can you please not tell anyone that James was here, JARVIS?”
“Fine.” Tony climbs off the bed, uncaring of his nakedness for the first time in his life, uncaring of what his alpha might think of him. “You want to know what happened.”
“Do with the fact that we’re both in love with each other but in love with someone else as well, the
Steve gives her a lopsided, fond grin. “Because you’re the queen,” he says, tapping her on the nose, which makes her face scrunch up adorably. “The goddess,
Tony perches himself in James’ lap, over his crossed legs, and leans in to kiss him slow and soft, his tongue sliding into James’ mouth, as his hands work their way into James’ hair, nails scraping against the scalp.
Tony looks at him, chewing on his lower lip until he feels it split underneath his teeth. It stings, and his mouth tastes of iron, and he licks over it absentmindedly, wanting to feel the ache again.
myself on you, Steve. I wasn’t going to put myself out there, only to be rejected by you.”
Tony leans back on his heels, satisfied and smug.
Steve pales in a rush, his mouth hovering over the rim of his wine glass. “Uh, Nat? Sure, of course, I have,” he says, quickly, his shoulders setting in a defensive slant.
, but I just thought–”
“Her necklace,” Tony says, his body feeling like a graveyard.
“Tony, that’s just not true!”
Because even after Tony was done with Steve, even after Tony had ridden Steve like a fucking stallion, moaned like he was a whore and did things with his mouth and hands and cock that reminded Steve that his people wrote the Kama Sutra, which always left a bad taste in his mouth, Steve had still left his bed for Natasha Romanoff’s.
“That maybe I was the fucking idiot in all of this, that you and he were just screwing with me behind my back, that maybe it wasn’t just that you were fucking him, but maybe there was something a lot more insidious going on.”
Her body curves up, and she’s suspended like that, as the orgasm rolls through her body, and she’s clenching around him like nothing else, a vice around his cock, and he groans, thrusting once, twice and he’s coming inside her as well, spilling wet and hot, his hands tight on her hip, her breast, leaving marks in the shape of her fingers which will colour as the day passes.
Wanda stretches out her hand to take his, offering comfort.
. She links her fingers with Steve in front of her and Bucky behind her, and they start doing the seven rounds, and on the seventh round, everyone rises to their feet and start clapping, cheering, shouting, rising in a clamour, and Toni is laughing with her arms around Steve and Bucky.
Tony chews on his lower lip. “I’m glad, and I’m grateful, so grateful that you were willing to listen to me.”
Steve prods at his rim again, so that he can feel the latex rub against where he’s the slickest. “Already covered,” he growls.
“For luck,” he says, simply, and strides out of the barracks.
Okay, so, here's the start of therapy. You might recognise Eshe from let the soft animal of your body love what it loves.
He doesn’t know what he’d do if it was Steve or even James in that hospital bed, how he would even be able to function.
Sorry for the delay, everyone, but I hope you enjoy this little New Years' present!
Tony whines low in his throat and grips at Steve’s shoulder.
“Do you believe that Steve loves you, Tony?”
“I just do,” Maushmi insists, her hands shaking.
“You fucking–” he snarls, wary and furious, his voice hoarse, as he untangles himself from his bedclothes.
Maybe he’d surrendered any value he may have had as an omega to an alpha who wouldn’t want him as anything more than a bed partner.
, Steve has him a chokehold and then, he’s snapping the HYDRA agent’s neck like a toothpick and letting his dead body fall to the ground with a loud, painful-sounding thump.
Natasha winces.
Tony raises an eyebrow.
that it was the Winter Soldier that they sent, Tony. You have to believe me when I say that.”
“One, two, Obie’s coming for you?” Steve lifts an eyebrow. “No, Tony. I don’t know what happened to Pepper. I really don’t. Maybe,” he sighs, “maybe Natasha had a blackout or something, but…” he trails off. “If you’re trying to suggest that some evil guy from a nightmare killed Pepper in her sleep, and she actually died in real life, then, no, I don’t believe that. I don’t think that’s possible.”
“You shouldn’t throw toys,” Peter says, wagging his little index finger.
Steve kisses him softly, genuinely, a little messy like he hasn’t kissed much. Tony balances his hands on Steve’s shoulders, tightening, and then, parts his mouth underneath Steve’s, who groans, arms winding around his waist.
A firm, strong arm grabs him, slinging around his waist, pulling him close.
She is equally unafraid and terrified, and to see her like this, so quiet, so thoughtful, it pains him, makes his chest crack wide open, because he wonders whether it’s a mistake, whether he’s being selfish, creating this situation for his children that is so confusing and so new and there are no right answers, no roadmaps, no directions, and expecting them to deal with it and to be okay with it and to grow up as functional human beings, even if he does things like this.
“It’s completely inappropriate,” Howard retorts. “An unbonded omega to head out with the United States army like some fucking showboy. Do you have any idea the things they would say about you, about
He even smiles, as he says this, as he says,
The trail of blood leads to a pole in the yard where Natasha’s body is hanging, with the words
my friend, and I don’t… I don’t want to have to say that I’m not going to be friends with her because it bothers you, but I guess if it does bother you, I’d be prepared-”
Steve smirks, despite himself, hiding his face behind a hand.
“And if she can’t?” Tony pushes.
“Yes,” Tony says, confused. “Lord Stane would have told you this. I am six and ten.”
Natasha turns back to them. “Do you think I did it?”
“He was a filthy
Tony looks down just in time to see Steve wrap that big, pale hand of his around Tony’s cock, while his mouth closed around the head. Steve swipes his tongue over the slit and then, quickly removes his hand, swallowing him down to the base, tracing the vein beneath the head.
“I told you, I knew that you were fucking someone else,” Steve says, simply, his voice inching into fury. “And I have proof.”
Steve groans and sits back on his heels. “She came with me to the jewellery shop. She… I thought she’d know better than me, you know, about what to get you for your birthday. She has better taste than I do, and I was so worried that I’d get you the wrong thing, really fuck your birthday up, so I asked her to come with me. And when we were there, I… I thought it would be a good idea to buy her something, you know, because she came with me all that way to the gold shop, and Tony, Tony, I have no fucking clue about gold, I really don’t, and Natasha-”
“Whose?”
It takes some manoeuvring and a few yelps from the other two men in the car, but he makes it back into the driver’s seat, his hands closing around the steering wheel.
“I didn’t want to keep it a secret,” she snaps. “I just hoped that you would forget all about it, and we’d put it past us for good.”
; he had kids with
you, I love our kids. I love you guys more than I love anything else in this world-”
“You won’t,” Steve says, confidently.
“And it’s a legit access code?” Tony says, confused.
Steve goes next.
Steve hesitates for an agonising moment. “Nat, how could somebody get under the covers with you guys without
“And now you think that I’m an awful person,” he says, heavily, pinching the bridge of his nose.
His eyes snap open, and he’s lying in the bed, sweat all over his face, dripping from his feet, staring around the room like a cornered animal in the middle of the bed. The room is a wreck, and Tony realises quickly that
For the first time, in a very long time, Tony actually thinks everything will actually be fine, that there is something good waiting for him at the end of all of this shit.
Wanda turns her head, almost birdlike, like it hurts her to form these words on her tongue.
“Call me sir,” Steve growls, and his hand goes to his half-hard cock showing in his slacks, squeezing it gently, as if to keep him on the edge.
“Shut the fuck up,” Steve says, coldly.
sit down?” he sighs.
Tony sighs and crouches in front of him. “Sometimes, when you really don’t like someone and they won’t leave you alone because secretly, even if their words seem really nice, they are actually being mean to you, you have to lie to make them leave you alone.”
woman.”
The hostess smiles and takes her leave, and Tony sends him an apologetic look.
Tony thinks of the years between seeing Steve again and his abrupt departure in the middle of the night; he thinks of the warm bodies that he’d made love within an attempt to forget Steve’s face, his hands, his warmth, his heart; he thinks of all the nights that he’d dreamed of him and then, woken up in a terrible, resigned stupor, alone; he thinks of all the times that he’d forced himself to remember that Steve didn’t love him, Steve didn’t want him anymore, and he couldn’t waste his life on someone who didn’t want him forever.
“Welcome to Olympus, officially, I guess,” Rhodey told him, and Steve chuckled in response.
“You can only climb so high kid,” Rhodey said, crossing his arms in front of his chest. Peter glanced at him, but he immediately withdrew at the god’s words.
“Tell me about you mom, Peter,” Tony said, and he could hear a tenderness in his words that was uncharacteristic of him.
Tony was making progress with the Mark III—and he was more scared by that fact than he should have been. After all the time he had put into perfecting it, he should have been thrilled to be this close to being done, but his nearly-completed suit made the impending threat more real. Flying outside of Pyra, as Rhodey had said, meant infuriating Fury—and infuriating Fury meant unimaginable danger. But Tony needed to test the suit’s flight before he could progress any further.
do it.  But in the end, would it be worth it? The only thing he would gain would be a new location. Every one of the Olympians would hate him more than they already did, and he would still be alone; he would just be at the top of the Mountain, instead of at the bottom of Pyra. And he quite liked Pyra.
Tony laughed weakly, but a sharp cough cut him off, and he bent over almost unwillingly as he tried to regain his composure. “Rhodes, stupid is my middle name,” he managed, the words coming out in quick, short breaths.
this chapter was another one that was special to me, but i know you guys are anxious to have steve back in pyra, and i am too. hang in there, it's coming sooner than you think. i love you guys 3000.
Natasha raised an eyebrow, amusement evident on her face, but she didn’t say anything about it. “I just came to check on you,” she said, and Steve couldn’t keep the confused look off of his face. “I may not be the god of love, but I’m observant. You’re worried about him. You care about him.”
“I told you I would help you with this, Tones. Let me help,” he’d argued, but Tony shook his head, vehemently.
Steve was still looking at Fury, but he arched an eyebrow, testing just how far Fury’s patience was willing to go. “I’ve yet to hear him ask a question.”
“That you knew of,” Steve was quick to interrupt her. He didn’t believe for a second that Tony would leave Rhodey on Pyra without some serious threat to their safety.
Tony,” Steve muttered, looking to the floor. Rhodey chuckled next to him, and if Steve wasn’t blushing before, he certainly was now.
“Tony,” he tried again, his voice still hesitant. “Look, I’m sorry. For everything earlier. I didn’t know what this place was. Well—” he stuttered. “I’ve heard stories about the god in exile. But I didn’t know—I didn’t realize this was where you lived.”
Tony flinched at that, and Steve didn’t miss it—he instantly regretted his words. Tony stood and began to take the rest of the suit off. “No one is supposed to be here. Except me. Sometimes Rhodey.” He pulled the rest of the armor off of his body, revealing clothing similar to that of Steve’s chiton. The only difference was that his was covered in burns and grease from his earlier efforts constructing the new suit. He threw the damaged suit back into the corner of his workshop. There went his backup—Mark III would just have to be that much better. He turned to face Steve. “Fury is going to be livid.”
of what Tony could do—what he could create—to take back Olympus. He stepped forward by just an inch, but it was enough to assert his confidence. He would not back down, even with Fury’s bearing him to him like daggers. “He wasn’t building anything.”
Fury cocked his head to the side as he watched Steve. “Tell us the whole story. You’ve been in collusion with one of the biggest threats to Olympus. It doesn’t look good for you, Steve Rogers.”
Before he could disappear completely, he heard his name being called from behind him. Steve looked over his shoulder and saw Clint rise from the table to catch up to him. He slowed his pace, but Steve didn’t stop walking altogether, and the other god took this as an invitation to join him. He resisted the urge to sigh aloud as Clint jogged over to him, matching his pace once he caught up.
“Back to Olympus . . .” Tony trailed off, and in an instant, the only thing that mattered to him was being around actual
Instead of a text, Steve sent a picture next, his cock standing straight up and a hand wrapped firmly around it. Tony squeezed his eyes shut and stroked himself faster, precum starting to leak from the tip of his penis. He sent one last picture to Steve before throwing the phone onto the couch beside him and turning his full attention to the throbbing between his legs. He whimpered to himself as he used both hands, one at the base and his hips bucking up into the other. It was amazing how close he already was after only a few rough pumps, his calloused hands running over his slick cock with ease. The pressure began to build in his lower abdomen and his hips started to move sporadically; he only slowed down long enough to check the phone after it buzzed on the couch next to him. He opened the message from Steve.
“How is Tony doing?” Fury asked, aiming for a casual tone, but his voice was strained. His dislike for Tony was so severe that he couldn’t even say his name without the veins in his head pulsing with barely-concealed rage. Steve was almost taken aback. He couldn’t imagine ever hating a person that much, especially not Tony. His thoughts lingered on the god of the forge for a moment longer, remembering his small smile as Steve and Rhodey left Pyra earlier that day.
“She used to tell me stories to calm me down,” Peter began. He pulled his necklace out from the collar of his tunic once more, holding it where Tony could see it. “I’ve had this since I was old enough to walk; she said it was a gift from my dad. Not...—Not for me. For my mom. She said it was his promise that he would come back, but...–”
Rhodey sighed, standing up and moving to lean on the work table in front of him. Tony raised his head, and the dejected looked that had covered his features sent a pang through Rhodey’s chest. “You can rebuild, Tony. You have time, you have the capability. Steve and I can take care of ourselves on Olympus.”
“Please, call me Steve,” the blonde corrected him, taking an involuntary step backwards. He wasn’t
“But he never did,” Tony finished the sentence for him.
needing that help thank you very much. Someone that he couldn’t stop thinking about, stop
The Olympian’s dining hall was extravagant, with a courtyard of the gods leading to the open area where everyone ate. The courtyard was filled with statues of the gods, busts of each of the Olympians lining the walkway through the greenery. There were fig trees and wildflowers spread throughout, despite the fact that they were living above the clouds, and Steve was momentarily distracted by the beauty of it. He strolled through the plants, eyes lingering on each of the marble figures. He took his time on the pathway, in no hurry to join the gods at the dining table, but he couldn’t deny his need for food. Steve grabbed breakfast, but he dodged the other Olympians, who were all seated around the long dining table in the clouds. He helped himself to the barley bread and figs that were set out for them, and picked at his food, uninterested in what he was eating as he slipped away from the gathering.
The electricity running through the suit didn’t stop after Tony hit the ground. He was immobile, sprawled out  in the dirt, apart from his body jolting occasionally with the current that ran through the metal. He stayed that way, cursing himself silently. Tony should have known that Fury would be watching out for him, especially with Steve and Rhodey so newly returned to Olympus. He lifted his head, trying to see exactly where he was on the ground, but the suit was offline, and all he could see was the darkness that had surrounded him completely. Tony threw his head back, wincing as the dull throbbing only intensified at the contact.
, Tony. We can’t do anything yet. We don’t have a plan; we don’t even have anyone on our
Steve threw the doors to the throne room open, and he was taken aback by the scene there. Every one of the gods had gathered in the great hall, each of them in their respective thrones. He took the few steps to the threshold, and Fury was watching Steve, a smug look on his face. Steve knew that Fury expected him to bend in the presence of all of the Olympians, to give them all the information that he wanted. Steve met the eyes of each of the gods as he walked towards Fury at the head of them. Maria Hill was seated at his right hand, her face a reflection of Fury’s self-satisfied look. On Fury’s left side was Rhodey, who was poised proudly in his seat. The only way that Steve knew that they were of the same mind where Tony was concerned was the miniscule nod that Rhodey sent his direction, so small that Steve would have missed it had he not been looking for it. He let out a deep breath through his nose as he came to a halt before Fury, standing tall, his jaw set as he did his best to maintain his temper. He knew that this setup was supposed to intimidate him into submission, but he refused to be swayed.
Steve did what he was told, but his whole body went rigid as they crossed the threshold and flew through the dark cavern into the lower parts of Tony’s workshop. With the suit on its last leg, their landing was far from graceful, and they both rolled across the ground, taking bots and inventions with them as they went. As soon as they hit the ground, Steve tucked to control his direction, rolling as far away from Tony as possible.
Finally, Rhodey had finished the reconstruction of the arms just as Tony was pounding the craters out of the helmet. “It should be ready,” Tony breathed, but his hands shook as he lifted the iron mask away from the rest of the armor. He moved  it to the opposite of the table the stood, arms spread wide in the center of the workshop. “Give me some space,” he said, and Rhodey rose from his seat on workbench, crossing the cavern and standing as close to the wall as he could.
for a second? Let me catch my breath?” Tony said, his head finally free of the metal faceplate.
Attached was a picture of Steve standing in front of his bathroom mirror—the bathroom that Tony designed for him—but that was something that only registered for the briefest of moments in the back of his mind. Suddenly, his attention was pulled directly to the man in the photo.  He was wearing nothing but his gray underwear, the briefs straining against the muscles in the super soldier’s legs. He held his Stark phone in front of him and Tony cursed his own technology, because he wanted to see the rest of Steve’s chest. It surprised him how badly he wanted to see the rest of Steve’s chest. Suddenly, he didn’t remember who he was originally trying to text.
“Just talk,” Tony said, and he hated the command he heard in his voice. He hadn’t meant to sound so curt. “I just mean, tell me anything you want. How old are you? What do you like? That kind of thing. You don’t have to tell me everything. Just fill the silence—I’d bet you’re good at that.”
His phone buzzed again, and Tony checked, his other hand never leaving his cock.
Steve watched Natasha carefully, turning her words over in his head. “You said ‘most of us.’ Are there some that aren’t loyal to him? Are
Steven jogged through the clouds at the top of Mount Olympus, trying his best to steer clear of the other gods under the guise of exercise. He had already been welcomed warmly by Clint and Natasha, who had shown him to his new house in the sky. He had already decided that everything on Olympus was a little excessive, including his new place. Most people expected the god of beauty to bask in the attention and adoration of the people, and even of the other gods, but he wasn’t inclined to do so. He preferred his privacy. He knew how everyone saw him, and he loathed the idea of people flocking to him just to merely
sorry to make these notes so long, but here we go! enjoy chapter 6!
. He turned his attention back to the new suit, sighing to himself as he went. His bots whirred as he went back to his workstation, ready to assist him in any way, and he reached down and patted his first creation, Dum-E, lovingly. This new suit would be perfect, impenetrable, fit for a god; and he would use it when the time came. Against Nick Fury.
By the time he’d made it to the familiar cavern entrance, Rhodey had sweat running down the side of his face and he was nearly dead on his feet. He pulled Tony through the cave, walking steadily toward the workshop itself. As soon as he made it to the bed on the opposite side of Tony’s workspace, he laid Tony down as gently as he could manage with the suit still confining his body. Rhodey moved to the other side of the room, sitting heavily on the workbench, his head resting in his hands.
Tony Stark:
“I’m serious, Tony. You could have been seriously hurt—more than you are
The tension in the room only grew with Steve’s words, and most of the other Olympians were still avoiding being dragged into the conversation. Maria Hill, however, was not like any of the other Olympians. She rose from her throne with a grace that only the queen of Olympus could possess, but her face held some of the rage that was radiating from Fury on her left. “How dare you?” she began, and her words shook with anger. “You don’t know the threat that he presents. He could bring about the destruction of our home. Our entire way of life.”
“For most of us? Liabilities. We all have people that we care about. Fury is willing to use those people against us in order to maintain his position as the leader. In order to prevent the upheaval of Olympus. We all saw what happened to Thor’s brother; no one is willing to risk that again.”
“I’ve had a couple of run-ins with him already,” Steve told the gods, and though none of them seemed surprised, they weren’t relieved at the news either.
“That will teach Stark to leave his own personal hell,” Fury boomed, and the fear that had been gripping Steve turned from ice to fire, his body fuming with hatred as he watched the god. Rhodey gripped Steve’s forearm with a strength that Steve was unaware he had, but he was grateful for it in that moment.
The thunder shook the volcano around him and Tony distracted himself from his worries by pacing the length of his workshop. His bots were in their charging ports, but upon sensing his sudden movement, they whirred to life and followed him as he walked. He glanced down and smiled at them for a moment. Even if they were robots, they were able to provide more comfort than he’d ever imagined. Every now and then they got on his nerves, but at times like this he was grateful to have them around. It was as if they could pick up on his emotions through some connection that they’d formed when he’d activated them.
Tony chuckled, turning once more to the Mark III in front of him. “No, Pete. Thank you.”
Steve shook his head and made his way back to his quarters; he wouldn’t risk endangering Rhodey by leaving Olympus alone. He walked from the entrance to the courtyard, filled with a statue of every Olympian, save for Tony. His chest ached at the sight of the marble scattered in the garden—rubble that had been the fire god’s bust only days before.
Tony moved to lay down on the couch, the days without sleep, the alcohol, and the vigorous orgasm catching up with him. He laid on his back with his phone resting over the arc reactor’s scar on his chest. The phone buzzed one final time and Tony read the text, a hesitant, disbelieving grin covering his face before he finally passed out.
Tony had been up all night and half of the next day working tirelessly on Mark III. Well, attempting to work tirelessly on the suit. Between worrying about Steve and Rhodey and stopping his work every now and then to mess with Dum-E—who was surprisingly more persistent than the other bots—Tony was taking longer than usual to make any progress. One minute, he would be nearly done with the wiring running through the legs, and the next, his mind would be trapped in some sort of worst case scenario of what was happening up on Olympus. What if Fury decided he didn’t want to welcome Steve to join the Olympians after all? What if Rhodey was no longer able to hold his tongue, and he said something that would get him into trouble that he couldn’t get out of? But the thought that Tony feared most—what if something happened and he wasn’t able to help them?
Without hesitation, Steve headed straight for the throne room. He knew that Rhodey had flown ahead of him, and that Fury was awaiting his arrival. He walked down the pathway with steady, sure feet. He would go into the grandroom to meet Fury, and he wouldn’t tell him anything about Tony’s haven that he’d built in the bottom of Pyra. Steve couldn’t explain the urge that he felt to protect Tony, but it was an urge that was stronger than he’d imagined. He could protect Tony this way, by keeping his secrets of the volcano.
“Rise and shine, buddy,” Rhodey gave his friend a half-hearted smile. “I told you not to do anything stupid.”
Into the fire we go.
He gave Steve a solemn look, and Steve was automatically apologetic. “I know, you’re right. I just. . . wish I could have stayed there. I’ll never get to leave this place now.”
Tony was busy shaping the burning new metal, ignoring the heat beneath his fingertips. His thoughts were wrapped up in war with the Spartans, and he nearly threw the suit down in surprise when an alarm sounded throughout Pyra.
He walked to the cavern exit on the wall to the side of him, and the bots started to follow him, but once they realized he was leaving, they fell back to their charging ports. If Dum-E was able, he would have whined nervously. They could sense the anxiety rolling off of Tony’s body, even through the new suit. Tony knew that Fury was pissed, and Rhodey would kill him if he knew that Tony was stepping outside of the volcano. But he had to know if the suit flew, and he couldn’t afford to wait. He needed to know
Steve shrugged, “Simple. We didn’t get along. He couldn’t wait to get me out of there.”
“Talk, Pete,” he said, adamantly. “Just keep talking to me.” Of course it was nice to have another voice in the volcano, but Tony’s concern was for Peter, not for himself. If he could keep him talking, it would give him something to focus on other than the emotions that were warring within him, dangerously close to spilling over.
Despite all the work that Tony and Rhodey had put into the suit, there were still repairs that needed to be done following their crash in the bottom of the workshop. Rhodey had gone back to Olympus shortly after sunrise, leaving Tony and Peter alone in the bottom of the volcano. He’d offered to stay, but Tony had pulled him off to the side, out of the newcomer’s earshot, and insisted that he returned to the other Olympians.
Tony tested the joints in the suit, walking carefully from his work table the large bed across the room where he slept. His bots whirred to life at the sound of the machinery working, circling his feet anxiously. Tony couldn’t help the smile behind the new mask, looking down at his creations through a computerized lens. He stretched his arms and rolled his shoulders, the suit following his every move with ease. Tony could have burst with the pride that filled his chest, and his small smile turned into to full-fledged girn. He’d done it; he’d perfected the suit. Now all that was left to do was fly it.
in here, into your home, and you destroyed your—this thing—saving me,” he gestured helplessly at the armor in front of them.
be dangerous to Peter, too.
Before anyone could say anything else, thunder rolled around them, shaking the clouds that they were standing on. All of the visitors on Olympus looked around, some of them bringing their hands up to try to regain their balance. No one had time to react before a blinding light flashed through the sky, followed by a crackle and an electric hum filled the air. Steve turned on his heel, sure that he would see Fury standing at his throne with a lightning bolt pointed in their direction. Surely what he’d heard had just been the warning shot. But as Steve stared at the thunder god across the great hall, Fury was not looking at him. Fury was standing at the edge of the clouds, his back to the crowd, and another lightning bolt in his hand. His right arm was reared back as he prepared to throw another bolt, and some of the minor gods gathered around him, cheering at the display.
Tony sucked in a breath, unsurprised that he was the other gods’ object of torment both on and off the Mountain. “Well, thanks for putting my guy out of his misery,” he said smoothly, but Steve looked up at him, not missing the catch in his voice.
,” Rhodey corrected him, and he knocked Steve’s shoulder playfully as he spoke. “Here I am, attendee. You don’t leave this mountain without me.”
Tony shrugged again, looking up at Rhodey. “I didn’t give him that idea. You know I didn’t,” he argued. “Fury already hates the guy; maybe it’s just time that the Fury Regime comes to an end. Fucking finally.” Tony looked away from Rhodey, but the anxiousness rippling through his body was making it hard for him to appear so nonchalant.
moment, Rhodey.”
“You’ve got me now, kid,” Tony said, but he kept his gaze focused on the suit in front of him. Even if he couldn’t bring himself to look at the boy, the words were a fiery determination. He meant them with every fiber in his godly being.
“Pull your legs up to your chest,” Tony ordered from behind his mask. “We’re going in.”
god he’d been in contact with for what seemed like eons was Rhodey. Tony had never needed to think about whether or not he was vulnerable to another god’s charms, and in Steve’s case, he wanted to be immune to the god’s pull. Tony wasn’t even sure if he’d imagined the connection between the two of them, but if it was there, he wanted it to be genuine. He surprised himself with the thought, but smiled to himself despite the shocking realization.
His volcano, dubbed Pyra by the other Olympians, was isolated, but not completely lonely. Tony had decided long ago that if the gods on Olympus wouldn’t have him, he would make his own family. So, he did. His automatons kept him company. Rhodey, the messenger of the gods, who was only allowed to visit Pyra on business, whether it be bearing messages or tasks from Nick Fury, the big man in charge at the top of the Mountain. Rhodey always hesitated to leave Tony alone in the bottom of the volcano, but Fury was not to be tested. He was a man filled with as much anger as he was power, and with Maria Hill viciously loyal to him, they were a force to be reckoned with.
Peter shrugged, finally done unravelling the mess of wires in front of him. He set them on the table, making his way back to where he had been sitting before. “Sure, maybe he was,” he began, his sad eyes watching Tony as he spoke. “But where is he now?”
“Sir, your phone hasn’t moved from the coffee table. You put it there when you came back from—“
Steve is far from comfortable in his new home, and he's already wary of Nick Fury. What happens when he comes face to face with the rest of the Olympians?
Tony looked away from him, the laughter disappearing from his eyes. “Preparations,” he said, his voice tight with apprehension. “Something big is coming. But that’s a story for another day.”
Tony sat patiently, tinkering with the suit in front of him, waiting for the boy to continue at his own pace. But everything about Peter was slowly starting to make sense. Able to get into Pyra, able to touch the suit. Never had a father. Peter wasn’t a mortal who happened to be an exception to the rule. He wasn’t even a
Tony is greeted in Pyra by an unwelcome surprise, and he has to play the hero--something that comes far easier to him than he ever expected.
Slowly, Steve backed away from Clint, his eyes calculating as he judged the situation. He decided that he wasn’t in any real danger; Fury would have Clint’s head if he maimed Steve so early in his stay on Olympus. Steve took his chances and turned his back on Clint, walking steadily toward the bust that held the arrow. He was hyper aware of the other Olympians watching him from where they sat at their breakfast table. Without even looking in their direction, he could feel Fury’s eyes on him as he made his way back down the pathway.
A small smile graced Peter’s lips and he kicked at Tony’s hand with his sandaled feet. He reached up to tuck the small pendant at his neck back into the linen of his tunic. “Thank you. Really. I mean,
So he did what he was best at, covering his own emotions with raw sex appeal. In his drunken stupor, Tony Stark was going to sext his ex-girlfriend.
Peter glanced at him, bewildered. “Um. What about me? What do you want to know?”
here,” Rhodey had countered, but the argument ended there, and he flew back to Olympus. His absence was felt, but Tony’s focus remained on the boy that sat to his right. Not even 3 hours ago, Peter had fallen into Pyra while he was searching for his mother, and Tony had caught him. They’d only narrowly escaped a deadly impact at the bottom of the volcano, but Peter had lived. Tony knew that saving the boy’s life was not for nothing; he’d do everything in his power to make sure that Peter could find a new home in Pyra—and eventually on Olympus, if the stirring rebellion that Rhodey spoke of was true.
“Your boy is up on Olympus talking to the other gods. About rebellion.” Rhodey cocked an eyebrow in Tony’s direction, and Tony shrugged helplessly. He hadn’t said anything to Steve about rebellion. Hell, his main goal for Mark III was protection, not
Tony was working on his newest project when Rhodey stepped through the entrance of his workshop unannounced. Tony glanced up from his work briefly and tried to scoff at him. But his traitorous lips tugged upwards on one side. It was nice to have company—especially when said company was his closest friend. Rhodey walked towards Tony’s workbench, his linen tunic draped over one shoulder and flowing loosely to his knees. His sandaled feet barely touched the ground as he approached; being the gods’ messenger, he’d taken to flying as his main source of transportation. His sandals were one of Tony’s first inventions, and the tiny metal wings attached to the back of the shoes helped Rhodey get to and from Mount Olympus with ease.
Fury watched Steve skeptically, and Steve didn’t flinch under his gaze this time. He was growing tired of Fury’s “intimidate into submission” attitude, and he stood tall under the god’s gaze. “So why did he bring you back to the volcano? Mortals would have been returned to the city.”
about.
them. That was the god of love’s power, so to speak; everyone would do everything in their power to please him, even complete strangers. Steve could end wars that way if he chose to, but Tony didn’t imagine that the man he’d met earlier was fond of his gift. Steve didn’t seem like the type that enjoyed forcing people into things, and that’s essentially what his gift was—coercion.
The next day on Olympus was for Steve’s welcoming celebration, and apparently it was to be an all day event, something that Steve himself was very disgruntled with. Fury had made it clear that, since the party was in his honor, he was expected to be present all day. At an sort of social gathering was the last place that Steve wanted to be, but after angering Fury as much as he had yesterday, Steve wouldn’t risk pissing him off any more today. Early that morning, the minor gods from all over Greece had begun arriving, and before lunch time, the top of Mount Olympus was filled with more immortal beings that Steve had ever seen in one place.
“She died when the Spartans attacked.” Peter sat forward, propping his elbows on his knees and resting his head in his hands. Tony tensed—Peter had only just barely subdued a panic attack, and talking about his mother’s death couldn’t be easy for him. Still, he was visibly much calmer. The anxiety no longer wracked his body, and he took slow, even breaths as he spoke, so Tony didn’t protest. “We were trying to get back home, but they were riding through the city, swinging blades on all sides. We were almost home, but there were people running in every direction, and the streets were crowded. She had me on the opposite side of her, closest to the buildings. She was trying to protect me, and I heard the horse coming before I knew what was happening. I mean I knew...—I had to know what was happening. I knew, but I couldn’t stop it. She pushed me into amwall, out of the way, and I was tripping trying to keep up with her. God, she was so scared, and I remember all I wanted was to be home.”
Steve glowered in disbelief. “What. Is. That?” he ground out through clenched teeth.
Rhodey was still seated at Fury’s left side, and he wasn’t looking at Steve,  but Steve saw the god’s mouth twitch upward for the briefest of moments. He imagined that no one ever got to speak Fury the way they
He looked away from her, nodding once. She sighed, watching him with careful eyes. Steve’s body language gave away every bit of what he was feeling. “He’s in good hands. Rhodey will know what to do.”
Natasha’s scowl deepened and her eyes drifted around the room before landing on Steve once again. He thought that maybe she was taking a head count—figuring out who would be her allies and enemies if a fight were to break out without warning. Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that looking over their shoulder was something they’d have to get used to. Or maybe the Olympians were already used to it, and he was just now catching on. “Be careful,” Natasha warned him, her voice rigid. “Having Fury as an enemy means having everyone as an enemy. There’s not much we can do if he decides you’re an adversary to Olympus.”
Rhodey glared at his friend, not amused by Tony’s indifference. “He said ‘We’re welcoming a new god to Olympus. You’re not invited.’” Rhodey hated seeing Tony living on the outskirt of society, separate from the only people who could understand him. He detested coming to Pyra with hateful messages from Fury, but Fury knew all. If Rhodey so much as though about delivering anything other than Fury’s exact words, nothing but suffering would await him on the Mountain.
Steve tensed up at that, but kept his gaze straight ahead. “Not really in the mood,” he answered, his tone clipped.
Tony had hit a couple of low points in his day, but sitting in his workshop accompanied solely by his bots and a bottle of his finest scotch, this was the lowest of all of them.
Steve couldn’t find it in himself to be surprised, but he caught his clothes before they could hit the ground entirely. Turning to face the offender, he was calm as he met Nick Fury’s gaze. He held his tunic at his hips, careful not to expose anymore of his body to the god of gods.
“Why do you need this?” Peter asked, rolling the helmet in his hands just to keep them moving as he spoke.
“You don’t believe him?” Steve questioned Natasha, still not sure where she stood in all of this.
Hello! Welcome back! I was nervous I wouldn't make my deadline today with my schoolwork, but we're doing it! And chapter 3 is here!
Steve gaped at the leader of the gods openly, unsure about what he’d just heard. He looked around the room, and every one of the other gods were staring decidedly at something that was not him, avoiding eye contact with both him and Fury. He could feel that anger radiating from the god at the head of the room as the silence prolonged, and part of Steve felt smug. This all-powerful, all-knowing god of gods was absolutely
The suit was laid out on the worktable in the center of the room, and Tony sat at the head of the table, frayed wires and scratched metal surrounding him. Peter sat to his right side, his head lowered, and an apologetic look contorted his features. Tony had noticed the gradual decrease in Peter’s mood, but he hadn’t said anything. There were too many questions he wanted to ask, but it was so easy for Tony to say the wrong thing—that was something he didn’t want to risk with Peter. The kid sat, watching Tony work at first, his leg bouncing under the table and his fingers drumming his thigh in a nervous habit. After a while, he slumped in his chair, his arms crossed over his chest, and his eyes closed. He breathed in heavily, trying his best to keep calm. “Mr…,” he began, trailing off—Peter wasn’t quite sure how to address the god.
“No, we can’t!” Rhodey threw his arms up in exasperation as he yelled. “We
It didn’t take as long as Rhodey thought it would for Tony to come back to consciousness, and he looked up at the sound of the god rolling over, the metal sliding over the ridiculous satin sheets on the bed. Tony groaned as he sat up, his suit creaking with the movement. “Rhodey?” he asked, bringing a hand up to cradle his head as he glanced across the workshop.
. Thank you to Victoria for being the first person to let me rant to about this fic, and for reading every chapter for me, you're an angel, a saint. Thank you Tiger for also listening to me rant about this fic, even when I have literally no idea what the fuck I'm talking about. Thank you for letting me bounce ideas off of you, you're the absolute best writing buddy. (To anyone reading these notes, read String Theory cowards. Tiger is amazing.) There are so many more people that I need to thank, but these two are so very important to me. Love you guys.
about the suit powering up, and it hummed to life, heat radiating off of the metal beneath his fingers. Now all that was left was finishing touches, and to see if it
He tapped out a response, even though he knew the answer to his question before he asked it.
Tony’s face softened a tiny bit, and even though it was only a little change, Rhodey caught it. “You’re right. I know you are. I just—I don’t know. When people take my side, or when I take their side—terrible things happen. I’m just preparing for the worst to happen.”
He knew that in the suit, Steve wouldn’t recognize him, and he used that to what he thought was his advantage. But as he got closer and moved to hook his metal-clad arms under Steve’s and lift them both into the sky, Steve made flight increasingly difficult.
at him. Steve knew that he had more to offer than just his outward appearance, but it seemed that no one around him was interested.
“Jarvis?” Tony asked, cutting through the silence. If his bots could show emotion, they were hopeful, gears whirring after hearing Tony speak for the first time in days. Tony caught himself looking at the ceiling to address his AI, something that he had picked up from Steve and the rest of the Avengers, and chuckled ruefully at himself. “Jarvis, where did I leave my phone?”
just a recap: peter is here now, in the bottom of pyra. not sure if it's mentioned explicitly, but he was trying to get to elysium to find his mom after her death. so he climbed, until he couldn't climb anymore, and then he was falling. but tony was there.
Steve’s eyes widened minutely before he shushed Rhodey, looking around with subtlety to make sure that Fury wasn’t listening in on their conversation. “Maybe a little bit,” Steve told him, his voice just above a whisper. “Olympus is exhausting.”
Tony came back around to sit at his workbench and Dum-E and You sat patiently at his feet, while Butterfingers whirred back around to his charging base. Tony toyed the wires that he had been working on, hardly attempting to finish the hardwiring of the suit. He knew that he needed to be ready in case Fury’s anger took a turn for the worst tonight, but he couldn’t think about anything other than the god of love.
“If something happens—If Fury tries something, and I can’t help ... —I would never forgive myself.”
“Just call me Tony,” he said, and Peter let out a breath.
Steve climbed out of his new bed and moved through the house solemnly. He picked up the tunic he had worn yesterday and threw it over one shoulder, cinching it at the waist with a fine gold rope. He hovered in his bedroom for only a moment before deciding to head to the great dining hall of Olympus.
Peter furrowed his eyebrows at that; he couldn’t tell if the god was trying to insult him, but he spoke anyway. He was proud of the way his voice sounded—unwavering. “I’ll be seventeen soon,” he began, propping an elbow up on the worktable and resting his head in his hand. “My mom started planning a party a couple of months ago. She wanted to make it a big deal. She always wanted everything to big a deal for me. I think she felt bad that it was just me and her.”
Tony grinned, handing some of the scraps to his friend, who returned the gesture. “Don’t worry,” Rhodey insisted. “We’re gonna get you out of here.”
He kept his head up as he approached the sculpture, almost as if he was assessing the damage done to it. There weren’t just cracks in the marble, it was as if someone had taken their anger out on the figure. There was an ear missing, and a crater took its place on the side of his head; a marble eyeball appeared to have been smashed in with some sort of blunt instrument. There, where the nose of Tony Stark should have been, was Clint’s arrow. For a fleeting moment, Steve wondered what the god of forge and fire could have done to enrage the Olympians to this degree. With his breakfast still in one hand, he lifted the other and yanked the arrow out of the sculpture, the stone coming to bits with the force of it. Steve stared in surprise as chunks of marble hit the ground surrounding the pedestal that held the bust, and he shuffled his sandaled feet out of the way of the debris.
Tony Stark:
Tony was a little more than halfway there, and he was gaining momentum steadily, but it wasn’t enough. Thunder clapped threateningly close, and without warning, a shock ran through the suit. A bolt had made contact, and Tony’s whole body felt as it was on fire, a current setting every nerve ending aflame. He went down, spinning out of control, his head hitting the side inside of the suit ruthlessly. Tony squeezed his eyes shut, bracing for impact, and he’d hit the ground at top speed in no time. The metal shielded his body from considerable damage, but a sickening screech filled the air as he slid through the dirt. He came to a halt, his head just shy of a boulder in the area surrounding Pyra.
Almost halfway through his bottle, Tony couldn’t bring himself to tinker with any of the projects that surrounded him. Dum-E nudged his foot lovingly, trying to bring Tony back out of his downward spiral, but all the bot got in return was a frustrated grunt as Tony sent him back to his charging station.
“Sorry, I’m… I’m Steve, god of love—”
“Oh?” Fury inquired, but Steve knew that he hadn’t convinced him with just that. “What makes you think that Tony Stark wasn’t ecstatic to have the god of love in his home?”
Steve laughed, mostly with relief, happy to know that he had a friend on Olympus. “Sure thing, boss.”
“Go,” he’d told him, his tone a rushed whisper. “Get back to the Mountain, and see what’s going on up there. I can get this working again, and I need to talk to the kid. He’s got nowhere to go, Rhodey. He’s staying here.”
“Already wishing you were back at Pyra, huh?” Rhodey asked, lowering his voice at the mention of Tony’s volcano. He gave Steve a knowing look, a smirk playing at his lips.
. “We may have a what?”
But he fell for only a moment before his mind reached out, and he grasped control of the suit.
Steve Rogers:
Tony quirked an eyebrow up at him, waiting for whatever message Rhodey was supposed to pass along to him this time. Rhodey stepped towards Tony, bringing his arms out, palms open towards the high ceilings of the cavern, as if he were shrugging. He met Tony’s gaze before speaking. “As always, he gave me no context. I have no idea why he wanted me to tell you this.”
Tony fell forward onto the couch once he’d made it safely to the living room, fumbling for his phone as he went. He pushed himself up onto his elbows, his feet coming up behind him as if he was a girl flipping through a teen magazine. He scrolled through the numerous text messages and missed calls on his phone, not really caring who had tried to contact him. If it was important, Jarvis would have told him. He thought, fleetingly, that it was a good thing no alien armies had tried to take over their planet in the last couple of days. Steve would kill him if he showed up to save the world with glassy eyes and alcohol on his breath.
But Steve’s mind was on Tony, alone in the volcano across the city from him. For all Steve knew, Tony could have gone back to his normal routine, never thinking twice about him, but meeting Tony had thrown a wrench in Steve’s life. He wasn’t able to explain it, but he’d spent the night before lying awake turning the events of the day over and over in his mind.
“You’ve been away almost the whole day,” Fury said, and it wasn’t a question. There was no disputing that the god knew where Steve had been. There was no point in trying to deny it, either, and Steve nodded thoughtfully.
made it back home, Rhodey didn’t want to take too long to get there either. He slowed down only a fraction, training his eyes on the ground below him. If he hadn’t been looking for it, he would have missed the familiar gleam of Tony’s suit out of the corner of his eye.
Steve stepped into his new home, his eyes absorbing the details that he had missed upon his earlier arrival: the invaluable art hanging on the walls, the lavish furniture throughout, the oversize windows allowing natural light to pour in from all sides. He moved slowly through the halls, familiarizing himself with the building once again. He would be living here for the rest of his immortal life, after all.
Steve travelled sullenly to the outskirts of the city, heading in the opposite direction of Mount Olympus. Athens was nestled in between Mount Olympus and the fiery home of Tony Stark, roads running far to the right side of the volcano. Steve had never actually been to Pyra—he’d never needed to. He didn’t need to today, but he didn’t want to go back to his large, lonely house on Olympus, and he didn’t want to stay in the remains of his beloved city any longer.
Now, Steve was walking aimlessly, pushing through the crowds of gods on Olympus. He made his way to the throne room, scenes from the Olympians’ meeting the night before playing in his mind. All of the other Olympians had gathered in the great hall, and the minor gods that were visiting had dispersed throughout the dining hall, courtyards, and the rest of the mountain, exploring the place as they pleased. Everyone in the throne room were talking and laughing amongst themselves, glasses in their hands always filled with drinks to their likings. The glasses were charmed to refill as soon as they were emptied of their contents, so the gods drank freely, the alcohol taking effect on their immortal bodies—and the day was only halfway through. Despite there being a party going on, Fury was seated in his throne and everyone gathered around him in a loose circle. Steve scoffed to himself, the obvious power move of the god annoying him. It was as if Fury was saying, ‘Yes, I’m the leader. If you want to see me, you have to come
Steve took that in for a moment, his mind already wandering to Tony. Natasha said
Steve stopped struggling and looked around, paying attention to his surroundings for the first time. Tony saw him stare solemnly ahead at the volcano, no question of where they were headed, and he knew that Steve had guessed who he was. Not that it was hard to guess, but there went his hopes of leaving Pyra unnoticed. Word about this would get back to Fury on Olympus before the day was over.
Tony’s workshop kept him busy anyway. Between the updates on his automatons and his new project—flight—he never really had time to leave his volcano. The only time he ventured outside was when any of the surrounding mortals wandered a little too close to the base of the mountain. Sometimes the strength of a god inside a volcano brought unintended eruptions.  He didn’t want to get too ensnared in his work and overlook an unsuspecting mortal—he quite liked the fragile beings. The other gods thought he kept the mortals away because of his recluse status, but he never bothered to correct them. People that stayed too close to Tony tended to get hurt.
He studied the god in front of him; he’d seen statues and heard stories, but none of that could do the man justice. When they called him the most beautiful man on the planet, they weren’t kidding. Steve had a thin white linen draped over his left shoulder, leaving the right side if his chest exposed, and the skin was pulled taught over the muscles there. His blonde hair was longer than Tony had seen it on the statues in the city, and his eyes were a startling blue, even in the dim light of the cavern. Tony was, for the first time in a long time, stunned speechless.
“Yes,” he replied, and he offered no explanation. No other information. Steve barely refrained from throwing a self-satisfied smirk back in Nick Fury’s face. Fury heaved a heavy, annoyed sigh, his shoulders moving up and down with the action.
He had to give it to Clint though, the guy was not backing down. He sped up a little bit, turning to block Steve’s path with his body. Steve stopped short of walking straight into Clint’s chest, and Clint raised his bow. Steve’s body stiffened instinctively, his hand twitching at his side, barely resisting the urge to reach up and snap the bow in half. Clint moved fast enough that Steve almost missed him loading his arrow, but before he knew it, Clint had fired the arrow over Steve’s shoulder. The arrow lodged itself in one of the many busts of the gods that lined the walkway that they had taken. He turned his head a fraction of an inch to look at Clint’s target, and he noticed that this statue was particularly damaged, and he presumed it was common for Clint to practice his archery outside of a shooting range. He could also guess that he was looking at the head of Tony Stark, the only statue that Fury would allow to be marred in such a manner.
was the last thought that crossed Tony’s mind. Before he could linger on it, let it overwhelm him, let the thought swallow him completely—he blacked out.
The next morning on Olympus, Steve was far from well-rested. He’d tossed and turned in a bed that was far too large, surrounded by a house that was far too empty. Usually, Steve would fall asleep to the clatter of the city of Athens around him—sometimes the sound would carry into the early hours of the next day. The noise used to annoy him, but after the deafening silence of his first night on Olympus, Steve longed for it more than he thought possible.
“I know that,” Steve laughed shortly. “It was hard to watch—Tony being struck down like that. I can’t understand why Fury did it.”
“No dad,” Peter confirmed, and his tone turned sad, but it wasn’t for his dad that he mourned. It was for his mother. “Mom said he left before I was born. The only thing I know about him came from her stories.”
She left without another word, the gold linen of her dress flowing behind her as she left, and Steve hopped up to slam the door shut. He stood with his back to the window, his brain racing and his chest heaving as he tried to wrap his brain around his encounter with the huntress of Olympus. He wanted nothing more than to run to Pyra—to give Tony some of the hope that had his own heart in a frenzied state. But he knew that all he could do was wait for Rhodey to return and tell him what Natasha had said. Maybe then, they could begin constructing a plan. Steve didn’t care who he made enemies out of. He would free Tony from his exile. He would bring him home.
Steve shifted on his feet uncomfortably. “I, um—I broke your statue in the courtyard on Olympus. It was an accident, but it was… it was already in pretty bad shape. Clint likes to use it for target practice apparently. He wasn’t happy.”
Steve gets comfortable in the hearth that is Pyra, but his absence on Olympus does not go unnoticed.
“No dad?” Tony asked, nonchalantly, but the gears in his brain were turning quickly, clicking all of the information into place.
He heard an amused laugh come from the direction of the breakfast table, and he glanced up cautiously. Steve knew that Fury had been watching him, but he wasn’t sure how he would react to the shattered effigy. Fury stood from the table, his eyes squinted in Steve’s direction, but his mouth was pulled in a tight-lipped smile. “Don’t worry about it,” his voice carried across the dining table and through the courtyard. “It was bound to happen sooner or later.”
. The panic tightening its grip on his stomach was something that Tony was familiar with, and he struggled to keep his breathing steady.
Tony Stark:
Tony shifted in his seat, leaning away from the suit, and folding his hands in his lap. He was uncomfortable, too—unsure of the way he should talk to the boy in front of him. “There’s nothing to apologize for,” he said, finally. There wasn’t—not really. He had fallen in, and Tony had caught him. He wouldn’t have let any harm come to the kid, anyway; that wasn’t the kind of god Tony was.
“Well, we may
This was the best idea he had ever had, and he had created his first bot before he’d even hit puberty. He swung his legs around and sat up straight on the couch, suddenly in a hurry to get his pants off. He shimmied his pants down around his ankles and to the floor, and his dirty band tee wasn’t far behind. In less than a minute, Tony sat in his big, empty living room in nothing but his small, black boxer-briefs. He clutched his phone, opening the camera and repositioning himself on the couch. He had his back to the massive windows behind him, setting a backdrop for his picture. Pepper would like that, he thought drunkenly, the New York City skyline in the background of his nudes. He kneeled on the couch and put his phone out in front of him, hesitating only a split second before deciding to grab himself with his free hand and taking the picture. He looked at it long enough to make sure he looked good and sent it without a second thought. The lower half of his face was in frame, showing off his trademark half-assed smirk and messy beard.
Tony scowled at him but let him go without any disputing. “Yeah, I hate this. I’ll see you.”
Tony stood abruptly, walking with purpose around the workshop and picking up pieces of metal as he went. “The faster we get this fixed, the better,” he said, bending with difficulty to gather some of the scraps. The bruising on his body had started to heal already, but Tony knew it would take a couple of days to get back to normal all together.
Thor glanced at her, his easy going nature dissipating with the conversation. “Fury has a way of. . . making sure that we all do as he says,” he said, a darkness in his tone. Steve was sure there was more to that story, but he didn’t push the subject.
Rather than moving to put the suit on, he tinkered with some of the metal in front of him mindlessly. His thoughts were far away, up on Olympus with Steve and Rhodey. It was dark out, the sun had long since gone down, but Tony could hear the thunder rolling outside of the volcano. He was far too familiar with that sound; it meant that Fury was angry. A storm was guaranteed to brew when Fury was angry. Tony only hoped that Steve and Rhodey were looking out for each other at the top of the mountain.
“I’ve told you, please call me Steve,” the oher god replied, sending a tight lipped smile in Fury’s direction. He looked around at the other gods once more, though each of them had their eyes on Fury. They were all here though: Hill, Rhodey, Natasha, Clint, Thor, and Hulk. Everyone of them had their eyes locked on their leader as they awaited the beginning of the interrogation, save for Thor, who glanced in Steve’s direction. Steve wasn’t sure if he’d imagined it, but Thor’s eyes almost looked... sad. As if he’d been in Steve’s position before. Without lingering on that thought too much, Steve turned to face Fury once again.
The pale blue skies engulfed him completely, and he was filled with an overwhelming comfort, unable to help himself from letting out a boisterous victory yell. He burst into elated laughter, almost disbelieving, and he swooped down towards the trees surrounding Pyra, the wind whistling through the new metal. Tony was almost childlike as he flew, his eyes alight with joy behind the mask.
Rhodey would take his side, but even then, they would be going up against everyone else on Olympus. That was the power of seven major gods, and no doubt Fury would rope in the minor gods to fight his battles alongside him. The only army Tony would have would be an army that he built for himself. All things considered, he
Steve chuckled weakly, and as he turned to walk back towards, he saw Thor and Natasha rise from their seats out of the corner of his eye. He turned his attention back to Clint, who was staring open mouthed at the pile of marble on the ground. Once he noticed that Steve was looking at him, he beamed at the man.
Tony couldn’t remember the last time he had seen Olympus, and honestly, he couldn’t decide exactly how he felt about that. He was young when Fury had banished him from the gods’ extravagant home, never giving Tony an explicit reason for his exile. But Tony wasn’t stupid; he had his suspicions. He didn’t miss being on Olympus—more like he missed the idea of the family, the home, that he should have. Instead of mourning that loss, he made his home in the bottom of a volcano, the only workshop that could suit the god of fire and forge.
“How’s it going, new guy?” Clint asked, enthusiastically. He reached around and grabbed his bow and an arrow off his back, fiddling with it as he spoke. Steve cocked an eyebrow quizzically at him, already on his guard with a weapon in Clint’s hand. He knew that Clint wasn’t a threat to him yet, but it was better to be wary when a skilled archer was present.
He couldn’t avoid Fury all day; he knew that the god of gods was planning some sort of welcoming party, and that he would expect Steve to introduce himself before the big event. Steve started a third lap around the mountain, and before he knew it he was once again standing in front of the estate that was now his. He crossed the threshold and stared in wonder at the elegant entryway surrounding him- the walls were a pristine white marble from top to bottom. Even the stairs in front of him were carved from the luxurious stone. The sight of it made Steve long for his humble home in Athens, surrounded by a community that cared for one another. But the battle being fought between the Athenians and the invading Spartans had left his once beautiful city war-torn. He had no choice but to flee to Olympus where the gods were enthralled by any newcomer.
He swooped downward, making to grab the man from behind and carry him through the sky to the entrance that he’d come from. “Hey!” he shouted from behind the mask of his suit, and the man swiveled to look at him. It was at this point that Tony realized that he wasn’t looking at just any man. He was fly full speed toward Steve Rogers, the god of love, beauty, desire—all of that. He felt his eyes widen in surprise as he recognized him, but it was too late for him to abandon his original plan of flying them both to safety.
that I work, that my work is very important, and I guess… I just liked the adrenaline of it all.”
“Okay, look, I get it, I get that you want me to leave,” James says, and he shoves a piece of paper into his hands. “It’s where I’m staying. Please, when you’re free, come and see me. Tony, please,
“Killing them?” Stone chokes out.
“No,” he snarls, “that’s enough sleep.”
Tony peers at him. “You’d be about the same age. James… James, what do you remember from before HYDRA had you?”
“I’m going to come
you.”
“I asked you to do one fucking thing, just one, just stay awake and watch me. Just wake me if it looked like I was having a bad dream. But you, you
Tony breathes fast and deep, clutching the towel around him. “Yeah, yeah, I did.”
Steve remains silent.
The killer is on top of him, and he’s fighting, struggling, kicking out with his arms and legs with an attempt to dislodge him. His fist flies out, comes into contact with the killer, who’s knocked back flying. The killer staggers for him again, and then, he feels something sharp in his arm.
Steve doesn’t know what he did to deserve a friend as good as Sam.
Warnings for this chapter: explicit sexual content, you might not agree with Steve in this because he sounds like a jealous dick.
“Fuck,” Steve says, his voice like gravel, staring down at him.
hello everyone! welcome back to pyra!
Rhodey started back towards the entrance of the cavern, his shoes keeping him just above the ground. “Hate that I can’t stay buddy, but I’m sure I’ll see you soon.”
He waited for her to say more, but she stayed perched at the foot of the bed, looking back at him. She finally readjusted, turning her body and pulling one leg up onto the bed so that she could face him. “I know that you’re technically an Olympian, so you know who we are, the stories that the mortals tell. But you haven’t been on Olympus for a long time.”
Steve knew that Rhodey would take care of Tony once he’d gotten to Pyra, but Steve couldn’t help the ripple of anxiousness that rolled through his body. He wanted so badly to be on the way to the volcano with his newfound ally, but Steve knew that the god was right. For both of them to leave would only cause more trouble. And the last thing they needed was more trouble.
He shook his head to himself, pulling himself out of his reverie. The time to linger on thoughts about Steve would be later, after he had finished his work. After he had figured out how he was going to protect the ones he cared about from Fury’s rage. Then Tony could figure out what it was about Steve that kept him circling through his brain.
“It does, kid,” Tony agreed, finally sitting back from the chest piece. He wiped his hands on his tunic, crossing his arms in front of his chest. “I’m sure your mom was right—that your dad was a good man.”
“Have you been to Pyra?” Steve asked, shocked at the goddess’s knowledge of the situation.
Tony went back to work, watching Peter out of the corner of his eye; he wouldn’t stop worrying about the kid any time soon. His mind was reeling at a pace that he couldn’t keep up with. How did Peter get into Pyra? Why could Peter touch the suit? Why didn’t it seem to hurt him? Mortals couldn’t touch anything constructed by a god, much less the Mark III. The results were deadly—skin burning bright red, flesh melting off of bones. He’d seen it happen before, but Peter hadn’t so much as flinched when he’d brushed his hands over the armor.
"Shut up. Here. Just. Please heal. You scare me sometimes. Your suit shut off completely and…JARVIS was offline. He said he couldn’t detect…"
"Don't get any ideas. The walls are thin." He huffed and turned away from me.
I took the bear and burst out laughing. "Please tell me that Nat got it on video!" He blushed and handed me the sherbet.
"Yeah no…it's fine I'm out of practice too." He sat next to me and put a hand on my shoulder. "No hard feelings. It's kinda natural to do that." He relaxed into the couch and played on his phone. "If you can sing and you feel comfortable doing so, I would love to hear you." I blushed and put on another record.
"Tony, we are not inconveniencing Mrs. Barton with that. We'll leave in the morning and get you fast food."
I passed out on the couch, sorry.
And now I'm here. He texted back.
"I get along without you…"
"No shit I-" I went and grabbed more wood from the pile. "Look I was just saying, I wanna see if you snore or some other embarrassing shit that I can sell to the tabloids. Does Cap sleep commando? Does he talk in his sleep? I take all the blankets, literally all of them. Then I toss them on the floor when I get too hot. So no one gets the blankets, cuz I said so." Steve laughed and scooted just a bit closer to me. I could smell him. He smelled like sweat and pine. Was it the farm? Can you even smell in a dream? Was it just the memory replaying like on those old projectors?
"We're not soldiers." I shook my head. "We're friends. We're a team. Come back." I tried my best to scoot over and leave room for him on the bed. He slowly sat next to me again. "Just pat my head and tell me I'm cute, that's how I heal up the fastest"
The song was playing and. We were on a mountain. Red Skull was there. We had to get some sort of something to stop a villain . And Red Skull said that one of us had to let go of the one we loved most. Steve nodded and looked around. "He's not here." That's all he said before his eyes got really wide and he looked at me. "Oh. No I. I can't. I won't. One of us has to die?" Red Skull just nodded and led us to the edge of the cliff. One of us had to die, the other had to let go, for us to get something that was at the bottom. Steve nodded and looked at me. He smiled. "I really mean that much to ya huh?" He leaned in and kissed me. "You'll get along without me just fine. Just…stay away from people that laugh like me or whatever." He ventured closer to the edge of the cliff and looked down. "If…you're sure this will save…everyone then." He threw his shield at me, knocking me back from stopping him as he jumped. And I heard him crash. I heard his bones break and his skull shatter. And I couldn't move the entire time. I was paralyzed. It should've been me that jumped. Mockingly the song just played over and over in the background and I was in a pool of red.
"Mhm. This one is a classic you know. A lot of singers recorded classics with their own spin on it. This one was sung by Bing Crosby in a movie I watched way back when" He hummed the melody and looked at me.
"I didn't know you could sing." He stood up and grabbed my hand. "Here. I'll show you how we danced back before I went under. Nothing like whatever the kids are doing these days." He led my hand to his shoulder and put his hand on my waist. "I'll uh lead you follow. Just. Listen to the trumpet. " We swayed around for a bit until I put my head on his shoulder. He stopped abruptly and looked at me "Tony-I.."
"except perhaps in spring…" No fuck I swear I heard it. Look, I'm a man of science that's why I'm keeping a log of all this. But I heard the fucking song. I heard it. I texted him, here's the text for the record:
"Fine. But know this is the two beers talking. And put that phone away…if Clint finds out, I'll never hear the end of it." I cleared my throat and went to the bar to mix another drink.
"Of course I do.
Chet Baker. That's how Steve and I first started talking about non-work related shit. I fucking loved the guy, voice like butter. Too bad he debuted when Steve was under. Yeah in '53 I think…anyway, Maria loved him and I kept some of the records.  He did some jazz standards and I was talking to Steve about those. We were hanging out in the living room of my penthouse. Steve liked to go up there sometimes. This was pre Ultron…post black hole. My brain likes to fuck with what memories it replays on the projector.
"Funny each time I fall in love…it's always you…" I sang, unconsciously I guess. It's just a good song, a fucking classic. Steve heard me and laughed. "What?"
"Steve-" I tried to push him off but he was so much stronger, so much bigger.
I never got along well without you.
Fuck FRIDAY. I need to schedule time to see him. I have this feeling eating away at me that one of us is gonna die without us getting to work things out. I just want to apologize. If that happens, give him access to this log. What he did to me really fucked me up but I'm not without fault. I broke out friendship, our trust. I thought we could be something else but he always had Bucky and I was never meant to be more than just his friend. I know he cares about me. At least that's what my brain is telling me. Unless I'm delusional and all those memories are fake. Please just Steve, if you ever get access to this, know that I'm sorry and I never got to tell you. I loved you and I never got to say it. It wasn't just romantic love. I loved you in so many ways. I cared about you.
Anyway, I had another one.
So I caved. FRIDAY, write this down.
"You. Killed. Bucky. You. Took him. From me. You." He kept hitting me. And sure enough, there was Barnes, in a corner. Or what was left of him. His arm…I…did I tear it off? I couldn't breathe. The chestplate was caving in…the sensors beeping, Steve wouldn't let up and-
"Did you ever meet anyone I should know about?" We ordered pizza that night and I took a slice. Buffalo chicken, which he thought was disgusting but he got his own fresh mozzarella and arugula one.
“By the Stark Tower, you mean-”
Startled, Tony raised his eyes to meet his and saw that the blonde was gently smiling at him.
Steve took a deep breath.
century so that people could get a glimpse of the man behind the mask - into that huge heart of his.
“I know but-”
Tony went down the few steps coming from the bar, towards the two fighters still standing in the entry way - Shuya had took off her suit so that Veronica was waiting for her at the first floor.
Steve slid the door open and they discovered Shuya on the couch sipping whatever mixture she had made for herself - certainly nothing her age would have ever allowed but they were way beyond that now. Steve winced and instead chose to focus on Iron Man.
He only met him in person during the Chitauri’s invasion - landing next to the living legend in Berlin where they had Loki pinned down, trying to stay casual, keeping his voice even when he saluted him, “Captain”, as if it was not his father’s hero and his own hero - and their paths diverged right after that. But that didn’t mean he didn’t keep looking after him. Especially after SHIELD fell.
“Tony, are you here?”
“Steve... Look.”
When the battle of the helicarriers happened, he wasn’t there - he had his own problems to deal with. But as soon as he learned what Steve had gone through, he flew to DC to the hospital where he was recovering. Tony was here when Steve woke up. When he told him about the Winter Soldier - about how he had discovered that his best friend had been spending the last seven decades as a brainwashed assassin. He was here to listen to Steve’s story and why he had felt so distant during the battle of New York - because Steve wasn’t just out of time, he was also out of friends.
The blonde looked up at Shuya who had her hand cupped. He briefly wondered why before she caught another white star. A third one landed on his nose. It was snowing.
“I did the snapping. Everyone disappearing... that was me. I did it.”
Tony opened his mouth. And then shut it. He shook his head, trying to process everything that had just happened within the last three seconds. Too much, seriously, damn too much.
“Tony, please, don’t be too hard on yourself, you-”
in the back of his neck. Hear his voice directly in his ear.
“Sir, Captain Rogers and Ms Shuya are at the doors. Should I let them him?”
Tony raised his hands like he was defending himself.
“We both know that it’s not what I want. Cap, it’s been five years. We can’t keep doing this, it’s ridiculous.”
Tony wasn’t looking at him anymore. Of course he knew. Even after the Civil War happened, he always looked after his friend. Hell, he was the reason that Cap and the other rogue Avengers weren’t that much pursued after their escape from the prison. Tony covered their tracks because he didn’t want Steve to be alone again.
Steve took a step in his direction, reaching out with his hand and Tony didn’t move away. But the blonde didn’t touch him, he just offered his open palm as both a gesture of peace and authority - he did that kind of gesture when he wanted people to follow exactly his lead. It was his Captain America gesture.
The brunet lifted his head towards the sky. Despite the snow, it was a clear deep blue sky. The stars could even been spotted. The snowflakes came down lightly from the cerulean ceiling like an illusion - like a whisper. Wherever they landed, they immediately melted. Tony caught one in his palm and watched it disappear slowly.
“What did you do.” He asked.
They had been chasing these robots for months now. With half the population gone, the countries all around the world had rapidly fallen into chaos and you can bet that HYDRA had seized the damn opportunity to kick off a rule of terror.
“Tony!” Steve called him back, “Seriously, what game are you playing at? I came here to talk to you because I thought- God, Tony! Yes, I pay attention to the world! Everyday, I prevent the new regimes to either fall into HYDRA’s hand or into another military tyranny. I try and I spend my days trying!”
Without thinking, Steve had grabbed Tony’s wrist - Tony always waved his hands when he was talking, in this delicate manner that Steve had grown to love watching because it was less about Tony showing off or being cocky than Tony being sensitive.
“We did and it worked.”
The brunet turned to face him, shaking his head with irritation.
That was Steve’s nightmare, the demons that were hunting him - the thought that it could be true, that he would never be able to let the war behind him. Thus Tony cared so much about Steve that he captured Steve’s demons and put them along with his own. He tried to end the war - once and for all - for Steve - and nearly got them all killed in the process.
Steve nodded, thinking back at all their sparring sessions and training together. All the techniques every Avenger invented with one another so they could be even more efficient and no matter who they were with. As Cap had trouble landing safely after a fall from the heaven, Tony had decided that he would always be the one to catch him, no matter the circumstances.
to discover from their
He had been hoping - for five years, he had desperately been hoping because once they lost the Hulk for two whole years - that Dr. Banner was still alive. But now he had confirmation that he wasn’t. Another one to add to the list...
needed Steve.
Steve raised an eyebrow - out of surprise this time.
He retired to the balcony and was glad that Steve made no attempt to follow him - or argue with him.
The man wondered, though, how that must feel, standing so high above everyone else. Because that sure was-
“Well” Tony continued, “the sad new is, I, on the other hand, am not. I’m nothing like you. Never was.”
If she was using the Hulkbuster then... Tony buried his face in his hands.
“I love you Tony. So stop beating yourself up.”
“Oh. Well, that’s gonna make our task easier.”
“What do you mean? What is this all about Tony?” he asked, frowning.
His father, Howard Stark, found the Tesseract while looking for Captain America and he, the son, found Captain America himself. Not in person of course. Not even via one of his numerous companies. But as soon as he heard the news - not one hour after the Captain was found trapped in the ice - he gave nearly unlimited credits to SHIELD and watched over Steve’s recovery from close.
“Yeah, Boston. A crazy Russian spy.”
Shuya immediately reversed back the suit to its humanoid form and landed on both of her feet.
“You just do whatever it is that you want to do and then you say it was right because you decided it.”
“Please, Cap, you have to speak with Tony.”
“I’m Shuya” said the girl. “I come from Wakanda.” She blushed. “I’m sorry, Mr Stark, I’ve been using Veronica since the battle against Thanos. I wanted to ask you your permission but I, er, never could find you.”
It's been a few months and I still get nightmares. I mean Bruce made me go to therapy and they said it was what, PTSD last time? Isn't what they called "shell shock" or whatever? Hmph more like Shellhead shock am I right?
Very well" His corpse sang at me. He grabbed me by the throat.
Day 4: 2:33am
"When was the last time you slept?" I asked, looking around and seeing a blanket and his phone charging on a couch nearby.
I turned around so he couldn't see me be so flustered. "I- look I'm not all AC/DC and Sabbath! I'm a man of culture and. Yeah I like jazz but I'm picky about it. " I shoved the entire piece of pizza in my mouth and he laughed, scooting closer.
Day 8: 9:37am
This one wasn't a memory with him. Or at least it didn't start out that way. I was in the black hole. I was suffocating. All over again. Then I heard it. That fucking song.
Day 8: 3:46am
Right ok so
"I get along without you…very…well"
And then I woke up. And came down to the lab. To work on these goddamn blasters. Cuz this is literally the first time I've looked at repairing the suit since. Siberia. Whatever. I logged it, you happy now? Call me Kirk, sign off the Captain's log I guess. Fuck.
"It…last night. I'm fine you just took a beating and. You know if you keep landing on your side you're not gonna heal up right. Ribs are a bitch to heal." He handed me the Build a Bear, an Iron Man one. "I wanted to get you something special and Nat told me that there's a place where you can build bears now. I had to wish on the heart, I'm pretty sure it's a business model made for 12 yr olds but…Nat made me-"
Day 1: 8:43pm
Steve chuckled and I swear I could see him blush. The memory just…engraved like those old timey photo plates. Permanently etched into my brain. "I thankfully never had Jello salad but those army MREs were no joke. " He cut another log and looked at me. "You knew you were in deep shit if the only thing you were looking forward to was M&Ms airdopped and crushed. They didn't melt but they broke into sprinkles."
FRIDAY, we're gonna need to invest in something to keep my memories intact. I might have to go to Wanda or something I don't know if she trusts me enough to help me out like that. Or maybe it's her. Maybe she's doing this to fuck with me for revenge. If she is, she's making me consider jumping off the helipad. I've been avoiding dreaming. I guess if I sleep less than 6 hours I avoid dreaming. So I've been keeping it short, sweet and to the point. 3 hours here, pass out for 2 there. Cold brew and caffeine pills to avoid sleep mostly. It happened again. That's why I'm here, documenting it. And now it's beyond nightmares. It feels like a premonition. Wherever he's run off to, I don't know if he's safe. Nat won't tell me. Her and I text from time to time but she won't tell me a location. I asked if she would tell me if anything ever happened to him and she just texted a smiley face.
“I know.”
Seriously, why did Tony ever care about that righteous asshole?
“Me? I don’t mean anything. You came here.”
The brunet sighed.
“I know you’re still bitter about the Accords but I-”
“Please” repeated Shuya.
The blonde shrugged.
“I did it because I didn’t know better. Because you weren’t there to tell me what was the right thing to do. And the kid- I wanted so badly to save Peter! I swear! I thought that I could control it. I knew they would all come back eventually, but I didn’t realize... I didn’t realize that it would actually feel so wrong. And that it would be so difficult for the rest of the world, too.”
“Let’s hope it was the last one in that state.”
“Okay, no more independence Cap” had said Tony with a mild smile, “from now on, we’re roommates.” He stopped for one second before waving his hand around. “Also, there’s probably gonna be Barton and Romanoff too. Sorry for that but they just appeared in the Stark Tower last night.”
Probably because of that smile that appeared on his face when he looked back at the sky and the snow falling more densely now, that smile that made anyone believe in a better future and in a better version of themselves no matter what they may have done in the past.
“You were the one who was right. I hid the truth from you. I ran away with Bucky and I put everyone at risk instead of trusting you.”
“Don’t worry, Cap, I’m on it!” the Wakandan girl chimed in his com with her beautiful singing accent. “Okay, Vero, like we practiced!”
Now, Tony could see it: it was all but a disillusion. Steve never needed him.
“You know what? You’re right. There is no point in that meeting.”
“Merry Christmas, Cap.”
So, as always, Steve was right.
Tony cared so much about Steve and Steve... He just used him, didn’t he?
The shield bounced back on the HYDRA-bot - a giant green robot that looked pretty much like an octopus - but not before giving it a severe dent. The robot turned its huge glowing head and started to walk - or slide or whatever it was that it used to move - away.
He could hear the arguing in the other room - apparently, that girl Shuya had one of a strong personality - and after a while, the sash door slid and Steve stepped out on the balcony. Tony didn’t look at him, busy opening and closing his hand - and each time, he closed it on a snowflake and opened it to nothing.
But Tony ended up fighting Thanos alone.
Yep, definitively that smile.
“We had actually worked on that technique.”
Maybe, he thought, if he made himself irreplaceable, Steve would stay forever at his side. Steve was so good while he was so not that he wanted Steve to feel like he needed Tony near him. To fit in that new word. To stop being lonely. To fight alongside friends.
Steve stiffened and closed his fists.
Steve spotted the slim figure of that not-so-tall man, turning his back on them. Suddenly, the giant TV screen on the wall lighted up and showed a footage of an early Avengers mission, so many years ago. Through a amateur camera, Captain America was being seen falling through the air before Iron Man caught him. Then the man threw the Captain again, towards the plane they were trying to stop.
Steve came leaning on the railing, next to him, watching over the silent, sleeping city - they both knew the calm was only apparent though.
He started to walk towards the door to the common room not even realizing he had grabbed Tony by his elbow on the way. The genius frowned.
“Stop your bullshit Rogers, you don’t understand. I’m not like you. I couldn’t resist. I let him convince me. And so I did it.”
“He... He’s gone too. He disappeared along everyone else.”
“You did... what exactly?” he asked, starting to get suspicious - but Tony wasn’t listening anymore, his words were flowing down freely out of his mouth.
“Yeah, exactly. You didn’t pay attention. You never pay attention, anyway.”
Damn Steve. How much did he let the man take advantage of him.
“Tony, listen.”
“Yes, of course. For like, three years now. But we needed you and er, I wasn’t ready to face you yet.”
“You want to go back home?” he asked her.
The brunet looked briefly at his grip, almost puzzled, before shaking it off and turning away on his heels.
“So what? That’s what the media does. I usually don’t pay attention.”
- that not only did Bucky murder his parents but also that Steve knew all along. Steve knew all along! What more could Tony do? He had a heart but a single fucking one - and Steve already broke it when he refused Tony’s help at the airport.
The voice of Rogers suddenly resonated within the vast room, taking him back to the present.
They formed a good team, all the Avengers together. Yet Tony couldn’t help but think Steve and he formed a great team. Steve had his flaws (believe it or not) amongst which the fact that he was never wrong and still managed to be Tony’s closest friend - maybe more than Rhodes. Tony was willing to do so much for Steve. He knew Steve could handle himself and didn’t need his help but that was exactly the way Tony was: as he grew closer to his new friend, he couldn’t let him out of his sight, couldn’t let him fight his own battles alone.
“Yeah, we did it!” shouted Shuya as soon as the HYDRA-bot was down.
The brunet shook his head sourly.
Tony hunted Steve’s demons and it nearly destroyed the whole team.
“But since you’re here, tell me: how’s the life of the righteousest man on Earth going? Pretty well I assume? Do you pay attention to the world falling into chaos or-?”
He took a brief inspiration. It was almost as if he had been proud of Rogers; proud that the legend lived to it, proud to make everyone shut up about him, proud to be around Cap because it made him feel like he was becoming a better man. Proud because he helped Steve to fit in the 20
However, he didn’t realize it at that time - he didn’t understand that it may not have destroyed the team but that it had destroyed Steve’s faith in him. It was only when the Accords and its controversy happened that Tony saw that Steve didn’t trust his hands to be safe anymore.
The blonde took a deep breath.
“I thought you were coming back!” he shouted. “I waited and I- and I hoped! Because you said that whatever was up there, we’d fight it together. But I was alone! Alone with just the kid and-”
Tony rubbed the back of his neck and kept staring at the screen. Steve drew his attention back to it and saw that it was now showing news (the sound was still muted though).
“By the way, merry Christmas Tony.”
And then, that was it. The gesture, the tone, the Accords that he couldn’t care less about... Tony snapped.
And Tony got too shocked to even keep crying - let alone to reply.
“Steve...?”
He and Shuya moved forward into the room. It used to be the common room, the one with the giant balcony on their right - that Shuya was currently ogling at with envy - where they would “assemble” after a mission. Now the room was almost devoid of any furniture - and memories. The Avengers Tower had been sold long ago yet it seemed that in these hours of despair, Tony had chosen to return to it.
Steve Rogers, the former Captain America - though she couldn’t get used to that idea, especially since Queen Shuri had a new vibranium round shield forged for him - was a bit less exited than she was.
“Christmas is for tonight, after all” the girl mused.
He bit his lips. What was the point? Why did he go through all this trouble? - trying to keep Steve’s name clean no matter what, trying to protect him, to cover him. Hoping that Steve would realize how much he owed Tony and that he would finally come back to him. Come home.
“The fuck Tony! THE. FUCK. What did you even-?! How could you even! All these people- And it’s been five years! FIVE FRICKING YEARS TONY!”
Steve smiled tenderly at the remembrance.
Before he could even realize it, Steve had his arms wrapped around him and he could feel his breath in his neck. He could feel his
“I know what you were trying to do but I- I think I just got scared for Bucky, you know? I saw the governments ready to take him in and I... I admit, I panicked. I couldn’t let anyone lock him up in a cage again. I mean, did you see how they treated him in Berlin? It was-”
“What the-”
When Wanda’s dreams hit them all hard, he helped Barton getting the Avengers to his farm. Steve didn’t open to him about his dream but he knew enough to guess; he could also remember every word Ultron uttered to his friend.
“I’m sorry, who are you?” he asked out of sudden, facing the teenage girl who was accompanying Captain America.
“I know, Steve, I saw it. You’re right. You’re always so damn right. Even since the beginning. My father wouldn’t shut up about you and when I got to finally meet you I figured that he didn’t lie. Captain America. So. Damn. Right.”
But he guessed that there would always be someone to follow him. To follow the living legend he helped stay both alive and a legend.
That was it; right here - that was the whole story. Even when Captain America was being selfish, even when he was putting civilians at risk, he still managed to do “the right thing”: saving his victim of a long lost and brainwashed best friend. How did Tony ever hope he could argue against him?
He looked one more time to her then to the seventeenth HYDRA-bot they had taken down - or was it the eighteenth? - and sighed.
Steve laughed. It made Tony felt warm inside. The guy was really full of surprises - not the last one to roast Tony, too, but in the billionaire genius philanthropist’s point of view, it was actually a plus.
But after Afghanistan, everything changed. Pepper showed him that he could truly, deeply love. The Avengers became his friends, people he could rely on and people that were - most of the time - glad he was around. Steve especially, proved him how much he could care about others. Because Tony cared a lot.
“Stop it.”
“Do you remember?” asked Tony, finally turning to face him.
“Shuya! Don’t let him escape!” yelled Steve.
“Wait. What? You- You have a plan?”
He put a firm hand on his shoulder and Tony could feel all that super-soldier warmth - pretty nice actually, as he was kind of freezing out there (he wouldn’t admit it though. Especially to Steve.)
He stopped to catch his breath and looked. Steve had taken one step backward and was staring at Tony with the biggest frown on his face that Iron Man had ever seen. His voice was calm but cold as ice.
The teenage girl had the Hulkbuster climb to the top of the nearest building and at Cap’s signal, she threw herself and the suit through the air in the direction of the HYDRA-bot’s head. As soon as her foot left the roof, the suit transformed and became a ball of metal, completely smooth - and more unbreakable than ever. The ball pierced the armor of the robot entering it in one side and getting out on the other.
She lifted her helmet, revealing her abundant curly mane and her giant goggles that allowed her to see what was happening outside the suit no matter what form it currently had taken.
“But I’m here, now. We’re back together and we haven’t lost yet - hell, even if we have to lose again, I’ll make damn sure we’ll still do it together this time. So, tell me, where’s Thanos?”
Steve kept yelling at him, pacing furiously the balcony, not even trying to finish his sentences - he was letting his frustration speak for him and anyway, it wasn’t like there was anything relevant to say about that or nothing that Tony hadn’t already told himself.
