On Monday, he goes to class as per usual. He starts to wonder if Dean will join him in the library. Part of him hopes that he doesn’t, just out of the fear of it being awkward.
“Mmm, you do too.” Castiel sank down all the way and hummed, taking a minute to adjust. “This is perfect.” He lifted himself up and dropped back down, a growl rising from his chest.
“We’re okay. Like you said back in August, totally platonic.”
Dean’s face flushes. “I’ve had a lot of sex, but only with women, not men. I’ve never even watched gay porn. I think I was afraid to.”
“It’s our week of paradise.” Dean hummed and finished washing himself. He stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel, drying himself off. “I never thought we would have this either. I wish it was longer, but as long as I get to have you, I don’t care how long it is.”
Gabriel pats the bed. “Talk me through it.”
Cas’s smile grows a little. “Excellent. I’ll see you then.”
“I thought the bags we put in the wall got rid of it.”
Dean sighed. “It’s only because he’s very high profile and he didn’t want to be recognized. It’s not a big deal. I’ll find out when I get there.”
“Are you not worried?”
Dean looked back at Castiel and saw him pulling his shirt back on. “It’s okay, it’s your house too. Sorry I interrupted.”
Castiel got into the driver’s seat and picked up a sleeve of DVDs. “Claire, do you want to pick a movie? You can turn the pages and find one you like.”
Sometime later, the knotted dildo had deflated on its own, maybe the valve in the pump wasn’t fully sealed. The dildo was half-hanging out of Dean and he was soaked in sweat and slick. Coherent thoughts didn’t form anymore. He heard the door open but didn’t respond. His cramps were getting worse and he groaned. He heard a deep, rumbling voice that made him purr and open his eyes. He saw Castiel’s concerned face and felt a soothing hand on his cheek. He nuzzled into it and stared at the other omega, watching his lips move.
“Hm, some people can do that but you said essays are hard. Make it easier on yourself and make an outline. Make three bullet points for your body paragraph topics, and make a few bullet points under each of those for your arguing points. I know this essay isn’t an argumentative one, but you’re still making points, so find your points and outline them. Once you have that, you have a guideline for exactly what to write. It’ll flow much easier.”
Sam pauses before speaking again. “So you study English? Is it a fun major? I’ve been considering it. Law schools accept a lot of different majors and English is a popular one.”
“Green.” Dean pouted.
Castiel put a hand on Dean’s shoulder and looked him over. “Are you starting your heat?”
Castiel watched as Luke left, his crossword long forgotten. It was obvious what he had to do now, but he didn’t want to. It hurt to even think about it, but he had no choice. Protecting Dean came first.
With the slow movement, Dean’s mind is blank. His mouth opens and closes as he struggles to find the words. “It’s...it’s good. It’s...it’s so much better.”
As soon as Castiel heard the car coming, he stepped outside the front door to watch. When a man stepped out of the car, Castiel had to hold his jaw shut to keep it from dropping. This guy was drop-dead gorgeous. What was his name again?
At home, they’re more touchy. Dean slides his hand across Castiel’s lower back while passing him in the kitchen. Castiel rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder to watch him cook.
Dean moaned and whimpered. “I-I think so? Whatever you say, sir.”
Dean stood up. “I’m showering.”
It took another full day before Castiel finally emerged from his room in the morning while Dean was making breakfast. The second Dean heard footsteps, his heart jumped into his throat from the excitement of seeing him again. He took a breath to calm himself before looking at the doorway to see Castiel walking in. The guy looked like shit. He had dark bags under his eyes, his hair was wet from a shower, and his clothes didn’t look like his own. Dean hid his grimace when he realized that the wrinkled white shirt was probably Luke’s.
“You better watch yourself or-”
“Then don’t.”
He couldn't believe it. That was really a human, right there in the station. The thought made him uneasy. At least the kid was in a cell. Dean shuddered a bit at the thought of him leaving that cell soon. Who knew what kind of trouble he’d get into? Hopefully, since he didn’t have any memories, he wouldn't have any kind of hatred towards monsters like other humans did.
Castiel turns on his TV and starts a new season of Masterchef. He starts describing all of the contestants to Dean as they’re introduced. Dean seems very entertained by the whole thing.
“I’m glad you thought so.” Michael wrapped an arm around Dean and held him close for the ride back to the house.
A party sounds like a good way to unwind. Castiel doesn’t want to get super drunk there, but just enough to feel good.
“You heading to class?”
“Shut up, I’ve already seen you shirtless before.”
Castiel locks his bike at the rack outside the building and walks up the stairs to the door. He sticks his hands in his pockets and ignores the voices that are at speaking level now. They don’t seem to be getting any louder, so he doesn’t worry about it too much. He knocks on Meg’s door and waits for an answer.
Luke walked in a few minutes after the car left. “Time’s up.”
Dean felt really, really guilty after reading that. He marked the email as unread and set his laptop aside, anxiously waiting for Castiel to return.
Castiel whispers back and holds Dean a little tighter. Another feeling has joined the mix. It’s a warmth spreading through Castiel that grows hotter with every passing second. Castiel’s kisses move to Dean’s neck and his hand slides down his boyfriend’s back.
“Yeah, especially with Michael trying to get me pregnant. I’m pretty sure he’s sterile, because all of my tests came back normal, and he’s been trying for almost a year.” Dean kept his voice low so that Claire wouldn’t hear him over the sound of the TV.
Castiel nods and looks at his suitcase. “Yeah, finally. You?”
Castiel paused in thought. “How far do you want to go?”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, keeps me busy. I like food.”
Dean looks at the time. “It’s getting late. Did you eat dinner?”
Dean rolled his eyes and laid his head back down, turning his body away from the alpha. He felt the plane start to move and his heart jumped into his throat. It was fine, it wasn’t off the ground yet. Dean begged his body to fall asleep, even as the plane started speeding down the runway. He was grateful for the suppressants he was on that would make his scent milder, so hopefully, he wasn’t stinking up the plane with fear.
Castiel held onto Luke and huffed. “Luke! I’m not going to be able to walk!”
“Cas?”
Castiel let out a sigh of relief. “Perfect. It’s going to be okay, I promise.”
Sam’s arrival was very much anticipated by everyone. Dean cooked for him and told Castiel about how this was one of Sam’s favorites.
On Christmas morning, Castiel has to pretend to be excited about Santa for his younger cousins. The youngest is a newborn and there’s three-year-old twins. Castiel’s Christmas list is made up almost entirely of books, and that’s what he receives, that and the sweater his grandma knits every year.
It becomes hard to keep everything a secret. They frequently have friends over and have to act like they’re still just friends around them. Dean is surprisingly good at playing the part. It’s Castiel who is the weak link. He gets nervous around their friends and chokes on his words every now and then. Despite this, he manages to keep his mouth shut and their friends are clueless.
“For your sake, I hope it does. I know you don’t do well cooped up. Bobby’s already worried about you.”
Dean looked at the phone and then back to Castiel. “Thank you.” He leaned forward and quickly kissed his lips.
“Well, you're in my car, almost at my house. Castiel will come visit when he can, and we’ll find a safer spot for you soon.” Dean parked in the driveway and got out of his car. “Quickly, before my neighbors see.”
Dean gasps, grabbing Cas’s thighs tightly. “Holy shit.” As Cas sinks lower, the heat pooling in his stomach only grows.
Dean chuckled softly and looked over his shoulder. “I have more shredded potatoes for hash browns and we have lots of eggs.”
“I know there’s stuff stuck in them back there. I have to get if out or it’ll rip out my feathers.”
“Mates? Marriage?”
Dean felt a little sad that Sam had to leave so soon, but he was really glad he was able to come at all. It made Chicago feel a little more like a home with Sam there.
“I can’t be that much older than you.”
The realization hit and Gabriel ran a hand through his hair. “Shit...I had no idea. I mean, I knew you two had a thing. It was obvious just from watching you two interact for a few hours a day. I know he has the...equipment needed to get someone pregnant. I didn’t find that out on purpose. He was having a rough heat one time and I checked on him, and he told me.”
“No! I mean, yes, I’m still interested in a relationship. I just don’t think we should wait.”
Castiel slowly unbuttoned his shirt before sliding it off and tossing it towards the hamper. He leaned over Dean with a hum. “That collar suits you. Maybe I should have you wear it more often, just to remind you that you belong to me.”
Castiel held Dean’s wrists in place as he pushed back in, a little slower this time. Once he was in, he paused, giving Dean a moment to breathe.
“Did you come out in high school?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Shut up. They’re comfy.”
Castiel grinned. “Who’s impatient now?”
Instead of staying in the living space to be around Dean, Castiel retreats to his room to hide. He closes the door and lays back down in bed, staring at his phone. He briefly glances at his rainbow flag hanging on his wall. It feels like the flag is mocking him. He had struggled to meet anyone who was LGBTQ, and now that he’s met someone he likes who has the potential to be attracted to him, he gets rejected.
Dean nodded. “Sounds about right to me. I can say with confidence that you’re the nicest angel I’ve ever met.”
They sat on the couch together after dinner, Gabriel telling customer stories to keep Castiel distracted from the anxiety of wondering if Dean was okay.
The group migrates to the kitchen and starts snacking on the various goodies scattered around Gabriel’s kitchen. Jo remarks that they should start drinking soon, since it’s verging on 8pm.
“I’m fine.”
Once he was ready, Dean walked downstairs to the kitchen and started surveying the kitchen for ingredients and materials. He decided on making french toast, since he easily found everything he needed to make it.
Castiel’s face was just as red as Dean’s. “No, we shouldn’t have.” He stood up. “Look, I like you as a friend. I’m married, I love my husband. I don’t know where this is coming from, but I promise I’m going to try and control it. You’re getting engaged in a few days-”
Dean smiles at Castiel. “It’s cool to see how passionate you are about school. You work hard.”
Castiel sat at the table. “I don’t really feel like talking right now. I’d appreciate the company, but I don’t want to talk.”
Castiel runs to the edge of the cliff. “Dean!” He hears Gabriel and Zachariah clashing together behind him. He starts to jump, but then the fear bubbles up in his gut. His fear of water from being human seems to have stuck around. He swallows and runs over the edge, diving down towards the waves below.
Castiel watched the birds for a minute before leading the way back to the sunroom. He looked around. “Everyone looks pretty thirsty.” He walked up to a long, rectangular planter that was sitting in a glass tray. The plant in it…well, it looked dead. It was flat, the leaves all drooping down the sides of the planter.
“Oh, right, you don’t know. Cas is the adoptive father of Luke’s kid, Jack. Luke knocked up some poor girl who died in childbirth, and Castiel adopted the baby. He’s two now.”
“Today was his first day in Chicago. He’s from our New York City office. He moved here for a promotion. I’ve met him a few times before when I’ve traveled there on business trips. He’s always been like this. Because he’s so hard on his employees, people are on their A-game. Sometimes he’ll pull good numbers, but morale is so low that it barely matters. The New York office had the worst employee turnover rate the whole time he was there. He got promoted because he pulled the best numbers for two years in a row, now he works right under me and drives me crazy all day. I’m keeping a log of employee complaints about him and using it as evidence that he’s the worst.” Michael walked to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
Castiel laughed softly. “There’s just not much to tell.” He didn’t seem to mind what Dean said.
Ash is practically Jo’s brother, though not by blood. He was adopted by the Harvelle family as a young child, so he grew up in the Roadhouse, Ellen’s bar in Dahlonega, a town in the mountains way up in North Georgia. Dean talked about visiting the Roadhouse as a teenager and how it was the only place he knew in Georgia. Part of his motivation to transfer to UGA was to be in the same school as Jo and Ash.
“I like that shirt on you.” Castiel smiles and sits down next to Dean.
Dean didn’t think he was that tired, but when he got in bed, he could barely keep his eyes open. He sighed in defeat and pulled the covers over himself, relinquishing himself to sleep.
Castiel placed the back of his hand on Dean’s forehead. “You feel really hot. Michael got you some...supplies. You need to use them to try and bring the heat down. It may help ease the cramping too.”
Castiel chuckles. “Well, he’s dead now.” His face drops. “Wait, does that mean I killed my writing professor?”
After lunch, Claire usually got a little sleepy. She didn’t take a nap very often, but it happened on weekends sometimes, when she wasn’t at school. Dean took her upstairs and tucked her into the bed to sleep for a little while.
Castiel laughs. “I drank one beer of yours after you offered it to me, that hardly counts.”
“Wait, slow down. I waited five years for this too. This is our first time doing this without fear. We’re free. Let’s make it last.”
“No, I need to shower and change clothes. I’ll go home tonight.”
When the moment came, Dean walked down the aisle in a perfectly tailored suit, his arm linked with Bobby’s. Bobby gave him a pat on the back once they arrived, and Dean stood in front of his soon-to-be-husband. Michael looked incredibly happy to see Dean, which melted a lot of his worry. His biggest fear was Michael backing out of this. To see him this happy made Dean finally relax a little.
“Hi. How are you?”
Dean looked at the last plate of food meant for Castiel and thought about bringing it upstairs. Maybe something had happened? He thought about Castiel and his feelings about privacy, which made him second-guess taking the food upstairs. Rather than try that, he covered the plate in tin foil so it would hopefully stay a little warmer than if it were exposed.
Castiel nods and holds his hands out. He takes one of the pills with the water Dean brought. “Thank you.”
Castiel sighs. “Weeks. Maybe a little more than a month. It’s really annoying.”
Dean shifts, chewing his lip to bite back noise. No one has ever touched him like that, and he loves it.
Castiel hears Dean’s voice, but he doesn’t have the courage to face him. He cries harder, pulling on his own hair. He feels hands on his own, untangling his fingers from his hair. He grabs the hands and holds them tightly instead of pulling his hair. The voices continue to shout at him. “Please! Leave me alone! Shut up!”
Dean nodded and grinned softly. “Don’t have to wait until I’m asleep if you don’t want to now.”
Dean gasped at the pressure on his throat from the collar. He jolted and came hard, crying out Castiel’s name. His thighs shook and he panted hard, his breathing barely affected by the tightening of the collar.
Dean crossed his arms. “Well, I’ll be damned. I heard it was super illegal here.”
Dean was an anxious mess all morning. Sam had just landed and was on the way. Dean had made lunch, turkey burgers. He knew Sam liked them a lot, especially this recipe.
A paternity test proved that Claire was Castiel’s daughter. It was an emotional day when those results came in. They already knew, but the concrete evidence was enough to bring Castiel to tears.
“That’s great, but I asked about you. How are you?”
He ventures out of his room to sit at the table. Dean hands him a big plate of food and a bottle of Gatorade. Castiel chugs half of the bottle before starting on his food.
“Huh? What’re you doin’?” Dean mumbles, opening his eyes.
Castiel picked up a washcloth and their body wash to wash Dean. This was probably Dean’s favorite part of their usual aftercare. Castiel didn’t always bathe him normally, but after a scene, this was perfect. Castiel also gave fantastic scalp massages when washing his hair, so that was a bonus.
Castiel takes a deep breath and lets his hands drop to the bed. “You’re right. I’m sorry.”
Dean grabbed Castiel’s shoulders, watching him with wide eyes as he pushed in. Castiel was big, and everything felt glorious. Castiel was slow and gentle, making the entire ordeal so much sweeter. It was such a relief. Finally, they were here. They were connected and free.
“I won’t.” Castiel whispered, breathless moans escaping his lips. It didn’t take him long before he was lining himself up with Dean’s cock, his dark eyes meeting Dean’s. “You ready?”
“They don’t know how we met?”
The pair were led to a table at the back of the restaurant. Dean stared at the leather-bound menu and shifted in the fancy, padded seat. Michael took the seat opposite him and opened his menu. He was about to speak when his phone started buzzing. “Hm, I need to take this. If I’m not back in time, get me a glass of cabernet and the beef bourguignon.”
Castiel smiled smugly. “I have two brothers-in-law.”
Castiel shifted anxiously from where he was standing, a little to Dean’s right.
“I’ll be home early tonight, around 6:30. We’ll leave for the dinner at 7, and we won’t eat until about 8:30, so you might want a snack around 4.”
“Why did you do this for me? Why are you helping me? Are you just some kind of gay saint that helps guys figure out that they like dudes?” Dean asks, his brows scrunched.
Meg stares at Castiel and nods. “Okay. So I guess we wait.”
Castiel feels tears welling up in his eyes. “I still feel human. Zachariah said that I wouldn’t feel anymore, that it wouldn’t hurt, but it does. I feel everything. I feel the pain of all the things I’ve done, all the wars I’ve seen.” He takes in a shaky breath, tears pouring down his face. He looks at Dean. “I did it because they were going to kill you. They’re still going to if I don’t return to them.”
“I shouldn’t have done this. I can’t even leave the house to try to help him if I wanted to.” He dragged his hands over his face. “Ignorance really is bliss.”
“Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel waved back before leaving the kitchen to go upstairs. Dean looked around the kitchen for a minute before retreating upstairs as well. When he got to the bedrooms, he started debating which room to go in. He didn’t want Michael to be disappointed when he woke up, so he finally decided to go back to Michael’s room. He quietly climbed back into bed and wiggled underneath Michael’s arm. He felt warm under the blankets and a little better with someone holding him while he laid there. Sleep came a little easier this time, and it was peaceful.
Castiel hopes he doesn’t have to walk into Meg’s apartment but his hopes are dashed. Meg invites him up so up he goes. The building is much smaller than the one Gabriel lives in. The apartments are quaint and small with just enough room for the two people living there.
Castiel smiles. “You’re leaving for Sioux Falls on Monday, right?”
Dean rests his elbows on the table and his chin in his hands as he watches Castiel. “You’re gonna be a great professor one day. I can already picture you doing it.”
Cas kisses Dean quickly. “I would love to go out with you.”
Castiel’s eyes widen. “A what?”
Castiel shook his head, taking Dean’s hand. “I’ve been dodging questions. You have every right to be curious.”
The man standing next to him has to be the most beautiful person he’s ever seen. He’s about Dean’s height, maybe an inch shorter. His hair is dark and messed up in the most perfect way. The part of him that takes Dean’s breath away is his eyes. Staring into them feels like walking out into the ocean to be swallowed by the waves.
Dean walked along the trail, watching the tire tracks to make sure that they didn’t lose them. He wished that he wasn’t in his work suit, because it was getting muggy out.
Dean’s eyes widened. He had felt it too, but in his orgasmic high, he didn’t even register that he wasn’t supposed to feel Cas coming. “Well, we don’t have to worry too much. With suppressants, you usually have to wait a heat or two before you’re fertile again, and PCOS can cause trouble with fertility.”
“Alpha, beta, or omega?”
“You can talk to your sister now. She’s closer to him than you are, and maybe she’ll reach him soon.”
That night, Dean bandaged a particularly bad bite on Castiel’s shoulder. Since Castiel had only been with Luke for a year, this was the fourth rut he’d seen. This was the first time Luke drew blood.
“You don’t? I do.”
Dean led the way out of the alley and looked around the street they were on. He saw a little mart across the street and decided to try them first. He walked inside and asked them if they had seen either the mom or Jack, showing the cashier pictures. The guy shook his head, and they were on to the next store.
Castiel nods. “Same here. I think we’re both going to be exhausted for the next week. That was heavy.”
“Are you okay?”
Dean rubs Castiel’s arm. “You don’t seem as upset about the voices as you were before.”
Meg throws her arms around Castiel and hugs him tightly. “Finally! It’s been forever!”
“You can have some.”
“No, I won’t. It’s in the past.”
Dean had been so afraid the whole time he was here that he would feel trapped or scared once he was married to Michael. He couldn’t have been more wrong. He really liked Michael, and it wasn’t hard to imagine the rest of his life with him. He had a best friend, two brothers-in-law, and a pretty cool husband. He got to spend his days in a mansion and cook for himself whenever he wanted to. Sam was taken care of financially. Everything was going to be alright.
Castiel smiles softly. “I’m honored, then. Congrats on coming out. I know from experience how hard it can be.”
“I will. See you around.”
“Hm, a night of discovery, then.” Castiel pulled out. “Turn over.”
Dean gently takes the binder, surprised by the generosity of this gorgeous stranger. He opens the binder and skims through the pages. He reads through a few of the definitions, but he keeps coming back to one.
February moves into March, right around the middle of the semester. Castiel and Dean buckle down for their midterms for a week and then spring break starts. Castiel tells his parents that he’s sick and that he doesn’t want to go on their trip to the Grand Canyon, so he stays in Athens. Dean stays with him.
He needed to man up. How hard could it be?
Lisa had been a good friend to them since they'd moved here and her son, Ben attached himself to Jack and Claire immediately. He found Claire cool and Jack was always there to play with him and knew funny facts about everything and that made them the best people in a then five-year-old’s eyes. Victor had been Lisa’s boyfriend at first, now his husband of three years and a loving step-father to Ben. Also quite great for a cop – Dean didn’t trust those on principle. They got along just fine with each other, unlike with Gordon, who was smart enough to retreat into his car.
“It was a long night.”
Cas seemed affronted, but after a moment his shoulders slumped.
The tea was perfectly cold, Cas’ side was pressing against his, and he was gonna have his family together in a couple minutes. Everything was great.
There was a click.
They checked if any of the bodies was still alive, but no dice. They had only spent an hour or so in the glade but half of that time was spent getting branches for a big enough pyre.
Because he knew Cas was about to argue that it wasn’t the same, Dean leaned up to silence him with a kiss.
They didn’t talk about it again but some of the tension eased. The morning brought a well-rested Sam who was nice enough to grab them some breakfast before they piled into the Impala and drove back to Black Hawk to pick up Cas’ car.
“Supposedly came to check on me after yesterday.”
Well, he tried.
Cas’ orgasm was a surprise. Its only signs were the full-body shudder and the brief flickering of the lights overhead. His ass clenched around Dean’s cock that made him see stars and it didn’t take much to let ecstasy take him over like a tidal wave.
“He’s an angel, Sammy,” he said.
“No,” she admitted reluctantly.
“Just be quick,” Dean gave up on it. “Found where they’ve found her, Sammy?”
“But you’re –”
“So, Cas, what happened to the reaper?” Sam asked after the pyre caught fire.
“I want to kill him,” Cas gritted out. “What he did wasn’t just.”
“We’re coming with you,” Jack said.
Dean did get around to actually be productive. He went to the nearest department store (so he would be less likely recognized than in a local grocery store), did the laundry, put some cash in his getaway bag and cooked. Five things in one day, wow.
“Then lead the way,” Dean waved his hand, taking a deep breath to push down his fear.
That did make Dean suspicious.
“No, thank you,” he started walking towards the back corner, navigating through the tables with ease. Sam followed him, his gaze jumping from one place to another. Dean shot an apologetic smile at the woman before hurrying after them.
“Cas, uh,” he started to stumble through it, but he wanted to ask this and hadn’t found anyone who could’ve a better answer. He certainly wasn’t gonna ask a demon and Cas had a probably close to infinite knowledge in his brain. “If we can’t get your mojo back, if you can’t bargain with that Crowley – what’s gonna happen when they come for me?”
“He’s been there for me from the beginning,” Cas clarified. “I want him there with me now.”
Cas kissed his cheek and disappeared inside, voices already reaching Dean before the door closed. He closed his eyes and sighed then sat down onto the steps. He just needed some time to himself – and a lot of sleep.
“We should go,” Dean panted.
Cas gave an indignant sound, but Gabe was already sprinting down the other direction. There was noise coming from the room below them.
Cas bucked up so suddenly he almost sent Dean flying off the damn bed and he had goosebumps appearing all over his body. His scent was all cracking electricity and sweet honey and Dean wanted to devour him.
“Who are you?” she looked between the three of them with raised eyebrows, not lowering her gun. Her speech was somehow strange.
As Victor opened the front door again to leave, he almost bumped into Charlie. She looked just as surprised, fist lifted in the air like she was just about to knock.
“Seems like it,” his husband gritted his teeth.
Cas didn’t look away, just pressed his lips into a thin line.
He looked… normal. Or as normal as he ever got.
“He was a CEO, you dumbass,” Tracy Bell, the newest addition, fresh out of high school, scowled at him. “I think he had a couple other people to worry about.”
“We can check out the place tomorrow evening,” Cas agreed with a defeated sigh. “You call Sam in the morning?”
The door opened in a couple moments, not far from the break room where a couple agents were having coffee.
Dean sighed and stabbed his fork into his rabbit food.
“Not much trouble?” Cas repeated. He looked like he wanted to punch Dean. “I don’t even know I believe you.”
“Alright,” Cas nodded softly, leaning his head on Dean’s chest.
Dean took the paper from him. It was a phone number and an address in Orono, Maine.
Cas’ expression was mirroring his own terror, but then he was already running towards the door not far from them. There were the typical sounds of a fight going on, and Dean hardly realized they were in the library not far from the kids’ school as he was in the room full of metal shelves and boxes filled with books, probably the storage.
“Cas,” he murmured, eyes closing and a little sigh of pure relief escaping him.
The first thing he registered was the beautiful deep blue eyes locking on him, and damn, the rest wasn’t half-bad either. Castiel Novak had mussed-up brown hair that seemed really soft, a jawline to kill for with a light stubble, a straight nose and chapped pink lips. His broad shoulders were hidden under a simple white shirt with a dark blue tie and the black slacks made his hips look deliciously narrow and his thighs firm.
“Dean! Dean, stay with me,” Cas asked, no, begged – Cas never begged – his beautiful blue eyes blurry with unshed tears. Dean felt a sudden burst of pain in his chest as something pressed against the wound and he groaned. “I know, love, I know.”
“How did you…” he heard Sam’s voice as he was laid on the hard ground.
“I’ll dig some more. You look into that reporter,” Bobby stood up, ending the business part of the conversation.
Warmth spread through Dean’s chest.
“Hell I am,” Dean scoffed and tried to contain a wince as the sunlight shone straight into his eyes.
“Only the archangels and there’s four of them. And maybe His scribe, Metatron, but I’m not sure about that.”
“Yes, yes, thanks to you. It was my ex, he’s kind of a jerk. I don’t know what would’ve happened if you haven’t stepped in.”
Cas came first, his body shuddering over Dean’s, his face hidden in the hunter’s collarbone. Dean followed soon after, hips stuttering and eyes rolling into the back of his head as he let go.
Dean threw a hand around his shoulders and pulled him closer.
“I think you’ll get shot as soon as he recognizes you.”
“It’s strange,” he said after maybe a minute of silence. “Being here. Knowing what I do now…”
“On the corners. We should be just two doors down, so we can avoid them.”
“I left a note,” he murmured. “Told you I won’t be gone for long.”
Their tongues danced around each other, teasing and playing. Cas’ hands sneaked under his undershirt, pinching a nipple and Dean made a sound between a yelp and a moan.
Dean leaned forward and rubbed his hands over his face.
“That’s why we’re here, right?” Dean looked around dramatically.
“You got it, babe. Love you,” he smiled without meaning to.
“You okay, Cas?” he asked his husband.
Dean didn’t have time for games.
“Starting to come back to you now, is it?” Dean smirked smugly.
“I better get going now.” She stepped forward and took Cas’ hand in both of hers, keeping eye-contact all the while. “I would be grateful if you could send this incantation to your brothers and sisters. They deserve to decide for themselves if they wish to see us. Probably not, but knowing that the possibility’s there would maybe give them some closure.”
Dean’s heart dropped to his stomach. Flying? Him?
“Looks good on you,” Cas nodded at the glasses and Dean felt blood rushing to his face. He pulled the glasses off and handed it back to Cas who took it with the barest hint of a smirk.
Bobby had been shot. Dean could see at first glance that it was not deadly, but the wound was on his calf so running would be hard to do, even with the adrenaline. He ran back and threw Bobby’s arm over his shoulder, Sam doing it on the other side, and they made their way towards the meeting point. There was an old dirt road not too far that was hard to find and on the other side they would be mostly safe.
“There’s a loophole for everything.” He already seemed to be deep in thought, pulling a heavy tome from a shelf.
“Good,” Bobby stopped on the threshold. “Now go. And call me, ya hear?”
They met Cas in the war room.
Cas was on him in a split second, angel blade already in hand and stabbing the guy straight through the neck. The zombie crumbled to the ground, dead – again, Dean guessed. The blade wasn’t even bloody when Cas twirled it in his hand and made it vanish with a flick of his wrist.
“Yep, that’s me,” he gave her a big, forced smile.
Dean was just coherent enough to wrap his fingers around Cas’ forearm resting over his abdomen before he nodded off again.
He took another big gulp of his drink.
“Sunglasses,” Dean nodded.
“I’m sorry your brother had to go through that,” he said earnestly, his gaze sad and open.
“You say my coat’s ugly all the time,” his boyfriend pointed out.
“We could go to The Witch’s Lair,” Sam suggested.
He was just about to examine the strange little slits in the stone walls – probably to let some kind of deadly gas into the room if the need called for it – when Crowley reappeared with a laptop and a small cardboard box in hand.
“Not perfectly, but yes,” Cas nodded. There was a smile on his face as he looked down at Dean from his half-sitting position. “Sleep, Dean. I’ll watch over you.”
“I think you did pretty good,” Dean had to admit. Something was nagging at him still. “What happened to Kate?”
Cas was back in a couple minutes, flashing Dean a brief smile and handing over a Styrofoam cup and a ham sandwich.
There was a moment of silence.
“Talk to Sam,” he said lowly. “I’ll call Benny and tell him we’re skipping today. I won’t leave the house because we don’t know what the hell could happen and you need an outsider to talk to. I trust Sam.”
Sam let out a scoff and even though Dean didn’t glance at him, he was sure his brother was rolling his eyes.
“We have?” Claire looked at them with raised eyebrows.
As they neared the porch, something else became evident. Jimmy’s scent shouted mated Alpha. It was eerily similar to Cas’, more of rain than a full-on storm, but muted by a layer of fresh paint and a hint of – bubblegum, maybe? The mating bite peeking out from under his shirt collar was another clue, too.
“Of course,” Cas rolled his eyes. “But you’re tired. Take a nap and I’ll tell Bobby what we’ve learned. I’ll be back with a sandwich when you wake up.”
“I was just inviting him over to my place,” he said casually. “Should’ve scented him then. So sweet, just waiting for a real Alpha.”
Sam patted the roof of the Impala and turned to go inside and Dean started the way home, cranking up the music to drown out his thoughts for the little while he had peace and quiet for the next couple of days.
“You sayin’ the Vice President killed all those people in that village?” Bobby frowned.
“What?”
“Are you alright?” Cas turned to look at him fully, hands twitching with the urge to check him over with his powers.
“Maybe for the better.” It would’ve been suspicious. It sounded awful, but Dean would rather let a stranger die than let Cas get in any danger. “I guess we can do a little research. It couldn’t hurt.”
He started walking and Dean kept up with him, Sam and Eileen behind them.
“Her name was Sydney Danielson,” he sighed. “She was a thirty-two years old Alpha with two children, mated to Antonia Novak. It was 1901.”
“Fuck off! I’m fine!”
Plan sketched out, Dean leaned up to kiss Cas and press him down on the mattress. They could work out the rest later.
There was something familiar in her tone and it took Dean a moment to recognize it. Cas had been just the same when he had met first John, then Bobby. A person who otherwise didn’t care about anyone’s opinion, meeting someone who was important. Important enough to take away something they didn’t want to lose. So they had to be careful.
Dean’s heart swelled with love as he pulled her into a tight hug. Claire didn’t even try to protest, just nuzzled into his shoulder. She was always the more observant one.
“Good morning, dears. What can I get you?”
“You a hunter?” Dean had to ask. If she was a Woman of Letters or something, she would be more interested in Cas. At least he hoped so.
“Cas! Dean!” she shrieked like a proper four-year-old.
“Well, good luck,” Victor added, frowning a bit at her serious tone. “Bye, Dean.”
“We have an hour before I’m meeting up with Charlie and Dorothy at Donnie’s. She says they don’t wanna hurt you. If that’s true, then I pray to you,” he turned to Cas.
“Have you seen my coat?” Cas’ feet appeared on the rickety stairs, the rest of him following.
So execution of the mission itself was left to the brothers and Bobby, who had put up a viable protest, but was outvoted into being their ominous general. Sam and Dean had to play his bodyguards.
When it was nearing midnight Dean decided to stop at the nearest motel. Cas suggested that he could take over, but they needed the alibi and Dean was tired of sitting in the car. They both could use a break.
“You, too.” Jimmy’s tone was just slightly dubious.
“Alright,” Cas nodded after a moment and fuck, those blues were deep.
“No, but –”
His heart skipped a beat and a smile pulled at his lips just by hearing it.
“Make it one,” he proposed.
“I’m checking the archives,” he grabbed the list and disappeared through the nearest door, leaving them alone.
“Actually, you are,” Charlie looked up, chin propped on the table top.
“Not gonna argue with that,” Dean admitted.
“What the fuck?” Sam whispered. Dean hurried to help him up, worry taking over the amazement, but his little brother seemed to be alright.
Cas leaned back up to kiss him again and Dean pulled him closer before letting go. There was the sound of the package getting ripped open and a low moan when Cas rolled the condom on, then slicking himself up.
“You go that way, there’s a Biggerson’s at the end of the block where you can climb into the rest room and disappear in the back alley,” Gabe pointed at the row of connected roofs, a characteristic feature when half of the street consisted of so identically built buildings.
Well, okay. Dean shot a look in Sam’s direction. He had said so.
“In the beginning flattered, of course,” Cas shrugged. “But I wasn’t interested and his continuous disregard of that made me uncomfortable after a short while.”
The knife was in his hand with a thought as he strode over to his best friend, stabbing him straight in the chest.
“Where are we?” Dean looked around in awe. They were pretty high up on a mountaintop, one of the many of what he could see. He spotted a big lake some distance away, surface glittering in the last rays of the sun. The only sign of humanity was a lonely hiking path way beneath them.
“Dean!” he faintly heard the sound of shouting.
No, instead both Jack and Claire spent more and more time out of the house, whole afternoons disappearing who knew where. Dean couldn’t even stop that, because their homework was always done, their grades hadn’t dropped and they were always home for dinner or would text an hour beforehand that they were gonna be home by ten for curfew.
“I think you’ll do a better work,” Kaia shook her head after a long moment. “I can hold a grudge. Can you take me home, please? I ran all the way here.”
“They have other purposes than flying, of course. The feathers should feel hard to the touch in some way. It’s because they could be used both as a weapon and a shield.”
“I heard you two have children?” Dorothy asked between two bites.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You want to summon a demon?” he asked in lieu of greeting.
“I want to do this,” he said seriously. “I waited long enough and I don’t want to endanger you or Amelia or Claire with not knowing enough.”
“’Dragging you through history’,” Cas made air quotes, knowing exactly what Dean was thinking about again. Or he was thinking about it, too.
“Hell’s Grand Torturer,” Cas shuddered just by thinking about it. “He’s the definition of what you would call a ‘sick fuck’.” Those air quotes were still adorably dorky.
“Nice to meet you,” Cas nodded at them. “What can we do for you, agents?”
“Sure,” he sighed. Dorothy nodded at him gratefully. Dean nodded back, then extracted himself from Charlie’s grip and with a last, tired smile shot in their direction, he walked (limped) across the street.
“We’ll tell you immediately,” Dean looked at him with a shake of his head. “Where’s your sister?”
The debacle of Miracle’s sleeping arrangement took a little time to settle but finally Jack had won today and they agreed to keep their doors slightly open through the night so she could wander around. Cas insisted to keep the master bedroom’s door closed (“You want sex, the dog stays out, Dean,”) and Dean went to bed exhausted but glad with how the day had turned out.
“Yeah, she’s good. She’s a trooper. She’s playing on the playground in Cas’s backyard.”
“I was thinking today that I want Dean to stop his suppressants. The way things are lining up, he may end up with one of his mini-heats right before the wedding and possibly the day of. I’d hate for him to be uncomfortable all day on a day that important. If he stopped the suppressants now, he would start and finish a heat within the next ten days, guaranteeing a heat-free wedding and honeymoon. The only problem is-”
Some time passed before everyone moved to their seats. Dean and Michael were at one of the front tables, their names written in swirling cursive on fancy name cards. Luke sat down across from them, and a few minutes later, Castiel was next to him. Two men and two women joined them, faces Dean remembered seeing when being introduced to people, but names he couldn’t recall.
“I know. Is that okay with you?”
“No problem. I won’t write your essay for you, but I’m happy to look over it for you and give editing pointers if you’d like.” Castiel smiles back.
Dean looks around. “Damn. It really is rush hour. Is this the highway that goes straight through the city?”
Dean chuckles. “Whatever you say.” He steps out of the room and closes the door.
Luke came around the corner with a relatively composed stance and expression. He didn’t look upset, but everyone could sense the change in his scent. His eyes were on Sam, and he seemed to be looking him over, trying to decide if he was a threat. Dean thought Castiel would have spoken first, but Gabriel was the first to chime in.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder and yawned. “We should get some more sleep.
“Um...yeah. I have.”
“Oh, no. I very much prefer to be alone during my heats, but thank you for the offer. That’s very kind of you.”
“What if I’m just freaking out for no reason and I just need to do it?” Castiel looks at Dean. “I want to, it just makes me so nervous right now.”
“Do you want to?”
Castiel walks back to his room, his chest feeling lighter. He always got a good feeling when he had a pleasant reaction to his sexuality. This didn’t compare to the relief of coming out to his parents and them being accepting, but it was still nice.
Dean looked mildly relieved at that news. “Okay.”
Castiel frowns. “Was it about us? Or about your ex?”
“Okay. You want to work out?”
be a bigger problem later, that means your eyes are open to it. You have a support network, Dean. Use it.”
Dean came back into the building just as Mia was leaving the bathroom.
Tears streamed down Dean’s face. “Christ, Mia,
“Wait. Michael was imprisoned in your head, and now he’s in Sam’s head? I’m confused. How’d he get from one to the other?”
“Okay, remind me, Dean. Who, exactly, is Amara, again?” Mia asked.
“You said something yesterday, Dean. That how when you get angry with me, you’re not really angry,
“Whether or not Castiel needs individual therapy would be up to Castiel. I certainly would not be averse to talking with him if he wanted to come in, but I have no idea if that would be something he might want or feel a need to do. I don’t believe that you’ve described him as someone with a myriad of psychological problems, desperate for time on a therapist’s couch?” Mia quirked up an eyebrow.
Dean and Cas watched fondly as Sam nodded, turned, and sped back across the train car to tell the joke, to great affect, Alfie and Anna breaking out in fresh peals of giggles. Sam gave Dean a thumbs up, and then turned back to his friends.
“Yeah, I don’t know, Dean.” Castiel raised his voice a little to carry across the car. “Sam, Anna, Alfie, c’mere a sec?”
“Oh, that’s a good one. You might want to lower, not the volume, but the pitch; you scream that high, it’s gonna hurt your throat to do it more’n once. You gotta pitch it right at the place where you’d be most comfortable singing, and almost sing the scream. That way you can make it last a lot longer, too.”
“And how did you feel, Dean?” Mia asked.
favored me over you, and all of that was wrong.
“I understand, Dean. You were a child, forced to become a parent, and take on responsibilities you never should have had to deal with at that age. I think you
“What are you doing here at this ungodly hour, Pam?”
“No! But I don’t think it’s fair that I didn’t, when everyone around me so clearly
“Fine.” He went in the kitchen and got down two mugs, filled them both, and got the creamer out of the refrigerator. He liked hazelnut flavoring; sue him. He splashed some creamer into his coffee and offered it to Pam, but she preferred her coffee black, so she waved it off. They seated themselves at the kitchen table, and he waited for her to pester him.
killed Jack, I would have died, as well. When Sam shot Chuck, he winged him - hit him the shoulder. Gave both of them a nasty wound, that isn’t healing in either of them. The gun’s been destroyed, by the way. It’s gone.”
“Hey, Mia?” Dean asked, quietly.
Mia continued reading. “I like your letter to your mother, Dean. I’m a little confused here. You say that someone named Amara brought your mother back. Is that back from the dead? Who is Amara?”
Mia nodded. She opened the notebook, and passed quickly through the pages from his earlier assignment, which she had already seen. She found the entry written the same day as his last session, and began to read. She nodded occasionally, as if agreeing with some point Dean had made in his writing.
“No. Well, the stupidity upsets me, too, of course; but no.
Dean's next therapy session with Mia starts.
“Yeah?” Dean’s grin turned into a smirk and he let his hand wander down Cas’ abdomen.
The place was a whole damn panic room.
It took a minute until they were both aware enough to move. Cas pressed a light kiss on Dean’s lips before slowly pulling out and rolling onto his back beside him.
“Nothing. I’m sorry, I was out of line.” The words were clipped and perfectly matched Cas’ stoic expression.
Dean pressed the bell that didn’t ring and spoke loudly, looking at the well-hidden camera just over his head.
“You just did,” Dean quipped with a smirk.
He pressed a last, lingering kiss on Dean’s lips before walking out the door to put together some lunch for the kids before he left.
Wooden cabin. Minimalist, but certainly lived-in. He and Sam were sitting against one of the walls, and there was a crick in his neck from keeping his head tipped down to his chest for so long. There must’ve been some time since they had been captured then.
“How are you even doing that?” it burst out of him after Cas’ third hole-in-one in a row. They were on the third lane.
They rolled into Sioux Falls around three. Being back here always made Dean smile. How many summers had he spent here just strolling the streets with Sammy or disappearing under the hood of one of the cars in Bobby’s garage, either helping him or later doing it by himself? Or when he had dragged Cas with them after being together for almost a year and sneaking away every chance they’d got to find the most random car and make out in the backseat.
“Of course I do,” Balthazar pulled on his necklace. Instead of a pendant or medal there was a small vial hanging on it. Something that wasn’t smoke but wasn’t exactly liquid either was shining through, a bright blue-white light swirling inside. Angel grace. “As if I would let
“You understood all that?” Bobby asked carefully.
“So they’re now where exactly?” he asked.
“That’s a good thing to know, but I think that would be a great invasion of privacy,” Cas said, taking the news easily. It wasn’t so farfetched, after all. What’s a little mind reading after everything else? “And I especially don’t want to see Gordon’s thoughts.”
“Would you tell him to stop?” Claire stormed into the living room, her blonde waves almost flying behind her.
“You wanna talk about it?” he asked, his fingers wandering over Cas’ back and neck, down his arm and up into his hair.
“Claire’s trying to seem like she doesn’t care about her studies but she’s got a steady 3.8 average,” Dean grinned proudly.
Cas’ face was so incredibly affectionate and hopeful Dean wanted to bask in it forever. He could hardly believe he’d been able to live without it before. Or not before, just, y’know, live without it.
“It was me,” Cas spoke up as he walked up to them, his face still like he was examining Gordon under a microscope. “Couldn’t sleep. Not that’s any of your business.”
“You’ve talked about him in past tense,” he tilted his head like a bird. “I figured his status has changed, I’m sure Dean presumed the same.”
Cas reached the bottom of the page, looking up like he was waking from a trance.
Fair enough.
“Claire and Jack will be at the shelter all day, right?” he propped himself up on an elbow. He watched as Cas’ back muscles shifted under his skin, missing the wings as much as appreciating them not obscuring the view.
“Still got more than half a year, man,” Dean waved it away but the queasy feeling in his stomach was back.
Cas seemed to be beyond words, the only sounds leaving him grunts and groans and something that was almost Dean’s name. When his movements became more erratic, he wrapped a hand around Dean’s dick, jerking him ruthlessly and Dean was coming with a shout muffled into Cas’ neck, his whole body lighting up from the inside, his mind shutting down, vision whiting out. He barely felt as Cas followed him a couple seconds later.
“I’ll summon Crowley, do what he wants me to. Get your deal repealed,” Cas stood up and walked over to the bed, sitting down on its edge. For the first time since Dean had been conscious he seemed nervous. “It’s your decision, but I, uh, I’d like to come back. If it’s alright with you.”
“One of the men you ordered killed,” Dean told her stoically, watching her through the rearview mirror.
“I don’t like cameras,” Dean grumbled.
“He’s at home and perfectly safe,” Charlie’s face was soft as she looked at him.
Cas was looking at the page with the spell on it, brows knitted together.
Cas crossed his arms over his chest.
“Then you – you can stay for a while?” he asked and he hated how his voice was almost desperate.
They were maybe ten minutes in and Dean was seriously considering calling an ambulance when Cas finally sagged against him, his muscles unclenching all at once like his strings were cut, taking large, heaving breaths.
“Hey, Cas,” Dorothy nodded at him with a smile. Charlie grinned at him brightly.
“We should take a shower,” Cas murmured and Dean would later deny how his breath stuttered a bit at that.
“So where did you flap off to?” Charlie skipped over to them with an excited smile.
“You won’t go into the field!” Cas protested immediately. His hand was resting comfortably on Dean’s thigh and Dean clasped his own around it as he bit into his first slice.
“Our idiot children decided to go after a necromancer,” Dean grumbled. “She got away but we killed the zombie.”
“You were a woman?” Dean gaped.
“Sam, Dean, this is Crowley, King of the Crossroads. Crowley, you’ve heard of Sam and Dean Winchester.”
As the incantation went on, the wind picked up and after a while turned into a miniature tornado, the sand around them making it hard to see anything. Cas’ wing curled around Dean to protect him from the worst of it. It would be a bitch to get all of that out of the feathers later, but Dean was grateful.
“That’s great,” Dean gave him a bright, sarcastic grin but released him.
The woman with the rusty crowbar – didn’t look like a djinn and hella sure wasn’t a ghost either – charged again and Dean ducked with a shout. He’d lost the shotgun but he grabbed the silver knife from his belt quickly, slashing out with less grace than he wanted to. He got her arm but it didn’t seem to deter her. It seemed to just make her angry, her rotted teeth getting replaced by sharp, needle-like fangs.
The only interesting thing he found was the garment bag hanging next to the shirts in the wardrobe, otherwise the apartment was excruciatingly ordinary. He still had time so he slipped back into the bedroom, his curiosity finally, finally getting the better of him.
“Devil’s trap under the doormat, salt line under the threshold,” Cas shrugged. “And you would be –”
The smell of rotten eggs slapped him in the face and almost made him cough. They were in a long, dark hallway, with only one door in sight at the very end of it.
They spent most of their time preparing, but when they had some minutes to spare, Dean usually spent it with Cas. He knew he was behaving like a drooling teenager in his first relationship but seeing that he hadn’t had anything this stable before, he didn’t judge himself too harshly.
“Fuck off!” Dean shouted up as Cas disappeared into the sunlight after his brother. Sam was next, Dean already halfway to freedom when he heard their pursuers coming down the hallway and kicking down doors.
“Why?” Cas asked and took a careful step forward, putting the beige trench coat down on a chair at the kitchen island.
“Besides, any life I could live with you was worth it. Sticking with you through centuries is so not the worst thing that could happen to me. But if you have issues with it –”
“You saying she’s a demon or something?” Dean’s hand tightened on Jack, turning protective.
“I had a weekend off,” the old man shrugged.
“I love it,” she answered, a frown appearing between her brows as she focused on the needle. “I love the quiet. The routine.” A tiny smirk appeared on her lips. “Well… I do get a bit restless sometimes. I take the odd contract on the side.” She shrugged. “I just can’t stop.”
“I’m yours, too,” he pressed a tender kiss to Dean’s temple. It made the hunter’s heart thud heavily in his chest.
Shit! Getting shot wasn’t exactly new, but it was extremely inconvenient, especially when he was trying to get away. This had been a horrible idea. Sam and Cas were going to kill him.
He then waited until he heard the magic words, “Raptor is secure,” to stomp on the break. The agent that has his back to him hit his head on the plexiglass dividing the driver from the passengers. Dean pressed the button to roll down the glass before the other one could’ve reacted and tased the guy in the chest. His gaze met Bela’s wide blue eyes before he tased her, too.
“Sure do,” Dean laughed out loud. Of course Bela was right by Rowena’s side, where else would she be? “Thanks for this, Cas.”
Victor hung up before Dean could, probably already calling his boss.
Cas looked at him fondly and gave him a chaste kiss.
“Look at me,” Cas said from way closer and Dean exhaled and looked up, straight at Cas leaning over him, eyes glazed over with pleasure, sweat starting to bead on his forehead.
He was all rumpled from the long ride, his eyes dark and his toned forearms were on display and Dean was weak.
Five minutes later he was standing over the lit candles, the bowl at the edge of the summoning circle. He lit a match and let it fall into it. Whatever was in there lit up in a similar way to its demonic counterpart and there was no incantation in either ritual. It was almost scary how much the two resembled each other.
“Walker?” Cas scoffed in displeasure and Dean could imagine how his nose scrunched up like always when he was offended. “They think it’s
“I’m good here, but thank you,” Cas shook his head with a smile and pulled Gabe into a hug. “Be really careful.”
So Dean started on that, too.
They could do anything they wanted. Later. For now, Dean was just happy to lay there with Cas, forever stretching ahead of them.
“I lucked out,” Dean shrugged.
“Well, that makes it so much better,” Dean said bitterly.
“Let’s get home and I’ll tell you about it,” Dean suggested. He didn’t want to be here when the MoL showed up.
Sam gave him a knowing look.
“Cas, this is almost a two-day travel,” Dean groaned.
They checked out and thanked again for Kate and Ralph for their hospitality. Dean grabbed a newspaper from the reception desk on the way out, too, his eyes stuck on the headline.
,” he mewled without shame. Cas was hitting his prostate dead-on with every thrust, his skin was warm and Dean hadn’t felt this thoroughly owned in his life. “Alpha, harder, please, want it, Cas, fuck –”
Dean waited until the day before the mission to make the call. The others were ready to move, this was just the last step before starting the mission. It had been four days since Chicago.
Cas’ shoulders pulled up tight, his whole being turning defensive.
“If you’re looking for revenge…”
There was a moment of silence.
“Hey, sunshine,” he grinned at the angel when he pulled back an inch just to look into those impossibly blue eyes. “You were gone when I woke up,” he whispered between them.
“Library. And the internet. That’s why they spent so much time out of the house. And following Harper around, of course.”
“Believe me, I do,” Cas smiled at him fondly.
Dean took Claire in his arms and let Cas take Jack, and they put them in their respective beds. The last time he’d tucked in either of them had been probably five years ago, and Claire still looked young as she laid there, features slack and peaceful.
“Nah, there was no visit from either sides while I was with Cas. Phone calls a lot. Cas planned to visit them for a couple days in spring break, though. He adores his niece.”
He didn’t expect Cas to come impossibly closer and push in for a gentle, breathtaking kiss. Dean’s brain shut down immediately, his eyes closing without his permission, air getting stuck on a sharp inhale. The soft touch of Cas’ chapped lips, his scent everywhere and Dean had missed this so much he wanted to cry.
“What did you do again?” Dean asked when Jack and Claire appeared in his line of sight.
Dean put his gun on the ground, not letting it just clatter to the floor.
“I told you,” he said.
Kaia’s eyes turned murderous again as she glanced back at her girlfriend. Jack had moved to the background the moment Kaia showed up, probably to get away from the lecture. Smart decision, but it wouldn’t save him from his dads.
“Alright,” she said and Dean’s jaw almost dropped open in shock. “But I want to know if we need to kill people because Dad turned into a zombie.”
“I don’t think so. I just know you,” Cas shrugged, sitting down on the armrest.
“They’ve got Castiel,” she said immediately. Dean almost turned back. Rowena grabbed his arm. “You’re no good to him dead.”
“There’s nobody close enough,” she admitted with a frown. “I thought you would be ready to help me and as your father was a marine and you have a registered firearm, you are the best option I have.”
“We should check it out ourselves,” he suggested when they were getting ready for bed.
“Of course, Sam,” the other Alpha nodded. “When do you plan on taking off?”
Damn it.
“I got that, Dean,” Sam rolled his eyes at him. “You’re all whipped around him.”
“Guatemala. 2005. San Benito,” Dean said and took a step closer.
“Hello, Charlie,” he hugged her back with his free arm, his smile fond. “Glad you’re here.”
“You asshole,” Dean pointed at his husband. “I don’t snore.”
“Yeah, let’s go.”
“Why would you get kidnapped?” Jack’s alarmed voice reached them.
“Y’know Garth would invite everyone,” Dean shrugged. “Just because we hate the guy doesn’t mean everybody does, too.”
“Cut me some slack, man, I’m trying,” Dean threw up his hands in exasperation. Damn, the guy was being purposefully irritating.
It didn’t take another five minutes and Cas was lying on the only cot, Pamela sitting on a chair beside him. Jimmy was practically hovering over Pamela’s shoulder until she shot him a reprimanding look that made him took an agitated step back. Dean sat halfway on the desk beside the bed from where he could see everyone, getting as close as Pamela let him. Sam placed himself on the cabinet by the door, Bobby just standing outside the threshold.
He hadn’t chosen his house at random. No CCTV anywhere close. Every room had at least two entrances so you could walk around without stepping foot in the same one twice. It was also perfect to get behind someone’s back.
“You really think this is necessary?” Cas asked when they reached the staircase leading to the emergency exit.
“I, uh, met someone,” he admitted.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Sam answered sullenly, probably put out that Bobby had gotten one over him. He was probably over the ‘Thank God you haven’t really died!’ phase already.
“6’ and a half? Bald?” he asked.
“I can hardly get the opportunity to talk to such well-mannered lads,” she raised her chin stubbornly. “Sorry, boys, but you three are peas in a pod. A lady needs some change. Besides, he can watch my six and he’s the best-suited to keep in contact with that tiny ball of nerdy sunshine.”
“Impressive,” Cas and Jimmy said in complete sync. It was a little creepy.
Their two hours were up before he knew it and they were soon walking back to the Impala. The streets were mostly empty already, they only saw a passerby or two and a couple cars. The air was cold and windy, not really a time for a walk.
Cas’ head cocked to the side in interest.
He looked straight at Bobby and as Dean watched his eyes lit up with that bright light. However, now there were no wings and nobody seemed to get hurt, thank God.
“No,” Cas narrowed his eyes a bit more. “I think you have at least a pretty good guess.”
Dean was eternally grateful for them both. They sat Cas on the office couch, Dean sitting beside him but his condition didn’t seem to get any better. Dean shushed him and combed his fingers through his hair, trying to sooth whatever pain he was having. Cas’ face was buried into his shoulder, burrowing into his warmth for comfort.
“Put it down, you outlaw,” Dean rolled his eyes.
The pain crept up on Dean as the adrenaline wore off. His shoulder was aching from his landing on the floor and his ankle throbbed from when he’d tried to stood up. It hadn’t been even a real fight and he still felt beaten up. He was way out of practice, he had handled a lot more when Jo had started a bar brawl at their graduation party. Hell, Charlie almost got her soul sucked out but she seemed pretty fine.
“No need. I can sense them,” he said with clear disgust on his face but there was determination in there, too.
Wow. Low blow. So they shared the asshole gene, too.
“I go talk to Bobby,” Dean tried to compromise. “I bring back some food, then I’m sleeping another four hours. Then we’re out of here.”
“So I guess you have a dog now?” Sam asked.
“Dean, don’t fret,” Charlie grabbed his flailing hand over the table. “We don’t think it’s Kevin but we can’t really rule it out just yet. That’s why we’re asking you. Have you spotted anything strange? Someone not eating on some gathering? Lights up all night somewhere? Being there one second and gone the next?”
Their honeymoon had been consisted of the two of them driving through the States for two months straight. It had been awesome, visiting every just slightly interesting thing together they’d found. Also, fucking each other’s brains out at every occasion. They hadn’t really cared about the beds (or any other surface) then. Dean still put a pack of wipes on the small table next to the bed for clean-up later.
“I was looking into where angels can come from. And I found something.”
Cas didn’t try to cover up his impressed expression as he handed the cap pack.
“Then why are you out here and not snoring in your bed?” she arched a brow.
“Look, I think there was a misunderstanding here,” Charlie sounded almost pleading. “Can we talk? In person?”
“So,” Sam spoke up, ever the peacemaker. “Cas, you said you were right. About what?”
Cas probably didn’t need to hear Dean’s exact thoughts but he could guess. The hunter’s less than stellar care-and-share skills had made sure of his own reading abilities. He was quiet for a long time, just looking and Dean couldn’t even assume what he was feeling.
“I know,” Dean muttered.
“Could be about Sam?” Bobby asked carefully and Dean’s whole body went rigid immediately.
Dean smiled and held on tighter.
“Sure. Yeah, we could help.”
“See you soon,” Cas kissed Dean’s cheek and was out of the car. “Oh and Sam, Victor said to pick up the phone.”
“You’re wonderful,” Cas slurred when he started on the tendons at the base, combing through feathers and straightening out bent ones. Dean smiled to himself and went farther up towards the arch of it, then lower at the primaries and then the secondaries, keeping his touch light but meticulous. It was good that Cas already got off, because Dean was sure he would be humping the bed by now otherwise. Hell, not like this whole thing didn’t have an effect on
Exactly a week later Castiel paced his living room, trying to lay out all the reasons he should definitely stay put and definitely not go down to the club. The most obvious reason was what had happened last week, after the boy had fled, Cas' head had swam with thoughts and for the first time in longer than he wanted to think about he had poured himself a drink, throwing back the amber liquid, relishing the burn as it made its way down his throat. He knew the young man probably wouldn’t show back up, but still, there was a small twinge of hope in the back of his brain that he couldn’t ignore. He had no idea why this man intrigued him so thoroughly or why he hadn’t been able to get him out of his head all week.
“Damn right; what were you doing out here anyway Winchester? I thought you had already turned into a Dean-cicle,” Gabe let out a light chuckle at what he obviously thought was a clever joke. Dean rolled his eyes.
For a moment Dean almost forgets he’s trussed up like some sick treat for a sadistic demon whose expertise is psychological and physical torture and torment. His thinly veiled peace is quickly shattered as his head snaps sharply to the side before he realizes what had happened. Heat blooms on his cheek, the crack of skin hitting skin filling the air. Alastair's slender but strong hand lands on the opposite cheek causing his head to snap violently in the other direction.
At his words Cas visibly deflated, almost folding in on himself, arms wrapping around his middle protectively as he slid down to the floor. He rested his back against the couch and pulled his knees up to his chest, eyes glassy and unseeing as he stared straight ahead.
Castiel straightens up in his seat at the touch and Dean begins to doubt himself. He frowns, eyes still glued on the screen but seeing everything in his peripheral vision. He’s about two seconds away from removing his arm, when Castiel sinks back down on the couch. A little deeper into the cushion and a little closer to Dean. The added weight pressing against the sofa again just so happens to make Dean’s arm slip off from the top and onto Castiel’s shoulder. He feels Castiel tense up again, but after a moment of neither of them moving, Castiel relaxes again.
Cas turns his head so Deans short hair brushes against his chin, and closes his eyes, just trying to soak in this moment, appreciating the fact that the Dean Winchester is allowing Castiel to cuddle him, to protect him, and maybe the most astounding to Cas, allowing himself to be cared for and loved without an argument or a fight. Cas wasn’t sure if anything in the millions of years he had been alive could top this moment and he wanted to remember it always, no matter how fleeting it may be.
On day four Cas called for Dean to come into his office. Dean had been in the middle of a movie he had seen a million times, but he still grumbled as he grabbed his crutches and headed into the small office. Cas motioned to the small couch in the corner and Dean took a seat, quietly waiting for Cas to tell him why he was there. When he finally pushed himself back from his desk and just stared at Dean from across the room, his dick made a valiant effort to get hard.
Seconds pass, and he begins to question what he felt. Is his gourd finally cracked or are the pauses after each of the heart monitor’s beeps growing shorter? He tries again, more frenzied this time, and he grips Cas’s hand tighter.
. Lisa made him watch it once, and he thinks it may be exactly what Cas needs right now. That thought doesn't stop his heart from kicking into overdrive as he presses play on the remote, before settling back on the couch.
Taylor tugs on her leash, keen to be moving along. "Walk with us," Dean suggests. Castiel is about to decline the offer, but his stomach growls so loudly that Dean doesn’t pretend not to hear it. "I’m gonna pick up a few things and then make dinner. You like burgers, right?"
Trying very hard not to let any of the emotions that just attacked him out of nowhere show on his face, even though he is pretty sure it isn’t working, he shakes his head a little to get rid of them for now and focus solemnly on Cas, and
"We’re well aware, Dean. Sam’s on the other side doing all the research he can. I’m doing what I can. But you need to figure out what’s got Cas trapped." Charlie squats down to Taylor’s level and offers the cream cheese. "You’re his constant right now. Use that to your advantage."
-explicit depictions of abuse (physical, verbal, emotional)
A few moments later Cas was back at Dean’s side, holding out his old leather jacket, “I believe you left this behind after your hasty exit last week,” Cas said, a look in his eye that sent a shiver down Dean’s spine.
As he walked back across the shop floor, his mind wandering, he didn’t hear the shouts of warning, nor the unmistakable sound of the lift being thrown off balance, creaking and ultimately toppling over. Before he even had time to process what had happened, he found himself knocked to the smooth concrete floor, leg pinned under the heavy hydraulic arm of the lift. He knew this was bad, he wasn’t dumb, and he also knew this should hurt a lot worse than it did.
He really wishes Cas had dreamed up a few weapons in his house that he could have kept on his body.
Less than half a second has passed and it's half a second too long to have looked away. Dean waits to be sure Castiel's chest still rises and falls before he speaks out loud once more.
Dean knows he’s being ridiculous, knows it was probably just a squirrel or a rabbit or some other woodland creature. He’s sure it wasn’t anything really dangerous. So why won’t his hands stop shaking nor his heart rate settle back down once they are back inside, doors locked and windows closed?
Cas says goodbye
“Alfie called me; he hasn’t seen you downstairs in days and was worried about you,” Gabriel explained, eyeing a small empty baggie on the coffee table and sighing. “Cas, I thought you were clean,” he said, no judgement in his words, only concern for his big brother.
"What do you think you’re doing?" the Empty hisses.
Dean rolls his eyes but smiles. "So, what did you and Sam come up with? What's the plan?"
She checks the time. It may have been going on midnight for Dean and Cas, but in the real world, it is the ugly hour of four in the morning. Sam wanted her to wake him when she came out of dreamland, but she doesn't have the heart to bother him yet. He probably went to sleep only a couple of hours ago.
******
"Charlie, you should go," he says. "I’m sorry, but I can’t have you here. Tonight, I mean."
"Maybe we should..."
He told Dean how he had been abused by more of his mom's boyfriends than he could count, in practically every way he could have been ever since he could remember. He told Dean how he had protected his younger siblings from the men, offering himself up so they wouldn’t have to deal with it. He told him how eventually he had gotten big enough and learned enough to protect himself too, to show those assholes a thing or two if they tried taking advantage of him or his family. How his mom had kicked him out because of it, not wanting to fend for herself, willing to put up with what she had to for a free bed and a warm meal.
“Yeah yeah, just don’t go around telling anyone,” Dean conceded, he knew damn well she could take him.
“Well, you do not strike me as someone who tends to follow rules or listen to instructions given by just anyone. Besides, you know my name, know I own the club; I’m not a complete stranger.” He winked and then leveled his gaze forward again. When the doors opened they were at the end of another hallway, this one with dark hardwood floors and an exposed brick wall across from a plain white wall that displayed simple, tasteful art pieces. It was instantly inviting and cozy while at the same time holding no personal touches or any inclination of what exactly the corridor led to. Cas took off down the hall and kicked off his shoes as he neared the end, never looking back to check if Dean would follow. He knew he would.
“Having some problems this morning?” he asked, barely suppressing his amusement. Cas glared up at him.
Let me know if I missed anything :)
“A bell?” Cas questioned, head tilting slightly in the way that Dean found absolutely endearing.
-hospitals and all that goes along with them
“Yes, you make yourself clear. I’m sorry; it won’t happen again,” Dean croaked out, surprising himself at the sincerity in his voice which completely lacked his usual sarcasm.
." His voice is heavy and hard. He looks at Cas, lying still and unresponsive, no sign of waking. The tears he’s swallowing back choke him. He gasps for air and it becomes a sob, and then there is no holding back: he grits his teeth but the sobs keep coming. "Fuck!"
Staring.
Dean jumps up and locks the door as soon as Sam has shut the door, leaning against the door staring back at Cas still sprawled out on his bed.
“I’m driving…stop distracting me,” Cas scolded, that delicious, dark tone coloring his words.
"Nah, I wouldn’t want to get in the way. I’ll just...  I’ll go check on Dean," Charlie offers, gaze drifting over to the front door that had recently been slammed shut.
As it turns out, his breath gets caught in his throat anyway.
“Boy, you shut your mouth right now.”
Suddenly Dean pulls back, holding Cas by the shoulders, staring him down sternly. "Don’t you ever, and I mean EVER, try pulling that shit again! You understand me?" Dean scolds, searching Castiel’s face for an indication of understanding and agreement.
Without another word Cas quickly stood and shoved his pants off before practically jumping back on the bed behind Dean. He grabbed the foil packet from the bed and rolled on the condom, lubing himself up, the friction from just the few passes of his hand alone almost undoing him. Cas then gently pulled the plug from Dean, earning a very frustrated whine from the completely wrecked man.
“I said, get the FUCK out,” Cas screamed, reaching behind him for the cold metal still lodged against his bare lower back.
He pulled into the parking lot, the Impala’s engine rumbling loudly, and found a suitable parking spot. He turned the engine off and sat there for a few minutes watching others walk inside, a large banner hung over the doors welcoming them all back, like they wanted to be stuck in the same small town ten years after being told to fly and be free and make something of themselves. It appeared most of his old classmates walking across the parking lot had someone on their arm, a spouse or significant other, so they had that going for them, more than Dean had that was for damn sure. Dean heaved a heavy sigh as he opened his squeaky door and headed inside, not really ready to make awkward small talk with people he didn’t really care to talk to about things he really didn’t care to talk about.
I hope this helps you feel a bit more secure when I’m gone.
“Don’t you say her name, you did nothing to bring her back; you let her walk away,” Gabe said, voice bitter, “and now you’ve pulled Dean into this shit storm too. You put him in danger, and he’ll probably either end up dead or leaving! You think you’re some great protector, someone who dives into danger to ‘protect’ the ones you care about, but all you ever fucking do is drag them down with you! First me, then Anna, and now Dean. How the fuck haven’t you learned yet!?” Gabe panted, trying to calm himself down.
Cas lets out an unamused chuckle, a sound that sends a shiver down Dean’s spine, it was the sound of a lost man, a sound made by someone who had little left to lose and had all but given up, “Dean, that is a story for another time, right now you really do need to rest. Don’t worry about me, I’m figuring it out.” Cas states in a tone that leaves no room for debate or argument as he swiftly stands up, shaking off Dean's grip on his wrist. Dean immediately misses the warmth next to him and feels tears trying to start gathering in his eyes before he angrily wipes them away. As he too aggressively flops back in the bed, he is quickly reminded of just how much he still hurts, the sharp sudden pain making him gasp and causing tears to silently trickle down his cheeks.
-panic/anxiety/PTSD
He thought he remembered blue eyes, panicked and worried, crashing into his room, nurses pushing him out trying to calmly explain what had happened and what was going on, but he wasn’t sure.
“Fuck, Cassie, I swear to God…” Gabriel muttered to himself. He finished up as quickly as possible and made his way out into the apartment. He slowly looked around and saw nothing out of place. The front door was still locked, which was good. It meant Cas was still in the apartment at least, unless he had taken the elevator but, before he could check, he noticed the bedroom door was closed. He knew he had left it open, that explained the door slam, and as he listened closer he could hear a muffled
“...so then they, Cas, are you even listening?” Dean broke through Cas’ thoughts.
“You’re an adult now, yeah? Back then maybe it wasn’t, but from what I can tell you’re in the same holding pattern. The only difference is that you’re 28 years old, not 18. It’s time to be your own man Dean, be whoever you want to be and fuck anyone who says differently,” Bela said simply before she stood up, smoothing out her dress.
, Dean thinks.
He pulls the small wooden box from his pocket, holding it out and opening it to Dean. The other man's eyes going wide, flicking up to meet Cas’s, the incredible weight of what this all means is landing squarely on Dean's chest, causing his breaths to come a bit shallower and a lot less steady, tears threatening to overtake him.
"I was going to let you take the vessel, anything to silence the chaos," says the Empty, "but you had to get greedy. You wanted the whole angel."
He reached down to feel the cool metal against his soft dick, but his hand was swatted away before it got there.
Fluff, ample and sweet fluff, Christmas celebration and family
Cas can see that Dean appears to have gained more of his mobility back, however he’s still unable to move his legs enough to make any significant movement away from where he stands. Thankfully, Taylor’s displays of aggression seem to be keeping all attention away from Dean. Tendrils of The Empty are still making their way towards him and Taylor, though without any urgency. Thinking quickly, Castiel tries to stall for just a little more time.
"Someone took Dean!" she yells as soon as the door is open, glancing back over his shoulder nervously.
When he got closer to where Cas sat, he knelt down so he was eye to eye with him. “Just think about it Castiel, think about how pretty I’m sure that boy can scream and just how much they would love getting their grubby hands on him. How much they would love to defile him and break him down to nothing. Are you really willing to take that chance when it comes to the man you love, Castiel?” Adam asked before quickly standing up. He motioned to the woman, whom he called Meg, and she followed him to the door dutifully.
Charlie lets out a helpless whimper at the sight of Dean crying. Her arms are around him in an instant, and she squeezes him tightly with her face pressed against his shoulder. "It’s going to be okay," she says in a muffled squeak. He’s gentle about it, but he pries her off as he gets himself back under control.
"You started it," Dean retorts, his mouth quirked at the corner. "But now that it is? How about we knock Westley and Buttercup down a few pegs?"
"That’s it. Just accept it, Castiel. Make this easier for yourself," the Empty practically purrs in his ear, a cold, inky tendril snaking up his chest and wrapping around his neck again. Cas swears he can make out a sickly grin spreading through the goo where Dean’s face had been just a moment before.
“Thank you Charlie, seriously, I don’t deserve you,” Dean said.
-mentions of past drug use and loss
“Wait, Cas, what the fuck? You can’t just drop all of that on me and then leave! Give me a minute, please, I’m on a shit ton of pain meds and I’m trying to think straight okay? Just please, come back,” Dean asked, his voice dropping into a gentle request by the end. Cas turned back around and settled himself back in his chair again, arms crossed, eyes down.
He stood up to leave, resigned to leaving Cas as a distant memory when suddenly he heard something crash down the hallway and then a door flinging open and hitting the wall with quite a bit of force.
Once they both settled in, Dean found himself practically on top of Cas, one arm thrown over his abdomen, head on his chest, one leg hooked over Cas’s thigh. If he was worried Cas was uncomfortable, he wouldn’t have been able to move if he wanted to. Cas had an arm around his upper back, holding him tightly, his other hand holding Dean’s head to his chest, carding his fingers through his short hair soothingly. He also had Dean's leg trapped between his strong thighs, unwilling to let go, unwilling to abandon this small slice of peace he had happened to find with the lovely man wrapped around him. As Dean snored softly, a small puddle of drool collected on Cas’s chest under his cheek.
Whatever is comfortable for you sweet boy. You have fifteen minutes.
Cas let out a sigh as he collected his thoughts, trying to figure out the best course of action in this moment. Slowly he removed his knee from between Dean's thighs, stepping back a couple inches to provide the man some space, not wanting to be seen as a threat. He moved his hands from the wall to Dean's body, resting one on his hip and wrapping the other behind his neck. Cas kept his touch light and unthreatening, but still firm enough to be grounding. He ran his thumb up underneath the hem of Dean's shirt, wanting some small contact with his skin. Dean flinched briefly, then seemed to melt into the physical contact.
"Cas, I believed you. Then you saved the world before I could even show you what that meant for me and now…"
“Ha, I don’t think so,” Cas said as he placed a much too cold washcloth over him. He would have jackknifed straight off the bed if Cas’s hand hadn’t been holding Dean’s chest down solidly. Dean cried out and panted as he tried calming himself down again.
Castiel had kept his distance, watching from a private booth in the corner, as the young man--closer to a boy really--consumed drink after drink, becoming increasingly drunk and even more boisterous and cocky. When Castiel noticed him slide up behind a gorgeous young woman clad in an almost too short, skin tight black dress, his hands immediately dropped to her waist as he whispered something in her ear, clearly trying to convince her of something she wanted no part of. She shook her head and pulled away, the young man letting her go, thankfully, only to turn and be met with a wall of a man who was not happy. Before he knew what he was doing, Castiel was walking quickly across the floor, stepping between the two men who had begun shoving at one another.
A force punches Castiel straight in the face. He stumbles backwards and growls at himself to focus.
“So, uh, not the talkative type? Or did I do something in one of our limited interactions to offend and/or piss you off?” Gabe asked, not sounding the least bit concerned about Dean’s answer.
Dean gets up and goes to Cas. He feels weak, like his knees won’t hold him. He takes hold of Cas’s hand. It’s calloused, dry, rough from all the hand-to-hand fighting they’ve done. Cas’s touch was always warm. Now his hand seems cooler, as if his vitality is slipping away.
Out of habit, Castiel slides onto a barstool at the counter, staying out of Dean’s way while he cooks. He asks, as an afterthought, "Can I help with anything?"
“Nah, nothing like that. I just like to make sure my people have a place to go if they want it. Now, go get back to work; I’m not paying ya to sit here and gab,” Bobby huffed out with a small smile.
Aching.
By the time Dean decided to decline the offer of the bottle, he was pleasantly warm, limbs feeling heavy and clumsy, his head just starting to feel noticeably floaty and light. His face was also numb, but he wasn’t completely sure if that was due to the alcohol coursing through his bloodstream or the cold air, probably a bit of both.
Dean’s everything hurt: his head was pounding, his muscles were stiff, his mouth felt like it was stuffed with cotton and, when he tried to open his eyes, the lights were blinding. He groaned and held an arm up over his eyes, trying to shield them from the fluorescents beaming down at him. He heard a chair scrape against the linoleum to his left and magically the lights dimmed, finally low enough he could open his eyes and see the room he was in and who was there with him.
“I know, thank you Cas; you’re pretty awesome,” Dean said, voice hazy with sleep.
“Heya Sammy,” Dean says as he slides into the seat across the table from Sam with his own mug of coffee and a bowl of cereal. Grinning like a love sick teen.
Castiel looks away from Charlie, thinking of all that has happened since she paid a brutal price in their efforts to deliver Dean from the curse. It is a reminder of all he hopes to keep Dean away from.
“That sounds perfect darling. Now, how about you go tell Sam, he’s probably close by and I’ll start calling people. I was thinking Charlie, Donna, Jody and the girls? Garth? Bobby obviously…” Cas trails off lost in thought, creating mental checklists.
Dean disappears from his window, and Castiel lets out a
As they sat in silence Dean realized he was getting quite warm; it wasn’t too warm in the apartment, but Dean was currently wearing too many layers. While Cas was still distracted with his label, Dean stood up and peeled off his coat which he then tossed over the back of the couch; he then wiggled his way out of the flannel he had been wearing, originally in place of his lost coat, and laid it on top of the discarded coat. Left in only his thin t-shirt, and already more comfortable, he flopped back down, now facing the other man who glanced up. Dean met his gaze with a cocky smirk plastered on his face when he saw Cas’ eyes skirt over his now bare arms where a few of his many tattoos were visible.
"I... we could..." begins Castiel, stammering. He didn't expect Dean to actually respond to his tiny advance of a flirt, and suddenly he's in the pull of his way-too-fast speech. Now if his brain would please turn back on, that would be wonderful, thank you very much.
he begs.
“Castiel,” Dean starts, the sudden sincerity in his tone captivating Cas who stares down at Dean, not moving from where he hovers over him. “Of course I’ll marry you, I’ve never wanted anything more. And if it’s really what you want, if you're totally sure, then of course I’ll accept your grace laced ring. Cas, you’ve been a Winchester for a long time, but I would love nothing more than to finally make that official, but just know, that means you’ll legally be related to Sammy, you may want to seriously rethink that,” Dean says, face serious like that was a completely valid reason to not do this.
“Dude, you just used bigger words than you usually do,” Dean said sloppily, he hadn’t realized quite how difficult his lips were becoming to move thanks to the alcohol dulling his fine motor skills.
As he steels himself for what he knew was about to happen, trying to promise himself he wouldn’t beg, cry out or give any type of satisfaction to the sadistic asshole in front of him, he knows they’re all hollow promises. He knows this demon can get to him like no one else had, break him down without breaking a sweat. Alastair can completely and utterly destroy him until he’s promising anything just to make it stop. And what Alastair had told him before the tables had turned is proof enough that he’s the weak one, weaker than his dad who hadn’t begged or cried for the torture to stop. He hadn’t made a deal to devolve into a monster whose sole purpose was hurting others. John had taken his punishment like a man, gritted his teeth and dealt with it day in and day out for decades. Dean will try to put up a façade, a mask to try to lie to himself that he can and will endure this, but both he and Alastair know the truth. He is going to crumble, grovel, and he’ll fold like a house of cards.
“Did I say you could move yet?”
The entire day, hell...the entire week, his attention kept drifting to blue eyes and dark, unruly hair which eventually led to the confusing swirl of unresolved emotions that surrounded what they had been, or hadn’t been. Would he be there tonight? Would he run up and punch Dean in the face like he totally deserved? Would he even acknowledge Dean or act like he didn’t exist? It had been ten years, surely he had forgiven Dean by now….at least he hoped so. He ate a quick breakfast, went for a run, tinkered around with his car, cleaned up the house, and did literally anything to keep his mind busy throughout the day until it was time to get ready. He showered and threw on the one pair of jeans he owned that didn’t have grease stains or holes along with a simple black button up, quickly rolling the sleeves up to his elbows. He slipped on his beat up black converse sneakers and, after one more glance in the mirror, figured it was as good as it was going to get. He swiped his wallet and keys off the counter, patted his pocket to make sure he had his phone, and headed out the door, still not completely sure why he was even leaving the house at all.
“Okay, slow down, Dean. I’m thrilled that you think you want this, but how about we go over what that actually entails before you sign your soul away, eh?” Cas chuckled, enjoying the boy's enthusiasm, but he knew better than to rush into anything, especially if both parties weren’t explicitly clear on the expectations and rules on both sides. “It’s getting late and this is a conversation best left for when we are both clear headed and well rested. So, how about we meet back up tomorrow for lunch and discuss it then? That will give us both time to think it over without the influence of the other as well,” Cas proposed.
“I said get the fuck out! I don’t need a babysitter! You don’t call or text for weeks and then suddenly you’re here to be some knight in fucking shining armor? No Dean, get the fuck out!” Cas screamed at him as he buried himself back in bed, his back pointedly turned toward Dean.
Dean shakes his head. "Useful? Cas, do you
“Uh, yeah, yeah I’m on my way. Thanks, Bobby,” Cas replied, already sitting in his car. After he hung up the phone and tossed it onto his passenger seat he shook his head, trying to clear it of the screams, Dean’s melding with his brother’s in his mind: the last time he had been to the hospital. He knew Rapid was the best trauma center; he knew that first hand. He also knew first hand just because they were the best didn’t mean they could save everyone.
Thank you so much for reading this story! If you want to come scream at me for whatever reason, or want to see what I post next (I currently have two WIPs that will probably each be over 30k) come visit me on
“You have a sister?” Dean asked, confused because the man had never mentioned her before.
Dean pushed himself up and leveled his gaze at Cas. “Hey, no! It’s not your fault Cas; she made her decision. I’m sure it sucks thinking about it, but you could always look for her now. You have the money to hire a private investigator if you wanted to,” Dean suggested.
“Kind of...the first few years after Cas got this place he laid low, didn’t leave much, hell, the only time I saw him was to interview potential staff to get the club up and running. He ignored my texts and calls unless he needed something, so I don’t exactly know for sure, not until Alfie came around anyway,” Gabriel said as he leaned back in the chair, staring up at the clear sky above them.
Adam stilled, hand on the doorknob, a predatory smile slinking over his face, “Fine what Castiel?”
"If we’re so noisy, my grace and I, why not just let us go?" he asks, knowing the answer, but needing time, needing to give Dean time, to come up with a solution.
"That would be for me to know and you to figure out." She waltzes over towards the kitchen and the refrigerator, grabbing some cream cheese for Taylor. "Sam and I are trying something new. We don’t know how much longer we can keep you under, Dean, let alone when we’ll hit a dead end and not be able to bring Cas out."
Before he got to the steps leading up to the front door, a hand roughly grabbed his shoulder and spun him so he was nose to nose with piercing blue eyes that were now filled with a hardly contained fire.
wearing Meg’s likeness teases, reveling in Cas’s reaction to the old nickname, "I need that deal kept. What kind of example would I be setting if I didn’t keep my promises?"
For whatever reason, Dean seems to be at war with himself. Castiel watches him chew on his bottom lip, inadvertently dragging Castiel’s attention to it, when finally Dean nods his head and heads back to the living room where the TV still plays whatever show or movie they have on. Castiel makes his way quickly across the street and down the few houses to his own. The closer he gets to his door, the more unease fills his gut. He would give just about anything to have his powers still in use, or even just his angel blade, at this moment.
“Mmm, don’t fool yourself sweet boy, it will happen again, I know it will and you know it will, but that’s what makes this so much fun. I love a challenge and that’s precisely what you are: a deliciously stubborn and snarky brat who will no doubt press all of my buttons and test my patience endlessly, and I couldn’t be looking forward to it more. As long as you try your very best to be my good boy when you know it counts then all the misbehavior and sass I’ll have to put up with will be well worth it. Can you do that for me Dean? If we move forward with this can you do your best to make me happy and be my good boy?” Cas asked, voice still intense, still commanding, but laced with what Dean thought was possibly affection. It wasn’t something overly familiar to him, but he was almost positive that’s what it was and by god did he want to hear more of that from Cas’ mouth, so the answer was an easy one.
“Right. With Alastair, there were an infinite number of possible ways to do B, but I could never manage to do A, because A wasn’t possible. It was deliberate, intentional. There was no way to ever qualify for the nice treatment.”
Mia nodded again. “You say here that you
“Did you?”
“What are you, my mom?” He took it back, and took a long pull.
Claire rolled snake eyes, and moved two squares; her turn ended. She looked through her cards and made notes.
Clearly, someone had said just that, and he was going to find out who, and have a word with them.
“Way to bury the lede, there, Dean. You apologized to Cas?” Sam grinned.
you go. If I thought you’d left without me doing something to cause it, simply because you wanted to go? I couldn’t take it. It’d kill me, Cas.
Bal slumped back in his seat. “Gad…
“I did. I did a journal entry every day, and I wrote a bunch of letters. I don’t think I want to send most of them. I can’t send some of them. But Cas went up to Heaven today, so I’m having him deliver copies of three of them.”
you. After everything I’ve done, in Hell, on Earth,
“I couldn’t take any more pain, Cas. That night, he healed me, and then he used me, but still with that gentle sweetness – inexorable, demanding, but soft. That gentle kindness and cessation of pain was so seductive. I just…. I gave up. I gave in. And by morning, I had agreed to his terms. And so, rather than being put back on the rack myself, I was given my choice of implements, and a choice of souls to torment. He watched everything I did, demanded that I be as vicious with them as he and the other demons had been with me – and I complied. I tore into them. I spilled not just a few drops, but buckets of blood that day, Cas. And in so doing, I unknowingly broke the First Seal.
“Hey, as part of my therapy, I’m keeping a journal. It’s helping. And I was writing in it earlier, and decided to write letters to people, like you, and Sam, as part of it. Part of what I wrote to you, I said today, but I think you should see all of it. Thing is, I want to run it past Mia, my therapist, first. Get her okay on it. And I don’t want to send you anything that would hurt you. If it helps me to write it, but hurts you to read it, then it doesn’t really help me, because hurting you isn’t my intention. But…if Mia says it’s okay to send it to you…would you read it, Cas?”
“And Charlie?”
“When was that, Dean?”
“Don’t smile at me, Cas. I don’t deserve it.”
“Think happy thoughts?”
“No. Not until a lot later.”
All that's left now is the very short epilogue!
“Well, we asked for her to let them fight with us, against God. But she’s got this whole neutrality thing going on, so she said yes, she’d take them out of Sam’s head, because that had been unintended, and he didn’t deserve that, but the best she could do would be to return them to the Cage in Hell, and make it so no one could get them back out. That way, she wasn’t violating neutrality by letting us use them, but she wasn’t giving God an edge, either, by making it possible for him to release them to fight for
his father hit him? How confused
you’re as concerned as you are?”
Dean nodded. “Christ.”
“Okay. So, getting past what tortures you actually suffered, you write next that after thirty years, Hell time, Alastair came to you one evening, and seemed different; tired, kind. And where before you’d always been able to take resolve from his laughing at or mocking you, now, he seemed to be feeling some empathy, and that kind of did you in, and so he got you to give in, and take his deal, and so you agreed to be Alastair’s apprentice torturer by day, and his sex slave by night. And in putting the first soul up on the rack that you cut into, you were a righteous man spilling blood in Hell, and that was the First Seal required to be broken of the sixty-six needed to free Lucifer from the Cage. Did you know that, at the time, Dean?”
“Balthazar also served in Cas’ garrison, under Cas, for a long time. At one point, he collected a bunch of Heaven’s weapons, and hid them, and when Cas was fighting with Raphael for control of Heaven – Cas won, obviously – Balth got him the weapons cache by sending Sam and I as a lure to an alternate reality, hoping that Raph and his goon, Virgil, would chase us there; they did. Cas pulled us back, and Raph and Virgil were stuck there for a while. But it was always kind of hard for Sam and I to tell where Balth stood, whether he was on Cas’ side, or not. So, it was nice to know that The Cosmic Entity sent him back, as being loyal to Cas.”
Dean thought. “No...but we could get to Uncle Bobby’s. He’s only a few blocks from the station. He runs a salvage yard, fixes curricles and carriages, and once he was even hired to fix a train engine! He can fix anything mechanical. He’s amazing.”
“Shit, that wasn’t even all that funny. I guess we needed that.” Dean grinned.
“Yeah.”
“Crowley’s son. He came forward in time. Crowley and Rowena got to spend some time with him; then he had to be sent back to his own time, to die. He knew he was going back to die, and he was very brave about it. All three of them, among the bravest people I’ve ever met.”
A few moments passed, and the tears slowed. Dean shuddered, and took the tissue that Mia held out for him. He blew his nose and wiped his eyes. He drew a deep breath, and let it out slowly.
why I didn’t tell you.” Gadreel rose and strode from Bal’s office before Bal could respond further. He went back to his own office, and grabbed his duffel, then headed for the parking lot.
“And it’s putting you back together, but maybe you don’t get put back quite right – your head on backward, or your arms bent wrong, or your knees facing outward instead of forward. And, once in a while, it’s a total cessation of all the torment, and a succubus comes and gives you pleasure – until even
“What about Sam, Dean? Has Sam ever done anything, said anything, to make you feel that same way, that you belonged to him, that you were a piece of property, rather than a family member?”
watching you, as you kill yourself slowly with alcohol?”
“Yeah. It was a little freaky. It looked like the camera had somehow had a bad flash, even though Cas hadn’t used the flash attachment. Like the film somehow got overexposed, even though it was a digital shot on his cell phone camera. It was weird.”
will stay here. I will be right back.” Cas went to speak with Claire. He returned a few minutes later.
“Okay, so Amara is God’s sister. Got it. And why were you meeting with her?”
it. He gets
Mia handed Dean the tissues, and he took one, wiping his eyes. “But now you do.”
“So, let’s see…. So you didn’t rewrite the letter to Cas, you wrote another in addition. Okay, that works. Did Cas read the letters, Dean?”
“Yes.”
“But it felt true when I was writing it. I was in a bad place at the time.”
watching you, over the years, as you picked up the, as Claire put it, ‘random chicks’ in bars, Dean?”
“I wish I knew, Dean. If I did, I’d tell you, but at best, I have… suspicions, that I’m not ready to share, that you’re probably not ready to hear. And I could be wrong, so I’d rather not hazard a guess, yet. Fair?”
to glow. I’m human. I’m
. Wow. Like, Cas isn’t an Archangel, he’s younger, but Gabe thinks the world of him, says that Cas is ‘the best of us’, meaning of all the angels, who all consider themselves to be siblings. I mean, technically every angel is a brother or a sister of every other angel. But there are, for lack of a better word, cliques. The four Archangels, Gabe, Michael, Lucifer, and Raphael, they were the first created, and for a long time, it was just them, and God. And the four of them didn’t really, well,
They were silent, Dean had to give them that. But he’d been one of the best agents in the last thirty or so years, and they couldn’t hide their sheer presence from him. They were hunting and Dean knew exactly when he was considered prey. Time to turn the game on these fuckers generously called a wet team (Dean knew the best in the business and these standing in his foyer weren’t them).
Cas worried his lower lip with his teeth for a couple long moments before he turned back halfway so they were facing each other, just inches between them.
“Well, your garage. Not that I understand it, they didn’t tell me that much. They mostly finished investigating the biggest rivals so they’re going onto less probable suspects. They should turn up in your yard at some point this week, after they wrapped it up with that Crowley guy.”
Cas chuckled and took the two steps between them to hug Dean tightly.
Cas bit his lip.
They stepped into what had probably been the living room, the furniture either turned over, half-rotten or both. There was a doorway to what was most likely the kitchen and straight ahead a door leading outside. The stairs were on their left and Charlie gestured at it before walking farther inside.
The guy, more like a boy, really, looked horrible: pale, hollow cheeks, his hair messy and dirty, but his eyes were straight-up creepy, completely milky white, without irises or pupils. Dean didn’t have to be a hunter to identify him as a zombie. Fucking fuck, what the hell?
“You said the Men of Letters would take him in! Of course I didn’t tell you! Who knows what ya’ll would do to him!” How could Charlie even think that Dean would ever do that to Cas?
“I don’t think that’s necessary,” Cas said with a frown and crutched down to hold the dustpan. It only took a couple minutes to make the kitchen clean again. They could replace the bulbs later.
“Hello, Dean. Sam.”
“Morning, kid,” he smiled back and Cas did the same. “Ready for school?”
“Sure,” Dean closed the gap between them for a quick kiss and then got out of bed. He was dressed down to his briefs and undershirt (thanks to Cas, most likely) and picked out fresh clothes.
Surprisingly, the frustration and the urgency soon melted away as Cas went completely pliant under him, now letting him take the lead. It was a complete change from yesterday’s rush and Dean loved it.
“Yes,” he looked back at the two. “My symptoms are not what you would call… natural.”
“How are you feeling?” Cas asked with a touch of worry.
“You have no idea about same-sex relationships,” Dean rolled his eyes. “What do you want?”
“I was the angel of Thursday, among other things,” Cas said.
“Good morning,” Cas whispered with a smile in his voice.
“That would be highly amusing to watch,” he said finally. “Unfortunately, that’s beyond even my reach.”
“Not a zombie, I assure you,” Cas laughed a little.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Dean,” he huffed before Dean could’ve spiraled any further. “I guessed that Sam was either your brother by blood or you think of him as such. I have four older brothers of my own, I can recognize a bond like that.”
“Fuck, the hospital,” Dean grunted, throwing his head back on the pillow. “Great.”
Dean grinned at him brightly before shepherding Cas inside.
,” he whined.
“There could be demons in there,” Sam looked unsure all of a sudden.
“Don’t talk to her again,” Cas said with a deadly serious glare.
“Abbie ‘Bela’ Talbot?” Sam blinked. “Vice President of the United States?”
Dean marched through the frame of the table to get to him, pulling him back up and down quickly to kindly bash his nose in, until Henriksen was flailing for control, then threw him into the wall. The screen mounted there cracked easily from the weight slamming into it.
“I can understand that.” With a switch his face turned to its usual seriousness as he took a step closer, eyes burning with something Dean would twitch at if it wasn’t coming from Cas. “And if you ever pull something like that again with me, Dean,” he breathed the words directly onto the Omega’s lips, voice dropping even deeper, “I’ll hunt your ass down.” He briefly looked down at Dean’s mouth then back up. “Capiche?”
“It’s me,” Cas answered.
“Mhm,” Cas smiled at him and pulled him close for a kiss. Before Dean could've reacted he found himself on his back with his husband hovering over him, food forgotten.
Lily waved back, then the world jumped or
“You were thinking it,” Cas could barely say it before they were back to kissing.
“Y’know, ordinary.”
turned out to be the TV above the front desk. Every employee was cramped into the room and Dean, being taller than most of them, spotted Cas at the office door at the other end.
Rowena smirked because she knew she was right, but Dean would sooner die than admit that.
“They know what you did?”
“Hell’s Hell,” Crowley rolled his eyes. He put his hands in his pockets and glanced towards the brothers. “You won’t introduce us?”
“That’s just a bonus,” Sam waved it away. He let Dean process the conversation before changing topic. “You know, if it
Dean had to get to him, calm him down before this could escalate into a full-on bar brawl on his non-existent honor. Cas had never been bad at close combat but now he had thousands of years of experience to back that up – the fight with that blonde demon had showed that. One wrong move and he’d kill his opponent without meaning to.
Cas had the gall to chuckle, pressing a kiss on Dean’s chest.
There was a whooping sensation in his stomach and like the ground was pulled from under his feet, the next second the sole of his boots connecting hardly with solid ground again. It was a bit like jumping without actually doing it. It
“Yeah, you’re right there, honey,” he agreed. “I’m hanging up now, they’re coming back. I think I’ll be home in an hour or so.”
“There is a lesser rank of angels, the Cupids. They insure that every angel’s bloodline stays alive. Angels can walk among humans if they take them as willing vessels – emphasize on the willing part. These humans are strong enough not to fell apart or simply burn out from the inside when an angel takes over. The Novaks are my bloodline. So my soul went to them.  It’s purely coincidence that mom had just conceived with Jimmy.”
“You slept at all?” Dean murmured, his lips brushing the prickly skin.
When they turned the last corner, they saw a lone figure standing next to the lockers a couple feet away.
“Are you alright? I noticed you only took one bite of your toast.”
“What, so the grace likes country music and barbeque?” Dean scoffed.
“That’s not true,” Cas huffed out. “You liked Daphne.”
The apprehensive look on Cas’ face was eclipsed by a sheepish smile.
What the fuck?
“I knew I needed it, I didn’t know exactly why,” Cas admitted and pulled the shirt back down. “It’s in Enochian. Hides me from them. I cross it over with a marker and I have maybe until morning for them to find me. It should be enough time to set up some protection.”
“Yeah, we’re not friendly people,” Dean agreed.
“Yeah,” Sam nodded eagerly. “We’re on even ground.”
Dean banged his head on the hood.
“Want you inside me,” Cas murmured when Dean tipped his head back and started kissing down his neck, trying to avoid making visible bruises. “Splitting me open…”
His head was spared, thankfully, his left arm taking the majority of the hit before he fell to the ground. He faintly heard Sam shouting his name and then another chilling scream. Two down then.
“Hey,” a new voice joined in from the door leading to the hallway. A woman with disheveled brown hair and in one of Sam’s huge shirt was standing there, a little awkward smile on her face.
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled as heat crept up his cheeks, and took it from Cas grudgingly. “Aren’t you supposed to be on my side?” he asked his angel.
Okay. Not now.
Damn, Dean had a soft spot for Cas with kids – especially their own, but he wasn’t picky.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas looked at him with a fond smile.
“Not as busy as you’d think,” he smiled indulgently. “Naomi’s a capable second-in-command.”
He felt the eye-roll, but there was no retort so he counted that as a win.
“She doesn’t know that,” Cas said with big innocent eyes.
“Hold it. Let me see him,” a security guard stopped him, not even looking at Dean. He leaned down to check the knocked-out fireman’s face. “It’s not him.” He straightened up, waving Dean onward, his attention already elsewhere. “Yeah, yeah, go ahead.”
“Hey, Cas,” he answered as calmly as he could. “We’re in Waterloo, Iowa. Got whiff of a case. Series of ‘wild animal attacks’ at Black Hawk Park, Cedar Falls. Sorry for the delay, we’ll be back when we killed this bitch.”
He’d always been a shitty liar so Dean knew the moment he didn’t make eye contact with anybody that there was something else there. He didn’t want to call Cas out on it now, but he’d definitely do it in private. Sometime in the future. When he’d have the guts for it.
They did put together a plan in the next half an hour. Dick’s car was too flashy for the cameras to avoid when they would be inevitably checked when the cops got involved. In the end they decided to put Dick in the trunk of the Impala. Dean would drive the Pontiac to the desert and they would leave it there – if any evidence was found in the car it should be his as he had actually worked on it. Cas and Sam would follow him there on another route so Cas could burn the body completely. Sam was a really big help on what to avoid. He went through dozens of cases where the murderer had slipped up and got caught because of one tiny detail.
“I’m not an idiot, Dean,” Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m going to take a long shower, then I’ll just sit here, playing on my phone.”
“Don’t need it,” Cas held out a hand for him and Dean accepted it with minimal grumbling.
“Except you,” Dean told Roman.
“Thanks!” Charlie took it from him. “Jesus, it smells amazing!” Her gaze became more piercing as she looked him over. “You look better.”
Cas thought about it.
“I hadn’t seen it before, but your soul is the most beautiful I’ve ever laid my eyes on. If we weren’t romantically involved, I would come back just to bask in its light.” He tilted his head in thought, letting Dean blush in peace. “And as if Jimmy wouldn’t kill me if I just disappeared.”
“You were lucky,” she said easily, cleaning the area with a cotton ball.
“That’s great,” Dean grinned at her.
“So what do they talk about?”
Cas joined him soon, plugging his phone in the charger before snuggling up to Dean, preparing for his non-sleep. He would probably get up in an hour or so after Dean drifted off, but for now his body was warm and soft under Dean’s hand.
“So what we doing now?” Sam asked him.
When it clicked, Dean sat up, too, adrenaline pumping through his veins.
He had enough strength to turn his head a little, looking down at Cas who lifted his chin so their eyes could meet. His face was flushed, there were locks curling wetly over his forehead and he had a glint in his eyes. The smile he shot Dean was tired but undeniably happy.
“You could say Dad was a bit overwhelmed by work and we went on a short vacation to relax,” Dean repeated what Sam had suggested.
“I have faith in you,” Dean winked and Cas cracked a smile at the pun.
Crowley gave him a smirk and sat down on his throne.
“Are you two alright?” Cas turned around to look over them.
“Really? You’re giving it to me now?” Dean frowned at their alarm clock. Ten minutes past midnight. He’d gotten what, an hour?
“I’d like to see Mary,” Cas smiled. “But I’m not sure that’s a good idea right now. Adam’s at their house at the moment.”
Sam let out an awkward cough.
Sam was sitting beside him, looking out the window, probably lost in thought. Cas had stretched out on the backseat and he was sleeping quietly. He would get a crick in his neck where he propped himself up against the door, using the jacket as a pillow.
Dean thought back to Sioux Falls, to the black Tahoe crashing into them.
The angel’s teary laugh was full of joy and his touch tender when his hand was sneaking into the back of Dean’s neck.
“Like a dumb horror movie,” Dean muttered and Sam agreed with a grunt. He could practically feel Cas’ eyeroll, even when he could just see the back of his head.
The last time, when Cas and he had been here on their double date with Dorothy and Charlie, they had ordered a big plate of tortilla chips with everything extra and beers. It had been a fun night, except for the way Dean still had had that alertness he couldn’t let rest around them.
“You got a case?” Dean forgot about his anger immediately.
“To kill me if I become a liability,” he said. “Which I just did by remembering.”
“Crowley gave you a code for that, too?” Cas asked.
“He was a dick. I just told him as such,” Claire answered. “Dads!”
“Okay, stop bitching at each other,” Dean stepped between them and turned to Cas. “I told Sam because he would be real disappointed if I didn’t.”
“Okay, first things first, there’s no such thing as an angel,” Dean paced.
“I think he liked or at least respected me. He called me a couple times throughout the years. I was one of his best resources. Strictly business calls, of course.” Cas looked at Dean sharply. “What happened, anyway? I know it’s not my place to ask, but I always wondered.”
“Hi, Lisa!” Dean turned sideways so they could look at both their neighbors.
The words didn’t even register at first. Because it was impossible and he certainly didn’t deserve them. Cas surely couldn’t mean –
“Dean, where did you put my coat?” he asked.
“That’s what I still don’t understand,” Charlie seemed excited all of a sudden. “How’s Cas so open about everything? We never even considered him because he just doesn’t fit in the picture. I mean, your relationship alone shouldn’t be possible.”
After a thorough shower and a change of clothes Cas led them down into the kitchen and they both stopped in their tracks. The kitchen island and some part of the floor was littered with glass.
” a voice said through the comms in their ears.
The flashbang went off in ten (they were slow), and then after a couple seconds three pairs of boots were hitting the wooden floor.
“I spent some quality time up there with this really bendy –”
Sam’s car was already there, he and the kids probably waiting for them inside, ready to hear the things they hadn’t talked about on the phone which were mostly everything important. Dean stopped at the front door with the duffel in hand, not feeling up to facing all that.
“In or out?” Dean asked. He wouldn’t hold it against Sam. The base could trigger him easily and that would be more of a hindrance than if he didn’t come at all.
“Thank you,” Cas stepped up to the old, red sofa and pulled out the hideous garment. He shook it out and put it on with a glare that said
Dean bit back a grin and leaned back in his seat, resting his head against the window. He looked at Cas until his eyelids were too heavy and a couple miles later he was fast asleep.
“Castiel,” the demon didn’t flash the red of his eyes. It wasn’t exactly necessary, Dean knew, but it surprised him. These fuckers liked to show off. “Been a long time. How’ve you been?”
“But this is getting ridiculous!” his daughter exclaimed and threw herself down next to him on the couch, arms crossed petulantly, looking like the definition of a sulky teen.
The thunder disappeared like it was never there, replaced with a spoonful of honey. His gaze became hooded and a pleased rumble left his throat as he pressed his nose under Dean’s jaw, sniffing eagerly. The protective trace in his scent didn’t lessen but became something tender that wasn’t for keeping others away but was directed straight at Dean.
The introductions inside went down faster. Bobby only grumbled out a greeting beside a “There’s two of you?” to Cas and told them that Pamela had called that she was just half an hour out.
“Don’t use your cell phone, don’t talk about cell phones… or satellites,” Dean ranted off. “And do
“You know this sounds crazy, right?” It was almost the same thing Dean himself had asked Cas yesterday, but Sam sounded a bit condescending, the bastard. “You tell me it happens every time Cas cuts himself?”
It was enough to get the woman’s – monster’s – attention. She whirled around just to get a knife somewhere in her abdomen but that didn’t work either. She got Charlie by the throat before Dean could even move and slammed her to the ground.
” Rowena confirmed.
“Ooh, can I come?” Charlie asked. She was a red-haired bundle of excitement. “You guys have to give me a tour after dinner. This hobbit hole must be huge!”
