“You’re alive.” He said in awe, still not fully registering what was happening.
That’s where Tony found him one time, a couple months after the Battle of New York.
His heart will always ache for the people he lost, for all the chances he missed. But deep down he knows that the best thing he can do is move on.
He looked into her clear brown eyes,
So, he is determined to retire from the action field. Well, he would always help when needed,
But to them,
He said with a final tone.
Steve might as well have shouted.
the other man said in awe.
But he did notice the change in Tony’s expression when he mentioned Howard’s name. “You weren’t close to him, were you?” he asked.
And pressed the button to Tony’s suite, which had at one point become
“It’s okay.” the engineer said and was surprised to know he actually meant it.
He fell back on the mattress as tears streamed from his eyes. It was like having his heart ripped off. He’d never loved anyone as strongly as he loved Steve and now he’s probably gone. How could he ever live with that knowledge?
“Patience is a virtue.” the super soldier replied.
Tony felt his heart skip a beat.
Then he realized,
Steve sighed. “I fell in love then and I fell in love now. I lost my people then and I lost some now. But I still have family left, I still have you from both my past and my future. It wouldn’t make sense to give it up now.” he said.
The butler placed down his knife and turned his full attention to the man in front of him.
He admitted painfully.
Steve let out a soft laugh. “I really did.”
All the guests seemed to be having fun, now having finished their meals, they crowded the impromptu dance floor. Thor had brought his girlfriend, Jane, and tried not to step on her feet while she laughed absentmindedly. Clint had actually improved his skills and now danced with Natasha, or any female guest available, with ease. Bruce still wasn’t feeling the concept of dancing, but gave in under Darcy’s insistent nagging and granted her a dance. After his mandatory dance with Pepper, who was now swirling around with Rhodey, Tony sat down at his table again and looked around for Steve.
“Everyone expects me to adjust in the 21st century like nothing happened. And I think I’m doing a good job with the Avengers helping me, with you by my side. It’s just... sometimes I miss how much easier everything used to be.”
Bruce, smart and sweet, always ready to sacrifice himself for the greater good and always willing to listen and offer advice to Steve.
But he had to ask,
He was noting down some updates needed to be done to the suit when Jarvis announced, “Sir, Nicholas Fury is on the line.”
“Are you hurt? What’s going on? Are you in a battlefield right now? Oh my god did you call me during a gun fight? How can I help? I can send you whichever medical specialist you need.” Tony started blabbing.
Steve replied sincerely.
The 13 year old heard his alarm beep and almost jumped out of the covers.
He took a deep breath and slowly zipped down the top part of his uniform. He swiftly located the wound, which, even though it had almost completely healed, was still red.
He laughed fondly.
He added with a fake cheerfulness.
The smaller man climbed onto the Captain’s lap and they continued making out heavily until they broke it for air.
The married couple cut the cake and drunk champagne. Well, it was actually apple juice,
He thinks he can help the people that had been snapped. If anyone knows what it’s like to wake up suddenly years later, it’s him. So, he can help people adjust. Motivate them and continue his part in the support groups.
That was the thing with Steve, he always managed to make him feel a little more like himself, no masks needed.
“Like he is the only one in the room right now.” his long time friend replied.
Steve’s voice suddenly appeared.
Tony laughed out loud and continued fixing the circuit board while happily chatting with one of his few friends.
“If anything goes wrong, there is a guard by the corner.” She said warily and pointed her head to an agent not too far away.
One lazy afternoon they were down in the workshop, Tony updating one of his repulsors while Steve looked at him from the couch, a soft smile playing on his lips. Loud music could be heard from the lab’s speakers and even though it had been hard for the man out of time to get used to it at first, now he wouldn’t have it any other way. While the genius was working with a sway of his hips to the beat of the music, the other man was playing catch with Dum-E.
It was in that moment when Steve realized that the genius had come out there only wearing his blank tank top. He promptly removed his sweatshirt and handed it to Tony. The other man stared at it for a second and then accepted the offer. Steve couldn’t deny how good his clothes looked on the shorter guy. A sort of possessive feeling overcame him.
He found joy on having someone actually willing to listen to him. Steve could cut the bond off any time he wanted, but he never did. The ‘so called connection’ could last from minutes to even a couple of hours or until one of them cut it off.
“Watch out Cap, your inner ninety year old is showing.” Steve laughed while the elevator doors opened.
He replied with a juvenile sense of competitiveness.
He said hesitantly.
“And you still haven’t seen half of it. There are countless movies about space these days. Gravity, After, Interstellar, so many choices. Although to be honest, the alien ones don’t really appeal to me anymore. After, you know, seeing actual aliens.” the genius huffed out an awkward laugh.
It hardly rang twice.
Steve went stiff for a couple of seconds. He knew Tony was a man that showed his affection with touches, but he wasn’t used to that kind of treatment. At least not in the 21st century. After a while he relaxed and hugged the engineer back.
“But you had a fight.” she continued furrowing her eyebrows.
Steve’s heart stopped in his chest. He closed his eyes for a second and took a deep breath.
“Well, you won’t believe it, but a pretty blond I know happens to be camping in the outskirts of Sirmione.” Tony admitted.
“Tony? Hello? Is anyone there?” the blond called out from the other end of the line.
When both men sat down on the couch, the genius looked at his hands and took a deep breath.
“I-I’m sorry... I forgot-I gotta go get some notes I... forgot ehm.. there.” Tony said while running out of the lab.
“Are you daddy’s Steve?” she inquired while ending the handshake.
And Sam, caring and kind-hearted, ready to follow him through hell.
Steve did talk about the war, though not often. He would describe his adventures with his team without never mentioning their names or locations.
“Ah, hey Tony, it’s good to hear your voice.” Steve said with a certain gentleness that made the genius forget all about his previous worries.
“No, I don’t think I will.” he said finally.
, not just like.” she whispered, her childish nature very prominent at that point.
She looked at him with her doe eyes.
Without breaking eye contact with him, she said “Anthony, honey, please go to your room.”
Jarvis always had his way of knowing when Tony wasn’t okay and adjusted his behavior accordingly.
Tony asked confused. After not receiving an answer he pressed on,
“I don’t think I’ll go, Buck. I’ve come to realize that maybe it’s better for me to stay here.” Steve replied and looked his best friend in the eyes.
After a minute he realized he hadn’t answered to Steve’s question,
“Is this a joke?”
“It’s-it’s not that bad. I mean, the-there were thousands of contestants and-“ he could feel his heart thumping in his chest.
“to be special.” Tony finished. “I’m sorry, I forgot” he said lamely.
he sounded relieved.
and as the engineer rarely went to his suite anyway, they found the perfect space in it. Now, anyone that walked in could see Steve’s newspaper on the table, a tablet thrown onto the sofa, the shield next to the bedroom’s closet, Tony’s clothes all over the place, proof that people actually lived there.
The next morning Steve lied on his stomach in Tony’s king sized bed while the other man lazily wrote equations with his finger on his bare back. It was definitely too early for Tony, the first rays of sun coloring the room, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. He finally felt content.
Of course, it was nothing like Jarvis’ experienced cooking, earned by years of preparing meals in the kitchen for the Starks, but Steve’s sentiment made up for it. “It’s
His voice trembled.
When they reached their destination, he took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a second. When he had composed himself, he opened his eyes and slipped his sunglasses on.
“You know what?” Tony said breaking the silence. “I should probably give you your present, I left it in my room.” he continued while getting up and heading for his room.
“We did.” he confirmed, looking down. The memory of smashing his shield into Tony’s glass heart flashed vividly in his mind. His hands started shaking visibly.
“Tony, I’m so sorry. You didn’t deserve to be treated like that, you were only a child. Howard wasn’t like this, when I knew him.” Steve said with sorrow in his eyes.
He picked up with coffee and headed towards his elevator again to go to the workshop.
. Thank you so much.” he pecked his boyfriend on the cheek and ran excitedly towards his chair.
He said while going to make a toast.
They were silently riding the elevator before the agent finally said, “I have to warn you... I don’t know how stable Captain Rogers is at the moment. You have to understand, he’s lost too many people. He’s still grieving. It takes a lot to get used to a new era. But we called you ‘cause he insistently asked for you... probably because of your relation with Howard.”
Tony instinctively took a step back.
He felt like crying, but he didn’t have any tears left. Why was he even trying? He’d be dead within the week anyway, if his captors didn’t kill him before that.
“Look, it was a hard mission and everyone is tired. Natasha knows I got shot, but I told her the bullet was out. There’s no need to bother anyone right now. I’ve done worse things than remove a bullet.” Steve sighed, exhaustion clear in his voice.
“Sir is aware of your presence.” answered the AI.
He hesitated.
“Often enough.” Tony croaked out.
“Who cares” replied Tony and then promptly opened the door of the balcony and lead Steve to the back exit of the ballroom.
Steve sputtered out.
Tony swiped his uni card on the door of him dorm and proceeded to drop his bag right next to the now open door while yawning loudly.
“I missed you, too, J.” he replied softly.
He opened his tear-filled eyes and looked down at his massacre of a chest.
He could feel the last ten minutes replaying in his head.
He encouraged him.
There was this idiot, who for some reason decided he was smart enough to go to a physics event and had the audacity to disagree with Pe-the Kid’s point. He said that gravitational force was stronger than nuclear? Can you even believe it? His argument was that no creature can disobey the laws of gravity. Ridiculous, right?
“I-I can’t-“ Tony said suddenly. His hands shaking were shaking. “Can’t fix it- I thought I knew how to but I can’t-“ he stammered.
“Oh is little Tony going to cry now?” his father mocked him. “Are you ever going to man up and stop acting like a sissy whenever anyone raises the tone of their voice?”
FRIDAY probably replied with a witty comment telling him to stop being a mother hen and stop checking the location every day, but he paid her no mind.
He, also, found out that soulmates could supposedly sort of sense each other’s feelings. Although Steve’s side of the bond always felt cold.
I-I didn’t know...
Even when he was on the run, he had managed to take a small notebook with him and draw a little while the others were busy. Small sketches of his newly formed team, but also his other teammates, well, mostly Tony. He could continue his beloved hobby, maybe take up some classes.
He explained.
“I really am.” Steve answered truthfully. “Everything is perfect, Shellhead. Thank you, you didn’t have to go that far for me.”
His laugh cut off abruptly when he heard Steve hiss in pain.
Then he remembered why he was in his room in the first place. He could feel tears threatening to spill from his eyes. He climbed on his bed, got under the covers and closed his eyes tightly.
Tony felt his throat constricting.
Morgan furrowed her eyebrows comically. “But what about your new friends?” she asked in a tad more demanding tone.
Tony teased.
the most special day of my life that I get to spend with the most beautiful person I know” Steve replied in amusement.
Bucky kept his expression neutral, although Steve could see his shoulders slumping in relief. “How come?” he asked carefully.
“Then I’m glad we’re on the same page.” Tony replied beaming, while pulling Steve in for another mind blowing kiss.
“So, you and Steve, huh? Took you long enough.” she said nonchalantly.
Tony would invite Steve down to the workshop and the latter would draw the bots while the engineer was working. And if at one point Steve’s drawings contained mostly Tony, rather than his bots, that was solely the artist’s business.
He said fondly and Tony, for once in all these moments of torture, felt hopeful.
Tony could already feel a headache forming. “Decline.” He ordered.
Tony did follow Steve’s advice. First thing next morning he called Obadiah giving him permission to handle all the corporational bullshit while he did what he loved. How that turned out in the future is another matter.
“Thank you, for bringing me here.” Tony said suddenly. “It means a lot.”
When one of them wasn’t feeling well, the other just knew he would be on the roof. Sometimes, they went there to stargaze, the blond was fascinated by the stars that rarely appeared in the polluted sky.
“Nooo” she said while tapping his arm impatiently. “I mean
After a minute passed Steve seemed to have recollected himself.
, and gave her a faint smile.
He looked around to make sure everyone else was out of sight and then picked up the pocket knife.
“I- I know it sounds ridiculous, I do. These just weren’t the right circumstances. I want to save my first dance,
“You wouldn’t believe it, but I actually do know a lot about the twenty first century. Maybe only in theory but...”
“It’s not the same.” she repeated in a tiny trembling voice that broke Steve’s heart. He stroked her hair lightly as she took some deep breaths.
The following two and a half weeks Tony grieved his soulmate’s loss. He was convinced Steve had finally passed the threshold to other side as his part of the bond felt warm, whereas it used to feel cold. Tony supposed that warmth came from his side of the connection.
He sounded somewhat offended.
“I’m so sorry, Tony. I’ve never thought of the impact losing JARVIS had to have on you. I was too narrow minded at the time. I only knew how to blame you for Ultron, for Vision and didn’t even think what you lost in the process.”
Steve sounded panicked.
When he regained his composure he said flippantly, “Donate the shield to the Smithsonian, I’m sure they’ll go crazy over it, and keep the body safe from prying eyes as to protect the serum.”
, so of course she had to say “You didn’t answer my question.” with a small pout on her face.
He had already pressed the contact on his flip phone and waited for the call to connect.
He just sat next to him and put his arm around Steve’s shoulders as to provide him some more warmth. Steve leaned his head on Tony’s shoulder.
But the genius didn’t really need anyone else. Steve was the only person that knew every part of him, his darkest thoughts and his brightest ideas.
Steve started and Tony’s heart sunk. He’s never heard his soulmate sound so defeated.
“You’re hilarious, Tony.” the other man replied dryly but with a small smile on his face. “Oh and thank you for soundproofing the tower.” he said shyly.
Steve said gently.
“I honestly don’t know.” He admitted but Tony didn’t care. He could feel tears threatening to spill from his eyes.
Steve thought about it for a moment.
He tried to take some deep breaths, but it felt like there was no place for air in his lungs, felt like he was suffocating. His hands were shaking wildly and his eyes were filled with tears. His normally perfect vision was so blurred, he could hardly see the scenery around him anymore.
He continued.
“Like what?” Tony said with a stubborn look on his face.
“That’s when I understood the meaning of soulmates. I got frozen in the ice for almost seventy years, Tony. Seventy years! And where did that bring me? Right to you. This can’t be a coincidence. There’s a reason I survived the ice, a reason they found me now and not in a hundred years.
“So, what are you going to do after you return the stones?” he asked.
“I don’t want this to be an one time thing. I don’t want to pretend nothing happened. I’m so in love with you. I have been for quite some time now. I want to go on dates with you and wake up every morning next to you.” the blond continued.
Steve huffed fondly.
“Oh” Tony said and there was silence for a couple of seconds. Steve gave him time to elaborate.
“I need you to promise me something.” he said and she looked at him with a curious expression on her face. She gave him a little nod.
He admitted.
Without even looking up he managed to dodge the flying bottle that ended up broken on the office’s door.
“Well, I am. Uhm. Asking nicely, that is.” Steve said with a nervous chuckle.
“Sometimes, yes. But not that often anymore. I have other things to be scared of at night now.” the other man replied. He knew he wasn’t playing fair, but he wanted to be honest with Steve.
Steve said firmly.
Steve said faintly.
“Do the others know you are injured? I’m sure they can help.” Tony cut in.
Tony pulled away from the hug enough to look at his boyfriend his hopeful eyes. “Really?” he asked in a small voice.
and I would just feel so out of place.”
Tony felt tears threatening to escape from his eyes.
He ran to his room, quickly trimmed his beard and changed into a suit with an AC/DC t-shirt, because he had to stay on brand.
He felt a shiver run down his spine.
When Tony realized what was happening, he immediately tore his eyes away from the evening sky and turned abruptly to face his boyfriend. He was on one knee, one hand holding a small velvet box with a breath-taking ring inside, looking at Tony with hopeful eyes.
Without even realizing it, they had both moved towards each other. It was as if there were a magnetic pull between them, that mended their souls and couldn’t keep their bodies apart.
Jarvis took his disappointment for sadness, “You shouldn’t worry about that now, Tony. You have your whole life ahead of you. And I’m sure your soulmate does, too.”
The genius was completely in shock. Not because he didn’t want this, this is all he wanted for the past two years. He just didn’t think that Steve would want to spend the rest of his life with him.
“We really were.” Steve said fondly, remembering all the times they had worked together. Especially those last times. They were still vivid in his memory. Even with all their differences through the years, on the field they were like two different men. They had learnt to trust each other and they worked like a well-oiled machine.
Steve turned around and hugged him for a moment. How could I leave this man alone. I’m not the only one that went through this loss, we all did. He thought grimly.
“My friendship with him? My dignity?” he said desperately. “I think you’ve lost that a long time ago, приятель” Nat answered. Tony shrugged.
“As if I haven’t already tracked you location.” He said and signaled JARVIS to end the call.
“What are you doing out here all alone, little miss?” he said deliberately avoiding her question.
He felt bad for hanging up so abruptly, but something told him he would hear from the captain again, anyway.
, his brain supplied.
Steve almost got up when suddenly his happy demeanor shifted and he forcefully pulled his arm back. “Tony..” he said with a stern look on his face.
“How about we go back inside? I’m sure your mum is really worried about you. Okay?” the blond suggested.
He hadn’t even realized the brunette had stopped talking for a while now.
have watched them. Well, I made you watch them. But you said you enjoyed them!” he continued rambling happily.
He still felt betrayed, but he did understand that Steve probably had a point.
Thanks to my girl, sasha, for beta’ing <3
“Ugh, hey Cap.” he said trying to hide his awkwardness, but audibly failing.
Steve looked down at his shoes and said “No, I want my first dance to be special”.
And if they shed some tears when they saw each other at the aisle, no one mentioned it.
He didn’t have a scalpel, but he figured a knife and Nat’s tweezers would do.
His voice sounded small and vulnerable.
“Okay, okay let me serve first.” Steve replied with a fond eye roll.
wanted.” he said, all in one breath.
, I knew I needed to keep his legacy alive somehow.
he would always say and kiss the scar tissue around it softly.
It was too hot, too cold, he couldn’t breathe.
He hissed in pain.
“Then why...” Tony whispered.
“It’s Steve” the other guy muttered.
Tony exclaimed.
Tony huffed. “My mum and I always had a weird relationship. I loved her to death, don’t get me wrong, but she wouldn’t have won the ’mother of the year award’. You see, she became a mother pretty young and definitely wasn’t prepared for it. She was used to attending galas and she had her own charity events to organize, but she did try to be there for me. She just didn’t always succeed.
He admitted.
“Both. For once, he hasn’t stopped asking about you and requesting every article possible that has your interview in it.”
“How are you holding up?” he continued while laying a hand on his friend’s shoulder as a sign of support.
“He thinks it’s rather urgent, Stark.”
“I’ve travelled to one too many places, but Italy has to be my favorite. Maybe I’m sentimental like that.” the genius admitted.
“We’ll do this and so much more, I promise.” He couldn’t even contain his smile at that point.
That sounded like a lie, but the genius decided not to comment on it.
“He knew, Buck.” Steve answered. “They both did.” he continued, his thoughts traveling to Natasha, her and the secret romance that had been going on between his best friends.
“Well, Nat also helped me organize the gathering.” Tony replied nonchalantly. “Anyways, how old are you now? Three hundred?” he changed the subject.
“You had said that Ana was your soulmate, right?”
Steve may be a super soldier, but that doesn’t make him invincible.
He actually sounded pained himself.
“Tony...” Rhodey started with a warning tone. The other man looked him straight in the eyes. “You  broke up with Pepper a long time ago, it’s good you’re getting out there again.” he said smiling encouragingly.
“Tony...” he said placatingly. “Everything okay?” he continued while walking closer to his friend.
Talking to Steve became sort of a habit. Sometimes they wouldn’t happen to talk for a few weeks- it wasn’t really a choice- but having someone to talk to often enough was refreshing.
He said with a reprimanding tone.
The ceremony the next day went smoothly and weirdly enough the grooms didn’t even feel a tad anxious. They have never felt so sure about anything in their lives. Getting married felt like the most normal thing for them at that point.
“Shot??? And you’re still in pain? How is that possible? Has it been long since the fight? What about the serum? It’s supposed to take care of pain like this, I’ll have a word with Erskine when I seen him in the afterlife.”
“Please, shellhead, let me in.” he whispered.
Steve knew him so well.
Fair warning: I tried to keep this unbiased, but I am on Tony’s side and it does show at some points on this fic (although I do try to keep it neutral, just wait and see)
He spat out.
Tony didn’t say anything. He felt like Steve wasn’t really done yet.
“So, what do you think?” he asked.
He explained.
“What?” Tony asked, suspicious.
Without really thinking about it, he hung up.
He spat out.
“No, no, it’s okay. Your dad and I had a disagreement, but in the end it didn’t matter who was right and who was wrong. The only thing that really mattered was that we weren’t there for each other when it counted. Truth is I am better when he’s by my side, when he was-“ he said honestly.
He tried to change the subject.
Steve let the smaller man go and opened the sketchbook again. He showed Tony all of his old drawings; of Bucky, Peggy, beautiful sceneries he found while traveling Europe with the Commandos. He told him the stories behind each one of them with a fond smile on his face. He could finally remember his past without the feeling of asearing need to go back. Tony nodded, asked questions and let him take his time while his voice stuttered throughout some of his stories.
“How about my floor?” Tony suggested
He questioned.
All in all, he was sorry and by the time he reached his house, at the beginning of summer break, he was set on apologizing to his soulmate. But first, he had to find Jarvis.
He somehow needed to get his mind off the matter at hand, so he placed the knife down and dug out the flip phone out of his pant pocket.
Steve replied in awe.
He panicked.
The moment you’ve all been waiting for... *drum roll*
No matter how old he got, no matter how many years would pass, one thing Tony could never erase from his memory would be the smile on Steve’s face as he took his hand, got up and lead him towards the dance floor.
He asked gently.
He was observing the other man with a fond look, while the Captain was doing a competition with Thor as to who will fit the most marshmallows in his mouth, after Clint’s request, of course.
He was gasping for air, but couldn’t get any. He felt like he was going to suffocate. His hands were trembling manically against his head and his pulse wouldn’t calm down. He didn’t even notice the hot tears streaming from his eyes.
TW: alcoholism
The Captain immediately stood up walking towards Tony as if he was enchanted. The genius guessed he was impressed by his uncanny resemblance to Howard.
What if Steve had told him the truth about the his parents‘ death?
my special person.”
he thought.
The other man said with a final tone.
“Okay now come help me make dinner, you little rascal.” he said while getting up.
“Oh you knew him?” Tony said with a forced bitter laugh. “Cap, you were the only thing he ever talked about. He was obsessed with the idea of finding you and he committed his life to this goal, forgetting he actually had a family.”
He considered using Iron Man to go to SHIELD, but decided against it, as he didn’t want to overwhelm the poor man more. He signaled his AI to call Happy, who a few minutes later picked him up with his Audi. No one said he shouldn’t arrive in style after all.
So, to calm him down I took him to that ice cream place he was nagging me about. That was fun. He told me about that girl, Michelle, he has a major crush on. I mean he won’t admit it but he’s definitely whipped for her.”
Suddenly he panicked.
“And the kid later told me the other guy didn’t even study science! So, the kid told him that when friction occurs, the force is tangential to the surface of the body, which is constant and it’s the opposite of the direction of the motion of a body, but he wouldn’t listen! And like I could see the kid worrying, even though we all knew the other guy was wrong.
He rolled his eyes even though he knew Steve couldn’t see him.
He said soothingly.
At this point, Steve was used to Tony knowing his location at all times. It secretly made him feel a little safer, in case things took an ugly turn.
“Were you ever going to tell me?” he asked more out of curiosity than anger.
The elevator doors opened and Tony finally walked in his apartment after three nights in the yacht. He supposedly had fun, but he honestly didn’t feel like it.
Even Scott, who after everything still had hope left and helped them all save the universe.
“I always preferred the futuristic ones, you know. Like Star Wars, Star Trek. I love seeing people imagining what the future, what other galaxies would be like. It never fails to fascinate me.” the blond said enthusiastically.
“Is anyone here?” he asked out loud but got no answer in return.
After the funeral ended, Steve walked around in the field close to the Stark mansion. He didn’t feel like he could stay in the building any longer. His heart ached for someone that just wasn’t there anymore.
The other rows were filled with some agents, other friends
Suddenly, he got jarred out of his thoughts by a little tug he felt on his pants, somewhere near his thigh. He looked down and saw little fingers grasping one leg of his dress pants firmly.
Tony couldn’t really pinpoint when he fell for Steve. He only knew he did and he fell hard. He fucked around just for the pleasure of it, but he knew he couldn’t really give his love so ultimately to anyone else other than his soulmate. Deep down, he knew the other man felt the same, but he wanted the best for Tony, for him to have a stable relationship, a family.
Steve replied sarcastically.
“After the wormhole, I mean. I still have nightmares about it, you know? But who am I kidding, I still have nightmares about Afghanistan too, and it’s been quite some time. I know it’s stupid-“ Tony rumbled but Steve cut him off, “It really isn’t”.
He looked around the room. It seemed like a bad replica of a 40s home. Poor guy probably would have hated it.
He gingerly took the bowl out of Yinsen’s hands. He brought it up to his lips and drunk some of the soup-looking liquid. He gave it back to the other man and put his hands closer to the fire to get some warmth.
“Which is...” he pushed on impatiently. He had so much many problems in his mind he didn’t need Captain Hook bugging him.
This isn’t the end for him, it isn’t the breaking point. He has been through hell and back, he fought the fight of his life and survived. That’s what he is, a survivor. Because no matter what life threw onto his plate, no matter the struggles, he always managed to survive, adjust to the change.
He begged till he couldn’t feel anything from the other side of the bond. The connection was cut off.
“I am.” he whispered, a giddy laugh of relief escaping his lips.
They didn’t have a bachelor party or anything of the sort. Steve spent the night playing cards with the other Avengers while Tony drunk sparkling water, watched and criticized sappy movies with his closest friends. At one point, around 3am Tony laid in the mansion’s king sized bed with Pepper sleeping peacefully on the other side and Rhodey laying asleep on top of their feet.
The dance itself didn’t look professional, the inexperienced Captain stumbling on his husband’s feet and both of them failing to synchronize. But they danced until there was no more song playing, until all the guests had left and it was just the two of them under the stars looking into each other’s eyes like it was the only thing that mattered in the world.
A breeze of melancholy passed through the air and Tony decided it was enough emotional talk for one night. “Okay, how about we ditch this place and go get some cheeseburgers?” he suggested.
His mind had completely blanked. 1918. Even if Steve was alive today he would have been 70 years old. What the everloving fuck.
“That was basically the case with Bucky and I. I know, the variables were totally different and I made many mistakes, but knowing he was alive and I could save him? I would do anything to help him.” Steve said with a gentle tone.
His hands trembled over the circuit board and he took a sharp breath.
“So, now you’ll go fight more bad guys?” she asked again.
Tony walked around his apartment, headed to the living room and sat down on the couch.
He replied somewhat sad.
He replied softly.
Steve said exasperatedly.
He could still remember his eyes and the wrinkles that appeared around them when he genuinely smiled. That beautiful brown that had a special glint when he came up with a new idea. The way he moved his hands as he was explaining an elaborate plan. Tony always spoke with his hands. It was a sly reminder of his Italian background.
“Of course, you’re the love of my life and that’s never goin’ to change.” he said and kissed him softly.
“Do you want to head inside?” Tony continued.
“We found Captain America.” He said and Tony felt his blood run cold.
He then spotted a blond figure sitting on the immaculate bed. He was wearing a simple white army t-shirt and sweatpants. His posture changed from slumped to upright when he saw Tony, his azure blue eyes piercing his hazel ones.
Tony closed him eyes and didn’t say anything for a moment.
Tony felt like crying. He was too lucky to have Jarvis in his life. He, also, braced himself to ask a far more important question.
He could feel his eyelids dropping from the exhaustion, his ears never stop buzzing from the water that had gotten into them, courtesy of the waterboarding. Tony shivered at the recent memories. God, it had been a bad day and it was only the beginning.
He went to the couch and sat next to the other guy.
He croaked out.
The blond really didn’t want to hang up. Getting the other man to talk so freely to him wasn’t an every day occurrence. But he had been running on 3 hours of sleep the last five days, which wasn’t healthy, even for a super soldier, so maybe he did need to get some rest.
“Cap? You okay there?” Tony finally asked.
, Tony repeated and felt his heart settle in the warmth it had always been looking for.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.” he blurted. He then looked down in shame and Tony felt an ache in his heart. He never wanted those blue eyes to look anywhere else but him. “It was confidential, although that really is not a good excuse.”
“Now that you’ve mentioned soulmates, can I ask you something regarding that topic?” he hesitated.
After a second he added “Do
“Both of them did.” Tony said answering his unasked question.
“Of course.” he replied softly.
“You should go to sleep too, you know. You can go to your workshop tomorrow.” he replied.
A second later he added “Sam is calling my name from our camping site. Can I go or will you not be able to last a second without me?”
What the hell?
“Since I was born, all I've been for him was the person that would continue his legacy. He didn’t see me as a child, definitely didn’t treat me as one. He saw me as a genius, so he sent me to a boarding school and then to MIT without caring about what
He asked with a sober honestly, anxious to learn the answer.
He was convinced the Captain would be disappointed when he actually talked to Tony, as he would realize he doesn’t resemble his father that much after all.
Pepper was the one that walked Tony down the aisle, with Rhodey and Bruce as his best men. Steve’s were Clint, Natasha and Thor and even though the Norse god couldn’t really grasp the concept of midgardian weddings, he was thrilled to participate. There weren’t many guests with Fury, Maria and Coulson sitting closely in the front row.
Oh no, Tony knew what was coming.
“You know me so well.” he replied but his voice had a sort of gentleness to it. “Now, go get your beauty sleep.”
“Yes.” he said softly.
“But you’re not. You’re not okay.” His voice sounded wet with tears.
“I could tell JARVIS to order take-out.” Tony replied while getting up, already shifting to a happier demeanor.
. He was a man with a magnet on his chest that played superhero in a metal suit marrying a super soldier who was more than 90 years old. If someone had told him any of that ten years prior he would have laughed in their face.
He sounded confused.
“It’s normal for soulmates to fight sometimes. You’re both just human. But you should remember that there is a reason God mended your souls, a reason why you’re better off together than alone. You can stand up for yourself and fight if you feel like you have to, but at the end of the day you should remember that you’re a team. You should fight together against the problem, not against  each other.” The older man advised him.
“Maybe.”
That’s why Steve was standing outside the lab that night. “JARVIS, could you please notify Tony I’m outside.”
His soulmate must have heard that thought because then he said,
“I’m in love with you, too” he whispered to the sleeping man beside him. Little did he know, Steve had actually heard him.
He checked the windows, under the bed, even gathered the courage to open his door a little to see if anyone was standing outside. There was nothing.
He thought he heard Steve make a strangled noise at that.
“You’re such a tease.” the blond huffed in amusement at last.
“St-captain... is everything okay?” the genius asked carefully.
Tony said exasperatedly.
“He really is. None of us would be here without him.” he said with a fond look on his face although his mind supplied him with flashbacks of that final battle.
He refused to talk to Steve the weeks that followed, even though his soulmate didn’t really seem to try to connect with him, which stung a little. Okay, a lot. Wasn’t he worth the effort?
“I don’t think Agent Hill would be pleased with us leaving the gala.” Steve replied, a small smile playing on his face.
“Anything for you.” Steve said as he turned to look at Tony. He hadn’t realized how close the other man was sitting and now their faces were inches apart. Tony looked deep into his azure eyes and then his eyes wandered down to his lips. They were so close he could feel Steve's breath on his lips.
They were each other’s anchor.
“Maybe you’re right.” Tony admitted, rubbing a hand over his face. He looked over to Steve again. Now the competition was over and most of the guests were dancing on the dance floor. The Captain was sitting on the couch alone observing everyone with a joyful look. Tony wanted Steve to always look this happy.
A couple of moments later they broke apart, breathing heavily, only their foreheads touching at that point. Tony’s hands were on Steve’s neck slightly gripping at the nape of his hair.
Steve chuckled in amusement. “The spider... kid?”
Tony always charmed the guests with his charisma and dancing skills. Nat would dance with Clint who always stepped on her foot and earned himself a death glare. Thor, whenever he was on earth, would chat amicably with the guests, feeling fascinated by the midgardians. Even Bruce would make small-talk with fellow scientists, enjoying himself in his own way.
“To whom?” Tony said innocently trying to avoid the subject.
responsible. Anyway, he came over today to check out the new compound. Did I tell you I’m making a new compound? It’s really nice. So, I showed the kid around and he was so fascinated. Then I took him up my lab and I swear to God, that kid’s a genius. He even helped me to solve a problem with Widow’s bites!” he started rambling.
He didn’t even notice when Steve walked close behind him.
Tony needed a moment to register what his husband had said. “Wait really? You-you actually mean it?”
He was so focused on the other guy, he didn’t even notice Rhodey sitting down onto the stool next to him.
He replied confidently.
They walked into the elevator in a comfortable silence and pressed the button of the communal floor. When they reached the kitchen Tony sensed a familiar scent.
the other man sounded confused.
“As you can tell, we never got to dance and I never learned how to do it.” Steve continued.
“It’s okay, I get it. I‘m glad you called, Tony.” the blond said with his smooth voice and the genius ended the call.
He felt like crying.
They would fight together along with the other Avengers and then Steve would stay in the workshop with Tony until he thought it was time to drag the smaller man to bed. They would go out on dates, to Tony’s favorite Italian restaurant and the blond would make him order every time just so he could listen to his practiced Italian accent. When there wasn’t any Avengers business they would have weekend expeditions to Tony’s mansion in Malibu. Steve would take the genius to museums and tell him about the technique of the works of art. In exchange Tony would take him to the Planetarium and talk about the stars for hours. He also loved to surprise his boyfriend with premium tickets to baseball games.
The captain was the first one to break the silence.
For the first time in his life, he actually wanted to make a good impression.
He explained, venom filling his words on the thought his father might be the reason his mum is dead.
But then, he met the Avengers. Every one of them marked his life in their own way. And
Begrudgingly he shook her hand.
“God, you are so pathetic.” he spat out.
The sound of the toaster snapped Tony out of his daze. He opened his eyes, quickly wiped his tears away and went to finish his breakfast.
He tried to say casually but failed.
“Sweetheart...” Steve’s heart broke and he pulled his boyfriend into a tight embrace. He rested his chin on the brunette’s head. “You are the most important person in my life and the best boyfriend I could ever ask for. You
“Indeed, she was.” Jarvis replied fondly.
The young boy pointed out.
Big thanks to my fav person aka miss Sasha (@/legendstony on insta) for being the best beta ever.
His past is what made him who he is today and he is grateful he got to spend it with some remarkable people. He used to yearn going back, but then he met more remarkable people, filled his life with new experiences and changed as a person.
Thankfully, a few moments later Maria opened the door. She looked down at the broken glass, then quickly checked Tony for any injuries and turned to her husband.
He stifled a yawn and tried to get comfortable in his painful position.
Tony didn’t even recall getting out of his bed and running into the bathroom. He sat down, back slumped against the door. He put his elbows to his knees and held his head between his legs.
Of course he did his own research on soulmates as well. He discovered that it was actually common for soulmates to have an age difference and there have been many cases of soulmates who decided to maintain a platonic relationship.
That’s why he didn’t remember Tony’s birthday, oh shit.
As Tony finally walked into his apartment and headed towards his bedroom, he continued bantering with Steve.
he muttered.
his brain supplied.
Steve himself didn’t overshare, but he did talk about his childhood for the most part. He admitted he didn’t really have the knowledge to underhand all of Tony’s ‘science talk’, as he would call it, but he did prove to be a quick learner.
the other voice sounded amused.
“If you asked nicely.” Tony replied absentmindedly without even registering what his boyfriend told him.
“My mum was Italian. Her maiden name was Carbonelli and she used to live with her family in Sirmione. She has a beautiful mansion there. Well, I suppose it’s mine now, although I’ve never visited it after her death.” he finally said.
This world may not need Steve Rogers as Captain America anymore, but Steve Rogers needs this new world he has come to love. The world has enough heroes at this point, he can finally rest and just be Steve, a guy from Brooklyn.
“God, honey bear, I have a heart condition.” he placed a hand over his heart dramatically. “And I don’t have anything to say to anyone.” he added innocently.
He replied with such a strategic calmness that was so Steve that Tony wanted to cry.
He started pacing again, so trapped in his own thoughts he hadn’t even noticed that the called had connected.
“Pathetic. You hear me?” he shouted and the little boy knew what was coming.
“I travelled around Europe during the 40s and even though I’ve seen a couple of countries, nothing can compare to the feeling I get when I’m here. It’s like you travel to another time.” the blond agreed.
“And it’s even the simplest things; I will try to put a movie on TV or my starkphone will get a notification for an update and I will think
He could feel his lips already forming a grin.
He didn’t even bother to move from his spot on the couch nor did he open his eyes. He fell asleep with his mind repeating Tony’s intelligent rambling. He may have not understood much, but the excitement painting the brunette’s voice was enough to set him to a gentle sleep.
Steve felt a sharp pain in his heart, realizing Tony may have felt the same after all. Despite everything Steve had done to him, after betraying him,
He threw his head back in frustration.
He turned to Tony abruptly and engulfed him in a crashing hug. “I love it.” he whispered softly. “Thank you.”
Ten months and a day. Five hours since Steve had been shot.
He rubbed his eyes and threw his coat on the apartment’s couch.
Steve said fondly.
That was to be expected, of course, because Steve’s floor was too personalized. Filled with old photographs and reminders of his past. They wanted something to make
The genius took a deep breath. “I didn’t make him to replace the actual Jarvis, no one could do that. But there was no one in my life that had helped me and supported me more than Jarvis had. And he was always honest with me, even if that meant giving me bad news.
That brought them to Tony modifying a circuit board on an MIT lab while explaining to the other man the mechanisms of the robot he wanted to build.
He teased.
“Sometimes, I feel like I don’t belong here. In this time.” he confessed while he sat on the edge of the building and looked at the night sky. Tony sat next to him silently.
Tonight, though, was special, because the sky looked like it was on fire. One of the most enchanting sunsets Tony had ever seen in his life. It was a beautiful mix of yellows, blues, oranges and reds that made the view look like a painting. That’s why the genius walked straight to the railing when the elevator doors opened. He couldn’t take his eyes away from the sky. He even considered taking the iron man suit to get a closer look to that beauty.
he said with his ‘Captain America voice’ as Tony liked to tease him,
He did tell Jarvis, though. He really had to talk to someone about it and since he didn’t have any actual friends at the boarding school, he thought his butler was his best choice. Jarvis was happy about him and even admitted that his wife, Ana, who had passed away a couple of years ago, was his soulmate.
After the mission ended, Tony immediately disappeared into his lab and enforced a full lock down mode. Not that he would have stayed for the debrief otherwise, but he didn’t even make a snarky comment before leaving for the workshop.
He took off his shoes and threw them next to the bed; his roommate would scold him for being so messy again in the morning. Then, he took off his hoodie, placed it on the nearest chair, climbed on his bed and covered himself with his blanket.
That thought was ridiculous.
he hesitated.
That kiss was nothing Tony had ever felt before. He obviously had plenty of experience from the past, but the love and care Steve poured into it was unparalleled. Of course he lacked Tony’s practiced ease, but his excitement and eagerness made up for it.
. Tired of always fighting a war, of using it as a coping mechanism as to not deal with his problems. He has grown and he has finally made a man out of himself.
The use of the word ‘futuristic’ confused the boy. He did make more advanced stuff, but he wouldn’t really use that term. Steve must have seen a robot again; at least on the news. Nevertheless, he decided not to comment on it.
Steve sounded broken. Shit. The last thing he wanted was to make his soulmate feel bad, too.
“Mommy said he saved the universe, he’s a hero!” she added excitedly although more tears escaped her eyes.
After the home-cooked dinner, they went to the terrace, which had become
“I’ve been here for three days and I can attest it really is magical.” Steve said and Tony bet he looked around at the scenery at that moment.
“Of course. Would like to move that talk to the couch?”
The teen bragged.
He finally managed to gather enough strength to say.
Btw I’m pretty sure Steve has mentioned his beard before but I really can’t remember when soooo let’s pretend he hasn’t oops
He tried.
“I think daddy really liked you.” she said with a mischievous glint in her eyes.
He promptly stood up and looked down at his best friend. “Wanna go dance?” he said with a hopeful look in his eyes.
He replied fondly.
His dreams that night consisted of him in his workshop back in Malibu talking to a man, whose face he could not see. He felt at home, not because he was in his house, but because that man somehow made him feel safe, secure.
Even though his side still hurt from the gunshot, just listening to Tony’s excited voice, made him feel content.
He said fondly as if reminiscing his childhood.
Bad joke ahead! (I cringe so hard, I’m sorry in advance)
“My name is Morgan,“ she said without letting his fingers go, a small smile playing on her lips.
He did feel a pang of hurt as Steve never remembered his birthday, but he understood that being in the army didn’t leave much time for checking the date. And even if it did, why would anyone care about Tony’s birthday?
The previous day, a mission had gone wrong and Clint had jumped of the wrong side of the building. Because of that Tony hadn’t been able to catch him on time. Fortunately, it was only a two-story building, so he only acquired three broken ribs, but the memory of him falling was still fresh on everyone’s minds.
“Yeah and afterwards he came to my place and we watched a movie. Well, to be specific
He reminded him.
His voice was small and trembling.
Tony wore a black suit and a red tie with golden stripes. Steve picked a dark blue suit with a dark red bow tie for himself.
That exact moment FRIDAY announced Pepper was heading to his floor.
What if Steve had actually told him how he felt?
Tony could do nothing but follow her. “Alright.” he muttered.
“Spider-
Sometimes, when his nightmares got pretty bad, he would put his head on Tony’s chest or he would take a hold of his wrist, because his heartbeat calmed him down.
That’s why Natasha wasn’t surprised when she walked in the communal kitchen one morning and found Tony making coffee wearing Steve’s sweatshirt.
Suddenly the music changed to a song from the 40s, Tony had made sure to include songs from all the decades in the mix, but especially from Steve’s time. It was the perfect timing to make a move.
The elevator dinged and Tony walked in his workshop. He placed his plate and mug on the work table and sat on a stool.
, but it was sweet to pretend.
“Fourth place? Are you fucking kidding at me?” Howard spat out and pointed his whiskey bottle towards his son.
His boyfriend, actually fiancé, got up and pulled him in for a mind blowing kiss while putting the ring on his finger. When they pulled apart for air, Steve was beaming.
He closed his eyes trying not to let tears spill.
“However, I do still have so much to learn. But there’s know else I’d rather teach me than you. So, I want this. I don’t want a night with you or unfulfilled promises. I want to spend my life with you. I want to wake up every morning next to you, to travel around the world with you, to settle down, get married, create our own family.” he admitted with a newfound fierceness. He sounded like he’d never been more sure about anything else in his life.
They stayed there until Steve stopped shivering, until they could feel the warmth of the morning sun.
Steve said softly.
Admittedly, Steve seemed to be having fun chatting with his friends and doing Clint’s ridiculous dares. Tony hadn’t seen him this happy in a long time.
“Hey, I have an idea. Wanna go get some fresh air?” suggested Steve while loosening his arms around the shorter man.
“So, when are you going to tell him?” he said startling Tony.
They walked like that to the elevator,
Steve untangled himself from the blankets and Tony’s embrace to look directly at the other man with a shy look on his face.
“You-you are right, Jarvis. I should apologize for my words and let him explain his reasons.” he agreed.
When he let go, he said “Hello, Anthony. Your absence has been noticeable.”
“Then will he let me in?” Steve inquired.
As Steve spoke a thousand ideas ran through the genius’ mind, trying to contemplate all the feasible solutions.
He might have had a chance. Maybe he would have found the love he was looking for in the other man.
The only person that felt out of place was Steve. Steve would look at the dance floor with that sad glint in his eyes, deep in the memories of another time. He would always sit in the corner, avoid talking with anyone for as long as possible. Sometimes he would even escape to the balcony.
He admitted.
“I would give anything to bring either of them back.” he replied truthfully.
, went unsaid. “It’s not the same without Mommy or the others. I want all of them, and so would your friends,” she said stubbornly, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
“It’s okay, I’ll take the stairs.” he replied heading for the communal floor. After a little more than an hour he went to the terrace. Tony was sitting there alone with slumped shoulders, looking down. The blond carefully sat next to him. Now that he was closer enough, he could tell his boyfriend had been crying. It broke his heart to see his lover like that.
He said trying to change the subject.
Tony looked ahead as well and they stayed there, silent once again. “You know, it’s hard for me to look at night sky the same way I did before.” he almost whispered.
“Well, the actual Jarvis was my only friend while growing up. He and his wife, Ana, who died from cancer at an early age. Jarvis always tried to protect me from Howard’s rage and snippy comments. He would look at my creations, when my father refused to and he was actually fascinated with them. You have no idea how much courage his positive feedback would always give me. He made me feel special, but at the same time not so different from other kids my age.“ Tony said and felt his throating restricting with the emotion.
“By the way he’s looking at you, I think it’s safe to say his does.” she replied after a moment. “Shoot your shot, you have nothing to lose.”
“Yeah, your daddy and I were friends.” he said when he opened his eyes again.
“Nonsense, I didn’t have anything better to do anyway.” Tony said.
He ran a hand through his hair and took a deep breath. It was going to be a long day.
“Steve, daddy was angry at you, but he told me many, many stories about you. He said you were a good team.” Morgan said careful, trying not to hurt the big man again.
“If you had the chance to save JARVIS, would you have done it?” the other man asked.
“You know, I still dream about Afghanistan. I know, it’s been a long time, but everything still feels so fresh, like it happened a week ago.” he continued.
As he was told, he bee-lined to the kitchen, opened the fridge and took a bottle of water. Meanwhile, he started brewing some coffee.
“Aunt Peggy” Tony muttered softly, mostly to himself.
After everything, he’s come to realize that life is an one way road and the only direction you can choose is forwards.
Their first kiss as a married couple was chaste, but filled with so much love and bone deep happiness, Tony thought it was going to overwhelm his weak heart.
It’s feeling so much love you think you will combust and being unable to offer that love to anyone but your soulmate.
He admitted somewhat warily.
The genius huffed out a small laugh. Sometimes he was sure Steve was too innocent to be real.
“Yeah...” Steve said softly but the brunette could hear the giddiness in his voice.
Absentmindedly, he took his phone out of his pocket and, without even thinking about it, called Steve.
“Ugh, I gotta go. Pep’s coming for a visit and- ugh... we haven’t really talked, you know, heart to heart and that middle school crap, since the break up.”
He teased.
“Hey hey calm down, big guy. I’m alive and I’m okay. You didn’t kill me. I’m okay.” he said placatingly.
“Can I tell you a secret?” She whispered close to his ear, her small hand covering her mouth.
His tone sounded so defeated he felt pathetic.
Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to tell his long time friend but-Jarvis was the only one that called him today and he felt lonely.
“Nooo” Morgan wailed, hitting Steve with her little hands for emphasis. “It wouldn’t be the same without you anymore. They need you like I want my Mommy and Happy and Uncle Rhodey. “
He was sitting at a table filled with vets, old war buddies, but when he caught Tony’s eye, the adoring look on his face was unmistakable. He kindly excused himself from his older company and walked towards his husband.
“I just- I cant believe it’s actually happening.” he whispered carefully trying not to wake his friends up.
“I’m sorry, I don’t think I understand?” Steve replied with a confused frown on his brows.
“Wonder why.” He muttered. “Told you I don’t wanna join your super secret boyband.”
He hardly ate, he hardly slept and he felt like a piece of him was missing. Now he fully understood what having a soulmate meant. It’s a constant warmth in your heart, a feeling of security, the belief you’re cared for. It’s the first ray of sun on a cloudy day, the feeling of a wave grazing your feet in the sand.
Steve looked even more exasperated and suddenly stood up. “We could go somewhere more quiet though.” he said hopeful.
Steve always did that. He made him see the rational side of every problem he faced. That, of course, didn’t mean he understood or accepted it, but it still helped.
“I’m afraid not. When we dug him out of the ice, we thought he was the dead. But while he was defreezing, we found a pulse.”
When they broke apart, the brunette said, “Look, I know there’s too much to take into right now. Modern world’s full of wonders. But I think ugh maybe... maybe we could try this.” His hand vaguely pointed at the space between them.
“My name. I would prefer it, if you called me Steve. Everyone here sees me as Captain America, treats me like I’m Cap. But we’re not the same person. I prefer being Steve Rogers, just a kid from Brooklyn.” he continued.
“Are there more bad guys now?” the little girl inquired, her big doe eyes looking curiously at the older man.
“Tony?” Steve asked, a little warily at first.
Again big thanks to my girl Sasha (@/ legendstony on insta) for beta’ing this chapter <3
Slowly, he cut his flesh open at the place he assumed the bullet was located.
“So, the terrace?” Tony looked unimpressed, but Steve walked towards the open space nevertheless.
Peggy was also there.
, Steve thought and he felt like he couldn’t breathe.
“Yes, Tiberius Stone. You had obtained his friendship as far as I remember.” Jarvis went back to his work, but the genius knew he was still paying the upmost attention.
He hadn’t exactly thought it through.
He suddenly heard him,
Tony closed his eyes for a second and all he could see was him and Steve in 40 years, sitting on a bench outside of their retirement house holding hands while looking at each other adoringly.
“Yes, St’ve?” she said in a voice colored with hurt. His heart ached for the little girl.
“Let’s not talk about it.” the engineer interrupted.
“I still get nightmares about everything too; Bucky falling, The Commandos, the ice. Sometimes I wake up thinking I’m still in the 40s. I even make JARVIS tell me the date every morning, just to make sure this wasn’t all just a twisted dream” Steve huffed.
He admitted shyly.
“Tony..” he started placatingly. “I’m not in a gun fight right now, I don’t need a doctor and I’m mostly fine. I just have been shot.” he probably shouldn’t have said it that casually.
Tony knew he was from Brooklyn. Even if he hadn’t told him, the accent gave it away. But he’d never told the genius where he had been stationed. Maybe it was for the better. He probably didn’t want him to search information about his dead soulmate.
He must have sensed his pain.
They stayed like this for some time. Could have been minutes, could have been hours, they wouldn’t have been able to tell. They only knew that they felt contempt in each other’s arms, the first rays of sunlight painting their skin.
Tony knew what he meant by the word ‘together’; that they have been bonded for 18 years now. But he still felt warm all over when Steve said that.
He looked at his reflection on the workshop walls and sighed. He would probably have to change from his greasy Iron Maiden t-shirt if he were to meet a national icon.
Steve sounded so shocked.
After they let go, both men looked at the lake wordlessly, each one absorbed in their memories.
Tony had even set up a telescope for them. They had camped there a few times, just with a mattress, many blankets and plenty of ice cream. That place was sacred to them and even the other Avengers knew better than to intrude.
“I haven’t told you where the SHIELD quarters are.” Fury pointed out.
Steve hummed and let him continue.
After a little he said softly,
He sounded panicked.
“Whatever it is, I’m sure it’s great. You didn’t even have to get me anything, the party was enough. Hell, you letting us stay at your tower was enough.” The blond replied and proceeded to open the box.
Sheer anger burned in his veins. All his pain turned into wrath. He got up from the floor and kicked the bathtub. “Why can’t I have anything good in life?” His voice broke as he shouted.
His body tensed and he felt his heart stop.
“Your father.” he replied.
“Are you okay?” she asked shyly in a tiny voice.
This story has finally come to its end. I started posting a year ago, I lost my beta so I stopped, but couple of weeks ago I realized how much joy this story had brought me, so I had to post everything else. Thank you so much for following this journey and supporting my fic by leaving kudos and comments, yall really made my days better<3 Hope you enjoy the last chapter!
He walked out of the ballroom to the balcony and stopped in front of the railing next to Steve. For a moment they just stood there and even though they never were really close, the silence was surprisingly comfortable. Steve closed his eyes when a little breeze passed by to savor the feeling. He looked tired, Tony noticed.
He gulped.
, said another voice.
“So, ready to see her again?” Bucky asked lightly and patted Steve’s back, deliberately trying to change the subject.
After that night, every time one of them had a nightmare, they would go to find comfort in the other man. Tony had even set up JARVIS to alert him every time Steve had a nightmare. Little did he know that Steve had done the same thing.
“Would you say yes if I asked you to marry me?” the blond continued, the nervous tone still clear in his voice.
God, Jarvis always gave the best advice.
And they actually did a great job at planning the mentioned party. It wasn’t anything big, Steve’s not that kind of guy. All the Avengers were there, their friends, a couple of agents and other associates.
“I’ve been in love with you for longer than I remember. When I woke up... I panicked. I thought I was being set up, I was afraid... I was afraid that everything I spent with you was a dream. Or a delusion of sorts, a plan of Hydra. Then Captain Fury explained, showed me proof and I realized that I was at the era you were.
He felt anger boiling hot in him. How dare he say what Tony should and shouldn’t do? He’s smart and old enough to make decisions for himself.
“Meant to be.” Tony finished his thought and kissed him again. But this time the kiss was soft and unhurried. It was full of affection and it reminded them that now they had a life time ahead together.
A pause.
He couldn’t sleep, but not because he had second thoughts, he just couldn’t believe
the other man sounded wrecked.
Steve didn’t really talk about himself. At least not in his current state, which always perplexed the teen, but he did understand the need for privacy.
“Tony...” he whispered. His eyes had started watering. “I-How did you..” he gasped.
Tony opened his eyes again and they were filled with tears. “That I would be someone special to you by now” he chocked.
“Me too, but I wouldn’t want to have it any other way.” his soon-to-be husband replied and even though Tony couldn’t see him, he knew he was smiling.
“Should we take the celebrations somewhere else?” Tony said in a suggestive manner and Steve immediately lowered his head for another kiss. This time, though, he lifted his boyfriend by the thighs, while the smaller man slung his legs around the blond’s waist.
“I think I’m gonna stay with an old friend.” he continued.
“I miss my daddy.” she said, first tears starting to roll down her cheeks.
Confusion dawned over him. Why Tony? There were so many people he could ask for but why T-ohhh he was Howard’s son. Yeah that did make sense. He basically was his only link to his past life. Great, living in my father’s shadow once again, he thought bitterly.
With a quick motion, Tony closed the space between them, stood on his tip toes and pressed his lips to Steve’s.
“And what about the other JARVIS?” Steve asked softly after a quiet while.
“That’s what I thought, too.” He replied skeptically.
If Tony wasn’t already in love with the man, he would have fallen for him right at that moment.
“I was never the person to show up to galas and shows. I remember feeling so uncomfortable during the USO tour. But I’m okay with it. It’s just-“ he took a deep breath and then continued. “I see all those people dancing inside and I remember- There was this girl, Peggy. Right before I fell into the ice I promised her to take her out to dance.” he said.
Steve said in a stern tone.
He replied as if he was already expecting it.
He waited anxiously for Tony to take the first bite.
Just like that a friendship sparked between them.
Steve didn't take his eyes off the sky, but Tony could tell he was still paying attention. He also happened to be quite a patient guy, so he waited for Tony to continue.
He sighed, “Okay I’m coming in 10.”
An hour later, an hour full of talking about their insecurities and laughing about their most random thoughts, they decided it was time to head to bed.
Steve didn’t say anything, but Tony knew he was listening; he could feel his presence, that-weirdly enough- comforting coldness. It seemed like the other man was waiting for him to speak.
He cared and he always tried to make sure Tony was healthy and happy. He knew how to calm him down and sometimes they understood each other’s feelings without uttering a word.
The other man left a small gasp of surprise giving Tony the entrance to further explore his mouth. After a few moments the blond came to his senses and started kissing back. He pulled Tony closer by the waist and deepened the kiss granting a grown of satisfaction from his soulmate.
Big thank you as always to my wonderful beta Sasha (@/legendstony on insta)
The other man scolded him.
Most people enjoyed dancing. Some of them professionally, like Tony, who was taught ballroom-dancing from a young age, so that he could attend his parent’s galas. Others were like Thor, who would jump uncoordinatedly to the beat of the music, but enjoy himself nevertheless. But not Steve. Because Steve never danced.
On the way to SHIELD, he actually felt nervous. It’s not every day you meet your childhood celebrity crush.
His words didn’t really sting Tony this time, which was actually surprising.
“God, you know me so well.” he replied with an underlying tone of amusement. “Now... ugh for the distraction part, what do you want to talk about?”
He opened his eyes and tears immediately stained his cheeks.
He said softly and felt into a warm type of sleep. It felt like Steve never ceased the connection on his part, so he could watch over Tony.
Hi! The chapters from now and on are not beta’d (though I’d gladly accept anyone’s help). This chapter is dedicated to Erika who helped me with her superb French knowledge<3
“And I’m pretty sure Steve isn’t going to change the way he thinks of you, even if he doesn’t share your feelings, which he does.” she continued.
He was in a really good mood. He hadn’t been this happy in... well, a really long time.
He explained.
He rolled his eyes and even though Steve couldn’t see him, he knew the other man felt the gesture.
asleep.
He went back to playful again.
