“No. Stop. Don't put this on your shoulders.” He looked between them both. “Do
“No one asked you, Balthazar!” Gabriel shouts back.
the first door in the hall, and he wished with all he had that the bunker would move it anywhere else. Move it to the fucking
an idiot, Dean.”
My life, my love, my drive, it came from,
“Yeah, about that,” Dean said as he leaned against the wall at the back of the room, “we lied. You understand, right, demon?”
“What? I know how this works,” he shrugged, keeping his hands in his pockets. “They’ll keep digging and digging until they find what they want and be a pain in my ass the entire time. Better to head it off now.”
“Kid?”
He just pushed himself up from the floor. Bris stood as well, though she stayed a few steps away.
He was right there.
He killed two more. “I
What the fuck was wrong with him?
And of course, Mary couldn’t lose him.
she cried. "I have a purpose that I have to fill. The Lord put me on this Earth for a
“He’s fantastic. Look, we need to get this Hell train moving so what’s the plan to get us in?”
“You think… Is the fight over?” he asked.
“The people who are hurting too bad.”
Eileen shrugged. “Well I’ve been in hiding.”
“Alright, go, go, go!” Sam shouted, pushing selkies toward the hole in the fence still radiating heat.
“Damn it.” Sam said a quick spell and the knife ceased its work.
“It’s not your problem, Cas," and Dean left the kitchen.
“No, no, don’t worry about it," he answered, and squeezed Bris’s hand. She turned and smiled at him. “I think we’re even.”
A strange, warm feeling tugged at Cas’s chest.
Cas: You don't need to congratulate them, they divorced quickly.
“Did I—” “Are you—”
“But who would I go to, anyway? It’s the same problem we had before, back when this first started. Who could I even go to? And then, even if I found a civilian doctor and by some miracle I managed to convince them I wasn’t certifiably insane, it’s not like Dean and I have
Crowley’s expression soured. “I’d have to be able to
As the bartender returned, the woman pulled a credit card from her pocket and handed it over. “Jus’ keep ‘em comin, joe,” she told him, and the bartender silently exchanged her card for another glass. *Not like I’m gonna need that anymore anyways.*
heard of an angel feeling that kinda stuff. I mean, I’m not the most clued in on family business, but still,” he shrugged.
Cas stared after Dean for a long time after he'd passed through the room.
Crowley somehow pulled himself together, but before he could squeak out his agreement he was cut off by a… something.
“Had I only
him—!”
“Gladly.”
Sam shifted his weight and glared between Cas and Dean.
“Did— Did you just say ‘sorry’?" Sam frowned in concern. "What’s wrong?”
“What do you want?” he asked.
“If he was at the farm,” Dean asked cautiously, “are you telling me there’s a bunch of these Loch Ness Wanna-Be’s in the river?”
They all looked at each other and dropped what was in their hands to rush out and follow it.
he was—
he said, looking hopefully between Dean and Cas in particular.
have time for one of your bullshit dea—!”
The endearment tossed a few butterflies in Dean’s stomach. “Uh— You’re not goin’ to the motel, right? I got, uh… friends stayin’ there.”
“This sign says the shrubbery took over in only a matter of decades.” Cas’s brow furrowed in thought. “That seems an unnatural rate of distribution for a plant.”
“I’m..." Castiel faltered. "I’ve been your Guinea Pig?”
He picked up the duffel, still walking backwards, and gave her a small, jerk of a wave. She returned it, a smile playing at her lips.
“Not my... But doncha… Well aren't’cha lonely?”
Cas raised an eyebrow. "Compared to what?”
The others stared at him as he finished, something besides the usual gratitude in their gazes. Castiel stared back.
“Did you… Did you just say it or…?” Cas's throat bobs. “Was it real?” he all but whispers.
in the water before the incident?”
“Wha— Well I’ve gotten tattoos worse than that!” Ballo laughed, loud and booming. “An’ now the demons can’t find me?”
Cas sat bolt upright,
Sam answered Crowley. “We—”
“God, Cas…” Dean fell back a step as he ran a hand over his face. “No, god, Cas, no…” He ducked behind his hand, then lowered it to his mouth. “Sam and I don't— Where is this coming from? How long have you thought that?”
Cas glanced at her and back to Gabriel.
Dad lost
She held the bowl out at Sam and drew a dagger from goodness-knows-where in her dress.
“Sam.” Castiel stopped him with a hand on his shoulder. Sam turned to face him, but Castiel's cold glare was still trained upon the demon.
was there.
He brought himself back up, sitting straight up and slapping his hands on his thighs. “Alright. Fuck. Okay, I’m— I’m not— I might be—”
Rowena rolled her eyes and waved her hand over the book. The cover morphed from black leather to a boring beige with the title:
And after what Dean had done... well... he didn’t blame Sam one bit.
heart-eyes and that dumb little
Castiel narrowed his eyes at her, though his gaze flicked towards Direl.
” Sam gritted.
“Then what is it?” she forced herself to ask instead. “Darlin’, if it ain’t that then it’s somethin’.”
Why on Dad’s green Earth had Michael ever wanted this? Why had Raphael ever wanted this? It was so mind-numbingly...
He turned his back on the wall, curled up on his side, and begged to simply cease existing.
ignored it, too happy to pretend that everything was fine, too happy to continue your lives without the
Sam stared at the razor. “...What?”
over that! Why would you…?
“Heard you the first time,” said Dean.
“Is— Look, is Dean in Hell?”
Keep pushin' up,
“That thing where you don’t talk to anyone.”
Dean groaned. That’s all his headache needed, Ketch’s damned voice. He tossed a hand at the pot, “Yeah, I guess…”
Cas: Yes, they were displaying a lot of affection.
Castiel lifted his hand over the wound.
“No, you don—”
He let his knees give out beneath him and rolled backwards out of Cas's grasp.
“Um— look—
“I wasn’t aware of any of this,” said Castiel with a frown. “These original plans for the Apocalypse, I don’t remember any of it.”
By now the camp was scrambling. People were running in all directions to raise the defenses, rushing every which way, slipping in the snow—
with it, on and on about the ocean and successful rescue programs and shit, and
“Yeah,” Marco studied the room again, a new light in his eye, “Yeah... We could start all over again.”
Castiel pressed his blade harder into the angel’s chest, piercing their clothing and nicking the skin.
rifts. I have an entire
Sam sat straighter. Gabriel had said…
incoming threat that I’ve been trying to warn you all about for months, but, ah, yeah, we’re all about to be
dammit! Yeh took my
The confused, condescending look slowly fell off of Bris’s face.
“Hey!”
"Yeah, right. Out of all the shit you've told me,
“I’ll be right back,” he said as he placed a quick kiss to Bris’s forehead. “Haven’t seen Gabriel for a while, so I think I’m safe to leave your protective aura for a bit.”
Nobody saw Dean flinch.
“Guidelines! Directions! How-To's for basic things, you know? Like, Stay Loyal to
Bris stepped right up to him and wrapped her fists in his jacket. “I don’
I just get so turned around sometimes, you know— Yes, yeah— Thank you again—"
“You're drivin’ across this ungodly huge country for ‘no big—'?” Direl's gaze had flicked to Dean's chest. “Whoa.”
the one what needs to explain yerself!”
put this on your shoulders. If this goes on anyone it goes on me, okay?”
~*~*~*~*~
Screams and the sounds of the fight trailed down the dungeon hall to them.
Dean gritted his teeth. Fucking
“What?” Dean asks, concern striking his face.
But then he said:
know exactly why, so you can just butt out of it, alright?”
Another urge gripped him, and without parting, he shifted and moved an arm up her back and he stepped wide with his feet and he spun them, around and around and she
She turned and headed down the alley again. Maybe there was a nice park nearby, one with some nice big trees and—
“Oh listen here, you
“Would you like to talk about it?” Cas finally asked.
Dean just
“Boys…” Rowena started cautiously, her eyes still darting around the hallway, “Boys, come on now, I need to get you outta here before Fergus—”
“No, just…" Dean held up the phone still in his hand, "made a call.”
In Illinois. Where the largest wild animals are stray dogs, coyotes, and deer. And
"I promise," he insisted. He looked more intently at Dean, "Are you? Okay?”
knew that..."
“The witch…" he said. "She... She put a tracking spell on me. When I came yesterday, she followed us and—”
Where is it
Sam continued, “I mean, she was right when she said… that I’ve been…
Dean took quick stock of the merchandise. “My chest still stings but I’m sure that’ll be fine—”
Cas jerked him from that spiral of thought, suddenly taking Dean’s wrists and pinning them above his head. Dean’s eyes flew wide and his heart raced. This was so much— And this was so much better—
They looked up, and they saw their portal.
Dean was about to ask about the freakin’
Cas narrowed his eyes and looked to Dean’s chest as well, sending Dean's mind reeling in an effort to remember the exact scope of Cas’s angel mojo. He couldn’t see what selkies see, right? He would have mentioned that, right?
Move, hurry, move like you stole it,
“Gabriel,” Sam breathed.
That awful grin spread across Cas’s face again.
to those around you.”
*Fuck,* Bris breathed.
Sam lowered a hand to his lap and carefully held up his scalpel and tweezers. “Think I can start on those stitches now? I bet they itch like a motherfucker.”
But it wasn't fading for her. If anything it had gotten stronger over the last few weeks, echoing right alongside words ingrained into her since childhood: Selkies have a Purpose on this Earth, to help those what need ‘em. Trust in the Lord and the Fates, she’d been told, and you'll find where you're meant to be.
Tellin’
“Dean Winchester Ended when he fulfilled his Role,” Naomi said. “He is not here.”
Sam's tripping unease seemed to light Gabriel's spark again, setting his eyebrows to dancing above a mischievous grin. “Well now you
“What rule—” But Asmodeus was shoved to his knees by an invisible hand.
“Great,” Sam smiled.
"What?" Sam side-eyed him. “Why is that so funny?”
"I’ll be right back,” he said over the wind. “We’ll be right back, Bris.”
They arrived in Chicago later than expected, slowed by the rush-hour traffic and Dean’s insistence on keeping Baby a minimum of fifty feet away from
Sam shook his head, “Nope.”
“No, Dean,” Sam caught him by the arm again, “fucking stop for a minute!”
better Boston. The song soon picked up and that excellent, heavy riff got going and Dean found himself easily nodding along again. He tuned out a bit, returning to his train of thought.
Then the lake stirred once more, and from behind the raucous group of people much larger shapes followed them ashore.
“You never lost it,” says Cas.
“Alright, alright," Dean thumped him on the back and pushed him away. "Now get the hell out of here and go pack already.”
Dean looked like he wanted to say something else, but he reluctantly left, leaving Sam alone in the echoing bathroom.
“Fierce!” Bris and Direl exclaimed.
Then something clicked, and he froze, one hand still on the door frame.
“But it shoulda! Her heart was jus’ so…  I just couldn't find the right things to say. I tried so hard but she didn't— I would make her so happy, I know I would! An' I know she knowed I would, but she don’t want it! Sent me off! I’d make her forget all about that eejit what could let a woman like her go! What kinda fool—”
Sam followed her across the room. They headed right toward a handsome, dark-haired man, also white, average build, of about Dean and Cas's height.
The mixtape.
"I believe so," said Cas. “His neural pathways are already healing. I just need to recuperate and then I can—”
“No!” Sam responded automatically. “Well— Yes, but—” Sam let out a huff. “Look, these aren’t...
“Shut up,” Dean huffed as he pulled a myriad of shotguns and rifles from his second duffel. "You should be
putting you back together, just a little different each time, again and again. Letting you
Sam and Dean followed Bris down to the sharp bank. When they peered over the edge, they were greeted with a large red stain in the dirt and pieces of flesh floating in the water, slowly trailing off down the river.
“Dean!” Sam shouted again. He started toward him—
“Yeah?” Then Sam sat up, too. “Oh yeah!”
second?”
*Fuckin’ dick.*
, Castiel,
“The state park there, Caprock Canyon. That’s where you’re headed.”
“Demons don’t lie,” Castiel said. Flat. Hollow. “They give you the truth. They give it in twisted ways, or strikingly straight, but they don’t lie. Sam and Dean only say that when they don’t want to believe one.”
“Dean?”
a Deal, demon. Answer the question.”
Somewhere below them, something metallic clattered to the floor.
Sam’s frown deepened. He lowered his hands and turned, meeting her gaze for just a fraction of a moment as she raised her eyes from his chest.
the pieces together and it was all going to culminate into this
“Told'ja we ripped her to shreds,” Bris quipped.
He sits bolt upright, looking around frantically, “Cas?
“Thought you’d’a realized by now that this shite is more complicated than that,” Bris snapped.
“Of course, of
And it actually was. Well, up until one particularly fast one almost got Sam by the neck. But Bris was faster.
But Cas pulled back, “Dean, please, I need you to believe me. You’re drunk, you’re going to regret this in the morning—”
“Well then where is he?” Direl spread his palms.
“What…?" Castiel began. "No— No, he— But
His disgust and fury were palpable.
“Huh. Alright, that’s weird." Dean tossed his eyebrows. Then he looked back to Crowley, “Hey. Thanks again, man. Um, can you call me about Hell when you stop being busy?”
He tossed the unsalvageable burgers in the trash and set about scrubbing the pan in the sink, humming along to the music now playing again at his hip.
Though they soon wished they hadn't.
it matters!”
Sam grasped his bundle tighter, the gritty old bark slipping in his hands.
“Oh,” Sam said thickly.
Dean just held out his palm, silently asking,
One of them saw him and took aim.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Crayck?” Dean mocked.
"I see..." said Michael. "You
“I… maybe… okay.”
“The creed?”
upset! Sam—” she came up next to him now, leaning over the table to try to look him in the eye, “Sam, that
Bris and Cas turned to him, Cas having joined them in the library today to continue his research.
“Oh, honey," Mrs. Ike said, "these Agents are here to talk about— about Sean and Justin. They say the DNR might have been... involved in the accident.”
“I blessed the river,” Cas explained curtly.
Castiel flipped his blade and threw it, landing it square in the angel’s skull. It crackled and convulsed with its own silent scream, and also fell to the ground.
God, Sam's brother was a dick.
He found himself wishing this had been more of a build, less of a 'bam.' Dean wasn't much for surprises.
“That Bris,” she clarified, “Sam sure looks happy.”
*God dammit,* Sam bit out.
~*~*~*~
and she was finally glad to see him, and she was running to him, too, running right for him with that
They had just gotten the demon tucked away in the trunk and were inspecting the large gun that it had been wielding when a seal emerged on shore. With a notably smaller flourish than before, Bris once again stood before them.
“Michael…” breathed Gabriel.
icing? And were those…? Holy shit, the little flowers that Dean had assumed were real were made of icing, too. He reached up a hand, and just barely stopped himself from touching one.
is,* Dean mumbled.
Dean looked up at Cas. Up into those bright goddamned eyes that always seemed to be looking way too far into him.
“We're trapped by a witch and we don’t have time to wait out the spells on the—”
“Hey, I didn’t know!” Dean threw up his hands, “Crowley just showed up, gave me the info, and tried to give me another Demon Knife. Says he wants all the lackeys inside dead.”
“Yeah. Yeah, thanks, Jeff,” he said into the phone. “Keep an eye on them, call me if they move.”
The last demon was curled into a ball, clamping its hands over its head.
How didn’t I see this sooner? I thought— ” Dean took a shaky breath, “The hell
“If this is going to
times in the last month looking for shit on the Seal of Solomon. Seems like at least one of us would have noticed anything on the amulet.” Dean picked up the scrub brush and set to work. “Crowley’s just faster than checking again.”
“Come on! You can make out all you want at home!” Dean shouted out the window.
He took another step back from Dean, finally looking away, and mumbled something Dean didn't quite catch. Something about Dean ignoring what he didn't want to hear.
Back and forth...
“...Dean?”
yessir I'll drink to that all
“...Demon blood in my veins isn't a gift, Rowena.”
Shut up
Right next to him now, and it hadn’t been there before.
for a
Cas faltered at this, his mouth sitting open as he failed to answer her. Dean glanced over, noticed, and tagged in. “What my partner means," he said, "is that your case has been linked to other incidents in the area. We’re investigating what might be possible mismanagement in the Department of Natural Resources.”
Cas's lips parted and his eyes went wide. "She did?"
Or...
my soulmate?”
“What? No!” Sam shut him down. “We're not going to make it
Dean reached in for his toothbrush, intending to get to the bathroom first before Sam had a chance to—
“You know…” Bris said maybe halfway through, “this one's almost perfect, it is.”
in this brigade of
“Well this is a bust,” Dean grumbled as they returned to the center of the beach from their search.
Oh. Yeah, I guess so.
She spun back to him, that sharp rage overrunning her judgement, “Think I damn well—”
Cas sat up straighter. “Scared of…?”
Dean jumped in his seat. “Oh, uh—! Hey, Cas.”
Dean watched as Cas approached an informational sign placed at the trailhead. “Well, ah... I had him take lead on the interviews.”
“Go on, Dean, tell me that you’re gonna put innocent people behind your little crush," Gabriel snarled. "Tell me that it’s fine that millions will die because
They crashed together again, all hands and lips shallow breaths. As Cas relentlessly rutted into him, Dean worked at the buttons of Cas’s shirt. But Cas refused to release his hold on Dean, so the shirt hung, pushed just off his shoulders. Dean finally ran his hands over Cas’s chest, and
“Where—?”
“No idea what that is, don’t wanna know,” Dean put up a hand. He lowered it, “Well, maybe. Later. Right now, demon.”
off scott-free. It’s worked for
*More than anything...* he said.
with it and I
Dean ignored his question and held out his hand. Crowley tossed the phone over.
I don’t start them, I don’t stop them, they
“Because you’re the worst?” Dean slipped.
Rowena nodded. “Well then, I’m wonderously happy to be the bearer of
A snarl curled on Lucifer’s face, but he stopped, and took a deep breath to clear it, pressing hid folded hands against his nose. He slowly lowered them to point at Dean. “If you aren’t down in Texas by
let her—
” Castiel roared. He wheeled and launched another wild assault.
This wasn't something he could have. This wasn't something he even deserved...
Sam flinched. “I wasn’t—!”
She took a breath, and lifted a hand above her head, reaching up and back to slowly push at the handle to the boot with the tips of her fingers...
Sam, Dean, and Cas returned to the motel room, and told Direl what he needed to know.
Dean!” he shouted at his back.
“Hello, Rowena,” he sighed.
put him there on that precipice?” That smile impossibly sharpened. “Oh, Dean... it was
“That was you. And Sam.”
“I know, see? Stupid and sappy.”
Sam glared at him.
“I still can’t feel him,” he said, his voice as flat as before.
Dean didn’t see Cas narrow his eyes at him from behind.
“That bad, huh?”
Ketch pursed his lips.
“Hey! Look around you, Direl,” Dean ordered with a bark, pulling out his own phone. “Stop talking and look up. What do you see?”
Then his face softened with a smile that even Castiel could tell was just a little too wide.
*Jess?* he breathed.
“Yeah! Yeah, it’s me.” Sam’s smile widened. “I’m getting you out of here, okay? We’re getting you out.” He reached a hand out to Gabriel, who flinched when Sam’s hand met his arm. But Sam kept his movements slow and carefully brought him up to his feet. “Great, yeah, that’s great, Gabriel! Alright. Okay,” he looked Gabriel in the eye. Gabriel shied from it but Sam needed to hold his attention, “Now I’m sorry, but we have to move fast, okay? It’s gonna suck for a little bit, but I’m getting you out. I promise, Gabriel, I’m getting you out of here, okay?”
it to drop any more white bullshit on his Baby.
He shot upright and cuffed Sam, “‘Cept me, right!”
“But I
“I still got that summonin' spell set up out there.”
But Bris got right back to her feet and faced Castiel down. “I’m not goin’
*Shit…* Sam breathed.
like, but it doesn’t make any sense. Been around for all of Time and I have
His fist twitched.
So no, no I won’t.” He threw an arm up at the ceiling, “You think you’re gonna just waltz up into Heaven and they’re gonna be
here to get my husband! An'
She laughed again, high and positively sparkling, and laid her head on his shoulder, hugging him close.
“Twenty people died by those monsters!” said Castiel, stepping forward. Gabriel grabbed his shoulder to physically hold him back.
I am goin’ to—”
Apparently realizing she was about to take her leave, Direl jumped forward.
he breathed. They heard the church door open.
“Dammit, Sam,” Dean threw his bag on the bed, “go get the guns ready, or go buy more supplies, or something, I don't care what!”
“I didn’t—”
all these years, doin’ the best I could with what I had. Thought you of all people would understand that.” She tilted her head back, and looked down her nose at him. “Maybe I made the wrong choice when I decided to help you.”
Possible Trigger Warning: This chapter has some dialogue from the bad guy about 60% of the way through that could be triggering or just intense for those who have suffered assault. If you need to skip the end of this chapter feel free to comment/message me, perhaps I could summarize the important plot points, I usually respond within a day or two to comments/messages.
But Dean stopped. For all the bold determination of his entry, he stalled, seeming to slip a gear from his intended purpose.
This Michael wouldn’t stop when the Other Michael was defeated. He wouldn't stop if he took out Lucifer. No, this Michael would take everything and then some, as though they had never stopped the Other Michael at all.
Sam stopped short, freezing in place as his eyes jumped up to her.
“Calm down, we’ll put the tape in later,” Sam said. “Could we make a stop on the way to Rhode Island?”
“'Long as this Hail Mary worked then nothin’s wrong an' I'll be fine.” She bent down to kiss his forehead. “Now you hold on just a tick here,” she said, then straightened up and turned away from him.
“I know.”
“It’s obviously afancs," Dean huffed, "it’s just gonna take Sam hours to figure that out. No, you and I...” Dean clinked his glass against her bottle, “...are here for some field research.”
She came to me in robes of white,
“What
make any new brothers or sisters, but maybe he could work with the ones he had. So the next time he saw Anael, he suggested they start training the angels he had left to fight.
The next few chapters are super long, just fyi. I’ll either accept your thanks or field your wrath when you finish.
Castiel turned to Sam.
Sam tensed in his chair, as she knew he would. She’d said this to him twice now in as many days.
Her eyes flicked from him to Dean. “Ah, no. No, I were just…” she glanced around the kitchen, landing on the pot, “I were just seein’ if there were any coffee, an’ lookit there, seems there ain’t. So, ah, nevermind.” She backed away and hurried out of the kitchen.
"Sam..." she ducked her head, blinking her eyes.
Castiel also stood, moving forward before Bris could. He recognized that look on her face, he’d seen it an untold number times on both Sam and Dean over the years, and he knew immediately that Bris should
Dean—”
Sam stared out at the road. He had to.
Bris cooed at the sight of them. “Yeh’ve got so many beautiful wee ones!”
The screaming stopped.
“Understatement of the year,” said Castiel.
Ketch was literally twiddling his thumbs when Sam returned. “Oh, good. Have we reached a consensus?” he asked.
the man I wanted.”
“Uh-huh. Could there be parts that you… don’t know?” he tried again.
Dean circled back to Cas’s side as Cas stood again. They squared off and faced the witch.
Cas, I—” He pulled back to look him in the eye—
How had he not put all this together before...? How had Dean not said anything directly before...?
“Oh, sure I did,” Rowena says with a smug look. “Anyway, I better be off. Hell is in more chaos than usual and you know it’s goin’ to take a
“Yeah," the coroner sighed. "Another one just came in today. The Sheriff has decided these people are gettin’ run over by boats, but... Well
The others all looked to him.
And it was always on, always playing, muffled in the pocket of Castiel’s coat, but always playing some song or another. At first it had torn at Sam’s heart, with the gift he’d given Dean for his last birthday now always around, especially after the silence of the past two weeks, but it quickly became something he was glad to hear, a presence that gave him this strange feeling of... hope.
” Sam continued,
Chuck brought his arms back in front of himself, his smile turning warm once again. “That's alright, Castiel, take your time.”
“You didn’t—”
“Your presence would be a hindrance and could get all of us killed.”
"Oh— um—" started Sam, glancing around at them in return. In the slowly breaking sunlight, he could now see the dark circles forming under Direl and Bris’s eyes. He could see the way Gabriel sagged and how even Castiel slumped. Really, of all of them, only Crowley seemed fine to go on.
Cas questioned Dean with a look.
“Then that’s the way I’ll
hair a do?”
“You think it would be best fer
“You sure that’s a good idea, Cas?” Sam asked. “They’re not really your biggest fans right now.”
But Cas stepped around the corner before Crowley or anyone could stop him, lunging at the guards and out of their line of sight. They could hear the scuffle, heard the demons screaming, but then there was a great flash of light, and a shout, and then the hall went quiet.
He moved away from her toward the portal. She held onto his hand until the last possible moment, his fingers slipping through hers.
Our Dean stops, swaying in place, finally allowed a moment to catch his breath.
I *do* promise resolutions eventually, I promise and swear I will not string you along forever.
Gabriel reappeared in his chair, placing his arms behind his head and shutting his eyes, “Why would I want to be anything other than me?” he finished for Direl, “An excellent question, my fine, furry friend. I don’t.”
"Grand! Now come on, lad," Ballo said, "I can't wait to tell everyone else! God, this is fantastic!" He threw an arm around Cas, and led him out of the bar.
bit.”
Direl's return message said:
Castiel stood in his wake, staring at the door Dean had shut behind him, wondering where he had gone wrong.
He looked down at it, suddenly hating it. “No, I—” He grabbed his jacket and tried to close it over his chest.
me?” Crowley rounded on him.
The restored doors to the throne room were thrown open wide and another demon approached the throne, cocksure and beaming. It shoved the demon currently speaking aside and addressed Crowley directly.
“Would you stop
She stepped forward and took his hand, “I gots a feelin’ I'll always come back to you, ye lousy flah.”
“Hey, I know,” Sam’s face lit up and he looked out at the storeroom, “I found something a while ago. Here, I’ll go get it.” He bounced on the spot and strode away.
~*~*~*~
Dean kept his eyes down as the last beats of the drumset faded out. He fiddled with his bottle. It was too cold against his palm. He set it on the table again, harsh enough that some of it jumped up and spilled out the top.
Bris glared down at the body. “Fuckin’
They all have the same streets, the same lawns, the same trees, the same damned garden statues picked up from the same damned hardware stores.
She had caught sight of Direl, who was blatantly staring back at her, jaw agape.
“Hey-hey-hey, take it easy—”
Dean just stepped back and raised an eyebrow. "Oh. Wow. You are
Dean had that cocky smile plastered on his face, that gleam in his eye, he looked set to turn the charm right up to twelve—
did you just say?”
“I’ll go call Crowley.”
“I ain’t forgotten
Sam chuffed. “I’m sorry. Yeah. It’ll probably stick someday.”
Once dinner was out and everyone was squeezed around the table, conversation picked up as one would expect. They started with the usual:
Because perhaps Dean didn’t read poetry...
has gotten into you?”
“Dean,” Cas cut him off, “don’t stay to fight Crowley’s demons.”
It was a cassette. A black cassette.
“Ohh, Angel, I'd listen to him!” the demon taunted. “One more move from you and I’m out of here!”
He got no answer.
“What?” Dean demanded.
“No-no, yes, here!” Sam pushed some of the papers across the table.
Cas grimaced and pushed through another shrub. “Sorry,” he answered, not trusting himself with more than that.
Her whirlwind finally wound down and she leaned back from Inas, smiling through her sniffles. “Thank you, Inas.”
“Nothing that’s ever looked inside me— nothing has ever given me a—
The first time he’d allowed himself to say it out loud.
Cas huffed a small laugh, and even though this wasn't real, it still lifted Dean's heart.
“Sam…”
“What about us?” he asks.
“Sam!”
“Right. Sure.
Not a thousand miles away, not in any kind of trouble. She was here, with him,
more like running
“What?”
“Here,” Cas took the bottle and glass from him.
He dropped his arm and gestured at the door, “Would you go with them, buddy?” he said to Cas, “I don’t want them going off on their own just ‘cause they’re pissy.”
He saw Dean’s abandoned plate.
~*~*~*~*~
“I didn’t but…” Sebhin smiled again. “Athrú. Their name’s Athrú.”
And when she smiled at me, it just sent my
He emerged from the hallway into the library and spun around, searching. Shit, for a guy with no juice left Cas sure was moving—
“Look, just humor me, Dean, I-I think we can get more information with honey than vinegar, here."
"I'll, ah, I'll see you in a bit," Sam smiled, and he hurried to the passenger door with a little hop and a wave.
But she shook her head again, and tears welled in her eyes. “I won't offer you my coat—”
Sam and Bris opened their eyes and shared a look. “Congrats on what?” Sam asked.
you I was feeling!” Lucifer smiled warmly, spreading his hands wide. “Ah— Yeah— I just didn’t recognize you, see you’re so...
Oh god, was someone gonna
Dean made it halfway up the stairs to the door when a hand grabbed his arm. He spun back around and snapped,
“Yes, sorry there, but,” Ketch raised an apologetic finger, his head poking around the corner, “but, ah, your boy’s awake.”
The selkies that were flanking her, about half of them, threw their blades again. The witch stopped them all this time and allowed the blades to fall to the ground.
“He held my voice. He held my hands. He— He tricked him. Dean thought—” He sniffed. “Dean
“Fuckin' maggot!” Direl shouted as he jumped up and stabbed another one that was sneaking up on Cas.
Never did follow the script, did you?”
kicking a huffed, faltering smile out of Dean as well.
shit like that.
that feels good!” the witch shouted, still grinning wide. “All-
Dean reeled and opened his mouth—
*Americans an' yer cars,* Direl mumbled.
Hell.”
He stepped for ward and took her hand, bending down to kiss it.
But Crowley didn’t let go.
Cas looked away from her as memories played in his mind, Ishim’s harsh words as he perched over Lily Sunder ringing out over the others.
“Whoa there, hold your horses, we don't even know if she swings your way yet. And, really, you don’t have to talk to anyone today if you don’t want to. We could just window shop. Or— you know—” he waggled his eyebrows, “you could always be
“I would, Sam, but… I think you’re right. I know he would want to help… but he would only worry.”
He voice came strained through a clenched jaw. “
She turned to him, surprise on her face.
Cas snapped his eyes open. “I wasn’t finished.”
and anytime he dared to object you shut him right the fuck up with
“What? What does that have to do—”
“Figurative fire.”
woke me up!
“Has a King ever… retired?”
“And then I… I had to do
had now found his nipple. Dean jerked from it but Cas held him steady in his arms.
“Dean!” he shouted as he neared their exit.
I've been the last one standin',
of a headache, Dean decided: fuck it, it was just a fucking present.
he chided, “if you didn’t want something like this to happen you shouldn’t have been waiting on a Winchester in the first place.”
Sam furrowed his brow. “I thought you didn’t know what we said about you behind your back?”
But this was how it had to go. This was how it had to be. This was the only way they were going to stop the—
“‘Course he did,” Dean says with a proud smirk. But it fades. “And that... doesn’t bother you?”
Dean tried to shove Cas away, but with a tearing sound he only pushed himself back, stumbling away while Cas didn't even budge.
“Are you the one who’s been putting goddamn gibberish on everything?”
With a snap of Gabe’s fingers, Castiel was rooted to the spot. Gabriel casually strolled a few feet away and continued to read.
Still clutching their stomach, Inas swerved, rushing around the witch and taking off to the east, heading for the river and away from their camp to the south.
Bris shook her head at the door as it closed behind him. “Lord above, do he always be like this?”
Castiel looked up at Sam.
Dean shrugged. That was a little better.
It built. It built and it
Bris bared her teeth. Her fists clenched, but Sam placed a gentle hand around her waist.
that he wasn’t family, and whatever else happens, you fucking owe it to
and what do I get? A crap little
When no one started firing rounds or running at them, they supposed their arrival hadn't been noticed and took the time to check their surroundings. Where the satellite maps showed nothing but empty fields, and from the road one saw nothing but a gentle descent to the river, there was now a bona-fide forest— or at least what passed for one in southern Wisconsin. All around them densely-packed trees were clogged with underbrush, shrubs that Cas happened to recognize as Honeysuckles from the informational sign he had read some days ago.
cute. Come on, look at how they stare at each other.”
Direl was shaking uncontrollably, just barely keeping a grip on his angel blade.
somethin’ ‘bout that bullshit holdin’ ya back.”
she corrected him, and stepped into his offered embrace.
But before Eileen could gather herself to say anything else, Bris pulled Sam along and led them out of the room, effectively giving Sam the final word on the matter and leaving nothing behind but her own wonderfully satisfied smirk.
"What?" “No, your highness!” “He was a pretender—” “Long live King Crowley!”
“Pick out a tape, Cas,” Dean clipped, almost automatically.
“There ye go, love, let it out, let it out. Ye been holdin’ that in for far too long, standin’ too stiff to this. You remember what I always says about the trees, right?”
Sam's shoulders tensed and he shut his eyes. “A way to stop Michael,” he gritted.
Sam falters. “You’re not… taking charge of this?”
Sam thought he knew what the problem might be, but it wasn't confirmed to him until after the sixth day after their trip into Hell— the day that Dean came home.
he shook his head,
Direl was over a hundred and seventy years old, but he had never seen anything like this. Before him now was the closest he was ever going to get to the raw power of God Himself, currently radiating from a true Divine Being at such an intensity that it threatened to burn his eyes right from their sockets. By all logical reasoning, Direl should have been rendered catatonic at the sight, should have fallen to his knees and begged the Lord for mercy on his immortal soul. But Direl didn’t see it that way. He didn’t see the very celestial intent of God threatening to consume them all. No. What Direl saw before him was three hearts. Three rent, shredded, and mangled hearts that had been so bright— if not a mite pained— just a short time ago. Three hearts now torn asunder by the insane plotting of what Direl considered a madman, a scourge on basic human decency.
“I don't know. He just said: ‘They’re here’.”
The silence sat. Stunned. Then, “...Sam?”
Also @crack--attack on Tumblr
“Yeah,” Sam sighed, back to smiling now. “Yeah, I do.”
Sam,” she moved her hand to cup his jaw and raised his face to meet hers again, “those are just the stories that get passed down. No one tells the tale a' their sappy ol' nan and pa who fell head over heels and lived happily ever after.”
Cas stopped, whirling around to see where she’d gone. Dean barreled on, writing her off as a lost cause. “Come on, Cas!”
With that look it hit him that Cas had never thought Dean would know exactly what was written on his ribs.
Dean recoiled and shrank.
Damn it.
“Yeah, okay, this isn't gonna help.” Sam picked up the book again.
“You’re being ridiculous!”
“What the hell is that thing?” Jody asked once they were sure Dean and Cas were okay.
“No, Mother will be the last one through,” Crowley brushed off his concern, “just give it a moment.”
Dean jumped a foot in the air, spilling scalding coffee everywhere and swearing vehemently.
“Americans and your loud nonsense.”
fuckin’ necklace to kick it off, so I say first on the to-do list is we gotta get that thing off you.”
Rowena didn't waver. “And…?” she asked again, just barely audible now.
“Why,
Almost.
The song on the radio became suddenly clear, the instruments dropping down and the lyrics pealing out:
A building noise from above interrupted her, and she looked up towards it. Something akin to those roaring jet planes was building high above them, but there wasn't a thing in the sky. Wasn’t a thing— except that growing swirl of blue light, now.
But Bris was ready to launch into it, “Lord above, ye see I were—”
Sam raised a hand to his face, as if he could physically hold back yet another sigh. “I had to get you out of there, man,” he said plainly. “There was nothing we could do from there and Michael was going to come after you.”
“Okay.”
that’s my
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean breathed, rubbing where the demon had elbowed him in the ribs. "Can you just take him to the dungeon?”
Because none of them,
“Then do it,” he decided. “Just do it, Cas.”
Sam and Dean rushed to the shoreline as Cas got to his feet again, now standing knees-deep in the water, absolutely soaked with muck, blood, and leech-goo.
bastard.”
She sat on one of the beds as they opened their eyes.
now?” She took a step back.
Bris had searched high and low in the bunker for him, but eventually she’d had to concede defeat, so she and Sam had set up in their reading corner to wait for him to come out or return from wherever he might be.
stow it,” Direl spat, turning away from him with a palm raised. “God, I can't— M’ so damn crossed wit’you I can't even look atcha righ' now.”
Maybe too big. “I've met God. Sorry, just— Remember when the sun almost died? I was there for that. God's sister had a tantrum.”
“It’s— nevermind.” He turned his attention back to Ketch. “Look, you've got to give us something more concrete than that. Something that shows us you're not here to trick us.”
His eyes widened. “...
“Tah— um… shit.” His arms drooped.
Two names and two names only were cried out into the shadows, the names of the occupants inside.
the rising power that sat behind his eyes.
"It's not really fire-and-brimstone-y though," Sam continued, looking back down at his laptop, "more… dungeon-y. But yeah, Heaven and Hell, Angels and Demons, the whole nine yards, it’s all real.”
He’d finally be good for something.
It’s missing
” Crowley spread his arms.
or goddess depending on their mood— is concerned with things like honor and valor!
Absently rubbing his arm, he headed back to the storeroom, Bris’s words heavy on his mind as he took another stab at those cloaks.
"Um..."
(Pain)
“That’s not what I—!”
Sam tried for a smile. “I've got to be honest, that conversation wasn’t all that clear.”
The radio was loud enough to mask his voice, so he leaned over and said quietly to her, “I can’t wait to show Jack.”
Castiel began shaking his head, still staring at his hands. “I’m… I...” He looked up at Chuck, still shaking his head. “You’ve… You’ve
so... well... sorry ye have to keep findin’ it, there.”
“Oh, fuck.”
Dean raised an eyebrow, “Campaign?”
Dean frowned. “Oh.”
"Why are
"...only to take him away.”
Dean had looked over at Cas and stopped mid-word. Staring.
"Okay, Dean."
“With what?” Dean snapped. “A handful of hunters and two half-baked angels?”
Rasul pulled his shoulders back, straightening himself up as he looked back to Sam. “Well, to be perfectly frank,” he said, “we don’t know. Dean Winchester has not passed by the Reapers, though we have felt him most urgently.”
“Cas, please!”
With a quick glance between Dean and Cas, a wall of solidarity appeared between them and the back seat.
“I mean— I just—” he bumbled under her disapproving gaze. “Kinda just thought that was your thing… a selkie thing... you know, helping people.”
of that farm! Gave the boys the location—
Here Cas was. Still needing a song.
“Better. I don’t wanna throw up anymore,” she leaned against him, “and everything isn’t crashing down around me.”
While Sam and Dean were focused on each other, they didn’t see the corner of Cas’s mouth tick up.
“Sam,” she tried again, “please, tell me what else’s wrong.”
“Oh.” He relaxed. A little. “Yeah, sure, shoot.”
Direl went quiet again.
to be here?” Dean asked.
Cas could only sigh after her. He returned to the stove, hoping to clean up the burnt burgers before it could upset Dean further. He weighed whether he should use his meager grace to simply disappear the mess or—
Sam watched her with trepidation. “Rowena,” he said.
for ang—“
“What, in school? They make children do that?” Bris said, looking at her own.
“We all died stupid deaths, Balthazar, you’re not special!”
An update!! An actual update!! Ah!!!
“No, no. The Fae have no claim over Dean.”
He should call him.
“But you came back! You came back, and Dean wanted to hop on a weak case, wanted to take us all to Dodge City to indulge his crazy cowboy obsession, and he got the biggest suite and he ordered us that whole steak dinner and just
“—or would he want to come home?”
sound, so he turned the radio back on, but he could only get one station.
So he didn’t.
That day he'd found himself in his un-name-able, no-TV room, his laptop open, playing movie after movie after movie for hours on end... He slogged through file after file, watching favorite after favorite in the way he sometimes did on off days between hunts, but at the end of it all, he found that he wasn’t even sure what all he’d watched. So again, he just… stopped. There was a tiny part of him that was relieved to be free of the burden. There was a larger part that blanketed him in guilt over it.
They nodded. “An’ you might not fer a while. This might be somethin’ that hurts between ye fer a long time. Maybe forever. Forgiveness ain't somethin’ that comes easy, much as the Lord would wish it to flow freely from us. But you should remember it’s somethin’ meant fer you more’n it is fer those who hurt you. Forgiveness is about yer own healin’.”
Then without further warning Dean’s pants were around his hips and Steve’s hand was down his boxers and holy
“It wasn’t supposed to be like this. There was a plan, but he just wouldn’t stick to it.”
“Which one are you from?”
“Direl? Is… is Bris there with you?”
for daring to go against you! The Angels
“Well I didn’t, alright? I didn’t then and I’m still not now! I don’t want this! I don’t want any of—
“She’s in her suites, of course,” Crowley calmly explained. “Only fitting for the Queen Mother.”
Then without a second more hesitation, he walks up to it and steps through.
She leaned forward in her seat. “This here grub is amazin’,” she said up the table to Jody, gesturing at her meal. “Could I get yer recipe?”
“Cas!” Sam smiled, “Cas, we—!”
Sure, he could infer that he was in a bar
my little culchie," Crowley said, his silky lowered voice now taking on an edge, "you’re going to have to do better. I don’t
Sam didn't even know who this selkie
Something flashed behind Dean’s eyes before the glower set back in, and Sam patted himself on the back.
Bris looked more surprised than Dean thought that question warranted. She looked at him warmly as she answered, “Considerin’ last night, I’d say he’s doin’ good.”
“For me...?” Dean shook his head and returned to his duffel. “What?”
“Oh. Great,” Sam huffed, absently rubbing his stomach. “Man, I think I might have gotten some bad sushi, too," he said. "Guess we should have stopped somewhere nicer.”
No, what surprised Dean was the way Cas reacted to it.
“Listen to me. Listen,” past-Dean continues, “I know there’s a lot of bad water under the bridge, but we were family once. I’d have died for you. I almost did a few times. So if that means anything to you… Please, I’ve lost Lisa, I’ve lost Ben, and now I’ve lost Sam. Don’t make me lose you too. You don’t need this kind of juice anymore, Cas. Get rid of it before it kills us all.”
“Crowley, we are not going to be your distraction!”
Dean shouted. He tried to take a step towards him.
= Some of you may have heard this one before, this is "May the devil make a ladder of your backbone while picking apples in the Garden of Hell."
to do this the easy way— but I guess we’re gonna have to do this the
Dean burst out the front door into the cool night air, his chest swelling with a warm, unbridled happiness. He turned around and found his vision filled with Cas.
Rowena set the bowl on the table and gently took Bris’s wrist. But with that and the sight of the dagger approaching, Sam saw the panic jump and she wrenched her arm back.
” Castiel raised a hand, and Crowley felt himself being tugged to him.
about what’s going on around here.”
With no answer still, he opens the door, careful to go slow (and not see anything that might scar him for life).
“Shit,” spat Sam.
“Dean!”
His heart reached out to her. Not far, and not visibly, but she felt it—
“Uh-huh.”
As much as Dean needed to watch where he steered the boat in the dark, he still kept a careful eye on Cas up at the bow of the ship as they crossed the lake. At first, Cas was curled in on himself, clinging to the rim of the boat, flinching with every bounce and jolt of the hull on the waves. But as they picked up speed, he seemed to relax; he sat up a little straighter, looked around a little more. The wind whipped at his hair, mussing it up in such a way that reminded Dean of how he used to wear it years ago, wild and unchecked. And Dean couldn’t quite see his face, but he was pretty sure he could see a smile spreading— a real one, wide and gummy.
"Thanks," Dean says shortly, grateful but still shuffling.
She dropped her head in her hands.
Cas looked back to Dean from the flower. “Right.”
“I think we're German,” Sam placated.
“Yeah, I’m not doin’ that.”
“I love our home, man.”
“It’s over,” Ophelia said.
on the faint giggle he heard behind him, he pulled the Enochian handcuffs from the bag, hefted it on his shoulder, and followed Cas and Dean.
I feel?” Rowena leered. She glided toward Sam, heels clicking on the cracked wooden floor. “Someone found themselves a nifty little curse, there?”
Castiel frowned. “Well— Yes,” he said.
He… He didn’t need to pack for this.
“This is different and even you know that,” said Crowley.
like this— in a long—”
you for help... How many times did your coat find him? How many times did you simply go off to hide it again? You
“What? You was only gone fer a minute!”
He walked. He puzzled. He lamented.
“Don’t got the money for that,” Ballo said.
I’d prob’ly die of a split side!”
“Yeah,” she smiled at him, “Yeah, a’course.”
He set his drink down and started on the pan again, another smile pulling at his lips.
“Didn’t say anything,” echoed Sam as he made his way back to the library table.
useless,” Dean plows on, “you are amazing, damn it. You’re— I mean you're
“If you do have to leave,” he said, looking down at the floor between them, “you… you shouldn’t go down there alone.”
Dean rolled his eyes and shoved her again, “Come on, I promise the stuff we got is way better than secret whiskey.”
“Seriously, did you tell him about fun facts while I was gone or something?” Dean looked accusingly at Sam.
He rolled his eyes, throwing a hand at Dean’s chest. “I can
“Yeah, Sam, we were there, too.”
Sam chuffed.
to steal 'em right out from their lives—”
Dean swallows around the catch in his throat, tears are streaming down his face. “You gotta hear me. You gotta hear me when I tell you how
“That’s a problem?” Sam blurted.
It was truly overwhelming, so warm and complete and without reservation. It enveloped Sam, and it permeated him until he felt nothing else, until he could scarcely remember there ever being anything but this Pride, and Love, and Adoration inside of him.
It was dark inside, and the place smelled like no one had really been down here in years. Maybe decades.
The group stared at him.
“Yeah, I know,” Sam said with a little smile. “Come on, what’s up, Dean?”
“Yes! What is so hard about this?”
Alone once more.
“Well, lookit that,” Bris remarked.
“If she should have known then I should have, too,” Sam jumped in. “You came to me, too, Cas, and... and I didn’t think anything was wrong either.”
his look said.
~*~*~*~*~
When Bris got around to opening up her drink, she hummed in pleasant surprise. “There’s somethin’ on the cap, there,” she said, and held it close to read it.
“Now, Dean, don’t pout,” Michael said. “You
It was probably just someone's jacket, but Dean hadn't gotten this far in the hunting game by leaving weird shit alone. It was at least worth a look.
“Fuckin'
"Of course not, neither of you did."
“No! I’m not a— Well, I guess I am. But I’m not a—” Sam clamped his own jaw shut, forcing himself to slow down. “Look. I swear I know you. I mean, I knew you. Another version of you. See I’m— we’re—” He let out a sigh. “We’re from another dimension.”
No response.
Sam rolled his eyes. "I've got things to do, Dean. Like figure out how we're going to—"
“You Told us to Fight for them, to Defend them and Honor them, to give all that we had for them—! Why should we only know what it is to tear, and shatter, and burn for You? Why should we only know what it is to Watch, and Know, and Wait for You? Why shouldn’t we know the embrace of their friendship, or the taste of their food, or the outpouring of their music? Why should we only know Joy but not happiness? Why should we only know Song but not singing? Why should we only know Harmony but not belonging, Care but not caring, Love but not—!”
I wanna feel the heat, your tires grip that street,
So they went. And it was nice. A good old woman-in-white, made all the easier to draw out when she mistook Direl for her spurring lover.
“Back in that shriveled old bunker, when Boudica went berzerker...
It was Direl. Of course. He probably wanted to talk about how the passports were coming. Finally, Sam could give him some good news.
Dean refused to say anything until Crowley explained himself.
Cas squinted in confusion. He shook his head a little, “I don’t have a chain.”
. I listened to what
I only ordered you captured—”
Dean just hardened his glare. “Spill.”
“So… Dean yesterday, huh?” he said, his eyes illuminating for a moment as he turned his page fingerlessly.
“Damn right.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” she answered.
As the others had spoken, Bris had just stood, silent, her blade-arm hanging limp at her side. She stood stock-still, and stared at the goddess before her with wide, worried eyes.
~*~*~*~
“Oh— good. You’re both here,” Cas said, stopping at the island.
Direl frowned. He turned to Cas, and his eyes popped wide again.
His mouth floundered until he could stammer something about not knowing what she was talking about.
He sighed. “Well, here goes nothing.”
Then it was slowing.
would prove worth her continued efforts in the end, what with the way he was pussyfootin’ about it. Men. Honestly.
A blade flew through the air and landed in its ribcage.
*Wouldn't be much of a song if he did,* Dean grumbled. He took another sip and sank lower in his chair. “And, you know... maybe… maybe he just... didn't have the words to say it any other way.”
you gotta do is... is send them back.”
The lone bar in town was a good ways off from the bunker, but if Dean was gonna drink as much as he wanted to right now then he was gonna walk. He absolutely would not leave Baby in that tiny, godforsaken, municipal parking lot overnight.
“What?" Sam jerked back. "And you didn’t think you could tell me until now?”
chosen him over you!”
Eileen sat across the map table from them, holding a beer someone had given her.
“We’re going to get him back,” Sam said.
Crowley raised his chin in appraisal. “You’re a selkie,” he surmised. “Fascinating... I assume you’re with culchie, then?” He pointed between Bris and Direl.
This is the last one, and I highly recommend you take this time to stock up on puppies and chocolate.
“Well, it… it means...” she stumbled, flustered again, “it means, ah... ‘my heart is within you’.”
Cas set a beer down in front of him.
how long had it been since he heard her just laugh?
~*~*~*~
“No matter! Ha!” He’d known it, that was the important thing.
Dean had been worried. Scared. Irrational and yet completely rational.
As he worked, the song continued from the counter:
“He’s got a head start! We have to catch up to—!”
it, I—!”
9/3/18 The end is in sight. Big edits are happening and I'm looking at something like 3 or 4 more chapters to write. I wish so very much that I could post chapter by chapter for you all, but I still find myself editing even back at Chapter 1, so thank you so much for being patient because this way you're gonna get the best version of this story I can write.
“I am
Someone grabbed Sam’s arm.
Sam stood from his chair and closed the few steps to his brother, pulling him up into a hug.
For Cas to look closer and see…
*No,* she strained around his hand.
Cas pointedly glanced at the speaker. “We're listening right now.”
Sam flinched as if she'd slapped him.
That made Sam wince. “Neglecting what?” he asked carefully.
*What?* Direl whispered again.
a Mokele-Mbembe, kept only a cage down from us,” Bris said.
and—”
(Pain)
Bris glanced down at the necklace, and the look it put in her eyes made Sam want to just rip it off and tear it to shreds with his bare hands.
is still open! I’ll even back outta this flight if’n ye need me to stay for it, or whoop yer arse into doin’ it.”
“Shit, what are—?” started Sam.
Crowley rolled his eyes high and blinked back into the fight.
Dean looked back at Cas— right at those pretty fuckin’ eyes— and right then he probably would have followed Cas back into Hell if he'd asked.
...Something opened. ...Just a crack.
— Voices creeping in between his swirling mind—
= "Thank god!" Literally "Thanks be to God" (Bwee-oh-KHas leh Djee-ah)
-tle more practice reading those hearts,” Gabriel teased.
“My child," said Fate, "My beautiful daughter, I am so sorry.”
The walls around them rang with a tremor. Sam, Direl, and Gabriel glanced around nervously.
wasn’t looking forward to the other two, so he sucked it up, pulled up the contact, and dialed.
Dean sighed and pulled his phone out to skip the song.
with this, for a long time.”
And those same unfamiliar footsteps reached Sam’s ears again.
is hurt him…” His hands fisted at his sides. “He doesn’t need any more of my bullshit, he gets enough as it is.”
“Can we... Can we do what we did for Sam?” Bris asked.
“Yeah.” Dean landed a hand on his hip. “Look, Claire, this isn't— This isn't as simple as that alright? I know you're just trying to help but… Fuck, I hate to say this to you, but you're just a kid and this isn't that easy. Cas is an angel—”
“And that’s where Asmodeus is keeping Gabriel?”
He knew he could do more, knew there were other things he hadn't tried, things he hadn't said. But Sam wasn’t about to push for anything. Not ever, but especially not with all she had been through. So he gave her the distance she seemed to want.
It was Dean who broke first. “So what did that Inas… person… tell you?” he asked.
Sam held up a hand at him.
“Shit!”
He had left.
Sam, Dean, and Bris raised their hands the air. Cas followed the gesture. “Whoa-whoa-whoa," Sam said, "it's okay, we’re with the Men of Letters—”
Fuck…
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut. “I failed you.”
Nobody cared.
clues,” Dean complained, rubbing at his temples.
he mocked.
“No,” Sam answered.
Bris sighed as she watched him go. "
single?”
“Nope,” Dean turned and pointed at Sam, “you’re in official recovery mode now. Besides, you never do the dishes right, anyway.”
me, Winchester!” she shot at him. “I owe you less than
Rowena turned to Dean, finding his gun drawn at her. Sam mouthed his answer under his breath while she wasn’t looking. He started backing away, trying to leave the barn.
“Fuck thay,” Dean said as he popped the lid off his drink. “I’m the one who makes the beer runs, and I say you get as much as you want.”
“My razor…” Sam looked up into the mirror, checking his eyes, excitement bubbling despite himself— but there was nothing there. “Hey, do you think the bunker could be haunted?”
about how otters were a
Oh fuck you
Soon his rasping shouts had tapered off into rougher cries, then baying wails of raw resentment. As his breaths became choked and stuttered, they faded further into whimpers, no more than clawing attempts at further expelling the sheer
if he had to—
Dean heard Cas’s grunt and turned just in time to see him jump back up. His heart raced, he took a step toward them—
more than another round to explain this,” he said.
Ballo! Ballo, come look at this!”
Sam looked up from his drawer to find Eileen in the doorway.
don’t like it.”
with you, you moron. Frustrating you all until you split the party, give up, and go home. And as evidenced by your little tantrum, he’s
Castiel raised a hand to his hair and looked down at his tie.
Dean rounded on Sam. “You want to get an Irishwoman drunk?”
Dean fought the burn behind his eyes, but between the panic and the relief and the heat and his exhaustion, a few stray tears made it through. He wiped them off, hopefully before Sam could see, and turned to follow the rest of the group.
“Are you serious, Dean?” Sam said, “We have to find—”
Sam raised his eyebrows at the disturbing amount of bodies littering the floor. “You did all this?”
“Good luck,” says Gabriel. And the camera cuts.
Not exactly smiling, he started, “Hey, um—”
Michael, yes. You can always come home.”
I knowed you’d be alright!”
I do, boy! I’d do anythin’ for you, I’m your mother!”
fer a week.”
“You mangy
Cas smiled for the first time since she sat down.
Dean looked up at Sam. Then over at the barred door. “Got a lockpick?”
Bris!” Castiel roared at her. She flinched back from him. “They were in
The clerk just shrugged, “Meh.” He turned to his computer to start get them started. “Okay… just the one room?”
They all sprinted south, allowing the witch to follow them. Spells were hitting trees all around them, wood chips as sharp as their blades flying through the air.
Maybe it wasn’t worth it.
, he decided.
Sheriff Campos sighed. “Evening, boys.” She frowned at Direl. “New partner?”
“So, asylum?” Ketch tried.
that.
Bris’s eyes flashed wide.
He poured Sam a cup from the pot, slid it across the island at him— spilling more than he delivered— and stormed out of the kitchen, back to his room to start packing.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief, pushing those visions away.
Dean turned to him, mouth open to speak, when a noise from the water caught his attention. A seal emerged from the lake, and with a flourish, Bris removed her coat and stood before them.
*Damn it!* Dean whined.
After Sam entered the motel room, Cas pushed himself off the Impala and crossed the parking lot, toward the road, heading back for the large store they had passed on the way into town.
“Then why did he come along?” Direl asked.
It was Dean’s turn to pause, fidgeting as he stalled, trying to decide how to respond. Unable to come up with something to say, he simply chose not to, and instead pushed off the doorframe, crossing the room over to Cas’s bed, and coming to sit on the edge of the mattress by Cas’s knees.
Cas swelled with indignance, and Dean could
Castiel only shook his head harder. “No. No, it doesn’t make
once more. “And I can’t find a way to get him back.”
“I played an integral part in their liberation, it’s only expected that they would be grateful.”
Jo considered him, the grimace not well hidden on her face. She and Cassie exchanged another silent look, a quick communication.
With minimal effort, Cas pushed Dean back from the death-grip he had around his chest. He searched Dean's face.
Dean shifted again, suddenly shoving one hand in his pocket and jabbing at Sam with the other, "Alright, now you keep your phone nearby, okay? Me 'n Cas'll be here all night, we're not goin' anywhere."
Dean thought he saw the hint of a smirk starting on Cas’s face as he turned to the back of the room. He strode to the altar and raised his blade above his head. A little higher than strictly necessary, Dean thought with a grin.
how it ends. And I know y'all are gonna love it! But!! It's proving insanely difficult to get the damn thing
what ye mus’ be feelin’ here. An’ I
“So you guys are looking for someone,” said Jo. “And you think they’re at the settlement down south?”
His goddamned earworm.
him already—
“Great, it’s gonna be nothin' but spinach omelettes and Guinness for two weeks,” he grumbled as he took one of the last beers out of the fridge. Then he snorted. “And who even knows what Cas is gonna try to get.”
~*~*~*~*~
So he's a gobshite
Suddenly everyone was crowding for a look into Sam’s chest. Sam tried to placate them, but a heat was creeping up his neck nonetheless. As the selkies fawned over him, Sam and Bris found themselves smothered in enthusiastic hugs, and Cas found himself blissfully ignored for a time.
"Yep."
“Why do we need bolt cutters?” Cas asked as he returned with the holy water he had left for.
“I mean they’re friends,” answered Sam. His arms were getting tired but he didn’t dare make a move.
ix-nay on the ude-ray!* Gabriel elbowed him.
Dean reached down and cranked up the volume. “What’s that, Direl? Can’t hear you over the music, man!” Dean shot a cocky grin at Cas, who might have been smirking.
don’t do anything.” Chuck waved his hands emphatically. “That is
She wrapped her arms around herself, falling back another step. “Well then... then why do it feel that way?”
Sam,” Dean growled.
“Bi people, Dean,” Sam had to answer. Fuck you, necklace.
but there was nothing in here for him to hide behind.
Ballo ordered.
“He isn’t even here," Crowley continued, "but he’s still got the reins in my head. I don’t even know what I’m holding onto at this point, I don’t even know what I’m doing. All I know for sure— all I can figure from all of this— is that I just want it to be done.”
“Please, everyone likes a good Metropolitain.”
with no one but Direl on their side!”
Even with the streetlights, it was too dark for Dean to see the way Cas’s lips twitched in the corners.
Dean scoffed. “Yeah, hard pass.”
Cas managed to squint even further. “That wasn’t a yes or no question.”
He tried doing what he'd done before, pretending to look for cases, but that didn't work at all. It was just so... tiring. And it was pointless. So he just kinda... stopped. He wasn’t sure when, exactly, but after a few days of slowly doing more and more staring and less and less reading, there came a day when he found that he had just... given up the endeavor entirely.
Sam jumped in, “Hate to break this to you, but Crowley's dead."
He had said so many things. But Cas hadn’t recognized them for what they were.
you don't just
Dean bellowed. Cas stepped up next to him, placing a consoling hand on his shoulder. “Goddamnit—
A man at the back of the bar caught his eye. Tall, dark haired, just enough scruff, an easy smile on his face and a confident set in his shoulders—
I'm so sorry, Sam, you and consciousness just do not have a healthy relationship. At least it wasn't another freaking blow to the head, it's just... magically-induced excruciating pain. Yes, because that's better... I'm so sorry.
, you done thrown me for a loop... You threes came down to that river with yer hearts all
Ketch skidded to a halt in the doorway from the library, “We’re under attack!” he shouted, gun drawn and aiming wildly.
Castiel stared at her, hadn’t looked away since the moment she’d appeared, his eyes flown wide and his neck pulled taught.
and they TALK
“They were gone, Dean.”
“Sure, fine, Birthday Boy,” Sam said with a raised eyebrow. He went to the phone they were using and skipped the song.
this sweetest damnation—!
to think about it, he’d already tried out every flavor of
The chorus came again and Dean found he was under another spell, a far better one. Cas was actually kinda starting to get it, and that damned toothy grin was playing on his face again...
Sam cleared his throat. “Hey, Dean, are we going?”
Direl hissed between his teeth, his eyes darting toward the other’s retreating backs.
Dean gave up and just flopped instead, splaying out over the floor. “I really want you to stay, Cas. I really, really, want you to stay.”
My tat!”
“Nothing, just—” Sam releases a sigh. “Make sure you come back, okay?
of the Winchesters—” he raised his hand, ready to snap, “—or you will be
“That one guy said he followed them down to the river but they just disappeared. Another point for the Mother of Water Monsters theory,” Dean said as he lifted his duffel onto his bed.
you information for free, can I?”
“Put your
Crowley’s upper lip twitched. “It would take an assemblage of my finest spellworkers—”
Dean! He
betrayed by their own brothers and sisters to further the will of Heaven.
It stays this way for a long time.  Humming.  Floating.
you did to me, the running around, the cavorting—”
“Because he
“I don’t sleep.”
Inas said with a tug at her arms. "Bris, love,
“Fair enough,” Sam said, grinning into her hair. “In that case, I’m the best and I deserve everything ever,” he kissed the crown of her head, “and so do you.”
Cas. So why the hell are you here?”
He turned his music down just a little, one less worry thrumming in his skull.
Bris met her gaze with a surprised understanding.
Sam’s heart clenched. Fuck, he really should have seen that turn coming.
“We’re with the FBI,” Cas clarified.
“But— Okay, well— well— Well,
Crowley gave him stupid shit— candy and flowers and
She didn’t respond. Just dropped into her chair.
“Seriously,” echoed Gabriel.
“I can’t believe I get to have you, Bris.”
“Yes, and thank you so much for the valiant effort you put up to retrieve it, by the way.” Crowley put a finger to his chin. “Oh wait, no, you left me there to
to this drawer…
breathing, fast and ragged and—
Direl moaned into his food. “Haven’t had good fare like this since before we was caught, have we Bris?”
“What?”
different than
Castiel snapped to face Sam.
and he
“So…” she asked slowly, “
of it all. The adrenaline of the last half hour was dropping off, and he found himself falling, sinking down and down into pillows made of needles, and blankets of smouldering ash.
“Hey, yeah. Sorry.” Dean stepped out of the boat onto the pier. He pulled their last bag out of the boat, and tucked a twenty dollar bill in a crevice for the owner.
why I didn’ wanna talk about it!? I just— What am I s'posed to
Her hand landed on Sam's head, gripping his scalp and causing Sam's shallow breath to catch in pain. Dean tried to pull them back, but the witch held firm. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she squeezed them tightly shut.
“No, I mean really demonic, like actually from Hell.”
He shifts his weight to the other foot. “Can I… Can I ask you something?”
Well I’ll tell you somethin’, that may have been the one thing she was right about. Magic is power. Magic is a tool in your toolbox to get you where you want to be. You’re no wallflower, girl, you never were. So come with me, let me raise you up, and help me take down the Devil himself.”
They hooked their arm into Sam’s and steered him around, taking him back up the path.
He forced himself to hit the call button.
The other two angels heard the scream and dropped back from the fight. They paused, assessing the new threat, and exchanged a glance.
“Again? But, Sam, you—”
Because Sam was... Sam. Sayin' things like
repeating over and over on Sam’s lips.
“Veritas, you blasted gombeen,
didn’t do anything! Honestly, are you going to be like this the entire time we—?” “Cas? Cas! What happened? Gabriel, what—” “Sam— I don’t know— I came through and he just dropped and I—” "Get yer curses off a' him!" "
“But— um—” He cleared his throat. “A whole mess of them?”
“I meant besides that. Obviously.”
Dean glares at Gabriel.
she said.
"An' that can't wait 'til mornin', can it?"
Direl turned to Cas, still furious, but seemingly ready to listen to the angel.
Stupid fucking song.
to clean up.”
The fuck was this? Nerves? Over Crowley? God, what the fuck?
Gabriel gave him a quizzical look until Sam turned and dropped to his knee. He turned back over his shoulder, “Come on, Yoda, let’s go!”
Cas was a damned force of nature in the storeroom. They'd had the whole place properly organized in no time and had concluded just as quickly that there was nothing down there that was going to help them. But even though he was now roped into helping Cas slog through the piles upon
Direl’s face darkened, “I said she don’t want me, Sam! Three nights!
“Well now, look at that, and I thought
Dean huffs out another short breath. He bounces on his feet a little and bumps his fist a few times into a flat palm. “So. I suppose you’re… wondering why I called.”
“Not like
Cas looked at him carefully.
like only a short time, Cas suddenly stopped and threw an arm out in front of Sam and Dean.
To her credit, Bris hardly showed a reaction to that. Perhaps her eyes widened a bit and maybe her chin twitched back, but otherwise she just watched him and waited for the discussion to continue.
The next contraction must have been harsh, because Sebhin’s free hand shot out and snatched up Bris’s. Her heart skipped a beat, her chest seized, and her stomach flooded with guilt.
Dean’s silence was Cas’s answer.
Direl now answered,
that's the basic message I’m laying down here.”
Sam, Dean, and Cas look over, and see Max Banes approaching them.
“Oh, are we jumping into soulmates already?” Gabriel smirked. “Usually this takes a little longer to come up.”
~*~*~*~
“Do you not like her?”
“It’s just—” Sam let out a breath. “I think... I think that… somebody should stay behind. T-To watch the bunker.”
They were halted at the circle around her, unable to cross it. Bris reached over and grabbed the nearest one by the shoulder, running it right though the stomach. She drew back to let the body fall, spun around, and shot the others with her holy water again. A right chorus of screams and few well-placed stabs later, and the last demon dropped, leaving Bris alone standing in the roads, surrounded by crackling bodies.
“Moved past what?”
“What, no coffee?” he pouted.
But Dean had no time for that. “Cas,” he said, “Cas, I fucked up.”
of them.”
“One of your favorites.”
Direl whined, sliding down the tree to sit at its base. “Dear
And nobody noticed Ketch watching the entirely of this unfold from the map room.
Something hard and flat met his hand through the leather. With a fresh pang through his chest, Castiel reached into the pocket. After all, they might need Dean's phone for—
“You're drunk, you should lie down. And now you're going pale.”
Cas sagged, and Dean’s blood
Cas recognized apprehension in her expression. “You can tell me, Claire,” he gently asked of her.
nights I had with her an’ I couldn’t—!" he slumped over his lap, "I couldn’t show her how happy I coulda made her…”
Michael made toward Jack, but another bullet landed in his shoulder and he roared again. Too badly wounded, Michael retreated. He took off in a burst of smoke and trailed off across the sky.
Sam furrowed his brow. “Right. Of course.”
Dean kicked out, swimming after them, but another cold, scaly hand snatched his arm, jerking him to a halt. Another grabbed his ankle, long, slender fingers wrapping around him in a tight vice. Another, grabbed his other arm, then his leg, then his hair— He tried to slash at them, but he was being pulled in too many directions. The water was so murky, loud, dark— and getting darker now, they were dragging him down. His lungs burned, his mind screamed. He needed air. He needed to find Cas—
“Hey,” she smiled. “Hey-ah, did somethin’ happen out on that boat?” she peered around Sam at Cas and Dean, who had tossed the demon’s gun in the backseat and were now making their way over to them.
“Cas…” Dean’s face falls, devastated.
for the source of this feeling—
to people. No one but him. On his own... Alone...
“I can’t believe that wor—” Sam started, cut off as she practically tore his shirt from his shoulders. “It fucking worked! Ask me things, ask me anything—”
“...What’s that look for?”
Sam finally broke through whatever had a hold over him with a short laugh. The others all turned to him as he smiled wide and lowered his gun. “You’re a selkie,” he said.
don’t you
Oh Lord she wanted to look. But she couldn’t. She couldn’t look down and possibly see something other than what he was saying.
“Yer not even talkin’ to him are ye?”
“Okay—!” Dean snatched up the phone and paused it, “I take it back, you don’t get to pick the music.”
"I'm fine," Bris responded without thinking.
Their tone said this discussion was over.
But the hounds weren’t attacking the selkies.
“‘Lo,” Bris said tentatively.
“No, Cas.” He rounded on Sam, “You’ve been drinking
The angels spun back at the command, raising a hand against its source, but they froze, and their arms dropped again.
It was so familiar. So, so
“So when you actually get on the plane, you’re going to want to avoid drinking—”
and your
Cas recovered fastest. He jumped up from flat on his back and whirled to compare the oncoming demons with the witch. Decision made, he wheeled and stabbed one demon only to pivot and smite another.
Cas raised a hand at the hex bag and it burst into flames. They took off after the witch.
— and Dean managed to score a direct hit. Bris squealed in delight, screaming shrilly at the cold water—
Dean tore through the storeroom shelves, throwing boxes over his shoulder, tumbling piles to the floor— nothing was where it was supposed to be and everything he’d moved was right back where it had always been and he fucking
“Maybe he’s off at the bar?” Inas suggested as they helped Sebhin get comfortable against a tree.
over here went an'—” she turned to Cas and cut herself off. “Oh Lord, no…”
Jack smiles, and it’s the same sweet smile he’s always had, now just... tempered, by a new Calm about him. “Hi, Dean,” he says back, with a small Jack-Wave.
we’re okay
Ballo tilted his head at Bris and lowered his voice, *From the look on her face, I'm thinkin' I can drop the formalities, yeah?*
~*~*~*~*~
She couldn’t help but sigh at the look on his face, lost and pained. She nodded her head toward the stool Castiel had just vacated.
Bris pulled her sore fingers from Sam's and replaced them with her other hand. As Dean fussed over Castiel, she tucked a lock of hair behind his ear and allowed her palm to carry down to hold his jaw.
He turned out to look over the bar and took in the crowd, ignoring Sam and Cas who were now in deep conversation back at the table.
Dean slipped a hand along his thigh, feeling the little pills in his pocket he had tucked away for later. He set his drink on the table.
“Well—
But there was nothing.
Sam.”
then I could find someone who
Castiel left Dean's room and entered the library, his step quickening and his voice rising with insistence.
Dean grated through his strained voice.
And with that, they packed up the unread files and headed out to eat.
Dean took a step back from him, “Ah— no reason, forget I said anything.”
He raised a cautious hand to his phone and skipped the song, rejecting it with a ‘thumbs-down’ for good measure. Thankfully, the fuckery seemed to be over, and he was given some nice, normal Tom Petty next.
the overly-dramatic DJ announced,
Bris giggled as Sam leaned over to him, “Yeah, angels have
She set that aside for now. Right now, between those plans and the meetings and the paperwork and the skirting of the rules to do what needed to be done around here— well, she was starting to run herself downright ragged.
she burst. “Yer damned right, I’m upset! Where the
Castiel went to stand across the table from where Sam was hunched over, surrounded by ingredients, Gabriel’s translation of Kevin’s notes, and also Direl, who was actually around for once. He stood at Sam’s shoulder, watching him work with rapt fascination. Sam was carefully separating out the ingredients for the original portal spell from the Demon Tablet, dividing the Fruit from the Tree of Life, the Blood of a Most Holy Man, and the Grace of an Archangel into two piles, withthe Seal of Solomon nestled on its chain nearby. He made two piles, because they needed to
Just last year, hadn’t Sam watched Dean go through these exact same motions?
“Right now it’s Walk the Moon,” Sam blurted, “but that’ll probably change by next week.” He rolled his eyes at the necklace.
He shook it off for the time being and focused on Gabriel and Direl. “Come on,” he said, and he led them into the bunker.
Cas froze. He held his gaze on Sam, as if waiting for him to say something else, or maybe take it back. But Sam could only put as much of an apology on his face as he could.
It was going to be a challenge to find the selkies. None of them had a phone, and one couldn’t listen for the call of a selkie heart. Direl told them that he had planned to follow Inas south once he had found Ballo and the others, but in the rush they hadn’t agreed upon an exact meeting place. Dean pulled off at a gas station, and Direl and Ballo gathered around Sam’s phone, together looking at the map he pulled up.
” he snarled. He set his shoulders and ran right at her. He reached for his flask of holy water, raised his blade above his head, and—
He looked up and saw that everyone else had come to see what the commotion was about. Even Ketch had poked his head around the corner.
you?" she growled up in his face. "I didn't do a
"What?"
“So was I right?” Crowley asked as he dropped his glass back to the bartop.
Direl pulled one of the books towards him. “Well, ah, I don’t know nothin’ about nothin’, but seems to me there ain’t gonna be any intel on him here.” He met Sam’s incredulous look. “He ain’t
“I don't have to do
“I'm sorry,” they said together.
Cas tilted his head. So
“I’m not telling you!” Sam beamed, throwing his arms wide. “I’m not telling you or anyone jack-shit!” He wrapped his arms around Bris’s waist and spun her with a great whoop, both of them laughing with glee.
Dean dropped the shirt onto his duffel and took a step toward him. “Didn't know what? What're you talking about?”
“What?” Dean breathed.
“Don't.” Dean turned around with a palm raised. “Just don't right now. We need to fix this right now.”
“You’re hurt—!”
And Donna rushed in, a huge smile on her face.
appreciate you bringing a defused warhead to this Deal, as opposed to something more… advantageous.”
come any closer or I’ll run yeh through like a trout!” Bris shouted right back, the sticks long gone and her blade already in hand.
Direl sat slowly on the edge of the bed, pulling out his flask of holy water and holding it tight.
shouted Sam.
Cas flipped between the demons pursuing them and the river.
And then he and Jack are gone. Cas sags where he sits, and all pretense is over, and he sobs.
you the bait, what
“You should find Bris,” Cas stopped him.
Have you gone deaf? He's been wailin' up a storm since he got here! And he’s not even picky!”
“What... What on
*Oh, awesome,* Dean breathed, and they all headed into the house.
“Your music, it’s on repeat," Sam explained. "I, ah… I could fix it for you.”
“I’ve been clearing Dean’s arteries and realigning Sam’s vision for years,” Cas continued, oblivious. “Women frequently complain about their menstrual cycle, so I thought you might appreciate—”
“What about you?”
They split up, calling out for Gabriel. Sam sent a quick prayer his way as he knocked on Dean’s door, carefully opening it when he received no response.
Sam frowned, glancing over at him.
“Alright," she said, folding her hands in her lap, "I promised, so go on an' ask your questions.”
“Yeah. Understatement,” huffed Sam.
“Thank you,” he said to the angel instead, and replaced his blade over their heart. “Now... why did your squadron attack us?”
The rustle of feathers down the hall drew their attention.
“Cas doesn’t sleep—” Sam caught himself,
damned kamikaze
He walked along the highway, away from the setting sun, proceeding at a pace he had almost gotten used to since the Fall. Almost. His wings had improved since, but it would still be a long time before he could even consider flying again. But then, what was a few years to an angel?
another damned lot of ‘em!”
Castiel's brow knitted, but he didn't seem to have the energy to correct her.
“Stuck it in there when I got back from the east coast so I couldn’t forget it again,” Dean said as Cas set up the device that allowed his phone to play music through the tape deck. “Now, gimme some a' that crazy stuff you like so much, Cas. Thinkin’ I need somethin’ different right now.”
“No…” Sam shook his head. “No! We put this shit to rest years ago—!”
“Right, well—” he bumbled. “Well what the eff is
Dean and Cas jumped up, drawing their weapons and spinning for the threat. They found it just behind them in the form of a new presence in the room, a white man with sandy blond hair, sharp eyes, and, currently, a bemused frown.
“Well, alright. Um.
Dean raised a careful eyebrow at him.
You made me a, you made me a believer, believer,
“Yeah.”
Soap suds ran over a barely-scabbed gash on her arm. She hissed and rinsed it quickly.
He looked over to Cas. "Do selkies eat people?"
“Good,” Claire smiled. “Next time you see them, you’ll tell them I said hi, right? Tell them I miss them?”
It hit Bris too, it hit her harder. “You’ve… And He...” She trailed off, just staring at him.
Dean turned back.
“Cas! Castiel, hey, calm down, I got you—”
“I must ask
Dean launched himself from the bed as if thrown, his shoes clapping on the concrete floor. He was still fully dressed.
It was so infrequent that Dean got to see Cas really smile that he was tempted to do a loop around the island just to stretch the moment. But they had a hunt to finish and Sam was here and—
The next morning, Sam was doing his typical quick scan of the headlines when a notification popped up. One of the searches he had set while looking for Gabriel had finally found something, and when Sam looked into it further, he decided he needed to call a meeting.
Dean hunched over his bottle. God damn it, he could
I swear.*
“Yeah! What if we made Dean stronger?” Direl suggested, “What if we… walled him off or... built him up or—!”
~*~*~*~
That doesn’t—”
Open my eyes,
“Yes.”
First, Crowley was empty. He felt nothing.
Dean's chair toppled to the floor with a clatter. His beer fell from his hand and what little was left spilled across the table.
“Which one?”
Castiel squinted. “Zadkiel?” he said.
The group waited patiently, giving Sam a moment.
“And it demands the truth from you?”
She frowned again. “Well it can’t be about
“If it’ll get you nutters out of my hair I’ll sell you the ones in the back.”
What happened to Dad… was that what had happened to Dean?
Google provided a definition right at the top of the page:
of their almost-allies still answered his calls. “Hey, Crowley. Look, I’ll get right to the point—”
Dean squeaked, unable to breathe properly. "Cas— Did you—!" He shook Cas’s shoulder from his position. “Oh my god— Oh I can't— Jesus fuck— I can't— Oh. Okay. Okay."
“Why’re you even tryin’a get over there anyways?” asked Direl from the corner.
The rest of the day was bright and joyful for Sam, his heart floating light in his chest. After Rowena left, he and Bris had spent the whole day just chatting together. It started off as just another lesson in Gaeilge, but quickly became a discussion on the rapidly progressing situation between Dean and Cas, then a lamentation on all the things that should have tipped Sam off about it sooner, and then just a long session of telling stories about the past, the things that happened in between those times the world seemed intent on throwing itself off a cliff, and the day passed them by in a happy calm.
now!” Dean’s voice was edged with anger. “God, everything makes sense, keeping me out of all the Angel Wars, fucking Purgatory…”
It was a soothing thing, like water, dripping from a roof after a storm. And with just those first few measures, Dean felt his mind calm and his muscles relax.
“I am not a fish.”
...What?
“Um…” he stalled. He knew he'd never get her to drop it now, so he tried to step gingerly. “Well, see, there
“Alright, alright.” Dean holds up a hand at the crowd around him. “Look, honestly? I don’t think I can do shit. I don’t even fully know if I can get
“I’m Ophelia, this is Marco, my brother.” She gestured at the rest of the group, “And we watch over this Capitulum.”
was coming at  them, something
“Why haven’t you asked Jack for help?”
“Well, yes, the kidnapping, but I didn’t crank him up to bloody twelve!” He gestured again, but still none of his prisoners moved. “Well,
I fuckin’ swears to fuckin’ God Almighty—”
“Huh, the electricity is on,” Dean noted.
“Thanks, Rowena.”
The demons finally reached the edge of the water. An ambitious one went to wade in, jumping down the sharp bank. It screamed in agony, steam rising from its legs as it clamored back onto the shore. Its companions could only look on as the group swam further and further out in the water.
“What?” asked Gabriel.
“Just bullets!” “We robbed a store!” “The ones that fit the guns!” “I think they were .45’s!”
ye horse’s ass!” she chuckled, shoving him back with a smile of her own.
sneered Crowley. “Nothing can find us, not with these.” He gestured to the symbols Sam had painted on them. “And it’s not like there’s
“Sure, yeah—” But Sam stopped, he turned back to Ophelia. “Wait a minute, how did you know we were here?”
“Yes, I— I seem to be physically fine. You?”
“Hey. Dean,” he answered. As he shook the offered hand, his focus was torn between the man’s surprisingly strong grip and keeping track of each huge creature.
“Please,” Rowena tossed over her shoulder.
'Til the end,
*I shouldn't have left,* Castiel said. Quietly. Almost to himself.
~*~*~*~
“Hey, um,” Sam went over and placed a hand on Ophelia and Morco’s shoulders, “you guys okay?”
“That demon blood in your veins was turnin’ things all sorts of ways inside’a you,” Rowena continued, prompted by his hesitation, “but now I can feel what you were always meant to be: Not a tool of any demon or devil, but a proper witch with a power that comes from no one but you, a power that only
Direl eyed Bris quizzically. “Yeah?”
kept you safe!”
Cas fidgeted in the doorway. “Is it going to be any good anymore?”
God, the very
“They’re… not?”
did something to him!”
God... fuck whatever this was. Just...
“Then stay. Please, Bris, stay with me.” He softened, shoulders dropping as he tried to meet her eyes again. "Please, let me— I want to make you happy. I at least want to try.”
Dean sighed through his nose, and he turned to Direl to say—
Eileen was everywhere. He’d try to work out and she was in the gym doing stretches. He’d try to get some breakfast and she was there making coffee. He’d try to run his searches for Gabriel and she’d take up the chair
“Do you not want to swim as well?” Cas asked.
She clenched her teeth. "It’s all just... hiccups. I should be fine. I'm gonna be fine. I just— gotta find the right way to get there."
“Um… you’re welcome?”
there. You’re new.”
Dean could feel he was shaking, holding his arms tight at his sides as his fists clenched once again.
Michael dropped his blade from his sleeve and slipped it across Jack's throat.
“What the—” Sam started.
Bris smirked as Sam hung up, “I like her.”
It took her hours, but Bris told Sam everything. Almost two hundred years of little schools she’d attended, of Revolutions and Wars she’d witnessed and partook in, of coasting from village to village, of her spouses, her families, her children. She spoke until the tea ran out, and then she made some more. On and on she went as Sam sat, asking questions here and there, but otherwise fully enraptured in her tale.
with torment and pain unimaginable—! Well then you can take your ‘most sacred Oath’, and you can take your ‘decree of Free Will’, and you can—
something like this before, so—”
to anybody. I’m fine. I’m dealing with it.”
“I’m starting to see why Bris and Cassy don’t like you.”
"No need for that, we just want to talk," called the voice again.
"Do you, uh... You got a sec?"
fail you, but we did too, so you threw us crisis after crisis, lining everything up so you could finally— So you could—"
Castiel abruptly stilled, steadying himself on his feet. His hand continued to grasp at his chest but now he stood, rooted to the spot, staring at Michael in… Sam could only describe it as
The news that Gabriel was probably alive was elating, but also not surprising in the least. This was Gabriel they were talking about, after all. Sam wanted to know if they could mount a rescue mission to Hell on their own, but unfortunately that was beyond his capabilities as a single Seraph. Cas had to bitterly agree that they would require Crowley’s help with this, and unfortunately Crowley wasn’t taking calls or summons right now.
Sam couldn't help but wonder, as he continued his pacing, just how much longer they could they keep pushing their luck. How much longer until something finally went irrevocably wrong?
Castiel rose from his ready stance and moved to one side. The others should be here any moment, having been right behind him when he left the bunker.
The two men faced east to watch the sun rise over the jagged, cut landscape. The light picked at the highest points on the canyon walls, but wouldn’t reach the bottom for hours, if at all.
“Fate! An' Purpose! Fuck the lot of it! There ain’t no destiny, there’s just— what we do! Ain’t nobody tellin’ me what to—!"
Direl, he was a good guy, you know? Maybe a little pushy, but overall he was definitely a good guy.
Where's the happiness, you ask? Ten chapters now and I was promised happiness, you say? Well hold on just a little longer, honey, it's comin' here, I promise.
“So I guess we finally spread out again? Avoid that attention from other Hunters?”
“No, hey,” Sam shook his head, “No, come on, don’t apologize, Bris, I'm... I just...” he blinked and tried to push off the shelf.
“And... worthy,” he said. A small smile lifted her lips.
were whipped into a frenzy, slipping between everyone, trying to find a source for this commotion.
*Alright,* she whispered, pulling her hand back. *Alright, love. I won’t. ...I promise.*
And? Sam sought out Bris's gaze again, and tried to clear his mind.
“Jesus, dude, you know what that is, right?”
Dean’s fist falls, striking with a sickening crunch.
between me and her! There never was!”
“Where’re we goin’?” Dean asked Cas. Did he ask that already?
Growth, Castiel.”
Castiel glared at Crowley. “You think he told us this… so we would leave?”
“Nah, not exactly. Gave it to me, to keep it safe.
Crouched down a few feet back in the dense underbrush, the four of them watched the lake and waited. In the far distance they could see the dark forms of the other selkies in the moonlight, silently slipping through the water, just barely breaking the surface for air. The night was still. The water was calm. The barest hint of an overdue winter chill picked at their jackets.
“He got stuck with this cursed necklace an’ he has to tell the truth now," she said in a rush. "But that’s not the important part. He’s
Sam and Dean and Cas's little piece of Heaven fills and fills with friends and family, full of good memories and great stories. The light shines bright through the windows and they talk and drink and dance and carry on in this infinite evening, and everything is good.
even care, because he found himself wanting to just...
“He’s always drank a lot.”
Sam holds up the bag, “I brought lunch.”
The woods were completely silent.
little—!”
It was dark and smokey in the bar she'd landed at today, the “No Smoking” sticker on the front door apparently meaning about as much to these alcos as money to a pig. Not that Bris minded in the slightest. In fact, she kinda wished the pubs back home woulda had the same attitude with their own smoking ban. Aye, you got used to the change, but nothing made a pub as much of a pub as the smell of bines mixing with the rumbling chatter, floating up off the counter tops scuffed by lashings of peeled bastards drowning their troubles, coating the wood paneled walls in layers of grime older than she was…
lad. I can
Late that night, Cas came back into the library.
Michael turned Cas’s head to glare at Lucifer, who released his arm at once, “What—”
Everyone had witnessed. Everyone had seen.
“Another good push, love, we’re almost there—”
Sam flushed hot with resentment, acutely aware of the sigil on his own hand. “We’re not hiding from Dean, Cas. We’re hiding from Michael.”
Because, sure, Dean had told Cas not to worry about the bullshit going on in Dean's head, but that didn’t mean
And Sam had
Crowley leaned to one side in his throne, placing his chin in his palm. “Oh did you, now?” he asked, not bothering at all to hide the disbelief in his voice.
...now Ketch was standing in his bunker.
And yet, as much as he gripped, he couldn’t help but look forward to that surprise.
“Archangel,” Cas corrects.
Oh. That’ll work.
He immediately picked up on her dour tone. “Is something wrong?”
It was then that they reached the manhole. The four of them stopped and gathered around it, looking up at the circle of light about five feet above their heads. Nobody said anything for a while.
and a responding snort.
Crowley frowned at her. “You’ve been telling me all this time how you can’t
“Yes!”
Cas had said he liked the sound of his soul.
...Dean was going to hate this.
“Sorry, Rowena, it was kind of a spur of the moment thing,” Dean says.
“That’s not true—”
“But,” Cas furrowed his brow at the floor, his mind grasping at a hundred thoughts at once, “but we do feel Love…”
He left down the hallway, headed for his room— well, his and Bris’s room, now. At the moment, it was at the far end of the hall, having just moved a few days ago. Sam had been grateful then for the discretionary distance it gave them from Dean’s room, but now he sent out a silent thanks to the bunker for the distance it took him from the common rooms.
Bris allowed her eyes to close, and lowered her forehead to her arms crossed above her knees.
"Ah, jaysus—
He shook his head and gestured at the coat. “Why don’t you just...
“His personality and his skills are two separate considerations,” Cas said calmly. “He's showed himself to be quite capable against demons, though he is admittedly... unorthodox in his tactics.”
right? I mean, who
“THAT DOESN’T MATTER!"
~*~*~*~*~
Inas, clearly humoring him, extended their hand to the three hunters, “I can’t thank you enough for everythin’ you’ve done for our family.”
this girl someday and Dean couldn’t even—
“Okay now, lad,” Direl said as he leaned in, “is
Sam slowly blinked at where Dean had last been. He sighed and turned back to his plate.
He relaxed into his seat and pulled out his phone. In as clear of a state of mind as he could be right now, he typed up some messages meant for Sam and Cas. But he didn’t send them right away. He remembered fondly how Claire had once shown him all the fancy features on this most recent smartphone, and scheduled the messages to be delivered tomorrow evening, enough time for this to be finished and Dean could delete them before they sent, or for this to be finished and the messages delivered well after the danger had passed.
“Ain't’ no way I'm gonna be able to sleep after that.”
“Hey, Gabriel. Hey, it’s me… It’s Sam… Sam Winchester, do you remember me?” Sam smiled as honestly as he could.
“Yeah, but is he… is she…”
The next articles all said the same thing, offering no further insight.
ain’t gonna change. No matter how much it hurts, it ain’t gonna change, so you might as well just— give up.” He stood straighter, falling back a step. “I might as well just…" his eyes fell, searching the ground, "...give up.”
Bris smacked her hand on the table and Sam jumped. “Salt-filled hula-hoops!”
nope, got me there,” Dean smirked, “that turned out to be faeries.”
“Ah.”
feeling he’d had in the back of his mind all day. Feathers must be out and about.
And I'll paint them all again,
“...Dean?”
They approached the body as Smith the photographer moved on to document the boat.
Crowley glared at them.
*Thank you,* he mumbled.
Sam’s stomach growled again.
“It’s
Inas's arm tightened around her.
“Indeed not.
“...It’s not the sushi, is it?”
His fingers went white on the steering wheel as he tried to relax into the music again. The song he’d been given did its best to help with that, enthusiastically bouncing and jingling along:
like her—”
“Sebhin isn’t an interruption.”
{{Highway Tune}}
Light flashes across the screen, and we see Dean step forward from the portal. The camera pulls back from him, further, and further, and we see that he is completely surrounded by dark, by nothing.
“The way I've treated you," Dean said. "all that shit I’ve done to Sam... I just shoved it all down, ignored all of it... I didn't give you a passing thought while I was wrapped up in my own crap, I let myself believe Sam was fine, that he didn't need help... How can you even put up someone so… so...” He trailed off, not knowing what word he wanted.
Castiel tried to push that idea from his mind, though. Dean wouldn’t have said that if he hadn't meant it.
Fate looked to Castiel, and for the first time since she’d appeared, the smile on her face dimmed by a fraction. “Make no mistake, brother angel, the selkies are My children, not your father’s.”
Her feet hit the ground.
With some texting back and forth, they found the bar Direl had meant and met him inside. Ballo joined him, and much to Sam’s elation, so did Bris. The group found a table and ordered some drinks.
"Damned right, ye hallion."
Just as she was going to hand it over to Dean, she seemed to come to her senses and snatched it back, “Wait a minute, why do you need this?”
Sam snorted. Jody’s gaze softened as she looked at Cas, “Guys, look, have you actually
“Spilled a whole beer down my shirt.”
he silently mouthed, giving Cas a quick thumbs up.
“Dean...”
“What would forty or fifty years be compared to this!” he burst, spinning to face her. “What would a few decades be to me if it meant Dean could— I put my desires over his well-being! I
“Doesn’t look like there’s really a method to ganking them, though,” Sam sighed at his screen. “I found one story about a maiden trapping one on her lap, but… that didn’t exactly end well.”
“Well that's a show, not a movie—”
And Cas shifts forward and kisses him again, and Dean kisses back, and it’s more smile than kiss, but really, who’s keeping track? And if maybe a few hands begin to wander...
“And how the fuck are we going to get in without Crowley? He’s kinda holding all the cards, here, Cas!”
Sam stepped forward now, nodding in turn at Rasul. “Please," he said, "we just need to know— Where is my brother? Dean Winchester, where is he?”
Fate smiled again. “Oh, My sweet son, how you sell yourself short.” She took a hand from his cheek and smoothed his dark hair. “I will tell you when it is time, I promise it. You will know it in your heart.” She tapped his chest with a finger, and she bent down, and placed a kiss upon his forehead.
what he said!
“I’m hurt, Samantha!” Crowley called after him.
Direl beamed at him, and happily followed them out of the church.
“Do I look like I care right now, Sammy?”
He didn't feel the shift of lungs drawing air.
You better push that gear down to the fifth,
“Well I ain’t doin’ jack-squat,” Bris declared. “Sure as hell ain’t gonna
“Yeah, thanks,” Sam answered.
The three of them could only blink in the wake of Gabriel’s speech, taking it all in.
Sam ran over and shoved Dean off of Gabriel, “What the hell are you—?”
“I used everything I had left getting you and Sam back here.” His eyes dropped to the floor. “I can’t.”
and the next age it's
mind tricks…”
God, why did people even care about what was going on in his pants, not like he cared about theirs!
“Wait a minute,” Dean sat up sharply. “In that memory you gave me, did you… Did you put
Sam dropped his shoulders with an exhale.
protection,” he amended.
The pain in Bris’s eyes was unbearable to watch. Sam saw even Gabriel avert his gaze.
From across the bunker, he heard the distinct sound of a door rattling on its hinges.
Direl tipped his head back to the vaulted ceiling, “My stars, a
You actually left them unprotected! And you gave me just the
Dean set his coffee on the table. “Hey...” He stood, and stepped over to Cas. “Hey, no…”
“Yes, Dean! I’m hungry, and my head is killing me.”
that you’re gonna do your fucking witchcraft in his goddamned living room?” Dean shot at her.
you have done, after the carnage you have wrought with your
“My phone number. Well, phone numbers. If you or your family needs us, you can reach us there. Or, you know," he shrugged, "you can just... call... if you want to.”
“Mostly, yes,” answered Cas, finally relaxing a bit.
Jo and Cassie stared a moment longer.
“You know this settlement we’re heading for, have you met Jack? Is he safe right now?”
*Don’t seem our place, Direl, not like we’re cupids.*
-And a PSA that if you want updates you're gonna want to subscribe to the *Series* or to me as an Author, not just to this one work.
Sam gripped the phone so tightly his hands shook. “You can’t—!” He turned to Dean, tears threatening to spill. “She’s fighting her— They’re going to try to—”
Dean?" Cas gritted, his hands coming up clenched beside his head.
He should know Cas. He should know Cas better than anyone and he still—
Her frown deepened, but she just went back to looking at Sam and Bris.
What the fuck was he doing?
He looked up, and his gaze found the wall of his room. The wall he used to be so proud of. The wall full of the souvenirs of his trials from years past. The wall full of knives, and swords, and guns.
Dean stares at Sam, eyebrows knitted and eyes a little wide.
“All Dean wanted was us and You… You…
Sam looked down at Bris, who had gone awfully quiet beside him. “Hey, um, are you—”
Sam allowed himself a quick sigh of relief. He’d pretty much written Rowena off at this point, so thank goodness at least
He released his hold and allowed himself to be pushed back, not breaking eye contact with Gabriel. The air practically crackled around them, goosebumps rose on Sam’s skin.
Dean seems to finally notice Sam. He hits a button on his computer and slips a headphone off one ear. “Yeah?”
Castiel dropped his head.
Instead he heard only the turning of pages. Heard only the soft tap of shoes. Heard only the curtailed rasp of choppy, uneven breath.
“What? Shit, right, that too!”
He pushed himself up to his feet, taking quick, shaking steps to the door. He fell against it heavily, yanking at the handle.
Direl gave him a confused look.
of that.”
Gabriel shot him a look. “You’re really cranky when you’re tired. You know that, right?”
but lately, there’s even more. All-consuming and torturous and
Asmodeus looked between his hand and Crowley.
leapt to their feet, whistling high and piercing; about a third of the selkies started assembling around Ballo; a small group guided Sebhin and the pregnant selkies to the creek; and the rest were frantically sprinting to the water.
But still he wouldn’t turn to her.
The selkies on the ends of the line, flanking the witch, flipped their knives in their hands and threw them at her. The witch threw up her hand and stopped all of them—
travelin' where?* Bris echoed with an eyeroll.
“No,” Bris answered, “just me.”
“What?”
before, eh?” Ballo chuckled. “Aye, they’re a mite intimidatin' the first time, I’ll bet!” He winked at Dean.
Sam snatched the note right back, suddenly agitated. “He’s— he’s around,” he snapped.
“Where the fuck is Ketch?” he demanded.
glare. “But still, personal problems aside, they’ve been gone too long. They might have been attacked—”
The little red circle on his phone's screen caught Crowley’s eye.
Sam opened his mouth to respond, but Cas shoved him aside, snatching up Gabriel by the lapels and hauling him close.
that he was
The thunderclouds faded from Castiel’s expression. “Yes,” he said, and moved over to the closest table.
“I know, Dean.”
“I… Direl I really have.”
We deserve stories, too. We all deserve happy endings.
looks like you lot are set. We got everyone in position now,” she jerked a thumb over her shoulder. “When they come for yer bait we’ll cut off the afancs ‘round the backside. Nasty bastards won’t slip away this time.”
And, of course, all the times they'd each... died.
Cas shrugged.
She rolled her eyes at him again, “You goody-two-shoes types, always with the limitations! There’s always room for growth, ya stubborn lunk!” She spread her hands wide, “Just
Castiel furrowed his brow. “I suppose. If you want to be extremely literal about it.”
“He just went to bed,” Sam jerked a thumb over his shoulder. A knowing smile twitched on his lips. “If you hurry, though, he won't be asleep yet. He only just left.”
“And the passports?”
Bris gripped Sam's hand in both of her own. Dean stood staunch behind Castiel, refusing to turn away.
can't open the Cage correctly. All
Sam snapped to the sound. He followed it back to a cage near the front.
Castiel shook his head, letting his gaze fall from Chuck down to his hands. One still holding Dean’s speaker, the other one empty.
Cas looked him over and asked again, “Are you okay?”
Gabriel gripped Sam tighter and pulled himself up from his chair, whatever he was lacking in strength being replaced by pure determination. Still holding onto Sam for support, he looked up, locked his gaze again and croaked,
Sam put a hand on his older brother's shoulder. “Dean, it’s been a month since the last report of a mauling,” he pleaded.
Well, as nice as it could be.
“You old softie.”
We hear the chords of the guitar that opens so many of our episodes and the camera fades in on Sam’s room. We follow Sam going about a typical day, waking up, getting dressed, going out for a run, etc.
My life, my love, my drive, it came from,
“Dean—”
For a second there he’d forgotten. Thought he could escape it. Thought he could shove it all aside, blinded by some sort of stupid hope that he could actually have something he wanted in his life. But it didn’t matter what he wanted. It never had. He was never going to reach it.
Fate turned her attention to Bris.
“Bris, hey,” Sam stepped between her and Cas. “Hey, look at me.”
She didn't respond, but Sam saw the way Bris's shoulders minutely relaxed.
“I will not reveal the expected times of your deaths, nor return to you any departed loved ones.”
“What? Wait—” Dean almost spilled his beer trying to set it behind him on the counter. “Cas, you’re not fuckin’ with me are you?”
“I’m not sure that’s a good idea,” Sam said delicately.
“Michael? Jack, wait—”
about it, touchy-feely girl that he was. Sam was just drunk right now, and screwed-up over this stuff with that girl.
“Sure did,” the demon said, completely oblivious. “Broke his fighting spirit! He’ll be moping ‘til the end of time!”
I won't shake,
are gonna come with
She only allows herself a moment of frustration, right away she’s at it again. She empties her bowl and returns to kneel beside the circle.
“Well— He
won't do anything.
“Ahh, c'mon, where's the fun in that?”
Chuck spread his hands wide, watching Castiel with an equally wide smile.
Cas was looking at him, but Dean couldn’t read him. He was just…
“Explain it? No. He sort of just—” Cas made a motion with his hand “—threw it at me.”
Dean still didn't answer.
Dean looked over at him, pausing his scrubbing. “You’re gonna check anyway, aren’t you?”
armies. Because I’ve been up in Heaven, ruling in Dad’s stead— where I
It was quiet as they walked up and down the hills of this rolling forest, loosely following the river back north. They only heard the occasional rustle of the fallen leaves, or a single bird flitting tree to tree. It was much like their walk through that town not a week ago, when they’d been together at that bar; it was so similar in fact, that Bris slipped again into thinking she might get away with a nice, easy walk with Inas. But really, she should have known better by now.
“What?” Bris asked.
“Thirty-eight,” Cas amended.
Cas maneuvered around Dean’s protesting arm and placed his open palm against his chest to heal him.
“Uh, nothin’. Wanna go do somethin’?”
Nope. Don’t even go there
Castiel looked up at him. Chuck continued.
“Why do you fight it?” says Naomi’s voice. But the voice is different now, sneering where before it was shouting. “Why do you fight the truth, Castiel?”
just like with Jimmy!” strained Castiel. He backed up a step, putting his fingers to his temple as he shut his eyes.
“Agreed,” Cassie said. “You help us get our people, we take you to Jack.”
“Yeah. And that’s the only reason he’s here. He isn’t a friend.”
“And the angel,” one of them interrupted.
…Direl?
She spread her arms again, and began her spell.
empty, you are
“Lesbian.”
Jack, Mary, and a few of their friends found themselves near the back, in Michael’s war room, looking over a map. Jack wondered aloud what the little figurines were for.
not running
“No, I did ask him to—” started Sam.
“Well, see, it—”
Need something so adorable you could die?
“Look, um. Sorry. You can have it back—”
The Men of Letters were frozen in shock, jaws dropped, possibly forgetting to breathe.
“Humans created music to— As a release,” Cas continued, “To express the state of the souls they can't see with their eyes. Each song is a message, a display, a piece of someone’s soul.”
“And who told you that?”
“I assume the impossibility of that statement is part of the turn of phrase.”
"C'mon, Cas, you tried to stop me, and I didn’t listen—”
(See the end of the chapter for
The confusion on Direl’s face only deepened.
Along with Eileen.
You better do it like the sky just caught on fire,
Direl’s face scrunched in confusion, then fell with hurt, before finally landing on a dangerous anger.
“Oh—” Sam fumbled his gun, hurrying to return it to its holster.
Please, wait,
Claire nodded, wide-eyed at what Max was saying, but then her brow furrowed. “So… but… But if I don’t know... won’t that just confuse people?”
clouds of color swirling endlessly in on themselves. “But when ye left ye were..." Furious. Enraged. Incensed beyond measure. "Well I s'pose I just expected you’d be upset.”
there was a mutual understanding between them all that they were doing all they could at the moment.
Bris drew back at his heavy tone, frowning at him as she searched his face.
“Please,” Ketch rolled his eyes again, “this is
“Our damned tank, he was the fucking gun on our battleship and he went and got himself blown away!”
Cas made a note to teach him about proper battle tactics someday.
Crowley raised his chin, looking Sam up and down. “And what do
The smile dropped from Michael's face. Gabriel glared him down.
“Are— Are you
can’t do as we please! We can’t seek our own happiness, we can't forge our own paths, we aren’t even supposed
It felt like hours before Sam got back, although that was probably just because Dean was so focused on controlling his own heartbeat. Finally, though, he saw Sam searching for them over the heads of the crowd and waved him over to the fire. He and Cas stood as Sam and Inas approached them.
“—that you think he… you think he feels the same way that I feel about him.”
“Hey, um, I really am sorry for what I said back there. At the motel.”
Cas squinted. “'Shit' what?”
“Oh, yes, most certainly,” Fate assured him. “You and your brother had destinies set in
Sam snorted. “Whassa sassa-sass?” he tried valiantly.
He clicked the link, and read:
tell you, I would…”  she started, looking up at them through long, batting lashes, “but what would
“M’not
My daughter, who decided to ask for their help, and ultimately
“How about just your hand?” offered Sam.
Because Dean was a weaker man than he’d thought, and because he was also a coward.
Two very different lines of questioning fought in Sam’s mind. In the split moment of decision, he did his best to compromise. “Lore makes it seem like you’re always looking for a husband. Like a compulsion. Or do you just wait for someone to show up?”
that's all I ever wanted, but now... Guess I should be more careful about what I wish for.”
If Father’s Creation was fair, Dean wouldn’t have been burdened with being Michael’s Vessel, with being designated the Righteous Man to suffer on the Racks for the heinous sin of his own father resisting Temptation.
“Like what?” Direl asked.
“I don’t know...” Sam shook his head.
His voice shook.
Sam didn't believe that for a second.
“And just how would you know?” says a voice to his right. Dean spins, and finds standing a few feet from him—
“Go!” Dean ordered, running to help Cas.
“Could we maybe—”
“Towns?” Baradiel snorted and Castiel's hope sank. “Not for a hundred leagues, if that sorry excuse for a holdout even counts.”
Dean recoiled at the light illuminating the iris of his brother's eyes. “You alright, there, Sammy?”
“I know, but it's our
Michael brought his gaze back up to Dean’s face. Dean didn’t answer him.
They met again, far less dramatic, far more real. It was honest, and it was what the both of them wanted.
“That’s not true. Eileen—”
How didn't he see that Rowena was going to be bad news? That she was going to fuck with Sam?
Bris reached forward so Sebhin didn’t have to and carefully lifted the baby into her own arms.
Mary, and Joseph—!” She took a steadying breath. “Cas. You watch enough damned movies with him, certainly ye picked up
He was quickly so absorbed in it that he almost didn’t notice Cas finally come up from the map room, rushing through the library and heading straight for the hallway. He stopped at Dean’s door, knocked, and entered.
Sam forced himself up to lean back on his heels, “Bris—” he rasped.
*What?* he asked himself. No one ever...
“Right,” Sam chuffed. “So, I was saying we might be able to find the Seal of Solomon in…” ...
Now, Castiel wandered the bunker in a daze; that is, when he moved through the bunker at all. His fuse was short, his silences were long. He’d be in the middle of doing something and he’d just stop, and when Sam would look up Castiel would be still as a statue... staring... just staring at nothing...
of your storm?” Castiel cut in. “You released countless violent monsters into the waterways!”
"Misogynistic asshole," Jody agreed. She tipped her chin at the group, “Hey, could I get someone to peel potatoes?”
Right into the waiting jaws of Bris's family.
“Yeah, at least not anyone nearby...” Sam read some more. “Looks like there’s heavy debate on whether they’re actually demonic though.”
We're floating fast over traffic lights,
Bris dropped down next to him.
Turn me loose and you'll see why,
She pocketed it and flashed him a smile. “Thanks, mate. Really, it’s been a gas talkin’ wit’cha, here. Y’know… ‘sides from all the wallowin’.”
Days.
“And I didn’t
Bris glanced between him and the extended branch. Twice. Then, carefully, like Sam might pull it back any second, she reached out, and took it.
Sam and Dean leapt back from where Crowley had just appeared right outside the door. Before either of them could get a word out Crowley reached out and practically ripped the door off its hinges in his rush to open it.
Another hour later, he pulled up behind her and was out of the stolen car before its rumble had truly died.
“Cas,
— because
“Like you actually care about—”
of this. I don't Reward anyone, I don't
—and ran right into Cas.
He broke into a run, rushing down every twist of the endless, branching halls. He was sure to get lost, turn after turn... But it didn’t matter, it couldn’t matter, not as long as he found it. And he
“But you’ve been… directing me?”
Sam opened the door and peeked around it, a large, grease-stained bag in his hand. “Hey, um, are we good yet, guys? Can I bring in breakfast?”
With the same harried frenzy, Dean and Cas grabbed whatever Sam hadn’t, and they all sprinted out the door.
tortures lined up for you.” He turned back to his hostage. “Now you get over here, angel, while I just clean up this mess...”
“So. you gonna ride one now, or—”
Sam looked down and gave her an evil grin, “Think we should do something?”
going
“Yeah,” Sam answered. “Veritas, it’s us, Direl.”
“Cas—” he tried to start.
...Maybe he had misunderstood what Sam had meant by ‘upset’.
she smiled at him.
“Then please,” Sam took a step toward her, “please believe me. I would never do that to you. I couldn't. I'd never want to.”
They get up, and Dean can see who helped him.
Something is missing
Bris sat cross-legged on the end of the library table, Sam’s gun in one hand and an angel blade in the other.
then her eyes slanted to one side.
The other demons shrugged.
she giggled.
Cas needed a song.
to come in?” he shouted.
“Um... no.”
Cas didn't repeat himself. He moved to put an arm under Dean in order to lift him.
to realize what the
he narrowed his eyes, sharp as a knife, “you will
She sat up all at once and looked him right in the eyes, hope shining bright in her features. "So whaddo I do?" she asked hurriedly.
He tried again, thinking maybe he could get at least a twitch of a smile out of him. “You know, you keep givin' me all this help and I’m gonna get all dependent on you. Won’t be able to take off like you do.”
“Good,” Sam nodded. He scrubbed a hand over his chin. “Good. Now, look, I need to go find Bris, but— but I know you, don’t just beat yourself up about this. You know now, and it’ll take time, but you two will get past this, okay?”
don’t give up just yet, keep working at this, for just a little bit longer.”
Dean huffed. “Because Cas is in there.”
“She’s technically my ex-wife, so,” he shrugged. “Maybe it’s that.”
“Um. A-as long as we’re… saying things... um…” He shut his eyes and he reddened further than the chill could claim on its own. “Could you... not... do that?”
“Jess,” Sam said, turning back to the demon. “Is Dean in Hell?”
Dean shut his eyes and suppressed a growl. “Would it kill you to
“What do you want, Crowley?” Dean demanded, shoulders still heaving.
Sam shook his head, just a fraction, “Nothing, just—” he set his knife down and tipped her chin up for a gentle kiss, pulling back only to look into her dark, sweet eyes, “—you.”
“Why do it hurt so much?” she finally asked.
He finished quickly and headed for the cabinets after depositing his plate in the sink, chest tight and hands shaking this morning as he reached for the amber jug. God damn, he needed this drink today, he was just strung so tight...
She sighed and looked back down to the coat, “Look, the thing is… I don’t know what I did to deserve your brother, Dean. For a while there, when my own head were tellin’ me all sorts of lies, I really thought I didn't, but Sam is here tellin’ me otherwise, every day. He tells me with what he says, an’ what he do. Sam came along an’ he turned my world upside down, an’ now every day he’s makin’ me believe that I’m more than this damned thing.” She tucked the coat against her hip. “Every day we make this work, Fates and Purpose be damned. An’ it’s good, Dean, it's good. It sure as fuck ain’t perfect, but it’s good, jus’ like this. So I’m not givin’ him this. Honestly, I don’t know if I’ll ever give this to anyone again. But, ah,” she looked at him sheepishly, tipping her head at the coat, “but I’m fuckin’
Castiel wets his lips and lets his eyes fall to his fingers, tangled together in front of him. “Do you know how many times I’ve seen it happen?” he takes his chance to turn his answer into a question of his own.
“Well, you warmed me up.”
Their hunt hadn’t even been related to witches, which was why it took him a bit to figure out something was wrong. It had been a relatively easy hunt, all things considered, just a good ‘ol salt-and-burn, nothing special. Whoever had done this though, must have seen them around town while they were investigating and took it upon themselves to insert themselves into the fold. It could have been anyone, but Sam suspected that it had come from one of the places they ate at during their trip. At first notice of Dean’s newfound truth-telling, Sam had pulled the car over to the shoulder of the road, desperately looking for a hex bag, but coming up short. He hadn’t been affected either, so the most he could deduce was it being something he ate and that was an educated guess at most. With no definitive way of knowing however, they braved the ride home, where Sam would get Rowena on the phone first thing in the morning.
The breath stills in Castiel’s lungs. Dean must still be cold; he probably just needs to be warmer. Castiel shifts just a little bit closer, his breath now brushing against the back of Dean’s neck. He thinks he sees Dean shiver, but it’s probably just from the cold.
“Fucking Hell!” Dean hisses suddenly. Castiel looks over at him and feels his heart lurch in his chest. He’d been focused on the route, intent on getting them back to the car and to safety, only glancing back to be sure Dean was close by even though he knew he was. He hadn’t looked closely in those quick glances though. Dean’s nose and ears were bright red now, bordering on purple; his fingers matched that same hue and no matter how much he rubbed them together, it was clear Dean was losing feeling in them. Buried in the snow, there was no doubt that Dean’s feet were suffering the same fate and if Castiel had stopped at any point to assess himself, he’d have seen that he was in the same freezing boat as Dean.
Then, the fingers are gone and Dean feels lost. Tossed out to sea to suffer alone. Cas laughs, a low grumble that pulls Dean from his abandoned longing. Cas is reaching into his own wings when Dean looks up at his and his breath is gone. Bent in such a way, sparse with bruises and blood with divinity on his back and a dingy halo of light above his head, Castiel is a walking contradiction of purity and sin.
“Cas, c’mon.”
“Would you-” Dean swallows, Castiel closes his eyes, “Could we…”
“Well, ready to check it out?” Dean asks, slipping out of the front seat without waiting for an answer, knowing full well that Castiel would follow. He does, blipping from his space in the front seat to Dean’s side as he rummages through the hidden compartment in the trunk.
Cas is still struggling with another demon, though Dean can now see two slumped bodies folded on each other just behind his own demon’s feet. The demon refocuses on him and despite Dean’s desperate need to check on Cas first, he knows he’ll get nowhere without dealing with this one.
“Wh-what?” He choked out. He was trying to convince himself that he misheard Dean, that he hadn’t been about to say what he thought he was going to say. Dean wouldn’t want him,
“Cas! Hey buddy, I missed you! You know, you really should stick around more. You’re always gone but this is your home too.” Dean spoke quickly, the rush of words escaping his lips before he had time to clasp his fingers over his mouth. He was blushing to the tops of his ears and no matter how hard he tried not to, he mumbled something more that Castiel couldn’t quite make out.
Dean bites his lip. “You know.”
“Okay, so you want to just go out there?” It doesn’t seem that wise of a plan, but Castiel isn’t sure there’s a better place to start.
“Not like that. It was like… It was like I could
“I’m coming too.” It was Dean who spoke, not sparing a glance in Castiel’s direction. This was all so confusing; had he done something wrong?
“Oh.” Dean says, mouth twitching with the threat of a grin as he tries to think it over. “Well, why don’t we get that dinner first, and see from there. I don’t know about you, but I am starving.” He pats the dashboard as he pulls them back out onto the highway and towards town. It doesn’t take long to steer them into the cleared out parking lot of the local diner.
“Dean?” he calls again and he spots him, chest-deep in broken ice, clothes soaked through. The ground in front of Castiel had fallen away and there are divots in the side of the small cliffed area that he’s sure match Dean’s fingers. The cliff shouldn’t have broken with the ground being so frozen, but it must have been days away from falling before the current weather hit and Dean must have stepped just so to tip it over. The ice should have been thick enough too, but the impact of the fall must have been just enough to break through. And now Dean is down there, icy water closing in around him as he calls for him.
“Yes, I do.”
Castiel relays this information to Dean with a look and a display of numbers via his fingers. Dean blinks, surprised at the number, but relieved it seems they are still asleep. The bottle from earlier could have been moved by a mouse, after all.
and yet, adrenaline still churning in his system, it was. But it wasn’t just the blood or the obviously soon-to-form bruises peppering his features, it was also just
Castiel can feel Dean’s heart hammering away in his chest. It’s strong and steady and speeding up by the second. It thrums under his fingertips, silently begging to regain those wisps of him that he longed for. Castiel was powerless to stop himself from indulging Dean’s want.
“Right, sorry, Dean, I-” It appears neither of them get to finish a sentence tonight as Sam suddenly appears in the kitchen, Rowena in tow. Both Dean and Castiel turn their heads quickly, blushing and disheveled as Castiel takes one more step back, away from Dean.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice is hoarse, Castiel tries not to smirk in pride; he thinks lust and greed are enough sins for today.
“You could at least act like you like being near me, you know. I know I’m not exactly all that much fun to be around, but you could at least pretend like you aren’t counting the seconds ‘til you can get away from me.”
“Fuck, Cas, so good…” Dean was breathing heavy now and Castiel could practically taste his releasing edging closer.
“Shit, Cas, I’m gonna cum,
Cas blinks up at him, pausing his movements over the button of his pants, cut up torso already bearing itself for Dean’s view. “What?” Cas breathes out, eyes wide.
“What- Cas, what is this?” Dean meets his eyes and Castiel watches his mouth mirror his own. “Your eyes are glowing.”
There is barely a moment between Dean’s body hitting the floor and the mass of people pulling out their own guns. The man in charge had a smaller gun, intricate likely because it was a favourite, like Dean’s. The other’s though, most of their arms were carrying semi-automatics, a few holding ones similar to their leader’s instead. The man was saying something- “not human”?- at him but all he could hear was a roaring in his ears. He could feel the presses on the triggers the second before they happened and he moves before he can process what he’s doing.
They make it back out to the car and as his own reflection looks back at him through the dusty windows, he finally catches sight of the damage done to his wings. They were already starting to heal, slowly but surely; delayed by the siphoning of grace to Dean as well as the slower recharge time applied to him due to his consistent absence from Heaven. The wings were visible, not only to himself, but to Dean, to any human that laid eyes upon them. They were broken and bloody, red stains splattered over the oil-slicked black.
“Cas, just do it already, fuck, just-”
“Dean?” he calls. He’s sure he can see better than Dean out here, so why can’t he see him yet either? “Dean!” he shouts again. He doesn’t care if he wakes up the entire forest, every bit of wildlife nearby can wake up from their slumber for all he cares.
They tread around to the back of the barn with careful steps, extremely mindful of broken glass and those crisp fallen leaves that held the potential to give them away. In that moment, Castiel was sure his love for those leaves would crumble if their quick crunches led to Dean being harmed. He would throw away millennia of preferences if they betrayed him like that.
It only takes a fraction of a second for Castiel to follow.
“Of course, Dean.”
“You… Dean, I do not think you understand the implications of this. Grooming is… it’s very intimate.” Castiel turns out of his view, he doesn't wish to see Dean’s reaction. He hears it though, in a soft exhale of breath.
“Dean.” Cas says, the name being thrown out from his lungs in a desperate push as the soft cloud rises from his lips. He’s shifting now, almost instinctively, in the direction Cas is looking.
“Cas?” Dean coughs, beautiful evergreen eyes snapping open and immediately resting on Castiel’s own. Castiel releases a breath and without thinking, he tugs Dean close to his chest. He’s the one trembling now, shaking arms clinging to the man before him. He’s surprised to feel Dean’s arms wrap around him in return and he doesn’t say anything when Dean pushes his face roughly against his chest.
Castiel suddenly understands the pink in his cheeks. “Oh.”
“What time is it, man? What’re you doin’ up?” The covers get shuffled around some more and it’s all Castiel has not to stare too long at the exposed skin of Dean’s chest.
After a beat, “Could we… closer?”
He kissed him again as he let his hand roam down, running between his cheeks until he had his fingers pressed up against his hole. Dean let out a breath at the touch. Castiel rubbed and pushed on it lightly, listening to the soft gasps of pleasure being hurled into his mouth. He could feel Dean growing again as he rutted against him and Castiel was suddenly not sure how long he could last when he finally got inside.
And all hope for letting this go shatters on the floor. If Castiel can touch, if he can have this, he wants whatever Dean is willing to give. Without breaking the kiss, Castiel rolls Dean over onto his back and frames his body with his thighs. Air rushes from Dean’s lungs in heavy puffs and when Castiel pulls back to lean on his heels he can see the harsh blush painted heavy on his cheeks.
Pain heightened to another plane of reality; fire burn of open leaking wounds simmers into the low heat of arousal that builds steadily in his gut. Dean is absolutely positive he’s never been so turned on in his life.
And then they were together again, kisses growing impatient and needy. Want and desire they had pushed down for so long surfacing under each other’s touch. Castiel slipped a hand up under Dean’s shirt and ran his fingers over the flesh above his jeans.
“Yes, you mentioned it earlier. “The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly” if I remember correctly.”
“Cas…” it comes out broken, almost a whine, but Castiel has never heard his name sound sweeter. He closes his eyes and smiles, feeling the wave of want in Dean’s voice. Then, Castiel brings his lips to the side of Dean’s cock and presses them there in a kiss.
“It happens so fast.” Castiel speaks, temporary hands clasped together over his knees. Being in a vessel no longer bothers him as much as it used to. With Jimmy gone, this body feels almost as much his own as his true form. He feels the change of air temperature more acutely in this body; if he didn’t have his coat, he is sure he could even get goosebumps from the chill of late October.
He pulled off of Dean and stood up, paying no mind to the creak of his limbs as he climbed up onto the bed. Dean flopped back, legs still dangling over the side and a wide grin plastered on his face. He had a few beads of sweat pooling by his hairline.
Castiel feels time differently than humans; he is always present, but he is future and past too. He could tilt his head and wind back those seasons to any of the ones before it or shoot forward to new ones that had yet to pass. When he watches the leaves fall, he feels more firmly in the present, more directly tied down to the current season as it affects the world. It is wonderful, being tethered to the present.
He tucks them against himself and-despite his need to be close to Dean- slides into the back seat. Dean gives him a disappointed look in the rearview mirror, but understands as soon as he scoots to the middle. His wings were far too big for even the back seat; folding over themselves like origami birds. It was uncomfortable and likely an obstruction of view from the back windshield, but there wasn’t much to be done about it. He settles as much as he can and Dean speeds off, away from the dirt and blood of the barn and towards the dingy motel.
Dean just grins and squeezes Castiel’s hand before letting him go and cutting the engine. He doesn’t say anything else as he opens up his driver’s side door, Castiel following after him. The backpack stays abandoned in the back seat as they make their way back into the sanctity of a temporary bedroom.
“Stay.”
“What was that?” he asks, starting to move. He curls his finger, practically pulling those sweet noises out of him as he beckons them forth. He works him open to that chorus of moans; adding a second finger and soon a third. Castiel stretches him with his fingers as a small pool of precome gathers on Dean’s stomach. Pulling out of him, Castiel leans up and cleans up the mess with his tongue. Dean struggles to raise his head to watch and he groans again. Castiel would never get enough of that sound.
Without another word, Castiel slides down Dean’s body, leaving kisses in wet trails down his torso. He flicks his tongue over a nipple, sucking on the skin there lightly before dragging his teeth over them. Dean hisses and Castiel does the same on the other side. Dean Winchester, the Righteous man, begs for more and Castiel is helpless to deny him.
Castiel couldn’t stop himself from pacing about the room, eyeing the sweating bottle on the table as if it was going to give him any advice. After a few minutes where nothing came to him, no revelations or wisdom, he decided it best to join them in the other room and help out with the procedure. As soon as Dean was good to go, Castiel could hightail it out of here and get back to what he was doing when Sam had called.
Kisses pepper over freckles and tears; steady arms wrap around Dean and hold him there.
“That’s a good idea. I would rather we not get stuck out there tonight.” Castiel concurs. As much as he loves the seasons, he’s not confident they’d survive a night in ever-growing snowbanks.
sound the moment his fingers bury deep in the feathers. It’s loud and guttural and just so fucking beautiful that Dean immediately brushes his fingers through them more just to hear it again. Moans and harsh breaths fall from the angel’s lips as Dean tugs at the feathers, fingers roaming to find all sorts of pleasure points hidden in the avian brush. It’s almost like a game, pushing and pulling and rubbing as Cas struggles to focus his ministrations on Dean’s cock. Dean doesn’t even care about what he’s getting right now with all those fucking
Splayed out and panting, Dean looks like the sky after Castiel finished painting the stars. Once a blank canvas, now a part of the constellations he hung throughout the universe. Freckles dot his skin, begging to be counted, demanding to be kissed. So, Castiel does. He brushes his lips over every fleck of natural ink, runs his hands over his curves and edges. His hand ends up fitting over the raised flesh somehow still branded into his shoulder and something buzzes between them.
He quickly added a third finger and at that point Dean was over trying not to beg. He was fully hard again, precum leaking out onto his stomach at every twist of Castiel’s fingers. Then, he hit a spot; a sweet tantalizing spot that made Dean almost yelp.
Then, Dean’s hand is there, pressing firmly on Castiel’s shoulder. He can’t feel his touch as strongly through his layers, but there’s always a buzz under his skin when Dean’s this close. Castiel imagines that it’s similar to the static hot burn of the whiskey Dean loves; it feels nice.
, Dean all but crumples to the ground. Castiel nearly chokes on air.
“Thanks.” He muttered, eyes downcast now, watching her ministrations.
His other hand instinctively goes to Dean’s shoulder, a steadying hold to ground himself more than Dean. Beneath the layers of fabric, he still feels the presence of his handprint, one left there so many years ago. His grace lingers in it, a small well of power stored as a seal on Dean’s soul. Under his hands, Dean begins to stir. Castiel can feel Dean’s soul reaching out to his grace; he can feel his longing and his want, his desperate attempts to get a good grip on him. Castiel’s grace lingers just out of reach, weaving him together from the inside much like he did after the first time he laid eyes on Dean. He can feel Dean coming alive under his palms and he can see him grappling at his grace for purchase. He wants nothing more than to give it to him; to let Dean take as much of him as he wants. Castiel would wring himself dry if that’s what Dean wished for. He would give every last scrap of his grace to Dean, every morsel of divinity that wretched beneath his skin.
Cas’s arms are around him before he can answer and he is promptly taken out of the mausoleum and back out into the crisp winter air. Ice cold wind licks at his wounds, causing a flare of wicked pain that made his insides burn. Cas leans down so Dean can kneel in the first, clothed knees quickly getting muddied. Despite his suit, Cas kneels down with him.
“Something’s not right here.” Dean hums, kneeling down to pick up one of the tattered pieces. He rubs his fingers over the material, fingertips searching for clues he can’t see. It’s undoubtedly cold and crisp from being out in this weather, and from the look on Dean’s face, he doesn’t gather any additional information from this investigation. “It’s -  Cas, there’s no blood. What the Hell happened here?”
“We’ve just - we’ve got to get out of the wet clothes and into something dry. The fire and blankets should do the rest.” He says, raising his fingers to try to pull off his jacket. They’re still stiff though, and Castiel gives in after a moment of his struggling to help him pull it off. Castiel helps with his other layers too, but Dean doesn’t start to reach for his soaked jeans.
“Ready to hit the road?” Deans asks, loading up the purchases from the night before into a backpack he had stored in the trunk. They’d need it as soon as they were parked somewhere on the outskirts of the woods so it was best to prepare it beforehand.
“Cas!” It comes out in a desperate rasp, a gasp, a prayer. Cas just smiles into his skin and keeps on. Dean struggles to breathe, struggles to keep himself contained within his body. He was sure he was about to leave this plane of existence from just a
“No, you don’t.” Dean volleys.
It takes him much less time than it did to find him to get them home. The water dripping from Dean’s clothes has thoroughly soaked Castiel’s by the time he opens up the front door and gets them both inside. The fire is still going where he left it and as soon as the door is closed behind them, Castiel can hear that he is shivering as well.
“But I meant it.” Dean said finally. “I love you, Cas. Have for a long time.”
Dean doesn’t seem bothered by his delayed arrival time, however. “Sounds good, Cas. I’m still on the way myself so I probably won’t get there too much sooner than you. I’ll send you the details and see ya there. Thanks, Cas.”
of the lock falling shut not long after, there’s only a second, a brief rush of air between them before Castiel has Dean pushed up against the hard patterned wall. His hand rests behind his head to cradle him and keep him from harm. Dean huffs out a sharp curse that melds into a moan that Castiel catches with his teeth.
Castiel does as he’s told. His eyes squeeze shut and he ignores the rustling of fabric. He thinks instead of his own wet clothes and wonders if he should be doing the same.
Castiel hums and places soft kisses in his hair, unable to keep the grin from his lips. Amazing is an understatement. He’s pretty sure they left this plane of existence.
you. Could… could I see you, Cas? Was that you?” Dean is looking up at him, eyes stormy and unreadable but brows knitted together in unmistakable concern. His hand is twisted tightly in the soft white fabric of his button-up. Castiel could feel the warmth that radiated from Dean’s hand where it gripped above his hip, and for a single selfish moment, he closed his eyes.
Dean’s chilled lips connect with his own and -
“Fuck, Cas, I want-” Dean stops himself and screws his eyes shut.
“I’d say fingers crossed there’s something up there, but I can’t feel them enough to cross them.” Dean huffs out, a nervous laugh fleeing his mouth. It pains Castiel more than the cold.
Dean comes harder than he’s ever came in his entire life. Cas rips it from him like it’s his and
Dean sighs with content as the flames begin to heat the room, slowly but surely bringing the colour back to his face. “‘Thanks, Cas.” He says it quietly as he softly rubs his hands together near the flames. The feeling in his chest doesn’t go away but Castiel decides to take a seat beside him and soak up some of the heat for himself.
By the time they come down and Castiel slides his hand off of Dean’s shoulder, returning them to the colours of this world, their breath is returning. His air is Dean’s to have; his body, his Grace, all of it is Dean’s.
Castiel has touched Dean’s soul, has stitched him back together from ragged shards left scattered in Hell. He has held his being in the palm of his hands and encased that light underneath his skin once more. He has redecorated his skin with constellations of freckles and freed him from his scars. Dean is warmth; he is the sun personified. He is everything that is good; the embodiment of hope and love. And he could never love Castiel the way that he loves him.
Conversations drift, floating from yesterday’s activities to the case to Sam and Eileen and back to yesterday. When they sit near the fire, Castiel keeps Dean close. He isn’t sure what it will be like once they’re out of this place, whether Dean will change his mind about all of this, so he keeps him close while he can, just in case. He presses kisses onto his hands, along the freckles on his shoulders and the ones dusted across his cheeks. He tells Dean he loves him and he revels in the way that the fluttery feeling finally settles in his chest.
Dean however, did not want to talk about the hunt. “Do you think I wanna talk about all that when I finally have you here? Cas, I’ve been wanting to tell you this stuff for years.” He blurted, a nervous laugh following immediately after his words. “You know what? I don’t even care that I got cursed, because you’re here. I don’t care because I’ve always been too much of a pansy to say this shit and I know it. But Cas, I-”
“Cas,
“Dean.” Eyes open, they get lost. Dean’s gaze weighs on him, pulling him from grace to sin. It should be blasphemy to want this, but his grace longs for Dean and by the look he’s receiving, he no longer has to deny himself this.
It’s just as dark as when he left it, but the room feels much warmer now that he’s been outside. He tries to step quietly, to slip under the covers of his bed without a sound, but the creak of the mattress when he returns to his place gives him away. Dean turns over, eyes barely creaking open as he swipes the back of his hand across them. Castiel sighs.
.” The smirk can be heard in his voice and if he had been standing, Dean would have fallen to his knees right then. He moves just slightly, an adjustment of his hips that sends those achingly wonderful bursts of pain through his body.
“Why, ‘cause of that girl? Didn’t really tell us anything new.” Dean flips the page, eyes scanning over the options as if he’s going to order anything different than his usual diner meal.
want him. There must have been more to that sentence. Something like, ‘I want you to go away.’ or maybe ‘I want you to give me some space’ or perhaps even ‘I want you to just leave me alone already.’. Yes, those were far more likely.
Dean looked straight at him, as if he could see through him.
Cas’s hands come from his wings, covered in his own oil, and smear it all over his own cock. Dean watches with bated breath as Cas lines up where his fingers had just been buried. When he presses in, Dean has to struggle to hold on, to not shoot thick streams of come all over himself before they’ve even enjoyed themselves. Cas pushes in agonizingly slowly and damn it, it hurts
“No, Cas, that’s not what I meant.” Dean admitted, bravely standing up from the bed and striding over to hover right in front of Castiel. “I meant I should have been stronger and not said it like that. It was shitty of me to do that under a curse. I should have said it sooner. I should have waited until Rowena fixed me. I could have done this a million different ways but I never meant for it to be like this.”
“Dean,” he starts, his voice much softer now, “was that okay?”
~*~*~
He pulls the bed closer and ignores Dean’s look as he instructs him to get settled. Dean does, shifting from the floorboards onto the mattress, hands careful to keep the blanket wrapped tight around himself. The mattress has got to be warmer than the floor; it
“Dean!” he yells, eyes trained on the tall man in front of him. His eyes are wild, bloodshot and dilated like he was just presented with a prime slab of steak. The sound of his voice wakes any who had managed to stay asleep thus far and the gravity of the situation sets in.
Now though, back in the bunker, Dean was struggling to hold his tongue, no doubt afraid his lashing out would be worse than normal. Sam didn’t really want to hear it, but knowing Dean
“Why’s that?” he prods further.
shouldn’t be here. Rustling leaves from distant trees break the silence intermittently, swaying their attention away from where it should be. Dean’s got eyes on the mausoleum, Cas’s eyes should be the one grazing over the tree line at the edge of the cemetery. He breaks to glance where the most recent shuffling of leaves came from anyway, but sees nothing.
“We’ve pretty much got it, sweet.” said Rowena as she began dumping particular amounts of each item into the wooden bowl according to whatever was written on the pages of the open text beside her. “The caster was just havin’ a wee bit of fun. It’s a fairly simple truth spell, it’s just an old one.  Not a common one you’d find in any old book. Lucky for you boys, I’m old enough to know it. This should do the trick nicely.” She was grinning as she worked, taking pride in what she does. Soon, all the items were in the bowl and she began chanting some strange sounding verse.
“I love you too.”
“That was… Cas, that was amazing.”
“Do you know who did this to you?” He chose to ask, an attempt to get Dean talking without straying into uncharted territory.
Dean turns over and Castiel is lost. His nose is still pink, but it almost touches his own. His lips are still blue, but they’re better now. He smells like the earth and the sun, like the Garden in it’s perpetual Spring and like the crisp air of a Winter morning. Dean is the seasons as they change, beckoning Castiel to watch and fall in love.
“Cas?” It’s more choppy than before, wavered by unmentioned tears.
“I will stay as long as you’ll have me.”
“What? I - Dean, I-” he can’t find the words, can’t stitch them together from the ripped fabric letters on his heart.
“Then what?”
He swallowed hard and followed Dean. He stepped lightly, the echo of their footsteps only adding to the silent tension as they made their way to the bathroom. Castiel stood in the doorway as Dean washed his hands in the sink, avoiding his gaze in the mirror. The rushing of water was the only sound occupying the room. Castiel cleared his throat.
am going to defile
“What’d you do that for?” he asks as they turn their backs to it and head off towards the trees.
“I don’t think I’ve been more sure of anything in my life, Cas.” He laughed. Castiel took that as the brightest green light he could get and rubbed the lube in his palm onto his fingers.
In the kitchen, there are cans of food, likely long since expired, but still probably consumable if necessary. The stove appears to be from the 70s and Castiel doubts it would work even if the rest of the building was up and running anyway. The fridge is old too, cold only due to the air filling the cabin and not from it fulfilling its purpose.
“Dean, you don’t have to tell me anything. Why don’t, uh, why don’t we talk about your case? What um, what happened before the whole curse thing?” Castiel was desperate to steer the conversation away from himself and towards literally anything else. He so badly wanted Dean, wanted him to want him in return, but the last thing he wanted to do was accidentally make Dean say anything he would regret. He wanted Dean to love him, but if he did, he needed him to tell him because he wanted to, not because he had to. Castiel was well and truly between a rock in a hard place here.
Castiel dips down again, pressing a soft kiss to Dean’s cock and making him shiver. He was going to savour this. He uncaps the purple bottle and squeezes the lube out onto his hand. It only takes a moment to slick up his fingers. Lips still placing small kisses, Castiel lets his slicked fingers brush against Dean’s hole.
He’s a begging mess and Castiel wants to taste him too bad to make him wait any longer. He takes him into his mouth and swallows him down.
“Dean, if I’ve overstepped-”
“You’re warmer now.” He observes, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and holding him close. Dean huffs out a breathy laugh.
“‘Was hopin’ you’d say that. Got a case over here in Michigan right now. Sam’s already working something in Nevada with Eileen and I could use the help if you’re up for it.”
“Yes, I am pleasantly surprised with the outcome of this curse.”
, Cas! Shit…” Strings of curses fell from his lips as Castiel picked up the pace. He pounded into him, wanting to hear every step of Dean coming completely and wholly undone. He was panting, labored breaths tearing from his lungs as he pushed into Dean over and over again. Quieted moans filled the room with the sound of Cas’s balls against Dean’s ass. It was getting all too much; Castiel could feel it in his abdomen and he pressed in closer, latching onto Dean’s shoulder with his teeth as he thrust into him. His other hand, the one not intertwined with Dean’s, came up and wrapped around Dean’s dick, matching up the jerky movements of his hips with the pull of his fingers.
Castiel hesitates a moment, but still shucks off his trench coat and suit jacket. The tie and undershirt follow before he strips off his shoes and pants. He doesn’t know whether Dean removed his underwear or not, but Castiel leaves his on despite how wet they are.
“I love you, Dean.”
Dean talks about the case; how, based off of the piece printed in the paper, it was likely to be vampires but that he wanted to check the victims to be sure. Vampires were always Dean’s favourite, so when Dean had asked him to accompany him on this one because his brother Sam was already with Jody and the girls assisting on their own hunt, Castiel agreed. He would have agreed regardless of the monster, but Dean always seemed just a little more at ease when it was vampires and Castiel lived for the rare moments that Dean smiled.
Dean is alone, in the snow, in the night, in the woods that could potentially harbour a monster looking for dinner and Castiel
“How could it? It may be the same process, but it has never once looked exactly the same. Autumn is the most beautiful thing;” he pauses, “well, almost.”
“Yes... and no.” the man smiles. His teeth are mostly rotted, some gone entirely. He can feel Dean shiver from across the room. “
“You -” another laugh, “nevermind. Here.” When Dean lifts his head from the table, his cheeks are pink and for some reason Castiel’s stomach flutters at the sight. He grabs the paper he had left on the top, handing it over with a grin to match his own. “There’s been reports of people going missing around here lately. It’s been a while since we’ve seen one, but it could be a Wendigo. It’s the tourists that are disappearing though; I’ve only spoken to a few locals this morning, but most of them said the same thing: everyone around here knows not to go out there. None would tell me why, but I think the woods are a good place to start.”
“Fuck…” he rasped, “Cas, you gotta move.” Dean had a soft whine to his voice and Castiel was sure that if he could get drunk, that alone would do him in. So, he moved. He curled the finger buried in him until Dean was squirming and near begging for him to add another. He whined again when Castiel removed the finger long enough to add more lube. To make up for the loss, Castiel pushed two fingers in, curling them until he was sure Dean was going to come undone in his hands. He was whining and whimpering, moving his hips to feel Castiel in him.
“I’m not sure how I can be of assistance here then, Sam.” Castiel says, meeting Sam’s tired eyes with his own. He was tired, as was happening to him more and more lately, from the drive.
, Cas- Oh, my God.”
“I love you.” Dean says, reverent. There’s sleep in his voice, but he’s trying to hold on.
Dean’s soul just as clearly as he could when he met him in Hell. He had left a piece of himself with Dean when he sewed him together and under the palm of his hand he can feel how they’ve settled together behind Dean’s ribs.
In the morning, when their clothes have dried and the bag is packed, they step out of the cabin and back into the snow. It’s still deep, coming up to their knees when their feet fall through and unfortunately, it’s too much to make the trek back down safely. When they look to the sky, it doesn’t threaten to add to the banks, so all they can do is hope for a warm afternoon.
“Dean?”
“I needed them for you.” Castiel tries to keep a steady hold on his voice while his whole body shivers under Dean’s soft touch, but it wavers anyway.
The plunge of the blade into the demon is almost like a climax of sorts. Not exactly like sex, but there’s a rush of adrenaline and endorphins that he just can’t get anywhere else. The corpse sputters out a groan and flickers out of existence, discarded body crumpling to the floor with the others. Dean let out a shaky breath, unable to hide the grin.
The air around him whips and whistles, puffing around his chapping lips in small clouds. He can feel the cold in his fingertips now and can see the bits of ice forming on car doors in the lot. After another moment of reprieve in the sharp press of night, Castiel relinquishes himself back into the room.
Dean laughed. “Did you- Did you just
Dean returns his gaze to the door of the mausoleum which, unless he just hadn’t noticed it being that way for the last 20 minutes of their stakeout, was now ajar. Breath catches in his throat for a brief moment as the familiar waves of fear and adrenaline rush down his spine. He shakes his head.
Somewhere below the surface, Dean must feel it. There’s not a single thing to be said, no words strong enough to portray his thoughts; no poems or verses that capture what he feels. Yet, he is sure Dean knows. There is no way to hide his desire from Dean, not with his grace lingering so close, barely touching Dean’s soul.
There’s a wetness against his chest, but Castiel doesn’t say anything. Dean shakes against him and Castiel just holds him tighter.
And just like that, everything Castiel had feared about a confession before they had spoken them was coming back to bite him. Dean felt guilty, but now so did he.
“Huh.” Dean says, picking up his burger. “What gave us away?”
“Fuck, Cas, yes I want this-” Strong fingers catch under his shirt and tear it off in one swift motion, effecting cutting off any other thoughts that were going to spill from his mouth. Stale air presses against the broken ribs and the torn apart flesh there and it should hurt,
Dean brings the oil covered fingers to his battered lips, slowly rubbing them over their cracks like a balm before shoving them in his mouth. Cas’s breath hitches at the sight and there was no way to hinder the quick upturn of his lips. It tastes heavenly, floral and heady and sweet. Cas watches him with the utmost attention, unblinking and focused. Dean could revel in that gaze for eternity. In fact, he just might.
Dean grins when he returns to him, his whole body seeking to be closer to Castiel’s.
Dean parks and hops out quickly, Castiel watching as he runs around the front of the car to come up to his side and pull the door open. It’s cheesy and cliché and Castiel can’t stop smiling as he steps out of the car and puts his hand in Dean’s. He leads them inside and with the place being almost empty, they get seated right away.
- you’ve got to - I’m -”
Castiel takes another step forward, wings raising behind him as he walks. He stretches them out, feeling the pull of tender healing wounds. They fill the room behind him, darkening the room despite the feeble attempts put forth by the dingy motel light. Castiel slips his hands in his pockets and when he comes up just in front of Dean’s trembling figure, he bends, lips so close to the shell of his ear.
Sam sighed again. He really didn’t want to deal with Dean right now; he just wanted to get this fixed already. Suddenly, a sinister thought popped into his head, stopping him from waltzing out of the room to call Rowena and forcing a sly uptick of his lips into a grin.
, and the other rests just under his ribs. Pain flares from them under Cas’s touch but then he’s staring, wide-eyed and undone as Cas lifts his now bloodied hand to his lips. Cas’s tongue laps over the red syrup there, crimson dots left on his lips for later.
ways.
Castiel longs to feel his soul in his hands. He places his hand against Dean’s chest and Dean is breathing out “yes”es before he even starts. Grace extends past his fingers and reaches for the gold of Dean’s soul as his cock hits
“You’re a cruel bastard, you know that?”
Neither of them look at the menu this time and when the waitress comes back around to grab their order, Dean just orders them the same thing. It’s easy, existing this way; close to each other as if they had always been like this. In a way, they have. Castiel knew Dean’s soul, held it in his palms and reshaped it under his skin before he took a vessel to come to Earth. It feels like the world has been set right now that their hands brush together on the table between them.
?” Dean says - only, his lips don’t move. He speaks within Castiel like a prayer, but heavier, louder.
It’s when Castiel looks up, hoping to avoid talks of the case just a little bit longer that he sees them.
The diner is close and it doesn’t take long for a peppy waitress to come by their table, miniature notebook and pen in hand. Dean orders the same meaty breakfast he does at most of these places, and Castiel orders coffee. Sometimes he orders food just so Dean can have more, but with their next destination being a morgue, he finds that this is not one of those times.
“I couldn’t sleep,” he starts, “but you can, so go back to doing that.”
It was like his brain hit an override button. Some inner glass protecting that switch shatters at the sound of Cas’s broken voice, a whimper in the dark, and Dean subconsciously flips it.
“I’m sorry.” Castiel says softly, more to the fire than to Dean. He means it for Dean, of course, but to direct it towards the flames is easier, safer.
The device buzzes in his pocket, leaving a prickly static feeling in his fingertips when he presses the button to accept the call. He doesn’t need to read the screen to know who it is.
“How sure are we that it is a ghoul in the first place, Dean? We did rush into this one. Maybe it’s something else.” offers Cas. He’s got this strange look on his face and for a moment, Dean isn’t sure what it’s about. Until, of course, the familiar stench of sulfur hits his nostrils.
“Cas, please, c’mon, just-”
“Cas-” Dean pants, knocking his head back against the wall to gain room to breathe.
Both Dean and Castiel watch as another man walks into one of the stalls and returns with a man- no, this one is definitely a vampire- bound by his hands. Despite the creature’s predicament, he smiles at them.
Castiel turns, scanning his eyes over the ground. There are broken twigs, fallen branches, all those decaying dead leaves that firmly remind him of the season, but there’s no sign of life. There’s almost no sign there ever
Freed, the vampire takes a few quick steps forward towards Castiel. Castiel takes another deep and unnecessary breath; this would be the easy part. The vampire surges forward and Castiel blinks to the side, movement spurred by unseeable wings. A step out of the way, Castiel firmly plants his knee into the stomach of the beast, causing him to double over just long enough for Dean to close the distance. The vampire doesn’t even know what hit him and as quickly as that scene started, it ended. The severed head rolls onto the dirt and a stunned silence fills the room.
But he was wrong. Spring’s fresh air and new life can’t hold a candle to the way Dean feels in his hands. Summer’s bright green seems dull in comparison to the clear sky burn of Dean’s soul. Autumn’s auburn leaves, brittle and bright when they return to the earth, are merely a part of the ground that he pulled Dean from when he raised him from Perdition. And Winter, Winter’s dead cold and tranquil white snow is what almost took Dean from him, only to hand him back for Castiel to finally get to keep.
“Cas…?” his voice is quiet again, small as it sounded before this whole night went sour. It causes something to ache in Castiel’s chest again.
‘Dean…” He moaned, pressing in further.
“Cas, please.” his voice sounds so deliciously broken.
He laid there for a minute, and Castiel happily soaked in Dean’s afterglow. With the taste of Dean on his tongue, he could stand to be a little patient now. Then, Dean shifted them, laying down on the bed the proper way and pulling Castiel on top of him.
Silence fills the air, heavy. Dean clears his throat. “Is there, um, anything I can do to help?” he asks, looking up through his lashes at Castiel from across the room, motioning to the disparaged wings at his back. They would heal on their own, faster if he tucked them back out of this plane, but something kept them here. It was like Dean couldn’t take his eyes off of them and he had this urge to keep them around.
