“I know.”
“It is, but my mate and I are equal partners. We manage quite well.”
Hastings hesitated for a while longer, clearly weighing his options. “I’ll give you an additional 24 hours, then I’m sending the ambulance back for you and you’ll move him regardless, is that clear?”
“John.”
Emily’s eyes widened. “Can we LIVE HERE?!”
Hastings nodded. “Well, then. You have a weapon?”
“I imprinted on you before the Androtheryn took hold, and somehow you managed to overwhelm my suppressants altogether. And we have shared a season. We’ll have much more control than we would have had otherwise, and our cycles will be stable, but as long as we keep doing…this…the answer is yes,” John replied, noting Sherlock’s furrowed brow. “Is that okay?”
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked down into John’s face.
where you are. Don’t move!” He reached instinctively for John, willing his omega to trust him.
He shook off his reverie and took up his bow.
“An excellent effort,” John rumbled.
Sherlock padded into the kitchen with his empty cup. The kettle wasn’t on. Why wasn’t the kettle on? He’d asked John for more tea ages ago. Where
“And what is this? You’ve started without us?”
“Oi! Hold up. Wait for me,” Greg called, chuckling.
John held up a hand. "Kit’s craving Sherlock, Mycroft. I don’t know if he can go on much longer like this.”
With a huff, Sherlock swept from the room. He could hear Lestrade chuckling behind him, but refused to look back.
“W-what do you need?” John breathed, kissing Sherlock. “Tell me what you need.”
John smirked; clearly gratitude did not come easily to the younger Holmes. “All right, then,” he said. He retrieved his pen and clicked it. “Let’s get started.”
John’s lips were thinner than Sherlock’s, but they were warm and so certain and they slotted so pleasantly together against Sherlock’s mouth. John teased and tasted, each tender nudge urging Sherlock to part for him, to open up and let him in. And Sherlock did.
“This is highly unorthodox.”
“Yes, I do. Really love you.”
Sherlock kissed a trail down his neck and over his shoulder. He gently withdrew and sat up. “I’ll make it better. Promise.”
John reached clumsily for the edges of Sherlock’s jacket, so Sherlock did likewise. Somehow, with a minimum of awkward arm twisting and giggling, they managed to get them both off. Sherlock slid both palms up and over John’s chest with an appreciative sigh before making quick work of his tie.
Or was she.
“An apology. It’s all true.”
“John, I’m…I’m glad you were there. On the platform.”
When he finally alighted and stepped out onto the pavement, the light was beginning to fade. He ignored the encroaching dusk and began to walk. He stared up into the windows of the buildings as he passed, trying to imagine Sherlock’s face in one of them.
“Dr. Awiti,” Sherlock greeted her. He took John’s hand, whether for John’s benefit or his own, he wasn’t sure.
It was a quiet night in Paddington Station.
Mary held a chair out for John and waited.
“Okay.”
“What is it? Are you all right?”
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock rumbled, looking deep into John’s eyes. “Please.”
Sherlock sighed. “I suppose. God, he’s going to be insufferable from now on, isn’t he?”
John sighed with relief and buried his nose in Sherlock’s neck, drawing in as much as he could of the lovely scent. “It aches, Sherlock.”
John sobbed and grabbed fistfuls of the back of Sherlock’s blue shirt as he buried his face in Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Mr. Holmes, this is to inform you that I, Officer John Watson, will be conducting an intimate search of your person due to reasonable suspicion that you may be in possession of narcotics. This room is under surveillance, for your protection and for mine, and Officer Ames will act as witness to ensure that your rights are respected throughout the search process. Do you understand?”
“No,” John chuckled sardonically. “I think I know what I’m getting.”
John turned to admire Kit’s masterpiece. “That is marvellous, Kit. You’ll have to get Papa to take a picture for Uncle My, hmmm?”
John brushed a thumb over Sherlock’s bruised cheek. “Yeah,” he whispered. “Me, too. When I set out for the train last night, I could never have imagined…this.”
And then it began: piercing, debilitating pain in his chest and abdomen.
Holmes’ face grew red. “This. Is. RIDICULOUS!”
“Nothing,” Sherlock said swiftly.
“Damn right it is.”
“What you’re suggesting would cost me my license.”
He backed into his toy, easing himself onto it inch by inch.
A former city boy moved to the seaside with his wife of at least ten years and one child. City Boy was having an affair with his secretary (boring) and his wife had taken up dancing and prescription drugs. The child was eight or nine and clearly bright, but suffering from bullying at school. She wouldn’t last much longer by the look of things. Sherlock was considering saying something to someone when John tugged him into the small pantry to tell him Michael had just confided the family was moving because their daughter needed a fresh start. All would be well.
“Thanks very much. You weren’t so bad yourself.”
John sucked hard at the tender flesh of Sherlock’s neck. He nibbled, gently at first and then biting into the sharp relief of Sherlock’s clavicle. Coming up for air, he stared down into the crystalline eyes he loved. “You are so beautiful.”
John shook his head, bringing one hand up to caress Sherlock’s cheek. “It’s very, very good. We…we should have done this—”
“Oh,” Kit said, nodding knowingly.
He undid Sherlock’s trousers and tugged them, along with the simple black briefs beneath, down over Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock flushed as his penis bounced free and strained upward toward his belly.
“Thanks, mate,” Greg said, his voice a little thick. “Thanks.”
John rolled to his back and shook his head. “Do you understand that you won’t be allowed to just get distracted and bugger off to do an experiment or chase a serial killer? That you won’t be able to keep toxic chemicals or body parts in the flat? That you will have to learn to be civil to headmasters and school counsellors and paediatricians? That you will have to turn your phone off and sit through school pageants and recitals? That you won’t be able to spend an entire advance cheque on bespoke suits because our child might need braces, or tutoring, or—god forbid—something more serious?”
“Are you all right? Have you fallen in?”
Jeremy shook his head. “I think we need a cardigan here, don’t you?”
want to kill you for revenge. Jimmy was terrifying, but he was my brother.”
“Sherlock.”
“Why not?”
“It’s dangerous.”
“He was a rubbish big brother,” Sherlock replied, glancing in Mycroft’s general direction.
“Maybe,” John sighed. He turned and snuggled down into Sherlock’s side, returning his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and pressing his cheek into the side of Sherlock’s head. “But I don’t think I can take any more secrets.”
“Oh, god,” Sherlock groaned. He glared at his brother, who’d made a terribly satisfied gloating noise.
“Hello,” Sherlock said warmly. He attempted a casual smile.
"Our honeymoon," Sherlock said.
What the hell was the matter with him?
Sherlock’s face was etched with pain. His skin and the whites of his eyes were tinged with yellow as a result of the jaundice brought on by the stress to his liver. It made John’s already heavy heart ache.
Sherlock relaxed into Johns body, giving in to the impulse to place his head on John’s shoulder. John’s arm curled around him and dug into his hair. Sherlock’s toes curled and he bit his lip on a moan of pure pleasure.
John heaved himself up, knees cracking, and worked the stiffness out of his shoulder. He started toward the bedroom at the back of the flat. As he passed the kitchen table, he gestured back toward the sitting room and the package that was still sitting on the floor beside his chair.
“That’s…good.”
“His heart?”
“I know. Mycroft’s told me.” John pushed to his feet and reached down to help Sherlock up with the baby in his arms. “He’s prepared a safe house for us. We can leave once the sun goes down again. For today, we have his private apartment down here at our disposal.”
"You're very sweet," John purred, winking.
“I reeeeeally am,” John drawled.
Sherlock nodded, pressing his chest against John’s deft fingers. “Please,” he squeaked.
Until it wasn't.
Sherlock nodded, not looking John in the eye. “I think Mary targeted you because of me. It’s my fault.”
He feasted his eyes on Sherlock’s familiar form—stunned that after years together, he could find his alpha as achingly attractive as he had the day they first met. Though John rarely thought about their age difference, sometimes it was brought home when he realized how much Sherlock had changed from the very young man he had been when they bonded. Age had given the boyishly lean frame some wiry tone and his limbs were taut and shapely. The dark hair on his chest, while still sparser than on many alphas, had filled in a little. The laugh lines John had once foreseen had begun to form around the changeable eyes.
“What, now?”
“I’ve looked in all the usual places; his PA is trying to track him down. I don’t know why, but I thought he might have come here.”
“John?” Sherlock called, still a little groggy.
“Y-yes…mmm….I need…”
Sherlock rounded on Mary with fury, digging his fingers into her throat as he shoved her back into the wall. “Don’t you ever speak to him or about him again. Not ever. You duplicitous, evil bitch.”
“Sh-should I…” Holmes voice caught. “Should I remove my trousers now?”
“They’re still on the platform,” John whispered.
When at last Mary opened the door to number 32, John was relieved not to hear or see anything worrying.
Kit had Sherlock’s hair—a scattering of darkish waves on the top of his head—and John’s eyes. It was unnerving, feeling as ill-equipped as he did, to stare into his son’s face and see his own dark blue-greyish eyes staring back at him.
“What is it?”
John swung his shoulder bag up on the elbow-height counter and leaned in. “Yeah, sorry about that. I switched with Dr. Patel late last night. Mary has an appointment on Wednesday and I’d like to be there.”
“I suspect he will,” Janine agreed. “Now that he has you to help him. I’m told it’s a big responsibility, but I suppose that’s not so frightening if things are right and you’re ready for it.” She winked at Sherlock. “Just like love.”
“Not anymore. Dr. Khamir has given you the all clear,” John said, waving a hand in surrender. “But it may take some time for a case to turn up.”
“Steady, love. Ohhhhhh, christ, that’s so—are you going to come for me?”
“A prototype,” Sherlock said casually. “For a virtually undetectable, hand-held nuclear device with enough power to destroy ten square kilometres.”
The young man blinked several times. “You are English.”
“Who, Michael?”
was. Which is yours. If you’ll have me.”
Sherlock stood, wincing with his injuries. He could see the concern on John’s face. “It’s all right. I’m fine.”
“Oh, yes,” John said, smiling.
One of the men moved as though to reach for a weapon, but the taller man beside him stayed his hand. The tall man stepped forward. “You are Captain John Watson?”
“John, you’re being absurd!” Sherlock teased, running fingers through the short, sandy hair. “You’re 28 years old! And look at me: I have burns running down the entire left side of my body, as well you know. I am permanently marred! I’ve had one relationship in the whole of my life — not only because I used to think sentiment was a weakness, but because I’d never found anyone, before Victor, who could tolerate me! Yet here you are. Handsome doctor and war hero, with the kindest and truest heart I have ever encountered. And the best of it is that you want me as much as I want you. I don’t know what I’ve done to deserve such happiness, but I will not let it pass me by.”
John shrugged. “Back to Baker Street.”
He reached for William, who picked him up immediately and placed a kiss on each cheek.
John had been chuckling over the animated way Sherlock related his thoughts about the letters their client had received, and then had praised Sherlock for a (admittedly brilliant) deduction about the origin of the man’s toupee. It had been so effortless between them, like the old days. Sherlock had simply moved without thinking.
“Oh, right,” John muttered, stepping over to undo the lock.
___________________
John cast his mate a puzzled look, but Sherlock merely winked at him and closed the door.
Mycroft studied him in the unflinching Holmes fashion. John wilted under the scrutiny, just as he had when Sherlock had exposed his addiction to danger through the unwitting Billy Wiggins.
Sherlock glanced down at the baby snuggled tightly to his chest. He could smell his own markers mingled in Kit’s scent. And John’s. And he had John’s eyes. “John, he’s beautiful.”
The silence was painful. Sherlock could hear every sound in the room as he waited for John’s reply: John’s old analogue alarm clock, the whisper of a breeze through the drapes over the open window, his own heartbeat.
“Oh, god,” Sherlock gasped. “Oh, god, John. Why do I feel this way? Why does it hurt so much?”
“Probably, but I don’t want to miss out on any of your stories.”
“Keeping an eye on her?” Mycroft nodded soberly. “I will ensure that she is cared for and happy where she is. David had no idea about Mary’s past, if that helps. He’s suitably horrified.”
“Wouldn’t have it any other way,” John chuckled.
Sherlock watched the child with trepidation—they usually cried now. He wasn’t very good with the crying. The boy was 11 years old: ginger, brown eyes, freckles. He’d been seated on a gurney waiting at the back of the ambulance.
“I think you’re a bit of a fraud,” John said almost gently.
John snorted. “I’m not going to get to hear the plan today, am I?”
“I think,” John started. “That this turns you on almost more than you can bear.” He stroked a thumb over one cheekbone. “But I don’t think you’ve ever done anything about it.” John considered this. “Anything at all? I don’t suppose — have you never…?”
“Sure,” John agreed. “Ring me and we’ll sort it out.”
John started, jerking backwards in his chair. “One of my—wait. Ten weeks? Ten weeks? But…ten weeks ago Mycroft was supposed to take Kit out to his grandparents’ while I had my heat. His PA came ‘round herself; said Mycroft’s helicopter had been grounded by bad weather in Scotland.” John blinked several times. “Mycroft Holmes is your baby’s father?”
“Yes. Best be off,” Mycroft said. “Come along, Kit. I’ve brought your favourite building blocks. You can play with them in the car.”
“Hush. No one around to hear me.” John looked up at the ceiling. “So why aren’t we back at the restaurant?”
“Jesus, you feel so good.” John pulled out and then thrust back in, knitting his middle finger to the first as he did.
“Hello, pet,” John cooed, beaming at Drew. “Would you like to come and see your baby sister?”
Sherlock tapped his fingertips restlessly against the coffee cup. “You have questions.”
“John,” he sighed.
John shook his head with a grin. “No, no—sorry. I know you’re just guessing.”
John rose and padded to where Sherlock was standing. “So what are you thinking?”
“It’s…nothing.”
“I hate feeling like this.”
“I think you were just trying to give London a glimpse of your ridiculous backside.”
"In a way."
John schooled his features. “How old are you now?”
“We’re in no hurry,” John concurred, beaming.
Gasping, John pulled back. “Bedroom. Now.”
“What’s all this?” Sherlock asked, helping Kit out of the car. He reached back to take Drew in his car seat from John.
Sherlock considered this. “I don’t suppose I had realized it either,” he admitted honestly. “I’d never really spent any time with children before. Archie is quite an interesting boy. And his little beta friend, Ahmed, is not at all objectionable. They are both quite bright. Very interested in learning. I suppose I hadn’t really understood that children are far more curious about things than adults are. Therefore, less dull.”
John nodded, unconsciously leaning into the other man’s body. He allowed himself to be enfolded, gratefully burying his face in Sherlock’s shoulder as their arms wrapped about one another. He clung to Sherlock, smoothing his hands over the length of the strong back as Sherlock did the same.
“No possibility of a romance there?”
“Stay?” John’s head came up again and their eyes met.
“Sorry, doc. Haven’t seen him.”
said you weren’t gay! You didn’t ever say you were bisexual. You dated only women. I didn’t want to be distracted from the work, though in the end that effort was an abysmal failure. The more time I spent with you, the less important the distinction seemed. You’re part of the work.”
“Yes?”
“Alphas,” John muttered, shaking his head.
They were together in the back of Francine’s Rover. She was busy trying to follow the satellite navigation system’s instructions to the second house—Gutteridge’s place.
“Only six hours until the ambulance returns.”
The young woman grinned. “Anyway, I was just getting my coat when the telephone rang. There’s a lady on the line—says she works with you. Mary?”
John began to tease with a little twist of his wrist on every upstroke. Sherlock moaned again.
The night was cold and they had retired to bed early. Neither of them had felt the urge for any serious lovemaking. Rather they had nuzzled and stroked and kissed until sleep claimed them. Sherlock woke only a few hours later, feeling fully rested, but not quite willing to relinquish the warm bed and his warmer lover for the experiment in the kitchen. No, tonight the only observations he intended to make were about the man with whom he'd decided to share his life and work. The one who now—after years of hopeless dancing about—finally shared his bed as well.
“Are you sure?”
John hummed, rubbing his thumb casually over Sherlock’s knuckles while he watched the city pass them by. “Tell me honestly, Sherlock: Are they going to like me?”
There wasn’t a single word of it that didn’t apply to him as well. Every single recrimination could just as easily have been levelled at Dr. John H. Watson.
“Sherlock?”
John had nearly reached the safety of Sherlock’s room when the alpha caught him. Sherlock tackled him, pitching them both to the carpeted floor. John sighed — he couldn’t help it. The feeling of Sherlock’s body pressing into his back was, perhaps, the most wonderful thing he had ever experienced.
“I see. Is there an issue preventing a bond?”
“Shhhh,” John soothed. He stroked over Sherlock’s back. “I know. Me, too. Feels like we’ve waited for this forever.”
“No, I–can I not be naked first?” Sherlock muttered.
“And I may punch you.”
“Then what—”
Sherlock hesitated. “I just wondered if I might be one day be an alpha role model for someone else. A child of our own.”
“So what were we doing there?”
Sherlock chuckled. “No, that’s farther down; past the Marylebone Road. I took rooms of my own. I wasn’t in England often during the early part of the war, but when I was I required a quiet space to retreat to — to think.” He patted John’s hand. “My landlady is a very understanding sort. I did her a service many years ago and she’s given me a substantial discount on the rent.”
“I don’t understand why he’s here.”
John’s head snapped up. “Sorry?”
Sherlock shrugged again. He had no idea what protocol dictated, and didn’t really care. Not his area. He had John for that.
He’d rung twice (both phones) and texted Sherlock three times. Not receiving a reply immediately didn’t usually worry him. Not receiving a reply after nearly two hours made him twitch.
John looked up as his Canadian CO approached. “Sir.” He turned sharply and offered a salute.
“John, when have I ever claimed to be a good man?”
“Noonish,” Sherlock replied. He was sitting up on the edge of his bed, legs tucked down into the narrow gap between it and John’s own bed. He was hovering, surveying John with a frown.
“You don’t have to go,” Sherlock rushed out. “From 221B. You can stay. I won’t ask—I won’t…”
Sherlock paused in the kitchen, dug a kettle out from behind one of the file boxes by the window and switched it on. He padded out into the sitting room and stopped before the wing-back chair across from John.
The other passengers, who’d looked right through John only minutes before, now grinned at him mischievously as he and his new “friend” joined the queue.
“Oh, yes,” John assured him. “If you really, really want to shoot for distance—which will probably have no impact on your orgasm, by the way—we can probably get you there.”
“Our baby.”
John’s mouth tightened. “What are you suggesting? That I volunteered to do my part to defeat a madman for the thrill of it?”
“Thank you for this,” John said softly, stroking over Sherlock’s back. “It’s been a lovely morning.”
“Same sort of people who’d name a kid Mycroft. Or Sherlock.”
John turned, nearly at the end of the platform and began the walk back to the car where he knew his berth was located. His halting gait echoed a little as he made his way alongside the First Great Western Night Riviera. As he passed, staff emerged from the train and began setting up for boarding.
John dozed, arms wrapped around his upset stomach. He was shaken awake by his escort in front of a pleasant but relatively unassuming townhouse.
He pushed away from the wall, gently guiding John back toward the bed with roaming hands that skimmed over goose-pimpling skin. His mate was chilled. He needed to warm him. “Mine.”
“But…”
“—happened,” John finished for him. “Right.” He leaned back in his chair and steeled himself for the next part of the discussion. “So why didn’t you stop?”
“What is it? Are you okay?”
John started to giggle, a high-pitched giddy noise. “Christ, of course they will. Hardly need three Holmes’ and a DI to figure it out.”
John felt his heart sink. He’d have to find a way to incapacitate her, and for an omega in his condition—well, the odds were hardly in his favour. Unless…
How in the name of all things holy could he ever trust Mary again? Surgery his great, hairy bollocks.
One of a kind.
John stared at their joined hands, still a bit shocked. “What for?”
“Sorry, doctor,” the nurse said softly. “Dr. Khamir would like to speak with you in the family lounge.”
“You are, and you have been,” William said. “But it’s perfectly all right to be sad. To be frightened.”
Now, though, would not be one of those times. Now they were driven by desperate need, long denied.
“Do you…?”
John had no idea why he was so nervous. He fiddled with the white stick where he’d placed it on the bathroom counter and checked his watch. Two minutes to go.
“No. I don’t.” John stopped fussing with his bag and dropped his head. “I’m sorry. Please try to imagine I said that without snapping at you.”
“Fuck me,” he begged breathlessly.
“So you avoid — what did you call it?”
"Knew it was a mistake to show you
In the aftermath of the good news, another delivery (a box of the very finest Cuban cigars) arrives with something quite unexpected: A wedding invitation.
John’s own breathing was ragged and his body was begging for more. He kissed Sherlock hungrily and worked at removing shoes, socks and the uniform trousers Sherlock had already undone. His plain, white boxers followed and he eagerly pressed his newly exposed body against Sherlock’s heat.
“Among other things. I recalibrated the next batch and managed to replicate the effects the suspect experienced. He was the murder weapon, but not the killer.”
“Like I said: The SS are not very imaginative, once you know their habits.”
Fingers gently circled and then slipped inside his dampened passage. Sherlock hummed around his cock as he began to stroke over John’s inner walls. With the added touch, it wasn’t long before John was begging for release. As his orgasm approached, he tugged lightly at his lover’s hair. Sherlock had never done this before and John wanted to warn him.
John chuckled and leaned up to stop his lover’s mouth with a kiss. “We’re okay, love.”
“That was—” he started, not at all sure what it was he meant to say.
“Speaking of potty training—how is that going with Drew?”
John carried her up the familiar stairs, her head nestled on his shoulder. He stopped outside the sitting room, about to turn into Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Not really my business to approve or disapprove,” John assured him. “Only to help you come to terms with what we can’t change.”
Mycroft sighed, gesturing to the large rectangular parcel wrapped in brown paper that was leaning against the seat in front of them. “Our parents asked me to procure something for you.”
Sherlock reached toward John, but stopped just short of touching him. His fingers curled and uncurled in the air with the desperate need to feel John’s comforting solidity beneath his fingertips. “John, please. I don’t know what this is. What’s wrong? Are you ill?”
“Oh, god, please!” Sherlock blurted. “Please, John. I feel…I feel…”
“Are you quite finished?” Sherlock asked blandly.
“Adler. I know she turned your head a bit.”
“Shhhh,” John admonished. “Don’t want to wake anyone.”
“S’for body cavity searches. Don’t really do ‘em anymore.”
Sherlock shrugged.
“The Yan twins. That was a good one.”
John’s fingers withdrew and Sherlock jolted at the snap of leather against itself (John must have folded the belt in half). He whimpered at the cool touch as John allowed it to slide over the small of his back, gently tracing the crest of his bum.
“Is that what all this is about? Why it’s all coming back again?”
“Open the door, John,” came the unnaturally patient reply.
John froze, his back to his host.
“Do you?” John’s voice had gained an edge. Fear, perhaps. He didn’t sound angry. Sherlock knew Angry John, and this was not him.
The lamp was sent flying and a cup that had been left lying about shattered up against the wall.
“You were dead, Sherlock,” John said evenly. “You left me and I…I didn’t cope well. I fell for someone else because she made me feel a little bit alive again, and I was committed to her. Foolishly. Stupidly. And I put us all in danger because I—” John blew a breath out between pursed lips. “Because I was still angry at you. I followed through on my relationship with Mary, because I felt I had to. And because you made it clear...”
Sherlock raised a brow at him.
The call ended and John stared at it in his hand. It never failed—just like their father had done, Harry had a gift for making John feel small and insignificant. And a failure. Always that.
“And two?”
“Then why…?”
"What's the problem?"
Molly cleared her throat. “Do you need me for anything else or can I get back to work?”
John was in their bedroom, trying to keep a squirming Drew from rolling out onto the floor from the portable changing mat on the bureau while he fastened a cloth nappy and reusable cover over his bottom. He couldn’t help but smile at his youngest as Drew took advantage of his now-free legs to grab at his toes. John tickled at the baby’s exposed belly under his little jumper and delighted in his gurgling laughter.
“Thanks. Not for another two days, though.”
John was a doctor and a soldier. He'd seen horrible things—unimaginable suffering—and yet managed to compartmentalize his grief, his fear and his horror in order to get the job done. Lives wanted saving. And Sherlock knew that John felt deeply for each and every life lost. John had reminded him of the dangers of not caring at all.
Sherlock sighed and jumped up on the table. He looked down at his well-tailored button down shirt. “I don’t suppose I’ll get the sleeve rolled up high enough, will I?”
“No. I’m fine.”
“Very well, then. We met for the last time in France…”
“Not right now, but I thought I might be able to help,” Sherlock said, almost shyly.
John’s mouth had fallen open. He blinked helplessly for a few minutes. Sherlock began to panic as the silence grew.
"That's it love," John begged, tugging firmly on his prick as he held Sherlock's mouth to his chest. "Yeah, fuck, yeah. Oh, sweetheart. God, your mouth..."
“Look, I don’t care if we have to go for a case or whatever,” John continued, resting his elbows on the table. “I just want—”
It had taken a while for John to catch on—which was ironic, really. Finally, three days ago, he'd had confirmation that the funny feeling he'd been wrestling with for weeks was actually dread. It was a blow to realize that Sherlock really had been finding excuses (a cold and cough, late nights out with the Yard, insomnia, etc.) not to sleep with him in the bed they'd shared for almost 16 years.
“Right-oh,” she sing-songed as he walked toward his office. “Coffee’s on, if you want some!”
John grinned as he allowed himself to be dragged to his feet. “My pleasure.”
Finally, at half-five he headed down the stairs to meet the cab he'd booked. The drive to the restaurant was not long, but the traffic was heavy. He occupied himself thinking about how he had would frame his concerns to Sherlock about the growing distance between them...and express his confidence that they could find their way back to each other.
“My love has come along,” Sherlock continued, burying his nose into the soft strands of John's hair.
“Yes. The more time I spent with them, the more I came to see the benefit to having children. I liked showing them things. I liked their sense of wonder. It felt…good…knowing I had added something positive to their lives. Their affection was…nice.”
Mary’s mouth grew pinched. “It was my birth name. Sabrina Moran. I was adopted when I was two. I decided to reclaim it when I—”
Kit nodded enthusiastically.
“Oh, John, I’m so sorry.”
He shook his head and swallowed around the lump in his throat. The door swished open and Sherlock’s surgeon entered. Her dark auburn hair was caught up in an untidy, loose knot on the top of her head and she looked weary. Clearly, it had been a long shift.
“Thank you.”
“Never mind,” John sighed. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “After Bart’s, I couldn’t bear being cast as the grieving widower. Not when we weren’t …” He shook his head. “So, anyway, it’s not being gay. Or in my case bisexual, I guess.” John pondered this with a funny expression, as though in saying it out loud suddenly everything in the world had just settled into place.
Sherlock hung his head, twisting his fingers in his lap.
“I shouldn’t wonder,” John agreed.
John sat heavily on the bed, trying to gather enough mental energy to decide what to do with himself all night. Stamford was teaching in Scotland these days. He'd long since lost contact with Bill and most of his other army mates. And, of course, they'd lost Greg in the line of duty in 2024.
John felt inside the pocket and removed the small wooden case he had spotted. He set it on the counter.
John reached out to ruffle his hair. “What is it, sweet boy?”
John shrugged. "Not prosecution, anyway." He looked down at the cupboards before him. “Mugs?
“It isn’t your fault. I understand that you were needed.”
“T-today?” John gasped, grinding his hips into Sherlock’s first gentle thrust. “No.”
“Oh, my god.”
John brought his left hand to his mouth and licked the palm thoroughly. Sherlock mewled at the loss of the touch.
John sighed down the phone. “You’re sure. Because he did say he was headed to the Yard.”
“Tell me what you need.”
“Oh, god, John…”
“Of course it did,” Sherlock said snidely. “It put an end to their investigation, particularly because no one else had reported him missing and the house showed no sign of forced entry or any kind of struggle.”
John thrust once, twice more, and Sherlock could feel the addition of John’s come all over their bellies. They held each other tight as they shook through the aftershocks.
Sherlock flushed with joy as he drove their bodies together—up and back, up and back. He watched John’s every gasp and needy thrust with delight. He was making John feel this. And John was making him feel…
John placed a finger to his lips. “No. Don’t say that. I won’t let you. We may not be perfect, by some magazine’s standard, and neither of us is getting any younger—especially me. None of that matters, because we are perfect for each other. These bodies?” He grabbed Sherlock’s hand and flattened the palm over his chest while he pressed his own hand into the soft, lean flesh of Sherlock’s belly. “They belong together.”
“Hmmm?”
It wasn’t that Sherlock didn’t care for his parents; they had raised him, after all. And sometimes, if he were completely honest, his mother’s coddling was not completely unwelcome. It was just that they always insisted on doing something “fun” while in town. He had never considered any of their selected activities “fun”: Tourist traps, bus tours and popular musicals were not really his area.
Nearly dizzy with want, Sherlock made a sound of disappointment as John finally withdrew. He looked up at John, mouth still open, silently pleading to be allowed more. The lovely tang and salt on his tongue, the musky smell of John in his nostrils.
There was a horrible racket at the door as the ambulance attendants arrived and were directed by the restaurant manager to the spot where John was now panting and groaning.
“Yes, fine,” John grumped, finally catching him up and stopping to place both hands on his hips. He took a couple of deep breaths. “You just have to remember that I am waddling for two people here.
“Sherlock…” John began gently.
“What, decided not to bring everyone with you?” she said peevishly. “Mycroft couldn’t spare anyone or are they all down the pub waiting for your call?”
“My brother has been calling your name for twelve hours,” Mycroft replied with a wry smile. “I don’t think you have to worry about his consent or compliance.”
________________________________
“No. It’s fine. I’m sure Mycroft has informed them that I’m unharmed.”
“Right on all counts,” John scoffed.
When at last he sat back in his chair, Sherlock clucked his tongue. “Your expression does not inspire confidence, doctor.”
“I don’t mean to intrude on the reunion,” Michael began, turning to Janine. “But I’m wondering…would you like to stay and show John and Sherlock your lovely cottage for the show?”
Greg’s mouth fell open.
John and Greg took the stairs cautiously, listening carefully for any signs of Holmes’ fighting. John pushed through the door to the flat first to find his brother-in-law sitting in the middle of the floor.
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand, only just managing to avoid sending his fork skittering across the ancient red lino.
_______________________
Sherlock stared at him for long moments, unflinching and calm. Finally, his eyes crinkled at the corners as he smiled. “I love you, too,” he said, slipping his hand into John's where it rested between them.
John placed his finger under Sherlock’s chin and drew the man toward him. Sherlock obeyed instinctively, his eyes fluttering closed as John drew him into a gentle kiss.
John was finishing up with the last of his patients when there was a knock on his office door.
“Christ, you taste fantastic,” John growled, nibbling at Sherlock’s collarbone as he smoothed his hands over Sherlock’s naked chest. Sherlock didn’t resist as John finished stripping them both and led him to the bed. Their kisses became deeper and wetter as John kneaded Sherlock’s bottom and pressed their bodies together.
“Don’t. Don’t even think it,” John whispered. “We’re safe. We’re safe.”
“When are they going to get around to approving that after-heat pill, anyway?”
John stepped further into the room, moving around the spot where Sherlock had become rooted to the ground. “Janine? What are you—how…?”
“John, I honestly couldn’t tell you what he smelled like, besides cigarettes!” Sherlock ran a hand over his hair. “I’m suppressed, remember? He wasn’t important and I had something on my mind, so I wasn’t paying any attention to him at all…outside of the traces of nicotine. I
John quickly added a third finger and worked Sherlock’s rim as best he could before grabbing for one of the condoms. He tore at the foil packet with his teeth and rolled it into place with shaking fingers. He slathered himself with more lube and rubbed the head of his sheathed cock over Sherlock’s winking arsehole.
"For a while?"
"Look, Sherlock, nothing is ever simple. Or easy, necessarily. But if you are asking if I’m worried about people finding out about us the answer is no." John used the spoon to remove the teabag from his mug and took a sip of tea. "If anything, I'm a little worried about people finding out that it happened so fast."
“Sorry?”
“Good god,” Sherlock muttered.
John snorted. “Contraband. I could add another stroke — ”
Sherlock followed John's lead, shifting with the easy rhythm of Etta James.
The spoon thumped wetly onto the table as it slipped from Sherlock’s fingers. He froze, wanting desperately to look into John’s face and see confirmation there that John remembered, too. He peered up cautiously to find John beaming at him.
“This was the right decision, John. I would prefer to keep the use of my legs, if I can. I am willing to chance it, though I will deeply regret it if anything happens to you on my account.”
“Torture? The SS?” John’s eyes narrowed. “Who
"Where is he?"
John pulled back a bit and they stared at one another. He nodded a bit sadly, trying to wipe the misery from his expression. “I hate this.”
Sherlock stepped away from the desk and pulled something from his pocket. He moved close enough to reach out and hand it to John, but not close enough for a good morning kiss. Not that John needed one. Course not. They were fine without that kind of thing these days.
"I'm really not," Sherlock giggled.
“No.”
and was waiting in his coat. Drew, meanwhile, was in his car seat and well into his afternoon nap.
?” Sherlock asked, pulling back. He put enough space between them so that he could remove his jacket. He let it drop to the floor. He held John’s gaze as he removed his tie and then slowly undid the buttons of his simple white shirt.
"Long-term...?"
Kit turned to his parents for approval, his little face all lit up.
“I can’t. Not now.”
“What for?”
“Shhh,” Sherlock soothed. He bent to kiss the side of John’s neck. “There’s nothing about you I don’t want to see.”
“I know.”
“Thanks so much,” John said, one hand over the receiver of the landline they almost never used.
“I know. I’ll make sure of it.”
“Oh.”
He sat for a moment, indulging in just a few more minutes of self-pity. Soon, though, his need to be clean—and his desperate need for human company—drove him up. He stepped off of the large carpet the bed was set on and onto the smooth hardwood. Sometime during the course of the night, he’d managed to slip his shoes off. He glanced around and noticed that he kicked them off under the edge of the bed.
John watched as Kit picked up another spinach leaf. “Okay, well, I’ll just enjoy this while it lasts,” he chuckled. He leaned over to kiss his mate’s cheek. “Can I convince
“Dr. Watson is here to see you.”
“They’ll do three houses, like before, with one of them being the mystery house.”
“What’s that you’ve got?”
Their sea-view room was a relatively pleasant affair, with soothing colours, comfortable furniture and a good-sized bath. John was sitting against the headboard with his legs stretched out on the left side of the large, four-poster bed, flipping through telly channels. He was nibbling on some of the complimentary biscuits the production company had left in a basket for them, along with some pleasant-smelling tea.
“What do you mean?”
“Sherl—fuck, you taste so…”
“I can look after your general health and well-being at home, Sherlock, but my license prevents me from treating those closest to me. Besides, you need someone objective. Someone you can talk to about things without worrying how it will make them feel.”
“Em having trouble with it?”
“He just—” John huffed, waving one hand in agitation. “He makes such a point of talking about how we’re partners, and we’re in this together…and then he just buggers off to chase down a murder suspect. Which means I’ve had to cancel my last patient so I can go pick up the boys…” John looked up at Mary and shook his head. “But none of that is your problem.”
He rolled into his lover's body, tilting Sherlock's face up for more kissing. Sherlock eagerly eased back into the mattress, allowing John to weight him down and cover his body. John pressed them together from chest to hip, and kissed Sherlock until he was breathless.
“Oh, don’t look like that,” Sherlock groused, throwing himself back into the couch with a pout. “I’m not a psychopath.”
John smiled as he saw Greg Lestrade getting out of his BMW in front of 221B. “Hello. How are you feeling?”
John rolled over in his narrow bed, trying to find a comfortable position. He was a little feverish and had been lethargic all day. A touch of flu, perhaps.
“Sure?”
“Oh!”
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth turned up. He watched John carefully as he tidied up. “That’s…good.”
“Here,” Lestrade said. He held up a pair of old slippers. “At least these will keep you warm until we can get you…”
John did not return it. He set his bag down with a heavy sigh. He looked anxious. And…
"Oh, you know: married, divorced. Married again, divorced again."
Sherlock began to unravel. He was moaning and muttering nonsense, rational mind hopelessly debilitated by John’s talented mouth. At length, he felt cool air on his slippery wet hole as John pulled away.
“But…”
“Sorry, mate.” Lestrade stopped the car at a red light.
“And your penis,” Sherlock finished confidently.
who comes to resent our family…”
Sherlock shrugged. Laundry had always been John’s department.
“I don’t think he’d thought that far ahead, to be honest,” Janine jumped in. “Impulse control issues.”
“I can’t wait to go home. With you.”
John finished brushing his teeth and swished his mouth out gratefully. After five days without a shower or any other form of basic hygiene, he was relishing the feeling of being clean. He straightened his shirt collar, thankful that Mycroft’s people had thought to provide him with a change of clothes from home.
Sherlock chuckled softly and pressed kisses into John’s hair as he rocked them together. John’s fingers moved immediately to Sherlock’s bottom, kneading and grasping the taller man’s body as tightly as he could to his own.
Sherlock swallowed hard, never taking his eyes from John’s. “John, I don’t know—”
“He doesn’t belong here. You know he doesn’t!”
should have gone straight home, of course. The weather promised to be lovely and he was taking Molly to Richmond for the day. He needed a shower and a change.
“Dr. Watson-Holmes,” she began, stepping toward him with her hand outstretched. “Pleasure to see you again. And thank you for giving me this opportunity.”
John considered this. “Lasagne, hmmm? I’ll see what Papa has to say, but I don’t see why not. Greg, would you three like to join us?”
“Yasmine,” John said, smirking. “And how are you this evening?”
“Yeah, great. Thanks. My wife and I are…well, we’ve had some tough times, but we’re working on it. My son, Henry, is ten now. Loves rugby—spends a lot of time at practice. My daughter, Chloe, is seven. She wants to be Prime Minister.”
John hesitated, not sure whether he’d just been commandeered by a spy or embraced by a madman. Somehow, though, it didn’t matter.
“They seem to be.”
Sherlock continued to back away, both hands fisted in his hair. “I can’t. I keep remembering…”
Sherlock scanned the room desperately for something to help. “We should probably get you sitting. Shouldn’t we? That seems sensible.”
“I’ve missed you, too,” the stranger said softly, his eyes moist with the beginnings of unshed tears and crinkling at the corners with what looked for all the world like a deeply sentimental smile.
“John, will you please listen to me?”
“Yes, Captain?” Sherlock drawled.
“…and when I saw you from the bar, I just had to take a chance and come over. I mean, you’re easily the best looking alpha I’ve ever seen and—” The boy stopped in the middle of his chat-up and looked at John. “Yes?”
“Please, sir,” Sherlock breathed.
John reached down to help Sherlock up from the bed. They stood face to face for a moment, and John reached up to wipe the tears from one of Sherlock’s cheeks. He cupped Sherlock’s jaw, rubbing with his thumb, and shook his head in wonder.
“My omega. Mine.”
John’s slightly worried expression softened slightly. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock backed away and began to wring his hands. “You know that Mycroft has been interrogating a former CIA agent who came in offering to sell them secrets. And that this man first went to Magnussen.”
“How will you be spending it—bottle of whisky and transcripts of wire taps?”
Sherlock sat perfectly still and allowed John to use his mouth. John’s pattern was generous: thrusting several times to delve as deeply as possible and then pulling back, just long enough for Sherlock to get his breath, before beginning again. Sherlock wallowed in the heat that coursed through him at being so helpless — held in place by John’s fingers tight in his hair — and yet having so much power. John’s breathing was ragged, his fingers clenching and releasing in Sherlock’s hair.
“And the offer still stands for you contractors to share office space here,” Mike rambled on, still staring at his phone. “For first meetings and follow up and such, if you like.”
"Well, no, but…" Sherlock trailed off with a pained expression.
He waited for them, feet planted and weapon drawn.
It was a reminder of a brother who went to great pains for him, though Sherlock was seldom as grateful for the attention as he might be.
John jolted awake, Sherlock’s hand clasped to his chest, at the sound of engines in the yard. He consulted his pocket watch quickly and frowned.
“You and Mycroft are getting on well, then?”
"You are to me.”
The kiss was inelegant (clearly Sherlock hadn’t been lying about his lack of experience), but nevertheless captivating in its artlessness. Too much tongue, but sweet, minty breath. A clack of teeth, but an almost desperate searching.
He didn’t. Not really.
John nodded, swallowing hard. “I, uh, yeah. Shoulder.”
John nodded vigorously. “God, yes.”
“He is, though he has been very vocal in his dissent.”
“I can be rude.”
Finally, when John thought he could bear it no longer, he felt Sherlock’s knot testing his rim. He whined a little and flinched, but Sherlock held him fast.
Sherlock frowned. He was, wasn’t he? But what–oh, yes. “Right. I just thought I should ask, given everything that’s happened, if you are still planning to stay.”
They talked for nearly five hours, closing down the wine bar and ending up walking a couple of blocks to a 24-hour coffee house. John relaxed into the evening, feeling the tension ease out of his shoulders at the comfortable rapport he still shared with Jeannette.
“Don’t,” John warned, retreating enough so Sherlock could breath around the considerable girth in his mouth. John gave Sherlock a moment, briefly resting with his cock against the inside of Sherlock’s cheek.
“Because I want you to be somewhere safe and familiar. You’re hurting. You need home.”
“It’s…holy hell!”
Relevant to the work.
“No, not really.” Sherlock shrugged. “So much simpler than the truth, though.”
From the basement, John made his way to A&E where he knew his next contact was waiting. There, in the ward where they kept patients for transfer, he found a ginger-wigged Sherlock on a gurney. He nodded at the orderly (also one of Mycroft’s) who then unlocked the gurney and moved it toward the door. John quickly conferred with the nurse and the attending and signed the appropriate release.
“Dr. Watson? I’ve been asked by Mycroft Holmes to come and fetch you. You’re to make a house call.”
He eased a hand down over Sherlock’s ribcage and hip to cup over the heat of his groin. Sherlock moaned and arched into the touch. John trailed his fingers over Sherlock’s length, looking down between their bodies to watch. Sherlock did not miss the look of surprise and delight on John’s face as he wrapped his fist around Sherlock for the first time.
“Then let
His heart fluttered, and he had the maddest image of Sherlock waiting outside the door to surprise him. He dashed down the stairs, hope leading the way. He threw the front door wide.
“He talks in his sleep, doesn’t he?”
And then Sherlock was there—settling beside him, kissing him, telling him how beautiful he was.
“Are you all right?” John asked, his brow furrowed.
Sherlock was staring again in a way that made John blush as he hadn’t since he was a teenager.
“She’s not
But what if Sherlock had not?
John grunted in frustration and reframed his attack. Sherlock stumbled as John went for his feet, but managed to stay up. They slid into his chair, shoving it back until it came to rest up against the fireplace. With another shift and a dodged right cross, John’s chair was tipped backwards as they rolled over it, each grasping the other’s clothing close to the throat.
“Oh, yes,” their new housekeeper said. “Actually I was about to make my way. Supper is in the refrigerator for when Sherlock and the little ones get in. And I’ve finished the washing.”
As the evening wore on, and the wine and then the cognac disappeared, John began to sink into the loveliness of their fairy tale. He wanted to feel Sherlock—to touch and hold and kiss and make love to him. He needed it desperately, and he could tell Sherlock was receptive.
“Together,” he panted.
John considered this, still holding Sherlock fingers to his chest. “I hadn’t really—I don’t mean to.”
“I’m glad you were wrong about me staying here, though, in the end.” John looked out through the window at Penzance. “It’s charming, I suppose, and it was very good of my mate, Mike, to set me up with a position at his friend’s surgery here. But I’d far rather…hang on.”
For a few weeks, it seemed they were going to be able to work well together. Somehow, though, it had all gone wrong. Something he’d said, no doubt. It usually was.
After several minutes, fingers tightened around John’s hand, encouraging him to stop.
John sagged, covering his eyes with his hand. “Thank you. For that. Thank you.”
At that moment, Sherlock strolled out of the kitchen, still in his dressing gown. He had a handful of freshly washed beakers, which he set back on the shelf before moving to settle into his chair.
There was a hum of approval from the bed.
John sighed at the obvious deflection. “Oh, we could go for a walk by the sea or go visit the ancient village—”
Sherlock stood and stalked toward her, John’s gun in his hand and still raised toward her. “Shouldn’t have been so careless,” he sneered. “Shouldn’t have left this where I could get at it.”
John’s blood ran hot at the use of the word. “Oh, god.”
Sherlock grunted his acknowledgment, guiding John’s fingers to the tip of his cock. “So close. So close. Wait for me…There.
“Oh. Well, yeah. Good. Sure.” John shook his head again and finished doing up his jacket. He nodded at Greg. “See you.”
“I know. There you are, my good boy. Let it all out. Let me make you feel good.” John focused his attentions on the head of Sherlock’s cock.
John’s brows knit together. “Uh, well, I’m just going to give her her lunch and let her have a nap. Not terribly exciting.” He turned to Sherlock. “Not sure you’ll want to stick around for that.”
_______________________________
“You teased me about my cheekbones once,” Sherlock replied. “And turning up my coat collar to look cool. Does that count?”
“Yes, Victor. He was a good man.”
John hated the deception and he’d struggled to maintain the illusion of forgiveness. Thankfully he’d been able to get away without the betrayal of physical intimacy. Mary’s pregnancy had become uncomfortable enough that she preferred sleeping alone.
John sighed and reached for the kettle. “I’ll take that as a no.”
“Mfffmmm…John,” Sherlock struggled to get out finally.
“’Course not,” Janine replied cheerfully. Before Sherlock or John could think to respond, she’d raised her gun and fired at John.
Sherlock tried not to look too pleased. He shrugged. “I, uh, just thought—you know with everything going on today…I thought you might be hungry, is all.”
“Then will you do something for me, before we are left here on our own?”
“Well, isn’t this a turn up,” Janine laughed. “What in the world are you two doing here? And on this program? Wait, are you…you aren’t really…are you?”
“I’d hoped—well, I was fairly certain you wouldn’t remember.” Sherlock’s voice was small. “I thought, or I suppose I wanted to believe, that it was what you wanted, too. Subconsciously.”
“Oh, don’t hang that there,” he heard John say.
He hadn't seen Ella in some time (not since Rosie had started asking some difficult questions about her mother when she was 13, and he and Sherlock had rowed over what to tell her). Still, he did retain some of the skills his therapist had taught him for communicating. It had never, ever been his strong suit, but he knew that if his marriage with Sherlock was going to succeed where every one of his other relationships had failed, he was going to have to get better.
“Are you…all right?” Sherlock panted.
“John.”
“Indeed.”
“What?” It was all John could manage. He was still in shock.
“Come on, my love. Let me feel you. I want to feel you. Come with me.”
One arm halfway into a sleeve, Sherlock hesitated. “How do you mean?”
“And Sherlock?”
Sherlock turned in his seat. “What I’m trying to say is that I may still forget myself as a mate and a father from time to time. My passion for the work occasionally consumes me, and I hope you will be able to forgive me for that. But I knew what I was getting into. You’re what I wanted from the moment I met you. Our children are everything I could have hoped for and more. Never for a moment should you wonder if I will begin to resent any of you for being in my life, because that is exactly where I want and need you.”
“No. The police don’t consult amateurs. And I’m pretty sure MI6 doesn’t employ civilians on a casual basis.”
“Of course I did. Don’t be stupid.”
“So how did you escape?”
“You’re damn right, not good!”
John left Mary’s house that morning (he could no longer bring himself to call it theirs) at his usual time to go to the surgery. He walked to the tube, leaving the car behind for Mary. He made every effort to look relaxed, even going so far as to put in his earbuds (something he rarely did) and pretend to sleep.
Six hours later, weary and gloomier than before, John emerged from the tube station down the block from 221 Baker Street. The upstairs flat was dark—no sign of Sherlock, unless he was bumping about without the lights on as an experiment. John sighed as he finally reached their door and let himself in.
John smiled, taking Sherlock’s mouth in a bruising kiss. “Lube?”
“Yeah, fine. Just a particularly good kick.” He grinned at John in the mirror. “I think she’s going to be a striker.”
“Hol vagyok?”
They’d never got on, and he’d refused to ask her for anything. Still, she’d seemed genuinely sad to see him go. She’d made a half-hearted offer for him to sleep on her sofa, but they really weren’t on such terms. Even if they had been, he’d have said no. It wasn’t the sort of help he really needed.
It hadn’t been ideal timing: Sherlock was going through a period of disinterest in sex. Which was fine. John had been managing on his own.
“J-John. Oh, god, John…feels so..”
“Come on,” John urged. “This is going to take some time and it’s not going to be pleasant.”
John lifted one hand, inching in the direction of the slender fingers resting on the hospital bed. Sherlock reached out for it, palm up. There was barely a breath of space between them, but it felt to John like so much more.
“Yes.”
“Yes,” Sherlock groaned. “Yes, sir. Please…”
“All—I want all of you!”
John chuckled. “There you go again. My god, you are sexy. And you are going the right way to get shagged.”
Emily nodded vehemently. “Can I keep the Peter Rabbit room?”
Sherlock shook his head. He wouldn’t stop this now. Not for anything.
“Hmmm?”
“Sorry it was on such short notice.”
“And in a few hours, my brother will have Mary’s employer in custody. We will have the last of the network wrapped up. Magnussen is gone. Soon this will all be over, and you and I can resume...or rather, we can begin our lives together.”
Sherlock watched helplessly as his mother kidnapped his husband. John shot him a ‘rescue me’ look over one shoulder; all Sherlock could do was mouth,
“Good. So?”
Fortunately, Jeanette didn’t mind the parental embellishment. She talked equally as sentimentally about her children: son Cashel, 17, and daughter Deirdre, 13. Her son was a good kid, she said—quiet and kind. He still spent part time with his dad, which she was okay with. Her first ex was a decent enough guy and a pretty good parent. He’d just been a lousy husband.
John had called Sherlock names and squeezed his hands until they’d both heard bones moving (for which John had apologized profusely). He’d cried all over his mate and sweated on him and thrown up on him once (a stomach full of naan bread and mango lassi didn’t mix with labour). Still, Sherlock remained steadfast and attentive throughout.
“How are Greg and Em doing?”
“You know, they’ve been bonded for three months. He is officially your brother-in-law, so you could start calling him Greg on a regular basis.”
“I haven’t run since…god, I can’t even think.”
"Our anniversary."
“Uhm, yeah. Here.”
_______________________
“What can I call you?”
There was a long pause, following which John chuckled a little. “Poor Anderson. Wonder whatever possessed him to go along with
. I’m a doctor. The people at the clinics who can help you are sex
Sherlock looked utterly stunned. “All of this—ALL OF THIS—over my relationship with John!? Jealousy? That’s it, really?”
“But the truth is,” John went on, leaning in a little. “The truth is I
A delivery lorry was parked outside and workers in coveralls were coming and going. There were several very large furniture boxes still on the pavement and Mycroft’s PA was on hand to direct traffic. She was joined shortly by Mrs. Holmes, who seemed to be giving some orders of her own.
“He’s decided he’s done. Apparently, he doesn’t like porridge.”
“It’s just—I know you hadn’t planned on having children. I know I am less than helpful sometimes. And neither of us wanted to fall into ‘traditional’ gender roles.”
By the time John returned from the lavatory, the train was gliding to a stop at the platform. John collected their bag and followed Sherlock off the train. As they exited the platform and made their way across the concourse, a young woman began waving at them. She was holding a sign with “Holmes and Watson” written in large block letters.
John turned his head to look at Sherlock. “Maybe we should try a date.”
“There’s something that isn’t quite adding up, though.”
John’s head came up, his moistened mouth still open as he looked up at Sherlock. The man had worried his lip almost until it bled.
“It says ‘Please convey my thanks to my brother, and tell him the next time he puts my operation at risk to satisfy his long-denied sexual appetites, I will have him thrown in The Tower.’”
Sherlock nodded into John’s shoulder, where his brow had come to rest. Inch by inch, he eased his massive cock inside John’s willing body. As far advanced as his heat was now, John required no other preparation.
“Okay, that’s it,” John growled. He stepped out from behind the counter as one of his colleagues approached to help with the agitated passenger. “Sir, I’m going to escort you down the corridor and you will be subjected to an intimate search.”
“Sherl—” John pushed his way through the crowd. “No, let me through. Please. He’s my mate. He’s my alpha. Please!”
Sherlock blushed a little. Hearing John use that word always made him feel a little light-headed. It was so primal. So earthy. He would never say it—he didn’t think he should—but he loved it when John did.
“Perhaps later, Mrs. Hudson. Didn’t you want me to play for you?”
“Hmmm.”
John sat on the edge of the bed, considering his response. Just because Sherlock was sorry it had been said didn’t mean he hadn’t meant it.
Sherlock complied, arms by his sides while John leaned in over him and begun to unbutton his flies. In moments, his jeans were being tugged over his hips. Somehow John had managed to catch his pants as well…
“Nothing,” John said. “Just something Sherlock once told me about Mycroft. It’s not important.” John finished his ice cream and tossed the rubbish in the bin. “It’s good of you two to spend so much time with Kit. He’s so fond of Mycroft and he’s taken a real shine to you as well.”
remember
“Well, nothing, actually. I was just going to see if you had time for a coffee today.”
“Would you like that?” John asked, helping as Emily moved to climb into his lap. “For the three of us to live here together? Papa and Uncle Sherlock helping Uncle Greg, and Gran down the stairs. Would that be okay?”
Sherlock’s eyes fell shut and lost himself to his body’s mindless need to grind from the pressure of John’s hand forward into the hard, hot length of John’s erection trapped between their bodies and back again.
“But you did look, I don’t know. Like you were uncomfortable. Or hurt,” John moved in close and laid a hand over Sherlock’s forearm. “I don’t want you to think—”
“He is.”
Sherlock regarded him with heavy-lidded eyes. “But…”
“Daddy, no!” Kit crowed, setting his milk down on the table and frowning at John.
John peered over Sherlock’s shoulder at the short, well-dressed man before them. There were two more thugs behind him, one at each arm. The man was seated on a large piece of luggage, with his legs crossed. He was dark haired and fairly dark skinned, with a well-groomed moustache, but the accent didn’t sound South American to John.
“He’s in the back,” Sherlock said sharply, turning his back on Mycroft and the goons. He didn’t wait for his brother to nod his approval to the two men—he knew it would happen. Instead, he stared out the front window and listened to the footsteps carrying them into his bedroom.
"Well, I am sorry to hear that. You deserve better."
John grabbed two spoons and set out two mugs. With a quick glance to ensure they were clean, he dropped in teabags from the open tin on top of the microwave. He stepped over to the window and poured in the hot water. “You won’t be doing much cooking in here, will you?”
“Oh, ta,” John chuckled. “Very reassuring.”
And then there was...
“I’m an…entertainer.”
Sherlock was nearly clear when they were thrown forward—the weight of debris behind them as the cottage shattered with the blast. The concussion was deafening, and they all emerged from the smoke a little bloodied.
“John?”
The young man snorted in derision. “The SS are unimaginative when it comes to torture.”
“Now, what did I say about moving?”
“Right, so you’re to take us on to the hotel?” Sherlock asked.
She threw her napkin onto the table. “So you didn’t forgive me.”
John was noticeably hard. And–if the outline in his jeans was anything to go by–HUGE.
Angelo glanced down at their clasped hands and winked at John. “Date night, is it? Come on—got my best table for you.”
“Right. Thanks anyway.” John hung up the phone and slumped in his office chair. The intercom buzzed and his receptionist’s chirpy voice intruded.
Greg’s grin returned. He looked decidedly relieved. “Perfect. Ta. And if you could see your way to not letting him know?” He jerked a thumb in Sherlock’s general direction.
John chuckled, nuzzling into Sherlock’s neck. “I know that, love. So does Drew, apparently. You have to trust me—I will take care.”
Kit leaned in close to sniff at the pile of greens before picking up one of the leaves. He nibbled at it cautiously and considered this for a minute. At length he nodded and took another bite.
John groaned, kissing Sherlock once more before somehow getting them both to their feet. “Your room?”
“You were wrong, Sherlock. Just like the sugar. Good thinking, but...it occurred to me right then that we’ve never talked about it. That I’m bisexual. And if we’d never actually talked about it—
is the one piece of medical advice you took to heart.”
“Touch me,” Holmes whispered.
“Damn it!”
Finally, when he knew Sherlock was beginning to reach his breaking point, John rubbed gently over his prostate. Sherlock crumpled forward with a helpless groan. He waited for John to pull off his cock before he rearranged his limbs to settle back on the bed.
“Well, there’s that.”
“Oh, never mind.” He jumped to his feet and started to pace. “Doesn’t matter. John doesn’t trust me with his child or his…anything else. It’s fine. It’s all fine.”
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed and his head dropped back. He dug the fingers of one hand into John's bicep and the other he busied with tweaking at one pebbled nipple. “Ohhhhhh, John.”
He stood abruptly as the producer and Michael arrived. Introductions were made, and Sherlock found he had to pull a slightly slow-witted John to his feet and prompt him as things got underway. By the time the interview began, John had recovered somewhat. Yet Sherlock caught John staring at him once or twice, looking at him as though seeing him for the very first time.
“And do you?”
"Rana?"
Sherlock looked down into the deep blue-grey eyes that now stared up at him.
Mary’s expression frosted over. “Fine, then. Tell me what you want me to say.”
“No. Sherlock and Mycroft and the British intelligence community believed there was a storehouse of information under Appledore. All evidence pointed to it.”
______________________
“But you do still have options,” Dr. Awiti said. Her expression became very solemn. “If you really don’t feel you can cope with this baby…”
John, for his part, traced the path of the flames down the side of Sherlock’s neck, over his shoulder and then along his ribcage. He had healed very well, but the burns were still an angry colour.
He’d kissed John. Right there at Crystal Palace Station, on the platform waiting for the Southern train to London Victoria.
The paper rustled and the corner folded down. John’s face appeared, still somewhat softened by sleep, and he grinned at Sherlock. “Nothing on ‘Escape to the Country?’”
“You know,” John teased gently, with a nudge of his shoulder. “I won’t lie about flirting, and—I don’t know—maybe you could flirt back.”
Sherlock considered this for a moment. As fresh starts went, it wasn’t so bad. It was subject appropriate. It held some personal value. He could build around that.
“John,” Sherlock groaned, his hold fierce but gentle. “My John. Thank god you’re safe. I can’t…”
“We, uhm, sure. Yes. Yeah. We’re…fine,” John hedged. It looked very much like he was trying to keep from smiling.
“There’s my alpha,” John purred. “I’ve been dying for you to bend me over this bed since Sylvia said the words. ‘Making love’ is a wonderful phrase, don’t you think?”
“Sounds perfect,” John agreed.
What was unexpected was the unmatched exhilaration Sherlock felt with John’s body wrapped around or shoved up against his own. The deep, gnawing hunger that was growing in his belly at John’s panted breath on his face; John’s sweat dripping onto his skin. The urge to clasp John to him and press his mouth to the side of John’s neck was almost overwhelming.
“She was not sane, Sherlock.”
Sherlock sighed heavily. “For no drink.”
“No. God, no. Not like that.”
John was stunned momentarily, too taken by surprise to struggle or to prevent his cane and pack from dropping to the platform. He was surrounded by the man: His dark coat, his long and surprisingly strong arms, and the lingering aroma of expensive tobacco.
John blinked several times, allowing this to sink in.
John glanced up at him with a wicked grin. “Your wish,” he teased and met Sherlock half way for a quick kiss.
Dr. Awiti’s gaze was sympathetic. “I understand. My third was a surprise as well. Does rather take the wind out of your sails for a bit.”
Sherlock trailed behind, pulling his suit jacket off as he walked. He draped it over the back of a chair. “It wasn't a bad case, per se.”
Sherlock frowned as he considered how to frame his concerns. “It’s just…tonight.”
Sherlock was facing away from the door, focussing on the window. John sidled up beside the bed and sat in the chair, patiently waiting for the man to acknowledge him. Sherlock continued to stare out into the gloomy, drizzly weather and refused to meet John’s eyes. John folded his hands in his lap and tried to be patient, though he wasn’t exactly sure where to begin.
“Nope.”
“You are his colleague, his best friend, and now his lo—”
Mycroft was waiting there, nursing a whiskey as he leaned against the fireplace facade.
John shook his head. “I can’t give him what he needs. I don’t even know what it is he
"Anything exciting at the surgery today?"
John leaned in. “Or we could go back to the bed and breakfast and scandalise Mrs. Trevelyan.”
“Daddy?” Kit sidled up to John’s side, watching his two uncles with trepidation. John picked the boy up and cuddled him close.
John cleared his throat with a gleam in his eye. “I look forward to it.”
The woman blanched as she took a good look at John, who was quite obviously in the early stages of labour. “I’m so sorry…please, perhaps we could remove your mate to a quieter part of the restaurant to wait for the ambulance?”
Sherlock shook his head again.
“Oh, my love,” John panted, relinquishing Sherlock’s kisses for a moment. “Oh, yes. Fuck, you feel so good.”
John stirred a little. “Shhhhh. M’okay. It’s okay.”
John turned, taking one hand out of his pocket to grab Sherlock’s hand. He tugged gently.
“The architect’s plans. The house appeared to have been designed with vaults. We had no way of knowing that the plans had been altered after construction.”
“Liar.”
They moved together, awkwardly at first. Trying to find that synch…the rhythm.
“Heatherton was a poet?”
“It was all right?” Sherlock stretched out beside John, trailing his fingers over John’s abdomen.
“I suppose he could, if it were true,” William mused. He leaned back against the door, hands behind his back. “I’ve seen a great deal since you and Sherlock decided to try for a baby. I could tell you were nervous about it, but whatever your initial feelings might have been, well, the expression on your face when you told us you were pregnant could only be described as pure joy. Your pregnancy was difficult for you, but when Sher—” William hesitated, his brow furrowed. “When everything happened, I’ve never seen anyone fight so hard to stay alive and give their child a chance at survival. And the love you have shown him since? You may not have thought you would ever be a parent, but it’s evident to anyone with eyes that you are a good one.”
John leaned in, grasping Sherlock’s unmoving hand in both of his own. He hovered just above Sherlock’s ear.
“Nope,” Sherlock replied, popping his “p.” “As long as none of them are as annoying as Anderson, I’m happy.”
Kit nodded vigorously. He clasped John’s hand, nudging his baby brother to do the same. Drew mumbled something that sounded like “Dada luv” and pressed his little face into John’s chest. John let himself sink into the sofa.
“You are utterly ridiculous,” Sherlock drawled. He crossed his arms over his chest. “I have no idea what I see in you.”
“Look at me,” John said firmly. He took the violin and the bow from Sherlock and set them back on his chair.
His child needed the presence of a family alpha. He knew that. He’d tried using items of Sherlock’s to provide the scenting their baby needed, but that was all fading now. It wasn’t enough anymore. Kit’s distress was becoming acute.
“Oh, don’t worry about me,” Mrs. Hudson cooed. “I was planning to leave tonight for my sister’s anyway. You two have a lovely time. I’m so looking forward to the party!”
“What?” John immediately rolled to the side, taking Sherlock with him in a tangle of sticky limbs. He pushed damp curls from Sherlock’s brow. “Of course it’s real.”
Sherlock nodded awkwardly. He hoped his relief wasn’t too obvious.
“Of course I do,” Sherlock sighed. “Don’t ask questions to which you do not want the answers.”
“Consequences?”
“Get it out.”
“But is that the only reason you come and sit here?”
“Well, no,” John agreed. “But you have let him follow you around for years with his little band of acolytes.”
Sherlock’s voice echoed through the house and rattled off the windows. John began to shake, his body responding to the call of an alpha in rut. He shed his jacket.
“Did you…did you plan a bonding celebration?”
are in it.”
John blew out a heavy breath.
“John, it’s far too dangerous now…”
“You could have done your duty in a military hospital in the English countryside.”
“The game is on.”
“This is what you need, my love. You need my knot. You need my bite.”
“Don’t…please…” John tried to catch Sherlock’s hand before it reached the starburst scar on his shoulder. It was large and still very unsightly.
“It’s more me than you know,” Sherlock said softly. “It reminds me of some of those who mean the most to me. You most of all. A skull hides nothing. Bones laid bare.” He reached for John’s hand. “I can’t hide anything from you anymore. I don’t want to.”
Mycroft could see the strain in his brother’s mate: the dark circles under his eyes were more pronounced and the lines around his mouth much deeper than they had been. His ever-present black jacket had tell-tale stains on the shoulder and his jeans were rumpled—he’d probably just pulled them on from the laundry pile. Hardly surprising, given…
Minutes later, tears nearly abated, Greg sighed and shook his head. “Well, I guess I have a lot to think about. And a lot to do.”
“Of course you do. But I
Sherlock punched the number on his phone and lifted it to his ear.
attracted to you. In
“Should we go to…your room?”
Sherlock cupped John’s face and kissed him again, tasting the salt of their combined tears. It was worshipful, wondering and desperate. He’d known that he would be able to come home one day—once Moriarty’s network had been dealt with—but he had accepted that he might never win John back. One couldn’t cause so much damage without scars.
“Boredom,” Holmes breathed. “My mind is so…full. Sometimes I can’t stand the nothingness of everyday life.”
John giggled, too. “Well, that wasn’t just me.”
John sighed into the kiss and rolled closer to Sherlock. He slanted his lips over Sherlock’s mouth and gently prompted Sherlock to open for him. Sherlock did, desperately, and could not contain the moan deep in his throat as John’s tongue slipped inside.
“Daddy?” Kit said, his voice trembling.
“Your area. I know.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and regarded his companion with curiosity. John stared right back.
John chased his own orgasm, scooping a little of Sherlock’s spunk to use as lube as he continued to rut against Sherlock’s softening cock.
“Yes?” Sherlock asked breathlessly.
“I am aware,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth.
“Would you mind?”
“I didn’t know. I noticed.”
“He insisted he didn’t want to get involved, but that it was for my benefit. That he didn’t want Lestrade losing focus on the work fretting about where his alpha was.”
The words escaped Sherlock’s lips before he could call them back. Every nerve ending in his body was tingling as John stepped through the door to the sitting room. In desert camouflage.
“PLEASE!” Sherlock burst out. “Oh, god, sir—Captain! Please, please will you suck my cock?”
“But you didn’t try to kill me,” Sherlock continued.
“Sherlock?” he called through the door.
“Pregnant omegas are very attractive to alphas, John.”
“I want you to feel good,” John growled, dropping his head until their brows met. “I want you to burn and shiver and shake and come. I want you to come all over yourself. Like...like....”
“More physio,” John grumbled.
“Yes, I realize you probably already know what’s happened, and that you pretty much know where I am and what I’m doing most of the time—except, by the by, when I’m being kidnapped by lunatics to be blown up or cremated.”
Sherlock sighed again. “Christmas.”
“Thank god.”
“Look, let’s just start from where we are, right? Let’s begin again. Together, okay?”
“Internal bleeding.”
“I was,” Sherlock sighed. “It has taken me many months to deal with my habit, and the only thing that kept me going was this.” Sherlock waved his arms around him at the flat. “You see, while I was working in the country, I was considering how I wished to occupy myself in the years to come. After the war.” Sherlock gestured at a stack of documents near the fireplace. “There’s always full-time work for my brother, of course, but I can scarcely bring myself to deal with him in wartime; I doubt sincerely I would be able to tolerate him in peacetime.”
“I—” John swallowed hard, startled to feel his throat tightening and the tell-tale sting of tears. “Sherlock, I
“That satisfied the police.”
“What? No! God, no.” John turned swiftly and drew Sherlock into his embrace, knocking the laptop off onto the sofa cushion. “Oh, god, I’m sorry. Is this why you’ve been so quiet the last few days?”
“No. Though of course it did prompt more…dominant…behaviour.”
“Sherlock,” John panted. His legs were beginning to shake with need and the smell of his alpha in the room sent John’s head spinning. “Need you. Where were you? Thought you were going to leave me alone.”
Francine led them to a silver Land Rover and unlocked the doors. “You’ll meet with the producer and the presenter first thing in the morning. We’ve got Michael back again!”
“What about you?” John asked softly.
“Yes?”
“I know this isn’t ideal,” Sherlock rumbled. He rolled John gently to his back and stretched out alongside him. He started mouthing at John’s bond bite. “But surprise heats aren’t all bad. Remember, that’s what brought us together.”
John held up a hand. “I know. I’ve had time to think about it and I don’t blame you for that. I know what it’s like not to be able to give someone up. And the baby—” He cleared his throat. “I know I’m not—if you go into protective custody I won’t be able to see her, and I’ve made my peace with that.” There was a long pause as he allowed that to sink in. “Mycroft will allow David to go with you, if that’s what you want.”
“Yes, yes of course,” John assured her. “Sherlock’s work is far too important to give it up.”
Greg moved back to the door. “Ah, look, sorry about this. But I’ve been calling and texting and I didn’t hear and I started to worry. A bit.” He cleared his throat. “Sorry. Just over-reacted. You’re all fine, then?”
“Thank you.”
had intended…
“Of being right once more before I die,” Sherlock said jauntily, gesturing with his free hand.
Sherlock ran his tongue over his lips as John approached, looking decidedly dangerous. John did not stop moving until they were toe to toe. He focussed his drug-addled squint up into Sherlock’s face.
They both turned and stared at the airstrip. John wracked his brain for the lines he’d tried to memorize.
John’s hands were everywhere. Sherlock’s unbuttoned shirt had disappeared, as had John’s. Their shoes were gone, but Sherlock was perfectly fine with not fussing about their socks. Their kisses broke only long enough for John to struggle out his vest and trousers. Sherlock started to unbutton his jeans, but John grasped his hands.
“At last!” Francine cried, easing the Rover into a parking place. “I was beginning to think I’d really got us lost. Sorry about that.” She turned to face them over the seat. “You two can go ahead in—they should be set up for you. I’ll be waiting when you’re finished, to take you back to the hotel.”
John had been home, at Baker Street, for a few weeks. Sherlock had tried to be restrained in his responses. He didn’t want to offend John with his obvious delight in having his best friend back at 221B. Not when John was still struggling.
“Course,” Lestrade agreed, nodding. “Still, whatever he's doing must be working.”
John broke free from Sherlock’s hold on his shoulders and pushed the alpha away from him. Sherlock looked confused and hurt, but John did not waste time. He sprinted for the stairs.
“Anyway, I went over to him and I just…well, I kissed him.” Greg shrugged into the cardigan Jeremy held for him. “And it was unbelievable. It was like the thing I’d been waiting for all my life that I didn’t even know I was missing. I thought he might push me away, but he didn’t. He had hold of me by the shoulders, like he was drowning. When we parted to breathe, he looked stunned. But…happy.”
John smiled indulgently. “No reason at all we can’t go together.” There were still so many things they hadn’t done, even after five solid days of uninterrupted copulation.
“Well, well, well!” Dr. Khamir, the surgeon of record, peered through the door, her smile broad. “Look who’s awake.”
“I’m not ashamed,” John went on. “And I’m sorry I led you to think that.”
“Not for you,” John reminded him. He was seated in his comfy chair putting the finishing touches on the wrapping of Drew’s birthday present. “There.”
“Oh!” John halted with the spoon half-way to Sherlock’s mouth.
He bottomed out, dropping his forehead to Sherlock’s shoulder with a moan as his balls rucked up against Sherlock’s heated, moist flesh.
The young man’s haughty expression faded, quickly giving way to something like puzzlement. “Do you think so?”
“So?” Sherlock prompted again.
“Oh, was she.”
“Yes, love?” John hitched her further up into his arms as he swung her little bag over his other shoulder and made his way to the school door.
John smirked, teasing his fingertips beneath Sherlock’s heavy balls. He rubbed there a moment, watching the breath catch in Sherlock’s chest.
“I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
“Compared to you — ”
“What about it? You think I would be a poor influence on your progeny?”
to answer, to deny, to scoff at the very notion that Sherlock Holmes was as virginal as had been suggested. He couldn’t find the words. He closed his eyes again, deliciously mortified.
“There now,” he soothed, trying to sound more certain than he felt. “That’s better. Did you have a bad dream?”
“Not good.”
Sherlock retreated from the kiss, heart pounding. Emily was standing right beside them, while Greg and Molly hovered in the doorway looking a little sheepish.
“No, we’ve had a scan. We’re pretty sure it’s a girl.” His voice caught at the end.
Sherlock swallowed again. Perhaps sensing his reservation, John studied him for a moment.
“SHHH!!”
More hands steadied him as he fell to his knees, a sob caught in his chest.
“No, you don’t,” John said, his voice still rough. He tried again to smile and this time he succeeded.
“My brother?”
The figure in the next bed was Sherlock—there was no mistaking the lanky form and pale skin showing underneath the hospital gown. Unfortunately, the bandages on Sherlock’s head obscured one side of his face as well, shielding him from John’s view.
“No?” Sherlock stroked over John’s belly.
Sherlock was waiting in the sitting room. The door pushed open, very slowly, and John Watson appeared.
Sherlock woke with a start. Something was wrong. He sat up abruptly, heart racing, and peered into the early morning dark of his bedroom. It was his bedroom, but…
“Shhhhh.”
“You know, it doesn’t have to be this way,” John said, his voice still arousingly gruff. “I told you to get to your rack, but I didn’t say you had to go there alone.”
you do?”
“And he was there, standing at the end of the bed, just watching me. He told me he thought my blood sugar must have dropped. He’d had some juice and biscuits left by the bed. While I ate, he told me that as my heat had advanced so quickly, it might be best if I stayed there. That he wouldn’t stay, of course, and he would make sure I was given absolute privacy.”
“You feel so good,” Sherlock breathed into his hair.
A week ago, with no case on and Sherlock practically vibrating with boredom, John had been sat in his chair searching the papers for something to capture his detective's attention. He had not been prepared to look up and find Sherlock stripped bare and standing directly in front of him with a rather impressive erection. He'd nearly swallowed his tongue.
“Mummy!”
John tugged up on Sherlock’s hips and slipped one strong hand underneath him, quickly finding Sherlock’s aching prick. John began to stroke in time with his own thrusts, nuzzling at the back of Sherlock’s neck.
The tension in John's shoulders eased--the note was quite normal, and he could almost be persuaded that this was just a blip. Almost. He needed to ensure, though, that their dinner tonight was special.
Sherlock stopped immediately when John raised his hand, not even looking in the alpha’s direction. This was not Sherlock’s fight. “Now, now,” John said evenly. “No need to get nasty. You’ve made a mistake, that’s all. Be a good boy and run along.”
John chuckled. “Yeah, we will.”
“Mycroft will trade whatever intelligence you can provide for a new life somewhere else.”
John unlocked the door to the small en suite and took a step back to lean on the small bureau against the opposite wall. William shuffled in and closed the door behind him, leaning back against it. He extended his hand to John; there was a clean hanky in it.
There was a pained noise in John’s headphones. “For the love of god, not while I’m listening.”
“Please do spare me the tea and sympathy, Mycroft.”
“Save it. He can tell me. When I see him. When he sees his son.”
"Definitely not good."
John stepped back, falling unconsciously into parade rest, and stiffened his spine. “We’re done,” he said, his voice eerily calm. “If you or your people come to my door again, I’ll answer it with a weapon in my hand.”
Sherlock cocked his head in surprise. He was rarely ever surprised.
Sherlock shrugged. “Won’t be able to work forever.”
as an option when we met,” John mused.
“You have permission to work in America?”
“I’m a suppressed alpha. What of it?”
“Jesus! You’re so tight. So hot.”
“Somewhere I won’t have to feel like Mr. Blue Skull is watching me.”
“I’m so glad,” Francine said. “So many baddies put away on account of your work, Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock shook his head again. He glanced around, calculating the time it would take for the call to register with one of the two people—ah! A silver Mercedes pulled up outside the perimeter of the scene and a dishevelled Lestrade jumped out.
“We have time,” Sherlock whispered.
?” Sherlock enquired. “How do you manage to fit into your suits when I know you’re still eating pain au chocolat every morning?”
“Oh? That’s…great. You’re very lucky to have an alpha who shares responsibility for the more domestic things.”
“Only one problem with that,” John said, grimacing.
He was still wiping his eyes when he looked over at his alpha’s utterly unamused expression.
“At ease, captain,” Major Hastings said briskly. He stepped near the dim room, hands clasped behind his back. “And how is your special patient?”
He knew there was a way out. He knew it. Mycroft and Sherlock assured him that Sherlock would have an exit.
John stepped away from the window. “Sorry?”
John obliged, easing his finger deeper within the tight heat of Sherlock’s arse while he bobbed up and back over the man’s cock.
They rubbed against one another, kissing haphazardly as they backed toward the bed. John stumbled when his knees hit the frame and he fell back, Sherlock falling with him.
“Unghgood,” Sherlock groaned. He pulsed into the rhythm John set.
“Indeed. And in the garden, that spot where everything had been torn up? Traces of the Valerian plant, which is very useful as a natural sedative. Mrs. Gamble said Heatherton was a wine connoisseur, didn’t she? That he was the head of the local appreciation club?”
“Yes, sir?”
Sherlock nodded solemnly. “Together.”
“What do they usually say?”
Sherlock ignored the art and began to survey the people milling about him with a practiced eye.
John chuckled as the very rigid evidence of Sherlock's morning wood bumped into his leg. “Yes. Yes, it is,” John agreed. His body responded instantly to Sherlock's nearness and arousal. He kissed Sherlock tenderly, lingering over the delicate shape of his upper lip. “And what would you like to do about that, carnally speaking?”
“Mummy and Dad. I’m sure Mycroft knows—the smug bastard—but I can text him anyway. Maybe Lestrade?”
“Please go ahead,” John replied, yawning. “I think I’m about ready for a little rest anyway. Six hours isn’t bad, but it still takes it out of you.”
“Speaking of,” Sherlock said, standing again. He set Drew on his feet and reached back to help Kit from the bed. “We’d best get ourselves some breakfast and some fresh clothes before everyone arrives, hmmm?”
“Civilian…what?”
“And you do know that I’m perfectly well aware you’ve had Billy Wiggins bringing you information from your homeless network.”
John dodged furniture in the sitting room, catching a glimpse of his alpha in his peripheral vision. Sherlock shouted again, something that sounded like John’s name. John slipped out through the double glass doors connecting the sitting room with the kitchen via the conservatory.
John paused, looking up at Holmes, W. Sherlock S. “What
John found a switch at the bottom of the stairs and lit up the dank cellar space. They split up, each searching for some sign of a hidden room or hole in the floor. It did not take long before Sherlock found a small section of wall that looked very much like it belonged where it was, but upon careful examination made one side of the house slightly shorter than the other.
John, in a daze, started moving toward the scene. He was slowed by a collision with a cyclist. A pair of hands appeared out of nowhere to steady him before he could topple over. He kept moving, his eyes fixed on the spot where Sherlock was lying…not moving…
John appeared at his side, pulling his gloves on. Sherlock stared at him for a moment, marvelling that anyone could underestimate the man.
John closed the door and turned back to where Sherlock had been, fully prepared to quiz him on his presumptuous behaviour, but the man was already halfway up the stairs.
John relaxed a little. “Good. That’s…good. But I’d feel better if I could sit beside his bed. You know, so he knows I’m there when he wakes up?”
John set his mobile down and pressed the intercom. "Yes, Paige?"
“Yes?”
“Everyone comfortable?”
Sherlock obliged his father, who had always been kindly and quite loving. He released John’s hand and turned to embrace his father.
John hung his head. “No. No. That isn’t it. It’s just — well, this isn’t really your long suit, is it? Kids, home and hearth. Family…”
Well, obviously he’d thought it would make John happy. They’d be working a case and doing something that John liked at the same time. He liked seeing John happy. He liked making John happy. It felt…nice.
“I observe. I…” Holmes trailed off as John reached for the zip to the pocket. “If there is no issue with my passport, why am I being detained?” he asked sharply.
“And that means what exactly?”
Sherlock stared at him, gasping as John continued his concentrated attention to Sherlock's prick. Sherlock nodded once. He freed his hand from John's arm and flung the sheet away. John kissed him before turning his head to watch his own hand furiously stroking Sherlock's length.
“Listen to you, getting all sentimental on me,” John teased, squeezing his arm. “Thought I was the one who was supposed to go all gooey.”
Without any conscious plan, he'd made his way back to the spot where it all began. The adventure. His life—his real life—had started here. If only it hadn't taken him so long to realize it. If only.
John looked mildly irritated for a moment, Sherlock thought, but covered it admirably with a polite smile. “No need. Here we are. Ready to go, Em?”
Sherlock undid the button at each cuff and slowly, deliberately, eased his shirt down over his arms.
At length, Sherlock drew back with a saucy grin and resumed the position: spread-eagled against the wall. John wasted no time in pressing in against Sherlock’s back, using his still-gloved hand to spread more lube where it was needed and guide himself to Sherlock’s nicely prepared rim. He rubbed there for a moment, sliding his other hand around to join Sherlock’s where it was tugging at his own cock.
Sherlock watched the shadow fall across John’s face. They didn’t talk about Mary. John wasn’t ready (might never be ready) and Sherlock had no idea what he would say anyway. “I know that,” he said softly.
Sherlock harrumphed at that and settled more deeply into his seat. “What is it you need, Mycroft? As I said, I have a pressing experiment waiting.”
He let himself relax against his pillows, Sherlock’s fingers twined with his own. He watched his love until he finally fell back into fretful slumber.
“JOHN, I WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU!”
John wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and Sherlock leaned slightly in his direction. “Tell me.”
“I’ve had an amazing time since we met,” John continued. “It’s the first time I’ve felt ‘right’ since I came back.”
“Ah. Yes. About that…”
“He’s glad to be back.”
“Obviously.”
“But even if it wasn’t anything more than that, it helped me see that you do…feel things. From that moment, I decided to maybe find out where it might lead,” John continued with a sniffle. “But just as I was about to chuck a lifetime’s worth of conditioning, you were gone.”
“Clearly not enough,” Sherlock sneered. “Because I can’t forget it.” He strode to the window to look out over the back garden. “Every time you touch me, all I can feel is your fists. Your shoes hitting my ribs. I can’t forget the look on your face when you blamed me for Mary’s death.”
“Going to breed you,” he mumbled into John’s shoulder. “Fill you up.”
“I don’t know what to do,” Sherlock said, his voice small. “I cannot explain it.”
“I-I realize that this was beyond the usual scope of your practice,” Sherlock started. “I’m sorry to have put you in this position. I won’t trouble you at your clinic again. I’ll have my file transferred to another physician.”
During his detox and recovery, Mycroft had done everything himself. He collected their parents at the station and accompanied them wherever they wished to go. Before his addiction got the better of him, Sherlock had been
“Muddling through,” he’d told John, “Is the best teacher.”
“Old friend of ours has a cottage nearby,” Sherlock cut in smoothly. “Pretty place.  Really inspired us to invest in a property down here. It was time to start thinking about life in a quieter place.”
“Hmmm,” Kit said thoughtfully, not looking up from his blocks. “That word in the middle sounds like ‘Papa.’”
He handed the phone to John, who glanced at the screen briefly before shoving it back into his pocket. Sherlock stood abruptly bringing him once more into very close quarters with John. John looked up at the man, still puzzled (and a little concerned) but helplessly intrigued.
He’d tried to explain it to Mycroft the day before, when his brother enquired after John’s health. But it was difficult to put into words how luminous John’s skin had become. How bright his eyes were. How the gentle roundness of his curves made him beautiful in a way Sherlock hadn’t expected.
“And tell me you love me.”
“What is it? You tensed up when I mentioned Lestrade,” Sherlock said briskly. He narrowed his eyes at John. “You’ve told him already, haven’t you?”
“Out. Out NOW!!!”
“NOT! GOOD!”
Sherlock’s lips pressed into his brow. “Sorry. Sleep now. Don’t get up if you hear Kit. I’ll go.”
“What is it, Mycroft? I have an experiment waiting at home.”
Sherlock shouted his release as he spilled over their hands and splattered the front of John’s untucked shirt. His hips stuttered and his hand on John went limp as he rode each wave.
John shrugged, scarcely able to believe what he was hearing. “Well, all right,” he said sceptically. “Not going to turn down an opportunity.”
“Yeah, well, they don’t know that. Think about the houses we’ll get to see.”
“Right you are. There—all set for the day.” Angie smiled up at him as she hit ‘Enter.’ “Good trip in?”
The cameras were still rolling, capturing every moment of the dramatic rescue, the arrival of the police and emergency medical personnel, and the reactions of the television cast and crew.
“In here,” John called from the bedroom.
"I've been busy."
“No, I’m sorry,” John sighed. He rubbed a weary hand over his brow. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I’m acting like a prick.”
At length, he slept. Fitfully. When morning arrived, he was still weary and carrying a weight of guilt in his midsection. He went out to the sitting room immediately, to see if Sherlock really had meant what he'd said the night before.
“Get home safely, would you?”
In the time it took to fetch drinks and catch up, Kit had brought his colouring down to sit in the room with the grownups, Mycroft and his brother were matching wits over a recent mystery in South America, and the babies had tried to sneak down the stairs. By the time Mrs. Hudson and Mr. and Mrs. Holmes arrived, the house was bubbling with chaos.
He had to focus on Mary and the baby.
Sherlock sighed and tugged his dressing gown tighter around him. He was not in any sort of mood for his brother’s annoyingly insightful deductions. Or his snide comments.
John shouted his pleasure and tried to push back for more.
He pushed forward once more. Sherlock took the opportunity to work his tongue over John’s hard, velvety length. John’s hips stuttered.
“Not impressive,” Sherlock noted with a cocky flick of one eyebrow. “Just good.”
He entered the flat and immediately began to strip, unable to bear the feeling of the clothing against his sensitive skin. He shut and locked the door behind him—Sherlock had a key, if he was planning to come home at all, but John couldn’t afford to leave himself vulnerable.
Greg released a burst of relieved laughter through the tears that had spilled over. Kit was looking at Greg with concern now. He moved to settle into the man’s lap and swiped at his damp cheek with one chubby hand.
one, Sherlock quickly moved to pour John a small brandy. He poured himself a whisky, for good measure, and downed it in one mouthful. When they were both comfortably seated once more—each in his own chair, fortified by liquid courage—they continued.
One thumb rubbed gently over John’s tender nipples. John arched into the touch with a low groan.
The woman swiped across the large touch screen that had been embedded in the surface of the old desk and reviewed the reservation list that appeared. "Ah, yes. This way please."
“Oh! That’s lovely,” John praised. He grabbed Sherlock’s bum and pulled him in tight.
“I’m afraid that won’t be possible until I have completed my investigation.” John tried once more. “Tell me where you’ve hidden the drugs and this ends now.”
John sighed his contentment—Sherlock knew he was not in any hurry to have Sherlock withdraw from his body. He’d learned that his John quite enjoyed feeling full for a little longer. And he quite liked the weight of Sherlock on top of him for a bit.
They rocked together, revelling in the freedom of this pleasure—this new thing that strangely felt not new at all. They gasped and keened together as they ground bodies and crushed lips.
“Yes,” John insisted. He pulled himself out from under Sherlock and rolled off the bed. He reached for his robe. “I like them, in spite of everything. And Kit adores them.”
“You may be right,” he said to Kit, looking perhaps more pleased at the idea than he would ever admit to John.
As they neared the outer edge of the town and the signal from Mary’s car, Sherlock sighed.
They kissed and cried, almost missing the sounds when Kit made known his displeasure at being sandwiched between them. Sherlock gasped as he looked down between them and into the small face of his baby boy. Kit was staring at him with utter fascination.
“How can you possibly love me in the first place?” John asked softly. “I didn’t expect to be here either, my love. I thought my chance had passed. That there was no way we could be...this.”
“Daddy?”
“I like Janine, but no. Women aren’t really my area.”
“They were in my line of vision down the corridor the whole time,” Sherlock protested. He reached out. “You need to calm down.”
Sherlock didn’t have a response for that, but his whole body warmed at John’s affirmation.
“I know that,” John sighed. “Doctor, remember? But I…wait. When did you check?” he asked suspiciously.
“Right. And in it, Heatherton offered her a generous stipend for the period while he was ‘from home,’ as well as a reference in case she wanted to find other employment,” John finished. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and sat there, facing the small desk where Sherlock was working. “She was absolutely sure the email was not written by Heatherton, and she was suspicious about the source of the money that appeared in her bank account.”
“Sherlock?”
John chuckled again. “Because you are remarkable, and handsome, and funny. You make me feel alive again, in a way I haven’t for months.”
“Love, please…”
John’s marks.
“Thought I’d lost you there for a minute,” John teased.
“Biscuits? Well, I made some last night. Why…” She trailed off as she watched the look exchanged between the two men. “Here, now, Kit, why don’t you and Drew come downstairs with Nan and we’ll have some biscuits and watch that funny program of yours, hmm?”
“Well, I…”
John couldn’t help but smile. “No. No, it isn’t. When and where?”
Sherlock was shaking, making what almost sounded like whimpering noises. His control was very nearly gone. John sighed with relief as Sherlock’s half-formed knot bumped up against him. Almost immediately, Sherlock began to withdraw. And plunge back in.
“You are extraordinary. I have never — ”
John didn’t bother with the bedroom door. He stopped beside the bed and let Sherlock slide to his feet. Sherlock landed awkwardly and shifted to right himself.
“No!” John said, far too quickly. He shook his head, laughing tightly. “Well, yes, actually, but not in the way you mean.”
"Isn't it kind of..."
“I’ll talk to Sherlock about it.”
“Greg, hi,” John replied. He swallowed hard against the wave of nausea that still threatened. It was well past noon, but of course “morning” sickness was so terribly misnamed. At least this particular treat was on time. It had kicked in right after the one-month mark—almost as though his body was rewarding him for the positive pregnancy test—and was only getting worse at eight weeks.
“Oh, okay.” Sherlock shrugged.
“And I’m sorry.”
“Perfect,” John whispered, struggling to capture Sherlock’s lips. “Perfect. So perfect…Sherlock!”
“Sure.” John nodded at Sherlock as he stood. “I’ll get that if you get the others.”
“Are you all right?”
“Come now, doctor. You didn’t think I wouldn’t find that?”
“And is she…with Mary?”
He began scanning the room in search of a likely—
John had stripped quickly and was aching to get into bed. The first three weeks of September had been brutally busy and he was utterly exhausted. He was still plagued by morning sickness (which still very often lasted well into the afternoon) and their latest case had taken up almost three full days. This was in addition to the two mornings he’d put in at the clinic, and Kit’s (actual) bout of stomach ‘flu.
“I know,” John soothed. “I know. And I’m sorry I didn’t say the words before you did.”
Sherlock’s face fell and he dropped his gaze to regard his shoes. John tucked a finger beneath his chin and lifted gently. Sherlock allowed it, his expression wary.
“And I need you,” John confirmed. He leaned in and kissed Sherlock. It was gentle and soft. Just a sweet brushing of lips to seal their pact.
Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and pulled Drew into his lap. “I’m glad you got to have this one your way.”
John peered at his renewed bondmate from beneath the pillow. Sherlock was standing in the doorway to their bedroom, still in his dressing gown and carrying a steaming mug of coffee. “WHY are you right here? I thought I was going to get to sleep in today?”
John felt the colour rising to his face. “But I’m…old. I’m wounded and scarred and now this damn leg. Why would you want me?”
“We’ve been on television before.”
He did try to contain his good mood, but today it had spilled over. Much to everyone’s mortification.
“Let me. Please.” John searched his face. “I’ve been fantasizing about what’s inside these tight denims all night long.”
“John?”
Sherlock was still somewhat uncertain; still so innocent. He was infinitely curious and remarkably perceptive and he had—in spite of the hormones that had governed their first couplings—proven to be a tremendously considerate lover. The thought fired lust through John’s body like an electric shock.
“She’s very attractive.”
“And did you seek an omega?”
“Awwww, clearly you are still very much in love.”
John stood and moved toward him. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s forearm. “I’ll leave you alone if that’s what you want. But if you change your mind, just come upstairs. Wake me up. I don’t mind.”
“Uhm, yeah,” Greg answered, shaking his head when he realized Jeremy wasn’t going to risk missing the end of the story. “Anyway, we talked for a bit when I suddenly got a bit woozy. I must have blacked out, because I woke up in a lovely big bed.”
“Not a jumper or anything, was it?”
“S-sorry?” John stammered.
“For keeping him alive. For keeping him…secret.”
“Yes.”
“Oh, never mind,” John grumbled. He rolled over and gathered his son into his arms. “You, young man, are up very early for a Sunday morning.”
“John, my love, what can I do?” Sherlock curled around him, attempting to support him as he shifted to lean heavily into the table.
“Good plan.”
John stifled his ongoing jealousy that Greg hadn’t experienced a single moment of nausea with his pregnancy.
“Marry me?”
“Pneumonia. Three weeks ago.”
“I know.”
Mycroft felt his stomach clench. "John..."
“Now you,” Sherlock insisted, suddenly desperate to see John.
Sherlock stepped into the space John had left between his parted knees, and wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders. He dropped his cheek to the top of John’s head and sighed into John’s soft hair while John’s arms closed possessively around his narrow waist. “I’m the lucky one,” he whispered.
God, how he needed to believe that.
“Please…?” Sherlock croaked.
Sherlock bit his lip as they manoeuvred John down the stairs. He didn’t want to miss him, but he already did. There was a horrible clawing feeling in the pit of his stomach the likes of which he’d never experienced before.
“Yes?”
“PAPA!!”
The shrine was as out of use as the rest of the chapel, as most of the village’s inhabitants had left many weeks before. Still, there were candles ready for lighting. The room had been elaborately painted, probably in the Middle Ages. Though he was not a religious man, John found the naïve decoration featuring scenes from Mary’s life somewhat restful.
“That, too,” Sherlock confirmed. They had reached the front door of Angelo’s place. Sherlock opened the door with a flourish and stood back to let John in ahead of him. “After you, Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock growled low in his throat. “No time to waste, then.” He drew away from John a little and started working on the rest of his clothes. “Let’s get you out of these and into a nice, soft nest, hmmm?”
Sherlock swallowed hard as he took in John’s dilated pupils and flushed cheeks. Oh, god, he was biting his bottom lip. “
“Your new home—221B Baker Street. It’s in the heart of London, close to everything. You’ll love it.”
“I’ll have it all. Start at the beginning.”
More footsteps and suddenly the small space was lit up by the camera’s lights. The camera operator poked her head around the side and gave them a look.
“I don’t see what else it can — oh, god.”
The mention of the “uniform” pricked Sherlock’s perhaps underutilized conscience. When he didn’t move to obey the order immediately, John started to sit up.
“Hey, you okay in there?”
Sherlock crossed the sitting room in two strides and gathered John into his arms. He dropped his chin to John’s shoulder and sighed.
Sherlock’s features relaxed a little and he nodded. He took one of John’s hands in his own and squeezed.
It happened quite by accident.
“I want…
“Fuck, Sherlock!”
John took two steps back and reached for his belt buckle.
“I’ll be off, then,” Sherlock muttered to no one in particular.
"Honey?" he asked, brows furrowed.
omega,” John snapped. He couldn’t keep the bitterness out of his voice. Being suppressed had never, ever mattered before, but now?
The noise Sherlock made could probably be called a whimper, if it could be called anything at all. The last barrier separating him from the tsunami of his “transport” crumbled instantly.
“I think your brother’s already taken care of that. But — ”
John backed along the aisle behind Sherlock, never taking his eyes from the two men following them. When they’d reached the relative safety of the next car transition, John stood and followed Sherlock at a run.
“It was a reflex.”
“Yup. You and I get to be pregnant together.” John grinned. “I’m not usually this soppy.”
“And what’s that?”
“No, you’re not. Not really. You don’t pick up on some things because you are far too busy seeing all of the other amazing things the rest of us completely miss,” John insisted, huffing a little. “You are brilliant. And wonderful. And—”
“Fitzhardinge Street!” was called from the front of the bus.
“Will it improve?”
As of this moment, Dr. John H. Watson was on heat leave.
“John, breathe.” Sherlock’s deep voice, now so wonderfully soothing, washed over John, along with a flood of his alpha scent laced with comfort and protection. “John, I need you to look at me now. Come on. Look at me.”
John finally grasped the hand firmly, welcoming the grounding contact. He straightened his spine as Sherlock withdrew and made his way to the plane.
“Why are you feeling guilty?” Sherlock demanded. He took a few steps towards where John had stopped, just inside the door. He reached out unconsciously with one hand. “You have nothing to feel guilty about!”
“Are you
John shrugged, setting out the supplies he would need. “I am now, yes.”
When they finally parted, Sherlock fixed him with a pointed look. “This is what we like,” he said calmly.
“Morning, my love,” John whispered.
John smirked at his mate. “Are you saying I’ve become big and awkward?”
But what?
Sherlock grinned like a fiend. He loved making his doctor shout. He thrust again, knowing full well that the tip of his cock was once more stroking over John’s spot. “Not quite.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened. He’d expected diminished lucidity along with suggestibility and disorientation, but he hadn’t expected fully formed delusions.
“That night I had what I thought was a bizarre, alcohol-fuelled dream. I was in my uniform and we…” John took another deep breath. “But it wasn’t a dream, was it? When you mentioned my missing Wednesday at the reception, I knew. I knew. Whatever you did to me — I should be furious. God, you utter bastard, to take advantage of me like that. And to…” John cleared his throat once more. “Well, I’ve had a lot to think about.”
“I think so, yeah. If I can. I did with Kit…” John trailed off at the thought of his son’s tumultuous birth at only 32 weeks.
John nodded, glancing back at his daughter. “She may need a snack.”
They fell back against the sofa, wrapped in each other’s arms.
Sherlock turned back to John, his eyes darting about as he attempted to process John’s reply. After several seconds of silence, finally he said, “Do you think so?
John was giggling lightly in his ear now. “Time to go home, I think.” He pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s temple and pulled away.
“No. I mean, yes she is an attractive woman, empirically speaking. But no, I am not attracted to her.”
“Right,” John said gruffly, his throat a bit tight. “Good. That’s good.”
Sherlock dropped to his knees in front of John. “Fine. Let me fix it. Tell me what you need to hear. What can I say to prove to you that we
“No?”
“John there’s something I should say, I’ve meant to say always, but I never have. Since its unlikely we’ll ever meet again, I might as well say it now.”
But it was all he could do not to run to the plane and climb aboard.
Sherlock chuckled, taking his seat across the table from John. "So do you. Lagavulin?"
“Sherlock, oh, JESUS!”
“But…”
“I’m not pretty.”
Drew nodded and released Sherlock’s hand to toddle to the bed. Sherlock followed, offering a rump boost to help get Drew up onto the bed beside Kit. Kit shifted back to sit on the pillow next to the one propping John up, and leaned up against John’s shoulder. Drew knelt beside John’s hip, wiggling close enough to get a good look at Bea, who was now cleaned up, wrapped in the receiving blanket from her Grandad, and wearing her little knitted beanie. She’d nursed a little right after the birth and was nestled into John’s chest in exhausted slumber.
“He knows,” Sherlock said softly.
Finally, though, John’s hips began to move of their own accord as his cock sought some kind of relief. He was very wet and ready to be fucked—he needed more.
“Starving,” John said.
John padded down the hall, scratching the back of his neck. He yawned and stretched, surveying the kitchen. No Sherlock, then.
It just wasn't the same though, John thought miserably. He hung his damp coat in the hall and trudged up the stairs. He let himself into the sitting room—sure enough, it was empty.
Sherlock nodded gently. “There. I think we’ve come to our agreement, then.” He stood once more and offered John his hand. “Would you be averse to beginning right this very minute?”
“That’s right. They can’t wait and I can’t really blame them. They don’t know who you are or what to do with you. But I don’t want to see you paralyzed permanently if I can prevent it, so it’s down to me.”
John emerged from the shower, whistling and sated. He quite enjoyed the feel of hot water washing over him, especially at the end of a cold night out in the field. Their stakeout had come at the end of a case stretched over several weeks. It had left them both exhausted.
John flushed a little—his own sex life had started to hot up again, too. His own libido had been in overdrive for a while, and Sherlock’s was now catching up.
“Obviously.”
John snickered. Of course Sherlock would know
John glanced at the camera quickly before answering. “It certainly ticks several of the boxes, doesn’t it Sherlock?”
By the time the police arrived, they had freed a very frail Melville Heatherton from the small space. Weak from lack of food, he was still able to convey that there was a leaking water pipe in the corner of the place he’d been imprisoned, and he’d managed just enough water to stay alive—hoping against hope that someone would come for him.
“You enjoy it, though? This series?” Sherlock asked, watching as John took a sip of tea and swiped at crumbs on his chin. John hadn’t shaved yet, so there was a hint of stubble there. It had silver in it now, too, just like the hair on John’s head.
“Please,” Sherlock begged. “Please, John.”
“Bigger,” Sherlock breathed.
“I understand,” Sherlock said. He glanced in the direction of the door. “They’re leaving.”
Sherlock nodded, still not looking up.
Sherlock finally relented and set a restless Drew back on the floor. “Two centimetres this month.”
“My seat,” John repeated, now quietly seething. “
“Whoops!” John caught him, narrowly keeping them both from piling onto the floor. “Steady on!”
The second blow was slightly firmer. The sting made him grit his teeth and brought dampness to his eyes.
John turned in time to see his son’s delightfully artless (and wholly Sherlock) expression of innocence. His eyes were wide, brows raised and little cupid’s bow lips slightly parted.
“Yes, love, I think it is.”
“More? John, you saved my life.”
“Sir?” One of them said, addressing Greg. “Do you want to accompany the prisoner?”
Warm saliva dripped from between his cheeks and down over the tops of his thighs.
visits. “Kit was teething last I saw him.”
John rolled to his side so they were face to face. “If I were a betting man, I would agree that Kit will present as an alpha.”
John swallowed hard against the tears and turned away with a sniff. He clenched his jaw, scanning the horizon—anything to keep from looking at the man he loved saying goodbye. Again.
. How could you possibly have known that?”
John pursed his lips and then reached for his fork. Finally he took a bite of dinner. “It’s the risk we have to take.”
“I knew,” he started. “I mean, I figured it out. The picture’s just a head, isn’t it? Whereas you’re…”
“Unca Greg!!” Kit cried, instantly wriggling to be free of his daddy’s embrace. He slid to the floor and rushed down the corridor toward Greg, who moved to scoop him up.
“Well, you know I met with Magnussen.”
“I know,” Sherlock said softly. He kissed John several times, rubbing over the bump where their baby was growing as John rode out the last of his knotted orgasm.
“The pathology supplies you ordered are here. Bloke’s ‘round the back—shall I buzz him through?”
Sherlock sighed, staring out the cab window. “Did I?”
“I won’t let that happen to Drew and Kit, Sherlock. I won’t.”
“But I really enjoyed it.”
“I have no regrets. The Empire Strikes Back is a classic,” John defended. He waggled his hands. “Just going to go wash up. Back in a tick.”
“Is there?” John teased.
“I wanted to enquire after the health of my nephew.”
Sherlock’s breathing was laboured, but his hips remained immobile as John sucked him off. John had long since taken himself in hand to pump in time with the movements of his head.
“I’ve told you so much already, what’s one more secret?”
“Oh, I just thought, being as you worked for him…”
“Good. Get the light, yeah?”
The woman sighed. “Don’t you think it’s just a little morbid?”
The war was over and he had no idea what to do next.
"Fine."
“Hoped.”
“W-well, what about doing something else with all that, uhm, stuff in your mind. You know, like I suggested; something that would h-help people.” John smoothed his hands over the shape of well-muscled shoulders and then down over a toned, straight back. It wasn’t until his hands reached the dip just above Holmes’ buttocks that he noticed the change in his passenger’s breathing.
Sherlock dragged John into the library, skidding to a halt beside the huge oak desk. He pointed at the old fashioned blotter. “What do you see?”
John had been happy to clear space in his schedule, but he had to admit to at least a little trepidation. A high-profile patient could be just the thing for his growing practice, as he was still fairly new. Alternatively, it could be devastating if a well-connected client were to be dissatisfied with their treatment.
“My god…” he breathed. “Sherlock.”
“There is very little I can do, at the moment. But Sherlock and I have some time to discuss options.”
“My pleasure,” the large man chuckled, touching his cap as he backed away. “Evening.”
Sherlock let out a gusty breath. "Yes?"
“Well, then, my dearest John…the game is on.”
Sherlock sighed again. “I’m sorry.”
“Let’s begin with the most pressing question then: Are you willing to be here?”
“That's correct, sir. The chef offers three versions of a tasting menu each evening."
Sherlock had hold of him by his jacket, he tilted his head to give John better access to his mouth and pressed his body into John’s shorter one. “John…”
Mycroft frowned. “No need to be so prickly. I simply wanted to offer my congratulations on another case solved.”
Arriving at just a little before 8 a.m., he wasn’t entirely surprised that Mrs. Hudson had been the one to let him in. He was a little surprised, though, when he’d arrived upstairs to find both doors closed and locked. He’d often found one door or the other closed, but never both. And never locked.
“Because you’re dead. You must be. They took you away and there was no more to be heard of you. I searched and searched and no one could tell me — ”
“John, please.”
Sherlock sat back in his chair and clasped his hands in his lap. John had been very short-tempered of late. There was no value in provoking him.
Mycroft was certain, though, that the case would be forgotten the moment his brother walked into the room.
“Okay,” John gasped, grasping at Sherlock’s shirtsleeve with his other hand. “Be okay…in a minute. Just…too much…”
“Well, yes.” Sherlock began shifting closer. He met John's amused gaze and looked a little sheepish. “Yes, I just think that, well, we're both here, in bed, together. A-a-and as luck would have it, we're both, you know...”
They were nearly at the door when Sherlock called after them, “Don’t wait too long to call Mummy!”
“Of course you are. The way you know all about people just by looking at them? That’s amazing.”
“GUN!”
“Doesn’t matter,” Sherlock insisted quickly. “I don’t care. I will stay as long as he needs me.”
“Melville Heatherton disappeared two and a half weeks ago. He was a well-known, well-liked member of the community of Pevensey Bay.”
"Oh, this is about Mary."
“Strained muscle in his back. Nothing serious. Mycroft is just being overly cautious.”
In truth, it was the only reason Drew really cried. He was remarkably placid, and had even started to sleep through the night. John knew he shouldn’t compare his two boys, given the circumstances of Kit’s first months, but he was still grateful for Drew’s mellow personality.
The young woman nodded and turned to take the mobile phone a nearby waiter was offering.
Sherlock placed his open mouth over the place on the side of John’s neck where he would mark, were they going to bond. He laved the flesh as John writhed against him.
“Would you? Oh, lovely!” She turned away to set the tray down on the small table by John’s chair. “What about putting on the antlers—”
“Oh, yes. If that is something you’d like, I’d be very amenable,” John agreed quickly. “Sex outside of oestrus can be every bit as wonderful.”
The detective’s head drooped.
"Sorry," she said softly. "Were you...expecting me?"
Sherlock nodded vehemently. “They would have killed you. They had to believe I was dead or they were going to kill you and the baby.”
Dr. Khamir regarded both men, her brow furrowed. “Right. Uhm, well, I won’t keep you. I’m sure you two have a lot to discuss. I’ll send the nurse in to check your vitals.” She glanced at John once more. “In a few minutes.”
“I want to be connected to you,” Sherlock confirmed. “But it will be a change for me. I have a tendency to forget.” He hesitated, his lip twitching. “I left you in Brixton.”
“Call the crèche and drop Drew on my way,” Sherlock rattled off. “I know.”
“What is it?”
“My rut.”
“Not yet.”
He watched his lover sleep and considered. They'd had discussions about consent (given Sherlock's propensity for doing things to John without asking) and Sherlock knew sleep could sometimes be tricky. John loved to wake to kisses; he was less than pleased about waking to fingers already in his arse. Sherlock was learning to respect these boundaries. But tonight he desperately wanted to touch. Touch John
“Sorry, sorry. Don’t get turned on just yet. I need to piss. And clean my teeth.” John yawned and stretched. “Maybe a cup of tea.”
“I want this.”
“But they’re wrong, of course,” John said with a half-smile.
“I can clear some time for him tomorrow, if that suits.”
Sherlock swallowed, his throat suddenly very dry. “You know, you
“You two didn’t really think my initials were A G R A, did you? For god’s sake, it’s a city in India!”
“I’m-I’m-I’m not in heat,” John stammered. He inhaled deeply, remarkably turned on by his mate’s familiar scent.
“Alpha, beta or omega?”
Ordering him to come.
Sherlock's grinned, for the second time in two days, at the sight of John's smiling face. A light, fluffy feeling settled in his insides as he settled back to drink his tea. He stuck one long foot out and rubbed it against John's calf.
“No, I know,” John sniffed, hating that he was feeling so sensitive about the whole thing. “I don’t want to terminate, I just…I just wasn’t prepared.”
John hesitated, suddenly feeling very cold. “What do you—are you going to sleep upstairs?”
“G-get out,” he rasped. “No time left.”
He was lying on his side, one hand propping up his head, watching John sleep. John was lying, as usual, flat on his back with one hand beneath the duvet and one over top. He always ended up in that position, regardless of how tangled up they were when they fell asleep. Sherlock didn't mind—his own most comfortable position involved mostly sprawling over John's supine form, with one leg draped over John's thighs and his head on John's shoulder.
Sherlock rolled his eyes before looking at his new bondmate. “I didn’t want you to change your mind about me.”
“No problem. When I realised it was your address, I thought I should come and see you were all right. Wasn’t sure if your brother is in town.”
“Unit? I’m not a soldier.”
Greg smiled. “It was a balls up. Right from the off.” He turned and settled onto the bench beside John with his hands over his belly. “It all happened so fast.”
He groaned as the shirt slipped to the floor. “Oh, Sherlock…”
“Still is.”
Sherlock moved immediately to comply. He did not take his eyes from John as he undid the buttons.
“I’m fine, Mrs. H. Just being cautious,” John replied lightly.
Sherlock bent to capture John’s mouth, and John met him halfway. Where their first kisses had been sweet and searching, these were desperate and laced with want. Tongues stroked and teased while hands did likewise. By the time John turned them back to the bed and eased Sherlock back down to the mattress, Sherlock was shivering with longing.
“Oh, he wasn’t so bad,” John said, trying to sound nonchalant.
Mycroft closed his eyes.
Holmes smirked at him.
“Tell me.” John bent his head and kissed a trail over Sherlock’s jaw before moving warm, moist lips over Sherlock’s neck. He mouthed at the sensitive flesh and stopped occasionally to suck.
Kit was clean and dressed, perched on his knees in the middle of the floor and putting the final touches on a Lego Duplo castle. Sherlock, still in his dressing gown and pyjama bottoms, was cross-legged beside him, using one hand to continue sorting bricks by colour and size. His other hand was extended in the direction of Drew, who had pulled himself up to stand beside the coffee table. Drew was slapping the table with delight, bouncing to continue testing the strength of his little legs, and jabbering away to no one in particular.
“Perhaps not,” Holmes snapped. “But turning to heroin to cope with his unmet biological needs is, I would wager, hardly the norm.”
John stumbled and dropped heavily into his chair. “How?”
Sherlock was taken aback by the genuine excitement in John’s voice. And the delight on his face.
"I'm very sorry to hear it."
“John—so good. So tight for me…” Sherlock moaned, managing a few more thrusts before reaching his own peak. He buried himself in John’s warm, wet sheath and filled him full of seed.
Sherlock didn't love him anymore. Perhaps never really had. It had all been a lie.
“Vitamin,” Sherlock repeated for the third time.
“An hour?” John repeatedly breathlessly when they parted.
“Possibly,” Sherlock hedged. “Though
“Sherlock,” John chastised gently. “Look, he’s been on loads of programmes. Really lovely manner. Great voice. He’s fun to watch. You’ll like him.”
Sherlock rolled his bare toes over and under as he sat in a heap on the sofa. He’d been wearing the same pyjamas—with and without dressing gown—for days. He was no longer certain how many. He hadn’t even bothered to change when Lady Smallwood turned up.
“Oh!” Sherlock’s features softened. “Oh, but I do.”
“I don’t want to have to ask again,” John continued, his voice rough. He sat on the edge of the desk now, directly in front of the spot where Mycroft stood. He crossed his arms over his chest. “Where. Is. Sherlock?”
when it was me.”
John nodded firmly, handing their coats over to the hostess. “Absolutely. This is our chance for a do-over.”
Sherlock stood and paced over to stand directly in front of John. He looked somewhat panicked as he stared down into John’s eyes. “I’ve failed. I’ve failed to satisfy my mate.”
The chair behind John lurched out of the way with a horrible squeal of wood on wood. John had let go of Sherlock and was reaching behind him for some kind of purchase to keep them both from collapsing altogether. But Sherlock didn’t care. How could he? He was kissing John Watson. His John. And John was kissing him back. Warm lips were attempting to guide his own and he tried to follow.
“Were they pleased?” John asked. “About this? You and me?”
“Never mind. I look forward to finding out.”
“Sure, fine." Greg grinned. "Give the little one a kiss for me.”
It had left John a little horny, as well—and there was nothing like an early morning wank to set things to right.
He paused at seeing John’s upended chair and tapped his umbrella against the floor. Twice.
“I’m very glad to hear it,” Sherlock said. He turned his attention to where his mother was still perched on the edge of her seat. “And mother. How are you?”
“Bit not good, yeah,” John confirmed quietly as DS Donovan turned back in their direction.
“Greg!”
“How long have you been apart?” one middle-aged woman asked shyly.
“Her mission,” John repeated dumbly. He stood and walked to where Sherlock had paused by the window. “I was her mission.”
Sherlock nodded and returned his attention to the paperwork in front of him. He reviewed his statement and signed his name to the bottom with a flourish. With one finger, he pushed the paper back across Lestrade's desk.
Sherlock dropped his coat to the floor and hurried to gather John into his arms. “Shhhhh. I would never do that. This is our bonding heat. How could I possibly miss it?”
“At first, I thought it was just that he needed a family alpha.”
John sighed. “Because.”
Sherlock moaned into his mouth, his hips began to buck into John as he tried to get friction against his throbbing cock. “Please, John. Please...”
“That sounds ominous.”
“Mary…oh, yes! Absolutely.”
“How? How can you possibly love me back?” Sherlock pressed in close and buried his face in John’s chest. He could feel the comforting thump of John’s still-accelerated heartbeat.
The nipple itself however...
“What are you going to do?”
“So I wouldn’t be able to smell you, for instance.”
He felt raw.
Sherlock was quiet as he continued to shuffle through the mess in front of him.
He swallowed down the anger he’d been carrying since the incident at Magnussen’s and tried to force a smile when Mary turned back to him. She slid into his side and wrapped possessive fingers around his arm. When he was certain she was looking the other way, John gave Sherlock a subtle nod.
Mycroft slumped in his seat. He lifted a hand to his brow. “Well, little brother,” he said to the now-empty space. “This does leave us in a bit of pickle doesn’t it?”
The caterers were still setting up and wait staff were gathered in the front hall for their instructions. Sherlock led John by the hand through the main entry and toward the small parlour.
“It was for a—”
“Do I meet with your approval…sir?” Sherlock said, his voice teasing.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock sighed, grinning. “Absolutely fine.”
“That he’s pregnant or that you told him you are?” Sherlock rumbled, brushing his lips over John’s neck. “As to the first: Is his pregnancy in some way out of the ordinary? As to the second: Not at all. I expect it’s nice for you to have another omega to share this with.”
"I was waiting for you."
"If you're going to put that in your mouth, get on with it," John mumbled groggily.
“No tearing or bleeding, though,” John continued as he applied soothing salve to Sherlock’s bottom. “That’s going to be tender for a bit.”
“True. But then, it isn’t like it hasn’t happened before.” John stretched and tried to stifle a yawn. “Oh, god. And I’m sorry that I fell asleep after lunch. Kit had nightmares last night; kept us up—though Sherlock didn’t seem to mind the loss of sleep.”
for Mary. I brought her into your life. And I never loved her the way I should have. If I had admitted that sooner, come to grips with it, maybe I could have spared us both.”
“Gently,” John managed finally between kisses. “Easy, sweetheart. We have all night.”
“It’s really us,” John agreed jovially.
“Damn right. I don’t think my mum and dad even knew what a ‘normal’ omega was supposed to be. God rest them, they encouraged me to do what I wanted and be happy. And your brother may be a bit of a high-handed twat sometimes, but he went looking for whatever it would take to help you be who you wanted to be rather than watch you suffer and turn to drugs.”
“Sorry.”
Margaret tucked John’s hand into the crook of her elbow as she led him from the room. “I want to hear all about you and your family. Where do your people come from?”
John grasped at the seeking fingers and directed them to his own tumescent flesh. He wrapped Sherlock around him with a grunt of satisfaction and began to teach his alpha how to bring him pleasure. Where to rub and tug and glide. When to pause and when to go…
“I can’t believe we have two months to go,” John lamented, using his free hand to tug fruitlessly at his shirt over his rounded abdomen. “I feel enormous already and the baby still has growing to do.”
Sherlock slid back into the chair, listening as John filled his lungs with air in preparation for …
“Building management!” the voice called back. “We’ve had a complaint about noise!”
Sherlock turned again, rubbing his hands together. “So, first things first: I’ll need to borrow your phone.”
“As you say,” Lombardi sighed. “This has been very entertaining, but I’m afraid we really have to be going. I’m very sorry that you will not get to enjoy Penzance. I hear it is very pretty.”
“If I don’t get to say it later, Happy Christmas.”
“Why didn’t you ever say anything?”
He moaned, feeling John’s release spilling inside him while John’s hand continued to pulse over his cock.
“I needed to see if the compound I gave you would result in murderous rage.”
“Right.” Sherlock’s mouth twitched. “But we’d still…”
“Oh, good,” John said. “And that was my idea, so…”
“Still sure about this whole family thing?” John teased. “We’re in for about another five years of this craziness—at least until all of them are in school full time.”
“Right,” Lestrade muttered, looking somewhat nauseated. “Okay folks, you heard the man. We have a time of death and now we have the method. Donovan, get on to the airport and find us the flight.”
And why did he care?
“So, John, what does one do on a mini-break holiday in Penzance?”
“No, I’m—wait, you were actually trying to tell me then that you think I’m pretty?”
The tall man’s eyes raked over the young officer. “There is nothing ‘standard’ about secondary inspection. We both know I’m being held on suspicion, ‘Fran,’” he sneered. “And if you spent more time on your language studies and less time indulging your gambling habit, you wouldn’t have to be the one in the thankless position of ushering me through to whatever Draconian delights await me.”
“So Sherlock shot him…”
“No. No!” John shook his head vigorously. “I just wanted to—you know—in case you were…uncomfortable.”
It was more than three hours later that Sherlock finally had his answer and John, finally, convinced him it was time for them to go home and get some sleep. They were tidying up their mess in the lab when Sherlock finally brought the subject up again.
“All the other stuff, well…I don’t do it all by myself and I know you don’t expect that.” John lifted a wet hand to clasp Sherlock’s hand to his abdomen. “I’m not doing this alone, and I love you for it. I was saying that just the other day to Mary…”
John noted that she did not bring menus as she led him toward the back of the small, dimly lit space. It had clearly been designed for intimacy. The deep booths with high backs were private—even as they passed the tables that were occupied, he could barely make out the conversations. In a secluded corner, set apart from the rest of the restaurant by an archway and an artfully draped curtain, she stopped.
Sherlock was quick to reach under and pull his knees up, as John lowered himself over Sherlock’s body. He braced himself with his hands on the bed at Sherlock’s shoulders, his thrusts hard and steady. His belly was now rubbing over Sherlock’s over-sensitized cock and the poor man was trying desperately to stay silent. His eyes were watering with the effort.
John nodded, closing his eyes. “And I may shout once in a while, when I remember—well, it hasn’t been good, and it will take us all some time to recover from it. But once you’re home, we’ll start again. We’ll be okay.”
“Of course not, but—”
“No. I’m fine.”
John let the card drop into his lap and covered his face with his hands. It had been 17 years since he'd last broken down in this sitting room. Memories flooded in as he wept—Sherlock pulling him close, stroking his neck, whispering into his hair that it was going to be okay. Eventually.
“Better than nothing,” he muttered.
“Need?”
“I think so. The scent markers aren’t there yet, of course, but Kit has the protective instincts of an alpha. He’s confident in his decisions, and he can be quite territorial.”
“Stop fussing,” John snapped.
Mycroft’s hand lifted and Sherlock counted the steps as his brother took his leave.
Sherlock wrapped his free arm around John’s waist and held on. Eyes drooping, he surrendered to the feel of John’s hand in his hair.
Mycroft turned and closed his door, punching a code into the panel beside it. The door bolts slipped into place; Mycroft glanced up to where he knew the cameras would now be in blackout. He continued across the floor, approaching his own desk. "Where is who? Is Kit missing?"
“Oh, Captain,” Sherlock gasped. “My captain.”
Sherlock yelped at another hard application of John’s palm to his wool-covered bottom.
“So you are allowed to love me regardless of my shortcomings, but I am supposed to try and find some other being on the face of this planet who can tolerate me—”
“Mr. Holmes. Welcome. Please take a seat anywhere you feel comfortable.”
“Keepsake?”
Lestrade chuckled. “Sometimes I feel the same way. So what’s the deal with the painting?”
Sherlock felt a flutter of panic. “Just do as I ask. Please.”
“Dr. Watson, I apologize for my presumption…”
"We slowed his heart, to the point of stopping it. Sherlock was unconscious on the pavement, and for hours afterward. By the time he woke, you were out of immediate danger from the complications of the birth. To turn back then would have put you and the baby at risk..."
“And you blame me for Mary.”
“Did you lock the gates at the stairs?” he mumbled.
Sherlock had never bothered to count the number of steps to John’s floor, and could not manage to keep track in this instance. Not when he was admiring the fit of John’s trousers over his buttocks as John led him up the stairs.
Sherlock stood and began to pace. John followed his progress, taking in the clutter and strange objects resident in the flat: stacks of old papers and books (many in foreign languages), maps and photographs tacked to the wall beside the propaganda posters, strange objects that looked very like medical specimens floating in jars on the coffee table, a stuffed raccoon, a skull on the mantel.
“Not to mention the painters and decorators upstairs.” Margaret pointed to the van parked across the street. “And the electronics people for the custom intercom system in the nursery.”
“You can’t beat yourself up for what you didn’t know. You’re very healthy. I asked for a complete blood panel, and everything looks fine.” He typed another note into Greg’s electronic medical record. “I’ll have Lucy book you in with the midwife and in a couple of weeks you’ll have your first scan.”
The end is in sight, but there's still the question of Mary.
RATED E FOLKS!!! I have no excuses. This is some very weird PWP that came to me (if you will pardon the pun) while doing some research. Sorry ;)
“John, oh, yes. Oh, god. I want you to fuck me. Fuck me, please.”
John had intended the kiss to be brief—hard and passionate (and convincing), but brief. But when his own slightly chapped lips touched the warm, pliant mouth of the young man in his arms, his intentions became blurred.
John walked away from the desk and bolted for the foyer.
“Just waking up, I think,” Greg said. He grinned at John. “I’m still trying to sort out her signals.”
“Just waiting for you.”
John scrambled to keep up as they dashed from car to car, keeping a weather eye on the two behind them.
“And you and the mite—you’re all right, are you?”
“Yes, my love,” he whispered, chuckling. “I’m yours and you’re mine.” He pressed his lips against Sherlock’s cheek. “But you’re doing this load of washing, hmmm?”
“You are so beautiful,” he whispered, nibbling at Sherlock’s lips. “So brilliant. Amazing.”
“I just thought…if you were going to see me through a rut…”
“My own recovery was not without…problems,” Sherlock admitted. “I have been in considerable pain, as you might imagine. And I had so little to think about at first — I was so desperately bored, John. I began taking more and more of the morphine to ease the way. I found, when I had mostly healed, that I could not do without it.”
“In Afghanistan,” Sherlock replied. “Your leg was psychosomatic, but you
“Sherlock, Sherlock…” he chanted, burying his face into his mate’s neck.
Sherlock was reeling now, his mind struggling to accept what he was hearing. “But if you love me, then why…you married her. Mary. You chose her! You left me!”
“Why don’t we move this upstairs?” John suggested.
The house itself, built to face the sea rather than the lane, was an Edwardian masterpiece, with red brick on the main floor and Tudor-style white stucco and dark timbers above. The windows were large, mullioned affairs surrounded by dark shutters.
“Come on,” John chuckled. “Let’s worry about this later. I could murder some mussels.”
“Quite right,” John agreed happily, leaning into Sherlock’s side. “Thank you, love.”
“I just…I hate being looked after. I always have.”
Sherlock pulled away from him and turned to brace himself against the wall. He spread his bare legs, lowering his stance and exposing just a hint of his sweet, pink pucker. John groaned.
John’s own body responded to the flooding of his womb; he shot another load into the bedding beneath them. His body milked Sherlock with each contraction, causing the younger man to moan weakly. Sherlock collapsed on top of John, who quickly rolled them to their sides to wait out being joined together. He wrapped Sherlock’s arm about his waist and allowed himself to doze — he could already hear the alpha snoring behind him.
Janine nodded. “You are such a clever clogs,” she teased, moving in close to run a hand over Sherlock’s chest.  “I want you dead, naturally, but first I wanted to finish what Jimmy started. I wanted you to burn. I wanted you to feel your heart tearing itself to bits inside your chest with the pain you’d caused John, and ache of knowin’ that it was too late because while he might love you—DOES love you—he’d found someone else and was going to marry her. I wanted you to seethe when you discovered who Mary really was and be overcome with terror that she might hurt John…and yet be utterly helpless to do anythin’ except protect him and the life you thought he still wanted. Though Mary did panic and very nearly cut all my fun short.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “My…”
Sherlock looked behind him at Jim’s body.
“I said, I’m sorry.”
“So no major damage from the fire?” Greg asked.
“Okay. Okay. Right, then…I should just be going.” Greg started to back away.
Sorry for the delay in updating. I have been in hell with a herniated disk in my neck and really gross commitments at work. A couple of chapters today and then the finale (and porn) next week!
“Yes.”
“What about you?” John asked.
“At your parents’? What about…Sherlock?” He glanced down and realized that Sherlock had dozed off. “Oh, never mind.” He slid sideways and wiggled and shifted until he was laying full length on the sofa with Sherlock draped over him. He kissed the top of Sherlock’s head. “Sleep now, love. Tell me tomorrow.”
“Right.”
He stood and reached back in an effort to haul Sherlock to his feet. Sherlock had been more than a little tipsy when he’d fallen asleep. With that and being as sleepy as he was, he was hopelessly clumsy. He stumbled forward into John.
“W-we should probably get you started with your first jab.”
“Yeah, that was convincing.”
“I-I think so. But he’s never shown any sign of wanting anything like this. And he’s never spoken about it since—my heat. He acts as though it never happened. It’s not like he’s an overly emotional sort…well, you would know. You’ve got one of your own.”
He felt the movement as John's other hand slipped beneath the covers to stroke his own fully erect cock.
John shook his head, trying to shake off the malaise that had been plaguing him for months. He was unsettled, but he didn’t know why, exactly.
