Maybe it's because, despite not knowing how, he's desperate to tell someone what happened. Maybe it's Piper's lack of hesitation to equate Leo and Cas. Maybe it's because even big brothers need older siblings once in a while. Whatever the reason, Dean's mouth opens almost of its own accord and the words fall out.
, and I can't get it out." A tear escapes from his eye before he can stop it, racing down his cheek. He sniffs and quickly goes to wipe it away, but Piper catches his hand, stopping him.
"How?" Dean demands. His voice is rougher than he means it to be, and he pauses, taking a deep breath before continuing. "How do you do it?" Piper runs her hand through her long hair, pulling it over one shoulder.
"No, no, don't worry, I got this," Piper says, standing and eyeing the knife distastefully, as if being stabbed was somehow a more brutal fate than being blown to pieces.
"I don't know," she says. "Sometimes we have to lose people to save them. It sucks - but Leo's not gone. Neither is Castiel."
Dean's not sure why he decides in that moment that he's going to tell Piper the thing that's been keeping him up at night. The real reason that he keeps reaching for the whisky bottle. The memory that he just can't shake, no matter how many times he replays it in his mind, willing for it to be different.
"Dean, I lost my angel. Let me help you find yours." He doesn't know what to say to that. So he says nothing at all - just untangles his hand from hers to hook it around her shoulders, pulling her close and kissing the top of her head. Piper huffs in protest at being jostled, but she doesn't pull away.
She had said "10 minutes" on the phone. Lebanon, Kansas is approximately a twenty-one-hour drive away, but Dean's fairly sure that she's not driving. In fact, if she's travelling the way he suspects, he could be in Antarctica and she would still be able to meet him 10 minutes or less.
Something moves out of the corner of his eye. It's a small movement that most people wouldn't even register, but Dean's hunter instincts hone in on it immediately.
"Alright, I don't sound like that," Dean protests, even as the corners of his mouth twitch. Piper grins, her features smoothing out from their mock Winchester imitation into a smile that becomes more sincere as she leans in closer.
"We were trapped in the Bunker, running from Death. Cas summoned the Empty. It took Death and saved my life - but it took him too," Dean pauses. "I don't know what to do Pip," he admits, and it's a mark of the sincerity of the conversation that Piper doesn't object to the nickname as she normally would do. "He's gone. Jack's gone. And I'm still here and... I don't know what to do. It's like there's this damn knife in my chest,
He doesn't know how long he would've stayed in his own solitary circle, slowly spiralling into despair, had Sam not found him that morning, asleep on the floor with a half-empty bottle of whisky for a pillow. This had hardly been an unusual way for Dean to sleep recently, but it must have been the last nail in the coffin of Sam's concern, as this time he hadn't just bitten his lip and helped him to his bed before taking the whisky and trying to hide it in a better place than he had done the last time.
"Just doing my job." He knows that clairvoyance is not one of Piper's powers as a witch, but she clearly sees through his bravado anyway, as she sits down next to him on the bench, her eyes boring into his. Dean makes space for her and meets her gaze head on.
"About a month ago, I watched my entire family disappear before my eyes," she says by way of greeting. "I was the last one to go. Then suddenly, everyone's back again but it's somehow months later." He opens one eye to see her standing directly in front of him, looking him up and down with a faintly disapproving expression on her face. "I should've known a Winchester would be involved somehow."
Castiel reaches across the counter and curls his fingers in Aaron’s shirt, jerking him forward until they’re almost nose to nose.  “You should
With a deep growl, Castiel’s arms tighten around Dean, pulling him even closer.  Strong fingers grip Dean’s ass, squeezing firmly and making Dean’s toes curl in the soft sand under his feet.  Throwing his head back, Dean squeezes his eyes shut and wiggles his hips in Castiel’s grasp, alternating between pushing back into his hands and grinding forward to feel the hot slide of their cocks between their bellies.  Castiel takes it as an invitation to latch onto his throat.  He gasps as teeth slide over his skin with just the right amount of pressure.
“Not really,” Dean answers quietly.  “I just brought in a bunch of album covers, Zeppelin, Styx, Boston… asked them to make something up based on that.”
“Sam has called me C-3PO as well,” Castiel says as he shrugs out of his robe.  He folds it neatly and sets it on the bed near his unused pillow before turning back to Dean.  “I don’t understand the significance.”
From across the room, Castiel catches Sam’s smile. The taller Winchester winks at him, and Castiel would very much like to hug him as well, but his limbs feel locked into place.  Not by programming, or by anything Chuck is doing, but by what he believes is possibly sheer shock.
By the time he’s guided the car out of the long tunnel exit from the bunker, he’s already receiving a call from Dean.  He leaves it unanswered and turns the nose of the car toward the city where he can access the intercity tunnels.
“Can you pull off your coat for me?” Max’s voice is deep and soothing, and he doesn’t make a move.  His patience is rewarded when Dean shifts and slips one arm free of his coat.  Still without releasing his grip on Castiel’s hand.  Max moves slowly and steadily, telegraphing each motion clearly as he swabs a spot on Dean’s arm and then administers the shot.
“Oh fuck you,” Gabriel growls.  He goes on the attack, running fingers up Sam’s ribs and under his arms again, making him howl with laughter even as he desperately tries to squirm away.  Only when he begs for mercy does Gabriel relent.
He helps Dean to the pile of blankets in the corner, and when Dean collapses on it, he sees the patch of blood at his thigh.  Fear chills his skin.  “Dammit, Dean,” he curses softly.  “You weren’t supposed to get yourself killed over me.”
Castiel’s voice slides over him like a warm hand, and Dean wants to arch into him the same way Lore is doing right now.
The doors of the other car open, Jimmy and Dean exiting and waiting for Sam and Castiel to join them.  Sam gets out of the car right away, but Castiel hesitates, suddenly unsure if he still wants to meet his programmer.  Jimmy’s initial disbelief in Castiel’s sentience had been unpleasant to experience, and he is very likely to receive the same treatment from his programmer.
Once his windpipe is clear he turns a glare on her.  “I like dick, but if a dude started a conversation with that, I wouldn’t be impressed.”
Dean’s first reaction to Castiel’s proximity is to put a few more inches between them.  But then he remembers that Castiel is interested in getting a lot closer, and all the sexual frustration he’s been ignoring for days comes rushing back.  He doesn’t have to ignore it now though.  They’re alone, and there’s nothing pressing that needs either of their attention now that the washer is humming along normally.
Castiel is glad for it, even as he sends up a prayer for the dead Indian.  He doesn’t know if the man was kind or cruel, or if he was with Alistair’s gang voluntarily and chose to give his body over for the demon’s use.  But in case he was an innocent, he hopes the man’s soul finds peace with whatever gods he believed in.
Dean doesn’t look up from the full glass in front of him.  “Since when do you encourage drinking, Sammy?”
Castiel stands tall under the Winchester brothers’ scrutiny, knowing men like these will take measure of his worth quickly.  He’d already had his chance to observe the brothers while they’d blinked in the dim light of the Marshal’s office.  The taller brother had gained his attention first.  It’s hard
As they get closer, they straighten and Castiel notices Dean wince when he has to put all his weight on his own leg.  And he’s limping a little bit when he shuffles over to Castiel’s log and flops down on it.
He kisses and sucks a path down Gabriel’s body, pausing to play with his nipples until fingers tug insistently at his hair.  Then he moves lower, nipping and kissing, and then he’s sucking Gabriel’s cock between his lips.  He moans around its girth, and almost changes his mind about who’s going to top tonight.  But he’ll wait until they’re together in real life because Gabriel only bottoms in VR and Sam really
They reach the edge of the environmental dome, and the car shakes slightly as the wind buffets it.  Castiel keeps his eyes trained outside although there’s very little to see besides dirt fields and barely there hills.  Dean is trying to decide how to broach the subject of Castiel possibly being built for more than sex, when Castiel breaks the silence.
This time when Dean follows Sam, Cas lets him go.  He nudges his horse into a run, and they ride hard toward Mexico.
Wishing he could rewind the clock and be back in bed with Dean again, Castiel places a hand on Hannah’s shoulder.  “Dean, this is Hannah.”  He turns his attention to her, and finds her frowning at Dean in deep confusion.  “Hannah, this is Dean.  My boyfriend.”
“It’s okay,” Castiel reassures him. He continues to rub Dean’s hand, even though it’s clenched tightly around his own.  “It’s not your fault.”
The rhythm of give and take is interrupted when the washing machine makes a loud thunking noise, and then begins to vibrate as its barrel starts to spin.  Castiel could easily have dismissed the noise, but Dean lifts his head with a gasp, breaking the kiss.  He blinks down at Castiel, unfocused, flushed, his lips a brighter shade of pink and damp from both their tongues.
“Yeah well maybe it would have helped anyway,” he says.  An internal check shows he’s finally got a signal so he sends a priority message with enough details to make Sam hurry.  Enough to piss him off too, but time is of the essence, and Dean would rather deal with Sam’s temper than end up becoming something they’d normally hunt.  “I just messaged Sam, so we should get to the car and head his direction.”
“You want to buy a drink?” the barkeep asks bluntly.  By his tone it’s clear Castiel won’t receive any information for free.
“Hey, I appreciate your sudden zeal for order,” he says dryly as he watches her throw a wrench into a drawer.  It nearly bounces right back out.  “But if you break it, you buy it.”
He puts his lips around the flask’s rim, tilts his head back, and feigns a large swallow.  There’s no way he’s going to actually drink the stuff, but his lips are wet with it.  Licking his lips, he hopes that his healing nanos can handle that small of a dose, and that the vamp happily flashing her sharps at him doesn’t notice the flask’s weight didn’t change when he hands it back to her.
He finds a rocky outcrop where he can sit down in the water while keeping Cas firmly in his lap.  Cas lifts his head and meets Dean’s gaze with hazy blue eyes.
He stares at Dean in growing fascination.  Their conversation reveals something very personal, very private.  He wonders how many people ever see this side of Dean.  A man who yearns for freedom in justice in an unjust world.
Dean’s pleasure is always his own, even if Castiel doesn’t experience arousal and orgasm the way an organic creature would.  He still treasures every nanosecond of their lovemaking.
Dean’s mind is racing again, but as he’s pulled out of the cell he continues to come up blank.  Well, not completely.  Questions keep blaring through his head.
“Do you think the sheriff will keep him till the marshal gets here with the reward money?” a deputy asks.
Spinning a wrench between his fingers, Benny shrugs.  “It’s the way you been smiling today.  You have the look.”
After dinner he lights a cigarette, takes several short puffs, then passes it to his brother.  Sam inhales deeply, nodding his appreciation before handing it back.  When Dean notices Cas’ curious glances he holds it out to him in silent offer.
He should leave Cas there, let him wake with a crick in his neck, but he doesn’t.  With a snort of disgust, he risks waking Cas by slipping a hand around his waist and another under his knees.  Cas isn’t light; he’s as tall as Dean and surprisingly well muscled.  But Dean is strong from a lifetime of digging up graves and carrying corpses.  He can even lift Sammy when needed, and Cas is a similar in weight but far less gangly.  And it’s only a few steps to the bed.
“Yeah, just… Be careful, okay?” There’s an edge to his voice that Castiel suspects Sam uses when he’s in Deputy Mode.  “Dean’s… well he’s been through a lot of shit in his life.”
He wouldn’t even have to use his safeword.  A simple “no” would suffice, and Dean would instantly release him.  But he doesn’t want out.  He gathers his concentration and forces lips that don’t feel like his own anymore to move.  “Dean...”
Castiel does as he’s asked, and soon they’re sitting at the table with Sam and Eileen.  The meal is simple but delicious, and the company is enjoyable.  After they’re all finished, Sam and Eileen head out, wishing Castiel better health as they head out the door.
From the doorway he spots a redheaded woman emerge from the stairway, and he backs up, closing the door until there’s just a sliver of space for him to watch through.  She stops in front of the room Pamela had left Castiel in and opens it.  Then she stands on the threshold, confusiion marring her features.
And he doesn’t believe that Cas hasn’t at least received offers.  If they’d met under different circumstances, Dean would have propositioned him almost immediately.  Risking a broken nose for his forwardness would have been worth it for the opportunity to spend a few pleasurable hours naked with him.
Very carefully, he turns his head and looks down at his bags near the foot of the bed.  There’s a bottle of pills in there, and he knows taking one will help his headache.
All this new information leaves Castiel’s head spinning.  Despite suspecting it for a long time, and knowing the truth for at least a few days now, just the fact that
Browned leaves and twigs crunch underfoot, adding counterbeat to the melody of birdsong and the harmony of wind twining through branches.  The forest’s song pulls Castiel deeper, and with each step into nature’s cathedral he feels a layer of stress created by day to day civilized life peel away.
Castiel hums, his smile firming and his eyes twinkling with mischief.  “That’s a good idea.  The view is far more attractive from the outside.”
“Keep us both alive,” Cas says firmly, and hell if Dean doesn’t half believe him with that kind of conviction.
With a grunt, Dean heaves himself off his ass.  First to his knees, and then his feet.  And despite the fact that he’s still a spring chicken and full of healing tech, his nerves light up in protest to the movement.  His nanites are programmed to immediately repair broken bones and organ damage, but slow down after that to save resources, leaving him sore and bruised.  He’s going to be feeling that flight across the room for a day or two.
The blond, evil-looking man across the table smiled and introduced himself, “Morningstar. Luciano. My little bumblebees told me to expect you here tonight.”
Sam nodded. “That was also when it clicked for me. I saw a Bio special on El Chavo a while back, and it talked about what a rare and priceless gun collection he has. Still, I’m sure once I was out of the way, they went back and found that firing pin in Bobby’s pocket. I should have gone back for it.”
“Damn,” huffed Dean. His mouth twitched in thought as he determined what to do. “He will want it immediately,” he determined. “I shall take it to him.”
Claire answered the door when Cas rang the bell, and before he could blink he had a face full of blonde hair and an octopus around his waist.
"Dean," Castiel watches the man's face in strained mirth. "You have been in Hell. I cannot know what that is like for a man."
“Whisky. Blood, from the cut inside my bottom lip. Salt.” Dean’s voice choked, and he realized that he was crying freely, but at least silently.
Eventually Dean left the smithy in search of Benny who would have the key to unchain Dr. Franklin and release him to enjoy a hot meal with everyone else.
Provided no other option, Cas obeyed with the consoling thought that at least he would end up at the same hospital as Sam and, by extension, Dean.
The next day, Gabriel and Charlie met for breakfast at an inn with a dining terrace that overlooked the park. It was a new fad on a fine day for gentlefolk to dine
Cas walked to a room that held an early mid-century dining table with six Edwardian chairs. It was charmingly mismatched and worked well together.
He looked around the room filled with assembled pieces of wood and metal and tools and wire. A random assortment of large light globes littered a table by the window, looking ethereal and arcane. Another set of much smaller globes sat upon the mantle.
El Chavo was a notorious Central American drug lord. The United States identified him as Belezian, but Belize disavowed him and insisted he was Costa Rican. It was all semantics, anyway, considering his vast acreage of growing fields were in Colombia. Although no one was sure where El Chavo hailed from, everyone knew his face, Sam included, and when he had spotted the mustachioed man with heavy black eyebrows he had known he was in trouble. Of course, the man shooting Bobby in the head was also a dead giveaway.
Back in his room, Dean ran a quick bath to rid himself of the beach sand that had been irritating his toes and crevices all evening. While water filled the tub, he pulled the bottom drawer out of the bureau and flipped it over. His envelope of cash was still wedged beneath the drawer’s support rod. Dean took his clean suit out of the wardrobe, tucked the envelope into the breast pocket of the jacket, and righted the bureau again.
“What is it, Dean? I heard you yell,” Castiel strolled into the kitchen with his eyes on some ledger. The pencil in his hand gave it away.
Dean felt the gears in his mind begin to slow almost instantly. With a deep breath, his leg stopped vibrating. He closed his eyes and felt his muscles relax in stages as Ellen stood beside his chair and ran her cool fingertips through his hair. Trying not to think about his alpha in a rut just down the corridor, Dean grasped at a different thread of what Ellen had said, trying to think of Castiel as a harmless baby.
Everyone tittered, and the moment moved on. Dean mentally slapped himself for being overly familiar with Jess in front of these snobs.
“Patience, my dear, what is happening on the street?” Missouri moved to her granddaughter, who looked ashen and fearful.
"Okay. I tell you what, I'll take you upstairs and you can clean up and change and come down when you're ready, alright?"
After those three shots, time lurched like it was in the wrong gear, and Dean knew he’d had enough to drink for a while. He looked around and remembered the sold-out show in his hometown. He was in the green room, pants unzipped, while a cute blonde and an equally attractive twink shared his cock. Life was good, or so he told himself in his alcoholic haze. He let his eyes close so he could just feel.
Dean sighs and runs a hand through his hair. After thirty years in Hell it hasn't changed, hasn't grown. He wonders at things like that sometimes.
“Gabriel sent three boys out. They will find him.” For the first time all day, Castiel looked out the window and noticed that it was snowing very hard, the street lamp in the crossroads had been lit, and it created an ethereal white glow behind the driving snow.
Castiel grumbled but allowed Dean to tug him toward the doorway where Dean turned to address his brother once more. “First of all,
Castiel nodded and slipped into the water. Dean knew it was cold by the way Cas’ shoulders tensed, but the man made no sound and before he could protest, he was submerged and moving to the caves, belied only by a faint ripple on the surface of the lake.
“—No. He’s not. Live with him if you want to, but if you marry that man before your contract with me is up, you’ll default on well over a million in financing for your tours and studio and crew and…”
Castiel’s stomach tightened as he saw that beautiful man smile with his friend. Castiel could not avoid the mission, for it was his only road to Dean, and Dean was his blood, his heartbeat, and his soul. As long as he had Dean, he would find the right path in life, no matter the despicable Prince Regent’s plans.
The task at hand was not a pleasant one. Castiel could tell Dean Winchester was in a daze through the paperwork. He only let his eyes rest on the face of the corpse for a fraction of a second, no doubt wishing he could unsee the hole in the center of the forehead. Once the forms were signed, Castiel set a cup of coffee in front of Dean and took a minute to sit across from him at the yellowing Formica table.
Charlie huffed, obviously disappointed that Dean didn’t have an idea after sounding like he had one. Instead she picked up a nearby rod wrapped in copper wire and began to add to the things she had already taught Dean about electricity over their course of working together thus far.
“But darling,” Jessica said with a slow smile creeping onto her face, “You cannot be a Whig; we are part of the royal family.” It was utterly absurd! She had to laugh.
“Take it. My gift to you. Since your husband is away and mine is not, you have more need of it than I do.”
Ever fastidiously picky about the quality of his creations, Dean was delighted with the clarity that the blue burn off of spirits left inside the glass globes. He began to wonder if a piston plunger would be able to draw the air out of the glass instead of using a burn that could potentially damage the platinum.
Doffing his hat to the three of them, Lord Crowley bowed very low in greeting. When the princess had curtseyed and Dean and Lady Charlie had bowed in return, the four of them sat. Jessica called for another cup and a fresh pot of tea.
Not long after Lord Crowley’s visit, when Winchester was awaiting the arrival of its first load of coal from a barge on the towpath, the three gentlemen of the castle returned home.
The intimate endearment made Castiel pause to assess Dean more closely. “Are you drunk, omega?” he asked under his breath.
As sleep claimed him, Dean thought the plan through in a dream: the crossroads, the box, the dirt, the deal, the reunion, the kiss.
The following weeks consisted of Dean and Cas in the Chevrolet driving North by Northwest to sign over the deed for Dean’s land to Frank Devereaux from the bank in Falcon’s Rest.
Dean pushed Cas onto his back and straddled his lap, and Dean’s groaning picked up again as he speared himself on Cas’s cock.
On Sunday Dean woke up in his chair around noon with a splitting headache, a stiff back, needing coffee, and wanting food. Charlie would be back from Houston today, so the first thing he did was text her to see where she was.
“He is my true mate,” he said in a low voice, as though the curtains might overhear and spread the gossip.
“That is not it at all,” Castiel interrupted. “Sam is well known at the university for his intelligence and integrity, and no one doubts his competence. The Regent assured himself that your brother’s character and abilities were more than promising--” but Dean cut him off.
“I know, omega.” Castiel murmured, prying one hand away from Dean’s to touch the omega’s face. And Dean was surprised when moist fingertips trailed down from the corner of his eyes. Was he crying? Dean sniffed sharply and tried to stand, but Castiel held him fast. “Don’t. Let yourself feel. It’s beautiful. You’re beautiful.”
Dean stood back at first and ducked his head to her most formally before she laughed and opened her arms to receive him. Dean took her offered hug and even kissed her cheek as Sam exchanged pleasantries with the others behind him.
The boy glanced up from his work as he muttered, “How can I help you, sir?” but then he did a double take upon noticing the multicolored mess that was Castiel’s eye.
“Like I said, if you can think of people who had a grudge, anything personal that might have caused trouble for Bobby Singer, anything at all.”
After standing semi-submerged long enough that his feet must have been numb in the cold lake, Castiel slipped the buttons of his waistcoat and tossed the garment to shore before cupping the cold lake water in both hands and tossing it onto his face twice. With head and shoulders soaked, the white linen shirt transparent against his torso, the colonel took a tentative step toward the grass where Dean sat. He moved slowly, and though Dean attributed his caution to uncertain footing, it could well have been deliberation to make Dean feel safer, to let the omega know that this alpha meant no harm. After all, an unmated omega alone under the falling afternoon sun with an alpha clearly struggling to rein in his desire was a circumstance to warrant some caution, indeed.
"Yes. I've been writing reports, responding to emails, taking damn phone calls. All I want to do is sit here in the beatific knowledge that my team is out there doing good, and doing it right, and creating as little as possible for me to do. Instead, I'm hearing from the mayor's office, from the governor's office, from the FBI and HSA. And do they want me to string you up and flay you alive for your gross negligence and flaunting protocol and bringing a damn civilian--a celebrity civilian, no less-- to the scene of a great big heaping mess of paperwork?"
Lord Balthazar, seeking safe passage as well, also bowed before following Gabriel out and saluted Dean with, “Your humble servant.”
“No, I guess not, Sammy,” Dean said quietly, plucking at his own shirtsleeves that were rolled up to the elbows because he hadn’t even bothered to don a coat in the mild summer weather amidst the day’s outdoor work. “They’re not
By the time he entered the lobby, there was Detective Castiel Novak talking to some guys in uniform while some others in hazmat-looking booties and gloves went over the place with little makeup brushes. The hotel manager flitted around having hysterics at the scene the police were causing in his lobby. Dean breezed past them to the elevators and went up to the 9
Castiel reached out for Dean’s hands, but the omega took up a frenzied fixation on weeding, yanking stems from the grass and tossing the clumps of verdure, dirt and all, into the lake water to create ripples on its surface, sending the little birds up in swirls from their roosts to fly up, circle, and relight upon the cattails. Castiel stared into his mate’s shining eyes and simply murmured, “I love you, Dean. I would not have loved you less if--” He scratched at his hair. “If you were like me.”
Cas was focused so intently that he nearly shrieked when a hand splayed across his ribs. He opened his mouth to chide Dean but stopped short when he saw him there. Naked, wet, his hair damp and half plastered to his brow. Cas was only sad there was no sunlight for this. No light to catch the mesmerizing green spark of Dean’s eyes, to highlight the glistening pink of his lips.
Castiel’s already radiant face lit impossibly brighter as a heartfelt smile broke across his visage, “I love him, Sam,” he said matter-of-factly. Dean’s heart soared, and he beamed beatifically into his true mate’s face while around them, the room froze, except for Sam who sat forward.
The grooms themselves had expressed their wishes to walk back to the castle. A mile in the fresh air, Dean suggested, would do well to clear the heat from his blood at last. Castiel, stoic in his uniform by his husband’s side, said nothing. His eyes and his entire aspect adhered to Dean, however, and it was clear to anyone who saw them that the alpha would follow the omega anywhere.
He pasted on an affable smile and stood at the back doorway to bid his mate a modest farewell on his way to the stables. “Wait,” he said, when they had barely set foot on the track that led downhill. He detoured to the garden and pulled up a pair of carrots, each of which he snapped in two. Handing the four treats to Castiel he said, “One for each of your horses, and one for Baby and one for Nova.”
He could not read it if he wanted to because tears clouded his eyes. He nodded to her, not trusting his voice to answer without breaking.
His resolve only settled more firmly in his bones when he saw Dean pointing up the road at a looming cloud of dust. From his upper window, Castiel could see that Gabriel and Balthazar had finally arrived in their laden wagons, and soon the party could sit to dine together.
Castiel retreated behind his bedroom door and stood with his eyes closed a moment before proceeding to undress.
With a sigh, Dean launched into his tale. “We’ve always looked out for each other, but somewhere along the way he turned into a mother hen over my drinking. Doesn’t even try to see it from my point of view. It’s mild compared to what I could be doing, only Sam thinks I’m doing that, too. I’m not.”
Without needing to hear the words, Dean knew he was about to be kissed, and he welcomed Castiel’s lips with a wordless invitation.
Dean identified the shape of a playful puppy in an errant cloud that appeared as from nowhere and watched as it morphed into an upturned cart and then some wisps of breath on a cold morning. He was roused from his reverie when Baby’s soft nose brushed against his hand. He lifted it to scratch her jaw and looked to see his face reflected in the large, dark eye that regarded him.
Dean raised an eyebrow at his husband’s cheekiness, but dug his fingers into his pocket and pulled out the sapphire cravat pin while also manifesting from a plain wooden box well a small silver implement of some kind. Castiel worked his socks down his calves as Dean picked a spot on the coat’s lapel and pinned the shining silver jewel there. He held the coat up to his husband.
Inside the tavern a joyous din met his ears as the scents of ale and roast meat assaulted his senses. No longer smiling giddily, Castiel was on high alert, scanning the crown with anxious eyes, looking for his mate amidst the throng.
Beneath the deep desire for Dean, Castiel knew that the West Indies and the excruciating sea journey to reach them, would challenge him physically as well as mentally, especially coming, as it would, on the heels of abandoning his mate. Castiel labored over what to do about Dean, how to break the news to him. At one moment he was convinced they should absolutely marry as planned, even though he would have to depart soon after, but the next moment, he doubted his ability to survive a long sea journey and tropical war having tasted Dean but once before leaving him for two years.
But he noted the alarm writ across Castiel’s features, and Dean considering the shame that might stem from calling for a physician who may be needed more acutely elsewhere for blistered feet. In the face of embarrassing his alpha, Dean relented from talk of a doctor. “I do see, but Your Grace, you must have them seen to so they might heal quickly.”
He was tense and tired when he got back to the Hotel Galvez. Dean wanted nothing more than to fall into bed and sleep the following day away, but he stopped at the concierge desk, sniffing at his coat sleeve, put off by the lingering reek of Morningstar’s cigar.
Dean looked up and noticed that everyone was retreating through the double doors in pairs, so he good-naturedly took Castiel’s proffered elbow and allowed himself to be led through to the grand table. It didn’t occur to him until later that Castiel’s gesture of allowing Dean to touch his person was shockingly intimate for acquaintances that had only just met. In Dean’s former circles, bowing was utterly foresworn for being a symbol of the crown’s tyranny, and casual touching was altogether normal; Dean had often seen Bobby Singer shake a man’s hand upon meeting him. However, Dean had been thoroughly, if hastily, trained in the manners of the gentlefolk before the wedding day had arrived, and Sam had stressed the importance of touching no one. It was all still new to Dean, though, and he wondered if, in this case, taking Castiel’s elbow signified anything. He had taken it as a matter of course that a man of Castiel’s bearing was probably an alpha, and he finally reckoned as they neared the table that the offered elbow was merely a gesture that signified that the alpha recognized Dean as omega. Of course, in polite society it was the custom never to stand close enough to accidentally scent another person, and designations were strictly never mentioned outside of families. Therefore, Dean kept his conjectures, and his nose, to himself.
There wasn’t a lot to say in reply to that statement. Dean moved his arms off the table when Adam showed up with their drinks.
“It’s also possible,” Castiel conjectured, “that he actually approached El Chavo that day, but we can’t know that for sure.”
“Alpha,” Dean snapped to get his husband’s attention. “Calm down. Send a boy to find Bobby. He’s probably at the forge with Benny, and one of them can take the rig to get Rowena.
She allowed him to help her up and pull her into a hug. "It seems like I was telling you all about him not too long ago."
After the noise was at a lull for a moment, Castiel sought the answer to his conundrum, “Pray, where are the gentlemen, this morning?” he ventured.
Dean stared in awe as the glass glowed with a supernatural white light. Charlie admired her handiwork and then Dean’s look of wonder. “Now I just have to get this to work inside the house,” she grumbled.
A soaking sweat erupted over Dean’s flesh, and the omega moaned with wanton desire, further igniting the alpha’s need. Thus lost in a double bond of one another’s swirling desire, neither of them noticed the footsteps, but Kevin’s uncomfortable cough from the corridor broke through the tangible lust.
Throughout dinner, the Moseleys regaled the trio of gentlefolk with stories from the Winchester brothers’ youth. Laughter abounded, with a few wry glances exchanged between the threesome when Sam’s exploits were brought up. The Glassblowers Street locals were not blind to these exchanges, and both Missouri and Bobby’s concern for the new duke grew. After all, they had seen Sam enter the university, and they had seen him acquire a new set of friends, and they had seen him accept money that Dean had been saving for his own new (used) winter wardrobe to use on opera tickets. It did not take a genius to discern the changes that had come over Sam Winchester since being made a duke.
“Have you told these plans to Castiel?” Lady Charlie asked over the last of her cheese tart. “Well,” Dean began with a dreamy sigh after he had licked the strawberry cream from his fingers. “I’ve started to tell him. But every time I begin to describe my plans, he gets flustered and that frown descends upon his brow. Before I know it, he has letters to write or some other nonsense that keeps him away from me.”
Dean frowned at the dire extremity of the slippery slope the household staff must balance upon, but did as he was bid.
“I know, Baby. I’m pathetic.” Normally, Dean would be working to earn his keep or tinkering with his contraptions just to occupy himself, but he had run short of bits and pieces to work with. Furthermore, he lacked a necessary tool that had gone missing from his workshop. He suspected he had mislaid it, or loaned it to Charlie, but without it he was stalled for now.
There was also a poster for a reward on a man with a stunning face. CJ Novak, it said, wanted for huckstering and hawking snake oil in Utah. Dean blushed just looking at the drawing because after what he had just read in the broadsheet, the solemn brow, straight nose, and thick lips on the Novak character teased the taut edges of his carnal desire. The man’s eyes were drawn round and clear as crystals, and the hair was raven black. Licking his lips, Dean carefully folded the thin page and put it alongside the broadsheet in his vest.
Taking a moment to stand back and watch the newcomers and ponder Dr. Franklin’s strange greeting, Dean helped himself to a plate of bread pudding handed him by Jo, who was working in the tavern that day. Upon assessing the group around the tables, Dean could see that Dr. Franklin was already becoming friends with Lord Balthazar as he spoke animatedly. Beyond that, Dean could see that Lady Charlie and Patience were not to be found, and he guessed Charlie was still having fits over the lamps.
Sam and Dean both sat opposite Eileen so she could see them speak and carry on a lively conversation with them. The pots of sweet tea kept coming and coming until Dean was finally no longer parched but was buzzing instead.
Both Gabriel and Castiel looked over to him. Dean became suddenly self-conscious about the way his cheeks bulged with the over-large bite of eggs and toast he had shoveled into his face. He chewed deliberately and swallowed, even taking care to sip at his tea to clear his mouth. “I’m available,” he clarified then. “I know how to use a hammer. I even have a little crucible, and I can fashion nails, if needs be. Or straighten old ones for reuse.”
“Whose house is this?” he asked as he threw a leg over the side of the tub and touched the slightly-too-hot water with a timid toe.
When the baby moved beneath his alpha’s hands for the first time, Dean’s breath caught in his throat and he stopped trying to hide. He took Castiel’s wrist and placed the big strong fingers directly over the activity and locked eyes with Castiel as the alpha felt it.
The omega bore the inspection with a roll of his eyes and waited for Castiel to settle in front of him again. The alpha set the candle down and enfolded Dean in his embrace. The omega trembled slightly, like a wounded animal, but Castiel did not mention it for fear of hurting the fierce omega’s pride.
Dean saw that she looked forlorn by herself at the punch table, and so he approached her and bowed very low to invite her to dance. Charlie laughed at his antics and bowed very low in return, barely keeping herself from guffawing in a most unladylike manner, and happily took his arm. They danced a quadrille, excellently played by Castiel and the lone musician they were able to find in the town—an omega boy named Max who played a violin like an Irishman and looked very stiff in one of Lord Balthazar’s borrowed tailcoats. The boy could play a rousing jig and accompanied Castiel very well for the ten shillings he had been promised for the evening’s work. Soon enough the vigorous dancing left Dean and Charlie parched, so they stopped to take refreshment by the window. The punch had taken on a more potent element since his last cup, but it had grown very hot in the wide hall where the dancing was taking place, and Dean could not help but drink several cups of the cool refreshment.
The tune still hummed through his head as he used his spare key to unlock the house. The place was clean as a whistle, as both men had been raised by a Marine to be tidy to a fault. Sam didn't even have someone come in to clean like Dean did. He was just neat by nature.
“If you think of anything further the household will require, please send someone up to me this evening. I want to be able to provide everyone’s wants to Lady Charlie in good time.”
“Oh shit, sorry!” Dean pulls his hand back immediately.  “I forgot you took a spill.  Let’s get you inside and settled so you can rest.”
Dean shifts his attention to Castiel and can’t help grinning at how eager he is.  Cas is practically bouncing on his toes.  He remembers that feeling like it was yesterday, even though it’s been almost a year since he went through this same process with Cas.  Shifting, he makes room for Castiel to take his place in front of Jack.  “Why don’t you do the honors, Cas?”
“Speak of the devil,” Dean says with a grin.  He throws an arm over Eileen’s shoulder and pulls her into his side.  “Heya Sammy! You’re too late, I’ve stolen your wife’s heart and we’re running off to the big city together.”
The drive is quiet.  Unlike their initial trip into the city, Castiel keeps any questions he might have to himself although he still stares out the windows like he’s soaking up every detail.  The only time he turns his attention away from the passing scenery--mostly decrepit buildings at first, although they’re replaced by newer and cleaner buildings as they reach higher levels--is when Dean engages the auto drive.
“I already ordered the chain, but it’s coming from out of state.  Tracking down parts in the scrap yard will take some time.  Ordering anything else will add more…” Dean rubs at his nose, leaving a dark smear behind.  His oily rag had done little to properly clean his hands.  “So I’m thinking a week?  Maybe two if you want me to clean up the paint job and scratches.”
He doesn’t quite catch Sam’s response, but from the tone he suspects that he’ll probably get rat burgers for dinner.  It’s not beef, but he still prefers it over tofu or, heaven forbid, vat grown protein.  Just because the news “debunked” the theory that it’s made of cockroaches doesn’t mean Dean’s gonna believe them.  He’s
Before Dean reaches Cas, there’s a gunshot.  The corpse holding Cas down arches and a sickly yellow light flickers under its skin before it collapses on top of him.
He’s startled out of his reverie when Sam plops down in the chair he’d vacated earlier.  “You’re up!” he says breathlessly.  Eileen leans over his shoulders, grinning far too smugly for comfort.
He presses his lips together, pretending to consider her offer.  “I don’t suppose you’ve got a smoke to go with it?”
Castiel blinks at him with sleepy eyes.  He’s not much of a morning person, but he usually does better than Dean.  “Good morning, Sam.”
There’s a flash of disappointment in Dean’s eyes, and Castiel wonders if Dean expected him to continue sleeping on his couch.  But whatever disappointment Dean feels is quickly hidden, replaced with worry.  “I can give you a ride.”
Castiel sets his boot next to the other one and stretches his legs out, wiggling his toes.  He sighs at the sensation of freedom that small movement provides.  “I don’t believe so.”
Frowning, Castiel wishes he could track down the man who sold the kit to him and give him a piece of his mind.  He’d been full of assurances about it’s efficacy, but he’d not only walked away with a hefty sum of money, he’d also endangered Castiel by sending him away with fake weapons.
Castiel’s horse doesn’t want to approach the wagons too closely, so he dismounts despite his bare feet.  As much as he dislikes the idea of wearing a dead man’s boots, he believes he might need to scavenge some.  There’s no way he can remain barefoot until they reach a settlement.
Despite the looming danger, Dean can’t stop a grin spreading across his face.  “My my… and I thought you didn’t care.”
“I’m sorry I have to ask this, but it is necessary…This man, is he--" His voice catches, and he swallows to moisten his suddenly dry mouth when he continues.  “Was he your lover?”
It feels like sacrilege to release any part of Cas’ body, but Dean only moves his hand to the back of Cas’ neck.  He presses his thumb up under Cas’ jaw, exposing his throat to Dean’s lips.  Dean kisses down the arch of his neck, bites gently at his fluttering pulse, and moves lower to kiss the tender skin around his new tattoo.
“Maybe I can put off the radiator thing,” Dean says thoughtfully as he wipes crumbs from his lips.  “I’ll just tell them I need to order--”
Dean rolls his eyes at Sam’s humility.  The kid knows at least four languages fluently.  He watches his brother pass the journal back to Cas, and he itches to see its contents, but he’s still surprised when Cas offers it to him.  Their fingers brush when Dean takes it, and their eyes meet across the fire.
A haunting melody drifts across the distance between them.  Castiel recognizes the lilting strains of Amazing Grace, and he blinks in surprise.  The harmonica is a simple enough instrument yet Dean wields it with skill, eyes closed and body rocking back and forth with the rhythm.
He’d thought she let it go, so her announcement shocks a laugh out of Castiel, but Dean groans and covers his eyes.  “Jesus, Jo!”
It starts with a tremble in his fingers which spreads to his limbs.  He has to brace himself against the shower wall to stay upright, and he swallows against a sob clawing its way up his throat.
“Dean,” Castiel says hoarsely.  His eyes close briefly and his face twists with a pained expression.  When he looks up at Dean again, they’re dark pools of desperation.  “Dean, I’m going to…”
Castiel stands in the dusty street and wonders what the hell he’s going to do now.  The papers he needs to guarantee Dean’s release are lost in the mountains, and he has no way to prove who he is.  And he can’t exactly reach out to the Pinkerton offices for help.  They know nothing of this case, or his whereabouts.
If his experiences were traumatic enough that he protected himself by changing his own admin password, he’s not sure he’s ready to review them.  Or if he ever will be. But they’re his, and he’d like to have them back. “Can you partition them so that I can access them if I want, but they won’t be part of my active memory?”
At Miss Ava’s alarmed gasp, Ellie nods.  “You mark my words.  There’ll be trouble before they drop ‘im.”
“He’s an android, he don’t give a shit,” Dean mutters with an eyeroll for himself.  His knuckles rap quietly against the door, and he waits for a response, practically bouncing on his toes.
He’s quick, only pausing to check on Dean as he passes the bathroom.  The sounds of retching let him know his brother’s still alive and unwell, and Sam hurries back to the garage.  Castiel is still in the car’s passenger seat, and Sam helps him stand and cross the garage to the corner Dean has designated as his workshop.  After the android is settled in Dean’s work chair, Sam hands him one end of the cord while he plugs in the other to the nearest power outlet.
A check of the bunker’s systems show him that Castiel has retreated to the bedroom that he used to occupy before he’d moved in with Dean.  It’s not the first time Sam’s found him there in the last few days, and he wonders if Dean recognizes it for the bad sign that it is.
Why had he called her?  He’d avoided speaking to anyone from home for over six months now.  There are plenty of people he probably should have called first, but he knows he can count on Rowena to give him an honest opinion.  As much as he enjoys Dean’s company, he isn’t sure that giving in to the ever increasing urge to get involved with him is a good idea.
The tilt of Castiel’s head when he’s confused has always reminded Sam of a puppy, but now that Gabriel’s compared him to a bird, he can’t unsee it.  He snorts a laugh and elbows Gabriel’s holo in admonishment that he should be nice, but he addresses his next words to Castiel.  “I’m on a hologram connection with Gabriel and we’re not set to private.  He can see and hear you because I can, but you can’t see him since you don’t have an overnet connection.”
Castiel finds a place high in the rocks that gives him a full view of the camp in the moonlight while still providing coverage if he needs it.  From there he can see into the crevice where Dean and Sam are curled under their blankets, although they’re obscured by shadows.  But he’ll be able to see anyone or anything approaching their hidden camp.
Dean snorts.  “What, that one of your dads is into twincest, and the other one created an AI that murdered a bunch of military bastards in a moon base who were happily murdering folks on Earth for their resources?  Can’t imagine why you’d have to think about that a little bit.”
Sam banishes his mask by running a palm over his face.  “Actually he’s not interested in having sex with Castiel anymore.”
Dean highly doubts it, but he lets go.  He resists the urge to hover, but he keeps a close eye on Cas as he shuffles a few steps on his own.  Cas thanks Sam quietly for taking care of his horse, and insists on laying out his own bedroll.  Then he walks around the camp in a few slow circles while Dean cares for Baby, and Sam gets a small fire started.  After he eats the small ration of dried meat and hardtack, he slumps down on his blankets and is asleep almost immediately, still wearing his coat and boots.
The peaceful moment is shattered by the slamming of a door at the front of the house.  Dean’s body goes ramrod stiff, his eyes shooting open and searching for enemies as adrenaline floods into his system.
, or if his reactions to things are pure code written by a mad genius who went above and beyond giving a sex bot a personality.  And considering how little of humanity understands the concept of empathy, he’s not sure he can teach it to
And ridiculous for letting his imagination wander so much.  But it’s too late.  There is an ache building low in his belly, and he shifts, willing his body to stop responding to his wayward thoughts.
He gets a wider smile, the one that shows off Castiel’s teeth.  And he finally comes up with the perfect word.  “You’re pretty awesome, Cas.”
“You were scared,” Dean finishes when Castiel doesn’t seem to find the words for his reaction.  “I get it.  If I woke up naked in a strange room with an ugly mug like mine looming over me, I probably would have thrown punches too.”
Maybe Castiel wasn’t built with this kind of lifestyle in mind, but he fits right into it.  And for now Sam’s going to accept that, have some pancakes, and try not to stare at Dean and Castiel like they’ve both sprouted an extra head every time they exchange PDAs.
, which works because Dean’s on auto pilot.  “He’s going to be helping out when Eileen and I are unavailable.”
Luckily Dean didn’t swear Castiel to secrecy.  Either that, or he doesn’t understand the concept of keeping a promise, but Sam doesn’t know the android’s personality well enough to know if he’d even want to keep such a promise.  Castiel explains the events concisely, and in the order they occurred.  With timestamps.  He only hesitates over the description of dancing with Dean, but whatever stray thought process distracts him, he dismisses and quickly resumes his report.
Dean chuckles at the dry tone, but he lets himself become absorbed in his task.  The scrapes had definitely stopped bleeding, but he does his best to clean everything thoroughly which makes blood well up again.  There doesn’t appear to be any pebbles embedded in the skin, which is good.  He’d insist on calling the Doc at that point.
When Dean notices Cas limping and lagging behind, he slows his own steps to walk alongside him.  He waves Sam ahead, silently ordering him to take care of getting them set up at the hotel.
“You ain’t bad yourself,” Dean says.  A breath shudders out of him as Castiel thumbs at his ballsack, rolling them back and forth on his knuckles.  The touch is
Castiel’s hands grapple at Dean’s thighs, his fingers digging in until he has a good grip that he uses to guide Dean’s hips in a slow grind against his own.  Dean relishes the ache, hoping he’ll end up with a few marks to enjoy later.  He’s never thought of himself as the submissive type, but there’s something aggressive, almost possessive in the way Castiel touches him, and he already craves more.  He wants to be overwhelmed, overwrought, and he suspects Castiel will give him that.
Refusing to be the butt of the joke any longer, Castiel lies back down and turns his back to Dean.  After several long moments there’s still no sound of Dean moving away.  He’s capable of being deadly silent when he moves, but Castiel’s ears are pricked for even the tiniest sounds, and Dean isn’t
“I don’t.” A shadow falls over Dean as Sam walks around the table and sits across from him.  “But that’s Uncle Bobby’s favorite, and he’ll be upset if you waste it and there’s none for him the next time he visits.”
And just like Dean he’ll push himself too hard if Sam doesn’t let up first.  This is just sparring, not life or death, and this has already gone too far.  Sam opens his mouth to end the fight himself, but another voice thunders through the gym first.
been thrilled. In fact he’d suggested it might not be a good idea for Castiel to play the game anymore.  He eventually accepted Castiel’s assurance that it was fine, but always checks with him when they log off to make sure he isn’t experiencing other errors.
But the knowledge that Dean will likely be fine doesn’t stop him from extracting his own promise.  “I will, Dean.  And you’ll do the same, right?”
Cas begins to writhe in his arms, alternately arching into his palm, and rolling his hips back against Dean’s.  He guides Dean’s hand, forcing him to squeeze the hot length hidden beneath denim, then stroking up and down the length.
Behind him Krissy snorts.  “You’re the only one that minds, Dean-o.”  When Dean throws a glare over his shoulder at her, her cheeky grin only widens.  “What?  He’s hot.”
Castiel peeks warily at Dean over Sam’s shoulder, but his gaze still holds the same laser focus that has always made Dean feel peeled open, revealed and known in a way that started out uncomfortable but eventually became a balm on his lonely heart.
“Dean! Dean!” The fear filled cry comes from across the yard, where Amara stands with a basket of wet laundry.  She drops it into the dust at her feet and breaks into a run toward them.
Several vaqueros talk quietly at the corrals.  They’d been up through the night, continuing their vigilant rides into the hills.
“Yeah, well some kids are better off never knowing their deadbeat dads,” Dean argues with a wry shake of his head.  His eyes unfocus briefly, and Castiel wonders what memory he’s accessing. Dean and Sam don’t often speak of their parents, and usually only mention their mother fondly and their father in passing.  Then his full attention is back on Castiel, eyes serious. “We’re only here because you want to be, Cas. And you have the option to change your mind.”
After dressing, he visits the kitchen.  Ellie had left a pot of warm beans at the hearth and soft flour tortillas in a warming pan.  Castiel fills his empty stomach, and then wraps beans in several more tortillas and slips them into a small pouch.  He gathers his saddlebags, takes up his bedroll, and lets himself out of the house.
As he pulls into the parking lot of the diner, he grins when he feels the weight of Castiel’s stare.  He pulls into a spot, and hops out of the truck.  Castiel gets out too, meeting him in front of the Bronco, his lips pursed in a perplexed frown.  But he lets Dean take his hand again, and lead him through the parking lot that is much more crowded than usual with the Friday night crowd.
Slowly the steady beep of a heart monitor breaks into the darkness, and Dean groans.  He’s sure from the gritty feeling under his eyelids and the deep body ache he’s experiencing that he can’t have slept more than a few hours.  A check of his internal clock confirms his suspicion, and he’s briefly tempted to execute a command for his medical nanites to knock him back out.  But that steady beep is a siren call he can’t resist.
“I dunno for sure.” Dean gestures at Castiel’s wrist.  “But I think that thing may protect more than just you.  It might be putting out a protective aura.  I’m not sure how far it goes, but I think it’s what kept the camp hidden for so long.  They’ll probably still be able to see us though, so we still need to be careful.”
The way he phrased that almost as a question sets off all kinds of question marks above Dean’s head, but he assumes it might have something to do with his earlier fear of being reset.  And Dean’s going to get to all of those questions eventually, but for now he’s still busy testing his hypothesis.  “You don’t have to wear them if you’re more comfortable without them,” he says.
That smile flickers when her eyes land on Castiel, which he finds incredibly gratifying.  In his fragmented memories that smile never shifted.  But her voice is as steady as ever when she speaks.  “Hello, gentlemen.  How can I help you today?”
The overhead lights flicker to life, and a door opening on the far side of the lab announces that they’re no longer alone, but Dean doesn’t pull away.  His fingers tighten against Castiel’s scalp.  “Cas,” he whispers back.  And then again.  “Cas.”
“No,” he replies.  “I believe I’d notice.”  He looks over his shoulder and meets Dean’s eyes.  They sparkle with humor but there’s a warmth in them that Castiel didn’t expect.  “Good night, Dean,” he whispers, even as he yearns for Dean to stay right where he is.  Or come closer.
Rowena’s brows pop up, and she hums thoughtfully.  “Well the timing is abysmal, but that is a conversation that should certainly be had.”
“Your jeans are ruined,” he says, cool and methodical.  He hopes Castiel doesn’t notice anything is off.  His hands are already beginning to shake from the effort of trying not to think about the last time he’d tended someone’s wounds.  Maybe he should have asked Jo to stick around and help with this.
Alfie’s teeth flash briefly.  “With enough tequila, yes.”  Then he turns serious.  “You are the prize for whoever wins the contest.”
When Jesse invites Castiel to ride with him to check the wardings themselves, he gladly goes along.  Since he’d learned of the protective symbols carved into his rosary, he’s found the subject of wardings fascinating, and it is a good learning opportunity.  And it keeps him away from the ranch for the better part of the afternoon.
This time when Sam coughs, it’s from embarrassment, which serves him fuckin’ right as far as Dean is concerned.  “Gonna go put my name back on the list.  You guys have fun.”
Dean grins when he turns to see Castiel gawking at the Roadhouse entrance.  “Yeah, the place used to be a storage building until Ellen’s husband gutted it out and remodeled.  The diner is just the front half of the building, and the back is the bar.  They share the kitchen, so if you want something to eat, they’ve got some options from the diner’s menu.” He stops, gently squeezing Castiel’s hand until those pretty blue eyes turn to him in question.  “There’s still time to back out, if you’d rather do something else.”
Turning his attention to the man next to him, Castiel thinks the danger is well worth the risk.  Dean is scowling after Jo, dimples on full display.  Castiel wants to close the space between them and kiss those dimples away, until Dean is smiling and kissing him back.
Dean brightens, pride squaring his shoulders as he approaches the car he’s working on.  His grease stained fingers caress the metal where the paint has been removed.  “Sometimes, when I can scratch up some extra cash for the junkers and the parts, and have some free time.  This is a special project though.  It was my dad’s car.”
A small Mexican boy struggling under the weight of a basket of vegetables passes by, and Castiel stops him.  “The stables on fire,” he calls, pointing down the street.
“Hm maybe,” Gabriel breathes against Sam’s lips, “we should skip the meeting and just fuck like bunnies till the queen comes looking for us.”
“Well you know how small town life is.  Things are as boring as ever here.  The biggest news is that Sam’s been able to leave the house, which is good for Eileen.  She doesn’t have to deal with his giant moose ass climbing the walls anymore.”
The greedy gleam in his eyes is edged with something dangerous.  Dean knows if this man has his way he won’t make it out of this cell alive.
Castiel plucks at Dean’s t-shirt, which is also slightly tight on him.  “Not all of us like to show off our perky nipples with skin tight clothing.”
“Of course not,” Castiel protests.  He’s absolutely not above sharing a room.  He’s done it before with other agents while they were on assignments, though typically they stayed in rooms with two beds, or they took turns sleeping.  But he can’t seem to pull his eyes away from the bed.
Dean gives her a lazy salute, but he doesn’t leave just yet.  He leans down to kiss her on the brow. “Thank you for understanding, Ellie.”
After a few more modifications, and a couple of tests to make sure he’s getting the voltage and amps he needs, Dean sits up and grins.  His back aches from being bent over the project for so long, but he barely notices as he hops up from his work bench and heads over to the android sitting neatly in his spare desk chair.
Castiel lets him bob up and down on his dick a few times before he tries to change things up again.  “Please, Dean.  I want to do this for you.”
They’re both silent for a few moments, then Dean caves and breaks the silence.  “But you’re not coming home, are you?”
Running a hand over his face, Castiel tries to focus on the fact that Jo doesn’t sound worried.  “You didn’t have to get a rental, Jo.  I was going to come pick you up.”
Alistair has been standing nearby, watching the proceedings with interest.  He doesn’t look away from Castiel as he lifts his hand and flicks his fingers.  “That’s enough of that.”
Dean recalled how Cas had aimed that gun straight at him last night.  Maybe he isn’t completely useless. But Dean is sure Cas is about to find out that he’s in over his head.  The sooner the better, as far as Dean’s concerned. “We’ll see about that. And call me Dean.”
The sound comes again and Castiel carefully pulls out the Colt, holding it at the ready.  His straining eyes catch a shifting shadow near their legs, much too close for comfort.  He turns his head in mute warning.  Dean’s face is completely obscured by shadow, but Castiel can tell he received the message by the minute shift of his body.
“Nearly every skill I have is a stim,” Castiel reminds him.  Now that he has full access to his old data, he knows that he’s had many updates that include new stims for different sexual scenarios.  “I'm designed to implement them whenever my operating system is updated.”
Dean braces his hands on either side of Castiel’s ribs and leans down to trace Castiel’s lips with his tongue.  “I was tested when I got out of the military…” A blush obscures his freckles and his eyes dart to the side.  “Haven’t been with anyone but you since then.”
Fair isn’t exactly the word Dean would use, considering it was confiscated from him for ridding the town of a plague of blood sucking monsters.  “And we’re willing to buy it back!” he calls back.
“Fine,” Crowley drawls, clearly unhappy with the order but unwilling to go against one of the few beings that has the power to demote him from demi-god to corpse.  “I’ve got some mosquito populations to check on.” He smiles tightly. “Can’t let all the rainforest loggers get off without a touch of Malaria.”
“She was born to one of the mares given to my father by the Nez Percé when he helped them destroy a monster that had been terrorizing their tribe.  And when they were forced off their land, the chief was afraid the horses wouldn’t do well in the reservations.  He gave Pa enough breeding stock to start his own herd.  Pa promised he would keep the bloodline true.” Dean’s voice grew quiet.  “But he died and wasn’t able to keep that promise.”
Dean ignores him and winds his hands tightly in the Appaloosa’s reins as he prepares to pull himself into her saddle.
He sits up, his hand closing over the rifle he’d set nearby.  The fire had burned low, and he carefully adds more wood, building it back up.
The whole time, Dean stares at Castiel.  “I’m sorry,” he says roughly.  “I can’t get out of my own head.”
Yes, he owes Dean a great deal.  And he intends to repay that debt, just as he’d promised.  That is partly why he has to leave.  To make certain Dean and Sam get their pardons.
“Oh!” Jack looks around, and then smiles up at Sam again.  “I like it in here.  I’ll use the chairs.”
When there is no immediate reply, his frown deepens.  He slowly approaches the desk.  “Mr. Pinkerton informed me you are in need of our agency.”
Despite the trainee’s exuberant praise, the victory feels hollow.  But Castiel has felt a deeply rooted dissatisfaction with everything pertaining to his job since he’d returned to it.  He’d hoped that having cases to take his mind off of the things he left behind in Mexico would give him some sense of accomplishment, if not fulfillment.
The warning doesn’t stop Castiel.  The potential danger of the mission is why Dean set a time limit before he’d come back.  And if--
Jo interrupts Dean’s snorting laughter with the delivery of their drinks and Dean’s nachos.  She eyes them both, curious what the joke is, but doesn’t pry.  She leaves them with a friendly reminder to holler if they need anything and to enjoy themselves.
A pained noise rises from Castiel’s throat, and he closes his eyes as if to gather his strength.  His forehead bumps against Dean’s as he nods.  “Hurry,” is all he says.
Castiel hears it again--the crunch of twigs under a heavy weight--and much closer than the last time he’d caught the noise.  Without halting his mare, he turns his head slightly and scans the trail from the corner of his eye. He doesn’t want to give away the fact that he knows he’s being followed.
They exchange well wishes and Castiel connects.  He looks back down at the book in his hands.  The pages are slightly tattered at the corners, damage that Castiel is very careful not to make worse.  It has been well loved in the past, and since it is one of his favorite books, revisited time and again, he takes care to keep it in its best condition.
Then his expression changes, going hard.  “Let’s get those supplies.”  His voice is once more indifferent.  “We’ll need more than just hardtack and coffee when we leave here.”
Castiel stands on the edge of the sidewalk and watches the holographic ads.  Neon silhouettes shift from one suggestive pose to another, and sultry male and female voices gasp and moan.
All the while, his heart pounds loud and furious.  Surely it must be audible to the creatures hunting them.
When Jimmy had mentioned his mystery man, Dean, Sam, and Castiel all had questions for him, but he’d clammed up.  Sam had opened a private line to Dean, advising him that in all of the information Charlie dug up, there’d been nothing about a spouse.  Dean’s more than half convinced this is some kind of trap, but he hadn’t been able to say no to Castiel’s pleading eyes.
Castiel expects fear, but instead he’s filled with fierce rage at his assailant.  He swings his arm up, intent on putting a bullet in the man, but his wrist is caught in a punishing grip.  He grunts angrily and braces to break free.
“Well that’s what you were training her to do,” Dean points out.  He yawns and his eyes drift shut despite his best efforts to keep them open.
“Be quiet!” Dean hisses.  “Voices can carry for miles in these mountains, and you’ll lead them right too us.”  He glares at Castiel until he’s sure the message has sunk in.  “Anyway, if I’d left the horses they would have been found right away, and that would do us any good at all.  There’s only one way in and one way out of these mountains, so I’m hoping they’ll find their way through to the other side.”  His frown deepens.  “We just have to hope the Skinwalkers don’t find them before we do.”
That cryptic announcement is followed by a change of music. The stereo is inside, with the speakers stuck in the windows, pumping out an eclectic mix of music, some of which Dean likes and some that sets his teeth on edge. But now it’s playing something that sounds like country.
It irritates him that his brother has a point.  He glares at the mule, but it doesn't acknowledge him.  Somehow that ratchets his temper up another notch.  A glance at Sam, and his knowing expression makes him blush.  It's the straw that breaks the camel's back.  "We don't need this much," he snaps.  Reaching out, he grabs the rope holding the provisions in place.  A tug loosens the whole thing and the packs fall to the dirt at their feet.
“Ah man, are you kidding? You haven’t sampled the goods yet?” Aaron finally stops staring at Castiel and gives Dean an incredulous look.  He doesn’t seem to notice the sub-zero stare of impending doom that he’s getting in return.  “If you’re planning on pimping it out you might as well test drive it first.”
and he wants to understand before he acts on his impulses.  What makes Dean different?  The conflicting signals lock up his limbs, forcing his hands down to his sides, and rooting his feet to the floor.
A smile reveals the wrinkles forming around Dean’s eyes.  His pupils are constricted, and his breathing is short and shallow.  Castiel can
Castiel turns away from his scrutiny of the knobs on the old fashioned gas stove, and pins Dean with his unnaturally blue eyes.  “I did not enjoy some of the aspects of my work, and some of my clients grew angry when I questioned their orders.”
Instead of showing the pity he expects, Castiel only nods with understanding and rubs Dean’s back gently.  And then a decidedly wicked light glints in his eyes.  “Waking up hard is much more fun when you wake up next to someone who can take care of it for you,” he says suggestively.
Dean resists rolling his eyes where mother or daughter can see him.  He’s not angling for a slap upside the head, just lunch.
“I don’t understand how that decreases its entertainment value,” Castiel says.  “And the caterpillar is very much like you in that he’s always hungry.”
but he knows the answer already, and he doesn’t want to pester Castiel to talk if he’s not in the mood to.
“You’ll be running circles around me and Sam in no time,” Dean promises warmly.  “But you gotta walk before you can run, bud.”
“Yes.  You’ve given me quite a lot to think about.”  Castiel stands.  “I’ll let you get some more rest.”
He could catch up more quickly, but he needs time to think.  To decide the best way to approach Cas with the proposal he’s been considering since last night.  It’s probably for the best that he didn’t get a chance to talk to Cas right away this morning. He might have made promises he can’t keep.
For once, Gabriel’s avatar is wingless.  It’s just him, hair tousled, lounging against his own pillows.  Naked.  Of course.  His eyes light up with mischief and he scoots closer, throwing an arm and a leg over Sam’s virtual body.  “Do you really gotta ask?”
A bee from one of the nearby hives lands on his knuckle and he smiles at it and holds still until it departs.  He likes the bees.  They lead such interesting lives despite the small world they’re confined to.  And they seem as curious about him as he is about them, often coming to inspect him while he moves among the branches and leaves and vines festooning the greenhouse.  Dean hadn’t been pleased the time he’d found Castiel standing very still while they explored his chassis, but they’d never attempted to sting him, so Castiel allowed them to sate their curiosity.
Fingers trembling, Castiel gently pulls the tails of Dean’s shirt from his pants.  “A helluva lot of good getting yourself killed will do either of us.”
Dean is slouched down over his thighs again, head hanging over the bucket.  He’s taking long breaths through his teeth.  “Yeah, Cas.  Talk to me.”
Sam sighs, and shrugs.  “Alright, well I guess we’re going to have to suit you up and make you some IDs.”
She doesn’t miss a beat.  “Oh my, a mechanic is he?  Sounds delicious,” she purrs teasingly.  “Maybe if you play your cards right you can get your bike fixed for free…”
He wants to go back to every file, pour over them with his newly aquired knowledge.  But even if he does find that the victims were killed by monsters, how could he ever explain something like that to their families?  How on earth would anyone believe him?  He’s beginning to see why the existence of such dark creatures is considered mere fantasy.
“Someone I can look up to,” he says, and then pauses to think.  “Someone brave.”  He glances up through his lashes, and gives him his most flirty smile.  The one that gets all kinds of underwear to drop.  “Someone handsome.”
It’s a command Castiel is eager to obey, even if not for the reasons Dean wants him to.  He shifts his weight to one elbow and brushes the soft fabric of his dress away so that he can grip his own cock.
Dean scoffs as he comes all the way inside.  “Dude you obviously needed the rest.  I’m not gonna wake you up just so I can clomp around like a dick.”
But if Castiel wants to learn more about his own creation, Dean’s not going to stand in his way.  He’s not sure he could, because Castiel’s learning how to human from two of the most stubborn flesh and blood people on the planet.
The change is abrupt, like the chill of a wind that sometimes comes up unexpectedly on the desert.  It could make a man ache clean through to the bone.  With the words as well as the way Cas stands, the aloof distance Cas has been maintaining between them is firmly reestablished.
“I am not biological life,” Castiel points out.  “I am a series of ones and zeros in a synthetic chassis.”
Although now he sees how often Dean doesn’t sleep peacefully as well.  Nightmares often plague Dean, but Castiel has learned that a soft touch and a whisper of reassurance will calm him.
Feeling oddly bold, Castiel turns his full attention to Dean, unconcerned as to whether he’s caught staring.  As if ignoring Dean were a possibility.  Castiel could be blind, and he would still be acutely, intimately, fully aware of Dean.
The admission earns him a soft smile, and Dean leans in.  Instead of a kiss, like Castiel expected, he nuzzles against Castiel’s cheek.  Their beard stubble catches as their jaws slide together, and it’s a little bit itchy, but worth enduring for Dean’s cat-like affection
“Good afternoon, Castiel,” Pinkerton greets him warmly.  “I understand you’ve broken the Mainwaring case.  Excellent work.”
“I was gonna suggest we get out of here,” Dean says as he turns back to Castiel.  “But if we leave now, they’re all going to get ideas.”
Actually, he’s kidding himself by thinking he’s only part way there.  It’s a self defense mechanism to say he isn’t completely head over heels for Dean yet.
Sam thanks him with another gentle kiss, and then slips around the counter to access the back of the store.  The trek up the stairs seems to take twice as long as it should, and by the time he’s dropping his bag in Gabriel’s bedroom, he’s tempted to skip the shower and go straight to sleep.  But he can smell the undercity tunnels on his skin, and he needs to scrub that away before he’ll be able to rest.
Communicating through hand gestures they split up and carefully creep out into the darkness.  Leaving Cas alone makes him practically itch, but he’s got the Colt so he’s got some defense.  And he’s a damn good shot with it, which makes Dean feel marginally better.  As long as they’re not grossly outnumbered, Cas is safest right where he is.
“The cages,” Castiel says.  “When I saw him, but not you, I came here first.  Your circumstances were more dire.”
“What if you start missing home?” Dean asks, completely unplanned.  But it’s an obstacle they may need to face eventually.  Might as well rip that bandaid off now.
Slowly, because he’s unsure whether he’ll rebuffed or not, Dean reaches out and takes Castiel’s hand.  He rubs his thumbs in a gentle massage over Castiel’s knuckles as he gives the question serious consideration.
Then he realizes that the hand under his is cooler, and Dean’s breathing no longer wheezes so roughly in his chest.  The apples of his cheeks are no longer flushed an angry red, and his skin is less drawn and parched.
Even though his face automatically responds to his thoughts and emotions, the rest of Castiel’s body is not so cooperative.  Chuck had loaded Castiel’s head with stims meant for brain trauma patients, and they teach him basic motor function and muscle control.  But stims require practice for full integration.
Her smile returns, and he’s struck by the fanciful thought that she looks like a fairy with her sharp features and masses of curly red hair.  He’s tempted to reach out and test if the curls are as bouncy as they look.  “It depends on how much my dear Castiel has told you about me.” She holds out a hand with perfectly manicured nails painted to match her clothing.  She speaks with a thick Scottish brogue, which seems less out of place in Boston than he’d expect.  “I am Rowena McLeod.  Castiel and I are friends, and he’s told me so much about you.”
“I’m glad to have proven you wrong, Marshal.” He turns to Pamela who hovers next to the bed, watching events unfold.  “I apologize for causing a ruckus ma’am.”
There’s a lull in the music followed by applause for the current singer on stage as they finish up.  Then Sam’s name is called.  “My turn!  I’ll catch you losers later!” he exclaims.  He signs something very sweet to Eileen that makes Castiel put a hand over his smile, then kisses the top of her head before bounding up on the stage.
The sun is an orange ball on the horizon, half shrouded by purple clouds over blue-black mountains.  Light trickles through ice crystals hanging from branches, throwing rainbow prisms across the small clearing.
The condescending tone digs at Castiel's temper. He realizes that most folks in the territories take one look at his refined clothing or hear his educated Eastern accent and assume he'll be useless, but he'd hoped he'd given Winchester enough proof that isn't true.
Every muscle in Dean’s body feels like jello--red flavored, not that green shit Sam insists is better--by the time he collapses back on the bed with a sigh.  Fuck.  Holy fuck.  Is he melting into the bed?  He kinda feels like he might be melting into the bed.
“It doesn’t have to be you,” Rufus says sharply, but not unkindly.  Dean doesn’t know what his history is with demons, and he isn’t ever going to ask.  But Rufus has always been understanding, even forgiving, of Dean’s time with Alistair.
Guilt eats at Dean, which he responds to by getting pissed.  “You two going to lounge around like pampered ladies all day?”
“Better service,” Dean teases.  “But I’ll settle for whatever’s on tap, and some nachos.  And some water for Castiel, here.”  He gestures across the table, and grins at the way the android is squinting at Jo like he’s trying to either read her mind, or send her a virus.  “Cas, this is Jo Harvelle.  She ain’t a Winchester, but she’s family.”
Firelight plays across the planes and angles of Dean’s face.  He’d stopped playing, his harmonica wrapped loosely in one hand, as he stares into the flames.  Lost in thought, his face is relaxed, his usual mask over his emotions set aside for the moment.  There are faint lines of fatigue around his eyes, and around the slight downturn of his lips, revealing that the pace he’d set is just as grueling for him as it is for Castiel.
Finding whatever he was after, Dean straightens back up and hurries back to the bed.  He crawls onto the mattress, and kneels on top of the comforter at Castiel’s side.
The argument dries up on Dean’s tongue.  He’d have to drain his savings account, and a big chunk of what he has in there is earmarked for the Impala’s paint job.  But Cas can afford it, and he’s offering.  “Fine,” he agrees.  “But you’re not allowed to get me a Christmas present this year.”
Thanks to my bestie for Jupiter_James for validating me when I waffled over this chapter, and to Dannie and the writer-cafe crew on the Profound Bond Discord for helping me find some of the words I needed.  Love y'all! <3
“Sleep mode doesn’t work exactly like a human nap,” Castiel starts and then winces.  “That was another ‘figure of speech’-” he uses actual air quotes, and Sam is saving that memory to share with Dean later, “-wasn’t it?”
“I’m going to guide you through it,” Dean whispers as he cups Castiel’s erection in his hand again.  It’s still damp with spit, and this would probably be better with actual lube, but he’s more at risk of chafing his hand.  He doesn’t need too much time for what he has planned so he starts sliding his fist over the hard cock.
Castiel doesn’t answer right away, and Dean peeks up to find him looking out over the valley.  The sun is inching steadily toward midday, and there’s a heat haze over Purgatory making it look like a blurry smear on the landscape.  “I like it here,” Castiel finally says.  Then he looks at Dean and smiles warmly.  “It’s starting to feel a bit like home.”
But the idea of Dean taking them back down in the dark sounds like the kind of harrowing experience he would rather not experience.  Not when the drive up had already been mildly terrifying.
Castiel hummed softly as he moved around the kitchen.  The tune was one that would make his husband roll his eyes--if anyone were looking, otherwise he’d bop his head along--but Dean is still sound asleep.
It takes an actual effort to not demand a handjob, because the drug is heating Dean’s blood fast.  And thinking of blood makes his eyes drop to Castiel’s exposed throat.  There’s no flutter of a heartbeat under the skin, and the reminder that Cas is a robot helps Dean refocus on the matter at hand instead.  He checks his connection; still offline.  Finding the jammer will be a pain in the ass, and it’ll be easier to get out of range.
A few steps take him to a chest at the end of his bed.  He opens it and brings out a familiar gun belt wrapped around a gun.  When Dean reaches for it, Rufus holds it away from him with a pointed glare, and presents it to Cas.  “Shoot to kill.  You’ll be lucky if you get one shot, there ain't no second chances.”
But Dean doesn’t even give him half of one.  He closes his arms around Castiel and pulls him against his chest.  “You don’t have to pretend, Cas. Let go and give in to the fear. You’re entitled to it.”
“Yes.” He hesitates over how much to share with Gabriel, and decides that he doesn’t want to tell him anything unless asked.  “At least temporarily,” he adds.
The top of her head barely reaches his chin, and she feels small in his arms.  She hasn’t been taller than him since his mid-teens, but her hugs still make him feel protected and safe.  He squeezes her probably a little too tightly, but he’s missed her very much.  Phone calls a few times a week are not a substitute for dinners and shopping trips.  Hannah had teased him about being a mama’s boy, and Castiel can admit at least to himself that she’s probably right.  He’s much closer to his mother than he is to his father, anyway.
As the next song starts, Dean reappears with the necks of several beer bottles held between his fingers.  He passes them out, and reclaims his seat next to Castiel, leaning in until their shoulders press together.  “What did I miss?”
“Your secret is safe with me,” he promises.  Then he’s struck by a thought and adds “Sam too.  He might already suspect.”
“If this is because of your thing about flying,” Sam replies, either missing the point, or trying to keep his secret in the worst way possible, “then take your meds and sleep through it.”
Castiel watches Dean’s retreating back for another fifteen seconds.  Then he sets his internal timer to thirty minutes and continues down the main tunnel they’d originally been exploring.
Michael gives his hand another gentle squeeze.  It’s more affection than Castiel has received from him in a long time.
Castiel nods, although the frown doesn’t ease from his features.  He stares at Dean, and this time the lack of blinking makes Dean feel like a bug under a microscope.  “Thank you,” he finally says just as Dean’s about to start squirming.
Huge understatement as far as Dean is concerned.  He clenches his muscles, and smirks when Castiel gasps.  “What are you waiting for?  Fuck me, Cas.”
Need curls tight and painful inside him, but it’s nothing compared to another craving that he’s kept buried for a very long time.  Something softer and yet more powerful than sexual desire.
They are somewhat stiff, but they seem to breathe better than his wool pants.  Reluctantly he admits to himself that the cooler clothing will be a much better option than what he was wearing before.  He decides to leave off his waistcoat and necktie as well, folding them neatly to be packed away in his saddle bags.
Sam drawls across the shared channel.  He’s farther away, his movements slowed by injuries received from a recent werewolf hunt.  The resulting argument between the brothers about taking on the rugaru hunt immediately afterwards had been disturbing to witness, and Castiel is still unsure which brother was in the right, even though Sam won.
A single rider on a black and white pony is no more than a hundred yards away from him and is closing in fast.  He’s an Indian, with long ebony hair whipping around his shoulders.
The glow fades under Sam’s temples, and his eyes zone in on Dean.  A pleased smile twists his lips.  “So you like him?”
“What the actual fuck?” Dean shifts like he’s not sure if he should put his knife away or start stabbing.
He remembers his father’s smile, and his laugh booming through the cabin.  The way he’d lifted Dean so high, and they put their heads together to whisper their excitement over the new baby in Mary’s arms.
The field is mostly clear now, those who failed to hold their own in the mock battle having left to give space to those still fighting.  He’d barely noticed the volume of the fight going down because the cheering had grown louder, and now that he’s paying attention he can see why.
Fighting back dizziness and pain from the welts on his back, Castiel lifts his foot.  It’s awkward with his tingling fingers, but he’s able to force them to obey his commands and pull the knife out of his boot just enough to bare part of the blade.  While everyone is distracted, he saws through the bindings.
Pulling forth an amused smile and what he hopes is a confident laugh and not the sultry one in his databanks that he’s modifying for the situation, he agrees.  “Yeah, no kidding.  That was not fun.”
“Oh.” Castiel knows he’s been reset many times from what Naomi told him, and the fear has certainly been present since the beginning of his most recent one, but he can’t access anything prior to that.  “I can’t remember anything from more than a week before I was shut down and discarded.”
Between Gabriel’s tight grip, and his hot mouth, Sam is barrelling toward his peak embarrassingly fast.  At least it would be if he had enough brain cells available to register anything but heat and friction and suction.  But what little neurological prowess he normally has is jumbled and wrecked, and honestly he doesn’t give a fuck. He just wants to come.
The overhead dome is dark, and he’s high enough that he can see the faint glitter of false stars projected on its surface.  Up here a breeze wraps around the towering buildings, and it washes over him, bringing goosebumps up over his bare arms and shoulders.  The motel is mid-level in the city, and he can see a rainbow of lights all around.
“Nnnnnnn, feels--”  he breaks off with a gasp and presses his teeth into his bottom lip.  “Ffffffffffffff.”
Castiel glances over at the dresser where a small box sits, only opened once and then set aside.  He’d refused to install them almost immediately.  They are gorgeously designed, nearly indistinguishable from natural human eyes, and the exact same shade of blue as Jimmy’s eyes.  Designed to be aesthetically pleasing.  But Castiel’s mind has created composite images of himself with those eyes, and thinking about himself like that gives him ideas.  Forbidden ideas.  Things he doesn’t even dare contemplate because they’re not just out of reach, but impossible.
Sam shakes his head when Dean silently offers him a rootbeer.  “Just out to the flats,” he answers, referring to an area of land that isn’t flat at all, but looks that way from a distance.  It’s a great place to go wheeling because of the rolling hills that spread across the land like gentle waves.  Lots of fun at high speed.  Like a roller coaster in some places.
He shrugs on his shirt over his still damp shoulders.  When he’s fully dressed he straps on a gun belt and tucks away a few knives among his clothes, including the silver knife he’d kept under his pillow, which he now tucks into his boot.
Finally Castiel nods and rushes into the house.  Since Jo is working on something more involved, he hurries through the rest of the oil change, and then makes sure she has everything she needs to run the shop for the rest of the day.
I thought I loved her.  But after she was gone for good, I realized I only loved how powerful her blood made me feel.”  Sam rubs a thumb across his bottom lip.  “I still crave it.”
It’s the right thing to say.  Some of the tension leaks out of Dean’s shoulders, and he nods shakily.  “Yeah… Sam is good.  Getting him off the demon blood nearly killed him though.  And being around demons is a temptation for him, always.”
“And this is why I’m the engineer, and you’re not.” As soon as the words are out of his mouth, a jolt of electricity arcs from the modded battery to his soldering iron, and even with the protective rubber gloves he’s wearing - he’s not an idiot, despite Sam’s assertions to the contrary - he still jerks back with a hissed curse.  He fixes Sam with a glare, preemptively warning him to shut his trap.  “It’s about creativity, not just the ability to follow a schematic.”
Castiel turns to see the woman peeking out from behind the washer again.  “Yeah,” he sighs.  And then digging up his dusty knowledge of ASL, he turns to her and signs as he speaks.  “I don’t suppose you know if a good hard kick will fix it?”
There had been a spark of interest when he’d suspected this last criminal wasn’t human.  But the man had still been a simple thief.  Although Castiel is beginning to suspect that even if the werewolf had been a ravenous man eater, there still would have been an aching emptiness left unfulfilled by the hunt.
His reactions to Dean have always been different, though.  More focused.  Far more of his processing power goes into everything he thinks and does around Dean, and he has special databases just for Dean-related information, while he keeps everyone else’s information in generalized databases.  He’d concluded that his extra interest was a glitch, and hasn’t examined the phenomenon further, but could it be something more?
Dean huffs and takes Castiel’s badge, flips it around, and hands it back to him.  The look he gives Castiel is annoyed, but the corner of his mouth tilts up before he returns his attention to the police captain.  “Don’t mind the newbie, sir,” he says fondly.
“The finger foods here are kinda lame,” Dean says, looking around before pinning Castiel with his smile again.  “Wanna get out of here and get something to decent eat?”
Sam dismounts and steps up next to Castiel.  He wrinkles his nose at the snake in Dean’s hand.  “I hate those damn things,” he mutters.
“No kidding,” Sam sighs.  “I’m gonna hit the kitchen, and then hang out with Gabe online for a few hours.  Ping me if you need anything.”  He shoots a loaded look Dean’s way, then exits the car.  His freakishly long legs quickly carry him out of sight, leaving them behind in the silence of the garage.
The news stuns Castiel, even though he’s been chasing Alistair for years and has seen countless reports of his evil deeds.  Somehow this feels worse, because he’s so close.  He is no longer separated from the events by hundreds of miles and words in a report.  “When did this happen?”
The knife is still snugged inside his boot.  It won’t do much against demons, but he’s been concentrating on his memory of Emmanuel’s journal and the exorcism he’d inscribed on the pages.  When an opportunity presents itself, he’ll escape.
Castiel huffs his annoyance and wraps his arms tightly around Dean’s hips, holding him still.  He presses his face into Dean’s chest.  “Please don’t mock me.”
The roar of the crowd is deafening as Dean croons out the last few words of the song, drowning out the instrumentals as the little rectangles on the screen count out the last measures of the song..
how babies are made,” Dean says brightly, and then immediately wrinkles his nose.  “God that’s fucking gross, I’m sorry.”
Jesse catches Castiel’s blush, and raises a questioning brow at Castiel.  “You and Dean are good friends?”
“Morning already?” Castiel mumbles.  His eyes blink open slowly, but as soon as the fall on Dean, the peaceful sleepiness is immediately replaced by concern and he sits up.  “Dean, are you alright?”
Embarrassed by his own internal monologue descending into romantic prose, he clears his throat and looks away.  The only other thing he can really focus on is his bike, and some of his humor fades when he sees the condition she’s in.  The paint job is ruined, and the chrome is scraped up.  And he’s pretty sure the handlebars are no longer straight.  “So…” he says with a wince, “what’s the verdict on my baby?”
Before Castiel can clarify, Sam holds out a hand as if to keep Benny in his seat.  “That’s not what he means,” he says.  “Cas is a cop.”
Castiel has so many questions.  But Dean’s voice holds a skittishness that makes him wary of pressing him for more.  But he can’t say nothing at all.  “I’m sorry.”
“I spoke with Cesar,” Castiel says.  “One of the vaqueros returned from delivering a horse to a ranch up in the mountains, and he brought news.  Alistair and his men were seen in the high country two days ago.”
Castiel doesn’t look away from Dean.  He’s held captive by the man’s stage presence.  “I take it you’re responsible for this?”
That had been difficult to answer.  Even uneducated on such matters it had been clear that he hadn’t been killed by a wild animal as most assumed.  But how could he explain that things in Emmanuel’s journal made him suspect that he had not been mauled by a bear as he’d been told by the authorities that found him?
Dean’s jaw sags.  It’s a small logical leap, but connecting those dots is something a VI definitely wouldn’t be able to do.  And then he’s grinning so hard his cheeks ache with it.
Bracing his elbow on the table, Castiel crooks a finger.  Dean obeys the silent order to lean in, bringing with him the aroma of tangy citrus soap and a hint of car oil to tease Castiel’s senses.  Castiel speaks just loud enough to be heard over Jo singing her heart out to a Patsy Cline tune.  “I’ve really enjoyed the time we’ve spent together this week,” he says.  “And I can’t seem to get enough of you.”
“Ayyyy, you dog!” She flicks him with her towel, laughing as he barely escapes.  “Get out of my kitchen before I find work for you.”
“What’s the matter, man ?” Ash’s drawl is thicker than usual, and Castiel thinks he might be closer to drunk than not.  He shakes Dean lightly.  “Don’t you want to dance?”
Intense curiosity nearly chews through Dean’s brain, but he refrains from asking for any details.  If food play was easy, Dean isn’t sure he wants to dive into the world of Kinks of the Rich and Heartless.  Especially if they were paying for sex with an android programmed to say yes to everything.  But there is one question that he can’t keep locked behind his teeth.  “Hey, uh… do you remember what malfunction your previous owner was trying to fix when she reset you?”
“All knowledge is useful,” Castiel counters.  “I may not encounter a use for cooking, but I’d like to be able to do it if need arises.”
The white of the man’s eyes disappears completely, destroying any illusion of humanity.  Even without being able to see where his eyes are pointed, Castiel can feel the demon’s gaze on the tattoo like a physical touch.  The idea that the demon may be actually touching him without using its vessels hands makes him shudder in his invisible bonds.
Instead, he lets his hands explore.  The hand on Cas’ throat slides to the back of his neck and threads into his soaked hair, while the other traces the curve of his spine and over the swell of his buttock, kneading the flesh and rocking Cas’ hips against his.
She doesn’t roll her eyes since they’re in the public eye and they have to keep up appearances, but the gesture is strongly implied in her voice.  “Yes. I told her that last patch wasn’t going to stop them.”
The woman lights a cancer stick for herself and they stand in companionable silence, the cherries of their cigarettes highlighting their faces with each inhale.  When he’s about half finished, and feeling a little dizzy from the shitty quality smoke, she offers him the flask again.  “Thirsty?”
There’s a brief moment of silence and then the door opens again.  Rufus' hard gaze falls on Dean.  “You sure are some kinda stupid, boy.”
They say their goodbyes and rent rooms at the hotel so they can get some rest.  The next morning as Dean and Sam leave the hotel, they pass a cobbler shop.
Castiel listens intently, focusing on Sam’s words and not what he’d heard Dean say before he’d decided it was best to interrupt before anything else was said that he didn’t want to hear.  The pain that had ripped through his chest rivaled the throb in his knee, but he resolutely ignores both.
When Dean doesn’t respond right away, a jolt of panic makes Castiel jerk in his bindings.  His body sways, and his fire hot ass comes into contact with Dean’s thigh.  He gasps and trembles and presses into his mate as best he can with what little leeway he has available.
One shoulder lifts in a shrug, but Dean keeps his eyes on the road.  “I still pulled the trigger, and someone died.  Following orders doesn’t make it any less true, it just means that I wouldn’t get accused of murder.  And you’re not sitting in jail, so I’m assuming the self defense angle worked for you.”
“I uh… no, I just got here,” Dean mumbles.  The drive was only the length of a song, wasn’t it?  But there had been the sense of sand sliding through a glass...
Dean is pretty sure Sam is talking about more than his mental state.  But he doesn’t bother to deflect.  There are some lies that are too big, even for Dean.
He does actually, thought not in the office where others might listen in.  But it occurs to him that he would have put off talking about his feelings with Hannah simply to avoid making things uncomfortable, but he’s eager to talk to Dean about it.  Dean will listen, and maybe even offer some advice.
“Ah don’t cry, Cas, come on, calm down.”  Dean pulls him up into a sitting position and wraps him in a tight hug that feels wonderful and right.
There’s no hesitance over his nudity as he struts across the room to deposit his clothes with the rest of the laundry, and he throws a wink in Sam’s direction when he catches him looking.  He’s still a little bit hard, and Sam feels guilty for not reciprocating the orgasm, but Gabriel doesn’t seem to even notice it as he pulls on a pair of boxers and adjusts himself.
“That chick has a flask you can fill.” Dean looks around and finds Brittany crumpled on the ground nearby, in the direction Benny had come from.  He must have taken her out while Castiel attacked Boris.  And fuck, that’s something he’s going to have a lot of thoughts on as soon as he’s got time to think them.
–and all his higher brain functions had shorted out. Either he escaped to recover, or he was going to pop a boner right in front of the guy because he couldn’t stop the cascade of dirty thoughts caused by the man’s rough voice and pretty blue eyes.
“Huh, well that’s gonna be a problem.”  Not a big one though, since Sam can probably crack the code fairly easily.  Shrugging, he decides not to worry about it for the moment.  “Ah well, that just means you’ll have to learn things the old fashioned way for now.”
Castiel slowly transfers his glare from Dean’s poor attempt to hide his amusement to the calloused hand being offered.  He considers ignoring it, but the pain radiating from his posterior convinces him to swallow his pride.  It’s already as bruised as his nethers, so there’s no need to protect it further by being stubborn.
At first Dean wants to be offended by the question.  There's nothing wrong with enjoying the company of men!  But Dean's never had a lofty name or a respectable career to ruin.  And Cas doesn’t really have a reason to trust him, does he?  At least not before the storm.  Maybe things are different now that they’ve survived a brush with death together.  And keeping his silence is an easy enough thing to promise.
Castiel records the angle of their hips, and tightens his grip under Dean’s knee to more firmly hold it in place, and continues the slow thrusts that keep Dean gasping and pleading for more.  He watches the rise and fall of Dean’s ribs, and the way his skin flushes, how his teeth dig into his bottom lip and his eyelashes flutter every time Castiel’s penis--no, Dean insists he call it his cock, and he adjusts his thought processes appropriately--glides over Dean’s prostate.
He tries not to think about how he’s grooming himself for Dean’s benefit.  But his stomach still clenches with anticipation when he reaches for the door knob.
Castiel files that information away, and does his best to assist Alfie with making the meal.  They make tortillas and a mixture of beef and beans that simmers in a pot over the stove.  He notices that even though there is a large bag of salt, Alfie doesn’t add any to the meal, instead using other colorful spices and dried peppers.
From the corner of his vision, he catches movement and he glances up to see Castiel finally approaching the bed.  The mattress shifts under his weight when he sits, and again there’s something more focused about the way he’s staring at Sam now.  “What does it feel like?  To be in love?”
He runs his fingers through Castiel’s hair, still just as fascinated with its texture now as the first time he’d braved touching it after this new, yet familiar, body had been decanted from the biotank.  The strands are thicker than Castiel’s synthetic hair had been, yet still soft and silky even under a layer of oil that doesn’t quite wash out with the sponge baths Dean has been giving him.  And they’re growing, something he can tell by the way they curl around his fingers now in a way they were too short to do weeks ago.
If Castiel had any doubts that something was going on, they’d be cleared up by the panic that flashes across Dean’s expression.  Since he didn’t intend to make things worse, he rests his palm low on Dean’s back and rubs gentle circles.  “You don’t have to tell me.  But I want you to know that you can.”
And that’s exactly why Sam is still worried about Castiel.  The android is polite, and in many ways very naive due to his lack of long term memories.  His childlike curiosity is endearing despite Sam’s suspicions.  Plus it’s hard to dismiss the way he’d taken care of Dean during his illness.  When Sam had woken from a longer nap than he’d intended, he’d found Dean practically curled up in Castiel’s lap, sound asleep and utterly trusting.
Dean shoots a warning glare at Krissy when she laughs, but forces a smile for Castiel.  “Yeah, it’s uh… it’s real nice.  Looks good on you.”
He also has some misgivings about striking out on his own, but he still feels that his argument for covering more ground is a valid one.  He trusts Dean’s knowledge of the area, but they are far from the pat Dean is familiar with.  Even someone as experienced as Dean can easily get turned around.  If they both travel in the wrong direction, they’ll waste precious time.  Dean should appreciate his logic.
His aunt’s elegant mansion feels confining.  Rounds of parties and balls and trips to the theater leave him restless.  He’s ill at ease in his formal attire.
Dean helps him into the truck’s passenger seat, and pulls a pair of sunglasses out of the glove box for him.  Castiel accepts them with a grateful smile and slips them on, even though the sky has grown gray with the impending rain.
He shifts a little, lacing his fingers with Dean’s over his belly.  “You don’t have to talk about it.”
Castiel peeks inside the sandwich, smiling when he sees that Dean made sure to include all his favorite condiments.  “I’m not really needed here anymore.  We don’t need to stay very long.”
When he realizes his jaw is hanging open, Sam snaps it closed and swallows.  “Um.  Well, it’s a probably a little different for everyone.  But yeah, I guess it’s pretty close to the stuff you read about.”
His gaze snaps to Dean, who is studiously staring at the road, jaw tight, hands gripping the wheel until his  knuckles turn white.  Like he’s not sure he should have asked the question, and is bracing himself to be scolded… or for an answer that he doesn’t want to hear.
“Maybe we could go out sometime?” Cas asks, as he wipes moisture from the corner of his eyes. “I could show you a few more of my moves.”
When Castiel catches himself long-blinking, he stretches against the sheets and rolls out of bed to get a towel.  He takes the phone with him into the bathroom.  “I need to get some sleep,” he says reluctantly.  “Can I call you later?”
All he manages is to turn his head enough to see the android taking long strides toward the only door to the workshop, apparently intent on escape.  Dean still doesn’t have the ability to shout, but his jaw works and a croak makes its way out of his throat.  It’s not enough to make the android stop, but the huge figure of his brother appearing in the doorway does.
The weight of that hard gaze is fully on Castiel now, and it takes an effort not to step back into the shadows again.  Even standing in the depths of the Marshal’s office, surrounded by armed lawmen, the man exudes danger.  The fact that he’s weaponless does nothing to detract from the dangerous aura.
Castiel turns, his gaze sliding over Sam’s stiff features briefly before settling on the guard.  Inferring from the guard’s words that it’s happened before, Castiel holds his hand out, palm up, to display the burns.  “Coffee accident,” he states simply.
Instead of answering, Dean reaches for Castiel’s hand.  His grip is gentle as he turns Castiel’s palm up, and he turns his attention to the raw and inflamed skin.  He traces the healthy skin around it.  “Have Sammy take a look at your hands before you put your gloves back on,” he says gruffly.
“Oh shit, are you okay?” Sam lowers his weapon and hurries to check on his friend.  Real pain accompanies simulated injuries, and Castiel doesn’t have much experience with pain yet--
dismembered corpses.  There are random limbs in a pile, a headless corpse with the fingertips removed, and even several limbless torsos split open with various organs missing.  He’s about to close out of the file when he comes across an image that makes him shiver.  It’s difficult to tell the victim’s gender since the body has breasts along with more than one set of genitals, which are on full display because they’re posed suggestively on a cheap narrow bed.  They look physically intact until he zooms in on the spots that Castiel has marked and he can see precision stitches holding several body pieces together, including spaces between their legs.  Marks like that would disappear almost instantly on a living person as their nanites repaired the damage.
