He gets the rings. He tests one on himself, and it fits well. She tells him the other ring is slightly bigger. He tells her that’s great, since Cas’s fingers are a bit thicker than his own, and then he has to walk off his ensuing blush from knowing that.
He finds a stall selling exotic blends of tea, with flavours from birthday cake to saffron to fresh lavender. He picks up a peppermint and lemon mix, and the artisan tea strainer for it, and carries them away in a recyclable paper bag.
“Then you are,” Charlie says, soft. Then she seems to remember herself, and says, “Shit! I’m supposed to be, like, acknowledging you. Um, you are valid. And this doesn’t change that I love and respect you.”
Dean can’t help the smile that stretches his cheeks. Fuck, he loves him. “Yeah. What about them?”
Dean follows him outside to the allotment, where Cas is pulling up the ruined fruit, slamming them into a plastic bucket. “It’ll be good for compost at least,” Cas says waspishly as he senses Dean come closer. “For the next batch. Or maybe I won’t dare grow anything good for humans, if it’s going to be good for the birds too.”
He’s had this cassette for thirty-five years. It’s one of the few remaining from his Dad’s collection, which was probably from his Mom anyway. He remembers one time, when John was in a good mood (they’d ganked a shapeshifter who claimed to know something about demons, and they were on their way to Albuquerque to follow the lead, and Sam was in the back reading). And John had taught him the same way, got him to strum the riff in the front seat and drum on the dashboard with his fingers.
Eileen is looking at him like he has either recently hit his head or is being deliberately stupid. He decides to fucking get out of this conversation before she starts to elaborate, and he says, “Speaking of Jo -”
He wants Cas. He wants him more than a friend, and more than sex. He wants Cas in all the ways possible there is to want someone. And it’s safer to push him back than let him in. Safer than letting himself want all that, for himself, selfishly, in case someone takes it away. In case Cas
Cas shakes his head. “No. Jack was very kind. Even with the Empty struggling against him, trying to discourage him, he remained resolute. He cradled me and plucked it from me like a splinter. And then he pulled me from the Empty. I was so grateful, Dean.”
“Okay, okay, don’t freak out!” Dean hurries. Fuck. “I’m just going to-” and he does, pulling the towels away to reveal the black cloud masquerading as his best friend.
Cas looks back up and fixes him with an unreadable expression. “You love driving the Impala,” he says.
Except that scene keeps replaying in Dean’s mind, whether he’s awake or asleep and dreaming it.
Anyway.
Dean is leaning forward, his hand gripped in Miracle’s fur. He’s beginning to worry that this isn’t a secret twin, or clone, or doppelganger storyline.
“Yeah,” says Dean, throat dry. “Yeah, let’s do that.”
Dean spins and pushes Cas against the now-closed door with a searing kiss. He threads a hand through Cas’s hair to tug his head exactly where he wants it, pushing their hips together with an upturned, filthy slide. Gratification spins through him at the groan it pulls from Cas, the desperation of his responding lips. He uses his other hand to scramble underneath Cas’s suit jacket, tugging at the tightly-fitted and cheap shirt underneath.
Benny slowly and pointedly looks at Dean's boots, clunky and with an inch or two of sole.
The rest of the drive back to the motel is spent in silence, and Dean wonders whether he can call Jack down to piss him off too and make his score four for four today.
Dean and Meera watch them go for a moment, with only a nearby drip of whatever liquid nearby.
He doesn’t know how long he walks for. Could be a minute, or an hour, or a year.
And Cas replies, mild-mannered and still examining the difference between two detergents, “Yes. I was exceedingly jealous of Benny, if you remember.” And Dean has to recalibrate some more stuff.
Cas’s gaze is mild. “Am I forbidden?”
It’s not quite an accusation, but it deserves to be one.
“No, you’re right, that’s different,” Charlie amends.
, exactly, but, whatever. The gay equivalent. He’s even got a kid and a dog.
He finds the nursery owner with a succulent stall, and she asks him how Cas’s latest installment is. He begrudgingly tells her that it’s thriving under Cas’ care, as most plants do. She claps her hands together in delight, and says, “He has such green fingers, you know. You’re a lucky man.” And Dean goes very red and has to make his excuses to leave, before he can buy the aloe vera he was thinking about bringing home.
It’s made of butternut wood, and the carving is choppy enough to tell Dean it’s handmade. He runs a finger over the freshly-oiled grain, and delights at the bumps and still-rough edges.
Dick is shouting something about it not being his fault, and Claire is shouting straight back, using curse words Dean hasn’t even
Cas presses his lips together, and steps around the coffee table so there’s mere feet between them. “And if I wanted the ‘maybe more’ bit? What then?”
the time. He remembers how nervous he was of telling her his secret, and how much it hurt when she didn’t believe him.
he be homophobic now that he’s gay?
They’re kissing hot and desperate and deep, and Dean braces his forearm on the window, and he’s
And that’s all Dean has wanted, really.
Cas presses his lips together. “Being at our home – building it, even. That didn’t feel like work.”
“So, girlfriend and hooker,” says Dean, twisting his lips. “Gotta be a shapeshifter, and one that’s either female or likes dressing as one.”
. It’s like the dirtiest fantasy Dean’s ever had.)
Dean swallows, and rolls onto his back so he can look up at the ceiling. He says to it, “Fine. But I know one way that’s sure to get me up there, and you won’t like it.”
Finally, he gesturess to the tomato plant Cas still cups in one palm.
Dean adjusts himself and walks downstairs. He finds Cas in the kitchen, pulling off his gardening gloves and frowning at them.
Dean can’t imagine Jesse and Cesar making a Destiny’s Child reference, but he’s been surprised by them before. He grins, and says, “Sounds great.”
, he hits some button inside of him that almost makes Dean seize up.
and need. He thinks of Cas.
Cas stares at his hand for a nerve-wracking moment before he takes it and stands. Their fingers slot together, warm and tight.
“Uh,” says Dean, and he holds open the bag for Benny to see inside and smell the aromas. “Apology tea.”
Dean grins. "Awesome," he echoes.
“Oh,” she says, taking one look at him and following it up with, “Are you alright?”
ever taken this sage advice?”
“We talked about you,” Sam answers, and finally reaches down to pluck up a discarded whiskey bottle. He pinches the neck between two fingers. “He seemed worried you might not be looking after yourself. Can’t imagine why.”
She smiles, fond and pleased. “Am I the first person you told?” At his nod, she adds, “I’m very honoured. A little surprised, but.”
Sam takes a while to consider. “I definitely knew that you two shared
they’ve brought in a childhood friend of Dr Sexy’s, Teddy, who’s been ill all season with a mysterious disease even Dr Sexy can’t understand. Personally, Dean thinks he’s being systematically poisoned by Chief Nurse Celia, out of revenge for that time last season when Dr Sexy-
That makes Cas snap back to staring at him. “
Dean frowns. “That’s not true. I apologise when I’m wrong.”
Two hours later, Dean is beginning to realise he might have made a mistake.
all genders. And. Like, both and all.
Dean likes the calm. He likes the ocean, and the grit of warm sand between his toes, and the wind that hits harsh if they mistime the weather. He’ll never admit it to Sam - but he fucking loves their beach trips.
is what it took to win an argument against you, I would have locked you and Cas in a closet a long time ago. Or – is the whole point that you two are out of the closet now?”
Dean keeps meaning to go join them. His beer is almost finished, the dregs warm from the sun. He’s wearing swimming trunks and a Blue Oyster Cult t-shirt, and his toes wriggle into the sand until they’re covered.
Dean focuses on that. On that point of contact, of proof, and pushes away the twisting anxiety underneath it. Somehow, he manages to fall asleep like that.
He takes a sip – she made a perfect choice of whiskey, neither too cheap to drink nor richer than he deserves – and swallows. He sets the glass back down, thumbs the condensation on the outside, and says, “You playin’ therapist?”
“Ta-da!” Jack says as they get close enough.
face?” Sam echoes.
It’s kind of like that when the Empty takes Cas, and all the months after.
Cas shakes his head in between sips of coffee. The steam makes the tips of his dark hair curl in, just slightly. “You probably won’t - once they reach six feet, they tend to stop growing.”
It still disarms Dean, sometimes, the way Sam phrases things. It makes the ugliness of their younger years rise up. Dean wants to snap back that no, Dean
However, they also come back with three days of stubble, covered in slime, and each with a strip of pink, glittery hair on their heads.
The five of them - Dean, Cas, Sammy, Eileen and Charlie - pack into the Impala on Saturday morning and come back Sunday evening. Claire and Ash manage the bar by themselves, though every single time they make some small change that takes Dean a week to sniff out. Last year, Claire somehow changed the neon ‘booze’ sign to ‘boobz’, and Dean barely had the heart to change it back.
, invisible but crackling when he unleashes it all. It’s probably overkill – since Chuck’s demise, most of the more dangerous monsters and creatures have gone to bed. But Dean doesn’t feel safe without at least
He only gets a few minutes of peace before he hears the backdoor swing open. He groans, lets his chin hang to his chest. “I’m
Dean can’t help it. He whispers, “What are you doing there, Mittens?”
"Of course, sorry. You're right, it's his choice whether to come out or not." Sam nods to himself, like remembering the instructions of his Gay Studies 101 class at Stanford.
Something shivers across Cas’s face, something hot and lustful, covetous and selfish. “Then I’d like to take you upstairs. To our bed.”
Cas’s shoulders drop, and he walks closer. He holds out his hand, and Dean takes it warily. “I don’t enjoy fighting with you,” Cas says, and he tugs at Dean’s hand until he walks into his personal space. He tugs again and begins to lead Dean upstairs. “Not anymore. And I promised not to leave you without your permission again.”
. Even Jack wasn’t replying to me.”
Finally, Dean comes out, puts fresh-ish clothes on, and sits on the bath-tub lid to face Cas. “So, uh,” he says, swallowing. He gestures to Cas. “What the fuck?”
) and Cas no longer wears the suit, tie, or trench coat.
And Cas says, “Pull the car over.”
Cas raises a mild brow that they both know is designed to make Dean sweat. “My apologies,” he says, flat, because he’s not sorry at all, the little shit. “You had a point to all this, then?”
Dean lets out an irritated growl and runs a hand through his hair. “Well, fucking obviously I didn’t love her, but you should still want to prove that!”
Said trench coat has been hanging in the wardrobe since. Dean wouldn’t let it be magicked up into Heaven, or a pocket dimension, or whatever. He also refused to wash it or hide it away. So, in the closet it's been waiting.
He’s beginning to worry that this is really Dr Sexy.
Dean shoves his hands into his pockets on a shrug. “Depends on the realtor, and how fucked up the place is. And how much I let Cas use his grace to speed up the process.”
Dean drives him home in Baby, with one hand on the steering wheel and one hand free to twitch towards Cas on every speed bump or pothole or sharper-than-he’d-like brake. If Cas notices, he’s too kind to say anything.
“I get that,” says Sam, tilting his voice gentle. “But it sounds like he is. If he’s feeling well enough to kick you from the apartment, it sounds like he has his mojo back.”
He sinks down into the bedside chair and pulls it as close as he dares. He reaches out, and – so carefully – takes hold of Cas’s hand. His ring glints as Dean pulls it high enough to press his lips in a not-quite-kiss against the back of his hand, where the veins are faint-blue and there’s a leftover scar from his days spent on the streets.
"Morning, sweetheart," Dean says, lower than he meant to, gaze slippery over fall of the sheets around Cas's body. He looks like something from a painting, like Apollo with bedhead.
He thinks – obviously he doesn’t have a perfect ranking system in his head, and his dick is going to be biased to whoever last held it – but, well, he’s pretty confident that was the best hand job of his life.
Dean is rapidly losing control of this conversation. He squeezes Cas’s thigh in somewhere between a warning and also because he can’t
Then there comes the familiar bang of the front door shutting, and Dean startles. “Sam,” he says. He reaches and grabs Cas, ignoring his offended noise, and wraps the towels tighter around him to shield him from view. He clutches Cas against his chest and darts out of the bathroom.
It’s like watching a horror movie. Like watching a character do something so stupid and reckless that you’re shouting at the screen. Like watching an episode on TV for the second time, when you’ve already watched it once and you know the main character dies. Like someone spoiled the ending but you bought the VHS with your hard-earned money and you’re gonna watch it anyway.
Cas pauses for a moment, before saying, “I will come back, Dean. I promise. You can text Jack in the slim chance I run late. But – I
She nods emphatically.
Dean doesn’t have a good response to that.
wanted to ruffle up that dude’s feathers in a way Sam never did. Cassie, and Lisa, and Rhonda, too.
“No one calls you that,” says Sam flatly, and Dean sticks a tongue out at him.
“Okay,” nods Dean. “Okay.” And that’s as far as he gets.
“Just this one last level,” murmurs Cas, staring at various pixelated sweets.
But instead, he takes a deep breath. This is about Cas, not him – so that’s who he needs to think of, that’s who he needs to actually help.
.” Dean laughs, and it’s a bitter, nasty thing. “Speaking of Jack, and all you want to protect him from, apparently. You know you left him too! And who the hell do you think had to break the news to him?”
myself,
She shrugs. “Whatever. We all have our baggage, right? Although, I’ve got to say – at least I manage to date people with different names. Cas and Cassie? Really, dude?”
“I thought that when you watch Dr Sexy live, I could spend that time in Heaven. Half an hour in heaven gives me plenty of time to help. You’d be distracted so you wouldn’t worry about me being gone, it gives us a clear routine and time period-”
Dean rips his eyes from the screen, fumbles for the remote and presses pause. (On television, without a tape or DVD! The modern marvels of technology. If he wanted to, he could rewind whatever and whenever he wants. Amazing.)
When he stumbles back, Cas is there to catch him with steady hands and soothing shushes. Dean can’t look at him, can’t look at Baby either – he’s betrayed them both, really. But Cas wraps his arms around Dean from behind and arcs over him as Dean curls in on himself. Dean isn’t crying, at least, just taking huge, shuddering breaths that might be just as humiliating.
“Right, and that would have gone down as well as this is going.”
“I called Cas, you know,” Sam says.
“You want me with you, Cas, honey?” Cas nods, pulls him down into more sliding, groaning kisses with numb, swollen lips. Dean swears against him, and between them, they manage to bring Dean’s cock out of his pants too. Fuck, they’re not even unclothed, and if Dean had any sense, he’d make this special for Cas, at least get them a bed, rose petals and jazz music in the background, and – and Cas spits into his hand and wraps his grip around Dean’s cock, a furious rhythm from the get-go even despite the awkward angle, and any semblance of conscious thought just dribbles away from Dean’s ears.
Dean feels that same adrenaline bubble again. It’s just weird. Weirder still that they’re not even referencing Dr. Sexy being a double or secret twin. Sometimes they’ll keep a twist secret, but then why are they making this one so obvious?
“Hey,” Dean says, pointing a finger at her and then Cassie. “What the hell does that mean?”
“They’re in the morgue now, actually. I can take you down to them?”
“I’m sorry,” says Cas.
Cas lets out a guttural groan and does so, his hand and his cock jerking as his cum shoots from him in long stripes between them. Dean’s head goes perfectly blank at the sight and he’s coming too, all over them both, hand fast and pumping even through the aftershocks. When he’s finally depleted, he sinks, full body, onto Cas, and Cas’s arms come up around them to hold him close. Dean breathes damp and open-mouthed against Cas’s shoulder.
Sam makes an impressed huff from his nose. “Come on, man. What’s going on?”
He deserves that.
Dean huffs. “I’m a mechanic. Not a cop. My name’s Dean.”
“If it’s a clear case, I deal with it myself,” Cassie answer, tone hard and unyielding. “Or, usually with Meera. If it looks more complicated, then I call in some of our other contacts. There’s a hub of hunters across the country who are usually open to helping us.”
“Girlfriend could be the same hooker,” Meera adds. “Our next step was going to be questioning the local sex workers and see if any of them are acting strange.”
, what the hell does that have to do with anything?”
wore cowboy boots all the time…”
“A few years,” Dean repeats, spluttering. “By yourself? With – with Meera? Nice to meet you, by the way.”
“Nothing happened,” croaks Dean, and then clears his throat. “Cas, seriously, what the fuck? What, you weren’t you enjoying yourself?”
research purposes. You don’t care for him at all!”
“I can imagine,” Dean mumbles. He can relate to that gratitude alright. Then he frowns. “But you have your grace. You’ve been using it. For the house and plants. And for me. Wait – are you running out of it?” He grips Cas tight in his concern.
myself.”
Dean is frowning, and trying not to. “Jesus." When he says it like that, it seems obvious. "You couldn’t have let me know a little earlier?”
“Yes,” she says, and it’s suspicious. When he doesn’t say anything else, she says, “Well, I’m going back inside. When you want to know about gender, pick someone else to teach you.”
“Cas, sweetheart,” Dean steps close, forces his voice low and gentle and only a little bit brittle. “Don’t do this. I love you. Okay? I love you.”
Cas shakes his head, strokes Dean’s biceps (when did his hands get there?) before pushing off and stepping back. “I’m coming – I can fly us there.”
– you will not –
“I am
“What’s your name, buddy?” Dean says, and he claps a hand on the guy’s shoulder.
“Hey, is this Michaela?” He puts the phone on speaker and holds in between Cas and himself.
He scowls at her. “Fine.” Not believable, obviously, but he puts enough force into it that he hopes she’ll at least leave it alone. “We figured out that it’s a rakshasa. Sam and I fought one way back in the day; they need permission to enter someone’s home, and they can shapeshift. They eat their victims but take bones and meat back to their nest.”
“This is nice,” Sam says for him. “I’m glad we ended up by the beach.”
Dean’s hand squeezes around Cas’s shoulder, a moment of weakness, and then he snatches the hand back.
“It wasn’t his fault, Cas-”
Cas’s face clears from its previous frown as he nods. “That fits,” he says. “And the child?”
“Hope you enjoy not pooping for a week,” Dean tells Sam, meanly.
He keeps Cas in the apartment as much as possible, and in bed or on the couch. He brings him books from the library and charity shop nearby – thrillers that Cas gets bored with, romances that Dean gets uncomfortable with, and history books on subjects Cas declares he already knows about. They watch TV together – Dean falls asleep during more than one documentary, and he orders whole boxsets of kids movies where the characters are all animals (Cas’s secret love). They watch
They move together, like something spiritual. Each bone-deep thrust makes Dean’s toes curl and some kind of profanity slip from his lips, whether a curse or Cas’s name. Their skin is damp where it touches, and Dean’s hand skitters over Cas’s before settling on the meat of his ass. He squeezes, and Cas stutters on his next thrust, and Dean lets out a gasp. Their bodies connect along every inch of skin, and every fresh touch sets off a reverb.
Dean waves him off, and then wanders back to the sofa. He settles into the couch with a fresh beer and clicks on the television.
Eileen narrows her eyes, and signs, with a doubtful expression, “That’s all?”
Billie comes over, and interrupts his revelation with a neutral, “Refill?”
Dean should push on. He can do this. He can do this for Cas, at least. But instead, all that comes out of his mouth is, “Can I just hold you tonight? I – is that okay?”
He wakes up on his back, with Cas curled on his chest, right above his heart and letting out these little kitten-snores, fast asleep.
He pulls Jack over into the path of dirt in front of the bonnet and positions his arms as if the guitar is hanging low and rebellious. "Now, here, hold the neck like you're supporting it, like you're going to smash it against the stage when the song's over. And you need your whole arm to move where you're strumming, full throttle. Imagine you're at Chicago Stadium, and it's 1977, and full of people, and - here, for the riff! Bang your head!" Dean lets out a delighted laugh as Jack finally gets it, in his own awkward way.
“Are you happy, Cas?” Dean finds himself asking, before he even realises he was going to speak. Almost against his will, he remembers a tear-soaked confession and black goo. A deal dependant on such happiness. As soon as he thinks that, Dean wishes he could stuff the words back into his mouth.
1) a personal headcanon: Cas writes kirk/spock fanfiction that Dean pretends not to read, but still has a Livejournal account just to anonymously comment every time Cas writes an update. The writing varies between the most beautiful prose Dean’s ever read, springing up tears as Cas describes surveying a new planet, versus dirty, dirty situations where Kirk keeps getting his top ripped up and his southern drawl accentuated. (Does Kirk have a southern accent? Dean finds that suspicious but won’t admit why.) (Also: Dean absolutely dresses up as Kirk one night, ripped boob window and all.)
He’s been domesticated, and he’s not even mad about it. Jesus.
“You know, this is really not the reaction I was hoping for,” Dean complains, but he’s a hypocrite who’s already wrapping his arms around him.
Cas’s inhale of breath as Dean pulls back barely an inch, still sharing that pocket of air, noses nudged together, eyes closed.
It’s just – Dean still keeps freaking out. Kissing is great, and touching, and getting to see Cas naked is
Dean flinches. “Was that ever an option?”
He turns to face Cas, and half-sits-leans on the table he just righted. He crosses his feet at the ankle and folds his arms. “Cas,” he teases. When Cas continues to look at him with those big eyes, he tsks, and says, “Come on, this happens every now and then. Especially with our type of clientele. He’ll cool off and be embarrassed in the morning.”
There’s no way the lovebirds didn’t hear him – but instead of a hastened shush or fervent giggles, he hears a shuddered,
“I had a bet going, you dolts!”
Dean raises his brows. “You really think you’re in a fit state to drive right now? Cas here is helping you out. It’s us, the police, or a reaper.”
Cas continues to finger him, careful and brutal at the same goddamn time, sparks jumping through his body every time he curls his fingers and sucks marks at odd spots across his skin. Finally, when Dean is begging and pleading in desperation, dick flushed hard and red, Cas grabs a condom. He pulls out his fingers and wipes them on the bedsheet, and Dean trembles a little at the loss. Before he can freak out, Cas lines up, and asks, “Is this okay?”
“We’re supposed to enjoy life, now. We fought for the whole world, and we won. This is supposed to be our retirement.”
“There’s a few inches, alright?”
But with Chuck’s disappearance, most of the worst creatures have gone to ground. Demons and angels and rogue in between ones are locked away or being dealt with by Sam’s growing community of hunters.
. He didn’t know there was a name for it, never mind a fucking
Dean pulls back, just enough to move his hand from Cas’s hair to his jaw. “You’re my best friend,” Dean says, and he’s close enough to feel the warmth of Cas’ breath against his chin, and his fingertips are combed through the dark curls behind Cas’s ears. “You- you’re.” He falters, because every noun that comes to mind somehow isn't enough.
Cas is watching him, and even in the light, Dean can see the frost melting away, the twitch of a smile emerging even with his eyes still shining. “Yeah?”
“But I
They manage to track down a chick working that evening, hanging out near a bar and obvious by how she checks them out. Her expression sours, though, once they explain who they are and who they’re looking for.
of taking it further – he can’t follow through. And maybe he’d be able to with a less considerate partner, with a boyfriend who wasn’t so finely tuned to Dean that he notices a change in his breathing pattern or heart rate. In that instance, he’d be able to power through and just, like, get it over with.
And there’s no mistaking it – he knows damn well what a blowjob sounds like.
Cas considers it with a head-tilt. “I don’t think so?” he says. “This form still seems to be angelic in nature.”
“Fuck,” Dean says, and he wraps a hand around the back of Cas’s neck to pull him into a kiss. Cas follows, leans into it, and now his cock is pressed hard against the over-sensitive skin of Dean’s. Dean lets a moan slip free, and he reaches down to return the favour. The idea of touching Cas’s velvet skin, the hardness there, hearing and watching him finish – it’s – he’s –
The weeks all blend together anyway.
Cas leans past him to grab the lube, and Dean takes the opportunity to grip at his dick through his plaid pyjama pants, delighting in the cut-off groan it elicits. He strokes, absent-mindedly, until Cas returns with an open-capped tube and shining fingers.
“You’re coming over every week for dinner,” warns Dean. “And once you get a house of your own, I’m coming to help exorcise it.”
So, instead, he starts making deals with – himself, perhaps, or whoever else is listening.
He opens his mouth and repeats what he heard a character on Dr Sexy say once: "I don't use labels."
Cas bends down to press a kiss against Dean’s sternum as he pulls his fingers out. He reaches for a condom and Dean thinks that’s the smart thing to do, except his hand reaches out anyway to stop Cas from ripping the packet open. “You’re not carrying anything, right?” he says, meaning something else he’s not quite able to ask for yet. Yes, he knows the value of safe sex, and yes, he’s used condoms for women and johns and the like. But he wants
Dean throws his hands up in frustration. “Because she’s my ex! And now she’s here, and you’re not threatened at all? Come on, give me a hickey, mess up my hair. Fuck me against the wall so they can hear. Let’s go!”
, and then the corner of Cas’s mouth quirks up. “Weren’t you going to the store?”
“Yes,” says Dean, eventually. But the answer feels sour on his tongue, and he frowns. He looks down at his fingers, clenched on the wood. “Probably. I mean - she’s like my
“I’ll go check on my garden,” Cas announces, with a tinge of sadness to his expression.
And he knows. He’d know Cas anywhere – he knows his soul, and the touch of it.
“I am attracted to men, women, and all genders. I want to be open with you all-”
to work with! Just ask Cas. Cas, aren’t I a delight?”
“Yeah,” says Dean, again, and spreads his legs as wide around Cas’s thighs, to make clear how exactly he wants him.
“You know,” Sam interjects. “I actually
“Dean,” Cas breathes, groans, and his hand curls. His thumb swipes across Dean’s slit and Dean’s whole body shudders from the sensation. “You have no idea – you
It startles a laugh from him, and something in his gut loosens. He nudges her back. It’s true – even stepping back from hunting now, it’s obvious that there’s less going on. It’s almost back to the old days, before angels and even before demons. Now, Sam has a hunter network built of people all over the country, who can tell each other when they’ve spotted a wendigo or found a ghost, and they can actually be
." Sam starts counting them off his fingers. And when Claire was sick with the flu, you made four litres of chicken soup for her. When Charlie-”
His phone buzzes in his pocket, and he pulls it out, expecting it to be a text expressing Cas’s impatience – instead, it’s a notification from that stupid app. He must have accidentally pressed the ‘yes’ option because it’s a message from beach boy saying, “hey handsome how’s your evening going?”
“What, with your widdle cat paw?”
Dean can’t help himself – he’s smiling. “Back massage?” He repeats.
Dean shakes his head, bats Cas’s hand away and licks across Cas’s head, closes his eyes and tries to shut out the ringing in his ears, the thrum of his heartbeat. He’s being stupid. It’s fine, he can do this-
“Bradbury,” he greets, pushing past her to pace within her room. He’s holding three library books that he drops down on her coffee table, narrowly missing a glass of water. “I have something to share.”
He panics and clicks on the first free video he can find. No way in hell is this going on his internet history, never mind his credit card.
wanted to piss you off, so I said something dumb. Like, ‘that’s so gay.’ Really stupid. And you lost your
Dean feels as if he’s been punched in the gut. He can’t – he freezes up.
“Shut it,” he says, before she says anything at all. “Like anyone’s going to come here for a Cosmopolitan.”
His grin stretches wider, and he pulls Cas down for another kiss, one that keeps getting interrupted by unhelpful and toothy smiles.
Cas’s eyes go warm and liquid and Dean squirms under their gaze. Patricia saves him by laughing, a deep and gravelly chortle, and knocking her husband on the shoulder. “Reminds me of when we first started dating. Remember when you tried to hide your first anniversary gift?”
Cas makes a soft hum, and he pulls his hand free only so he can rest it along Dean’s cheek. “Then that’s what we’ll do,” he says. “We’ll never leave each other again.”
It's a natural response. Warm body in his bed, cuddling up to him, smelling of home and ozone and sandalwood? Of course he'd pop a boner. That's - that's perfectly reasonable.
“Yeah
Fuck it. He’s got to commit to the chick-flick moment. Cas deserves it.
Cas walks forward, close enough to touch if Dean wanted to. His hair is ruffled from sleep. “I read a bit. Had a nap,” and gestures to his hair to illustrate. His smile twists a little, and he says, “Mostly, I, um. I missed you.”
“Obviously,” echoes Cas. He looks – he looks fractured right down the middle. He looks like he’s seeing everything fresh and awful, like he’s looking down into the pit of hell about to dive.
“It’s back home.”
Dean grins as Cas struggles, and he takes advantage of Cas’s sudden blindness to kiss the slivers of skin revealed, hands skating up his sides to ostensibly help but really to touch as much tan skin as possible. Cas flinches at each touch, and slows in his ministrations, distracted as Dean touches and kisses whatever he can reach.
Bethany jabs a finger into Dr Sexy’s chest, manicured and angry. “You
Cas growls, and the hand not grasping Dean’s skull slides a hot path down Dean’s flank. “Can I?” He asks, in between bruising kisses.
“He makes the best veg you’ve ever tasted,” Dean says, well aware that he’s one of
He nods, oblivious to the daggers Dean is glaring at Cassie, and says, “I do understand. As far as I can tell, nothing was specifically taken from each victim, though they are missing flesh. I weighed them, and each of the gentlemen were missing around a third of their estimated body weight. There was nothing else found at the crime scene.”
(Sam totally would.)
“And you came here hoping I would?” Dean throws the plastic bag of clanking bottles into the garbage – at least one smashes within from the impact, but he can’t bring himself to give a shit.
“Dean-” Cas’s voice is something careful, and Dean is shaking from underneath his skin.
“Come on,” he says, readjusting the brass pipe in his grip. “The only thing worse would be if we have to buy them drinks.”
Cas presses his lips together, and then scoots closer. “I should have been more understanding,” he says. “The conversations we’ve had – well. Perhaps we should have discussed it in more detail.”
“Right.” There’s the sound of gravel underneath boots, and then the thud of a warm body leaning next to him. “Very fresh, indeed.”
They’re sweaty and sticking and perfect, and Dean’s hands skate over Cas like he doesn’t know where to touch, where to squeeze. Cas kisses him as much as he can, their mouths sliding against each other with little finesse or purpose other than to be joined here too.
limits.”
Shit. Dean squeezes Cas’ foot, and says, “No, shit. I’m messing things up. You just surprised me, is all.” He tries to remember what Charlie said. “Uh, I accept you. You are valid. And, shit.”
“Little.” Benny cocks a brow in his direction. “Not sure there’s that much distance between you two, brother.”
Dean has to blink back tears that get washed away anyway when he fails. Fuck, he missed the dude.
“I know, sweetheart-”
There’s a feeling, low in his gut, that’s warning him. It’s the same feeling when he entered a building on a hunt and just
So, it’s like on TV, when a character reveals something, and you have to rethink everything you knew about them. Like on Dr Sexy, when they revealed it was actually his evil twin they’d been watching for a season, and suddenly his break-up with Bethany and his decision to burn down the morgue and the other stuff he’d been doing all made sense.
“Last night,” he admits. Something flickers over her face, and he adds, “But that’s because I only found out bisexuality existed last night.”
stab me.”)
The thing is – the thing is. They’re kind of – they’re not really – well, okay, they still haven’t actually had sex. Or, really, anything that close to it, not since Cas jerked Dean off so thoroughly and fast that he considered converting to a religion called Cas’s Big Sexy Hands. They’ve kissed, and made out, and sometimes there’s a lot of writhing full-bodily against each other. It’s easy when Dean can kiss Cas, and be kissed by him, and lose himself in the lust. They sleep in the same bed together, and spoon and hug, and they see glimpses of each other naked. Like, Dean has seen Cas
“Oh, we’re joking about that now?” Dean scoffs, ignoring the twinge of his chest, and chucks an arm over Cas’s shoulders to pull him close. “We’re making funnies about that. Cool, nothing off limits then.”
He looks over and Cas is already gone, flown from the passenger seat and into the air where Dean can’t follow.
He’s got to give it to the writers, this is one of the best seasons of the show he’s seen. Maybe that’s because it’s the first season he’s been able to fully catch up on in years, but whatever. He likes that they finally did away with Dr Sexy’s evil twin, and new girl doctor on the block, Bethany, is kicking up a storm. There’s such clear chemistry between her and Dr Sexy, and
Dean takes a moment to respond. He tries to sort it all out in his head before he acts – it’s a brand new thing he’s trying.
It’s his own fault, of course. This is what happens when the series ends. They defeated the Big Bad, and the hero (Sam) got the girl (Eileen) and everyone lived happily ever after. But Dean’s the one left behind, his plot unresolved. Or – worse – this is the ending he gets. This is the ending his narrative was always destined to end with.
At least, someone who looks like Dr Sexy. Dean rolls his eyes and tells his heartrate to calm down– they’ve done the evil twin storyline before, but maybe this is a doppelganger, or some mind control or something. Regardless, he can’t help the shot of weird adrenaline in his stomach, like he wants to jump up and shake it out. He watches the flashback again, that little snippet, rewinding once and then letting it play out again.
There is no sound. Absolutely
“My point is - I’m glad we found the beach.” Sam draws his knees up and holds his beer lax between them. “Then and now.”
Dean thinks the idea of sitting across from them, with a stony Cas beside him, in an unfamiliar Illinois bar booth, might be a waking nightmare right now. So he waits until the four of them surface in fresh air to say: “Actually, I think Cas and I might just hit the road.”
“Hey, no need for the attitude! No need to thank us for solving the case, either…” Dean trails off as he starts to actually take in what his eyes are seeing.
“I really do,” says Cas, and it’s then that Dean notices his eyes are blown impossibly wide.
And Dean abruptly realises Cas doesn’t
“But I’m missing something, right?”
Everyone leaves, and it’s always him pushing them out the front door, silently begging they’ll come back. His dad got sick of him, left him hunting alone. Sammy left for Stanford, a higher education that was less of a dream and more of an escape route as proven by the fact he hasn’t gone back to it. Mom couldn’t stand to be in the same room as him for long swathes of her return. And now Cas, too.
“Ah. Um, yeah.” Dean taps his fingers on the table. He should’ve brought beers for this conversation. “Do you want a beer?” Maybe whiskey, actually. (It’s barely midday.)
Until something jolts his fingers. A strange static electricity that zings through his fingers.
Dean swallows. He nods. “I did. But I didn’t mean it. It’s your bar as much as it is mine. I know that. I’m just- You have no idea-” he falters, and rubs a hand over his face. “Fuck,
Dean sits up, trying not to feel as hurt as he does. “Angels pee, now?”
, not a ‘good hunter’ – and you have been in cahoots-”
Victor leans back and gives him a small grin. “Wow. It’s been years.”
“That’s not the point!”
Castiel doesn’t look at him, and instead stares at the hands cupped within his lap.
,” she declares. “You only saved Teddy’s life for
Cas has the courtesy to look at least a little abashed. “It was the longing. The first time I heard it since Jack pulled me out.”
“Is that goatee new?” Dean gives him his best shit-eating grin as he chucks him under the chin. “Suits you.”
Dean’s about to offer a rebuttal, probably involving the word ‘bitch’ and a comment on the length of Sam’s hair, when Cas through the doorway with a pile of books up to his chin. He freezes there, caught out. “Ah,” he says, and clears his throat. “Am I interrupting?”
"Tough, I do," Sam replies, easy as anything. Like he's got the winning hand and he knows it.
Cassie looks around, and frowns when she sees the truck Dean is pointing at. “You got rid of the Impala,” she notices lightly.
Dean frowns. “You can sew?”
“I mean,” Sam continues, clearly not as concerned about imminent fratricide as he should be. “You two are literally married.” He looks pointedly at the ring on Dean’s finger, and Dean, maturely, shoves said hand into his pocket.
"Okay." Sam nods, and does that stupid-downturned-lips move. "Fair enough. No labels - cool."
Dean grips onto Cas’s sleeve, and shoves all the papers and brochures away so he can twist on the couch. He bends his knee to press the cap of it against the sofa’s back, and he raises Cas’s hand to kiss the palm. “You’re never leaving again,” Dean vows, breath soft against the hairless, vulnerable skin. “And I will never,
He takes a deep breath, just letting himself enjoy this. Enjoy the night. Then, on his exhale, he hears it.
Dean rolls his eyes and shucks Cas as he walks past. “Sure, nerd. We might want to rent a car too for our stay – the pick-up truck doesn’t really scream ‘fed.’”
Cas’s gaze like fingertips across his skin. Both have the same effect on him, like a full-body shiver that never fulfils, never settles.
“Cas wants to buy an allotment for next spring,” offers Dean, and then immediately wishes he hadn’t. He folds his arms, and slouches in the chair.
“Not for me,” Cas replies, simply. “Not with you. Why
He has the unbidden thought that he wasn’t supposed to enjoy it, that it was supposed to be a chore to kiss him, and then that thought sets fire to the rest of his brain until it’s filled with numbing smoke. Dean swallows. He makes no move at all to remove his hands.
, as he asked whether he had anyone to go home to. Like he hadn’t just come in a sixteen-year-old’s mouth. Dean had spat at him for his hypocrisy, semen and saliva mixed together, and earned a black eye to really hammer home the point.
“No, no. My grace is once again infinite. Jack just had to hold onto it to get me out. Then, once he managed to destroy the Empty, he gave it back.”
“Cas!” He says, falling back against the bed.
Right. Angel.
Dick reels back, and Dean doesn’t stop, He grabs onto Dick’s collar to keep his aim steady, and keeps hitting, like his dad taught him, fast and angry and unrelenting. He punches until he hears the crack of bone, and Dick is wailing. He drops him, then, on the floor, and shakes out his hand. He thinks he broke a knuckle and there’s blood-spattered across his wedding ring.
Dean shakes his head. “I know you promise
“Or just knows men are more likely to underestimate a female form,” says Cassie, and it
feel that way for you!”
He swallows his goddamn pride and raps his knuckles against the bedroom door. “Cas? Come on. Can we talk?”
“Don’t you get it? Cas, I thought I
, and it spills out of him like guilty water. “Cas and I – we’re – I was thinking about moving out of the bunker.”
But it goes well. Customers are willing to give the new guy a bit of leeway, and he manages to earn even the sceptics’ trust by just showing them what he’s done and talking them through it.
close, he’s a firework just waiting to shoot off.
Michaela lets out a noisy, hard-done-by exhale, and says, “He asked to come in, and I said something like ‘Yeah, whatever, it’s your house. Go for it.’ What does that matter?”
Dean pats his thigh and then stands. Something deep in his gut twinges painfully as he lets go of Cas. But he knows this from first aid training, his social care experience – get rid of the threat before applying further care.
He shakes himself - the beach makes him
Her eyebrows rise. “You have a home now?”
“I think you’re just sensitive,” she smirks, elbowing him in the side.
Then Cassie lets out a delighted laugh, and she holds out her fist for Cas. After a moment, he bumps his own against it. Cassie turns to where Dean and Meera stand, and victoriously crows, “Go Cass team!”
So, he got really good at replaying them in his head.
of the general idea, and looked the other way when Dean once ordered a pay-per-view on his credit card. (At the time, Dean thought he had been slick enough to get away with it. In retrospect, it was probably the kindest thing John ever did for him to not bring it up.) At least Dean had some vague idea of how it was all supposed to work.
for. He comes, hard and shouting, striping over his own chest. He opens his eyes just in time to see Cas’s eyes go wild and desperate, and then he stutters into Dean’s ass and comes. He lets out one long breath, and then goes limp, falling bodily on top of Dean.
Sam lets out an exhale, and then says, “Do you remember one time, Dad took us through Florida, and I asked if we could stop by the beach?”
“What the hell?” Sam replies, frowning. “Even for you, that’s a stretch.”
They all stand there, four pretend FBI agents, as the mortician explains the two bodies were killed in a similar fashion – ripped apart with sharp instruments. Perhaps an animal attack, if it weren’t so vicious and in the middle of suburbia. The mortician is pale as he explains, clearly shaken by the entire thing.
He drives through the night and gets back to their Kansas home in the early hours of the morning. The crusts of ignored sleep make his eyes dry, and he feels gross all over, the scent of sewage still clinging to his skin despite quickly popping into their wasted motel shower.
“Dean!” Sam barks, finally having lost his patience.
He spends some time thinking about past relationships. He wonders if Cassie or Lisa ever guessed – he can’t imagine so.
He stares at the symbol. He’s tried activating with blood – his, demonic, and angelic from the Men of Letter’s archive – and with prayer, and Latin. He lets out a deep sigh. He stands, casts aside a whiskey bottle, and staggers to the wall.
, Sammy? And for the record-
Cas lets out a non-committal hum, and his thumb strokes across Dean’s stubble. “You could,” he allows. “But I don’t believe you will.”
Dean frowns. “She’s texting Rowena?”
Dean pulls the truck out of the police station lot and gets back on the road. As he settles onto the straight, his fingertips patter guiltily on the leather steering wheel, and he admits, “I just thought – I guess I thought she was the only person who I didn’t leave their life worse off.”
Inspiration suddenly strikes, and a slow grin stretches his face. He snatches the remote from Cas’s hand and says, “I have an idea. Metatron might have already shown you the spoilers, but you need to experience tribbles for yourself.”
you. Five years ago. I’m surprised it took you this long, honestly.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “Yeah?”
“I was thinking-”
“Hi, Dean!”
About a week later, he turns up outside Sam’s door, knocking until his brother answers. Sam frowns. “What are you doing here?”
He says, “I don’t know how to want things. And I’ve wanted you for so long that I didn’t even realise I did. And that’s the truth, Cas. I’ve wanted you far more than I ever thought I could deserve you.”
“So what are you doing this way?”
“What?” she exclaims, hair messy and leftover eyeliner smudged under her eyes. “What the fuck, dude? It’s a Saturday!”
Dean swallows the panic in his throat. His hand twitches within Cas’s hold – he doesn’t quite know whether he wants to get away or curl in close.
He tries to think over what he did like. He closes his eyes and tries to only pick out the good parts. Maybe he can focus on those and try again another time. Maybe he can start off liking certain things, and then warm up to liking everything else gay, like the hair pulling and ramming in without warning.
Cas responds to that by shaking his hair like a dog, spraying Dean with droplets of ocean and making him laugh out loud.
Cas just smiles gently at him. “You did very well, defeating Chuck. Have you and Sam been enjoying your life without him?”
ran away. You always do this. You push us a little further and see if I’ll come with you, and then when I do, you pretend it never happened.”
He grabs onto the static, bracing himself for the electric shock, but it doesn’t come. Instead, it just feels soft, and welcoming. It’s the strangest sensation, nothing at all comparable to anything on Earth. Like fire-warmed velvet around a live-wire. Like how clouds should feel when you watch them with your back on a sunny field.
Dean says into the dim, hazy space between them, “You have to promise.”
Cas doesn’t just like
mention Anna in front of Cas. Or me, actually.”
But Cas must understand – Cas always gets it – because his eyes soften into something liquid and potent, and he kisses Dean so sweetly. “Me too,” he says, and then he bottoms out, and Dean sees stars.
“Do you want anything?” Dean cuts across him. He’s not fooling anyone, least of all Cas, but he grabs one of Cas’s t-shirts to pull on. “Thai, maybe?”
The first intrusion is – well, Dean’s expecting it, after his own research post-bi-crisis. A little strange, a little uncomfortable, but he begs for more and the second finger makes all the difference. He feels full, and it’s so much
Dean can’t help the laugh, exhausted as it sounds. “Fuck yeah, we’re doing that again.”
“So,” Dean tries to translate. “You have the best of both?”
“You know,” says Cas, in the voice that means whatever he’s going to say is going to annoy Dean a lot. “If you want, you could borrow my car to go for a date in the next town over.”
(He loved reading, too; but Dad didn’t like Dean reading, or at least not where he could see it. He’d come up with different excuses, of course – took up space in the duffel, or took up space in his head, or maybe he decided the book itself was stupid – but he didn’t like it. TV was easier to get away with. Normal kid-stuff that Dad could pat himself on the back for allowing.)
Just him, and the remnants of Empty goo, puddled around the space. There are larger lumps, one in particular, but not large enough to hide a 5ft-something angel. Barely enough to cover a cushion, or dog.
He wakes a couple of hours later with Cas spooned up behind him. It’s warm, and Dean is damp with sweat all over. He rubs a hand over his face and knocks his elbow against the arm slung across his torso. Cas mumbles something unintelligible into Dean’s shoulder, and Dean smiles a little at his grouchiness.
Cas grins a wicked curve to his mouth, and he runs his palm across Dean’s chest as he walks past him, a tantalising path that, with no effort at all, tugs Dean to pivot on his heel to follow. In the doorway, he says, “If that’s the best part, you’d better prove it.” And then he slips away, casual as nothing, like he hasn’t hooked into Dean like a fishline and left him with his jaw dropped.
Very aware that he’s being made fun of, Dean sulkily says, “No.” And Cas kisses his pout away.
Dean stares at the mugs. He realises he's flat-palmed again on the counter, and his hands feel heavy, like they don't want to move.
Dean’s mouth opens and shuts a few times before he manages, “You’re kidding, right?”
It becomes a home faster than Dean expects it to. He shouldn’t be surprised, really. Not when it’s not about the paint or the choice of dining chair or whatever second-hand books they fill the library with. It’s about –
The annual beach getaway was Sam’s idea, a couple of years ago. Benny owns a small beach house in the next town over - it’s the same damn coast, but somehow different enough to make it a whole ordeal. He lends it to them whenever they ask - sometimes he'll join them, and sometimes he won't. (It also depends whether he and Cas are getting along that month.)
He’s breathing hard, by the end of it, angry and sharp.
From the pattern of his gaze, travelling up and down, Cas can’t seem to decide where to look. Dean’s about to lean down and pull his briefs back up, point proven to himself and Cas too, when Cas throws the sheets away from himself. He stands and fucking
“Yeah, yeah. I get it.” He looks away, tensing his face to stop any wayward, humiliating tears. “Whatever, man. Don’t let the door hit you on the way out.”
Dean knows that Cas has nightmares, just like Dean but different. He knows the sound of muffled cries through their adjoined bedroom walls, and he knows that when he goes to knock on the door, Cas will open it and then immediately fall into the hug Dean offers.
Ten minutes later, he snatches the leaflet from Sam’s know-it-all hands, ignoring the smug expression on his face and grumbling about fucking screws and jammy shelves.
Dean is fucked up that he gets a kick out of it. That he feels
Sam folds his arm across his chest. Dean’s sure other siblings are supportive to their brother after a messy break-up. He bets Eileen would be being nicer to him. “It’s just – I mean, Dean, come
“And what did you say to that?” For some reason, the answer is important to Dean.
Dean nods, too quick to be believable. “Yeah, I-”
“Warming up to it,” says Benny. “The lunchtime rush will be the busiest. You up for bagging some mackerel?”
“Guh,” says Cas, and Dean huffs a laugh against the whorl of his ear, and Cas shudders, and the movement against his junk makes Dean let out a pant of his own. “Dean, fuck.”
and he loved him, and it wasn’t enough. It’s not a lie, not really, but he knows Cas misunderstands, and Dean is a coward. Dean will take the excuse, especially if it means Cas will hold him and guide him into the truck’s driver’s seat and nestle in beside him. He commands Dean to stay there while he gets something else from the house.
. Absolutely not. Okay, goodbye. We will see you Wednesday. Have a good evening.”
Cas opens the passenger seat and startles Dean from his melancholy. He holds up his prize – blankets and cushions from their closet. “We can make the cargo bed into a backseat,” he says.
Cas’s lips part, just a little. “It would be safe,” he says.
“Hey!” Dean bats him away.
It really would look nice above the bar.
. Dude is objectively the hottest thing Dean’s ever seen, it’s a treat every time.
Dean until they both calm down. Dean doesn’t know how much Cas knows about the terror, because such terror also prevents him from talking about it.
There’s a weight in his gut that sinks and twists. The house pulls far away from him.
The look on his face. The touch of his hand against his shoulder. The things he was
Cas doesn’t answer, just circles back to Sam who’s already nodding and saying, “Yeah, so the answer is zero. Which means the next answer is thirteen, right?”
Dean doesn’t need to clarify what ‘it’ is. He’s seen bits and pieces from the windows, and when he drives out to pick up groceries or supplies or whatever. He smiles. “Of course.”
Fuck. Fucking fuck-head angels.
Leaving just Dean and Cas in the room. On the couch.
Dean curls his fist in victory and says, “Yes. From all accounts, I think you were the last one to see him. I was wondering-”
“No, you
effort in, huh? I bet you’d rather be in Heaven right now, playing house with Jack. I can just as easily watch a movie with a beer by myself,
Jack and Cas are telling the truth about their time in Heaven relative to time on Earth, then, because Dean woke up this morning on the tail end of a dream that promised,
. He knows he’s attracted to him – he knows what it feels like now, heady with lust or just admiring the cut of his shoulders underneath a second-hand knitted sweater. But it gets all twisted up and rotten when he tries to slot that into the rest of his life. What does that mean for all the women he dated before? What does that mean about his personality, the ladies’ man, the Han Solo, the flirt? What about the johns and the bait and everyone who sexualised
Dean’s gaze flickers up, and his panic must be written all over his face, because a flicker of softness passes over her expression before she’s back to her unimpressed usual. (Usual, apparently, for having known her all of an hour.) He swallows, and says, “Cool. Do I get my own jumpsuit?”
“Like hell it was!”
“So, you’re not sorry.”
Dean croaks out, not quite joking, “Yessir,” but he keeps making out with Cas, rubbing against each other, sloppy and desperate. Cas grips the back of Dean’s legs, and holds him steady as he thrusts
an inconvenience, and swivels in Dean’s forearms. He says to Sam and Eileen, “Hello Sam, and Eileen. It’s me. Castiel.”
White noise, again. Helpful.
He prays he’s holding tight enough, as he starts to lead them home.
“What are you talking about?” She turns to look at him - whatever she reads on her face makes her expression go loose in shock. She stubs out her smoke and turns to face him fully. “Sweetheart. Please tell me you’re doing your deliberately clueless thing.”
“I’m sure I can learn.” Cas says it as if it’s obvious, and Dean presses his grin against Cas’s skin.
They manage to track down the rakshasa to a section of the sewer that hasn’t been touched since its original construction in the sixties. It takes three hours for them to get their gear ready and to travel there, and Dean and Cas don’t exchange a single word for the entirety. They each have a brass pipe they poorly hammered the ends of flat and sharp. It’s one of the cruder weapons Dean has used, but not the worst. He fiddles with it on the journey through the sewers, trying to get used to the weight and balance of it (and also to avoid glancing over at Cas, like he wants to do every twenty seconds apparently.)
Cas hides a smile against Dean’s chest. He then looks up from underneath his eyelashes, and says, “I, um, have two inside of you already, actually.”
, all of you!”
Cas is right. Dean
Cas eventually asks, “Did something happen? When I was in the Empty?”
In the kitchen, Dean deposits Cas on the table, and forces Sam and Eileen to sit there too while he cooks. “We all deserve a home-cooked meal, right?” He says, warningly, in case anyone dares analyse him right now. He wags a spatula at them all and tosses a tea-towel over his shoulder. He points a thumb over his shoulder at Cas, and says, “You explain.”
“Don’t you want to read the instructions?” Sam says, picking up a thin paper leaflet and waggling it in Dean’s direction.
Finally, Dean dumps Cas onto the mattress before he makes the conscious decision to; before he can overthink the implications. Fortunately, Cas just starts curling up at the bottom of the bed, and Dean shucks his outer layers and pants quietly. He then crawls into the fresh bed in his t-shirt and boxer-briefs.
, Charlie. Dr McSexy!”
Dean swallows. “You’ve never told me any of that.”
Dean lets out a groan. “Fine. If
Cas rolls his eyes. “Okay. Why don’t I avert my gaze while you get dressed?”
“You’ve seen it before, yeah?” Bravado will get Dean through this – it’s always worked before. He smirks. “You’re right. No need for me to be shy. This is your work after all, isn’t it?” He gestures down, lets his fingertips brush past the V of his hips.
“Behave, both of you,” Eileen warns, before grabbing her keys and making a quick exit.
Another memory jolts Dean and he grins, manic and all over the place. “Remember another time you pushed me up against an alley wall? Remember that? You gonna beat me bloody again? Or should I beat you, this time? I can’t keep track.”
-this terrible
smotherer. Remember when I broke my arm when we were kids?”
“You okay?” Dean nudges behind him, presses a kiss against his neck.
“So,” Cassie says, looking at him with that same knowing smile. “Goodbye again, huh?”
Cas twitches, just minutely, and maybe Dean wouldn’t have felt it if they weren’t bodily pressed against each other, just as Kirk gets his yellow jersey top ripped
There is quiet for a moment or so longer, and Dean wonders whether maybe he shouldn’t have asked. Perhaps this is a hidden trigger for Cas that upsets him.
He sits on the couch they bought from a charity furniture store because Cas said he liked old things with personality (and then levelled a look at Dean that Dean elected to ignore, even as he counted out the cash for the damn thing).
“And what a shame that would have been.” Dean’s never going back in the ocean again. “Come on, there’s only six episodes left to catch up on. We can blast through them all tonight, and then watch live every week.”
It hadn’t been that many times, and he had gotten lucky. Something he only did when he and Sam were really desperate, and the local town wasn’t hiring delivery boys or construction managers actually checked the ID of their workers. He only used his mouth and his hands, and he’d gotten good at sorting the violent ones from the repressed ones from the sad ones. Drunk ones were a risk – looser with the money and inhibitions, but if they had a limp dick then Dean gambled getting the blame for that.
Did his
about wall colours. Unfortunately, these opinions are not easily translated to Pantone.
Dean laughs and he can’t help it. He rests one knee on the bed and leans over to kiss Cas’s sleep-soft lips. His breath is warm and only a bit gross, and it’s easy to sink into. Easy to forget himself.
Dean reaches out to ruffle Cas’s hair further as he offers, “Coffee?”
He holds out his hand. “Yeah. Stay with me, Cas,” he says. “Stay with me tonight, at least.”
of that gives Dean the courage to step a little closer, until Cas is within reaching distance. Dean keeps his hands by his side for now though. “I thought you were choosing to sleep. Like, all angels could do it, but you’re the only one with the free will and desire to do so.”
He continues, “I am well-aware that human theory hasn’t caught up yet. Should we discuss every failing of mankind? We might be talking until your species actually does catch up.” He narrows his eyes. “I am not ‘half species’ of
“Very.”
“No, she is. But, you know. We both – I mean, Dean we both have a
“Well,” says Dean, without an end to the sentence at all. He, instead, finishes lamely, “If you insist, I guess.”
Whatever stalled him shifts, and Cas’s eyes turn blazing and sure. He bends down and presses a bruising kiss against Dean’s navel as he pulls apart Dean’s belt and buckle. He tugs away Dean’s jeans, and Dean shifts his hips to help. His reward is quickly delivered: Cas licks a sticky stripe along the bulge of Dean’s boxers, and Dean lets out a yelp at the sensation.
“Dean,” Cas mumbles, half into his pillow, with his arm outstretched. “Can you wait until the morning for your freak out?”
Cas slouches further into the couch, wipes a tear from the corner of his eye. “That seemed like it hurt you.”
“Anyway,” she begins, and then trails off into silence as they round one more bend and they take in the scene in front of them.
A quirk of a smile at the corner of Cas’s lips. “I suppose you’re not entirely wrong.”
“I do not have
Dean lets out a weak laugh. “I, uh- I’m actually already married to him,” he confesses. He allows himself this moment of honesty. “That should be a scarier step, right? Then just putting a ring on it.”
Dean shakes his head. “No, I’m the one who should be apologising. I would never – this is yours. All of this.” When he gestures, he hopes Cas understands it’s not just the apartment, or the bar below, but everything else they’ve built here. Cas’s hand curls in his shirt, and tags, and Dean follows, thumping his head onto Cas’s shoulder and half-returning the hold.
“It’s cold down there,” comes the affronted reply. “I need body heat.”
Or, worse: “I think the bedroom should be the colour of your soul when satiated, Dean. It would match the rug we got from the market.”)
it's finished. He hoists it up and carries it over to the allotment. He finds the space where the tomatoes were, central to most of the garden, and drives the spike deep into the ground.
Eileen’s voice calls from behind him, “Is that my favourite Winchester?”
“You have to promise not to leave. Okay? Not even – I mean, dude, we’re taking grocery shop trips together for the foreseeable future. If you have to go back to Heaven, you come back within the hour. Cas, you have to
“But she shouldn’t be! Cas, I left her
“Like a reception,” Eileen explains, in her best innocent expression. “A wedding reception. To celebrate your wedding.”
Rosanna scoffs. “You weren’t being supportive of her interior design career.”
your notes on Teddy’s operation.”
Dean fights to make sure his expression doesn’t give away the fast beat of his heart. His smile could be painted on. “Cas. Seriously. I drive her. I’ve just had the truck too. You’re being paranoid.”
He doesn’t know how to do this. Not when the words are heavy in his mouth and awkward on his tongue – not when he doesn’t know what the words even are.
happen, and it was that Cas was in the Empty. Cas was
Cas pulls a face. “You hit the Chamaedorea plant.”
, she said,
“Fuck,” curses Cas, in between hard kisses, like it’s sucker-punched from him, and Dean’s lips curl into a satisfied smile. Cas notices, and bites down on Dean’s bottom lip, tugging it as admonishment.
“Brass knife. I have one in the-”
, Dean lets Victor show him how to download the dating app onto his phone and set up a profile, gently ribbing him about his stupid answers to even stupider questions.
Cas is chatting about his recent woodcarving class to Sam, and he says, “Oh, that reminds me,” before he slides out of the booth and potters over to the bar to rummage behind it. Dean watches him go with an absent focus, sipping at his beer and his eyes floating over the new sweater Cas bought from the farmer’s market. It looks soft, rolled up Cas’ forearms, and the blue takes on a purple hue in the neon signs they’ve hung around.
Cas and Dean have worked out their own system of being able to play while still working. They stay at the bar and serve customers, handling the rush in between the rounds especially. Meanwhile, Jo and Sam sit at the bar with the sheet of paper to write the answers down.
And then he surges close and kisses Cas before he can say anything at all in reply.
Dean and Cas share a look – a hungry monster, then – and then Dean notices Cassie sharing a similar look with her partner. His glare returns.
“But-”
Dean was so sure he’d die by a blade or a bullet. He
“I agree,” says Dean, though it comes out tense. Yes, he agrees it is a very worthy way for Cas to use his time. Unfortunately, he still thinks the time spent in Dean’s bed is far more important, so, seems they’re at an impasse here.
He has to work quick. This is – fuck, he has to find Cas.
Dean swallows. Cas is right. Dean owes him this, at least: an explanation that makes some goddamn sense. “You’re right. It’s not about the label, or my- whatever flag I fly. It helps, sure.” The truth snakes from him as he realises it. “But if I wanted to, I could’ve worked it out earlier. I didn’t need Dr Sexy’s help for that.”
Cas is stone. “I could hardly forget.”
Dean lets him free just long enough to instruct, “Take off your clothes.”
Finally, his vision clears enough for him to realise – fuck, they’re back. He spins, rests onto his knees, and looks around for that fucking trench-coat.
“I didn’t like Daphne, either. When you were Emmanuel or whatever. She just – snatched you up, didn’t give anyone else a
Cas kisses him desperate and hard, pressing against him as if they could occupy the same space. Dean is helpless against the onslaught, just spreads his legs to make a stronger seat and grabs onto Cas’s thick thighs. He lets out a whimper as Cas bites into his bottom lip then sucks it better, as he slides a hand down the back of Dean’s t-shirt’s collar to touch as much skin as possible.
Cas pulls off from Dean’s cock, hand and stomach spattered with Dean’s cum, and he licks a drop from the pad of his thumb.
Cas blinks, once, twice, and then narrows his eyes at Dean. “You’re going to pay for that,” he warns.
She nods. “Yes.”
Dean twitches. He needs to escape like a visceral thing, like the room is lighting on fire around him. He rubs a hand over his jaw, and says to the opposite wall, “Don’t get clingy, Cas. I had to try out this bi thing with
Now the thought is there, the proof of Cas being hot enough to burn, he has to follow through. He pushes at the same time Cas pulls, and they knock against the couch as one. Cas doesn’t even blink, he falls back and tugs Dean until he’s sat on Cas’s lap.
Dean’s mouth is hanging open a little bit. “That is literally not possible, Cas. I only realised it about an hour and a half ago.”
Dean sucks on his gums, bobbing his head in a thought-filled nod, as he considers. “Yeah,” he says. “Fuck. Yeah, I want you to stay, Cas. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
Dick’s yelling increases, in volume and desperation.
“But you didn’t know I was coming back. You didn’t know if or when I would.”
Cas pinches the skin on Dean’s waist, and continues, “I was thinking about your Dr Sexy show, and Jack.”
The door is yanked open, away from Dean’s rapping fist, and Meera stands there looking a little murderous. “What?” she snaps. “You couldn’t text?”
“It’s Tuesday,” Sam replies. Dean doesn’t need to look at him to know he’s raising a bitchy eyebrow that Dean, actually, does not care for. “Seriously. First you cancel weekly dinners and don’t answer your phone, and then I come to find you like this?”
, and Dean’s going to throw up.
Dean feels like pulling his hair out. “But I
parts.”
He goes out in Baby and thinks,
Dean grits his teeth. He pointedly tries to open the locked passenger door, making the handle rattle. “Can we go? Seriously. You’re making a big deal out of nothing.”
get up to this past week?”
But then Dean hears Jack downstairs. He looks around, looks at the bedroom they sleep in every night, that they painted themselves. He shakes himself, and sneaks back outside with his prize.
It loads up, full volume on a full speaker, and Dean panics once again and grabs some earbuds to plug in. The house is empty, and their closest neighbour is three miles away. Dean still isn’t fucking risking it.
“Gosh,” Patricia thinks for a moment. “Going on fifteen years now. What about you two?”
“No way-”
“Didn’t you wonder about that?”
The ring - Cas’s, at least - is in his pocket. He’s gotten into the terrible habit of carrying it around, in case ‘the right moment’ arises. (It never has.)
Dean clears his throat. “Did you have a good time?”
Wasn’t that the whole point?
Dean wants him closer, and he tries to hitch his legs up higher, but he’s a forty-two year old with bad knees who spent the week on the couch, so he winces at the stretch of his hips. Cas notices, because he’s tuned in to Dean inside and out, now, and pauses in between one thrust and the next. “No, no, don’t stop,” demands Dean, hands squeezing around Cas’s arms.
Cas is looking up at him, no longer resting on his shoulder. The Dean Cave around them is lit only by the television’s screen and a nearby lamp. Cas flew in a couch from a Kentucky thrift store for them to cuddle on, rather than the solitary recliners of before. There’s a threadbare quilt over their laps, and Dean’s arm is slung behind Cas’s head. It’s quite possibly the comfiest he’s ever been.
Dean narrows his eyes. “We watched
It hits him, all of a sudden. That’s it! He had done
Sam holds out a fist bump for her and she matches it.
“Then,” Cas squints his eyes. “Why would I be jealous?”
Dean lets out a breath. “Right.” He starts to rub Cas’s arch, grinning as Cas closes his eyes in pleasure. Like a spoilt cat, sometimes. “You didn’t go to college, did you?”
“What?”
man. I have had fantasies about bending you over the hood of the Impala and I have wanted you in my mouth in every single motel room we’ve visited. I wanted you in the Bunker, in Heaven, and here, in our home. But I do not want you coerced, or tense, or anxious.” His fists are curled by his side, and his shoulders are a tight, mean line. His eyes are angry and shining. “I want you to want me too. Don’t you
“Do you want to go home?”
Charlie finally reads the spines of his dumped books. “
“Right,” says Dean. He blinks. “That – yeah, I can see how that’s confusing.”
That brings up Dean short, because he’s all of a sudden aware that he’s stood between his ex-girlfriend and his current boyfriend. He doesn’t want them even in the same sentence, never mind the same square feet, and his brain is about to steam out his ears if he doesn’t get control right this second.
Sam brings him a beer while he’s remembering that, slouching on the sand and watching the others play in the ocean. Eileen and Charlie are tossing a beach ball between them, and making Cas try (not very hard, from what he can see) to snatch it from them.
So they took over The Roadhouse together, and moved into the apartment above it.
“Well,” says Dean, gruff and awkward. He’s trying not to be his father, but old habits die hard. If you learn words through gritted teeth, then that’s just how you pronounce them. “I should have said it earlier. Now, come on, I know your dad will want to see you.”
Cas practically
He pushes forward, gets Cas’s earlobe between his teeth, and then breathes against it, “Come on, Castiel. Show me what you want. Tell me all the ways you’ve wanted me. ‘Cause you’re going to get them. Because I want them too.”
“Yeah, you did!” Dean says, trying not to snap. He fights to keep his voice even. “It’s fine. I’ll come with you, okay?”
“Right, so I don’t think I can really be out of practice! And I think Cas and I are probably a darn sight better equipped to handle this than Cassie and her gal pal partner!”
“And,” oh shit, Cas is winding up to something. “Travelling across the country in a car is more like our old lives than anything recent. If anything, this is more like work than-”
Dean’s jaw sets. “You’re being kind of a dick right now.”
The radio switches to a bulletin, some chirpy presenter who tells them that the weather in mid-Illinois is expected to remain around eighty degrees for the next week.
“We are happy, that’s my point. It’s like, finally, I have someone who
It's really important, he realises, to lay the law down now, because. He just. He's not ready for his little brother, or anyone, to call him gay. Yet. Because he obviously is, and he's coming to terms with that, but. Just - it's the morning after and it's been a
Dr. Sexy. Or, Gabriel (gross) dressed up as Dr Sexy. He was a bit flustered, sure. The show was a guilty pleasure of his. But that’s not…attraction. He flirts with women all the time, he knows the taste of that attraction, how it makes him cocky and charming and smirking. Even that year, he ended up with Lisa! Even if he
It’s, really, truly, about when they finally buy in a television, and Dean spends a whole afternoon setting it up, and they lounge back against the huge couch that seems to suck them both in. Dean can’t even turn on the TV, too tired from the day, and he just pulls Cas tight to his side. “What do you want to watch?”
“So dramatic,” but she still shuffles one out of the box and lights it for him.
Sam makes a derisive noise that Dean has the urge to punch out of him. He shakes himself, and his weird fucking mood. It’s just been a while since a patron flirted with him - he’s a bit unnerved, that’s all. The last time he brought a chick home was - well, he can’t remember, which is telling all by itself.
Benny looks off into the horizon, and says, as sly as anything, “Those few inches important in a husband? I’m just wondering.”
“Yep,” agrees Sam, sounding pleased about the fact.
Dean scoffs, and clenches down on Cas’s fingers. “I’ll show you beautiful,” he threatens, nonsensically, and that at least makes Cas hide a smile in his neck. He kicks his heel against Cas’s thigh to spur him on, and all Cas does is press a toothy kiss against his neck.
a cat.
“Okay,” says Cas, and he pushes up, knees on either side of Dean’s hips. His eyes roam over Dean like he’s trying to memorise him, blue eyes black with lust. “Take off your clothes.” He gets up and starts to rummage in the left-hand bedside table, the one unofficially claimed as his own. The instance he stands, Dean races to yank off his clothes. The lust simmering in his veins keeps him from overthinking it, and so he’s naked and sprawled by the time Cas turns back around with a tube of lube in his hand.
“You ever been to the beach?” Dean asks as they leave Kansas, the windows open and the air rushing through the truck’s cabin.
He overhears Sam and Eileen discussing their plans for the future, hushed and hopeful, and he thinks,
Sam watches him for long enough that Dean starts to fidget underneath his gaze. Eventually, Sam says, “Okay. Pass me a beer, will you? Let’s go watch the sun for a bit.”
“I bet,” says Dean, ignoring the spittle that lands on his cheek. “Tell you what - why don’t you have a lemonade and some water, and then we can revisit things?” He gestures behind his back, in a motion Cas hopefully translates to,
He shifts a little once seated before he realises how transparent his discomfort must be, along with the reason for it, and he forces himself to stop. He rests his forearms on the bar, and stares at the liquor shelves waiting for him. He glances over to the pool tables, but there are just college kids playing – he’d kill for a trucker to pick a fight with right now.
Doing what he does best, Dean shuts the door on the lightning rods. He locks them away. He reaches over to twist Cas’s gaze back on him with a cupped jaw and gentle tug. “Well,” says Dean, grinning. “Maybe if
“Remind me to have a sexuality crisis every day if that’s the reward, ‘kay?”
“My favourite heaven, my love,” Cas murmurs, “Is the heaven I am building for us. I have been threading it so carefully. It is the largest of all the heavens, although all are infinite. Perhaps large is the wrong word. It is – oh, Dean, it is going to be so kind to us. Our bed will be soft, and our sleep will be gentle. Our friends and family will be there – some, of course, are already waiting for us in their neighbouring paradises. You will have a kitchen and hearth, and an open road too should you wish it. There will be peace, should you desire it, or room to argue should you want that too. There is warmth instead of shame, and time instead of regret. You will still be you, as I will be myself too. There is still your free will – but without the burden of mortality to dampen or worry it. I’ve built our house already, but if you want to tear it down and start again, there’s a demolition vehicle waiting for you. I’ve used tiles from Morocco and paint from Mongolia, from various points in human history. There is farmland stretching out in the backyard, but an ocean if we were to wish it closer. There is sunshine, and there are bright stars each night, and there is snow for when you want to shovel it from our porch. Dean, I don’t think I can really describe it.”
The largest lump of good shudders at the sound and begins to shift.
And then he’s cut off by a lapful of Cas.
“Um. No. I didn’t.” Dean’s starting to feel a little embarrassed, and a little pathetic too. He casts his gaze away. “I wasn’t – you know, I wasn’t getting it ready for when you came back. It was just- you know.”
The kid watches him for a long moment, searching across his face. Whatever he sees clearly doesn’t convince him, because he says, “You’re not a cop? This is entrapment if you are. And you have to tell me if you are.”
He slings an arm over Jack’s shoulder and walks them to where the pick-up truck and Impala lie parked. He shuffles them to the truck, though he doesn’t miss Jack’s longing look towards Baby. And he drives them both to Home Depot.
She squints at them.
. You’re like Don Juan over here. All smooth and – and
. We fought so bad I think I got a black eye and you were limping a little afterwards. And you go off in one of Bobby’s cars to get some air, and I’m fuming in the kitchen with some frozen peas on my eye. And Bobby comes in, and he just says, as he’s passing through, “You shouldn’t say that to your brother.” At the time, I thought he was just – you know, telling me not to be homophobic. Maybe he was, I don’t know.” Sam shrugs. “But since Cas died, and I started thinking differently…I don’t know. It stuck out. We never said anything more about it, but.”
(Maybe it’s the four beers he’s had so far, but he’s introducing his angelic boyfriend to his co-workers and it’s going
Dean can’t help it. He laughs. Maybe a little hysterical, mostly. “Fuck, dude. C’mere, help me up.”
,” he says. “We just didn’t throw a fucking parade.”
Dean lets out a wet chuckle. “You’re biased.”
Dean freezes. He – he didn’t mean that. That came out wrong. That’s – he’s not – nausea curdles in his stomach.
“Is this real?” Dean demands, and his gun doesn’t waver. “Is it really you?”
Dean’s fingers flex around the wheel as he agrees, “No, it didn’t.”
Cas does indeed look over, and his eyes widen. He sits up, gratifyingly, and fists his hands on top of his sheet-covered thighs. “Dean,” he croaks.
He’s pouring out two mugs when Sam saunters in, freshly showered and unfortunately still a morning person. They both freeze at the sight of each other, and the guilty evidence of two mugs.
“It’s okay,” Cas says, shifting onto his side so he can curl lower on the bed. He tucks his hand under the uninjured side of his head. “It makes it all the more meaningful when you do apologise.”
Meera rolls her eyes and walks closer to inspect the body. “Yeah, yeah. You got lucky – we found the nest. It was probably just drawn to your flat feet.”
“I have,” Cas replies, low and greedy. “But – you presented yourself to me. You’ve tempted me deliberately. You accepted my claim on you. You’re
Cas tilts his head. “Which part?”
There’s a shift by his foot. Dean freezes, locks up even tighter, as there comes a small, padding weight, climbing onto his knee, and travelling up the line of his body. He closes his eyes and presses his face into the pillow to hide it.
“I can if I want to,” says Cas. He smiles, and reaches up, and wipes away tears that have mysteriously appeared on Dean’s cheek. “And I do want to. I would love to hold you, if you want me to?”
(“You keep doing that,” Cas will say later, crossly, like it’s a totally unreasonable reaction when faced with an unfamiliar and ethereal creature, like
Which, true. Definitely true. Dean swallows back his panic and keeps an easy smile on his face. He says, “I sure do.”
Meera, with her dark lipstick smudged and her tank top hanging off her shoulder. Behind her, in the shadows of the motel room, Cassie, back to them both as she pulls her shirt back on over her shoulders.
Later that night, when the group tires and Cas drives them home and Dean closes up the bar, he waits upstairs for Cas to return.
They sit in silence for a moment, as the hotline number is read out.
Later, when Cas is in bed playing Candy Crush, and Dean is brushing his teeth in the bathroom, his brain gets stuck on the thought. Not just Cas dressed up in the full cowboy regalia (which,
Dean leans back just enough to look Cas in the eye, to reach and caress the side of his face. He nods. “Yeah, I’m sure. I want you.”
(Sometimes, when Dean wakes up too hot or to the echoes of motel-muffled-screams or- or
Dean chokes on it. “I’m a mechanic.”
There’s a beat, and then Cas laughs. A rare sound, but Dean finds himself watching it, cracking out his own grin.
Dean’s plan works perfectly – as he showers, with the curtain drawn and his back turned, Cas proves he’s still waiting for him by proceeding to bitch solidly about listing every single body part and organ a cat has, that Cas does not.
He can’t imagine Sam siding with him on that one, really.
“No!” The original brunette proves it by clicking her fingers and a pink spark emits from them. Dean scoffs at the bad FX, like real magic looks anything like that. The character lets out a sigh, and say, “Between Derek and I, I mean. The romance has just…fizzled out. I mean, we’ve only been dating a few months. But we’re not even having sex that often anymore.”
Cas looks at him with warm eyes, and says, “Yeah, Dean. That was perfect. You're wonderful.”
“I never asked that!
“Is this about the rings?” Dean’s sentence dies in his throat. Cas looks at his hand and continues. “I like them. I think you chose a beautiful design for both of us. And I noticed you’re wearing your own.”
you don’t even
She pinches him and makes him yelp. “Not
He only uses the internet for his Spotify account and to argue with Facebook about local county council politics. He knows gay people - Charlie, Claire, Corbett - but they’ve been
Charlie makes a noise of agreement and comes to sit beside him.
“I know,” says Dean, because he does. “But still. You – you probably saved my whole life, Jack. You have made me
“No. But-”
“And we’d make it safer. We’ll check the basement and the land, and we’ll paint all the sigils we need under the wallpaper we’ll put up. Hell, we could lay totally fresh brick infused with some of Sam’s spell work and Jack’s blessings. We need a room for the kid to visit anyway, so-”
“He will be,” she promises, half-threat.
Sam snaps back, “Dean, what did you
“It’s one artefact, Dean. Four hunters on the task are overkill. And someone needs to look after Miracle. And, like I said, you have a new job you’ve committed to.”
, he thinks, violent in the cell of his own head. Not if they were both gay this whole time.
This is where Cas falters, and he looks to Dean. Dean groans. “It - it just never came up,” he says, aware of what a shitty defence it is. But really, it’s the truth. They didn’t want to make a big deal - Dean was terrified it might jinx the deportation agents to their door - and honestly, he didn’t know how to work it into conversation. He does what he does best and goes on the attack. “I knew you’d all react like this!”
“Dean-” Cas begins, and Dean can’t hear it, he
Cas says something on a gasp that could be Dean’s name or a wholly different plea, but either way Dean silences it with a tugging bite to Cas’s bottom lip. He grinds them together, grasping at Cas to try and silence his own fucking head. He slicks their tongues together with bruising kisses, hot and frantic.
(He catches himself, on one such trip, staring up at an array of drill bits, and thinking – wishing – he had Bobby here to teach him this stuff. He spent summers helping on the cars of the scrapheap, and occasionally Bobby would get him to help around the house. But the memories are hazy, lost to the thirty years since, and now Dean has to rely on paid strangers and YouTube videos. Which – it’s fine, he can cope, but for that moment, he’s allowed to wish. To remember.)
“I still don’t really understand it myself,” says Cas, who sits on the table neatly, like an Egyptian statue of a cat. “I was in the Empty, and I was – asleep, or near to it. I think I was dead. The most dead I’ve been yet, I think.”
He awkwardly shimmies his sweatpants down just enough to give him some slack and pulls out his cock. He fondles himself for a moment, just a loose and dry grip around the shaft, and then uses his other hand to scoop out two fingers’ worth of the hand cream Cas keeps by his side of the bed. (It’s from the farmers’ market, and it’s
Cas, for his part, trails his free palm alongside Dean’s cheek. “Dean,” he tries again, low and gravel deep. “I expect nothing from you. You understand that, don’t you? That wasn’t the point of my confession.”
Dean grins. “What do you think?”
Dean says, because otherwise he never will, “I’m
Dean – Dean doesn’t understand.
“Yeah.” Dean stares at his feet. “That.”
“And,” Dean swallows, and asks anyway, “And did you ever know – about me?”
Cas stares at him. In the dim light, his eyes are very dark. “No,” he says, eventually. “But I told her I made it for you.”
“I was going to ask if you wanted anything from the store.” Dean has faced down Heaven and Hell and worse, and he’s a coward. He’d punch God again, right now, instead. “We’re out of-”
Once he’s up there, he decides to get comfortable. He takes off his robe and his t-shirt, and he sits on top of the covers.  He wipes off weirdly clammy hands on his sweatpants, and reloads the website, perching the computer on his knees to give him a little room.
This is so unsexy: it’s a good thing that Dean did this by himself.
No one replies to him, and he’s sure there’s a triumvirate of concerned, ‘what the fuck is wrong with Dean?’ expressions, so he picks up the whisk and gets back to it. The others must take the hint, because Cas asks how the hunt went, and Sam starts regaling him with a detail a ghoul hunt doesn’t quite deserve.
There’s quiet for a moment, and then Cas says, “What if the Empty does come for me, though? I don’t think the deal is broken, Dean. Not fully.”
Cas swallows: his Adam’s apple bobs. “You’re sure?”
is the bastard here.
“I didn’t
Dean feels like someone just chucked a bucket of freezing water over him. His hands are still trembling, twitching for the angel they previously had a hold of. “What the fuck,” he says, voice rasping.
“I love you,” says Dean instead, and he threads his hand through Cas’s hair whilst his other reaches round to grab at Cas’s ass and pull him forward.
“Well, you know what?” Dean jabs his finger in Cas’s direction. “I still can’t believe you did it. I can’t believe you would do that to me.”
, Sam, I do not
All that is to say - Dean never thought anyone would find out.
“Of course you can.” Dean kisses that patch of neck again, and Cas turns in his hold, casting the gloves aside, and just
we do that over and over again, because it’s the same reason you did it!” Dean replies, hotly. “It’s – it’s worse to be the one left behind. You know it is. I know I started it – I made that demon deal, fucking thirteen years ago. And then you – from the moment you laid a hand – that’s how it all started. My sacrifice was selfish then, and it’s selfish now, and we’re not doing it anymore! No-one’s being left behind, because no-one is leaving, and that’s
Dean stops drinking.
content available – the movies and series and even the live-action films. (Cas still empathises with Scrappy and won’t let Dean make fun of him for it.)
Sam glances over speculatively. “Your, uh, lack of labels?”
“Sort of,” she says, shrugging with the admission. “It’s gotten easier since that whole God-being-defeated thing – thanks for that, by the way.”
Eventually, the stall owner says tentatively, “Can I help?”
, Dean realises a second too late. It’s three colours, horizontal stripes of pink, then purple, then dark blue. Dr Sexy spreads the flag out wide. “I want this to be an inclusive hospital,” he announces. “I hope that by sharing my truth with you all, I can inspire people of all sexualities to feel comfortable and safe here.”
Dean winces as he comes to stand beside him. “I know it’s not-”
Sam shrugs. “We’ve had those before. Literal Hell couldn’t keep us apart – I don’t think Kansas traffic is going to do the job.”
Dean throws a cushion pillow at her. “Don’t say
rings in his ears like tinnitus.
But she continues, “It was so special. It was like I was the only source of light in the room. Like I was sexy and cherished and protected. You could be an ass, and sometimes I wanted to strangle you. But – but your love is special. It’s so wonderful to receive. And that wasn’t even comparable to what you two have. You and I were kids, young and making mistakes all over the shop.”
“Oof,” says Dean, half-heartedly, but he wraps his arms around Cas anyway.
“I’m not
That’s all that matters. That’s worth it all. Everything they’ve been through to get here, and all of Dean’s internal flummoxing. He can put aside his angst for the sake of this. He can.
Sam and Eileen are walking down the hall, with Sam holding their overnight bag and Eileen holding their shotguns, just as Dean rounds the corner. The couple’s expressions are almost in sync, a combination of wariness and hope that Dean doesn’t have the energy to analyse.
It’s a kid waiting there for him.
But…they haven’t had sex yet.
Cas’s voice is light. Dean suspects he is hiding a smile, but he doesn’t look up to check. “I don’t think that will happen, Dean. I survived the explosion of Mount Vesuvius and housed Lucifer in my body. I do not think a man with scissor-hands and a striped sweater could disarm me.”
There’s a small smile pulling at Cas’s lips, and he darts over to kiss Dean, too fast for Dean to sink into like he wants to, and then he’s striding towards the door. “Come on,” says Cas. “The sooner we solve this, the sooner we can get to the beach, and you can wear the swimming trunks I packed for you.”
She looks up, dark curls pulled out of her face by neat clips, big brown eyes startled, and full lips open in surprise. It’s her. Fuck his entire life, it’s really her.
She signs an apology at him, in between wiping her tears of mirth away. She finally straightens – laughs again at his grumpy expression – and then says, “You’re too easy.”
Cas forcibly shoves at his shoulders so Dean falls back on his heels, and then twists away from the counter, away from
Dean swallows. “I don’t know either, buddy.”
Cas comes to sit slowly next to Dean’s previous seat at the war room table. (In retrospect – not the stealthiest of locations for Dean to choose.) He has his own coffee, and he’s wearing Dean’s dead-guy robe, stretching the shoulders out. Dean refuses to be distracted by the sight. He seems to choose his words carefully. “It looks like you were looking at a house. I assumed it was for a case – but your reaction seems like it’s not.”
And then he spins on his heel and marches out of the kitchen and upstairs. After a moment, Dean hears their bedroom door slam shut.
It’s Cas’s turn to look hard-done-by, as he says, “It was, admittedly, very confusing. But you know time isn’t linear for me. And it’s not like I knew what love was at that point.”
“When by all accounts you haven’t left Cas’s side-”
“You looked after my garden in my absence,” Cas says, sounding almost reverent. He turns slowly, and fuck, he looks reverent too.
“Also,” Dean says, because he may as well go for broke. “If it’s relevant to your decision: I love you. Like, stupidly.”
Dean ignores whatever look Sam is sending his way. He feels like he’s been outed – or his
So, that confirms it, right? He’s gay.
“Gross, Sammy.”
“Right,” agrees Dean, weakly. His hands do not move. Aforementioned penis has not learnt its lesson from this morning, because it makes a valiant effort to swell up again. His perineum and pubic bone also seem interested in being acknowledged, so, cool, great, fucking dandy.
Dean protests with a “Hey!” and his mouth still full of sandwich.
He gives her a weak smile and an even weaker thumb up.
Dean shakes his head. “Fuck, I hope to God Dad didn’t know.”
Dean hunches a little, biting into his sandwich and saying, mouth full, “Who told you?”
Here’s the thing. He – he knows how he feels about Cas. He knows the strength of it, and the perseverance of it. His love for Cas is like Dean himself, really; battered and reborn and fucking annoying most of the time. But it’s like Cas, too; powerful and sincere and unrelenting. It’s kind, and it could be kind to both of them. He hopes so, anyway.
“Sure,” nods Dean. “That makes sense.”
“We don’t have to go,” says Cas, quietly.
They end up sitting in the garden for a while, on a patch of dirt Cas is yet to utilise. (Dean resolves to add ‘bench-building’ to his project list.) The sun starts to set, and Cas leans his head on Dean’s shoulder.
But – Dean can’t – it’s about the
Dean is fully aware that he has gone too far. Really, with every vicious word out of his mouth, he kind of wishes he could pluck it out of the air and stuff it back down where all his most rotten thoughts come from.
“You don’t just ‘come to visit’, especially-”
Eventually, past the afternoon and into the evening, shared stories and jokes and memories, Eileen comes crashing in and dives at Cas, pulling him into a tight hug. It takes him a moment of surprise before he returns it.
He’s so close, strung tight, and Cas is breathing hot against his ear, tongue occasionally darting out to lick across the lobe, random and unplanned, like he can’t help it, and Dean’s eyes are blurring, and Cas’s hand is rough-soft-warm-
“Right,” says Sam. “Very Biblical. And, uh, bureaucratic.”
He found a way to tie Cas to Dean himself.
And here’s the moment Dean will take to his deathbed unshared - Cas cupped his jaw with one hand and said in the kindest voice Dean ever heard, “It’s okay for you to be selfish this time, Dean.”
Cas looks like he is reconsidering everything that led him here – well, you and Dean both, buddy. His squint intensifies. “What is there to be jealous of? You loved her previously and you love me now. I understand humans can love multiple people romantically over their life. That’s all there is to it.”
expect something from me,” replies Dean, staring determinedly at the fourth button down of Cas’s white shirt. He starts to plan his strategy. He can – he can touch a dick. It’ll be just like touching his own. He liked kissing Cas – they can do more of that. He let men come on his face or in his mouth or in his hand for some cash; he can do it again. It’ll be fine.
“I don’t need instructions,” replies Dean, picking up what seems to be a plank of wood. “I have an affinity for this.”
, oh my god.”
Actually, Dean could have lived his whole life without seeing the decorations. When he catches sight of them, as soon as he steps into the living room, he promptly wants to go home.
“Oh fuck
“You don’t mean that,” she says, calling him out easily. “They love you. I presume you love them too.”
“Dean?”
sensitive,” he grumbles in reply, but all she does is laugh at him again. On the one hand, he’s glad she seems to be warming up to him a bit – on the other, he does kind of wish it wasn’t at his own expense.
Dean’s mouth falls open, and he splutters for a moment before saying, “What do you mean you don’t care? Why the hell did I marry you, then?”
“So now souls, angels and demons, have the opportunity to go to purgatory to earn another turn as a human.” Jack smiles.
,” she reads aloud from one, and then, “
His brain is spinning. He gets like this sometimes, and it’s pathetic. Like a cog, stuck on the same notch, jolting and trying again and just sticking again. He knows he loves Cas; he
Finally, Dean takes mercy on him and uses his own fingers to unbutton Cas’s cuffs, his shirt, and pushes it away to reveal smooth skin. Cas has hair growing across his chest, dark and soft and unmistakeable masculine. Dean’s palm flattens against him, stroking over him and passing over the nubs of his nipples. At the small shudder that elicits, he grins, thumbs over the skin and then leans forward to lick a broad path against one. Cas gasps and his hand scrapes through Dean’s hair, not quite holding him in place, though Dean would probably like him to.
“My stupid job doesn’t matter as much as Claire!”
Oh. He remembers now.
Dean’s hand works faster.
“Bobby did his damned best, Sam.”
Many moments later, Cas’s eyes flutter awake. He squints up at Dean and makes a small noise of a question.
Sam pauses for a breath, and then says, in a more neutral tone, “I should have. I wasn’t deliberately keeping it a secret, I swear. It just didn’t come up, and it seems like you never wanted to hear about hunter stuff anyway these days. And, fine, it was easier
He takes a moment, lets his heartrate accommodate. He breathes in, deep to the bottom of his lungs, and back out. His fingers wrap around the wheel.
Dean’s hands spasm as if throttling his baby brother’s neck. “Please, for the love of god, shut up.”
Cas’s eyes are shining. “You are a cruel man to love, sometimes.”
But that’s not the whole picture, just a sharp snapshot fuelled by old issues. Now, Dean can relax back into the sand, swig from his beer, and say, “Yeah, me too.”
Dean sneaks back into the house through the back, and upstairs for the pièce de resistance, crouching low on his toes to slip into their bedroom. He can hear Cas downstairs, happily asking Jack how he is, what he’s been up to, is he okay – the usual. Meanwhile, Dean rifles through the closet, to the back, until he finds exactly what he’s looking for.
“I- it’s been a
Cas breaks away first but doesn’t go far. He knocks their foreheads gently together. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Dean swallows. “Right. Well, the first anniversary is paper.” He points to the wad of printer paper, promising great ink and photocopy results. “And the second anniversary is cotton.” There’s a cheap t-shirt that reads the logo of the gas station, in a size too small to fit either of them.
Dean nods. “Yeah. Okay, I get it.”
The thing is: it’s not like Dean seriously believes that if he drives Baby again, Cas will poof from existence. Not really.
He can’t explain it because he genuinely did not think about it. It came naturally to him – of course he was going to look after Cas’s garden.
“You’re a lesbian?” he says, inelegantly. “But - you hooked up with Sam. You dated, like, three men at once last summer.”
. He just assumed – really, he knows everything else about Dean, how can he not know this?
Dean scoffs, mean and bitter. It comes out of him like poison. “Did you read that on the internet? In one of your self-help books? We don’t need time apart, Cas! We need to just – stay here. Okay? Whatever you’re mad about, I can fix.”
“If you hurt yourself, I will leave,” Cas vows. “I will never speak to you again, even in Heaven. I know of no other way to – to
“You shouldn’t,” agrees Cas testily.
“Fine,” says Eileen, though she still looks like she won something. “When?”
She shows him around the garage, gives him the chance to get stuck into an engine and show her what he’s got. He gets oil up to his elbows and nearly pulls his shoulder out, but half an hour later it’s purring again. She gives him a rag to wash up on, and says, “You start on Monday, two months’ probation. And just to make it clear – we don’t overcharge our customers here. It’s a small community, and word of mouth travels fast. And you have to come for drinks with on Friday in a few weeks to celebrate your first month – bring your girlfriend if you have one.”
Dean’s answering smile has a mind of its own as it stretches his cheeks. “Awesome,” he says. “I’ll call the realtor and we’ll put an offer in.”
For the most part, drunks love Cas. He’s friendly, and always happy to have an inane conversation or listen to drunken imaginings, and he always knows how to water them down gently. But for some reason, his usual charm isn’t working. He’s saying something Dean can’t hear over the stereo, and then the drunkard is reaching forward to grab at Cas’ shirt.
sure the timelines don’t match up – unless –
“A little heads up would’ve been nice!”
Dean tries to think – no westerns or documentaries, because the least he can do is try to find something they’ll both like.
He steps backward, tugs the strange static with him, and desperately wishes for Cas to be safe. To be home, with Dean, safe and tucked away and soft. Dean wants to hold him in their bed, on the sofa, wherever Cas will let him. He wants his hands tight around him, so he can never leave again.
“My name is Agent Plant,” he has to speak fast before she decides to take the smart route and hang up the phone. “Your friend Katie gave me your number – I just want to ask you some questions about one of your recent clients. I swear there’s no judgement here about your profession.”
He starts up the coffee machine and watches it bubble.
The big guy slips on a condom, and then smacks Ryan’s ass, and then just – pushes in. Ryan lets out a gasp, not quite pained and not quite pleasure, and moans, “You’re so
Also, he came on his boyfriend’s chest less than an hour ago so, you know, he’s in a pretty good mood.
“You’re just saying that because you wouldn’t know how to use it,” Victor fires back. “You bought an iPod or a new car yet?”
Sam lets the tension go first, in a slouch and an exhale. “Dean. Seriously, man. What gives? I thought you two were finally happy together.”
“I helped Sam build a bookshelf,” says Dean. He steps a little closer, towards the living space, and says, “He, uh, said I can be overbearing sometimes.”
“I’m not freaking out,” lies Dean, and fuck, Cas knows him too well, because his eyes cracks open in suspicion.
“Awesome,” says Cassie, and bounds after him before Meera can grab her. She throws a thumbs up in their direction. “See y’all on the other side!”
(“Also,” says Dean. “I
Dean swallows. “Kissing you, and- and doing what we did earlier. It was like I’d been hit over the head, and I freaked out. But - We’ve already been building a life together. I think you knew that, ‘cause you’ve always been less dense than me." He holds his palms out. "But I’m here now, hoping you’ll forgive me for taking so long to realise it myself.”
It suddenly feels very important.
Dean knows only odd things about Cas.
(They do, indeed, make out in the cargo bed, and so they also miss most of
Cas stares at him and then looks back at the coffee table. He wanders over and puts down the plant with his sad friends. He reaches for the t-shirt. He finds the tag, letting it rest on two fingertips. “We used to sell these-”
His laptop is still open, and he quickly types in an old favourite porn site, one he hasn’t touched in a couple years (having an omnipotent God watching and controlling your every move tends to put a downer on masturbation – who’d have thought?).
“So,” she says, in her dumb accent. “I take it the festivities weren’t your idea?”
Dean reaches for his laptop, curving his torso carefully over Miracle to make sure he doesn’t disturb her. She yawns anyway, and curls back to sleep. He opens up the computer and googles,
“There we go,” Cas says, satisfied. He moves to roll away, but Dean’s hands grip around him to hold him there, pull him lower until his weight covers Dean bodily.
me,” Dean says, and he digs his hands into Cas’s ribs to make him squirm. “Like you’re even paying any attention to me when there’s the good captain’s boob window on screen!”
Dean lets that sit for a moment, before he shrugs, and jokes, “Well, there’s probably some things in your marriage that might not be applicable for me and Cas.” At Sam’s blank look, Dean makes a crude gesture involving a pointed finger and the other hand curling to make an ‘o’.
Sam presses his lips together very tight. Eventually, he says, croaky like he’s trying very hard not to laugh, “
Cas makes a disgruntled sound and pushes away. He slides out of their bed, and says, “I’m going to the bathroom.”
“I told you not to climb that fucking tree.”
“You have friends with a certain sense of humour.”
“Exactly!”
So, yeah, it’s like on TV. Thinking back retroactively and putting all the pieces together. Rewinding, but not. Flashback scenes, muted grey or slowed down for dramatic effect. Dean thinks of all the times he was angry and reframes it around jealousy. All the loss and converts it into love. They have a history together, and Dean’s still re-watching it.
Still wearing the trench-coat, his tie crooked and shirt wrinkle, Cas sprawls across Baby’s seat with a hand wrapped around his cock, emerging from his dark navy slacks. Dean leans forward and holds himself over Cas with his palms gripping on Cas’s thighs.
“Winchester!”
“Yeah, the size of the Chrysler building, I remember. No need to brag.”
He swills around the glass. It’s just – he was settled into the norm. Coming out was already his year’s allotted excitement. He doesn’t have the energy for more change.
Then his pillow moves with snuffled snore, and it all comes rushing back. Dean pushes himself up to find his arm wrapped over Cas’s chest, his head resting on the angels’ collarbone. Cas, true to his word last night, is asleep, lips open and inviting.
Dean stretches up to suck a mark on Cas’s collarbone, gripping the skin between his teeth and being mean about it, wanting to mark him proper. With his spare hands, he grabs at Cas’s belt buckle and starts to pull it apart. He pulls Cas’s fly down, his knuckles passing over the bulge underneath, hard flesh underneath soft boxers. Dean’s mouth goes dry at the thought, and he loses all sense of carefulness as he shoves Cas’s pants down to his ankles. Cas steps out of them as Dean’s mouth pops off his skin, and Dean gets to just take in the view.
– but also, Daphne!
They paint and install various warding sigils across the entire house, which Sam, Eileen and Jack come over to help with. Jack even adds a special flavour of
There’s no answer, and Dean looks over to see an expression of absolute
The bookshelf turns out to be in their living room, because, as Sam sheepishly explains, he bought too many books to fit on the existing one. Dean rolls his eyes at that, even as he shucks off his jacket and throws it on the couch. “Alright,” he says, putting a layabout screwdriver behind his ear. “Let’s do this.”
He waits until Cas is in the garden that evening and scuttles to the bathroom. He drops his jeans to his knees, pushes his boxers down as well, and eyes up the KY Jelly. He can – he can do this. Better to do it now, so if Cas just pushes in like that actor, Dean will be ready. Dean has to make this good for Cas, and this way, he can make sure it’s all under control. This bit won’t be fun anyway, so there’s no pressure for him to perform and pretend he’s enjoying it; he knows Cas and Cas might stop, and then Dean might not man up enough to try again.
Sam spins around, mango chunks forgotten, and stares for a moment. Then that stupid grin returns. "Awesome," he says, like he really means it. "Dude, seriously. I'm happy for you both. I'm happy for you."
There isn’t a somewhere-in-between-and-both option. He needs to choose – straight or gay. Men or women. And he’s choosing Cas. Now and for the rest of their stupid lives. And Cas is a man. Dean is also a man, so therefore, he is gay. End of fucking discussion.
,” Sam says, somewhere between pained and frustrated.
The beginning shred of
They need a change of scenery, Dean decides.
Dean puts his head in his hands.
“You like me stubborn,” Dean mumbles back.
Dean considers picking a fight. He could. It would be easy, he’d bet. Could pretend Cas was embarrassing him in front of his co-workers, or demand to go home, or whatever. Instead, he reaches out and grabs Cas’s shirt, balls the fabric taut in his fist, and yanks him to him. He opens his eyes only enough to get his bearings as he slams Cas into himself, kisses him open-mouthed and desperate.
. Not even the pounding of his own blood in his ears.
me behind in the hospital cave-in last week, and I
Cas puts to use the entire lexicon of every language ever created throughout the ages and replies, “Hng.”
The actors switch positions, and then again, and then the larger guy finishes, comes all over Ryan’s ass, and then Ryan comes over himself at apparently the sensation of someone else’s cum on him.
His brother picks up on the third ring.
“That’s not the point-” starts Dean, aware in a far-off way that he’s being ridiculous. Absolutely, two hunters are enough for one rakshasa. One hunter probably is, if they’re being really honest. But, like he says, that’s not the damn point.
“I will,” Dean vows, hard right back. “I’ll get a kitchen knife and push it right into my chest. I’ll drive the Impala into the side of the bunker. I’ll-”
Dean lets out a sigh. “I didn’t plan for that, really. And I still have a probationary period. I could still fuck it all up.”
“Dean?” she asks, in just as much surprise.
But then Dean catches sight of mushed tomatoes and the still-flung-back netting, and he gets an idea. “Yeah, okay,” he says nonsensically. “It’s a Terry O’Quinn kind of day, huh? I’ve got an idea how we can spend it.”
“Cas,” warns Dean. He curls his arm around Cas’s shoulders to stop him from squirming away. “What’s going on?”
“Well,” she replies, after a moment where Springsteen croons from the stereo. “Do you think it's fixable?”
Cas looks back to the mirror – Dean can’t decide whether he’s just avoiding Dean’s eye, or whether he’s searching for something there. Regardless, Dean steps behind him to help as to both options, and their gaze meets in the reflection. Cas lets out a deep breath.
Just one of the things Dean likes about Benny, unlike his other friends, is that there’s never an expectation to talk about
There’s a guilty beat behind Dean’s eyes, marching to a dull and defeated tune. He sees visions of Sam’s anger, of his disappointment, of his tears. On Dean’s heart, there’s a tattooed instruction that reads,
Dean frowns. “What, you think he’d enjoy it? I don’t know, Cas. He’s a Riverdale fan, sure, but they’re pretty different shows.”
“I’ll take it easy a little longer,” says Cas. “But you need to stop smothering me. I feel fine.”
The kid narrows his eyes. “You’d know that if you were a cop.”
(It doesn’t feel cool.)
He mumbles something, and Sam cups his hand around his ear obnoxiously. “What was that?”
Blue eyes, deep-set into a broad square face. Tan and stubble and dark hair raked through. Stupid beige trench coat and turned around cobalt tie.
He opens his eyes, and what he sees threatens to carve a chunk out of him. Cas, open and yearning, big blue eyes turned dark and hooded. Cas says, “Yes. Please.”
How would he explain he has a husband waiting for him to get home?
,” she says around a knowing grin. “I’d worry more about what other comparisons they’re discussing right now.”
There’s an obligatory greeting chorus of responding, ‘Doctor.’
“You – some time in Heaven?” Dean is shaking, all over, from anger and pain and something else. “How long?”
. He’s on his knees and he was enjoying having a dick in his mouth, and he’s everything his Dad would have hated, and he’s gay so why can’t he just be that? He’s a slutty cocksucker, and that’s the goddamn truth, and Cas won’t even let him have
They wear their original rings throughout – but for the ceremony, they exchange ones of iron, too, for their sixth wedding anniversary.
Home Depot - maybe more than Dean does. They spend about twenty minutes watching the paint mixer machine and placing bets on what colour the paint will be. They go around the greenhouse round back and buy a solar-powered outdoor lamp shaped like a ladybug for Cas’s garden. They wander the aisles picking up the components they need: twine, 2x4’s, straw. They buy some workmen’s gloves, and then stop by the nearby thrift store to pick up a large plaid shirt, old jeans, a white pillowcase and a Stetson hat with a patterned rim. On the way back, they stop for lunch too at a local diner where the waitresses know Dean and Cas both by name.
There are accidents, and errors, and arguments, of course. One time Dean drops a hammer on his foot and breaks the bones, and on another occasion almost falls back onto a protruding nail that threatens to spear his lungs. On both occasions, Cas is there with a healing blast of grace or a stern word about Dean’s sense of self-preservation (or both).
when they get home. But then again – Dean’s looking around, and his new colleagues are laughing, and people always miss this about Cas. They see his steady expression and hear his deep voice and they don’t get him. They don’t get that he’s grumpy and mean, and vindictive, and he has a sense of humour that’s so goddamn easy to miss. He’s all
Sam still looks blank. Carefully, he says, “…So you and Cas…don’t?”
Rows of bean stalks and potato sprouts and tomato plants. Herbs, most of which Dean can’t recognise without bending down close to inhale their scent. Flowers, too – petunias and posies, French and English lavender, roses and daffodils – as well as weeds. Those, in particular, make Dean catch his breath in fondness, looking at dandelions and dock leaves and nettle spread in the spaces between carved out soil.
“Good point,” replies Dean, happily. “Good luck running from me with those little cat legs.”
“Too late,” says Dean. “What are you, looking for college girls? You’re too old to be on an app.”
Cas squints. “Good for you,” he says, which really wasn’t the level of support Dean was hoping for. Then he pulls a face, and amends, a little more carefully, “I’m honoured you have told me. But – I’m sorry, Dean, but this doesn’t change anything between us.”
“Cas,” Dean sobs, ramping up higher and higher with each searing thrust. “Please, please,” and he’s not even sure what he’s pleading for. He’s drooling against the mattress, a trail of saliva connecting his swollen lips to the mattress. His balls are tight and aching, and he’s so,
Dean spins back to her, helpless not to. He’s not sure he can bear to hear an adjective right now, a ‘dangerous’ or ‘scary’ or ‘clingy’. He’s already an exposed wound, and Cassie has the potential to pour painful salt in.
Dean stares down and starts putting the wooden side back up to the shelf piece. He admits to the wood, “I just want to make sure he recovers okay.”
happy. And I’m proud of you, too. Everything you’ve done and are still doing. You’ve done so much good, kid.”
It’s 10pm according to the Impala’s clock. He drives out of town, for an hour where his fingers drum on the wheel and his skin itches. He can still smell the sweat-stick-must of sex, and when he parks outside a bar he doesn’t recognise, he pulls out cheap deodorant from the glove compartment to spray over himself.
“You can have this, Cas,” Dean says lowly, just for them and the inches of air between them. “You can have me.”
Dean lets out a heavy breath, tries to clear his whole body from the lungs first. “I am sorry,” he says. “I should’ve worked some of this stuff out before I kissed you. But come on, you just came back, and I thought you were dead forever. I tried to get you back and I
“Dean,” replies Cas, sounded exasperated at Dean’s temple. “I am already ‘stuck with you’ and I have no wish to leave. I find the, ah, stickiness of the situation very pleasant.”
Something flickers across Cas’s expression, too quick to recognise, and then he’s stone again. “I did,” he says. “But that was a promise made without all the right information.”
Dean nods, and says wisely, “Redheads group together.”
Cas’ head tilt, before he says, simply, “We
Cas curls into him, grumbling away into his shoulder. Dean presses a kiss against his temple, and starts to rub his hands along Cas’s back, long passing lines from shoulder to the dip of his tailbone.
“You prayed to me,” Cas comments, without much inflection, no matter how much Dean strains to hear anything at all. “To tell me you’re bisexual?”
(“I would like the kitchen to be painted the colour of the Pacific Ocean when megalodons swam there.”
“It’s okay, bud,” he says. “You’ve been holding that in for a while?”
Dean’s about to sit with them before he notices Cas isn’t eating. He asks, “Do you need to eat? In this form?”
After all, no one talks about what happens after the finale.
Dean is in the storeroom, cataloguing inventory (it’s not actually his turn, but Claire and Ash always find ways to beg out of stock-take, and Cas tends to get distracted by imagining new recipes or deciding they need a new IPA menu).
They build a new routine. Sam and Eileen visit for Wednesday dinner every week, and after dinner, Dean and Eileen settle in to watch that evening’s episode while Sam and Cas do whatever they do together. Sometimes Cas goes to Heaven as usual and Sam reads a book in the lounge with them, pretending not to watch but looking up at every shriek or moan. (Which, in an average episode, happens at least twice every ten minutes.) Other times, they spend time discussing lore or other boring stuff, and one memorable time, they ended up in a wrestling match Dean refused to get involved in.
“Okay, sweetheart.” Cas’s smile is something hot to even look at, and the pet name makes Dean shudder
Dean is abruptly filled with the most awful affection for this kid. “Yeah,” he croaks out. “Yeah, me too, Jack.”
Dean looks around, checks there’s no-one nearby, and he reaches, below the cover of the bar, for Cas’s hand. He loops their ring-heavy hands together. “I’m glad you like them,” he confesses, only to Cas. “I didn’t want you to think it was weird. When - I mean, we’re not really married. But - just in case.”
“I’m sorry my… recent departure was so distressing. Truly, I am,” says Cas, choosing his words with deliberation. “I really didn’t know it would be.”
He’s breathing heavily. He can feel his mouth open and slack but doesn’t have the muscle control to close it.
In fact – to really make the research complete he should – he should properly enjoy it, right?
He freezes, but it’s not enough to wake Cas, whose hand just tightens on Dean’s ribcage. Dean pulls his hand back, and his eyes catch on it. He curls his hand on the mattress, close to his face, and stares at the glint of silver. His pulse begins to beat fast, twisting up his stomach and his heart.
“Right.” Fuck their lives.
is busy, but not rushed. There’s a pleasant ambiance, and it’s a Friday night, so Cas has offered to be designated driver for the lot of them. Charlie and Eileen are having a fast conversation in sign language that Dean is too buzzed to focus on, while Benny and Jo are talking trash about this weekend’s football game.
Dean swallows. He says, quieter than he means to, “You got the money upfront, right?” He nods back to the direction the man went to.
“It was dark, dude, I don’t know. Tall, but like, not in an attractive way. Quite pale. Strange eyes, kind of green but again, not in an attractive way. Like, yellow-green.”
“I’m upstairs.”
Cas’s smile grows into a gummy grin. “I’m aware. I’ve heard of devices to chart chores, as it were.”
“Who proposed?”
That does it. Nail-bitten fingers dart out and snatch the money. The kid takes a step back, far enough to be back out of Dean’s reach. Dean hangs his hands down by his sides, tries to look as non-threatening as possible. The kid stuffs the cash into the front pocket of his jeans, and eyes Dean warily. “You go back inside,” he commands. “I don’t want you watching where I go.”
Victor lets out a bark of a laugh, and admits, “Fuck off. It’s that new dating app – I didn’t want you to rib me about it.”
“-And you don’t have to watch Dr Sexy,” Dean finishes.
He tries to cup it in his hands, but with his eyes still shut, he can’t really feel the edges. It feels like it would slip through anyway, like it’s not quite three-dimensional enough to capture. He ends up holding something, he thinks, which is about football sized.
He asks Jo to help run the bar with Ash and Claire, and he pays them all overtime. Claire wraps bubble-wrap around the offending corner that Cas hit into, as well as stapling an obnoxious warning label next to it. It’s a joke, except for how she watches Cas when she thinks no one’s looking. He’s the one who organised her foster home, got her this job, helped her with high school homework when she was twenty-one, after all. But Dean pretends he doesn’t see the worried glances, and in return, she pretends she’s not worried. (She gives Cas a hug anyway, in the back room where no one can see them.)
It’s a boring life he’s built, empty and aching.
forget to put the netting back down, then this will still make sure the birds stay away.”
“That’s beautiful,” Charlie says, and Dean’s ears go red as he sees the others are all looking. He pushes the embarrassment away, though, so he can agree with her. Cas deserves compliments, and Dean is trying to get better at giving them.
It hits Dean like a baseball to the head. He pulls his hand back so he can fully twist in his sofa and stare at him. “Cas? Do you not like Dr Sexy?”
to go to Hell.” He looks between himself, Sam, and Cas, and allows, “Present company excluded.”
“I don’t know, how many girlfriends have you gotten killed?”
“Bitch.”
Eileen lets out a little shriek and claps a hand over her heart. She then signs very quickly, and then flinches even though no one says anything. At Dean’s confused expression, she says, “I
“How long have you guys been together?” Dean asks with a smile around the neck of his beer.
Cas tilts his head in confusion. “Why would you-”
Dean presses his lips together, and slugs his little brother in the shoulder rather then start bawling his eyes out.
That’s Dean’s fault. He didn’t show him, and so now that’s his part of the deal, to show him every damn day.
“Dean,” says Cas, achingly gentle. “That’s not true. You have enriched so many people’s lives. You have saved so many.”
Cas turns his face just enough to reveal the arched eyebrow of scepticism. “You’ve heard? Have
that, you minx. We sometimes go to the same LARP-ing events.”
Fair enough. Dean sits, and says off-handedly, “Well, if you do, I’m sure you could have some of Miracle’s food. Dogs and cats eat the same thing, right?”
“Yeah,” nods Dean, letting out a huff of relief. “Fuck, dude. I – you’re
“What do you know?” asks Dean, but it’s without any real bite to it. He sounds tired even to himself.
He drives them back to the motel, and he starts rapping on Cassie’s room door, ready to rub it in their faces. Cas tries to stop him with a warning, “Dean.”
“How’s it going?” he asks, pulling out a chair and reaching for a document. Sam slaps his hand away lest he mess up whatever system he’s got going on, like the bitch he is. “Jeez, that badly?”
“Cool,” says Dean. “I’ll hang it up after my shift. We still have some spare hooks I can drill in near the window.”
Dean deletes the app. He pulls out from the parking spot and calls Cas to say he’s on his way back.
(multiple times!), and it only slightly breaks his brain on each occasion.
Dean watches the coffee machine.
you for thinking of such a – you
“Right,” says Dean. “And, just to confirm – what did the roommate look like?”
“How long for?”
He decides to tell Sam the same day, before he calls the realtor and while Cas is in the library picking out the books on horticulture he’ll start researching with. He raps a knuckle on the war room table later to announces himself, interrupting Sam’s spreadsheets and documents. His latest project is compiling an online bestiary and database for hunters, both aspiring and old-school.
“No, for a goddamn monster!” She lets out an irritated growl, and then jerks a thumb to the woman by her side in the matching pantsuit. “Dean, this is Meera. Meera, Dean.”
Dean comes, a whine behind his teeth and a splatter on the tile, his strokes pumping slower and slower until he’s totally spent. He breathes heavy as he watches the water wash away the evidence.
“You said it.” Cas’s expression is cold.
It’s this that explains him gripping Cas’s hand and saying determinedly, “I like your body. I like you in it. I like you as a guy.”
He exhales. “I’m going to kill Sam.”
Sam levels an unimpressed look at him. “You did laundry. And – you’re hugging it.”
Cas puts down his own plate, and reaches for Dean’s hand, running his thumb over the still-scraped knuckles. “Claire sent me a text. She passed her well-wishes and asked me whether you considered
relieved.
They end up sharing one of the guest room double beds after too many frozen margaritas and tequila shots and Charlie claims the sofa for herself. It feels like nothing to share a bed, pass out inches from each other - but then Dean wakes up before Cas in the morning, and stalls on his way to the bathroom. He gets caught by the curl of Cas’s hair on the pillow and a crease across his cheekbones and the slack of his crows’ feet.
hygienic, multiple times in his life. (He has also been described, deservedly so, as stinking of blood and sewage, and ‘dodgy as hell’ also, so, you know, swings and roundabouts.)
So, yeah. Life goes on.
“My room,” says Cas, apropos of nothing, like it’s pulled from him. He curls a hand in Dean’s hair and
Cas skims his hands up along Dean’s arms, goosebumps trailing after him, and kisses Dean, so sweet and gentle. “Let’s sleep, then,” he says, and somehow, they climb under the sheets without Dean imploding into a thousand tiny pieces. Dean hasn’t brushed his teeth, and he’ll need a piss in the middle of the night, but he’ll choose total organ failure before he lets go of Cas at this point.
Cas doesn’t say anything for a moment, facing the windscreen and the night. Then he says, “I think I will meet you back at the house.”
A concussion, then.
“Come on, what if I got you a jacket? With fringe? What about a bolo tie?” Cas narrows his eyes, and Dean grabs him, pulls him down as his best defence. He wraps his arms around Cas’s middle, hugging tightly until Cas relents and the cushion gets forgotten on the floor between the couch and the coffee table.
Bill rolls his eyes, and tells the group, “It was a ’78 Chevy. How the hell are you supposed to hide a truck in the garage, especially when your missus can sniff out vintage wheels like a bloodhound?”
For some reason, Dean’s eyes go hot and prickly. He rubs the back of his hand against them because he’s tired, and nothing else. “You don’t need to thank me,” he says. “Please – you don’t. I should be – I never got to say-”
“It’s okay, Dean.” Cas says, fast and desperate. “I know. Okay, I know.”
(And – and if he says it, then Cas will definitely stay. So, there’s that, too.)
“Fuck,” Dean curses, looking at all that skin, coiled strength, soft flesh and dappled hair and the occasional mole. His hands rise of their own accord to slide along Cas’s waist, looking up at him. Cas twists his hand in Dean’s hair to tilt him back further. He leans down, and kisses Dean with plush, firm lips.
Attracted to men, women,
he’s getting so angry.
Dean’s eyes drift shut and he’s smiling up at the ceiling as he says, sleepily, “Cool.”
“You –
At the time, Cas was fresh to having a home again and was working at the local Gas-n-Sip, while Dean was busting seventy-hour-weeks as a case manager. They became friends over coffee and shared pizza and Dr Sexy re-runs, in a way that crept on Dean until it was too late to go back. They shared crackling Lynyrd Skynyrd records and absent fathers and lives spent caring for other people. Cas made Dean laugh mostly by accident, and Dean spent more time than he’d admit explaining pop culture jokes after he’d made them.
She pulls a know-it-all face. “You kept it a secret,” she points out.
Eloquent, Winchester.
“Fine,” bites out Dean. “Fine. I presume you’re staying at the same one we are. I’ll follow you in the car.”
Sam holds his hands up in surrender. “Calm down, both of you. They’re
. Be back before the credits, and no harm will come to me.”
– small, unashamed sounds, guttural and deep and gasping.
Dean hears Cas sigh before he comes to sit beside him. The couch bloats with his weight, but Dean doesn’t look up.
But then Cas reaches up and starts to trail a feather-light pattern on Dean’s arm, on his bicep before his t-shirt hides it away. Goosebumps follow his touch, like every cell of Dean can’t help but turn to Cas.
On impulse, he drives by the local gas station on the way back for a quick purchase.
Cas makes a contemplative sound. “True. Well – no matter. These are the bodies we have, for now at least.”
. No.
Dean clears his throat. “What was that for?”
Everything you ever did, you did for: “I love you.”
But whatever the reason, Dean gets pulled away from mindless pleasure and back into his stupid, useless brain. And every time, he locks up. Sometimes he makes an excuse, or an apology, or sometimes he doesn’t say anything at all and Cas just eases off like he can still read his mind.
Dean feels something dark and rotten and mean sink in his stomach, twisting the lining and tensing his muscles. He forces his hands to uncurl and rests them flat on his palm. The small guy keeps talking and, whatever, Dean doesn’t need the backstory. He clicks ahead a few minutes – or, five minutes of a fifteen-minute video, that should be enough?
“You’re missing the point.”
. They’re not fighting over Lucifer or Amara or Leviathans. Cas isn’t dead, dying, or God – he’s just sulking over some birds in their kitchen.
“You still have the map and locations of the victims up in your room?” At her confirmation, he says, “We just need to look for somewhere between them, easy to travel to but undisturbed and abandoned for at least thirty years. They tend to wait a couple of decades between feeding, so it needs to be close enough to humans to run quickly back to, but lonely enough to be left alone for their hibernation.”
Something in Dean’s head goes totally blank. He’s just – caught in the blue of Cas’s eyes and the pillow of his mouth and the way he just
He runs a hand through Cas’s sweat-damp hair, and tugs, just gently. Cas goes with it, pushes up just enough so he can brush his nose against Dean’s. The movement is achingly tender, and heat prickles at Dean’s eyes. He’s never felt so – held. “I’m glad it’s you,” he confesses before he should, before he even knows what he means by that.
Cas makes a small sound of understanding. His hand comes over to rest on top of Dean’s fidgeting one.
Her face sours at the nickname – and so does his own, as he remembers Cas whispering it into his ear, the echo reverberating like fucking stereo sound. He pulls a face, and says, before she walks away, “That was uncalled for. I didn’t – it’s been a weird night.”
Dean defends, “Hey, they don’t pay us much more than you guys, you know. A car’s a car, and that one out there is a hell of a lot better than the Prius they tried to foist on us.”
He needs to stop this. This freak-twist-sabotaging what he has.
From what they can discover, there’s been two murders, both just average Joe’s from all accounts. One single, one married. One was a dentist; one was a janitor. The only correlations are that they were both killed at home at night, nothing valuable was taken from the homes, and there doesn’t seem to be a clear suspect.
If Cas thought Dean’s heart was beating loud before, he must be getting tinnitus from the pulse thundering through Dean now. His heart is painfully tense, and his ears are thrumming fast. The keys squeeze within his palm until the metal bites into skin. Dean’s jaw locks, and he nods. He walks around the hood and comes to the driver’s seat. Cas steps back, not enough, so he’s watching from barely a foot away.
The conversation moves on, but Dean stays quiet. He sets aside his beer bottle, and picks up the carving again.
It takes a little while to separate Cas from the Empty goo. Dean marches them both to the showers, because having some immediate goals means he doesn’t have to think about the two, extremely valid, freak-outs his brain is circling around.
, his mind supplies. “What you wanted,” he says, more delicately.
From the corner of his eye, he sees Cas slip under the bar flap door to come around Dick’s other side, to help. So, he’s distracted when Dick tries to swing for him.
“Bobby and I are going travelling,” she said over one lunch, whilst Dean’s sandwich stuck in his frozen hands. “Jo wants to open her own business - a gun shop, I expect - because god forbid she follow in her mother’s footsteps. So Bobby suggested I offer it to you, before he offers you the scrapheap.”
Dean and Cas both ignore him. “Cas. Buddy,” says Dean. “If you looked like a lion, I would call you a lion. You don’t. You look like a walking advert for alien cat litter. Ergo,
“Sorry.” Sam twists his lips. “And for, uh, saying a slur back then.”
With Cas’s throat still bared, he works his way down his neck with biting kisses, bringing blood to the surface. God, he wants to wreck him, he wants to mess him all up and keep him that way. With his weight still held up with his legs and the hand he has against the window, behind Cas’s head, he uses his other hand to make its way down Cas’s arm. He grabs onto Cas’s hand and loops his fingers past Cas’s knuckles to control it. He pulls Cas’s hand that way and rests their slotted together palms along Cas’s thighs to his groin, to the tightened fabric over the bulge awaiting there.
Dean nods, once. And then his fist slams, whip-fast, against Dick’s jaw.
Now or never.
“That’s not what I asked.”
Cas breaks away on a heady gasp and the hand not in Dean’s hair grips into the front of his shirt to tug him close, and Dean is forced to half-fall against Cas, push him up against the door and get all up into his space. He brings a knee onto the seat and nudges it in between Cas’s legs, which open easily for him.
“Sure,” he mumbles, a little awkward with his jaw still caught in her grasp. “There’s, uh. Drag queens.”
This just gets better and better. “You took your car to a
Out of breath, Dean claps Jack on the shoulder, wags a finger in his direction. "There you go -
Dean pauses. “And you’re bringing her to your work?”
But Cas tenses underneath him, and his hand flinches away to a safe position, on top of Dean’s shirt and practically Mormon. Dean shakes his head, and kisses him lightly, just the gentlest of trappings. He whispers against Cas’s pillow mouth, “It’s okay, I’m not – I’m just nervous, okay? I’m not freaking out.”
Cas eventually says, “Yes. If you want me to.”
Dean splutters, though he’s not sure what he’s defending against at the point.
He loves Bones, and Spock, and, well, Dean really doesn’t like the way he loves Kirk especially. He likes the cheesy monster make-up, and it seems like he seems to agree every time Spock gets especially exasperated with human customs or sensibilities.
His head snaps up and Cas is back at the foot of the stairs, looking straight at him from the other end of the open-plan room. His expression is, as usual, fucking unreadable.
Sam snorts at that, at least. He rolls the bottle between his hands, and eventually says, “You know, sometimes Eileen and I struggle too.”
Dean turns to Meera. “Where do you think-”
“Dean?”
, but Dean is very happy to leave Cas in charge of that particular jungle. They have to install internet - which Dean gets Sam to do with the classic carrot-and-stick method. The carrot is a homecooked meal using the fresh herbs they’ve found nearby, and the stick is the threat of Dean paying someone else to do it wrong. The electricity needs doing too, but they hire a professional for that at least. Something about Cas not trusting Dean near live wires and Dean not trusting Cas to not overcook the entire system with lightning-shaped grace.
“I get it if you don’t want to talk about all the details,” says Sam, after a while. “It’s between you and Cas. I just want to help – you know that.”
Cas blinks, and his hands twitch, and he says, low and dangerous, “
Dean waves them off, and then steps into the truck. The door shuts him in with a heavy clang and whine of the hinges. Cas slides into the passenger side a moment later.
Dean starts. “Mom?”
She rolls her eyes. “We worked together on a case a few years ago, and then kept bumping into each other from there. You know how it is – one hunt goes well and it almost didn’t, and you want to blow off steam afterwards. But then it kept happening, and I mean – you get it. Like: it’s
Dean casts his gaze aside. “We were. Or
There’s a few that are clearly made for women, for special occasions and engagements and promises. They have big jewels and small diamonds and swirling rose gold. But there’s one pair that catches his eye for their simplicity. He tries to look away, to refocus, but his eyes keep coming back.
He wanders off to the kitchen and starts pulling out the ingredients, the bread and the grape jelly Cas proclaims to be his favourite. He finds himself staring at the jar for a longer moment than he’ll ever admit to, with the taste of Cas still on his lips. There’s a dull, careful joy threatening to burst from his chest, something dangerous like happiness. It’s like this huge burden has sloughed off from his shoulders. Not just his bisexuality, though fuck if that’s not a huge relief, but to have Cas here, with nothing but honesty and attraction between them. He finally gets to
They stagger to the bedroom by muscle memory, occasionally crashing into the wall to kiss and touch and rut. Cas is breathing heavy and Dean isn’t much better, until finally Cas pushes at his shoulders and Dean falls back against the bed. He has a second to just look, pushing himself up on his elbows and staring up at Cas. For his part, Cas looks, just for a moment, lost, his gaze skittering over Dean like it doesn’t know where to land.
Cas tugs at Dean’s shirt to get his attention, right at the elbow, and Dean gives it. “Dean,” he says, urgently. “When was
Dean is in the kitchen when it happens.
“Reporting and hunting are two sides of the same coin, and no one says ‘cahoots’ anymore, Dean-”
“I meant hi. Not bye. Hi,” Dean says. He shakes himself, and rounds the corner, a couple of minutes from home. “What’s up?”
“Sorry,” says Cas into Dean’s pec, not sounding as he means it. But then he gets off, and slips out, and ignores Dean’s wince in order to dispose of the condom and reach for some wet wipes he apparently keeps under his bed. Dean will tease him about that later, but for now, endorphins and a pleasant soreness and the return of Cas’s soft kisses keep him content. Cas pulls the sheets over them and pulls Dean close.
Cas pauses in stirring his peppermint tea. Dean notices there’s another mug beside it, probably with chamomile for Dean. He tilts his head. “Whose number?”
himself at Dean.
Cas pulls a face. “That’s not your fault. Doesn’t count.”
“Uh oh.”
Cas rears back. “What?”
So, for now, Dean says, “Come on, let’s get to bed. It’s been a long fucking day.”
“What the
And they’re just standing there, in front of the house they both built, both just crying stupidly because they love each other and managed to fuck up even that.
He hears a zipper being done up hastily, and then – and then a middle-aged guy, dressed in cheap plaid and wearing a baseball cap, comes pushing past him, on his way to the car park. He – deliberately – avoids Dean’s gaze, while all Dean can do is stand there.
Cas looks pained. “There’s end-credits scenes?”
He gets into the bedroom and knows, all at once, that he can’t fix this.
best friend or that Dean was there when he died. After all, it’s not like he told
Trembling, he reaches for his Glock, discarded nearby. Snap-sharp, instinctively, he shoots at it twice.
The desire flicking through Dean gives him the confidence to let out a small laugh and he gyrates against Cas’s lap. Cas goes a little cross-eyed at the sensation. “Yeah, fuck. Yes,” says Dean, and he pulls his t-shirt over his head and flings it somewhere behind him.
Cas looks as if Dean had hit him. “What are you- what?”
He hears some raised voices, and then he hears Cas, croaky bass underneath the jukebox guitar, and then he hears-
The video announces itself as
But it’s worth it. Fuck, is it worth it. He thought, before, he found peace after Cas came back from the empty. But that was, on some level, all fake. More of the same sense of duty that powered him through the first forty years of his life. It was look after Sam, and then look after the world. Now, he just gets to look after himself. He gets to enjoy food and get fat from it. He gets to sleep through the night, unburdened by alcohol or nightmares.
. His arms are big, and swing with his gait. His shorts are clinging to his thighs and around his- and- Dean takes a swig of his beer, forgets its warmth and chokes a little on it. By the time he’s recovered, Cas is sitting beside him, and Dean stares at the horizon to try and calm down.
“I am…
There is a pause. And then Cas admits, “It was.”
That’s not really it. He got his GED, he’s pretty comfortable learning and studying when he needs to. But really, he wants to earn this. It’s part of his whole ‘living their real life’ thing he’s got going on. Sure, Charlie set them up with endless credit or whatever, but partly Dean feels kind of sad every time he thinks of her, and also – it makes it feel fake. Fake money, fake life. Like they’re just on a cover for a case, and it’s going to end as soon as they’ve ganked the monster. Dean does not like feeling like that.
Eventually, Cas says, apropos of nothing, “I’ve been speaking with Mary in Heaven.”
Dean watches him go, rooted to the ground as if he’d been planted by Cas too, all the way back into the house. Dean stares back at the ground, thinking hard about nothing at all. He catches sight of some forgotten tomato mulch, discarded by the birds in the night. He lets out a sigh of his own. This feels like the kind of thing he needs to fix, with little idea of how. He wonders if there’s anyone at all who knows how to appease a cranky angel-ish guy.
Another whimper. He looks over in time to see Cas roll over, pushing the sheets away from him and face contorted in panic. Dean settles back down onto his side, heart aching, and gently reaches over. He cups Cas’s face as carefully as he can and reaches his thumb to stroke away the frustrated wrinkles between his brows. Cas lets out a pained exhale, low and rumbling.
