Mary pauses, searching Sherlock's face for sincerity. Then she laughs, a cold, cutting sound that makes uncertainty flicker behind Sherlock's calm facade. "Oh, Sherlock. You don't know? You haven't worked it out?"
"Why don't I what?"
"Give it time." John was only half joking. "So, um, I was going to..."
“Me too,” Sherlock smiled.
"While we're on the subject of compliments...that last letter, where you explained how you knew all that about me."
"Earlier tonight. I've just got back from the vets."
“Well, we’d like to hear it from you. We know how John likes to exaggerate.”
"I still have all my teeth, so I suppose so."
Sherlock huffed indignantly at the nickname, even if there was some truth to it. Spending time with John seemed to be something that would go on forever. Now that it was ending, he couldn't shake off the feeling of impending doom, the one which had twisted his stomach when John first called to say he would be living in the arse end of Scotland (in Sherlock's opinion) for the next five years while studying medicine. “You say that now, but just you wait. We’ll have coursework, essays, practical exams to prepare for. You'll be worried about train journey budgets. I just hate the idea of going to somewhere as cold and miserable as Scotland regularly abysmal. And then we grow apart and what are we left with? Short letters once a month out of courtesy to the other to let them know they're alive."
Harry: Rude
“Ugh.”
They wait a few moments in silence, watching out of the window for any sign of movement. So far there is none, with no one even entering the coffee shop as a customer. Eventually, Sherlock speaks. "By the way, I have something of yours here you might want."
“That’s the problem.” John huffed. “I’ve probably replaced everything in my head for the tournament with school stuff, and vice versa. I’ll probably end up reciting the different ingredients for polyjuice potion when asked to answer a riddle, or something like that.”
Irene: So I’ve met his sister recently because she goes to the same lectures on Shakespearean comedies as me.
"Well, now we do and we're going to be prepared for him and anyone else who comes along." John took Sherlock's hands in his own. "You need people to help you. You can't just push everyone away to protect them, you're just pushing yourself into more danger."
“Godfather?” Sherlock repeats.
"But why do you need me to come?" Sherlock hissed.
A shove to the cold stone floor.
He blinks. “I can?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Irene: Harry decided to ask John to be in it
“... I suppose.”
“Right. Though that’s a bit hypocritical of you, Mr Dolce and Gabbana shirt.” John nodded at the purple shirt straining across Sherlock’s chest. (John wanted to send roses to whoever designed that shirt)
"Determination? Strength?"
John sighs. "That's when he goes back home. Never mind. Thank you, miss." In a vain attempt to gain her sympathies one last time, he takes Sherlock's hand in his as they walk out of the ticket office and cross the road.
"We did, zank you, Professor Migonagall." Madam Maxime emphasised every syllable. "Alzough, ze wezzer is... Colder zan my students and I expected."
John almost died to blush because now he sounded like a fourteen-year-old girl flirting with her crush. John couldn’t bring himself to care too much because William had just called him the most interesting person in their school.
“Yeah, he’s smarter than the entire student body combined, and boy does he know it.” a new voice said. Irene Adler, the leader of GSA and proud owner of half the student bodies secrets. There were a few people that thought she was William. John had always disagreed, though the speech seemed like the writing, there was no way she would hide it. She was to attention hungry. “Have you made a new friend Sherlock, come on, introduce him to the group.” Then John notices the small group of three that stood behind Irene.
“I think this would be a good time for you to leave John, It’s been a pleasure speaking. I’ll see you tomorrow in anatomy, and since I never thanked for earlier consider this one.” Sherlock pulled out a piece of paper from his bag and handed him it. When John skimmed over the paper he realised that it was the answers to the test he had next period. “How did you know…” John trailed off. Leaving the question hanging.
“Below the collar,” He panted, and John gave a firm nod before attaching himself where his neck meets his collarbone and nipped and sucked to his heart's content with Sherlock moaning and cursing above him. He moved back up to the other man's pulse point letting her teeth graze it lightly, but move away quickly redirecting his attention to the man's nipples.
The stairs were treacherous but by the time he made it to the top he found Sherlock sitting in his chair. He would say at this point he is much more drunk then he ever intended to get again in his entire life.
“I’m not your son, I’m a girl”
“Hello Irene, what is it now.” He asked as he rubbed his eyes
“Maybe I do, what does it matter, I’m not.” Harry seemed upset
a lot longer to process what had just happened than he was proud to admit  “I need you to promise me you won’ tell anyone about anything I said out here okay. I need you to tell me you won't speak a word to anyone or I'll kill ya, alright.”
“What’s a consulting detective? He asked and sherlock smiled back.
It’s all fine by the way, everything, I’m not judging you.
“Harry?” John asked quietly after he got settled in on the chair next to the sofa.
“Okay, I’ll Tell him” Sherlock smiled to himself “I’m gonna tell him”
I hope you enjoyed, i should have another one done before Monday, and just in case your interested i'm writing a phan thing because i don't think there's enough good phan on this site.
after a minute or two of basking in the satisfaction, John interrupted it. “We need to stop doing this.” He said with a sigh.
“Yes well, I’d say two roommates based on your shoes. There old but not old enough to need a new pair. There are lines of dirt on the outsides of both sides; they’ve been sitting next to other shoes. You're in university to become a doctor with a scholarship no doubt but that doesn’t mean you have the money to blow on two other pairs of shoe. I’m sure you have another pair, but they would be dress shoes for the random family wedding nothing you would be prancing around in the mud with. so, roommates, it is. You have a sister, she gave you that watch” Sherlock pointed to the watch on his right wrist. ”Like I said before, no money to be spending on expensive watched, so a gift from a women based on the style, although a nice one it does have a touch of femininity. Your mother passed away and you haven’t had a shag in months. Case and point, sister gave you the watch.” Sherlock glanced at him and a smile tugged at the side on his mouth when a saw John's gaping one. “Was I Wrong.”
“We aren't discussing Greg’s love life, we’re talking about the party that we will be attending tonight whether we think we should or not.”
And the fish takes the bait
“How many times have I told you to use your own computer, it’s better anyways”
The pub was pretty full, mostly yard members and a few pedestrians who didn’t know what was happening. John waved to Greg when they got through the door and he made his way through the crowd.
He woke up a few hours later to his phone going off. After he managed to fish it out of his trouser pockets he looked at the caller ID which flashed Irene in big black letters. He answered with a sigh.
The next few days went by smoothly, Mrs.Hudson got him the paints just like she said, and he finished up the walls in record time. It would have been faster too if he didn’t have to wait for paint to dry.
He walked behind the chair his father was sitting in careful not to make the granola bar wrapped crinkle in his pocket.
He stomped up the stairs angrily, lifting the rubber but of his cane to hit the step instead of his foot to present any unneeded pain. He knocked on the door and waited. When no one answered he knocked again because he knew Sherlock was in there. The door swung open
John spent the next two weeks working on the flat vigorously, but he found himself out of things that needed fixing within his capabilities. Mrs.Hudson knocked on the door when he had a cup of tea in his right hand and a book in his left
“Sherlock Holmes, and you must be John Watson.” John gave a confused look but sherlock was quick to explain “Mrs.Hudson mentioned you when you moved in down stairs.”
“Tell him”
The cold London air hit John’s face but did nothing to cool his temper. And he barely rounded the corner before he whipped around staggering just slightly.
“Right I’ll just get my stuff then” John got dressed hastily and grabbed his cane from the wall before wobbling off to the bathroom to get his wrench. Then he remembered why he ever walked into that room in the first place. He turned back to the open door and saw Sherlock staring at him “Get a hair catcher for both the sink and the tub, it'll prevent a clog from happening again.” Sherlock nodded back sharply
“Of course” Greg returned with a smile of his own
“so, what’s your name?” John asked slowing his pace so the boy could catch up to him with ease.
He woke up with a bit of a startle when he realized he wasn’t in his own bed. He remembered why he was in a different bed after a moment and stretched in satisfaction.
“Not much more than what you heard,” There was a pause and Sherlock didn’t respond, didn’t so much as move “You're really trying to keep me from dating?” Sherlock took a deep breath and looked at John
“Some kids from school came in and saw me, gave me the shiner, so Tammy said I could leave for the night. I was changing in the garage when dad came out.”
Truth or Dare
“You mean you don’t know” John replied, deflating.
John just nodded in response. “Am I still doing this” She gestured to the egg hovering over his head.
“Well, you’re an army doctor recently invalidated home from Afghanistan after being shot in the shoulder. You have a psychosomatic limp and your therapist thinks it's because you are haunted by memories by the war, but she’s wrong based on how thoroughly fucked I have just been. You didn’t start seeing men until you joined the army and at first you chalked it up to it being the only thing available but soon you started a somewhat emotional relationship with someone higher than you, but you left them behind when you were injured and have not tried to contact him for the last 6 months.” Sherlock's eyes stayed close
He started his lessons tomorrow and he wasn’t exactly happy about it. He had been informed before heading to bed that it would cut into his piano lessons. He layed in bed and thought about what his instruction would look like. Thirty-five or older surely, someone just outside of their prime clinging desperately to the idea that they could continue the sport. The doesn’t imagine they will get along well; his parents no doubt hired someone overqualified to teach a sport that he fully intended to treat as a hobby. He would be civil and try, but he knows it's something that he wouldn’t be looking forward to every day.
“Isn’t it, don’t you feel like he’s, you know, manipulating everyone to get what he wants?” Greg seems surprised and Sherlock is absolutely embarrassed and John can't stand it.
Sherlock hadn't worn a packer so much since he was 16 when his cheeks and jaw were still to round and the lumpiness of his chest made him feel uneasy. He wore his packer infront of John, and his reaction was delightful. Sherlock was wearing tight fitted jeans for a case, they hugged a little too nicely to be devoid of a bulge. And John, wonderful John could barely draw his eyes away from it the whole case. Sherlock had been insulted at first, assuming John was trying to suss out whether it was ‘real’, then he remembered the state of undresses John had seen him in and concluded that there was no way that John had managed not to notice his lack of penis. He was aroused, John was aroused at the idea of Sherlock's bulge. Obviously once he was aware of this he used it to his full advantage. He found that on average John was 62% less likely to pull a date if he spent the whole night ogling his flatmate. It was far easier to prevent relationships then it was to break them. Sherlock took to wearing a packer anytime they might be around attractive available women.
“year 11” Sherlock seemed to favour the shortest answer possible, he didn't seem to be afraid like most lower classmen were. Sherlock was confident, and John liked that.
sherlock send and waited patiently for a response. It only took ten minutes for Sherlock's phone to buzz to life in his hand.
“Fine, Mommy sent me to see if Gram wanted to stay for dinner since you’re practice ran late”
We should Skype it would make this a lot easier, and more fun
“No,” Harry said after catching his breath, “I like girls, and Tommy’s got a boyfriend anyway.”
"Because I'll get in trouble"
Yeah, sounds fun
The weekend went as it always did, Greg came over for a while and they played some video games, he went shopping with his mom so she didn’t feel lonely on the car ride, and finally he got back Saturday to his house in time to finish his homework so he could relax the last day of his weekend. But that was totally forgotten when he noticed a half sheet of paper sitting on top of all his books in his bag.
“It’s fine Johnny just hold still” He could see Harry’s face, she had a split lip and a smattering of bruises
Lestrade had invited them to his work birthday party, and John insisted that they go.
“I swear to god if I hear ANYTHING,”
John Watson had no reason to be stressed he had passed all of his courses in the top five of his class and was on his way into a promising medical career. Really of all days that something could go wrong today would be the best. He could be late to is first class if need be. The teacher had said they were only going over the last exam which he had aced. When he was suddenly knocked to the ground by a cyclist who came out of nowhere he thanked the lord that it hadn't been last week when he was desperately trying to raise his grade in human anatomy.
“Physician or surgeon?”
I’m intrigued, go on
“I’ll pick up the paint and primer for you tomorrow, I'll be going out to the store anyway. I may not know anything about those pipes but I know a good paint when I see one. I think I’ll bring over some left overs too. I had a big family and I still can't bring myself to make less than a serving of 6. I can’t eat that all by myself. Sometimes I bring it to Sherlock, the tennet upstairs, but he rarely eats as it is and I hate to see it go to waste.” Mrs Hudson rambled, but John found it oddly relaxing. He noted the name, Sherlock, as he was meaning to introduce himself to his neighbour, another suggestion by his therapist. He figured it wouldn’t be too hard, just pop up and introduce himself tell him the ‘if you ever needed a cup of milk I'm was your guy’ usual.
"I'm not friends with him anymore," Harry muttered under his breath
Do you?
Truth or dare?
“Our rooms are on opposite sides of the house, Sherlock.” Mycroft rebutted
“What are you doing here?” Harry hissed
“We could arrange something” Sherlock stated
“Oh and that reminds me. Sherlock's water valve is hooked with yours so if you shut off your water you shut off his as well, so just let him know before hand,” John nodded “Well I really must be going, I’ve got a cooking show at 6 that I don't want to miss. If you need anything just ask, and ill have the paint delivered tomorrow.
“He works the night shift Johnny, He’ll be there till morning, silly boy.” His mother ruffled his hair as she walked by.
“No, No Sherlock, I would never” He grabbed Sherlock softly under his jaw so he could meet his eyes “I would
Now was the perfect time to redraw the line between himself and William. The perfect time to forget about the perfect, rugby playing John and immersed himself into his experiments and course studies. He would be going to college after this year and school was coming to an end faster than he had expected.
“I’ll lead,” Greg said as he let his other hand slid around Mycroft's waist and he felt Mycroft's hand fall on his biceps. The music started and they started to flow around the small gym with ease. Greg lends closer to Mycroft's ear. “In fencing your opponent it like a dancing partner. You have to go with them, predict their move before it happens so you aren't stuck one step behind.” Greg smiled a little more when he saw the hairs on the back of Mycrofts' neck stand on end.
“I’m not gay” this time Sherlock did laugh
When Harry saw him he dropped the lipstick he was putting on and stand in shock for a moment. When he came back to himself he quickly pulled the tank top down to sit like in normally would and scrubbed his face with his hands. Before running over to the door and shutting it as fast as he could without slamming it.
The plumber
He reminded himself that this wasn’t to say he would /never/ tell John. He told himself that he needed more information, need a better handle on the situation, but he knew it would come down to two options; John confronts him about the situation and reveals his feelings for sherlock, least likely. Or nothing happens, most likely. Of course, sherlock hoped for the prior, but it was unbelievable unlikely. He did, however, have one way of getting more information, and it would be directly from the source. And oh boy did sherlock have a plan to squeeze every little bit of information he could manage.
“Then why am I scared. I don’t do well when i'm scared.” Sherlock was rigid where he sat “I did something bad, Something that i never should have done, but i don't regret it. Not in the slightest.” At this point Irene thought it would be better to just listen to what sherlock had to say and assess the situation when he was done. “You know John, I talked to him, gave him my number. God, it’s so stupid. I’m envious of myself, I want to have what William has with him, and i do But he doesn’t know and I don’t know how he’ll react.” Sherlock groaned in frustration before flopping back onto the bed.
“I know she’s a women”
You, John Watson, aren’t as simple as you seem. You come from a happy family. Happy after your alcoholic father left a year and a half ago at least. You fear that your sister may be picking up the same habits. She has a girlfriend, though, so you hope that a relationship will be enough for your sister to quit the late night partying. You want to become a doctor, but because of your now single mother family dynamic, you plan to join the army to pay off your college loans. Though I would suggest scholarships instead. I know of one in particular that I think would be interested in you. You’re a good student who juggles a part-time job and rugby practice, Quite impressive, but you don’t feel like it’s enough. And with that I leave you, I’m glad you enjoy my work.
“You’ll see me at school, ill give you my address you can come by any time”
“If this is happening then I’m not gonna wreck my shirt as well as my ego.” Before sherlock could process what John said- mostly because John started to strip before he finished his sentence- and before Sherlock knew it there was a very shirtless, very well-fit, very shirtless John on his computer. “ well let's get this over with” John sighed and sherlock barely registered what he said.
“Did you tell Lestrade?” Sherlock had maybe had a little too much for himself and alcohol did make his lips so regretfully loss
“Oh, that’s fascinating. They are mens pants, yes?” The other man seemed so nonchalant.
He moved on to the sink. He hoped that the problem was with the p-trap because if it wasn’t then he was going to have to find a way to get to the roof to fix it. Luckily that was just the problem, He took the p-trap and looked inside the pipe to find another smaller condensed ball of chestnut curls. He used the end of his wrench to push the clump into the trash before pushing himself off the ground and grabbing his cane that he had propped up against the wall before going to work. He stepped out into the hall walking the way he had come. He went through the kitchen, and poked his head into the living room, and saw no sign of Sherlock. He had noticed a door at the end of the hall, so he walked back and tapped on it softly. He assumed it was a bedroom, and based on the one man concerts the man out in at 3 am he probably slept during the day, and didn’t want to wake the man.
Sherlock deflated at the answer. John bit his nails at the half lie.
“Lestrade doesn’t like me involved in his personal life, he only invited me because he invited you.” He could hear the blood moving in his head.
“No need to jump to conclusions. I say we get you to the hospital and have them check you out and fix up that nose of yours.” he let go of the boy's arm and went to pick up the bike which was in much better condition than its owner. “There’s a clinic not too far from here. Should do. I’ll walk you.” He didn’t even try to hide it in a question, there was no way he was letting this young man walk even a block on his own with a possible concussion.
“Oh, come on Harry he can come down it’s his house too.” Tommy said “Wanna watch Jonny, it's about robots” Harry rolled his eyes but allowed John in the room. “I always wanted a younger sibling” Tommy mentioned, and Harry only rolled his eyes and murmured something about John being annoying most of the time.
“Mom asked me to bring you food,” he said as he reached into his pocket and pulled out the orange and granola bar. Harry deflated pushing his hand through his hand and realizing he still had the ponytail in before ripping it out and throwing it across the room before sitting down on his bed
When he got to Harry’s room he didn’t even think to knock, but he wishes he had once he opened it. Harry stood in front of the mirror that was on the inside of his closet door. He was carefully applying a bright red lipstick to top of the raccoon eye shadow, his hair was half up in a ponytail with little pieces in the front framing his face. He had his tank top folded so half of his belly was exposed and his tighter pair of black pants with one of his flannels tied around his waist.
“I think maybe you should ask him” John nodded, and then just how drunk he was right now hit him and he was spinning. He hailed a cab and before he knew it he was back in baker street
“No, No what if’s, none of that. Tell him.” Irene sigh for about the millionth time that night. “I’ve known this for a long time Sherlock and I think it’s time you know the truth.” Sherlock got up and turned to her in curiosity. “There is no difference between you and William, take this from someone who knows you better than you do. This whole facade you put on to trick people into thinking you don’t feel doesn’t work. Anyone can see through it. I’m sure John can see through it, and the moment you tell him you are William he’s going to smack himself. I know deductions are your thing sherlock, but John is going to be so utterly annoyed with himself for not noticing it the moment he met you.” Sherlock was angry, then frustrated, then confused, and finally hopeful. So hopeful that what Irene said was true.
Mycroft didn’t have many friends growing up. His pale skin and bright ginger hair made him the target of most of the childish insults his classmate could muster. After his parents had caught word of the harassment they had decided to pull the young boy from school at the age of 14 and tutor him privately. He already had an hour of tutoring after school because his family thought it was important for him to be well educated. One thing had come from the homeschooling that he despised, physical education. He had scoffed at the name when his mother had mentioned it. You don't need brain cells to understand how to catch a ball, and therefore it shouldn’t be considered education at all, but both of his parents insisted. After four years of the torture, his parent had sat him down and told him if he picked a sport to pursue they would cut it from his curriculum and allow him to take another government class. He was slightly upset; his parents had chosen to change it solely because his younger brother was complaining, something that he had done for years. He was still happy that he could choose something easy so he could focus on his last few months of schooling.
“Does that mean you and Harry are boyfriends cause your gay?” Harry started choking again
“John, you really don’t” But John had already found where Greg was siting and was making a path toward him, Sherlock followed in hopes to unull the situation
“Do you really want to take that risk?” Mycroft cocks his eyebrow
John hesitated for a moment, but in the end decided there was nothing much to loses, and the implications were vague.
John didn’t think he could breathe. The writing wasn’t the same as the article, but he couldn’t seem to mind because he had noticed him. William... had noticed him, he was impressed by him even, and he hadn’t mentioned the not so subtle attraction John had for him and for that he was thankful. The bell echoed and John went to his first class. Now he was more curious about who William was then ever. It could be his lab partner, Jake, or someone in his gym class. It could be anyone. As he passed people in the halls he looked at them a little closer hoping he would see something on one of them that screamed to him, but there was nothing. He finally made it to his anatomy class. The note was safely tucked in his back pocket folded into a nice little square.
“Yes well, it only took a little bit of jabbing to get him out the door '' Greg laughed and patted John’s back and they continued their boring conversation that Sherlock could care less about. What he did care about was the state of Gregs jeans, and as soon as John had left with the goal to get drinks.
“That is something we could work out” John laughed but this time Sherlock didn’t
“I'll be right down, which door are you at?” Sherlock grabbed his robe from the door and started to make his way to the steps.
"That Tommy you hang around with is a faggot," He brought up a piece of steak to his mouth. Harris fork clattered on his plate. "He started flaunting it at school months ago, even gone an’ brainwashed another boy into becoming a fag too."
Sherlock's erection had gone down as well as John's so he quickly swallowed him down and brought him back to full hardness while palming himself and listening to Sherlock's sweet sounds.
His father had Harry by the scruff of the shirt a fresh black eye on her face, and a skirt around her waist with he clean-shaven legs on display.
They hugged and Harry left, He did see her at school sometimes, and she did give him her address, but Harry graduated a semester early, and they saw each other less and less. By the time John was getting ready to start university, Harry had a pretty bad partying problem. Their father died, neither of them went to the funeral. John was busy with school and she was busy getting drunk. She had started hormones as soon as she turned 18, and she was starting to look a lot more like the person he had always seen his sister as. They meet in person for the first time in months the night before he deployed. She wasn’t drunk but she also was sober. She cried about not being able to afford surgery and John comforted her. The morning before he left he sent her a check with all the money he had in his saving on it. Part of him thought he was never coming back, he was almost right.
“You fucking fag” His father yelled as he threw her to the ground and spit on her “It’s a disgrace to call you my son” Harry had caught herself on the carpeted ground and muttered something
You don’t even have to enable your camera. It would just be easier if we could talk to each other, Right?
“Special occasion Sherlock, wanted to put a little effort in” Sherlock scoffed
“Shut up” Sherlock huffed
“He probably didn’t, well, I'm unsure I was distracted by the idea that you-”
“I'm smart. My mother didn’t want me to skip grades so I chose to take a few select classes on the side and I ended up two years ahead in all my classes.” Sherlock seemed proud of himself, as he should be. His chest puffed with pride and he sat up a little straighter.
“I don’t know, Harry will probably be off before we even get there” John tried to think of something better but he couldn’t for the life of him.
I was thinking of a nice game of truth or dare.-w
“H-How did you know know that” John shifted
John was surprised, he was pretty certain that everyone on this earth that didn't live under a rock had at least knew what the game was.
“Unique. I’m John, What year are you?” John shot back.
The next thing John knew he was being pulled into the flat by his shirt and being pushed up against the back of the door to close it as Sherlock's lips connected hot and heavy with his. John moaned and looped his hands around Sherlock's neck with his fingers card through the shorter curls and the back of his neck. Sherlock’s hand stayed on his chest rubbing up and down and eventually slipping under John’s shirt.
Mycroft enjoyed many of his after-school tasks, but there were a few that he prefered to the rest. His piano lessons were always a nice beginning to the day, and he never had a problem with the teachers that his parents hired for him, other than their incompetence that is, but he could glance over that. He didn’t particularly like the sport or any sport, but it was his only option to get out of his horrendous P.E class. Team sports were out of the question, as well as anything that involved him taking his shirt off. He had tried to convince his parents to let him play frisbee golf. It sounded stupid but it was more desirable than something like weightlifting. His parents had seen what he was trying to do and threatened to put him in football if he didn't make up his mind soon, so he went with the first acceptable option that came to his mind; fencing.
“You’re not the only one who can read people, I’m a copper Sherlock. You don't think I don't see how desperately scared you are to lose him.” Lestrared’s eyes were cold “You don’t think I know why your here with him tonight, because if you didn’t come he still would, and then there’s the chance of him finding someone else, hmm, you can't sit at home and trick people into thinking you're together to keep him. Well let me tell you something Sherlock,
“That's not what I said, you’ve never ironed your jeans before”
doesn’ mean he’s not a man.” Greg reeled and Sherlock's eyes went widend with realization.
He felt a blush spread across his face “of course they’re mens pants. I’m a man.” John spattered
They talked for a little while and Mycroft learned that Greg had crushed his leg in a car crash a year ago which had effectively ruined his up and coming career. He also learned that Greg had started at the police academy a few months back and had jumped at the chance to teach someone about a sport he loved as well as get some money for rent. After they were done talking Greg taught him the names of the equipment and how to properly hold the foil.
“This is John Watson, he is in my anatomy class.” After Sherlock was done talking John gave a small wave and everyone sat down. It was a little awkward, no one seemed to want to talk, and John was about to say something but Irene spoke up instead.
“depends... on why”
John and Sherlock talk a little more, Sherlock make a distinction from himself and William in his head. It's a good time.
“You’re still married” Greg’s eyes hardened
It Williamssh221-W
“How di… Physician. How did you know that?” They seemed to mindlessly start on their journey to the clinic.
“It’s no problem, I enjoy your company, and we have the thing to work on anyway. Mrs.Hudson has your room ready as always.” Sherlock grabbed her bag before moving to carry it up the grand staircase.
“ you’ve never cared about your appearance before, you actually go out of your way to look rugged when you get the chance, it brings you back to your younger days of ripped jeans and motorbikes’
He waited a moment, but there was no answer so he knocked a bit louder, hoping the other name wasn’t sleeping and was just in a deeper part of the flat. Just as he was about to turn away the door flew open, and a tall, pale man with dark curly hair stood in front of him in a tight button up shirt and trousers. He looked the man up and down while he wet his lips. They looked at each other for a moment before John broke the silence with the attractive man.
The other man was in a chair and absolutely stunning. He wasn’t wearing a suit, but the button up shirt fit snug to his body. His dark hair was a great contrast to his light skin tone, and icy blue eyes. He realized that compared to the other two men in the room he was extremely under dressed. He didn’t have a shirt on, and the pajama bottoms he through on hung lower than he would have liked on his hips showing off the black boxer briefs he had chosen.
“Leave her alone” John jumped in, and their father's wrath was no directed at him. A swift right hook had John on the floor before he knew what was happening. His head was fuzzy and his sight clouded with black dots. The last thing he saw was his mother blurry in the corner doing nothing and then the black spots connected and became nothing.
“Why not?” John asked he’d heard of it once in passing, it was a girl though, that had started being a boy, but he guessed it could work the other way around. He didn’t even know the boy, he was a few years ahead of Harry even.
“Greg doesn’t like your input on his failed marriage, Sherlock, he wouldn’t have invited us if he didn’t want us to come. He could have just as easily not been invited, it is supposed to be Met personnel only after all.” John was picking up the dirty dishes scattered around the flat, however John avoided the coffee cup on his desk. He suspected it had to do with the placement of his sheet, because although from the front it concealed his modesty quite well from the other side someone might easily catch glimpses. It had been five months since John had walked in on him in the bath, and became aware that Sherlock was assigned female at birth. John didn’t make a habit of trying to catch him naked before, but ever since John had been overly cautious to preserve Sherlocks modesty, despite Sherlocks disregarded to do the same.
‘I want you to fuck me’ John kissed him hard on the lips again
“I don’t know”
“My Brother’s home, I have to go.” And then Sherlock ended the call, and John was left hanging with so many questions.
He had never had a lover so thorough, don't get it wrong, he had had plenty of capable lovers, even great ones but none of them amounted to John Watson, the man who had him on the verge of coming without even touching his cock. He feared that when it came to that point he would be so on edge that his stamina would be embarrassingly short. Which would be reasonable as it felt like he had been teased and on edge for hours
Irene had told him it was unhealthy to hold back on all his ‘primal urges’ as she had put it. Sherlock had thought differently, grow up in a home where it was common courtesy to keep your feelings to yourself. He had always had a twinge of doubt, like when his father died at the age of 47 from a heart attack, or when Mycroft had started to lose his hair at twenty. However, clear the signs became Sherlock just ignored them because it was easier that way.
“You think ‘e’s manipulatin’ people into believing some kind of lie or something. Well I hate to break it to you
“John, I can’t, I can’t I'm gonna, gonna” Sherlock cut himself off with a groan in response to John grabbing the base of his cock tightly to prevent an orgasm. The groan tapered off into a whimper and John let go.
Now he opened all them with ease, even after they had rested the codes and changed them. It only took him five minutes to figure them out as they were extremely similar. He was ready for the next experiment. Ready to get lost in the calculations and results. Ready to let is mind ease off of the topic of John. The topic of who William would end up being to John, who he would end up being to John.
“Someone's ironed your jeans” He stated and Greg's smile faltered
“You like to look like a girl?” John asked slowly, he didn’t want to sound mean, being called a girl was an insult after all.
Do you have skype?
As always John walked back with their drinks in tow, Greg brushed by and John frowned at him.
“I’m not talking about his love life either, John, he is fully satisfied with his love life. I’m talking about sex” he opened his eyes as he uttered the last word and the world was fuzzy around the edges. Delightful.
John double checked, then triple checked, so he knew he wasn’t going insane. when he finally got over the shock he looked around to see if it was Greg using his interest to play a prank. But there was no one, other than the random staff member here and there getting ready for the busy day. John decided to continue reading.
“Yes, sweet old lady. Sometimes i fear she’ll talk my ear off if i let her through.” A chuckle let the other man mouth and John was shur that he was going to ravish him if they kept looking at eachother like this.
“Thought I'd bring some cookies since you’ve been working so hard the past couple of weeks” John smiled up at her and took the cookies and set them on the kitchen counter
Mycroft got up the next day with plenty of time to spare before his piano lesson, so he took a long shower and sat on his balcony that overlooked the rolling English hills with a book. When the time came he pulled himself away from the book and dressed before heading to the lesson room. His piano lesson was enjoyable, as always, he was working on Elspark’s clair de lune which was pleasantly challenging. When he was done he had 15 minutes before he had to be in the gym area.
John licked his lips when Sherlock walked out the door, and John grinned making the effort to sway his hips a little drawing John's attention.
“No, we’re gonna sort this out” John growled
It’s Monday morning and Sherlock has decided he can’t do it. He was insane to convince himself that he would be able to face John. He was frugal and he knew that. He couldn't risk that fact becoming common knowledge in the school. He wished that he hadn't calculated the odds in his head. He wishes he didn't know what slim chance he actually had of John recuperating his feelings. He knew that John was interested in William, in what way, however, he was oblivious. He had only ever heard of John dating females, and although that doesn't diminish the odds completely it definitely makes them more scares. The odds of John being bisexual alone were 2%. He had promised Irene, and she would definitely threaten to tell John but she never would. Doing something like that would break all of her moral codes, mainly because Sherlock wasn’t out to the whole school and Irene would never kick him out of the closet, even if it was for love. God was that what he was calling it now? Love. To think, someone like a Holmes in love. What would Mycroft think, or worse his father?
"I understand" Harry gritted out through his teeth.
“You have no idea” John huffed back
“Yes absolutely brilliant, very good” Sherlock blushed
I’m not a very patient man-W
He woke up to Harry holding a bag of ice to his face.
“Your father’s in a good mood dear, try not to change that” She whispered to him, and at that moment John hated her.
He got to the small science lab designated for students. Most of the locker with the solutions and pure elements had paddle locks but it only took Sherlock half an hour to figure them all out. It was stupid of his teacher to set his own code instead of using the one provided, it only made it ten times easier to guess it. I was slightly harder than he had expected. One lock had been all three teachers favourite element, another had been the first six digits of pi. And the last was the date that they bought the locks.
I was thinking picture proof for the dates, and one pass for each category, once someone has passed a question or dare that question or dare can not format or reiterated into something similar, do you agree with these terms?-W
Sherlock let out a loud moan and arched up into the touch, but was swiftly pushed back down by a hand firmly planted on his chest, after Sherlock's back was planted firmly against the bed again he moved his hand over to the neglected nipple and tweaked enjoying the course of moans that came with it. He sucked on the nipple until it was red and tender before letting himself move to the other which only took half as long to get into a similar state thanks to his hand.
“Cause that’s not how it works Johnny, I’m a boy.”
“ follow me,” Sherlock said as he turned around and walked into the flat. He did as he was told and followed the through the sitting room as well as the kitchen/ dining room into a hallway and finally ending with the man in the bathroom “The tub takes approximately 30 minutes to drain when half full, and the sink bubbles when it's draining. The shut-off valve is on the first floor, feel free to take as long as you want, just notify me before you leave.’ He walked out of the room and left John alone. Well, he guessed he might as well. He had fear originally that the pipe problems could also be coming from Sherlock's flat after Mrs.hudson told him they were connected. He went downstairs and grabbed a snake before coming back up to Sherlock's flat. He snaked the drain and came up with a giant clump of curly hair. Just what he had expected after hearing the other man's concerns.
“So, here’s what I’ve been thinking, yeah. How does someone in year 11 get into a year 13 class? Being a year up isn’t uncommon. Hell, I’m in year 12, but 2 years ahead, that’s pretty impressive.” John said as he leans on his elbow and faced Sherlock completely.
“Oh,” John gasped at the sight, feeling his own cock twitch in his pants.
“What?” John asked a little shocked
“I don’t really know Johnny, I don’t know what’s wrong with me okay. I just like to do.” he gestured “That, okay”
Sherlock came first with John close behind. John pulled out slipped the condom off his softening cock and throw it in the bin before crashing next to an already snoring Sherlock next to him
“I fear that you John Watson may know too much about me”
Sherlock never really slept much anyway, but on sunday night he was feeling particularly exhausted. In his attempt to stay up to finish his latest experiment he listened to music, but that seemed to on lull him to sleep, and after waking up for the third time with his head resting on his forearm he decided to call it quits and give in to the sleep his body was demanding.
"I may have told John I had feelings for him and tried to kiss him." Sherlock finally said.
Harry: But it’s mostly about Irene and I directing the perfect Twelfth Night
"8 years old. So he's getting on a bit. He - he's slow. I don't know how he managed to run away. I mean, I do know, we left the gate open when we left for my aunt's house. No, I left the gate open. So it's my fault."
After two months of hearing stories of cases, latching onto every word of every high-speed chase, every deduction, every plot twist like a dying man draining the last drops of water in his supply, John finally gets invited to a crime scene.
Sherlock smiles slightly and a faint blush creeps up his neck. John wonders if (hopes that) this happened every time John has complimented him. "Thank you."
"Rosamund, or Katherine. I may not be the... best of godfathers. Frankly, I still think I'm a terrible choice for John to pick. But regardless, I will do whatever I can do within my power to keep you safe, to protect you and... do whatever it is godfathers do. I made a vow to do so already, but I feel it needs repeating/ So, there. I hope that's of comfort to you."
Irene: Wow, I didn’t think that would work so fast.
"No. This memory stick means that the cards are in our hands. You can use it to prove your loyalty to Mary."
“Oh. Okay.” He takes a deep breath, only a slight shakiness betraying his nervousness at being confronted by this new part - John can’t blame him, he would be as well - and he begins. “Right. Uh.
“Oh, hello. Is this another skype session like the last one?”
"Not an option. The closest thing I have to a friend is my landlady, who is insufferable enough as it is." The way he said these words was fond enough for John not to think he had an irrational hatred of his landlady. "And I'm not in a relationship. Even if I was, I doubt people let their significant others experiment on them."
"Holmes - Sherlock. Please." Holmes looks up then at the soft sound of his Christian name. Even after all these years, the names are reserved only for private moments, to be whispered quietly in the dead of night or in the heat of an argument or when all inhibitions are lost. They are cautious, but rightfully so in these times - the memory of the Wilde trial is firmly lodged in their memories, and so it is with the public's memory. Watson cups his cheek tenderly and offers a weak smile in reassurance. "I'm fine."
"I didn't notice - "
"Shot in the shoulder. 38 calibre bullet. Managed to avoid any major arteries but there was some shrapnel and your bone was slightly fractured."
“God, Sherlock. Wait - let me just move my laptop -”
John's eyes widened, an idea popping into his head. "Well, what if it wasn't?"
"Oh. Yeah, I see her. I must say, very good choice John. She seems nice."
Holmes sniffs, leaning into Watson's hand. "It's still bleeding a little. Better safe than sorry. I could get a bandage, and some disinfectant, and - “
John chuckles at that, causing Sherlock’s eyes to flick in his direction for a moment, long enough that John swears he has heart palpitations from it.
"Certainly not! She can stay here with us, where it's safe."
Greg glanced at Molly and nodded at her minutely, then responded, "Nah, it's better if I try and walk around a bit. Get out of the dorm. That's what the new nurse said."
On behalf of everyone at Edinburgh University, I am pleased to congratulate you on our acceptance of your application. We were very impressed by your academic history and achievements and feel that you would make an excellent addition to the Edinburgh University alumni.
Sherlock cringes and turns away from the scene, making a show of rummaging through the cupboard under the stairs for his coat.
"Don't bring Mycroft into this," Greg glared.
“Yes, I am, what is it?” John pressed his lips together, deciding to power through and ignore the man’s temper.
“I’m 29, so yeah. Did you go to uni?”
Just as a cab pulls up, John's phone vibrates in his back pocket. He sighs as he reads the text on the screen
“Dear God. Four days on lockdown and you’re already resorting to eating like some feral gremlin?”
"In the villa? Yeah, I had assumed that's what we had planned already."
Also, don't worry, I will skip ahead to the meeting at one point - possibly next chapter, possibly after a few more letters if you want - rather than making you wait 26 more chapters.
He took a deep breath, suppressing all gut instincts and his father's disapproving voice in his head saying this was an awful, horrible, incredibly stupid idea. Generations of the family secret remaining hidden, and John was wanting to throw that tradition out of the window, and for what? To spare Sherlock's feelings. (Worth it.) "Say you got a chance to...redo it all. What would you do?"
I'm also writing to let you know that I'm sorry about what happened at the end, before I left. It was unwelcome, I know, and I promise it won't happen again. It would be greatly appreciated if we could forget about the whole thing and move on.
John watched as they walked out of the Great Hall, heaving an irrepressible sigh of relief that that experience was far less awkward than imagined.
“It is. Trust me. You’ve been super concerned about me and offering for me to stay with you and asking about Harry and it’s more than I ever could expect. By the way, I have sort of taken your advice.”
Sherlock doesn’t comment. John doesn’t explain.
"When you said there was a space we could see the stage, I didn't realise you meant a fucking sauna," John hisses.
"And in return, will you, Jim, give Alissia power, money and the vengeance she seeks?"
No night shift at the twenty-four-hour coffee shop - which no one needed and no one asked for - is ever the same, but even this part of John's life becomes formulaic after a couple of months.
19:40 I don’t know. It’s just nice having a bit of pre-warning.
Irene: And in terms of your current fantasy… You will be sharing several scenes with John.
“Really? What do you think? Do you like it? Is it too sentimental? Too effeminate? Ugh, I should have just bought you a book instead -“
"You've never studied for a single exam in your life."
“Understandable, but some sections are rather interesting. For example, in the nineteenth century, before the government acknowledged that two men could be soulmates, men who couldn’t gain access to the black market of unused or illegal journals would acknowledge each other to be soulmates through other means.”
"I am perfectly happy dealing with those 'needs' alone, as you so eloquently put it. It's your move, John."
"No. Your league is far above his." Sherlock was 99% joking.
“I was wondering if you’d looked at your script lately?”
“Well I did decide to wake us up at seven in the morning on a school holiday. Rather stupid of me, really. Unless I’m working, I rarely get up before twelve.”
Sherlock huffed and scowled, but kept silent as they walked back, Mycroft by his side. Mycroft didn't speak either. Not that there was anything left to say. No "I'm sorry about your best friend and boyfriend getting stabbed" or "I'm sure everything will be okay." John was still alive, but Mycroft himself said he couldn't assure Sherlock of anything.
“Oh.”
Sherlock is drunk, he reminded himself. Sherlock does not feel things that way. Not for him.
The taxi drives away, and John is left waiting for the next cab to come along, so he can drive to the other end of London.
"I've been doing some thinking," Sherlock breathed shakily. "And I don't think staying another year will be beneficial to me or my career."
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“WHAT?!”
“Not necessarily! It’s only the first read through. Maybe once the whole thing is set up you’ll be able to get into the character a bit more.”
"It's nice to break tradition though, isn't it? Come on, think about it." Sherlock takes John's hands in his. "Nowhere to be, no time limits..."
John thinks to himself.
“Oh right. I just assumed it was a spelling error you crossed out.”
"He had his family with him," Sherlock whispered, his teeth clenched, and John's stomach twisted at the anger in his voice. "Children. What kind of half-witted, idiotic - "
Mrs Holmes makes a delighted sound which Sherlock rolls his eyes at. Of course, it would take John a matter of two sentences to win Sherlock's mother over. He's charming. It worked with Sherlock, way back in April. "Oh, thank you! It's nice to know
John blushed and cleared his throat. “No. That doesn’t count.”
“Hey, don’t be like that. I’ve got a busy day planned ahead.”
“Strangely enough, I’ve started to miss those things too.”
“Don’t try and distract me with your attractively accurate use of scientific terms.”
"See? Nothing to worry about." John kissed him again, this time just behind his ear, making him shiver and his lips twitch into a reluctant smile. "For either of us."
“Well, which one do you think I’ll prefer?”
Then something catches Sherlock’s eye. It’s subtle, very subtle, obviously hidden by years of practice, but just as the doctor digs out the bullet, he waves his hand across the wound, and the room is suddenly filled with - not magic, that inane, puerile word more suited to card tricks of mortals. It’s
"Well, then, if I'm such a problem -"
"Shame. I had so much more material for compliments."
"Excellent deduction. No, I'm here for you." Mycroft pulled out a letter from his pockets. "An owl delivered this for you just now."
Sherlock rolls his eyes, and Samantha did the same, except with more fondness. "Oh, please."
"No. This is chance. There is no skill about this."
“Or Google it,” Harry interrupts.
He could feel John grin against his skin. "That's not very sociable."
“I understand, dear,” Mrs Hudson says soothingly, before raising her voice into baby speak as she addresses Rosie. “Don’t worry. Rosie and I will have a wonderful time. Girls’ night in. We might watch a few Connie Prince reruns together, isn’t that right, lovely?”
“If it weren’t for your association with me - “
Sherlock turned back to John. “John, this is Angelo. My...an old colleague of mine.”
"Fine. Congratulations." Mary stood up, leaving her breakfast, "I hope you two will be very happy together."
“Sir,” a small voice piped up, and the man turned to face the source of the noise – a young man barely 18 years old with acne and a voice that still cracked on occasion, “Why are we always watching these two if we never actually do anything?”
(A far more selfish and irrational part of him simply did not want to witness the reunion, to see John's wrath evaporate at the sight of his wife, the mother of his child, as Sherlock's role in his life is quickly displaced. Nevermind John's self-proclaimed wish to stay at Baker Street. Sentiment usually wins over. That's what Sherlock told himself.)
John chuckles. "You need to get out more, mate. Meet people."
Over dinner, it feels like they talk about everything and nothing: the ballet they've just seen, Sherlock's childhood days sneaking into ballet lessons when he was supposed to be with his nanny, the weather, John's rugby experiences, school, Redbeard (who Sherlock still misses terribly, if the weak smile and distant look in his eye when he came up is any indication).
Marco Roberto Alfonsi - aged 34, nephew of Lorenzo Alfonsi, the head of the Alfonsi Mafia family and underling of Moriarty - is currently lying asleep beside Sherlock, dead to the world. Exactly as planned.
“Trusted?”
"We were talking about the Yule Ball."
The string of pulls him further and further into the hospital, down corridors until he comes across an emergency surgery room. Perfect. A bit of entertainment, whether the mortal lives or dies. Perhaps he’ll go to dinner once the show is finished.
"No it's not. It's...intuition."
"That's quite brave of them." Mary said, who, apparently, had been watching Victor and Sherlock too.
John nodded, and they practically ran down the corridor to their dorms.
In short, everything was, if the word was not too hyperbolic, perfect.
John complied, pressing him gently against the wall. The kiss was soft and slow, relieving him of post-exam stress. He broke apart from him smiling. "What was that for?"
"Well, I don't need your charity. I'm fine with the way things are. And so is John."
“Don’t shout, love. Oh, you’re getting the shakes again. Here, we’ll get you inside and give you something for your...irritation.” Victor smiled, emphasising the last word with a wiggle of his eyebrows.
"Well, it was your polite charm that attracted me to you in the first place." Sherlock laughed at John's sarcasm.
Sherlock hung up first. He stared into empty space, blinking.
John stares blankly at the board game in front of him. "You're joking, right?"
"Don't get all sappy, I was the one who went out and got that for him."
"Sherlock," he murmured over King Duncan's monologue, touching his earpiece, "any news?"
“Did you ever ask her about it?” Sherlock asks.
“She didn’t even say goodbye or explain herself. We could have helped. We could have found a safe house or increased security or asked for more information on Moriarty to deal with the threat.” His head hurts with the burden of all the ways he could have prevented this, all the mistakes he made from the day he married her.
"So what happened? Who did it?"
“It is. Not as much of a big deal as the movies make it out to be, though.”
“Of course you do! You deserve one too. It’s just not a great time for me to be spending loads of money on jewellery from a 200 year old tradition.”
"No. Too many people."
There's a moment where Sherlock is considering his options, his eyes darting as though he can see the possible scenarios in front of him: if they get caught, if they don't get caught... John wishes he could say the same, but at this point, he's lost his ability to care. Any other day, he would be imagining if Mrs Watson came in early to wake them up to find them defiantly snuggled together, if Mr Watson saw them coming out of the same room over the top of his morning newspaper. Tonight, he does a little thinking as possible. Finally, he nods. "Alright, then. I'd like that."
“Fine.”
“I must say, my brother’s standards have lowered considerably if this is what he is hiring now,” Sherlock’s snappish voice interrupted John’s thoughts.
Sherlock presses his lips together and shakes his head. John winces at the question - he should have told them about it earlier, to make sure the topic wouldn't come up - and presses his knee against Sherlock's under the table. “No. No pets,” he says finally.
John looked up, stunned. He saw Sherlock look down at the table, biting his lip, and he softened. "Did the great Sherlock Holmes just say please?" He joked.
“Shut up. I’m hugging. We’re hugging now.” John giggles slightly. “Nothing bad will happen. Remember, regardless of whether she will remain your wife once she comes home, she can help us take down whatever the threat is. She has valuable information.”
"I'm not going." Sherlock said decidedly.
"Dull."
"Sorry, mum. We were just - "
"Besides, if you need someone who can understand you, I'm here. That's about all I can do in terms of a replacement- Wait. No. Not that you'd want a replacement Redbeard. He's irreplaceable, I know. That's not - ugh. Basically I'm saying - "
“Hnnng. No.”
"What?"
Mcgonagall gave them fifteen minutes to get ready, telling them that Janine would go first, with John going second and Moran going lady, then left the tent with the other teachers. As soon as she left, Mary and Sherlock came in.
"You know, there was no point in coming here. I assumed that we were broken up anyway."
A few days later, he prints off the photo and sticks it on a new page to mark the beginning of their new life together at 221b. It's selfish, but he hopes it lasts. He's not quite ready to face Mary just yet.
“But she’s dangerous! Certainly dangerous enough to warrant bloody MI6 agents being there. She shot you once. If you’re on your own without me there, she might do it again.”
"What - why - I'm so confused." John pinched the bridge of his nose. "Am I stupid?"
should.” He may not care much for such a trivial idea, but the man is clearly riled up enough by the insinuation to take a chance.
"A dragon?" John's eyes widened.
"Yes, but I can't make a career out of it."
Hopkins nodded. “Good. Thank you.”
“No, I don’t know.” Sherlock did. He absolutely did. He was smirking mischievously, knowing full well what John was tiptoeing around.
"It's not the fucking middle ages anymore! We hardly need to be encouraging increasing the population at this point."
Brilliant deductions as usual. (Also: hilarious height joke. Never heard that one before...) All correct, of course, so I don't think there's anything to correct. Except when you called it 'dull.' Breaking my collar bone is the most interesting thing that has happened to me in months. Slightly annoying and inconvenient, though. And of course there's only so much sympathy and  attention and free chocolates one can deal with...
“I didn’t mean to write it. It just sort of...happened. And I didn’t want to scare you off entirely just yet.”
"Come on, be realistic."
"Tell me what I might have to do, again." John asked them.
Molly feels her cheeks flush with pride. “Oh. Well, I - I sort of cheated a bit. Had a head start. I studied Twelfth Night in year nine so I know about the play and the character. If you had the same advantage - “
"So what else have you used it for?" Sometimes, Sherlock reminded John of a child at Christmas, eager and bright-eyed and constantly asking questions.
"Sherlock?"
John’s suspicion made itself clear in the pregnant pause that followed. He leaned over to turn the bedside lamp on, and hissed through his teeth when he saw Sherlock’s face and ribs in the bright light. “Oh, love.”
"But a morgue is so much more fun than a coffee house!"
"Oh. Oh! Hello, John."
"I'm saying that I'm choosing a dangerous career path and I'm going to be making a few enemies. I've already made one and because of that you got seriously hurt. I'm not willing to let that happen to you again. We'd be better off - "
John smiled then pressed his lips to Sherlock's, soft and slow, but conveying vividly everything they both needed to say.
“I see. I suppose I can understand the appeal of the custom,” Sherlock says carefully. “I’m Sherlock. And this is Redbeard.” He gestures down beside him, where John’s eyes fall and widen in surprise.
“The person you love.”
"Okay, final question. What would you do with the prize money if you won?"
The suspect is faster than either of them expected and runs for far longer than they are used to. John’s lungs burn and his legs burn in protest - it’s been months since his last proper chase around London - but above all that, he is grinning ecstatically at the welcome adrenaline that courses through him. Christ, he’s missed this
“Then don’t.” He turns to look at him, so sincere it hurts to look at. “Let me do this
"Oh! You're Sherlock!" Amy - a girl from John's physics and German classes. - grins up at Sherlock, who is considerably taller than her. "It's so nice to meet you, finally."
A tall man, whom John guessed to be the teacher, strolled out last. He wore a similar belt and fur-lined costume, except black. John couldn't quite see his face from where he was standing, but even at his distance he sensed where the other students gained their arrogance and strength from.
"I'm not gay." He'd responded, but he could not deny the way his voice faltered, his heart sped up anxiously, a mixture of fear and sadness washing over him. Irene had dismissed him with a laugh.
"Why don't you just tell all your minions to deal with it? This is a three at best," Sherlock had complained, stretched out dramatically on the sofa in his pyjamas and dressing gown, with his feet hanging off the end.
"Well, I'm sure if you asked, they'd let you tag along in that guy's interrogation - "
“I suppose,” Sherlock admits reluctantly as he sits down in front of a plate. He immediately reaches for the maple syrup and starts drizzling it over his pancake, as though there is a classier way of eating pancake and maple syrup.
"What do you mean?"
"No? Huh. Well, get on with the tour, then. And keep it down, you two. I'm watching the telly."
Sorry about the short chapter. Just a quick Sherlock POV to get me writing again. Hope you like it.
"So, do you have regrets about what might have been?" John asked as he stroked his thumb over Sherlock's bare arm. The other man in question was collapsed on top of John, his nose nuzzled into the crook of John's neck. His breathing had grown steadier now, verging on sleepy.
"I don't this time. Except that it sucks, what's happened, and I'm sorry it did."
John chuckles, “of course. Just keep her head supported and you’ll be fine.” John gently hands her over into Sherlock’s arms, and Sherlock emits a small gasp of surprise.
Sherlock turns his gaze, his glare wiped away, back to John, and he grins. "You are, aren't you."
"Okay, I get it." Sherlock grimaced, "I must have deleted it. It doesn't matter. Stop talking."
"Then the killer went for John," Molly filled in. Sherlock nodded silently.
His face softens, becomes frustratingly confused. “What?”
John followed Kiara into a small room with two seats and a table. They both sat down and the quill and notepad on the table sprang up, to John's surprised, poised and ready to write.
"What's going on, Mary?" Janine asked in French.
“Exactly. You’re injured, you’re hungry, and you’re dehydrated: your priority is clean water. Go from there.”
She smiled and kissed his cheek. "Au revoir, Jean. J'espère que tu te sens mieux."
"No, it wasn't." John exhales, then forces a smile. "At least that's another thing we can tick off tonight's to do list: my parents seeing you and not going completely insane."
He was generally ignored for most of the day. Or at least, people attempted to give the illusion that he was being ignored, them averting their eyes politely when Sherlock glared at them. Or rather, when his permanent glare was fired in their direction.
"Merlin, no. Sherlock and I have faced much more dangerous things on cases. One time the giant squid in the lake grabbed him and dragged him into the lake - I had to swim after him." John chuckled at the memory. "And once, for a case, we had a duel with this girl who had stolen pictures of... I can't say who, but it was a dangerous case. One of our favourites."
“Huh?”
“Have fun in France. I love you.”
After 10 minutes or so of waiting, John left, smiling in the same way he did when he was chosen. Sherlock wondered if John would ever leave cloud nine after today.
John caught up with Sherlock as they entered the block of flats the suicide-murder had taken place. It was completely abandoned, with no furniture and plastic covers covering dust coated banisters. The floor boards were creaking and a cold draught made its way through every corner of the house. Sherlock spotted how John couldn’t suppress a cold, nervous shiver as he put the blue protective suit and latex gloves on. Sherlock was already dashing up the stairs, having only bothered with the gloves. Scotland Yard trusted him enough to not contaminate the crime scene. His experience and pristine sense of hygiene was enough.
"I was trying my best not to wake you. You looked exhausted.”
“Bugger off. I’m not gay. I’m just... very, very drunk right now. And so are you. So I can say this here. That I’m - that I -" The word is stuck in the back of his throat.
read that in order to properly show my true support I should help you in your hour of need ie: coming out to your family. I should also show my commitment to our 'soulmate bond' by 'taking the next step' and meeting the other people in your life. Therefore I will visit your family. And if your parents would let me stay over, your friends.
“Yup. I guess it will be another few weeks of us staying at home and watching crap tv between cases.”
"Relax, only good stuff," Samantha says reassuringly - from John's maths and English class, and also Amy's soulmate. "You should hear him. He's like...Shakespeare when he talks about you. Or Petrarch."
I’m afraid the description murder, science, and depressing statistics covers most of my personality. However, you said you wanted to know about me, so I’ll indulge you. Sherlock is in fact a boy’s name, I only have one sibling whom I previously mentioned, I don’t want to work for the police but I’m not entirely sure what I will do with my life once my education ends, I play the violin and I have a dog. I’m fairly sure that covers the basics. If for some reason you want to know more feel free to ask questions.
"Everyone has their pressure points." Sherlock said softly.
"Vell, vhat's ze point of an exchange if the students can not have a glimpse of how ozer schools run?" He gave a cat-like grin as he looked down at Slughorn.
"I have wanted to. Some of the cases have been preventable. But there's only so much I can do on my own, isn't there? And,” John chuckled lightly, “I would be depriving you of your cases. I don't really want to do that to you and leave you in a sulk until the next one comes along."
"Git. Well, I can. Despite what you seem to think, Sherlock Holmes, you can be likeable."
"Good. Got it eventually. Coming right up."
I hope you’ve been well the past few days. I myself haven’t really been my best, to say the least. You probably knew that anyway – it hardly takes a psychologist or psychic or whoever deals with emotions to know it.
He would not remember complaining that the school's pedantic traditions wouldn't allow for a camera system so they could actually see what was saying, and his friends agreeing.
Pure fluff
"Charming," John replies as he brings over a cup of tea - black, two sugars, the same as his coffee - to Sherlock, who is sprawled dramatically on his sofa. "I didn't have to let you stay here. I could easily kick you out, you know."
"Oh, so do I. It makes you sulk."
"No, indeed you can't." Sherlock turned the object over in his hand, observing it, then twisted he blunt end off like a pen lid, to reveal a sharp, metallic spike hidden underneath, dripping with poison. He raised an eyebrow at the flautist, who turned pale, then quickly turned and fled, pushing past the other players. John ran after him, pursuing up the stairs and into the empty foyer. The man didn't stop, running into the street outside, not caring about the confused stares of passers-by. Fortunately, the criminal classes were rarely so physically fit that John couldn't catch up with them. In the next alley he ran down, John tackled the man to the ground, pressing his knee into his lower back to keep him down and grabbing his wrists behind his back.
“I’m talking to you right now, aren’t I? I could have hardly been run over and am now comatose in hospital - “
As Sherlock had just started walking away, Janine called out, "Mary is thinking of doing double study-sessions. Me, Mary, John, you."
He blinks. Stares. Sherlock definitely isn't joking. In fact, his face is pale, betraying a regret John is so familiar with. "What?"
"So I'm somewhere between shrill, posh female and stupid caveman?"
“Suitcase?!”
“Yeah, I figured. That’s why I came here with movies for you to actually relax tonight.”
"Yes, but the statistics for premature births in mothers her age - "
“You’re not going to deny it?” Greg grins.
"Right. Right." John nods slowly. "So now I have my sister's confidence in my hands as well as my parent's opinion of me. Huh."
John holds her as Mary sleeps, his finger clasped in the baby's tiny hand. Vaguely, in the back of his head, he recalls the information about newborns he learned in medical school, about how Baby Watson is very much average sized, but he still can’t help but wonder at just how small she is and just how big the world is compared to her. It’s his responsibility to protect her from it, and it’s a responsibility he will take with joy.
“So.”
John swallowed, then nodded. "Okay. Fine. Whatever you feel. It's all fine." He got up to leave, but Sherlock grabbed his wrist, staring intently into John's eyes. John sat back down immediately.
He then thought of the boy Sherlock was now (dating?) hanging around with - Victor. The handsome one. The one who put his hand on top of Sherlock's everyday and kissed his cheek when they greeted each other and said goodbye. The one who made Sherlock blush and stammer around John if Victor was there. The one who made John's fist clench by attempting to kiss Sherlock on the lips (though Sherlock turned away) right in front of him, as John gritted his teeth to suppress his urge to punch the guy in his god-damn perfect face and spit 'back off, he's mine', even though he was still with Mary. Wait. Yes. He had Mary, and Sherlock had Victor. Victor, who wasn't offended or freaked out in the slightest by Sherlock's deductions and was even quite funny, as John had suppressed a smile - purely out of pride - at one of Victor's broken-English jokes. They were the ones made for each other. And Victor too would probably look good in dressrobes, the bastard.
He reached for the violin in his case - unfortunately not the Stradivarius he'd wanted since he was 10, as it was 'too expensive' and 'not easy to obtain', but still very good - and plucked at the strings systematically. Already in tune. Good.
With one final touch of his fingers to the top of the headstone, he walks away.
“You wouldn’t dare.”
He knew he was possibly even breaking the law.
"You're blushing," John observes, which causes the faint pink hue to deepen on the man's cheekbones.
Sherlock changes the rules of his experiment slightly for their twelfth session by letting them drink as a celebration of the one month anniversary of the start of his experimenting on John. The scrabble round turns into rude-word scrabble, leaving them both giggling like twelve-year-old boys, leaning in their chairs with their knees touching. Drunk Sherlock is giddy and relaxed, friendly and almost flirtatious as he looks at John through his eyelashes, smiles and sips his whisky. He forgets to write any of the results down, so the meeting is left redundant, but when John looks back, hungover at his shift but still grinning at the memory, he can't bring himself to regret it.
"There," he says. "Mine and Rosie's first day at Baker Street. I think that's something worth remembering."
I got loads of questions from my parents and sister too. Don't worry, I left out all the illegal things as well. My mum and sister approve and are very excited to meet you too, though my sister has been teasing me quite a bit. Mum says she's just jealous because she won't get to write to her soulmate for over a year. My dad isn't so keen on the idea that my soulmate is a) a boy, b) able to deduce someone's life story just from their handwriting or their face and c) (shock! Horror!) likes ballet, but that's not important. His opinion doesn't matter. Still, if you do decide to meet my family at some point, don't be put off by my dad. He may be a bit of a dickhead but he knows how to behave in front of guests. Tell your parents I would love to meet them too. They sound really nice and I'm dead curious to find out who the parents of the great Sherlock Holmes are. Besides, I'd like to come over to Sussex next time we meet, if that's alright, and it will probably be difficult to avoid your family if I do. Village gossip spreads fast, right? And don't worry about your brother - I'm pretty sure I can handle the 'if you break his heart I break your legs' talk, if that's what you mean by 'cross-examine'.
He's fairly sure he didn't shoot his own.
Both of those instructions sound terrifying, but he’s never been good at saying no to John. He nods and sits down beside him, deciding is flight or fight instinct can wait for now.
told me to," John retorts. "I never really forgave her. She shot you, for Christ's sake. How could I have - what was it? Mutual respect or affection after that."
“Cheers.”
"Do you like Mary?"
“You’re two thousand years too late. Besides, I’m far too busy for guests. People are dying by the millions, these days. Honestly, is there no one in charge of population control?”
"Old jumper. Old phone. Bags under your eyes. Jumpy at loud noises. Financial stress and sleep deprivation caused by PTSD. Obvious."
"I'd like to see him."
At the sound of Sherlock's baritone voice snapping him back to reality, John’s glare softened into a warm smile, and his grip relaxed. “Sherlock. You’re home.”
John whips around at the sound of the familiar baritone voice, now clear and no longer distorted by the telephone, and then there he is. Sherlock Holmes himself, standing in front of him.
Ten million pounds. That's the value of his life now, Sherlock realises with a sickening flip of his stomach. Ten million pounds, an easy escape from suburban domesticity, and John and Rosie all to herself, in exchange for Sherlock's life. And this was the value that John rejected. Despite all reasoning, he chose Sherlock and, as always, ended up paying the price for it.
“Oh, nice to see you too,” John replies sardonically, putting all his energy into looking affronted, staring defiantly back at Sherlock’s eyes rather than slightly turned on and letting his gaze drop to his lips, which are only a few centimetres away. “Can you let me go now?"
"I'm very good. I simply dislike working in ensembles and orchestras. There's always an idiot who can't pay attention and holds everyone up. Frankly, that's normally a trumpet player."
"It would most likely be a man."
“Waiting,” he replies and clears his throat. “He runs marathons. There’s no way we could out run him, so we’ve taken a shortcut. If I’ve estimated correctly, he should be along in a couple of minutes.”
Your friend, John.
"Did they kick you out too?"
"Excellent," Sherlock grinned, then from under the table between them he drew out a brightly coloured cardboard box and opened it. "We'll start with Operation."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock sighs as he handed over the money. “Worth a shot,” he muttered. “So are we meeting your parents after this?”
Sherlock’s turns fully in his chair to face John, his eyes round and his forehead furrowed. “You think so?”
The next chapter will come quickly - it's an epilogue I've had drafted for ages if you guys are interested in that.
"Not a big fan of ties, then?"
“With what? With me?”
"So that's why you two were matched."
"Beneficial?" John huffed out a small, humourless laugh. "It's our NEWT year, Sherlock, of course it's beneficial."
“Ah, yes. Carnations. Dianthus caryophyllus.” Sherlock smiles wistfully, staring at the fire. “They’re pretty, aren’t they?”
"He'll be fine. Wherever he is. And you'll do fine in your exams."
Home? Ah, yes. The bedsit. The longer John stays here, the more uninviting his bedsit becomes. He sighs and stands up, picking up his cane and his coat. "Alright. Thanks for all this. It's been fun."
"Not for me, and definitely not for you either. What did you get - three, four hours of sleep yesterday between shifts? Seems rather hypocritical to me."
“Mike, Gilbert, please-“
“Oh,” Sherlock made sure his response was as snide as he could muster, “and what would have you of done in that instance?”
, “Does it matter if that
face it was all so
. The boy offered him solace from the comings and goings of the rest of the world; he’d dragged Sherlock away to the Quidditch Pitch and let them enter their own world where they were flying high above everything else- even if their feet were planted firmly on the grass. Never before had Sherlock felt such a lack of judgement. The months of mentoring that had transpired between them were infinitely better than any relationship he had encountered to date; the lax jokes and witty comments were all that they needed to fill the void that each of them dragged around daily. But what if he wanted more-
Sherlock began to fear that Watson wasn’t going to show up after he had been lingering on the outskirts of the Quidditch Pitch for half an hour. He wasn’t complaining, it had given him long enough time to smoke his cigarette all the way down to the filter and watch the ash dribble into the evening wind, however, Watson was the (reluctant) best of a bad bunch and it would be a thorn in his side to have to find a new coach. These thoughts were soon quelled when his eyes landed on a mop of blond hair making its way towards him in the last of the sunlight.
“No,” John chuckled, “You only need him to fuel your petty motivations.”
I wanted to talk to you about your relationship,” he quirked a brow, “If you’ve ever heard of me, you should know-“
won’t care. Do you have
different broom and these
“Who knew the infamous Sherlock Holmes would be such a baby?” Watson dropped himself onto the grass beside him, “Anyway, I never did get around to asking you- why did you want me to teach you how to play?”
“Why doesn’t he fight back?” Sherlock questioned more to himself than the boy beside him, rolling his tongue between his teeth. “What’s preventing him?”
“Sherlock,” John whispered in a sickeningly low tone, “Sherlock, what are we doing here?”
“Unfortunates,” she scoffed, sending a poisonous glare in his direction, “That little fucker is anything but an
for you to be bisexual and it’s not okay for you to have to hide who you are because of Harry…but you don’t…now.”
, John had told him,
“Hello, yes, it is in fact, morning. You are the Captain-“
- and that…well, fuck it. I am who I am and I’ve known it for a long time. I can't promise that all of, whatever internalized stuff I've got going on in my head will go away immediately, but, I want to change,” he finally stopped to inhale deeply, “So thank you, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock attempted to make a run for it, releasing his grip on John’s shoulders and retreating back into the shrubbery only to realize his fatal mistake.
. Oh, if Mummy could see him now. When the game began, Sherlock was immediately glued to his binoculars, tracing every turn that John made- it wasn’t easy between the speed and the overwhelming amount of red and gold on the pitch, but he’d studied those tufts of blond long enough to find them amongst the rabble.
“Does it matter?”
“Sherlock Holmes,” John’s voice rang out with newfound clarity, “For Merlin’s sake, if you could stop being so dramatic and just look up I’d like to make a point.”
After that, they closed the door, leaving him stood alone in the January frost.
,” John’s voice was slight in a way that Sherlock had never heard prior to the current, a sample of the previous danger that had lingered in his comrades' eyes during the match a few weeks ago. He lacked all of the obvious anger that his sister, Harry, was wearing on her sleeve, yet his tone radiated a much darker force that put the pair at unmistakable odds. Grady slid in beside Sherlock, breaking him from his thoughts as John descended towards his family.
of the key points. One look was enough to tell him that it was so much more than a simple dislike,
; while stood next to John she thinks she’ll never be seen as anything but a failure.
“Bisexual. Obviously.”
“John,
There were no words that he could use to respond to that. Sherlock had studied and learned and calculated for every year of his life, it was all he had ever done and yet nothing he had ever read could prepare him for the blow that the question delivered to his stomach.
“It’s settled then,” Sherlock finished, overall, pleased with the result regardless of how agonizing it was to extract it.
With that, he packed up his things and left. Quidditch had given him much more to think about than he had bargained for, not that he was complaining. He loved a puzzle and he decided that this one was certainly not going to disappoint.
“Fan club- no-
“I know, he feels the same way about you,” he lit a cigarette and drew it to his lips once he saw the last student disappear back into the walls, hesitantly offering one to the girl lingering with an air of nervousness next to him. She took it without any hesitation in return, mumbling a quiet
“I don’t love him. I don’t care about him. I should, but I don’t.”
Watson barely said a word when they reached the pitch, only fumbling with the supply closet and pulling out his own broom, a second-hand Nimbus 1700 given to him by his teammate
That brought a smile to the other boy’s rosy cheeks, something he didn’t think he should be so proud of,
“You’re ready to go, yeah?” Watson’s hoarse voice broke the silence between the two of them.
,” he warned in a way that could only be playful, “I’m going to say meaningful things now, so listen. I was angry at you, yes, I was furious that you had revealed something about me that I wasn’t, maybe that I'm
“Not in the slightest.”
At 3 o’clock, he waited at the Quidditch pitch in a futile attempt to try and catch John at pre-dinner practice. As he thought, futile. There was no sign of the other boy as the Gryffindor team filed into their changing rooms, the only two players to pay him any mind being Mike and Giles- and the look that they gave him was positively poisonous.
“I told her you were bisexual, John.”
He couldn’t help but wonder if Mycroft had made their bet with other intentions in mind.
Nearly everything was silent after that, even when Madam Pince finally located them, no doubt hollering the place to the ground at them for placing a footstep where they shouldn’t be. But none of that mattered, he was blind to everything but the moments of the boy opposite him, he found himself deaf to anything to but the heated string of breaths leaving John’s lips. The way John brushed against his body as he forced his way out of the shelves felt like a dozen hot pokers scalding his skin.
in the tailwind behind his broom. He was not in a good mood. Had it been any worse, he might have done something about the incessant muttering that rang out from John’s mouth that utterly failed to be discreet.
,” John’s snapped out through gritted teeth, reaching forward to grab Sherlock’s robes and slowly tipping out of the open window.
. That, however, was no concern of Sherlock’s; he was here for one purpose and one purpose only. He tried to ignore the, quite frankly, disturbed look that seemed to be carved into the other boy’s face and instead cleared his throat and began with purpose,
“Yeah, hate to break it to you but you got to that one already.”
“What are you doing, Watson?” He found himself grumbling, “I thought you were going to teach me how to play Quidditch-“
pair of joggers and a worn
“Ah,” John fake gasped with an all-too-amused grin, “Sibling Rivalry, I see. Would I know who he is?”
“Ah, Watson, where would we be without our petty motivations?”
of John Watson leaning casually in the now open window above his head, backlight with the flickering golden light of the candles inside. There was a lopsided smirk on his, unfortunately, battered face, staring down at Sherlock with a look of pure amusement. Underneath his nose, there were still faint traces of the blood that had been split and there was a faint red slice over the top of his forehead from where Harry had cut him with the smashed plate. Despite all his injuries, he still managed to look incredible.
“NO, IT’S NOT!” The shout echoed around the entire library, sure to bring the hindrance of Madam Pince in easily less than 40 seconds, “It’s not okay, Sherlock,” his words began to slur, “How could you? How could you do this to me? After all I helped you with and you-“
must know-“
“Mister Watson, I understand that things have been difficult for you at the moment-“
Ignoring the look Madam Pince threw in his direction, he burst into the library at a speed he hadn’t quite accounted for. It didn’t take long to spot the burst of red and gold lounging in the corner, all of them spinning quills between their fingers with lazy smiles on their faces, flirting with girls and just generally getting no work done. John was sandwiched between Gerald and another vaguely familiar face, Mike Stamford, one of the more palatable Gryffindors. He had offered his notes to Sherlock after he had missed the first half of Potions once- it was one of the nicest things anyone had done for him until John. The rest were absolute cretins, assholes and their girlfriends that he could see that John only hung out with out of Quidditch obligation, Gibson and Stamford too.
It wasn’t until they reach the lake and they paused to watch the Giant Squid blow bubbles, all of them staggering to the surface, that she finally opened her mouth to drawl out deadened words,
“Yes, that’d be the one.”
“I thought it was obvious.”
Sherlock’s glare quickly found its way from playful to accusatory,
“Merlin,” John wheezed, a face that could only be compared the colour of a tomato, “Remind me not to mess with you.”
. I need you to teach me how to play Quidditch.”
For a while, all they seemed to do was traipse next to each other in heavy silence, not that he minded, he was perfectly happy to reap the rewards of uncomfortable stillness. Without even casting an eye in her direction, he could see the way the cogs whirring within her mind, the tension building in her posture- she was trying to calculate what to say and by doing that, she was working herself into a state. Lucky him.
Despite being prideful to a point of arrogance, Sherlock knew when to give people (ones he cared about anyway) a few seconds to regain their composure; he concluded that this was probably one of those situations. He waited exactly 120 seconds before he turned the corner to meet his counterparts eyes, relived to see that the punch had seemingly drained at least some anger from his features. However, there was an unmistakable fire to his eyes that burned cold from even a distance away and upon close inspection there was a vibrant bruising dancing across his knuckles.
him and that meant that
He had to admit, it was refreshing to see the Firebolt that he used so frequently to be put to semi-professional use. For what he lacked in intelligence, George made up for in athletic talent. It was clear that John was the one with any form of recognizable brain cells, but they played together like a well-oiled machine that could manage to communicate with the slightest of twitches and nods.
In spite of his subpar equipment, John Watson was marvel once he hit the skies. It was as though he was born to be there. The build of broom made no difference once he began cutting through the wind accelerating at breakneck speed as fast as any Seeker-
Watson furrowed his brows, making a few miscellaneous hand gestures to convey his frankly infantile confusion before stuttering out a few breaths and an exasperated,
Team and house alike were holding John Watson on their shoulders, screaming in deafeningly loud chants. It was as if the whole stadium was alive and the boy sat above their heads was some shoddy makeshift heart. When he peered through his binoculars, Sherlock was almost alarmed to see the flames that licked behind John’s eyes. There was happiness, yes- but there was also an unrivaled sense of ferocity that bordered on animalistic, it was chilling, even for someone like himself. He seemed hot to the touch; there was a smile on his face that only made his blackened pupils scream louder. He looked practically insatiable, a fanatical beast. It was the first time that Sherlock had ever associated a certain word with this particular specimen-
“I don’t need my brother to fight my battles for me.”
“Oh, god,” she groaned with malice, head snapping up to bring blue eyes that perfectly mimicked those of her brothers to meet his own, “Don’t tell me your part of his little fan club.”
“I would prefer not to think about any discussions regarding me and that…twerp,” he paused to cough and tug on his collar, “Now, if we could finally just get on with what I’m here for and stop wasting my precious time I’d be
Speaking of John, his rage seemed to run just as hot. His whole life he’s been the victim of bullying at the hands of his sister, often forced to take the fall for her major destructive habits throughout their childhood,
Unsurprisingly, they had been escorted to opposite ends of the Medical Wing with teachers placed at almost every available opening. Even from outside he could hear the sound of Professor McGonagall inflicting her wrath on who he presumed to be Harry based on the content of the roars. One deduction later and he was slinking his way around the enclosed garden just outside of the back end of the wing, pushing through various different ice-slicked leaves and jamming his heels into the thick, frozen dirt in a desperate attempt to find the almost invisible slit between the stones of the castle, located somewhere in the area beneath a swooping window. He was quickly thankful that it was dark in the evening as his eyes spotted the slither of light bleeding out over his shoelaces and crouched down as close to the opening as he could.
“Just hold on a minute it’s not as simple as-“
He immediately began to settle once students began to pour out of their respective rooms, most preferring to travel in hoards and cliques, flooding the halls all at once with their ceaseless rattling. It never failed to amaze him how in a matter of seconds serene peace could transform into a rabble of discontentment, forcing its way into his mind and dragging it away from all the important things that required his instantaneous attention.
Dinner. That was when things really came to a head. The moment that he, and he was sure John, had been dreading ever since that morning.
The most unsettling thing for Sherlock was that, for all he was worth, he couldn’t quite understand why he was putting himself on the line for John Watson. Sure, the boy had offered him kindness and support which was a rarity in the life of either Holmes brother during their collective time at Hogwarts, but it was more than that. He’d come to treasure his time with Watson.
“Depends. Do you want to go out with me?” John’s eyes were fires, burning in the night. Sherlock could see now that they didn’t have to be the raging flame the he had seen on the Quidditch pitch that time, or the inferno that they grew into when Harry was involved- they could be soft flames that licked the blue of his irises and brought nothing but warmth to anyone that caught his glance.
“Not particularly but-“
. I outed you and gave your sister access to information that I’m now sure you probably never intended for her to know and if you don’t want to forgive me, I understand. But I want to tell you, if I could go back and change things- I wouldn’t.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that. You obviously don’t excel in the deductions department, best not apply for a job at the Ministry,” he said, pulling the cigarette from his lips and stomping it beneath his boot, “He’s got remarkably low self-esteem for somebody as talented as he is, and even so he’s not perfect. Not even if your parents book. No, I’m afraid he too can hit the Firewhiskey after a particularly long day, not as bad as you of course, but still. Parents wouldn’t approve of that, now would they? And of course, there’s the sexuality, surely you have to have bonded over that at some point- I mean I know they’re not exactly the same, bisexual and a lesbian but-“
“Wait,” Sherlock paused, “Did you just ask me out?”
“It really isn’t hard to figure out. Even for you.”
“No bother,” Sherlock sniffed, “I needed a day off anyway and my legs are absolutely killing me.”
“No…” John’s voice trailed off almost meekly before gaining some form of strength, “No, you don’t understand.”
John Watson had promised to be interesting and he certainly had pulled through.
Their lips connected again-
Everything after that had been a blur, not that much different from the rest of the evening in total honesty. People had immediately flooded the pitch, if the cheers had been deafening during the game there was no hope now; everybody seemed to have gone downright rabid. It was ridiculous. They were all so dull in the way they swarmed around the victors- yet when his eyes fell on a certain figure he began to empathize with their excitement.
He watched with scrutiny as Watson strolled past him with an air of ease, pulling a key from within his pocket that could clearly be used to open the Gryffindor supply room;
…wasn’t supposed to know.”
“An accident,” he scoffed, an almost deranged smile pulling at his lips, “What kind of fucking accident- Oh Merlin, she’s going to tell mum and mum’s going to tell dad and-“
about what people thought, chances are he hadn’t told the rest of his little posse about he and Sherlock’s
“Not quick enough! I’ll fucking calm it when you give me a good damn reason for-“
He watched the mop of blond rush out of the library and it took no deduction to see that there were tears pouring down his face.
With that, Sherlock left John Watson gaping outside the Gryffindor Common Room with a smear of chocolate over his chin.
Perhaps John Watson was much more interesting than anyone had given him credit for.
He was frozen. There was nothing he could do the stop the hastily expanding murkiness in his stomach, his eyes were locked onto the grass in front of him. He’d made a miscalculation and of course, it was going to cost him everything.
“Sherlock,” John’s tone had faded from angry to slightly more bemused, sounding slightly further away than before, “I don’t think that’s how this works.”
“Do you think that maybe we should talk about this somewhere else?”
And so at three o’clock sharp he found himself in the Ravenclaw stands as close to the back as possible, with a pair of engraved binoculars hanging around his neck. The game kicked off exactly as planned; he’d found that his heart leaped in anticipation as the teams stood in lines post-warm up. Merlin, he was really losing it- he was enjoying
It was only when he was making his way from Arithmancy slightly early (he finished the work and his professors had long since stopped trying to prevent him from leaving class) that he stumbled upon something that he was quite sure he wasn’t supposed to. He was a Ravenclaw for a reason, and despite what most would consider ‘better judgement’, he paused around the corner with the intent of listening in on whatever interesting conversation was going on between a student and a teacher, he assumed. There was no such thing as too much knowledge.
“Right, Mister Watson, I never thought I would be talking to you of all people- Mister Watson,
“What do you mean, ‘here we go again’?” Sherlock snipped in response, partial wicked curiosity and partial genuine concern for the boy now receiving quite the lecture beneath them.
, Sherlock thought as he tore himself from his bench, quickly following in the direction in which John had been pulled, ignoring the shouts of Mike and Gabriel behind him.
“Listen, it’s fine, they’re just-“
,” Was the only response he got, practically picturing the incredulous look on the other boy’s face, “Sherlock, what are you doing? Just fuck off-“
“No, Sherlock, you need to tilt the broom forward when you’re going down. Your body weight isn’t enough, it needs direction. Greg, go back up to the top.”
The whole school was in a state of permanent hustle and bustle on the day of the Gryffindor versus Hufflepuff match, classes were ending early and players were cheered on as they left their morning classes in order to prepare for the afternoon take off. In years previous, Sherlock would have rolled his eyes at such antics and carried on working through the jostle on his daily life, yet, with the new addition of John Watson he couldn’t help the slightest taste of excitement on his tongue. For the first time, he had been formally invited to a game and damn him if he wasn’t going to go.
At that point, John got caught up in conversation with Mike Stamford, so the conversation stopped there. Sherlock frowned into his plate, then took another bite, hoping slightly that John would see.
Thanks for the compliment I guess. I know it's not the most flattering photo of me, but it's the most recent one I've got. Everything else seemed outdated and would give the impression your soulmate looks like a short, spotty fourteen year old.
He looked around the lab with a half hearted chuckle. “Bit different from my day.”
Sherlock
"No." John answered. "I'm terrified."
Whole Latte Love
He stops counting after that.
John unlocks the door to his flat, which goes instantly into the living room. “Sorry, it's a bit of a mess. We haven’t really had time to tidy up,” he says, scratching the back of his neck as he blushes, looking around at the glasses and bottles and plates from last night's meal scattered around the small room.
The running water stopped, and within a minute John was out of the bathroom, a towel wrapped around his waist and traces of shampoo lather left un-rinsed from his shoulders and hair. “You want me to come?”
Though I appreciate the thought, I'd rather you didn't get arrested for punching all my classmates and teachers and extended family in succession.
"Not that I know of. She knows that you and John are pretty attached, though. She can't quite trust the two of you yet. Understandable, though. If my boyfriend back home acted around his best friend the way John does with you - "
"I'm not repressing - "
But Mary was staying over at the Watsons'. She was meeting the family, having dinner and... sharing a room with John.
I look forward to hearing from you again. If you want to talk about dates you're free to meet, then I'd be happy to hear some. If you want to save it until later, when we're less busy with fixed collarbones and not in mourning, that's fine too.
Great job, Watson, he thought bitterly to himself as he chugged back the last of his drink. Of course he wanted to fix this. Why would he give up on a chance with the strangest, most beautiful man he’d ever met over a simple matter such as a conversation got wrong
“Well, I like it. It’s authentic.”
"Fine." John picks up a utensil and goes for the wishbone in the cartoon patient's chest. "It's a shame, you know. I think quite a few people would be very happy to get to know you, even if you don't want to know them. You're brilliant."
He watches transfixed as the train pulls away, his lips tingling still from Sherlock's lips on his.
"You'll be getting a lot of attention."
Harry: Picture this: a closeted bisexual man, separated from his twin sister in a storm, shipwrecked on a strange land, alone and isolated, except for his rescuer, a gorgeous and mysterious and brilliant man who happens to be a pirate
"Exactly. Relax."
“Well, then Rosie can -“ John cuts off at Sherlock’s raised eyebrow and sighs. “Yeah, I guess Rosie can’t come with us.”
and everything -” the two of them giggle like schoolboys at the idea, “- and you still don’t want to shag her, you’d have to be pretty gay.”
A cheesy epilogue so I can move on to other WIPs in good conscience
"What is the plan?" Alissia asked.
“Michael Bloom, is it?” Sherlock asks, in a tone that suggests he definitely does not need an answer. “You’re under arrest for the robbery of - “
"Interesting." Sherlock said, in the least interested voice. "John, if you've finished, we should go to the library quickly and finish Fantastic Beasts."
Flitwick went through a list of 100 students: from 'Abyss, Michael' (ravenclaw- Sherlock didn't respond as enthusiastically as his fellow housemates when the boy sat down at their table), to 'Gregson, Violet' (Hufflepuff), to 'Williams, Daniel,' (slytherin). Eventually the list ended and Professor Mcgonagall - a woman of around eighty- stood up. The noise dimmed.
"You wouldn't have had to if you were actually in school," Sherlock heard John respond, only semi-joking. He pulled back from the hug. "I have questions, you know, and no one's told me a thing."
“Get in my wardrobe with me. It’s difficult to explain. Please, just do it?” John opened the door and stepped inside himself. After pausing for a moment, considering his options, Sherlock, to John’s relief, stepped inside with him, shutting the door behind him. They were in complete darkness, then, pressed between the walls and each other. John ignored the tightness of his collar and the stifling, hot air that surrounded them.
John would nod and pull him back by the collar so their lips met, making most of the free time they had been given before the next lesson.
The Beuxbatons all walked out with a similar atmosphere of sophistication, superiority and elegance. They climbed out of the carriage, heads held high and John was surprised that not one of them tripped up or did anything other than graceful. Unlike the Durmstrangs, they all wore clothes suited to much warmer weather than the current state. It was bright blue, silk-like material - boys wearing black trousers and waistcoats with a blue shirt, while girls wore blue dresses - which John would have envied if it weren't for the fact that all of them were shivering. And he probably would have looked like a prat in that colour.
Silence came in response. John continued nonetheless, speaking softly.
"Pick up three unless you have a two or a three."
“Brilliant.”
“It never was, really.”
Does he feel the same way?
Victor. So Bar Bloke has a name now.  John shook his head. “I don’t work for your brother.”
"Really?"
Sherlock considers running inside the building for shelter, but that would mean missing John's arrival, which could lead to John thinking Sherlock had abandoned him, which definitely will not do at all. Sherlock imagines the look of disappointment on John's face, the worry at being in a strange new place without anyone there to guide him, him thinking that Sherlock doesn't care, deciding that he's not worth the time anyway, and hopping back on the next train to London and never talking to Sherlock again. With a shake of his head, he decides he can stand a bit of cold and damp in order to avoid this completely ludicrous scenario.
John shook his head. "Nothing can be done, Sherlock. I'm alive, I suppose." John forced a small smile, an attempt at comfort. "You solved it though. That should help, right?"
“Good. That’s good. Mildly disappointing that you’re not on the train here but your safety comes first.”
As the summer turns cool and the leaves turn dry and brown, Mary remains a constant, standing by his side even when he wakes her up with night terrors, letting her eyes glass over in sympathy when he brings Sherlock up of his own accord without her prompting, jovially saying 'whatever you like!' whenever John asks what they wanted to do for date night every Saturday. She is warm and inviting and as predictable as the sun's rotations. (No - Earth's rotations. Dear God, Sherlock is probably laughing in his grave.)
"We'll make a fine animagus out of you yet, Alissia. With a bit of practice, your transformations will come as naturally to you as your normal wand magic."
“Bastard.”
"You did perfectly," John replies, shooting a quick smile his way. "They like you."
“And this isn’t just the result of you being highly emotional all day or a subconscious way of rebelling against your parents’ disapproval or teenage hormones or the influence of alcohol or something?”
Sherlock sniffed, aggressively wiping tears from his cheek. "What's to be sorry about? You didn't kill him."
John was fairly sure that this was the most beautiful man he'd ever seen in his life, and the sign from the universe he needed to stay in the club. He leaned across so that the man could hear him properly, then spoke, half yelling:
"With Janine."
"I will, I promise. Just...not until after. Please?"
Sherlock scoffed. “Who the hell has a typewriter nowadays?”
But I will continue writing this, if you want it. I'll probably get back into it. And I have a plan: don't worry, this will end happily.
"Ah, you're both awake," a familiar sarcastic female voice said, "have a good nap, sleeping beauties?"
John trails off and Sherlock lifts an eyebrow, a cue for him to continue.
“Don’t worry, it’s all part of my cunning plan,” John winks as he unpacked the food.
“Wrong play, mate. Also, what the hell are you talking about?”
19:44 Forget it. What’s done is done. We’re starting a new chapter soon.
"Yes. You don't have to keep reassuring me. I'm not a child. I don't need pity."
"He solved a robbery a few months ago," John said proudly.
“Yup,” John replies as he makes Sherlock’s coffee. “I mean, we could stall for a bit, if you want to. Walk around. Talk. Relax.”
"It's not like Gryffindor common room is right next door, is it?" John snapped, before cringing regretfully. "Sorry. Sit up?"
With that, Sherlock dashes out of the flat and heads downstairs. John sits there for a moment, stunned into silence, then breathes out, "damn it!”
“You heard me.”
John's flared with anger. "They - let him leave?"
Sherlock scoffed. "'Services'. Fine. How about, eight hours tonight, and then I tip you generously tonight instead of sleeping two nights in a row. See? If it's a tip, it's not charity."
"Do we have the authority to do that?"
"Nope. No. No buts. You can break up with me if you don't like me any more. If you honestly think we /both/ will be better off without the other. But not because of some stupid hero complex you have." John stroked back a lock of Sherlock's hair. "Is that a reason why you didn't want to go to school? So we wouldn't have to be together?"
John watches as Sherlock stares at the phone, a frown forming. He then suddenly turns pale, his lips parted in a small ‘oh.’ “John,” he murmurs, handing the phone over.. “I have a hypothesis I would like you to confirm.”
"Well, it's wonderful that John has such a nice friend," Mrs Watson says cheerfully. Sherlock glances in John's direction.
Sherlock rolls his eyes as a grin appears. “Excellent deduction. However did you come by such a conclusion?”
"Terry, do you think you could leave some room for John and his friend?" John can't help but wince at the last word, silently correcting it in his mind: Soulmate, soulmate, soulmate... Mr Watson sits up with an exaggerated groan, but his legs remain obnoxiously spread out.
"You practically are, though." Sherlock glared at Janine, and she quickly back-pedalled. "Well, maybe not. But still..."
But the thing is, Redbeard had to eat while he was away. He was clever enough to know to look for food, but not clever enough to know what was food and what was dangerous to eat, namely a dead battery, most likely. And it's because of that I'm here. At the vets. Waiting for the vet to come out and tell us what's going to happen to him.
He watches the plane take off with a hollow weight in his stomach and a lump in his throat. Six months, he reminds himself. Six months and Sherlock can come back if Mycroft's estimation is right. But god, how long that seems. Six months without cases or chases through London. Six months of his daughter's life that Sherlock won't be a part of. How many of the baby's milestones will Sherlock miss? First laugh? First crawl?
. Yet again.) and warily watches the lines of the monitor rise and fall with his heart rate. He hates her as he dresses Sherlock's wound, covers the angry bullet wound with clean bandages and resists the urge to kiss it and apologise profusely
“Yeah, fine,” John replies. “Just...thinking.”
“...”
“Good thing I bought them months ago, then.”
“We’re leaving first thing tomorrow morning, and I wanted to get a head start and be organised.”
John sat there staring at Sherlock for a second, before he leant over to kiss him. Properly. Sherlock, though he went rigid at first in surprise, soon relaxed and arm travelled to John's shoulders, pulling him closer. John's hands in response rested, one  at Sherlock's waist, the other in Sherlock's hair, the way he had imagined for the last year or so.
John grins, looking forward to going home. “Alright. Michael, think you can wait there for a bit?”
“You’ve abandoned dates in the past for far less,” Sherlock points out, making John chuckle at the memories, easing his guilt slightly. “You’re allowed to have interests outside of parenting and work, you know.”
Before I forget, deleting is essentially purposely forgetting things to make room for better, more useful information. Like on a computer. I'd have thought that was obvious from the context, but perhaps not.
"You alright there?" John asked as he stepped out, watching the (rather dramatic) display with a slightly amused smirk. "Need a bucket?"
The next few weeks pass like clockwork as both John and Mary get used to the regular irregularity of taking care of a child. They alternate who wakes up in the night to feed her, who goes to work in the morning, who watches her during the day, with the system only interrupted for the christening, which was rather enjoyable. John got to watch Sherlock vow to protect satan while he repressed the urge to roll his eyes in disgust, and Rosie vomited on the vicar. A good day, all in all.
"Yes."
"It's on the memory stick I gave you. For whatever reason, you chose not to read it."
"I got your picture, by the way."
He crawled over to Mycroft, he heard himself call his name over and over, shaking his shoulders only to be met with nothing.
"Exactly. So once I came to this conclusion, I went through each of their contacts, looked for a shared phone number, texted it pretending it was one of his victims back from the dead to damn his soul or whatever, and now we wait."
"No need to panic, though. You'll do fine... Why aren't you eating?"
He felt a hand on his shoulder. "Good luck, Watson." He heard Mcgonagall say. He turned to look up at her.
Maybe she’s sulking after our fight, John thinks, and then decides to get up when the continued crying becomes too much for him to bare.
"It felt..." Surreal. Terrifying. Pressuring. Relieving. "Fantastic. I honestly couldn't believe it. I definitely don't regret putting my name in."
"For heavens' sake, John, what?"
"Try."
"Seeing as this is our last full day together before September, I was wondering if we could just spend it here."
"Yeah. She asked outright, so I told her. I trust her not to tell anyone until I'm ready to tell them."
Professor Slughorn made his way around the classroom, observing potions, smelling them, then occasionally nodding in satisfaction or shaking his head, disappointed. At Anderson's cauldron he shook his head and Anderson scowled, muttering under his breath when Slughorn left. John discreetly smirked at this. At Sherlock's cauldron the man nodded and congratulated Sherlock on a job well done. John didn't expect any less. Then he went to Molly's cauldron. Potions, John knew, was not Molly's speciality. In fact it was the only lesson which she neither enjoyed or was good at - unlike herbology or charms, which she excelled at. So as Slughorn carefully inspected Molly's potion, and Molly anxiously chewed on her lower lips, glancing at her friend for some form of comfort, John watched intently, nervous for her. When he saw that Molly had passed, by the way she grinned and hugged her friend excitedly, he smiled and let out a breath he hadn't realised he had been holding.
And the term 'boyfriend', though nice, seemed odd. In his mind, referring to John as his 'boyfriend' didn't come entirely naturally at first, as he had spent so long seeing him as his best friend and object of his (then) unrequited love.
"Says doctors. Scientists."
“Nope,” Sherlock replies snappishly. He is sat on the floor, cross-legged, eyes manic, hair ruffled, newspapers and magazines and his laptop scattered around him as he frantically looks through them, scanning through each line for any kind of sign of Moriarty’s return to a reign of chaos. The room smells overwhelmingly of cigarettes, the windows and curtains closed off to keep out daylight that had long since disappeared and turned to night time. If John hadn’t known better, he would say he hadn’t moved in the last four days since his return from his short exile. “Nothing. No politician has gone missing. No priceless jewellery has been stolen. Not even the slightest sign of a sudden increase in inflation. God!” Sherlock grabbed the nearest newspaper and ripped it up into pieces in frustration - The Daily Mail, John noted with some amusement. “I can’t stand it, John!” He exclaims bitterly.
"Not necessarily." Moriarty looked over at each of the two students. "Rather a coincidence, isn't it? Moran. Morstan. Moriarty. Not that Morstan is her real name. Very complicated business."
"That was for a case, Molly, I don't swim if I can choose to." Sherlock sighed.
“He’s a god of death, like you. Granted, he’s only been around for one millenium, but I can assure you he’ll be kept under close observation. I can ask Eurus to ease off drowning innocent sailors and toddlers learning to swim, to ease his load, and I will be more... compassionate around irritating mortals.”
Mrs Holmes comes out into the hall to greet them, and she beams widely at John. "Hello. John, isn't it? It's I've heard so much about you!" She then wraps her arms around John in a tight hug, which was specifically against the list he gave her -
“Well, if you’re ever in town again, it would be wonderful if we could cross paths. Grab a drink. Get dinner, perhaps?”
"Shame. Well, luckily the next round of the tournament is in two months, so hopefully our study sessions will be back on. Little bit less boredom for you, more of a chance of me surviving the tournament for me." John smiled hopefully at Sherlock. "You interested?"
"Okay. So, write to you later?"
"And what type of person would I be instead?" the other man asks innocently.
"Which way is the Ravenclaw common room, again?"
"Recruit me?"
John nods. "Yeah, at dinner. Now or never, right?"
John and Mary stayed at the ball for two hours or so, dancing to some Wizard band whose name John had forgotten, but everyone else screamed excitedly whenever a new song came on. They took breaks from the dancing only for drinks of Pumpkin juice and Butterbeer, and they sat talking abut nothing in particular for five minutes or so, before Mary would take his hand and drag him back to the dance floor. Neither of them were particularly good dancers, so they basically jumped up and down on the spot for fifteen minutes or so, before they got tired again.
"I'm not - I'm not the story teller of the two of us."
"Fine, I'll do it! I'll solve your stupid case. Now - " Sherlock leapt dramatically off the sofa and opened the door, his eyes burning a death glare into Mycroft's skull - "Leave John out of this and get out of my flat." Mycroft raised an eyebrow but rose out of his seat - Sherlock's seat - towards the door. "Do keep me regularly updated," he said calmly, before exiting the flat. Sherlock slammed the door behind him with no small amount of satisfaction before flopping back on the sofa again.
“Sorry, Irene.” John mutters, slightly intimidated, as the majority of the people are. Sherlock simply smirks next to him, carefree and unaffected by Irene’s anger.
"Spilled chemicals on it. Experiment," Sherlock replies quickly. It isn't true, of course, and if Mrs Holmes bothers to look she will find it as good as new with the rest of the coats. He makes a mental note to fix that as soon as possible.
"Yes! They'll be more likely to be nicer to you if other people are there. And it's Soulmates Day. Everyone's in a good mood on Soulmate's Day."
It’s the middle of the night and there’s a frantic knocking at the door. John groans as he rolls out of bed for the third time that night, puts on a dressing gown over his pyjamas, then opens the door with a glare he doesn’t bother to conceal. Then he sees that it’s Sherlock standing there with panic in his eyes and his hair wet from the rain.
"Well, I wouldn't have done it if I had known that Sherlock Holmes had such a sensitive stomach," He teased.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and, muttering some excuse, left the table. There's only so much socialising he could do in one day, and frankly, that plus all the lessons he'd have that day, was enough.
[unsent] Just the two of us tonight. Please
"Gregory, you have a boyfriend sitting right opposite you!"
"He is his boyfriend, Sherlock."
19:47 Nope. No wedding talk.
“Well, I’m not. I think I should switch with someone.”
He realised that no one had spoken in several seconds after Sherlock had entered the room, so he gave a small smile, "Hey. How do you know Gryffindor's password?"
"Perhaps I'll save it until later, then. So, about that tour of the flat?"
I hope you did too.
“Wait – Sherlock – what mistake?!”
From the back of the hospital wing a man - no more than in his early twenties', barely technically out of his teens, Sherlock estimated - came out, a wickedly white smile planted on his pale face. He was dressed immaculately - muggle suit free of creases or lint, gelled back hair without a stray lock in sight. He was professional, there was no other word for it. A professional what, though, Sherlock couldn't decide.
After Sherlock's death, when the alcohol became more of a nuisance than a suitable distraction (there's only so many times a week one can wake up sobbing and vomiting before one decided enough is enough), his next solution was work. Extra hours, extra effort, his hands and mind kept busy as he scribbled out prescriptions for patients, refusing to let himself think of how much the boy with the dark curls and pouty eyes, the woman with the sharp cheekbones, the old man with the long dark coat reminded him of Sherlock. He keeps those feelings of grief and nostalgia tightly locked away, letting it sit heavy on his chest until it is time to continue with work again. There isn't time for considering an office friendship or romance. Just constant working.
