“In Japan in 1985 there was a string of poisonings later called the Paraquat murders. The culprit left tainted sodas in various vending machines around Hiroshima.” Sherlock explained without preamble as he burst into Lestrade’s office later that night.
Taylor turned out to be a young woman about June’s age, she was also a user which explained the clandestine meeting.
“Have a seat Mr. Wolfe.” Sherlock said and gestured to the sofa. This was certainly a case.
Small hands rested on Sherlock’s back before the pillow was snatched away. “I know you’re awake.” Willa told him leaning down so she was looking directly in his eyes.
Sherlock didn’t move, he’d been expecting John to come with him. They only had to speak to a few people in order to get the word out. “Come with?” He asked.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him in the camera but was unwilling to say anything about the blatant lie in front of Willa.
“Did you buy gifts yet?” Willa asked over her shoulder as she wandered among the items, looking.
John hated him because he was right. There was no way he was willing to stake Willa’s life on an attachment that might not exist.
Sherlock knew he would have to chase after him now if he hoped to catch him but that would tip off Willa that something was wrong. So he pulled her back properly into his arms. “I’m cold let’s go see if Mrs. Hudson has tea on.” He suggested.
It was then that Sherlock realized he’d been almost running away from the office. They were now out on the street more than a block away. John had been chasing him.
He’d been so confused the day before when he walked into Willa’s room as she was slamming her cast off the edge of her desk. It just wasn’t like her, she wasn’t a self-destructive child, but he didn’t have time to deduce what was going on. He’d had to stop her from hurting herself further.
Thank you ALL again for the amazing amount of feedback on What Is Left. I appreciate it from the bottom of my heart.
~~~~~~
Much of the furniture in John’s room was still the same as it had been when it was Sherlock’s. Actually, everything but the mattress and the bedding was the same. Given the fact that the flat had been rearranged several times over the last few years this surprised Sherlock, though perhaps it shouldn’t have given that John was always one for sentiment in the oddest places.
“I know I’ve asked you to watch Willa this week but would you be too upset if I said I wanted to ask Sherlock?”
They still had time after they finished dinner before they needed to leave so they made their way to the bar. Sherlock, after remembering the feeling of John’s hand sliding on his thigh during John’s stag night, ordered them each a beer and two shots.
“Fuck, you’re gorgeous.” John was saying, his eyes were dark and intense.
“I know you are concerned about Mary’s behavior.” Mycroft began without any preamble.
“No. A text, a telegram, a bloody billboard. Just one word so I know you’re alive.” John insisted. “I won’t spend days wondering if your dead. I’ve lived through that enough times now, thank you.”
John did chuckle then and buried his face in Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Oh now it’s not like that.” John protested. It wasn’t really. They shared a bed but they didn’t actually sleep in it at the same time.
“Sherlock.” John snapped, several people around them jumped.
As Willa came out of the bathroom, gave Sherlock a little nod of approval, John realized that Sherlock had been watching him the whole time with a guarded expression. John tried to smile reassuringly at him but Sherlock didn’t return the smile.
John hesitated on the other end. “I’m fine just very tired, I didn’t sleep well last night.”
John had been forced to keep his hands busy for fear of who he would strike when the time came and he lashed out. He was currently making his second kettle of tea since Irene had arrived in order to distract himself from their ridiculousness.
David snorted from his chair, clearly the headphones weren’t as soundproof as they’d thought.
Willa’s face lit up. “Did you hide it?”
Sherlock nodded but wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“No, I’m good.” John looked down at where Sherlock had begun lightly rubbing circles into the pressure point with his thumb.
Lestrade dropped his hands and he looked resigned. “I bloody well can’t stop you.”
“They said nicotine poisoning.” Lukas answered and he began wringing his hands.
John pulled off and pressed a kiss to the head. “You’re very compliant like this.”
Greg was fairly confident in the fact that he was probably the only person on Earth to have ever seen Mycroft Holmes in such a state. This knowledge caused a little bit of warmth to invade the chill that had been residing in Greg's insides since they'd found out that Willa was missing.
Irene looked between the three men and realized what John was saying. She felt terribly for John and Sherlock. “When?”
“Is there something else wrong?”
“Alright now then, are we ready?” She asked as if she hadn’t been the one holding them up.
He often wondered if John would see the news and know it was him.
“I’ll still fret over you. I’ll resort to low tactics and I won’t be above using Willa to get you to eat or sleep.” John told him.
"How many people have you killed?" Janine snapped, and the bed near Willa's feet bounced. "Were they all soldiers?"
“God damn you, you horrible bastard.” He hissed but his words had no meaning as he thrust into empty air.
“Oh god yes.” John breathed and then pulled him down again into a crushing kiss. “I want something from you, then.” John whispered when they broke apart.
John dozed on the steps, acting as sentry to Willa’s room. Sometime later the front door opened.
“In. One, two, three, four, five.” John counted. “Out. One, two, three, four, five.”
Mrs. Hudson squeezed his shoulder knowingly before disappearing back inside.
Willa seemed relieved.
“Example?”
Willa’s teacher was waiting outside of the classroom as the students slowly trickled in, they were a little early.
He was not looking forward to that. As long as they had Wolanski there was a chance they would be able to learn something that would lead them to her. Now that he was dead their only lead in six years went with him. John would probably be furious.
John was watching him from the doorway again. There was something on his mind obvious by the fact that every few seconds he would make false starts into the room.
Sherlock looked up at Willa who was watching him carefully. Despite the fact that her face remained impassive he could see the anxiety of whether he liked the gift or not written in her eyes. He smiled at her.
“How’s your head?” Sherlock asked. He was looking at her that way again and she quickly silenced all the racing thoughts. She knew logically he couldn’t read minds but if he had even the slightest idea of what she’d done he would no doubt tell John and John would believe him.
John, as it turned out, was not wrong in his assumption that Willa would hog the baby. She spent the next hour doing nothing but holding Teddy. John turned on the television after twenty minutes just to give her something to look at if she got bored. She barely paid attention.
“You should leave.” Was all Sherlock said.
Harry left first, straight for a bar no doubt, followed by Molly and Aaron. Greg and Mycroft stayed just long enough to listen to Willa read them a chapter from one of the books they’d gifted her, Baron curled up in her lap as she read.
“Mycroft.” John hissed.
“Since you’ve somehow gotten hold of my daughter’s medical records I assume you have mine from my last physical as well.” John said lowering his hand.
Sherlock shook his head and sat up instead. His hands when to John’s jeans and worked to open them. “You’re overdressed.”
“Sherlock if you insist on continuing to do that I’m taking you to a hospital instead.” Mycroft intoned tiredly.
“Just family. Unfortunately, Addison and David are back with their mother but Molly and Aaron can make it, unless of course the birthmother goes into labour.” John told him and then hesitated. “Harry will come too.”
Sherlock pulled her flush against his chest, breathing with John’s cou1nting and encouraging her to do the same.
Sherlock shook his head. “I plan to be fully coherent for this. Now go shower.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now that that nonsense is settled.” Mycroft said drawing both Sherlock and John’s attention to him. “We have another matter to discuss. Brother dear you cannot go on with your current… living arrangement.”
Today it his eyes were ice blue and that seemed fitting for the weather.
John held tight to Sherlock’s hips and then tilted his own. Sherlock didn’t need to look back to see he’d planted his heels into the bed. The first thrust from John was a direct hit to his prostate and Sherlock cried out loudly and without dignity.
Sherlock found himself eating nearly everything that was served because if he ate John would smile at him.
Stalk me:
“Are you alright with it?” He asked even though he felt certain he knew the answer, Willa loved Sherlock.
Mycroft scowled.
“Theodore James.” Molly said with a big grin.
“Ah. Yes, that’s how she understands the season.” John agreed.
Christmas, 2015’
John chuckled but kept his voice down. “Yes, you said she was before you gave her the allergy medicine, so of course she is now. Though I didn’t know it would work on you too.”
“What did you do?” John hissed at her.
“Willa did you hurt yourself?”
Sherlock scoffed. “Of course.”
“What?” Gregory grabbed for his own coffee.
"I'm trusting you to act like a big girl," she warned, "if you scream or cry when we go outside I will shoot you. Do you understand?" As she said this she pulled open the purse she was carrying and in it Willa could see a tiny silver handgun.
“Let me go first.” John began and handed him a glass of whiskey. “I’ll tell you what I need, expect and hope for and if you can live with those you tell me yours. Alright?”
The woman who walked in was gorgeous and probably about half his age. Greg was always somewhat amused by the fact that nearly every one of Mycroft's assistants were pretty women. The kind of women Greg wouldn't really mind having wait on him hand and foot. In the beginning, during the early stages of their courtship, he may have been a bit jealous and more than slightly suspicious of this fact. Over time he'd come to realize his darling husband would have little knowledge of what to do with a naked woman aside from handing her a coat.
Lestrade was about to knock on the door into the flat when Sherlock found him.
“We’ve got one. The press snooped for a while after you disappeared but yeah, it might be good for him to remind them.” John agreed and then shut his laptop.
Lestrade and Mycroft looked the same in the photo so it was a recent one, Lestrade’s children were also in the photograph. The four of them were seated on a bench in the back garden of Mycroft’s house, all smiling sincerely at the camera.
“No.”
Slipping his hand into his pocket he pulled out a key and unlatched the box. He flipped open the lid quickly. Sherlock was right. The Sig Sauer rested on top, the clip lying next to it, but underneath were several beige folders probably containing important documents. That wasn’t what caught Sherlock’s attention though.
“You’re brother.” John began quietly as they waited for the cast to dry. “Someone came and pulled me from the room and told me Willa was at the hospital and there was a helicopter waiting for me. Nothing else just ‘your daughter’s in the hospital and here’s a ride to London.’”
Sherlock nodded and turned to look into the small fire John had built earlier in the evening.
John turned his head so Sherlock wouldn’t see him smile though he knew the other man knew anyway. Sherlock distinct vehemence against Santa made sense now. He’d seen photos of Sherlock as a child during one of his few interactions with his parents. He could imagine that small boy who was already so intelligent feeling upset and betrayed when his elder brother, who he’d worshipped at the time, told him everyone had been lying to him. He knew Sherlock well enough to know that that hurt would have carried in to the future.
“I love you too.” Sherlock said because even if he was annoyed at John right now he did truly love him.
John would have swallowed his tongue if it were possible. He whirled around to look at her. She sat in the middle of the unmade bed, a picture of innocence.
He turned to put him in the bassinet in order to go find something useful to do but he spied Sherlock on the sofa busy with his phone. John changed his route and walked over to him instead.
“Always, mate,” Lestrade said and started moving towards the door once Mycroft had gathered himself to rise.
Sherlock’s smirk dropped and he reached out to grab John’s hand, no doubt to assure him that Willa would proudly tell Harry off about it, but a woman shrieking from the back of the building interrupted.
“Are you busy?”
“Yes, apparently they’ll already have Lestrade’s children.” Sherlock told him and then shuddered. “I believe my brother is trying to congratulate us on our relationship.”
“Sherlock.” John let out as a warning rumble.
Willa wanted to throw it, or dump it, anything but take it but she was sure they had more. Probably even more shots so she realized there was really no choice. She drank quickly, trying to ignore the grit as it passed over her tongue.
John pushed aside his feet and sat at the end. “I feel better now, thank you.” He said contritely.
John nearly had his wrist broken once more while trying to wake Sherlock before the man subconsciously came to accept he wasn’t in danger. By the weekend Sherlock managed to stay awake all of Saturday despite his bizarre sleeping habits. On Sunday John walked into the living room after clearing away lunch to find Sherlock and Willa asleep on the sofa. They were both curled up like cats at either end with one blanket thrown atop both of them.
“I know, damn my brother.” Sherlock’s voice was flat which John knew meant he was paying more attention to the book than to him.
ALSO the frickin Christmas tree scene wasn't supposed to exist but it was Christmas yesterday and I HAD to have something. It's so sappy I'm really not sorry.
“Who approached you?” Mycroft asked from behind John. It was first he’d noticed that Mycroft and Greg had followed them into the room.
“She still believes in Father Christmas.” Sherlock said in a low tone.
It was petrol.
Sherlock normally would have made a biting comment about sentiment blinding the senses but he realized that wasn’t what John needed to hear right now.
John nodded and looked away from Sherlock, he was obviously feeling guilty from the way he now glued his eyes to the floor. “For how long?”
This one was sitting on the book shelf in a lovely silver frame. Mycroft, Lestrade, John, Willa and two other children were the subjects of the photograph. Everyone was dressed up including the children, all of the men had matching boutonnieres made up of red lily’s pinned to their jackets.
“I dropped a cup.” Willa answered turning a page.
When Willa got home Monday night she surveyed the state of the kitchen and living room. “We should do our bedrooms next, as a surprise for daddy.” She suggested.
Janine laughed, but it wasn't a funny laugh, it made Willa's stomach roll and not feel right. "There are millions and millions of kids, you need to get over it."
(See the end of the chapter for
to be his case, he couldn’t just be expected to sit at home and twiddle his thumbs like some no brained civilian. There was zero chance this was just some ‘random’ kidnapping, that his daughter had been in the wrong place at the wrong time. Their lives did not allow for such coincidences. No, there was no doubt in his mind that Mary had finally made her move.
Cole made a funny noise, "would you do it?"
At 7:29:24, Sherlock noticed, just at the edge of the frame, a familiar woman. At 7:29:26 Janine Hawkins, or whatever her actual name was, had appeared entirely on screen as she emerged from the alley. Relatively little had changed with the woman in the last six years, a little older maybe but quite recognizable. In the next frame, Janine was in the same spot but her head had turned, she was clearly deciding which direction to go. It was in this one that a man was barely visible from the shadows of the alley. Despite the distorted image Sherlock could see a shape, Willa, on his shoulder hanging limply.
John chuckled. “The very one.”
Greg had known John for eleven years and Sherlock even longer and he’d truly never seen them this unwound. There had been a few incidents, like when Sherlock jumped off a damn building or John got married, that had come close, but this was something way beyond even that.
“Is it okay?” She asked next clearly liking the idea.
“Lamb, Mycroft? Isn’t that a bit sacrilegious?” Sherlock asked as they entered the dining room for lunch. John had to agree, then again, he’d been raised in a household under C and E rule.
His happiness wasn’t fake, he’d never been happier than he was in this moment. Even at his ‘happiest’ with Mary, just after the wedding when they’d found out about their daughter, he’d never even come close to this. The closest he’d come was the feeling of those months with Sherlock before he jumped from the roof. But being with Sherlock, being his partner in every way, and watching him fully grow into being Willa’s papa was truly one of the best things he’d ever done.
“Oh yes. Sorry, I found it up here. I thought I’d taken it down with me last year.” John apologized, holding up the book.
Willa and Addison very nearly kidnapped Teddy from Molly the second they saw him. At eight weeks into parenting, Molly was willing to hover to the side and let them.
John collapsed onto his side despite the fact he knew getting up from the floor would be painful. “What the fuck?”
Willa turned around just in time to see Sherlock go to open the box. “Those are daddy’s other ones, he puts them up after I go to bed.”
He took a step back and pressed a finger to Sherlock’s lips to silence any incoming protests about the cabbie and the pills. It was a never-ending argument. “It’s not exactly the same but Willa
“No!” Sherlock interrupted forcefully. “I mean. Thank you for the offer but I would never displace you and your daughter.” He explained in a calmer voice.
“Yeah?” Greg asked, letting just the slightest bit of his irritation seep into his voice, he really didn’t have the time for asinine calls.
She nodded.
“Who’s on pathology.” Sherlock asked as he got to a medical examiners report.
He tried not to think very hard on that and forty-five minutes after her last visit to his office Jessica knocked again.
So this fic is going to be wrapping up. I'd give you a chapter count but this chapter and the next one were meant to be one but as this approached 6k I had to split it so I'm unreliable with that lol.
“Yes?”
They were arguing, she could tell by their tones, but it didn't seem like they'd noticed that Willa was awake. She now kept still on purpose so they wouldn't stop talking, maybe she could figure out what they were going to do.
Stalk me:
“There’s Daisy, she’s thirteen going on twenty.  Mason, he’s nine and desperately wants to be an only child. Gunner and Chase, they’re six and probably trying to figure out how to string up that poor boy they’re with. And finally, little Poppy, she’s just turned three.” Sherlock tried to smile politely at every introduction but he wasn’t exactly interested in the children. Just because he was positively smitten with Rosie didn’t change his feelings towards small humans in general.
John laughed and reached under Sherlock, pulling the bottle out. He pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s forehead and moved down, once again between his thighs.
“Daddy!” She cried and launched at John.
“Thank you.” He mumbled. “You know you didn’t have to stop taking cases for the week. Just nothing that would keep you from getting Willa from school.”
Suddenly John’s hips snapped forward, head thrown and his mouth hung open with a wordless cry. Sherlock could feel him pulsing inside of him, coming hard.
“Are you going to kiss Sherlock?” She asked suddenly.
Mycroft must have seen his acceptance because he continued speaking. “When you get back from work you will take the child on a walk. Anthea will meet you along your way and take you two somewhere safe.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shook his head. “No, a third website.”
Does he know?
Right now he was gorgeous and flushed, molded into the bed. His hair was mussed from running hands through it and his chest and cheeks were flushed with arousal. He was watching Sherlock with blown eyes.
After the voice, now cowed by his unusual display of anger, assented to his terms, Greg hung up and looked over to his husband who was watching him with a carefully neutral face.
“To where?” John asked, this time sinking down into his chair.
He’d never had the opportunity to watch her sleep like this. She rarely napped and when she did he was usually joining her, not taking the time to study her.
Mycroft inhaled on the other end before speaking, the bird in John’s throat died and joined the stone in his stomach. “You might wish to meet us at the hospital your sister is in,” he said eventually.
“Are you stalking my wife?” John asked halfway through the file of photos.
“No, the only reason I didn’t is I’d already been shot once. I knew what it felt like and if I missed well… as a doctor one of my worst fears is ending up as a vegetable needing someone to care for me constantly.” He admitted and squeezed their fingers together.
Anthea shook her head and then nodded to Greg.
Mycroft shook his head, and for a second, even in the presence of company, he looked sad. "You may go, Jessica," Mycroft said finally.
As he rolled over he saw that Sherlock was hard. John reached out at hand to touch him but then Sherlock slapped it away, hard.
“I think that’s enough.” John said softly.
“Well then we can share the bed.” The words flew out of Sherlock’s mouth before he could stop them.
“What? You can’t deduce it?” Irene asked with a smirk. There had been a brief second, not even a minute ago where Sherlock had felt she might be looking out for someone other than herself. When John had told her that Willa had gone missing her face had fallen just enough that Sherlock wondered if she was feeling sorry for them and what they were going through.
John moaned and might have been embarrassed if he could bother to give a damn. “All of me?”
Irene nodded with a half smile of amusement.
“Hello.” Sherlock greeted them and lifted Willa up. “How is it?” He asked John and nodded to her arm.
It had started months and months ago when Mary was alive and on the run. John and Rosie had temporarily moved in with Sherlock, John unable to function in a place that reminded him of his anger every second of every day. Rosie was still waking twice a night to eat at that point and as soon as she would let out the slightest whimper, Sherlock would either make sure John was going to tend to her or rush off himself. He preferred bringing her down and making the bottle (or John making the bottle) rather than preparing one first and taking it up to her.
He managed to exchange a few more pleasantries with Molly before she left. He was too busy watching Sherlock and Willa to engage in their conversation properly. Willa had resumed reading and Sherlock really seemed to be paying attention to her.
lecithin, glycerol…” he trailed off as he saw her face draw up in confusion. “That doesn’t sound good does it?”
Willa listened then and dropped her head back down.
She reluctantly followed him into the kitchen where she suffered through hand washing before darting back out into the living room. Molly gestured for her to sit in the arm chair, she climbed up into it quickly and sat with her hands on her knees eyeing the baby.
“But I only have you.” Willa stated simply.
There was a dull thud from behind Sherlock and when he turned he found John kneeling on the floor like a puppet whose strings had been cut. John claimed not to be as bright as Sherlock but had almost as quickly reached the same conclusion he had.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock made a thoughtful noise, still rubbing John’s wrist. “You should have woken me earlier.”
Her face dropped anyway. “Oh, alright.”
When dinner arrived Baron was enticed to jump from her lap to investigate the smells. Willa followed until John made her sit at the table. She spent the entire meal trying to watch the kitten explore.
“Have I missed something?” He asked when John put a plate of eggs and bacon at what had become Sherlock’s seat.
He looked back to Sherlock suddenly. “God I’m an idiot. It’s freezing out here. You’re freezing. Inside, if we’re lucky Mycroft has started tea.”
Sherlock was more than willing to put up with the time lost for her.
Once she was gone he fished John’s phone out of his coat pocket and pulled up the video feed from Willa’s room. After making sure she was sound asleep Sherlock went into the bedroom.
“Did you know Irene Adler was also not dead?” Gregory asked after a beat, finally opening his eyes and lifting up his head.
Janine stepped in front of her holding a silver foil packet and a bottle of water. When she held them out to Willa it took her a moment to realize she was being given her breakfast. Obediently she took it and managed only to wrinkle up her nose a bit when she realized that they were cherry pop-tarts.
“What about Willa?” John asked even as he stood.
you with all of the change at once.”
“One: You would be utterly dull if you gave in just because we were sleeping together. Two: I agree under the condition she is never allowed to call me your boyfriend. Partner should suffice.” Sherlock took a breath and then looked at John. “Three: I am promising you, I will end this.”
Sherlock seemed to grow more quiet and tense as they drew closer. John felt a pang of sympathy for him. The two Christmases they’d spent together hadn’t been exactly the best and from the sounds of it neither had been the ones they spent apart. He felt a bit guilty too. He’d had friends and family (who he’d only gained from knowing Sherlock) to help ease the sense of loss and absence but Sherlock had had only himself.
Mycroft nodded in agreement.
Sherlock didn’t sleep that night. He had left Baker street with every intention of walking straight to the hotel but as he past Regent’s Park he turned and found himself wandering through it. At first there was no purpose to his detour until he spotted a homeless man walking ahead of him. This one had to be new to the lifestyle because it was far too cold and too late for any of the veterans to be out. Sherlock approached the man, handed him some notes and directed him towards the nearest warm place from memory.
“Only because you dropped the shell in.” Sherlock grumbled under his breath but Willa heard and cast him a sour look.
Mycroft had known they settled.
Greg grinned and Sherlock made a retching noise.
“Be good for Uncle Greg.” John told Willa who was sitting at the desk watching them all intently.
“Why blue?” Sherlock asked leaning over Willa to inspect her job.
Sherlock signed the papers as soon as they got home, then folded them and put the envelope on the mantel. He wasn’t kidding when he told John he’d find a way to send it out tomorrow, what good was Mycroft if he couldn’t make things like that happen.
Sherlock smiled and hugged her against him again, not missing the fact that John’s phone had reappeared and he was certainly taking their picture.
A file sat innocuously between them on a bench in Victory Park.
“Change sir?” The man asked.
Sherlock’s chair was in the exact same spot it always had been and that left him feeling a bit dizzy when he looked at it. There were so many implications about the unchanged nature of it. Even John’s chair had been replaced with something newer.
John was speechless for a full two minutes.
Sherlock watched his disappearing back for a moment before shrugging off his coat. John still hadn’t returned by then so he went into the kitchen and filled the kettle for lack of anything better to do. He could see John through the doorway of the bedroom, standing still next to the bed looking down at something Sherlock couldn’t see.
John fully grasped the situation now and laughed. “Oh my god, you’ve been giving her local honey for her allergies.”
John was surprised to hear his name pulled into it. Willa’s eyes darted up to John and she beamed at him. “Thank you, daddy, this is the best gift
That was why she was at work, nearly a month before she was meant to come back from maternity and the day after her niece had gone missing, she felt as though she had something to prove. She’d thought about calling in and staying home cuddling Teddy but it just didn’t sit right with her, the fact that she could choose to stay home with her child while John and Sherlock were without theirs. So she’d come in.
John snorted and shook his head. “Yes, you spectacularly ignorant man.”
“Are you sleeping here tonight?” He asked eyeing the sofa.
Sherlock’s tale woke up John’s own war stories and he had his first war nightmare in years the next night. He didn’t tell his friend because he knew Sherlock would clam up out of some desire to protect John. So instead he would just roll over in bed and silently cry, more for Sherlock than himself, until he fell asleep once more.
“Is Willa okay?” He asked.
Sherlock hesitated not sure what he wanted say to her. “Probably not.” He settled on.
“I invited her, Sherlock.” John admitted and stood, turning around with his hands up trying to placate the irate detective.
“Is Molly Hooper on right now?” He repeated more clearly this time.
Sherlock looked at John and rolled his eyes. “You actually let her look at that thing?”
John ignored her and peeked into the oven to check on dinner. When Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, hair somewhat tamed, Willa had only answered one of the problems. She glanced up at Sherlock excitedly and was about to say something to him when John interrupted.
She knew things weren’t going to be easy for them, with mummy dearest in the background pulling strings, but she had never wanted it to come to this. So when she’d been innocently
“I’ll get them for you anyway.” Sherlock insisted because while John believed him he felt the need to prove it. “Also, I’m not a virgin”
“Of course I wanted to fuck you then.” John told him standing between his legs, pulling off his jumper. “I was pretty certain you’d let me too after the way you jumped around the room. If I’d really pushed, I could have had you over your chair or we could have broken every cylinder on that table.”
The man spat blood onto the floor.
“I am not leaving Willa with her.” John objected instantly.
“The fire?” Mycroft asked, feeling annoyed that he hadn’t stayed awake long enough to discover what the ruling had been.
He hadn’t been about to sit on his hands and wait for MI6 to call him into action again. Moriarty’s networks had been regaining strength while he’d been in London planning a wedding. They weren’t as connected nor anywhere near as clever but it gave him something to do. Sometimes he stumbled upon a gang or outfit that had zero ties to Moriarty but he brought them down anyway.
She shook her head emphatically.
Once satisfied it was clean enough he went back into the bedroom.
Sherlock glanced up to him. “Alright?”
John nodded, there was no point in asking how Mycroft knew. He hadn’t had any real delusions that Mycroft would actually back off when asked to, that just wasn’t in his nature.
Harry scoffed. “I’m not
Sherlock was about to turn back to scanning the paper for anything of interest when he thought of something. “Willa?”
John suppressed a chuckle. “Christmas. It’s in ten days.”
To her surprise, no one came.
“No I don’t.” John agreed. Mary had once told him she’d had the worst allergies as a child and remembered being held down for regular allergy shots. He worked under the assumption that it had been one of the few truths she’d told him, as he did for most of Willa’s medical history.
“Not another gift Mrs. Hudson!” John groaned as he watched her come into the room.
“Her father I think, who knows.” Sherlock said and threw his hands up. “It’s not entirely dull though.”
John moaned and grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders.
The front door opened again and Sherlock let out a gleeful sound and bounded down the stairs, skipping the three at the bottom, leaving John standing there confused.
“What did you do?” Willa asked.
They weren’t religious. John could go along with things like Father Christmas and the tooth fairy because they made the world seem more magical and good but shamming religious was a whole other level. So they celebrated a secular Christmas.
Sherlock leaned against the refrigerator, watching as John put his bag onto the table.
“Oh hell, he knows now doesn’t he?”
“A pig?”
Both Sherlock and John looked at him and the man paled realizing he’d spoken out loud.
“She only gets them every other weekend. That was my weekend with the kids.” Erik explained.
Did you know the newest version of word really does yell at you for "not using concise language" ? I get yelled at a lot.
Even Sherlock got a laugh out of that.
John knew better now.
The girl stayed where she was.
‘Somewhere safe’ ended up being a cottage that butted up to the beach on the Isle of Wight. It had taken nearly six hours to drive there which John knew was far longer than it should have. The driver was obviously making every attempt to ensure their journey was untraceable. Willa had wailed for half of the drive, not a fan of the carseat that had been installed for her. When she finally fell asleep John allowed himself to lean against the window and doze.
She deflated at his sharp tone, her entire body going limp in his arms. She was no longer screaming but sharp rough sobs were escaping her mouth.
Sherlock nodded.
“John.” Sherlock called as they got up the stairs. “I believe it’s best if Mr. Fisher does not come in here.”
“Brother, I hear congratulations are in order.” Mycroft greeted him.
Sherlock leaned forward once more. “Now?”
Three weeks later John found himself standing inside the kitchen of 221B Baker Street while a team of workers carried boxes and furniture up the stairs.
She made a threatening noise, lips pressed together and glared at him over the camera. “One more, smile everyone.”
While somehow being careful of the kitten in her lap she bent forward and wrapped her arms around Sherlock’s neck pulling him into a huge hug. Sherlock was grinning.
Willa was sorting out the presents into four separate piles, one of which remained under the tree. Once she’d gone through everything she stood up and grabbed a gift from each of the smaller piles and carried them over to them. She placed one in John’s lap and the other she handed to Sherlock.
Once they were done they splinted her arm up and tucked it inside the sling again. Sherlock considered the risks of carrying Willa and decided despite his need to calm her it was best if he didn’t. Though once they were back in the room he settled onto the bed and let her sit in his lap, her injured side turned out to keep it safe.
John managed to get Sherlock and Willa out of the house without being too late. Sherlock had dug his heels in and Willa in a show of solidarity had joined his protests. John had only won her over by promising that Teddy would be there. She abandoned Sherlock after that which left him following them, sulking.
“You made a grave mistake returning to Baker Street.” Sherlock warned venomously.
Willa fell asleep wedged between them during the cab ride home.
“As it turns out I do not, actually, know everything,” Mycroft admitted sourly.
“Then tell me what happened.” Sherlock insisted.
“Yes.” Sherlock confirmed and kissed him softly.
The woman didn’t answer. “My names Janine but for now you can call me Janey.” She said instead.
Sherlock stopped mid circle.
John shook his head. “Not yet, your Aunt Harry’s not here.”
John looked over at Sherlock. “Do you want to send her off for the weekend?” He asked carefully.
Drawing it out would make it seem like a bigger deal than it was, also he didn’t’ want Sherlock to think he was ashamed of him. John was honestly just being selfish. For the most part he liked that they were the only ones to know. He didn’t want to have to put up with Mrs. Hudson’s knowing comments and Mycroft’s smug face when they found out. Though he imagines Sherlock will find the latter harder to deal with.
John was shocked. “Really? That’s awful.”
He’d just returned from settling Willa in her bed for the third time that night. It was Christmas Eve and she was so excited John wasn’t sure she’d ever get to sleep.
He was finding it remarkably hard to keep his hands to himself. They’d always communicated on the rather physical side in the past but smothering your best friend in a hug every two minutes was probably not okay.
“Yes!” Sherlock insisted.
“Yeah?” John asked.
“I don’t see how -”
Closing the door he went and sat on the stairs.
John might have called after him again but Sherlock was already out of the doors.
If you won’t come to me, I’ll come to you. Do you think that’ll go well?
“Yes.” John agreed.
“Yours, mine and…” Sherlock trailed off.
Gently John eased them onto their sides and slipped out. Sherlock locked his leg around his hip to keep him in place otherwise.
Willa started awake. She struggled to open her eyes, they were still so heavy, but when she did she could just make out the sun rising above some of the buildings outside her window. Not her window, she remembered and gave up struggling to keep her eyes open, the tears stinging at her eyes anyway. Her entire body felt too heavy, and besides moving her arm, she couldn't get it to do much she wanted. She wondered why she was awake since her body clearly wasn't ready to be up.
Molly’s eyes followed him around the kitchen. Sherlock noted that she wasn’t watching him the same way she used to, like a love-sick puppy. Now she just looked genuinely concerned. “It’s really good to see you, Sherlock. I was so happy when John said you were back.”
At three hours old the Watsons finally settled on a name. Mary had relented and allowed John to choose her first name. John wasn’t entirely sure she meant it, that it wasn’t another gesture to get herself back on his good side but he allowed it. Mary had been utterly surprised when John had suggested the name.
“At this point, every lead is worth following,” Mycroft chipped in.
Molly startled and her head whipped around to look at him. “Sherlock. I didn’t think you’d be here. John said he wasn’t sure where you were.”
“There wasn’t a car.” He shouted at John before bolting towards the street. John didn’t even think, he just chased after him.
Reluctantly John blinked awake. “I nearly forgot.” He confessed. He carefully untangled his hand from Willa’s hair and then shook her shoulder. “Willa.”
“Well I do hope you’ve managed to bring us something useful,” he bemoaned finally sliding the memory stick into the computer.
He didn’t have time to examine it much.
A candle appeared on their table along with the food. John sighed heavily, Willa giggled and Sherlock enjoyed every second of it.
He stepped forward to the end of her bed and very intentionally wrapped his hands around the plastic foot board. His fingertips found the rigid plastic of the joint and he dug them into it. That little bit of pain was the only thing keeping him grounded, the only thing keeping him from lashing out.
“Japan!” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he headed for the door.
She didn't mean to betray Willa or even John for that matter. It was all just supposed to be harmless. A little bit of innocent information here or there and the occasional photo. It all seemed so… harmless at first.
“Sherlock we… well Willa actually, she wants to ask you something.” John said cautiously before nudging Willa.
Even though, at the time, he hadn’t let himself think of them he truly regretted not ever having gotten to hold Willa as an infant or having gotten to see John’s joy at being a new father.
John hadn’t ever not known where Willa was for more than a few minutes. Before Sherlock, there had possibly never been a moment where he couldn’t have told you exactly where she was. Since Sherlock had come back, John had relaxed because surely if Willa wasn’t with him then she was definitely off with her Papa getting into trouble.
Willa nodded even though John hadn’t told her he’d called her off sick. “It’s my birthday and we’ve made cupcakes.”
During the walk back to the car John glanced over at Anthea who was back on her mobile, typing furiously.  “What did you say to her back there?”
do you have a cat?”
John ended up going with the black jeans and ignored his daughter’s look of smug triumph when she came back downstairs and saw.
Mrs. Hudson chose that moment to open the door. “Oh good morning you three.”
She shivered at the thought.
Lestrade shook his head. “Not the problem actually. We’ve got a new superintendent and I’m not sure how he’ll react.”
“You plan to start consulting again don’t you?” Mycroft asked turning to look at Sherlock this time.
“You’re bleeding,” John mumbled, realizing why Sherlock had been calling him. He wondered vaguely how the mad genius had managed to hurt himself this time.
John huffed out a laugh. “Really? You think?”
“That is not my story to tell, Sherlock.” Mycroft warned, his tone a bit sharper now.
“Oh no I’m not.” Molly waved her free hand towards herself. “Aaron and I decided to adopt. We were matched with a birth mother a few weeks ago and she didn’t want to find out what the baby was until he had a family.”
Sherlock smiled at John’s text. He’d been increasingly chatty all day and a small part of Sherlock’s brain was wondering if he’d be able to talk John into phone sex tonight. Or hell, even a mutual wank over video chat.
John shrugged. “I missed you. All I wanted was for you to know Willa and for her to know you. Since I couldn’t bring you back I was going to make damned sure she knew all about you. So, I brought her into London at barely three weeks old.”
John gave up and kissed him then, deeply, until just the slide of their tongues was enough to make them moan into each other’s mouths.
“Why don’t you go downstairs and show Nana that you’re arm’s all healed?” Sherlock proposed as he leaned on the table, providing John a fantastic view of his arse. He tried not to blatantly stare while his daughter was in the room.
“Uncle Greg? Why are you here?” Willa asked as she came into the kitchen.
It wasn’t much but Sherlock was thrilled for anything, a tiny scrap of information. Now they just had to go out and find one of his homeless contacts who’d know why the camp from this building had been forced to leave if it was the Yard’s doing.
“Sent me a photo. I’ve been running my arse off with this case the past few days or else I’d have gone out to see her.” Greg said. “So the quicker you solve this the quicker I can go cuddle the baby.” He told Sherlock then.
Janine pushed the door open just then and smiled, though it didn’t seem friendly. “What do you think?” She asked.
After dinner and dessert the girls disappeared again while the adults made their way into the sitting room. Mrs. Hudson found the piano bench instantly and showed off the Christmas tunes she remembered from her youth. Mycroft worked hard not to cringe when she hit an off note. John pretended not to see Greg’s hand caressing his thigh as a reward for his restraint.
“Sherlock,” Greg asked, taking over for the sense that seemed to have left John’s mind.
“It’s my money and you came to Mycroft instead of me.” Sherlock was more than a little upset. Not just because John didn’t think he was capable of dealing with his own money but because John had thought Mycroft was a better option to discuss it with.
There was no longer a single question as to whether or not this fire had anything to do with Willa.
Willa nodded then. “Alright.”
Then he grabbed Sherlock’s birthday cookie out of the refrigerator and carefully piped ‘Happy Birthday Sherlock’ onto it with chocolate frosting. He placed it back where it had been only fifteen minutes before Sherlock and Willa made it home.
They played together for the first few songs and everyone was impressed. After breaking away from holiday songs Sherlock shot John a mischievous look. John nodded with a smirk. He broke away from the melody.
John laughed. “I am glad you weren’t here in September. She actually threw up twice. But yes, I’m sure. She’ll get her allergy meds in the morning.”
John was only a little late for work.
Sherlock still wasn’t sure he hadn’t started hallucinating. “Are you offering to take Willa on Valentine’s Day weekend so I can make it up to my partner that our lead to his psychotic ex is dead?”
“I promise they’re germ free.” John told him as he handed over the cupcakes.
Sherlock let out a guttural growl and stepped forward raising the rod but Hadeon’s attentions were fixed on John.
“Why did he say we could stay like that?” John asked once he left.
It had been her nervousness though, the constant toying with the hem of her blouse. It wasn’t the kind of nerves someone had after being attacked or even the nerves of an alcoholic needing a drink after a stressful situation. Whatever had been bothering her was something bigger than that, the way she’d seemed surprised when John had reassured her everything was alright. She hadn’t been expecting John to offer her comfort. John and Harry might not have been close but there was no way John would blame her for something like this. John was more likely to blame himself and self-destruct while trying to pinpoint exactly what he could have done to change things.
John wanted to kiss Sherlock, he’d just admitted it. So why was he preventing them from taking that final step? “Why?”
“I need oxygen, sometimes.” John whispered afraid that speaking would break the moment, though he doubted a bomb could by this point.
Willa gave a squeal of approval.
“Do you know what today it?” John asked almost conversationally.
He pulled out his phone and texted Mycroft.
“For god’s sake. Willa STOP!” Sherlock barked suddenly.
“Good.” Sherlock said and then moved back down towards John’s feet. As he mimicked his earlier actions, now on the top of the foot and alternating sides, John realized there was a downfall to this position. On his stomach he’d been able to rut into the mattress but now there wasn’t even that.
John wasn’t sure what was so difficult to grasp about it. “Well yes. But if you don’t want to I can tell her no.”
John has to hide a smile behind his hand, she had a point.
Sherlock felt as if he’d been punched. He hadn’t allowed himself to think of Baker Street or Mrs. Hudson in so long. How had they changed? Had she let out the flat again? Who was living there now? Did she still own the building? Was she even still in London? Or had she finally given into her sister’s pleas to move with her out of the city. Was she alright? How was her hip? How was her heart? Had she gotten ill? Was she even-
Sherlock sighed exasperatedly. “Fine, Willa’s sick. Now go away.”
Harry was, wisely, choosing to be very silent at this moment.
Greg shrugged. “We were getting the other kids bikes, Teddy needed something with wheels too.” He rationalized.
He pulled the curtains shut to block out the light and then got out his phone.
That night they didn’t talk after Willa went to bed. Sherlock was in his chair, fingers folded beneath his chin, just staring at the tree obviously lost in thought. John left him to it and decided Sherlock would let him in on what he was thinking if he wanted.
Anthea glanced up and smirked. “Just reminding her who rules the world.”
John shook his head. “I’m find just uh something in my throat.”
“John, why didn’t you tell me you had a son?” Sherlock repeated, stating the facts clearly as he crossed to his own chair.
Sherlock pulled out his own mobile as John filled Lestrade in on what they’d just learned.
He looked up to see John smiling at them, there were tears in the corners of his eyes. As though suddenly made aware of tears Sherlock became cognizant of ones of his own forming.
“I’m not meant to be a parent, John.” Sherlock said quietly as he slid into the bed.
He turned to his brother and pleaded with him not to make him ask the questions. Not to make him say it out loud.
“Nothing really planned.” Lestrade answered after looking at him a moment.
“Website.” Sherlock answered distractedly.
Despite the fact that most of his brain was being used to keep himself from thrusting up in Sherlock’s hand John caught on. “Oh god yes.”
John looked up at Sherlock who very reluctantly nodded and stepped aside. “Yes, she’s in the living room.”
He’d been surprised when Sherlock had informed them they were driving themselves for the weekend.
John nodded. “Well that is certainly good for Addison.”
John smirked to himself and looked down at the menu. Harry was always sensitive about getting older, once she passed twenty-five birthdays were only fun if you didn’t remind her of how old she was getting. Turning fifty was certain to be causing some mild crises but John couldn’t resist tormenting her, he was a little brother after all.
Mr. West was in his late twenties and Willa adored him. The first two weeks after starting school she’d talked nearly nonstop about him. When John had met the man he’d understood. Mr. West was new enough to teaching, or had always had the luck of teaching in privileged schools, that he was full of energy and viewed everything as a fantastic lesson.
“You said you’d let me do this. You’re distracting enough as it is I don’t need you doing… that.” Sherlock told him.
Willa suffered well through John clinging a bit too tightly as they walked up to the school. It was only outside her classroom that John notice even Anthea had followed them in. Greg gave her a simple hug and wished her good luck while Mycroft rested a hand on her shoulder and reminded her to be good. Anthea actually knelt down to Willa’s level, pulled her into a hug and whispered something in her ear. Willa grinned and nodded.
But John had never been hard during any of Sherlock’s opportunities to observe him. He found he wanted to know every last detail of John’s cock, especially how it felt inside of him and the weight of it on his tongue. Sherlock warred with which he wanted to experience first.
“Happy New Year, Sherlock.” They were still close enough that their lips brushed when he spoke.
He decided right then in the cab they would go this summer.
John follow him in. Sherlock had her around the middle and was pulling her away from her desk.
Things went on very much the same as they had been for the next few weeks. There was more physical contact but it was hard to determine if things had been naturally building up to this level of casual touching or if it was directly related to their conversation.
John looked up at her in surprise again. He didn’t know Mycroft had been there and he had no idea what the tickets were about. “And what were they for?” He pried.
“She cries.” Was Sherlock’s only argument and he offered no further explanation.
Mycroft was lounging on the sofa in the library, his very worn copy of ‘The Murder of Roger Ackroyd’ in hand. Gregory was at the other end of the sofa with his laptop balanced on his knees, their legs were entwined in the middle beneath a blanket. Gregory was absentmindedly brushing one of his feet along the outside of Mycroft’s thigh.
.” She repeated yanking a pillow away from him.
“What are you and my brother doing tonight?”
Sherlock looked at him like he was an idiot. “Between the two of us we cover biology, anatomy, and chemistry well enough but astronomy is neither of our strong points and it could come in handy.”
The line went dead.
Locate a branch. Watch them. Infiltrate. Move up the ranks. Steal their money. Cut them down.
Before John could even think to say something Sherlock was out of his chair and bounding up the stairs. “It’s alright, Watson. I’m here.” His voice came over the monitor only a few seconds later.
She lost it then, her ability to keep the great weight of it all in her stomach. She didn't even have time to stand before she was leaning over the bed, retching. The hospital phone dropping down to the floor, even then she could still hear the tone.
“No. Please.” John pleaded and he dipped his head down far enough Sherlock could no longer see his face.
“Sober?”
"How is distracting me helpful for you?" Mycroft asked, turning his head in an attempt to look back at him, a halfhearted scowl affixed to his face. Greg was having none of it and removed a hand to gently push Mycroft's chin until he was looking forward again.
John wrapped his arms around his waist. “You going to be alright?”
“How does it feel to be old?” John teased his sister as they chose their seats. Willa insisted on sitting next to Harry, then it was John and finally Sherlock at the other end.
While Willa sat down with her homework John finally went into the bedroom to wake Sherlock.
John licked and sucked him until he was hard, until Sherlock’s fingernails were biting into the leather upholstery of the chair, and then he pulled off.
Sherlock made a noise.
No reaction.
“Why are you still here?” He bit out.
“Example?”
“Oh you don’t know?” She asked in mock surprise, one hand coming up to rest over her heart. “Oh John, I’m hurt, you haven’t told him?”
Sherlock pulled back and realized what John was saying. “How long has it been?” He asked and slowly began stroking him.
Willa didn’t sit but began fluttering near the edge of the sofa obviously dying for a look at the baby. John exchanged a look with Molly.
Sherlock could see Molly as a mother, she’d always had the personality to be great with children and Willa spoke highly of her.
“But,” Sherlock began quietly, “it gives me somewhere to start looking.”
John took his cup to the sink before leaning down and pressing a kiss to her cheek. “Goodnight.”
“Fuck, oh, fuck.” Sherlock gasped. The word sounded absolutely filthy and foreign in his mouth and John loved it.
Mycroft relented and not much later they were pulling onto the street.
“Mycroft’s looking for him, it’ll be fine.” Greg reassured him before turning into the kitchen.
“We should clean up before that happens.” Sherlock suggested and began working to untangle himself from John.
John finished his tea. “You are a terrible meddler, Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock looked around her to John who was hanging up their coats.
When he got back John and Willa looked at him in a way that said they’d just been talking about him.
“You’ll see.” Sherlock told him enigmatically.
When she came out of the bathroom Janine was waiting by the bed with a plastic cup in her hand. Willa sat down and took the cup as it was handed to her. One of the work lamps shined down into it and she could see specs of white things swirling in the water. Whatever they wanted to give her hadn’t completely dissolved yet.
“That’s funny coming from you.” John couldn’t help but laugh. Sherlock growled at him and dragged his teeth roughly over John’s nipple.
He was standing in the living room watching them in the kitchen with a particularly guarded expression. John smiled at him and waved a hand to beckon him in.
Once in Afghanistan there’d been a fire fight in the street of the town not far from the hospital he’d been stationed at. The locals had been overwhelmed in the aftermath and John had been called out to help. The first scene he’d stumbled upon had been a mother holding her child and rocking him, she was nearly catatonic and covered in blood. When John got closer he realized none of it was hers, instead it all belonged to the boy. He was maybe five and dead long before John got there.
“What the hell am I supposed to do?” John bellowed suddenly and Willa immediately tensed and began to whimper. John inhaled sharply trying to control himself. “No love not you, you’re fine.” He whispered trying to sooth her.
“John.” Sherlock said sharply and John looked at him. “It’s just a meeting with someone June knew. It will be fine.” He pulled John to him.
“Sherlock yelling at them isn’t exactly giving a statement.” John admonished. He should have sounded exasperated but instead he just sounded flat. Sherlock wanted to shake him until he sounded like himself again.
“Gregory is insisting we need to put olives on our pizza, how do you feel on the matter?” Mycroft asked her.
Only when John began to shift uncomfortably did Sherlock look away. Heslid to the ground.
“I was too much of a coward to do it.” John continued as he found one of Sherlock’s hands with his own.
Willa bit her lip and surveyed the room, suddenly uncertain in her decision to clear the room.
John shook his head. “Because I don’t.”
Harry barely managed six months of sobriety at a time and she was so spiteful towards John when she drank.
“Oi!” Lestrade bellowed as Sherlock and John hurried past him. “Where are you going?”
“Aunt Molly helped me paint a tea cup for daddy’s Christmas present.” Willa explained. “I hid it in my desk but I didn’t have a box for it. I was going to ask you but I tripped.” She did begin crying this time, burying her face in his chest.
Willa looked like she was about to feint with excitement.
It was then that Sherlock realized she’d been sorting by person.
Sighing John pulled his arm back. “You looked like you needed the rest.”
Sherlock scowled and dropped himself roughly into one of the chairs. “Stalking people is rude, Mycroft, and probably not a very appropriate use of government funds.”
“You really are aren’t you?”
They spent the rest of the evening in near silence. John seemed comfortable enough with it and had reverted to what must have been his evening routine only deviating to force another cup of tea on Sherlock. Sherlock however spent the evening calculating every last change that had taken place in the flat and with John. There were so many that at times it seemed too overwhelming but then John would do something so typical of the way he had been all those years ago and it would sooth over the panic that welled up in Sherlock’s chest.
“You can ask you know.” Sherlock said softly, realizing what John was thinking.
After another cup and more biscuits (Sherlock was beginning to wonder how thin he looked given that everyone was shoving food on him) he found himself climbing the stairs again.
Sherlock dropped his fork and it clattered loudly, John sent him a thankful smile. Sherlock nodded.
“But you feel she needs a mother?” Sherlock asked surprised. Mrs. Hudson was not the type of person he would have ever attributed that kind of thinking to, she’d always been so open minded in the past.
“Willa, this is why you use your cups.” John scolded.
“No,” John interrupted before Sherlock had a chance to assure him that wasn’t true at all. “No,” he repeated, softer this time, “give me someone to fight, or shoot at, or run after and then I’ll be helpful.”
"Do you want me to call her and tell her you're refusing?" Janine spat out, she was nearly yelling now.
A woman came into the room then and she
Sherlock still looked unsure. “But I love you and everything I’ve done over the last six years was to protect you. I have never wanted to cross those lines.”
Sherlock pulled out his phone.
John hadn’t even had time to think of a retort before Sherlock was up and whirling around so he was nose to nose with her. “Irene,” he growled low, “if you could please focus on something other than yourself right now, that would be helpful.”
John answered. “Hello and why yes I was watching her sleep.”
There was a noise in his ear a few seconds (minutes?) later and Sherlock realized John was laying on him whispering in his ear.
John instantly put a hand on Willa’s leg. “What do you mean?”
Everyone had a bottle of beer in hand, including Mycroft and Molly, and were talking about everything and anything when Mrs. Hudson reappeared holding a beautifully wrapped box with a silver and pink bow on top.
A silence greeted Mycroft when he pushed open the door to 221 B, regardless of what he’d seen from the outside.
John looked up properly, surprised by Sherlock’s tone. “Yes.”
Willa ignored him. “So if you hadn’t been born, I wouldn’t have been born and daddy would be very sad. That makes both of our birthdays special.”
Sherlock had met sixty-four men named ‘John’ since starting his exile, he called every one by their surname.
They were all in the living room. Willa was constructing an elaborate tower out of her Legos, Sherlock was typing away furiously on John’s laptop (thought at this point it might as well be
money?”
Stalk me:
John was on Baker Street.
John spoke to the doctor some more while Sherlock continued to hold Willa. There was a knot in his gut as he listened to them.
Sherlock was on his feet less than a second before John was. They both darted towards the back of the restaurant, it was where the restrooms were. Where Harry and Willa were.
He’d been mortified when his eleven-month-old had broken out in hives at the tree lot. He’d had this grand image of letting her pick the tree and perhaps one day they’d be able to cut down their own. Born out of the desire to make everything perfect for his daughter since she was missing a parent. Instead they’d had to go to the store and pick a tree there.
Once they got home Willa looked around and frowned. “Where’s daddy?”
Willa shrugged a shoulder, barely visible under her thick coat. “It makes him sad. But he pretends he does because he knows I like it and Christmas is about making other people happy.”
“They drugged her.” John’s broken voice came after a minute of silence. “She was terrified and they stuck a needle into her and drugged her.”
John laughed and even Sherlock was caught off guard by that. “Jesus, Mycroft, if that’s the worst thing he’s doing then I consider it to be a productive week.”
“Well there’s no use in dying the whole thing.” Janine said to herself.
John had expected Sherlock to heed his warning about the Christmas festivities that would take place and spend the evening elsewhere. Yet Sherlock was not only still in the flat when John returned from picking up Willa from school, he was awake and sitting at the desk typing something on John’s computer.
“Bloody hell.” John cursed because sometimes there was a level of culture shock he went through in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes. A man who could call a five star hotel ‘not his favorite’ without thinking it odd.
“I’ll do my room tomorrow while you’re at school and we can do your’s in the afternoon.” Sherlock agreed.
As beneath the tree emptied Mycroft stood and disappeared out of the room.
Lestrade, a man who frequently babysat Willa, who had watched her grow from an infant to the child she was, was unable to identify whether the body belonged to her or not.
“Ah.” Sherlock exclaimed softly.
Harry shrugged, finger twisting around a gold chain she was wearing. “Well… yes,” she admitted finally.
On Friday night Sherlock was surprised when, instead of waiting until midnight, at quarter past eleven John slid to his knees and shoved his way between Sherlock’s legs.
Mycroft’s mouth twisted not having expected John to feel that way. “So you feel the arrangement you two currently have is long term?”
John looked guilty again but didn’t say anything.
.” She insisted with a groan.
John nodded, he wondered if Sherlock knew how transparent he was being at that exact moment. He couldn’t resist reaching out in comfort. “It’ll be fine.” He said squeezing the other man’s knee reassuringly.
John walked forward and rested his hand on Hadeon’s broken collarbone. “You left the Ukrainian Mafia for what? To be an errand boy for an assassin?”
“Exactly. She thought he’d just get a little sick and then she could take him to the doctor. Where she would whisper about her ex-husband and his carelessness in leaving his supplies around where the children could get at it.”
John shrugged weakly. “I’m soppy remember?”
At that comment Sherlock’s entire face lit up. It made the entire awkward conversation, and the ensuing tense remainder of dinner, worth it.
Sherlock’s blood began boiling as he watched each of the short videos. Not a single one of the dozens of people they passed had even looked twice. Everyone just saw a sweet family heading home after dinner, the little one exhausted. No one noticed that Willa had only one sandal or that her head was being jostled about in a manner that would surely have woken any other child.
When Sherlock kissed him there was an immediate heat that had been missing from their previous kisses and John melted forward into it. It wasn’t rushed or frantic as he thought it would be. They were just kissing, softer and longer than before but it was very nearly the same. Right up until John’s tongue slid forward to taste Sherlock’s lower lip.
The second the bedroom door was shut he advanced on Sherlock, the other man’s eyes widening just a bit. John pushed him backwards onto the bed.
Sherlock didn’t leave anything out and he knew his kill count without stopping to think. He never hid a single action from John but instead laid everything out in the open. John was grateful Sherlock was trusting him this much but it was still difficult to swallow. John had fought in a war so it wasn’t the violence that disturbed him but the way Sherlock delivered the story, in this flat monotonous voice, that made the entire situation more unsettling.
“Why do you want cupcakes from a store?” Sherlock asked drawing Willa’s attentions back to him.
“It takes twenty-one days to create a habit.” Sherlock informed him conversationally.
Sherlock tried to glare but it wasn’t as effective as it normally was.
John was seated by Sherlock’s side with his leg pressed against Sherlock’s far more than necessary. John only appeared relaxed, though. Little warring emotions were written all over his features and he was incessantly worrying his bottom lip with his teeth.  He was nervous about whatever they were doing and he wasn’t giving Sherlock any information about what it was.
loudly and on repeat, followed by an immense wave of guilt because that just meant it’d be someone else’s daughter. He didn’t need to hear Mycroft once again offering to let him sit back and have someone else do the dirty work, he didn’t get as far as he did in his career with that kind of thinking.
Mr. West looked startled but made a very wise decision in not arguing. The nurse stood in the door way now.
Sherlock was making his way to her desk to examine the papers covering it when his phone buzzed in his pocket.
Sherlock turned and clapped. “Oh that’s brilliant!” He ignored John’s look of confusion, instead he leaned down and kissed him soundly in the middle of the street.
“That bloody…” Greg trailed off censoring himself for Willa.
Sherlock took that to mean John wanted her to have some. Willa accepted it passively and then promptly fell asleep.
Here is nearly 4,800 words of spite at Moffat and Gatiss. Funny how that kind of turned into fluff.
John paused when he realized how much thought Sherlock had put into this kitten.
At his admission John’s shoulders slumped and Sherlock instantly felt guilty.
“First big injury?” She asked.
John rolled his eyes at the text. “She’ll be here in a few minutes.” He announced to Sherlock and Willa.
“This man,” Sherlock said turning to look at John, or rather his chin for as close as they were, “he’s being careful with her, or at least more than we’d expect. He’s clearly uncomfortable with the fact that she’s a child.”
“You’re not coming in with me?” John asked thinking of his earlier daydream.
“Someone made them leave you mean?” John asked as he peered into the room.
“Ten minutes, no speaking.” John insisted as he pulled out an egg timer older than Willa and set it on the table.
John snorted. “You know I expected you to ask that sooner.”
Then there was a set of teeth sunk into the meat of John’s arse, he yelped and jumped. The bed shifted and John could no longer feel the warmth of Sherlock draped over him. He glanced over his shoulder to see Sherlock staring down, no doubt, at the mark he’d just made.
a case.
“No. Why am I getting Sherlock’s trust fund allowance?”
Molly and Aaron arrived first at nearly five. Greg was next but he was alone, Willa looked about ready to cry until he reassured her Mycroft would be there before dinner. Mrs. Hudson was next, coming right up from wherever she’d been shopping, gift bag in hand.
John looked up. “You want to hire a nanny?”
When he turned around Willa was placing something at the table. Upon further inspection he groaned.
She’d fallen into the bottle early, barely into her teens. She’d somehow managed to get into university but failed out in her first term. She never went back and instead spent her life shifting from shop positions to temp agencies and then back again. She’d met her future ex-wife in 2000, the relationship had been rocky from the start, but Clara had stuck by her through two stays in rehab. They eventually married in 2005 while John was home on leave, him being one of the few people to attend their wedding. The divorce came four years later after alleged infidelity on Harry’s part.
“Do you think she understands it? Death I mean.” John asked his back.
in the
“Hello daddy!” Willa answered happily, leaning over so he could see most of her and waving.
“You’ll be able to post what you want and I can post the truth. Makes everything easier.” Sherlock shrugged and turned the computer back himself.
So if drama and angst aren't you're cup of tea hop off the train here. I'm sure I'll be posting more fluff in the future.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as John immaturely stuck his tongue out at him from where he was laying on the bed.
Willa rolled her eyes. “I am a child.”
“She’s who you’ve been texting all this time.” It wasn’t a question, nothing John had to answer. Sherlock had figured out it was Irene from the moment she stepped into their flat looking smugger than the cat that ate the canary.
There really wasn't much for him to do here though, he was itching to get out on the streets but knew there wasn't a place for him there either. Greg was absolutely chaffed to admit that any useful information on her whereabouts would come from Sherlock or through Mycroft's office, not through the Yard. Still, he was texting constantly asking for updates on the case, the responses were all the same. Which was to say absolutely nothing of use.
“John?” Sherlock asked.
“Well that’s finished with.” Sherlock announced when he came into the flat late the Thursday before John’s training.
When John emerged from the shower Willa had finished her breakfast and had neat hair. Sherlock was lying on the sofa with a pillow over his face while she watched cartoons on the lowest possible volume.
John continued to hesitate. “Sherlock I know we’ve taken over the whole flat but this is still your home. You’re always welcome here whenever, at two in the afternoon or two in the morning. If you want, we can find a way for you to move back be it Willa and I moving out or-”
Gregory had given up his vigil less than a half hour before after some, perhaps inappropriately timed, snogging. At the time neither of them had been receiving any new worthy of alert, so there had been no point in both of them being awake given that it had been nearly 24 hours since either of them had slept. He was currently sprawled out on the leather sofa in Mycroft’s office, his mobile resting on his chest.
“Indeed I am.” Mycroft agreed. “Sherlock, felt I had reason to assist him in locating the poisoner.”
~~~~~~
At the mention of sweets Willa’s eyes lit up. “Alright!”
“So, what he helps take care of her?” Harry asked skeptically.
“Books?” Sherlock suggested after thinking. “Or a telescope… both?”
That was a bridge they would have to cross in the future but now, right now, Sherlock was standing on Baker Street.
Greg took a deep breath, crouched down next to it and said one last prayer.
“Really?” John asked, though he wasn’t surprised. Deborah might not have been the best parent, but she honestly tried to love her children.
Once in the bathroom with the door shut John leaned against the sink and took a deep breath. He questioned what the hell he was getting himself into, even if he knew he doubted he wouldn’t go through with it.
“Hello John.” Sherlock said. Anyone else might not have notice the way Sherlock’s voice broke just slightly on his name but John did.
“Because I’m paranoid.” John said simply and walked over to him. He pulled Sherlock down by his collar and kissed him. “You knew that.”
“And when it comes out?”
Willa shrugged and played with the duvet. “It’s in the films. You’re supposed to kiss the person you love at midnight.”
“Wear your black jeans.” Willa announced. She’d found one of John’s books on the bedside table and had it open. It was Tom Clancy’s ‘Against All Enemies’. John wasn’t sure if he should take it from her.
look at Lestrade and see the look of lust in his eyes.
She shrugged and rose to stand behind Sherlock, who was still kneeling in front of John’s chair. He was now wrapping John’s right hand carefully.
Willa did not stop talking about Teddy the entire trip home. Though the question John had been bracing himself for did not make an appearance until the middle of dinner.
John chuckled. “You did. In fact you cried so much I wanted to put you back but I was sadly informed I couldn’t.”
“At the bottom of the stairs leading to my work area. There’s another door to keep him out of the actual flat so we can put a cat door up top.”
Willa sat on the floor in front of them pulling her knees to her chest waiting, she had a present of her own by her side.
John only lingered a little longer than usual the next morning and before he knew it Sherlock found himself alone with Willa.
“Willa, my mobile isn’t a toy. Don’t touch it.” Sherlock warned, confused by her actions.
“Sherlock, it’s me.” John repeated. He took the dropped hand as a good sign and sat on the edge of the bed.
“Erik Wolfe did inject his son with the nicotine.” Sherlock told him after directing the cab towards the medical examiners.
He learned that week that John wasn’t lying when he said he’d use Willa to get Sherlock to eat and sleep. John sent her down to tell him when it was supper time because he knew Sherlock had trouble telling her he wasn’t hungry, worried about the kind of example he was setting her.
Sherlock, clearly doubting John’s competency as a doctor at this point, frown and asked, “are you sure?”
Mycroft had a point and Sherlock hated to admit it. Sherlock himself would never allow strangers near Willa, especially since in the past many of them had turned out to be dangerous. John would never go for photos of murders hanging on the wall anymore. He would need somewhere else before opening business again.
The camera bounced around a bit, showing John a very lovely view of the ceiling, until coming to rest on both Sherlock and Willa sitting on her bed. The laptop was obviously on Sherlock’s lap because he had one arm around Willa and the other hand holding the book.
John was about to ask why when an all too familiar smell assaulted his nose. He turned to Fisher who’d fallen behind him in their assent of the stairs. “Mr. Fisher please stay here.”
John gave him a small smile. “That’s good. Well, no, that’s actually fantastic.”
“If you got married, do you think Sherlock would want to adopt me?” Willa asked between bites of her ice cream.
Only two of the presents were actually labeled as being from Mycroft, the others were wrapped in different paper and had no sender. It was obviously Mycroft’s attempt at playing Father Christmas for Willa. She had not surprisingly been more interested in rolling in the wrapping paper than in the frankly terrifying number of presents. Still when Mycroft arrived in the late afternoon she crawled over to him as he sat on the sofa and held out her arms to be picked up. Mycroft lifted her, still slightly uncomfortable with holding a child but getting better at it.
“Lay down.” Sherlock told him as he stood.
John was testing Sherlock, trying to see if he’d really figured the secret out.
Taylor shrugged. “Sandwiches mostly. She’d use her money to buy bread and jam to keep in her backpack. She said it was cheaper than buying burgers and stuff.”
Kyle was their first living victim.
He needed to see Mycroft but he didn’t want to alarm Sherlock, the last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to feel guilty about the state of his finances. The best way to accomplish both was switch shifts. Molly happily agreed to watch Willa on Saturday which left John free to switch shifts with Dr. Ramos who worked on the weekends.
John looked over and then he nodded in understanding. “Go.”
Willa shrugged unapologetically. “Just because you don’t like something doesn’t mean it isn’t true.” She was parroting words John had said to her dozens of times.
“Listen, John, I believe...” Sherlock started to tell him about his suspicions of Harry but movement from across the street caught his eye. A homeless man was making his way down the road, oblivious to them. “Oh, I’ve been so stupid.” He spat and pointed at the homeless man’s back.
(See the end of the chapter for
~~~~~~
“Good, help me put this around his neck.” Sherlock said brandishing a blue collar with a bell out to John.
Willa held tight to Aunt Harry’s hand as they weaved between tables towards the loo.
Stalk me:
You owe me dinner.
Also I had to throw in little Mystrade too since I love those cuties so much.
Willa got her prawns and Harry ordered the black cod because she knew her brother, or more specifically her brother’s partner, would be paying. Willa was delighted by the sheer amount of fire involved in the preparing of their food and Harry loved watching her niece being enraptured by anything.
“Daddy.” Willa turned so she was facing John, her small feet digging into Sherlock’s thighs. “I stayed up until midnight.”
Irene sighed and rolled her eyes. “DCI Lestrade, the girl isn’t just a casualty in her parent’s bitter custody battle. Who in this world has the power to bring not only the great Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson to their respective knees but also bring the entire British government and, I would bet, a very substantial portion of the NSY to a grinding halt?”
“How much?” Mycroft asked as he finally rose and made his way over to his desk, before he grabbed a coffee he leaned forward and pressed a kiss to his husband’s lips, not caring about the sauce he’d just, no doubt, gotten on himself.
Willa nodded, accidentally knocking her chin off the edge of the bath, before squeezing her eyes shut.
John remained still, hands holding Sherlock in place, head bent and he was panting slightly.
John shook his head. His birthday was at the end of the month and one of the three yearly occasions he and Harry interacted. Harry came for dinner on Willa’s birthday, they went out for John’s and Harry picked either at her flat or out for her birthday. Fortunately or unfortunately all of their birthdays fell between January and June. So while he had to see her three times in six months he also got a six month reprieve from her.
“I want it off! Get it off!” She was shrieking over and over as she fought.
John had still felt the keen sense of something missing but good friends and family had dulled it to an ache.
. A voice that sounded suspiciously like John warned him. “Yes, well I’d like to look at it.” Sherlock ground out hoping he didn’t sound as pained as he felt.
John shook his head. “Seriously Sherlock I don’t know how you can sleep like that. The way you curl up isn’t natural.”
Sherlock decided to make it easier on him. “Besides I will have need of you when I begin taking cases again.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock wanted to climb into the front seat and press his face to the window, to take in the familiar sites and catalogue the changes. He refrained. Mycroft was watching him after all. As the city began to rise up around them he became nervous, all these years of wanting home and suddenly here he was. He needed to do something.
Sherlock nodded. “Without a doubt.”
“Can I get a pony for my birthday?” Willa asked between bites of toast.
Sherlock gave a wide berth to John’s cock and balls as he licked and kissed his way up him. He was alternating sides every few inches and it left John feeling dizzy, not being able to focus on a singular side.
Sherlock peered over John’s shoulder when he got them tickets to Brighton but John offered no explanation. He merely handed over Rosie so he could dig his wallet out from his pocket.
Just an FYI, you can actually kill someone this way. I mean you
It was a rather good idea.
John wondered if he’d have to carry out this entire conversation by himself. “Was it because I asked Molly to babysit and not you?” Yet another nod. “Sherlock you have to talk with me, I’m just guessing here.”
Mycroft didn’t argue, Gregory speaking to them would have a much better chance of working than if he were to do it. Sherlock, despite allegedly having been an adult for a very long time, was always reluctant to follow any suggestions Mycroft might ever give him. Except in the cases where things seemed dire, and while this certainly counted as a ‘dire’ situation, he doubted Sherlock could be reasoned with by himself.
Lukas shook his head. “No. Emma’s an alcoholic without a job while my brother owns one of the top advertising agencies in London. No, there was no way he was losing the case.”
Sherlock looked up to Willa, who had begun watching the television, in surprise. “She was?”
“An experiment.” Willa answered in that voice that implied any of her words might have been ‘duh’.
Sherlock shrugged and tossed the paper back. “You don’t really need it.”
Stalk me:
“You know I would have been happy with a kiss and a ‘happy Valentine’s day’?” John asked as he found Sherlock sitting on the bed with the room service menu in hand.
Sherlock stood and gave John a once over. “I guess John can come to.” His said sounding bored, but his eyes were playful.
John couldn’t answer, not right now. He couldn’t look Sherlock in the face and hold onto the tattered remnants of his composure. He’d promised himself that there’d be no more break downs. No more panicking. He needed to keep it together for Willa because falling apart would do her absolutely no good. It certainly wouldn’t get her home any sooner, likely distracting Sherlock from being able to see that one vital clue that they all knew was out there, somewhere.
Happy holidays everyone! I desperately wanted to write a Christmas themed chapter but Christmas in the story is a few chapters away :(
Willa’s entire face lit up. “Can we ask him?” She bounced in her chair.
“I know.” John chuckled and she joined him.
He’d spent the next year wallowing in his rage, pushing everyone away and drinking himself stupid every night. He was arrested almost monthly for various offenses but every single time he appeared before a judge his service history was looked at and he was let off out of pity. It only pissed him off even more.
“What would you like?” He asked her sliding off the sofa to stand, already positioning the violin under his chin. The weight of the violin was so familiar and lovely he wanted to weep. Instead he focused on Willa.
This had her nodding and moving into the room. John’s altruistic values had clearly been instilled in her.
John smiled to himself as he finally shut his laptop and turned to look at the hotel bed. It wasn’t really that early and he had to manage his way through the trainings tomorrow.
Doctor Trayford nodded, relieved to have something to discuss. “Yes, complete fracture of the right radius. It’ll need to be set before we can cast it. We can do a closed reduction.”
Getting those words out was possibly one of the hardest things she’d done. Listening to John’s choked half sob down the was a close second.
~~~~~~
American. Papa had taken her out and asked her to identify all the tourist’s accents a few times, they went out a lot when Willa’s arm had broken. The last time they’d gone she’d gotten over seventy-five percent of them right. Papa had looked so proud when she’d done that. She was certain Cole was American but Papa wasn’t around to ask.
“We’re in a washroom.” Sherlock said gesturing around them.
As he pressed the third finger inside he dropped his chin to his chest, finally breaking the eye contact. “John.” He moaned.
“But did you spend six hours arranging the clothes?” Molly asked. She was smiling fondly so Aaron hadn’t managed to annoy her too much.
“Sherlock call Mycroft. Now.” John growled as he balled his fists and turned back towards the restaurant. He needed to do something, needed to keep doing something, and at least with Harry he could focus on being a doctor.
Willa nodded excitedly.
“Oh no.” Sherlock groaned as he realized the implications.
Janine tried talking to her again after she’d rinsed out all the dye and scrubbed her head with shampoo that somehow managed to burn Willa’s eyes even though she’d never opened them. She was roughly scrubbing her hair with an old towel when she exclaimed, “oh look at that, you’ve got some curls.”
John lugged the Christmas box down from the storage room next to Willa’s and she squealed loudly at the sight. She would not be deterred from the idea that they had to put up the tree
Sherlock turned slightly in his seat. Whatever they’d been discussing while Greg’s back was turned didn’t seem to have improved John’s temper any.
He felt Sherlock nod above him. “I wanted to make you pull over and fuck me in that ridiculous car.”
He’d considered returning once. Stood on a beach in East London, South Africa (hateful place, didn’t even deserve the title of
She began pulling out Willa’s hair ties and then undoing the braid Papa had put in just before they left. Janine then opened the black box and pulled out a brush. She wasn’t as nice at brushing Willa’s hair as Papa was, even Daddy did a better job, and when she was done Willa’s entire scalp hurt from having her hair pulled.
John retreated into the hall and leaned against the rail fighting the sadness that made him want to cry. John gripped the bannister tight enough his knuckles turned white.
Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath. “Well obviously she is involved as she was the one with the girl when she was taken,” he reminded ever so carefully, “has she called John or Sherlock at all?”
“Yes, doctor’s make the worst patients, thank you. I know.” John said ruefully.
“Do you know who?” Mrs. Hudson asked and she pushed off the wall, recovering from the shock.
Willa looked excited then. “Alright!”
Sure enough, twenty minutes later Sherlock came down carrying Willa who was still rubbing at her eyes.
That brought John up short, Sherlock nearly collided with his back. “Not fatally.” He said eventually. “And
John’s entire body ticked with energy but he didn’t turn or lash out. “She was no longer in the restaurant by the time someone found Harry on the floor.”
Those eyes were sweeping over John, deducing things no doubt. John had never really felt uncomfortable under the calculating gaze as many people did and he wasn’t surprised to find he still didn’t mind. The look though encouraged him to climb to his feet in the doorway and without thinking he stood at attention. Sherlock’s lips twitched like he wanted to smile.
When Sherlock opened the door John realized it had been a lot more work than just removing mould and painting the walls.
~~~~~~
Harry’s eyebrows merged with her hair line. “Papa?”
He couldn’t force the words out because he’d promised not to lie to John and he couldn’t be sure that they would find her soon. Janine’s involvement solidified the fact that Mary had a hand in this, the woman appeared to be the Anthea of the criminal world, always the right hand of the most powerful person in the room.
She glared at John again but complied with Sherlock, disappearing upstairs.
John was torn but Greg waved him off. “Go I can handle it.” He relented.
“I want to ride you.” Sherlock said breathily at the mental image it conjured up.
“Because this concerns your daughter and you would kill for her.” Mycroft leaned forward and turned on a small intercom.
~~~~~~
“What if other kids end up with this?” John asked as they approached Willa and Marie. The girls had found a scrap of paper somewhere and were playing tic-tac-toe on it, an empty snack cake wrapper and two soda bottles sat between them.
Greg sighed and recaptured his balance. He turned to the sea of gridlocked people lining up behind him. “Alright, get to work!” He yelled and despite this not actually being his crime scene, everyone listened.
“Don’t. Also you don’t even get this paper why are you on here?” Sherlock questioned as he gestured to the screen.
“Jesus Christ.” Lestrade cursed when he opened the door, clearly startled by Sherlock’s presence.
As they got to Baker Street Sherlock noticed a young man begging for change on the corner nearest their home. He wasn’t certain how John would react to Willa interacting with his homeless network but he had no doubt that they’d found a lead for him.
He inhaled.
“Willa.” Sherlock realized and John nodded.
She hadn’t been necessarily happy when the bastard had committed suicide, after all he’d made John watch him do it. John had been a mess but at least he’d been free from his manipulative partner, and no matter how many times John denied they were together there was no other word for it. It had been Harry’s sofa John had first slept on when he found he couldn’t live in a flat with a ghost. John had gone on to meet that lovely nurse at his clinic and Harry had truly thought his life was finally back on track, that he’d be able to forget Sherlock Holmes.
He huffed into Mycroft’s office wishing he hadn’t been dressed for the day when they came. It irritated Mycroft greatly when he came in in a dressing gown.
Mycroft looked down at his phone when it vibrated with an incoming message. He rolled his eyes and turned the phone on its face. “Very mature, Sherlock, but no that is not why I called you here.”
“So you don’t want any more children?” Sherlock continued to press. He needed to know the answer to this question.
John pushed himself onto his back and exhaled heavily. “But he
Willa was cleared for general anesthesia and Sherlock and John took up either side of the bed and stroked her hair as she fell asleep. The nurse, a different one from the woman Sherlock had startled, smiled at them.
Sherlock glanced between them for a moment. “Actually, it was my fault. I gave it to her.”
“Alright, alright.” John said and raised his hands in surrender. “You can keep giving her honey if it makes you feel better.”
Harry waited in the quiet of the room she’d been placed in at the hospital. The doctors had come and gone, checking her head and then ordering stitches. It had only taken two to close the wound on the top of her head. Then they had left her, without word as to whether she would be discharged soon.
Sherlock stood and went to John who was leaning against the wall into the living room. “You would never let Mary do anything to hurt Willa and I will never let her do anything to hurt either of you.”
Harry looked startled and actually pushed herself further up the bed as if she could get away from them. “How’d you know about that?”
“I’m agreeable to this.”
John cut him off with a head shake and a raised hand. “Later.”
John made a mental note to ask how exactly Sherlock got hold of Willa’s last round of allergy testing. “But you didn’t ask me.” He insisted.
Sherlock heard the door open and then the sound of John speaking to someone. Sherlock could tell by the pitch it wasn’t Lestrade.  What surprised him, though, was the sound of footsteps ascending on the stairs. John and the someone who had rang the bell.
“I have not received any information in regards to Willa’s whereabouts,” Mycroft told him, almost as an afterthought.
Willa was clearly in pain and scared, there was no way he was leaving her alone with strangers.
He was a little surprised when Lestrade’s phone call was to his own son rather than to immediately put out the word. Only after he thoroughly put the boy off from soda did he call to put out a warning about the tainted soft drinks.
“I believe I just receive the ‘hurt him and I’ll hurt you’ speech from your daughter.” Sherlock said and he sounded genuinely entertained by the fact.
Lestrade took this as a sign to carefully approach them. Sherlock wanted to protest as John stood straighter and pulled away from him, he’d been unaware that comforting John had been a comfort to himself, but he kept quiet. He compromised by following John, one arm still around him.
Willa was lying on the floor reading when John walked in. She held up her hand with the plaster. “I cut my hand.”
Of course, that wasn't their fault, they were concerned about the nasty blow to the head she'd taken. They were only coming in every hour or so to check her vitals and perform, what she'd been told were, standard neurological tests. Harry wasn't sure, but she thought John might have told them about her drinking history since they seemed overly cautious with her. She couldn't remember if being an alcoholic would affect a concussion. It's something she might have known long ago but had slipped away as she drank.
Hopefully the next chapter comes along a bit more quickly
Sherlock ran through the list of every woman connected to the case.
“Take her to the morgue,” He ordered and then turned out from the tent.
Sherlock braced himself as John marched towards him, preparing himself for the hit he knew was coming. He wouldn’t dodge it, John had every right.
Unfortunately, the excitement near the front of the building seemed to have scared everyone off. Sherlock quickly wracked his brain trying to decide where everyone might have gone.
Sherlock was summarily, unimpressed with the crime scene in Peckham. He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting when they arrived, but he’d known what he’d hoped for. A single tiny piece of evidence to point him in the right direction. As of right now, he didn’t know whether the fire was even connected to Willa’s disappearance. Should he include the entire scene as evidence or discount it as some other crime that had occurred last night.
She quickly used the toilet and changed, still uneasy of the fact that there were strangers on the other side of the door.
Sherlock watched as John’s jaw ticked as he made an effort not to do anything.
John was impressed that she trusted his daughter enough to let her hold the baby without hovering. They both pulled out their mobiles at the same time, exchanged a glance and then giggled.
"Nothing new?" Greg asked though he'd already gotten his answer.
“Yes?” He asked.
“Alright, John,” Greg said as he reappeared in the room. He now had on gloves and was carrying an evidence bag, a few more police had followed him up the stairs. No doubt forensics ready to go over the place since it had been determined that it was somewhere Willa had been. They were all dutifully waiting behind him.
She tried to say something but it came out mumbled, her mouth not moving the way it was supposed to.
John wasn’t sure why she, of all people, was having such a hard time with this.
There was a tug, she had assumed Janine had shrugged. “I dunno, but it’s better than leaving her like she was,” she said from above her.
“What?”
Her face may still have been the same but in the dark bathroom, she looked like a totally different little girl.
He sent the concise message just as she finished arguing with her zipper.
“Headache?”
It took just a moment too long before she remembered herself and laughed in the face of Sherlock’s rage. “Fine, I’ll look for her, but I won’t be sticking my neck out for nothing,” near the door she paused and turned to narrow her eyes at John, “you will owe me, John Watson.”
John nodded knowingly. “You saw red and all you could think about was making him disappear so he could never even get to think about her again.”
No doubt he would get sunburnt and be miserable but it would be worth it to see her and John on holiday. They would go during a full moon so he could teach her the most about tidal schedules and sea life, while John would teach her how to build sand castles during the day. John’s tan would make a reappearance and Willa’s hair would lighten in the sun, her freckles darkening again. He was about to pull out his phone to check for the perfect date when the car pulled to a stop in front of the flat.
Sherlock folded the note up and returned to living room.
On his part time salary at the surgery he’d be able to afford the rent, the other bills and some food but there was no way he’d be able to pay Willa’s school tuition or her tutor’s fee. Even if he went full time he would only be just able to cover the tutor and the rest would go to better quality food. Things would be tight unless he got a job at a proper hospital and worked overtime.
John did a double take after he said that. “Are you sure? You hate Christmas shopping and well… Christmas.”
“Why?”
John’s face lit up in understanding. “Because Erik wasn’t injecting him with insulin he was giving him the nicotine, but why would he do that?”
“Really, John? She was interesting, a puzzle and nothing more.” Sherlock informed him and went towards the bedroom to change.
On Monday night and Wednesday just after midnight John would wage war on Sherlock’s concentration.
Gregory stirred on the lounge and Mycroft instantly regretted raising his voice. He’d decided that there was no reason to wake his husband until he was sure there was something to tell him.
Thomas nodded in understanding. “Ah the things we do for kids.” She then held out the stack of files to him. “It’s fairly cut and dry though, dad definitely did it.”
“Say it again.” He repeated, voice low.
Sherlock enveloped him into a hug. “I’m sorry.” He whispered into John’s ear.
“Of course you do, lovely, that’s very nice of you.” Harry said and awkwardly patted Willa on the back. She let the subject drop then but the look she gave John warned that their conversation wasn’t over.
“He’s also very married to Mycroft.” Sherlock interjected finally tearing his eyes away from John.
caused this. She bit on her lip to keep the confession inside. John would murder her if he found out regardless of the fact that right up until tonight it had all been innocent. He wouldn’t see it that way, all he would see was the betrayal and he would kill her. She wasn’t joking and she didn’t think that Sherlock would do anything to stop him, in fact he might help.
“Gregory is not with you?” Mycroft asked never taking his eyes from his brother.
“Endothermic.” She answered, delighted she knew the answer.
Sherlock groaned when he realized Mycroft wouldn’t get to the point quickly and finally sat. “You would know how John is, you seem to be close now.”
He didn’t disappear downstairs after Willa went to bed and that might have been what tipped John off. He emerged from the kitchen with glasses and a bottle of liquor.
“Do you think it wise?” Sherlock was worrying too. Just because they had no proof this year was different didn’t mean he couldn’t stop imagining Mary taking Willa while she was out from under their protection.
“We were instructed to ensure you’re not armed.” She said not even looking up.
When he finally got his fill of the scar he moved to the other side. He kissed and licked and sucked his way down John’s back until John was certain there really wasn’t a centimeter he hadn’t tasted. John was half hard by this point and floating. It was nice, not necessarily erotic but intimate and romantic in a way only Sherlock could pull off.
Of course the stress and lack of sleep wasn’t helping any either.
Both John and Willa were dressed nicely. John had put on a maroon cardigan, that looked nearly identical to one he’d owned years ago, over a white shirt with black trousers. Sherlock didn’t really want to make an effort to dress nicely for Mycroft’s dinner but he had a feeling Willa and John would both have something to say about it if he didn’t.
“That’s actually why we’re here instead of my house.” Molly continued. “Aaron is doing a bit of DIY on the nursery.”
“I’ve got to go,” Gregory told him as he stood from the sofa.
“Mycroft and Lestrade have offered to take Willa next weekend.” He called to John who was starting their dinner.
“God you really are serious about this aren’t you?” John asked even as he was shedding his towel and moving to lay down.
“Wait I have one more gift.” John said eventually before disappearing.
Lestrade jumped in his seat when Sherlock pushed open the door.
Sherlock glared at John, just because he’d done it didn’t mean he was going to admit it out loud.
Sherlock stood abruptly. “I’m going out.”
That wasn’t to say he tolerated use in the slightest. He’d been so angry and disappointed when he found out Sherlock was using after their wedding. His words had done more damage than Molly’s slaps.
“Molly called.” John said when it was Willa’s turn, he knew better than to interrupt Sherlock.
“At this point you might want to think about alerting the press.” The unknown man’s voice answered him.
He assumed Sherlock was already asleep until there was a shuffling noise and the other man appeared in the doorway. “She doesn’t mind it, do you Willa?”
~~~~~~
Sherlock walked back into the room as John slid the phone back into his pocket.
“Alright.” She agreed and he hugged her tighter.
“Alright, you sit here where I can see you.” John warned Willa and sat her in the waiting room adjacent from Kyle’s hospital room.
Willa drank down the entire cup of water without noticing it and the woman took it away with a soft smile.
Within weeks his money ran dry. Mycroft had clearly gotten word he was using again and stopped the steady trickle of funds he’d been providing.
Sherlock’s mouth snapped shut and he pouted.
Willa nodded solemnly as she went about setting up her equipment. “Mr. West says it’s important to experiment with things because otherwise we won’t learn how it all works.”
John nodded in agreement and chewed a biscuit thoughtfully. “I think he’ll agree to at least tomorrow but I’m not sure about Wednesday or next week.”
Sherlock was still pacing when he heard them get back home.
Sherlock pulled open the upper flap and gasped at what he saw inside.
He thought John trusted him and it wasn’t even like Sherlock was actively taking cases or had the means for consuming experiments. Besides, Willa would probably have been overjoyed to work on more of their list.
Sherlock didn’t want to mention the brother, instead he angled for Lestrade’s heartstrings. “Noah was Willa’s friend.”
“Oh very good, John.” Sherlock said.
“Jesus, Harry.” John cursed as he worked to lay her out flat on the floor. “Come on, Harry wake up.” He shouted even though he knew it was no use.
When Willa was three John had decided he was done living solely off the money that magically appeared in his bank account each month and went back to work three days a week at a surgery. Willa was in nursery school for a week when she came home with the word ‘why’ blazing around in full force.
John and Greg had bundled up the girls the next morning and dragged a reluctant David along and found a decent sledging hill on the grounds. Mycroft had eventually deigned to join them, bundled up against the elements in a way only he could manage. Greg then made the mistake of teaching the girls how to pack proper snowballs and the whole thing had devolved into a war. Even Mycroft had thrown some at John and Greg. Three adults, one teenager and two little girls had gone into the house that afternoon red faced and dripping with snow. The girls had curled up by the fire under a spare duvet and fell asleep while the adults shared a few fingers of brandy. Greg had even let David try a sip and the men pretended not to laugh at the face he pulled.
“Sherlock?” John asked finally voicing his own confusion.
John pulled the back of his cardigan over the gun. “Probably not.”
John, after having rescued his computer from certain death, wrapped his arms around her. “Why is that?”
John glanced behind him at the clock. “You know what? I had a nap earlier and I am too. Let me get changed and I’ll go on upstairs.”
“That has got to be the most British cat name I’ve ever heard.” He said to Sherlock.
“Sherlock…” John started but it devolved into a stream of curses under his breath when he heard the lock turn.
John straightened up and plastered on his best ‘everything is fine’ smile. “Good morning, we were hoping to impose on you for tea.”
He’s been wondering when John is going to tell her about Mary. She’s more than old enough to notice she was missing a mother. He’s surprised she hasn’t asked already.
Sherlock had feared cheating at first, a thought that had been crawling in the dark recesses of his mind since John had gone to Wales. Except John was barely leaving the house for anything other than work and on the rare occasions he left alone there was never any sign of infidelity. John certainly never seemed any more pleasant after he got back.
“Do you? Well good because I miss you to.” John told him.
It wasn’t that Sherlock was a man, it might have been years and years ago but John knew more than what to expect from that. It was the fact that Sherlock was
At 9:03 just as he was dressing after his shower his computer began ringing. John smiled when he saw an incoming video call from Sherlock.
“John, I doubt there’s anything you could tell me now that would make me not want this.” Sherlock insisted vehemently.
~~~~~~
“Of course I’m happy.” Sherlock said but his voice still sounded suspicious.
“I’m sorry
Sherlock moved completely away from John then. “Willa.” He called.
no more secrets.”
John nodded, and Sherlock lit up all over now.
. Plural.”
He hugged her as she got to them. There was no warmth or particular fondness in their hugs, they were perfunctory. Simply the easiest way for John to determine the state of her sobriety. It wasn’t that John didn’t like his sister, he did when she was sober, but they had never been the hugging kind of family. Their parents had been the same way, reserved in showing their affection. It was why John hugged Willa and Sherlock every chance he got.
“Nothing, just Willa and I had a similar conversation earlier.” John admitted.
They explored the museum and planetarium properly. Willa would only pull them aside at points and ask questions about the cases. Sherlock found himself enjoying the tour of the planetarium and made notes of things he wanted to add to their astronomy lessons.
"Oh, aren't you clever," Janine said, but it didn't sound like a compliment. She gripped Willa's hand even harder to keep her from going anywhere else.
Mycroft’s mouth drew into a thin line, his lips almost disappearing. “And you cannot tolerate that. My life revolves around my family, Sherlock. Blood or otherwise acquired. You left and before I had Gregory and his children John, in yet another one of his foolish acts of kindness, handed over his child who is to him more precious than gold. He placed her in my arms and trusted me, something you have never done. At least not in such explicit terms.”
“He’s bigger than Willa was, by about two pounds, I think.” John said as he perched on the arm of the loveseat.
Willa let out a noise and dramatically threw herself backwards across his legs so her head came to rest on one of Sherlock’s thighs. “So never.” She announced petulantly.
John had stayed with Mary even though Sherlock was back, sure he was indulging in Sherlock’s insanity but he was still managing to have a decent life. He got married and when John told her Mary was expecting Harry had been thrilled for them, John had always wanted children. That was the last time she had seen John until Willa was over a year old. John hadn’t told her exactly what went on only that Sherlock was gone, most likely forever and that Mary had left him and the baby as well.
Anthea looked up from her phone and sighed. “You are aware you applied for a spot nearly six months after everyone else had, right?”
“Third?”
Sherlock couldn’t hear the person on the other end but John grinned.
Fifteen minutes had passed before Sherlock reappeared in the living room. He cast a quick glance at John, face sheepish, before walking back to his chair.
Mycroft looked up and his gaze seemed to pin John to the seat. For just a second it was easy to see the relation between Sherlock and his brother. “I may not regularly participate in sentiment but I do understand it, at least in this case. My brother-”
The first being that Mycroft had zero issue answering Greg’s phone and seemed to enjoy John’s brief discomfort when he realized who had answered. The second was that Mary had been exceptionally intelligent, even Sherlock had noted that, so it shouldn’t have been a surprise that Willa was going that way as well. The third was perhaps the most surprising: the source of the mysteriously appearing money.
Jessica was very studiously not looking at Gregory as she spoke.
Gregory was hovering behind him looking increasingly worried.
Sherlock, it seemed, had been the one he’d seen moving through the window. He was pacing about the living room, every so often stopping and glancing out a window. He was waiting for something, Mycroft wasn’t sure what though. John, on the other hand, was seated in his chair, only his eyes tracing Sherlock’s route around the room.
John got off the bed and walked back around to Willa. He pulled the covers back and chuckled softly when he saw her wearing one of his shirts. He raised an eyebrow at Sherlock.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked and he reached out to pull John’s hand from his face.
“John, we have a lead,” Sherlock reminded him, a little impatient with John.
It would have been nothing to place a gun back into John’s hand, wave a paper in his face, and ship him off to parts unknown. But Sherlock was so taken with the little doctor that he allowed their friendship to grow. Because even if some of it was at his expense, Mycroft enjoyed watching Sherlock experience the joys and tragedies of friendship.
Sherlock’s entire body went taught.
Sherlock raised a single eyebrow perhaps not in challenge but in question.
There was still a few hours until Willa’s bedtime, which Sherlock had promised to call him for, so John mindlessly channel hopped. Once it was clear that wasn’t going to hold his attention for much longer he got up and showered.
“Alright?” John asked and stood to take her.
Sherlock was uncommonly gentle when he grabbed John’s wrists and turned his palms upwards. Speaking softly when he said, “no, John, you are.”
Sherlock slid her into his lap and then climbed carefully out. She snuffled softly, burying her face in his coat before relaxing again. John hovered around them uncertainly before settling his hand on Sherlock’s lower back and unnecessarily guiding him into the building. Sherlock would never complain about it though.
“Yes?” She asked.
John was proud that he startled only a little when he descended the stairs after tucking Willa in to find Sherlock curled in his chair again. He had a crystal glass of whisky in hand, a matching one was on the table next to John’s chair.
“Then why am I here?” John asked.
John grinned at him and leaned over to press a kiss to his lips. Willa refrained from making rude noises at them and giggled instead as she pulled off her bizarre bear backpack she’d insisted on bringing with.
“No, you’re not allowed to speak for the next ten minutes unless it’s about your homework.”
“What do you see, Sherlock?” John asked after the second replay.
“Turn over.” Sherlock told him. John realized now that the other man wasn’t entirely unaffected by these proceedings.
During the third week in January the renovation in 221C is finally completed. John had gotten used to passing workers on his way out in the morning and hearing the sounds of construction carry on below them into the evenings. He’s not sure what had taken the renovation so long but he hadn’t stepped foot in the flat in years, it might have been worse off than he remembers.
“Alright…?”
“Well.” John said once he’d started breathing normally again. “That’s cleared then.”
“Bathroom, no further.” Sherlock informed her as he crossed the room and lifted her from the bed.
For his part Mycroft didn’t even look up. “Gregory is hardly a goldfish Sherlock. If we must make aquatic references I would liken him more to a dolphin: social, intelligent…”
Sherlock ignored him in favor of continuing his path up John’s chest.
Willa was eating toast before school when he noticed it. “You’ve been eating honey on toast every morning. Is that your new favorite?” He asked absently when he walked out to find her at the table.
“No, it’s really not.” John said, not bothering to look up at her from his next text.
Sherlock went back to the laptop again after he sat.
He kissed along Sherlock’s neck while he was reading through a file and then whispered the most wonderfully filthy things into his hear. Sherlock was irritated with himself when his traitor body reacted to John’s words.
“Exactly, we’ll have her back in no time.” Mrs. Hudson said and gave a quick nod as if agreeing with herself. “What can I do?” She asked.
John, of course, ignored him and set to work peeling back the glass until there was enough space that he could reach out and grab whatever was hanging off the side of the building. He struggled a moment, part of the cloth pinned beneath the wood, but after pulling a bit more, it came free.
John laughed and replaced the photo on the shelf. “They’re surprisingly good for each other. It was weird as hell at first but it’s good.”
John looked to Mycroft with a pleading face but Mycroft didn’t help. “Fine.” John exclaimed loudly as he turned towards Sherlock finally. “Sherlock what are you planning to do about the money situation?”
John huffed out a laugh. “She probably could.”
This chapter was terrible to write. This is the fourth (?) version. Also I'd like to thank BBC for giving me inspiration for something. :)
Mr. West looked to John and relaxed. “Oh you’ve got a meeting with Doctor Drescher? Is everything alright?”
John paused a moment to inhale. He picked up on the traces of perfume Sherlock was talking about. It was floral and subtle, definitely something he would attribute to a mature woman.
“Yes, I do and I always have.” John snarled back.
When Sherlock had returned, oh then things had gotten so much more interesting.
The next day John allowed her to skip school, mostly because he didn’t think Mr. West would appreciate the giant ball of sulk Willa would turn into if she learned John was going to meet the baby without her.
John shook his head. “Not seriously. He was diabetic, Willa was fascinated by his insulin pump for a while.”
John grinned at him. “Now come sleep or go away.”
“Woah, place looks great.” Greg stated with a whistle as he looked around the room.
“She’ll be at school.”
Sherlock actually spluttered and just for that John was more than willing to sacrifice his bowls to her experiments.
“Yes.” Sherlock agreed.
I deviated slightly from my normal writing for this chapter because the Mary conversation NEEDED to be in Sherlock's POV.
John sighed after a moment, his hand stilling. “Alright, you can ask her tomorrow if she’d like to stay home. You two can make her cupcakes or something.” John relented.
game, Sherlock, there is no king, only the queen.”
“Well you’re certainly getting older.” Harry told her. “Your hair makes you look at least ten.”
They were so perversely obsessed with one another. The constant need to outwit, outdo, and even out speak one another. It seemed like a lifetime ago, the first time they’d met, John had mistaken that obsession for lust, for attraction, and not just the compulsive need to always be right.
“Stop Sherlock.” John said through gritted teeth, because that was the very last thing he wanted to say. “Sherlock, stop.” He repeated and tugged at Sherlock’s hair.
Willa ended the day covered head to toe in pink frosting and with half a toy store spread out on the living room floor. Greg’s daughter, Addison, was laying on the floor next to her trying to entertain Willa with one of the new gifts but all she wanted to do was chew on the wrapping.
Sherlock just made a noise at him.
After a lively argument for and against olives, in which John realized both Holmeses and Willa were on the same wide while he and Greg were opposing, Willa was instructed that David and Addison were in the media room. She bounced off in that direction.
Not that Sherlock hadn’t noticed, of course he’d noticed he was Sherlock bloody Holmes it would have been worrying if he hadn’t.
John dropped to his knees, hands sliding under Sherlock’s hips to urge him further towards the edge of the bed.
Because she might come off as a bit unbelievable with her intelligence feel like I should note Willa is based a bit off myself at 6yr old, I actually did learn how to read at 4.
“I know.” Sherlock said taking a deep breath and willing himself to relax.
“Sir, I don’t think...” The protest came but Greg was having none of it.
“We could leave if Harry and Willa would just get back.” John said as he impatiently checked his watch for the third time in the last fifteen minutes. He never understood females and their ability to spend half an hour in the toilets.
“Yes, and this time six years ago I was watching your heart beat on a monitor wondering if you’d ever come.” John informed her.
If he weren’t so tired Greg would be annoyed. Everyone in the roomed seemed to be forgetting that he was a detective and damn good one too. There was a time in his life when his husband didn’t practically run the government and his brother in law wasn’t a slightly mad ‘consulting’ detective.
Sherlock didn’t understand and that was not acceptable.
Molly was shocked when she saw the time. “John really, why did you let us sleep this long.” She protested and shoved her husband’s leg to wake him.
It wasn’t until Sherlock and John were standing shoulder to shoulder, Willa in front of them, that she finally stopped trying to push them closer.
Sherlock folded his arms. “I was busy.”
It was easier to work into the kiss with Sherlock at this level and John’s hand came up and wrapped around the back of his neck, pulling him closer. When they finally parted, he kept his hand there, preventing Sherlock from moving too far away.
“Have you seen the paper?” Mycroft asked.
Her eyes lit up and her lips formed a perfect ‘O’. “From Daddy’s stories?” She asked excitedly.
He’d started with her fingertips because he couldn’t bear to look at her face. He wasn’t squeamish, he’d done this sort of thing to dozens of corpses over the years but this was something he’d never done to a child. Her skin was so thin and fragile, pulling off the fingerprints was no unlike skinning a fish.
Sherlock managed to remain polite throughout their late lunch and continuously nauseating small talk. He didn’t even snap at the man across from them on the train who kept popping his chewing gum on their ride home. He managed to keep everything calm and normal until they’d fed, bathed and put Rosie into her bed.
“Alright but I need you to go to my room and look for a book with two polar bears on it.” John said finally releasing Sherlock from his struggles.
~~~~~~
John wasn’t drunk which was a good thing, Sherlock wasn’t sure how he’d explain that to Willa. Instead he was still wearing his jacket, hair mussed like he’d been running his hands through it repeatedly. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.
Willa crawled unsteadily around the floor of the cottage as John and Uncle Mycroft (John had mostly forgiven him and Mycroft had only argued over the moniker once) poured over the surveillance photos and planned the return to London.
Willa, who rarely slept in, remained in bed past eight.
“Janine?” John cried out as he looked at the picture.
Sherlock had stayed the night on the sofa, not leaving as he normally did. Willa had awoken before John, her internal clock dragging her awake at six despite it being a weekend. John had woken just past nine and momentarily panicked when he realized she’d not come in and gotten him. Then he heard her and Sherlock in the kitchen.
Jessica must have heard it in his voice because she nodded and scrambled out of the room without another word.
“We don’t know it’s her!” Greg yelled.
“Oh god,” Molly’s hand flew up to her mouth as she realized the gravity of the situation.
Willa tore her attention from the book and looked past John at Sherlock. She climbed off her chair and stood next to John. John nudged her shoulder forward. “Introduce yourself, love.”
“Indeed.”
Eating with Mycroft and Lestrade wasn’t the worst thing Sherlock had ever done, he had been tortured after all. They managed to remain mostly civil throughout the entire dinner. Lestrade’s presence alone took the bite out of Mycroft’s retorts and one sharp look from him when Sherlock had made a comment about Mycroft’s diet had caused Sherlock to unexpectedly shut up.
Sherlock was sure he was pouting, just going off the amused look on John’s face but he stood. “I will spend an entire two hours exploring your cock.” He promised, whispering into John’s ear.
“Will I need to tell you something.” He announced that night in the middle of dinner. Sherlock froze, fork paused halfway to his mouth.
Their suite was done tastefully in dark wood and upholstery but light colored bedding. This was exactly the kind of room he could see Sherlock in, which was probably why it had been picked. The bathtub was approximately the size of their entire bathroom at Baker Street. Of course there was an equally large shower with enough fixtures to be confusing. John stared at it long and hard, imagining all the things he wanted to do to Sherlock in it.
“What happened with Mary?”
He was thinking about the last Christmas he’d spent with anyone. That had been the Christmas he’d shot Magnessen to protect John. Sherlock had purposefully avoided the holiday in the following years, not that it would have mattered he was only a ghost then. The idea of spending the day at his brother’s house with everyone was causing panic to well up in his chest. There was no way he was going to spend the day in hell like that.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shook his head. “No, he’s busy in court today, he’ll be home later though and I bet he’ll be excited to see you’re arm.”
“Nearly six, I came to tell you I’ve got supper in the oven.”
“Irene, shut up.” John snapped, having given up trying to pacify Sherlock. “She’s missing.”
“John is everything alright?” She asked after opening her door.
Sherlock found himself toeing off his shoes and crawling onto the mattress. The sheets smelt completely of John, especially on the side closest to the door. He buried his head in the pillow and drowned in the scent.
“Good night, little one.” John said smiling at his sleepy-eyed daughter.
“That is true but it’s New Year’s Eve.” John agreed. “What’s the point in going out if you don’t get properly soused?”
The block he’d placed on telling John and Sherlock about the body was as much because he was their friend, and family, as it was because it was procedure. He wasn’t going to tell them until he was sure it wasn’t her… or if it was.
“Besides baking is very scientific.” Sherlock continued and upon watching her face light up he knew he’d won the argument.
John posted his write up of the Thallium murders, which he insisted on calling the ‘Soda Slayings’, just days after the original article about their romantic weekend was published. The combination of those two things had the hits on the blog skyrocketing during the last week of February. In March the traffic of private clients picked up.
Molly was the first to get to him, “John,” she pleaded softly and grabbed his arm trying to help him up.
“In any other scenario Isabelle would have been the mistress but no your mistress is older, most likely as old as you are going by her perfume, not someone a celebrity manager would be dating.” Sherlock clarified for them.
Sherlock looked up at John who suddenly busied himself with the dishes. “Where else do you go?”
John woke to the sound of someone shouting. It was the kind of wakeup call that had him on his feet in seconds, he ran from the bedroom into the living room just in time to hear the front door slam. Then his mobile began ringing.
Willa shook her head without thinking about it.
John sighed, threw up his hands and sat in the empty chair.
Sherlock had managed to listen to her cry for an impressive two minutes, but then Rosie pulled out the dirtiest of tricks. “Lah-lah” she’d hiccoughed out between wails. The noise that had ripped from Sherlock’s throat startled John enough he didn’t even try to stand in between the detective and the stairwell.
John messaged back after he administered the medication and took her temperature, which was thankfully normal.
John pressed into him slowly. Sherlock honestly wondered if he would die before John was all the way in him. He helped through the last centimeters by snapping his hips down.
Sherlock still looked put out. “You’re mocking me.” He pouted.
“It’s my job.” John asserted.
Once Sherlock had shut the laptop and settled Willa back into the bed she was yawning. “Do you think daddy will be happy about my room?” She asked
Willa came back downstairs in a hunter green velvet dress, she was wearing black tights and black patent boots. She handed him a hair brush and her bag of hair ties before throwing herself down onto a kitchen chair.
“Because,” Mycroft said, shifting his glance towards John, “the other options are even less favorable for you.”
“Why?” Was all Sherlock asked and John stared at the back of his head incredulous to how the other man could sound so calm.
Greg rolled the words around in his mind before deciding, “yeah, alright, I’ll come out. Text me the address?”
“Alright” Willa agreed.
John made a choking noise. “Last night?” He repeated.
Willa nearly ran into him at the foot of the stairs. “Oh.” She said. “Where are you going?”
Mycroft smiled smugly when he realized he’d gotten his point across. “I’m not asking you to. You’re aware 221C has never been rented successfully.”
John walked in followed by a familiar looking man. “Er, Sherlock this is Lukas Wolfe.” He introduced.
“I’m Doctor Trayford.” The man said eyeing the funduscope John still held in his hand. “And you are?”
Sherlock made a distressed noise and then buried his entire face in the spot. “You should really stop getting hurt.”
“For you and John, yes.” He agreed finally.
Willa had a large number of toys with everything from dolls to a robotics kit. There were even more books than toys and they filled shelves that circled the room. Sherlock was pleased to see an even mixture of fiction and nonfiction among them. A biography of Marie Curie sat on a shelf next to a book called ‘Pirate Princess’. On her nightstand was ‘The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe’ with a bit of paper sticking out acting as a bookmark.
That had been their first (and last) go at letting her cry it out.
John messaged him before Sherlock had even dropped Willa off at school, apologizing for being so tired the night before.
“Hold on. Suite?” John clarified.
~~~~~~
“Alright Willa it’s time to leave, Marie your mother said you could go back in with your brother.” John told the girls and started pulling Willa towards him.
John swallowed down the lump in his throat.
For nearly six years it had just been John and Willa. Sure they had a fantastic family who frequently dropped everything for them but for day to day it was just them. He could vividly remember the day she said her first word or the first time she’d read him a book without help. He’d never known watching someone grow could be this painful.
Sherlock obeyed and wrapped a hand around his neglected cock, stroking himself.
Mycroft laughed, not just a chuckle but a full laugh. “John that is half of his monthly allowance. I thought you’d be uncomfortable with the full amount. Half to you, a quarter in a savings account for Willa for university and the other quarter goes into an… offshore account.”
He wasn’t supposed to be on this case, wasn’t meant to get information before anyone else. But he’d shoved himself in front, for John and Sherlock and Mycroft. Because he’d wanted to feel useful, now all he felt was bloody stupid.
Sherlock knew there were four people, including John, who had authorization to take Willa from school. Even those three people had to meet with the head teacher and show some form of ID. John had told him he’d made it so even if he called or wrote a note to permit someone else, the school was still not allowed to release her. John was terrified that Mary would find a way to take her from the school.
“Willa come here please.” John called, his tone level.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder at the new pile of presents and then turned back to John with an enigmatic grin. “Father Christmas.”
He moaned when he added the second finger. He watched John’s cock twitched at the noise, a bead of precome dripping onto John’s stomach. Sherlock pressed the fingers in and out all under John’s steady gaze. He scissored his fingers apart and moaned, John echoed him.
“When we first met you said it was your friend.” John explained. Sherlock glanced up and saw that the other man had a faraway look on his face. “Mycroft had already rescued your violin. So I kept him because of what you said I think.”
Sherlock really did intend on taking cases again. He knew it wouldn’t be as simple as he made it sound, John would be more hesitant to run head first into danger but Sherlock had realized long ago he needed John to work at his best. He’d survived in exile but only just barely, there were new scars as a testament the fact he hadn’t been as quick as he should have been.
daughter as well that Sherlock’s mind could not fully process.
Willa was already climbing back over him. “Can I have toast?”
“He’s so small.” He breathed after a minute of adjusting to the new weight in his arms.
Sherlock considered her for a moment. “Would you like me to?”
Sherlock looked up to the baby, torn.
Sherlock nodded.
John showed Molly where he’d hidden the sparkling cider and kissed Willa once more before they left.
“He’s wandering about the city rebuilding his homeless network.” Mycroft informed him.
“How’s it mate?” John asked and pat his shoulder as they filed past.
“Fine, you’re being an arse to your daughter and currently to me. Give me the butter and go shower until the medicine kicks in.” Sherlock said and reached over to take the butter from him without waiting.
While still satisfied that he’d thought ahead to covering Willa’s hair Sherlock had not thought about his own. He showered while the fifth batch was in the oven, instructing Willa to alert him if it smelled like burning.
She nodded. “Great.”
John had given into the desire to think about Sherlock. He and Willa had spent the day in London visiting all of his favorite cases. They’d ended the trip having evening tea with Mrs. Hudson at Baker Street.
“Myself, Gregory, his two children, Mrs. Hudson, John and Willa. We invited Molly and Aaron but they’re in Ipswich visiting family. Can we expect you as well?”
“Really? Well then you’re in for a treat.” Janine said and she stood up off the mattress and walked over to a chair, there was a bag on it. “We’re going to have our own salon right here.” She continued as she dug through the bag. “Would you like that?”
“Parenting. You’re good at being a parent.” John explained. Sherlock’s face only turned more confused. “You do realize you’ve been Willa’s second parent basically since you came back, right?”
It’s not that he hadn’t learned anything, he had. He’d learned that they got together at least once a year for lunch and catching up. He’d learned he was right, Luke did serve under John and when he was telling a story about their shared past he referred to John as Captain Watson. He’d learned that John unconsciously straightened his back every single time he was called Captain Watson. But what he hadn’t learned was what any of this had to do with the secret John had told him about.
“He handed it to you though.” Sherlock said and tried to pass back the file.
“Is Sherlock my stepdad?” Willa asked out of the blue as she began pulling off the bits of burger she didn’t like, also known as all the veggies.
I especially love the roses.
This only made John laugh harder.
“Oh thank god, I don’t even know where she got that thing.” John said upon seeing what he was doing.
“I can’t say I’ll always make you happy but you can’t do that anymore.” John told him as he set aside his mug.
“How did Noah die, Mr. Wolfe?” Sherlock asked and leaned forward in his seat.
John did chuckle then and shook his head. Sherlock leaned back down and traced his tongue around the shape of John’s arse from his lower back to the top of his thigh and then back again. He mirrored it on the other side. When Sherlock’s hands came up to part the muscles of his arse John buried his head into the mattress, having a feeling as to where this was going.
He was using sarcasm suddenly, protecting himself against something. That’s when it made sense.
“What?”
“Harriet, I’m glad you could come.” Sherlock said with false sweetness, intentionally using her name to grate on her.
Sherlock hummed at him.
Sherlock managed to get his jeans undone and pushed them down along with his pants. John released him to step back and kick them off.
“I believe congratulations are in order Doctor Watson.” Mycroft said mildly as John slid in.
There was shuffling down the line until Sherlock spoke, “Molly?”
Mycroft knew for a fact that neither man had slept and caffeine could only keep one going for so long.
His brother had found himself a goldfish.
“It’s alright love, that’s Cole and he’s not going to hurt you. Right Cole?” The woman asked, her voice was hard at the end like she was warning him he’d better agree with her.
“I don’t know but I will ask you one thing, John.” Sherlock said and rounded on him. “How does a six-year-old get nicotine poisoning?”
But in the past week I decided to finally sit down and finish it.
Mycroft looked down at his fingers and considered them for a moment. “I did not wish to…
Willa accepted the answer. “Uncle Mycroft gave Sherlock tickets when he was here for tea.”
“Should we go out for lunch to celebrate?” John asked her as they walked out of the office.
“I know but it’s her first day back after break. She’ll want to see all her friends and talk about what they got for Christmas.” John sounded like he was trying to reason with himself as much as Sherlock.
“What’s in the cupcakes you and your father make?” Sherlock asked her.
Willa screwed up her face. “Gross.” She whispered just loud enough for them to hear. This earned her a smile from Sherlock, John hadn’t even though the other man was paying attention.
“Let us know when the police have spoken to you.” John told her before sweeping out of the room, Sherlock hot on his heels.
(why yes I am a drama queen)
A moan spilled from Sherlock’s lips and John was instantly determined to hear it a hundred times more that night.
“There is plenty of anecdotal evidence and besides not enough actual studies have been done on the subject.” Sherlock protested sounding offended at John’s laughter.
Willa’s eyes snapped open, Sherlock had been sure not to let her sleep yet, given the blow to the head but she’d been resting anyway.
“Thank you. Willa will be thrilled.” John said and turned back to his book.
“Sherlock.” John said in warning, cutting the other man off.
Sherlock wondered how often Mary had ignored Willa’s cues for attention before the infant had learned she wasn’t interested. It broke his heart because Willa thrived under positive attention.
This was what got the other man’s eyes to open. “What is it?” He asked even though his eyes weren’t even focused yet, a response learned after years of constantly being on alert as a detective.
Poor John gets less than 900 words. Oh well I'm sure I'll make it up to him in the future.
Sherlock moved down to his neck, paying special attention to the spaces between his vertebrae. He nipped and sucked along John’s right shoulder hard enough in some places to leave marks. When he traveled along his left Sherlock immediately dropped down to the gunshot wound. He spent a long time there tracing the scar with his tongue, whirling it around in the center where the most scar tissue sat. John bit down on the urge to shiver. Anytime John had his shirt off Sherlock was drawn to the scar like a moth to the flame constantly kissing and touching it.
She’d known, of course, who innocent little Nurse Mary Morstan was. Jim had been so terribly fond of her and her skills as an assassin. She was very surprised when Sherlock didn’t object once to the little farce that had been John and Mary’s wedding, surely he’d been able to see right through her. Then again, Sherlock was always so blind when it came to John, love did that to a person.
“So you cheated because she was boring?” John asked and found himself not surprised. “What? Did she find out so you killed her?”
“Oh.” Was all Sherlock said and then he leaned down and kissed John.
“As always, fantastic timing, Sherlock.” Mycroft muttered to himself as he thumbed the call button. “Brother dear, to what do I owe this call?” He asked in the sickeningly sweet tone that he knew Sherlock abhorred, Gregory grinned down at his laptop.
” Irene spat in disgust as she stood up. “You’re taking me too literally Sherlock. Woman, female, girl they’re all interchangeable.”
I ended up having to read some of my old fics to remind myself that I actually know how to write porn.
“Sherlock had left for his trip, we didn’t know you were going to be born so soon.” John said carefully, looking up at Sherlock who was watching them closely.
Willa stopped sniffling instantly and looked up at him. “Really?”
“Jesus, they’ve grown.” John swore under his breath but Luke caught his words and grinned.
“John, really.” Sherlock said rolling his eyes against John’s objections, it was painfully obvious that Mason Cooper had not come from Luke.
Willa begged them to go out on her bike every day after she got it. Sherlock was the one who often gave in and would drag her and it to the park. John was impressed at the speed in which she was picking it up but going out nearly every day would do that.
Most people don’t realize that even though the heart had stopped beating that blow will flow freely from the body, especially immediately after death.
John nodded. “Yes, and this is where I’m worried I’ll scare you off.”
“Every time he said Willa’s name I wanted to kill him.” Sherlock confessed, finally speaking.
“It was very thoughtful of you.” Sherlock said diplomatically. John sighed behind him.
“Sherlock, do you want to go get Willa from school?” John asked plainly.
Daddy then taught her how to spit the pit out really far into the sand. Their afternoon had been spent having a pit spitting contest to see who could get them to go the farthest. That had been the happiest she could ever remember Daddy being, at least before Papa came to live with them.
“Are you stupid enough to think Mycroft would be-”
John looked skeptical but opted instead for silence and more liquor.
John shrugged. “Thought a bit of a change would be nice and I know Nana wants to teach you how to bake cookies.”
“Yes.”
“Sherlock it’s
“Oh Sherlock.” John sighed and reached up to force Sherlock to look at him. “She fell. Its what children do. They fall and they break something. She was also at
“Is this enough?” Sherlock asked when he got home. He looked nervous.
“Alright, she doesn’t know
Sherlock was waiting in Lestrade’s office when he finally decided to arrive at half past nine.
John nodded and pressed one last kiss to the scar. He followed a sparse trail of dark hair down to Sherlock’s navel, backing slowly off the bed so he was standing again.
She hadn’t deserved Clara and she knew it had been her own hand that had ruined her life, which was why the only people willing to celebrate her fiftieth birthday with her was her brother, his deranged partner and her niece.
John had learned to look forward to Christmas dinner at Mycroft’s.
“Daddy look! My first Christmas.” Willa exclaimed holding up a small silver baby shoe, on the sole was inscribed ‘Willa’s 1
Sherlock set down his tea and contemplated how to answer the question without stepping over one of the boundaries John had set up around her. “He’s not mad at you.” He told her to start.
“Good.” Sherlock growled, his lips finding John’s again.
John hadn’t realized he’d been thinking for so long. “Sorry. I just have trouble disassociating from children.”
John was sobbing, face buried in Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock could feel him whispering the words over and over even though he couldn’t hear him. There were no words he could offer John now. Nothing he said would make this any better. Willa was missing, there was nothing he could do to change that and despite the fact that every part of him wanted to join John, to collapse with him in the filthy alley he knew that wasn’t an option. They couldn’t both break down at once.
“You need to stop growing.” John whispered into Willa’s hair.
Willa’s eyes grew wider. “It’s solid.”
Taylor nodded. “Yes… sorta.” Her hand subconsciously traveled to her elbow as she said it. June hadn’t been fond of the drugs.
“That’s a violin.” Willa said. She was standing in front of him looking into the case.
Sherlock did not answer her and hoped John would soon retrieve his offspring and remove her from the room. John, however, did not move.
Sometimes it seemed that the only time Mycroft came to Baker Street was when he was the bearer of bad news. Usually, it was regarding the proverbial sword hanging above his or Sherlock’s or even John’s neck. This was the very first time, though, that the sword had swung around to threaten Willa.
“Hello?”
The jogger passed them again and this time Sherlock turned to look at him. They made eye contact and instantly the man darted off towards the road, checking behind him once to look at them.
“What if I wanted him to?” Willa asked carefully, like she was worried about John’s reaction.
He wasn’t worried about what Willa would say. She’d tell everyone and anyone who listened how excited she was that Sherlock was going to legally become her Papa. He just didn’t think it was appropriate for Harry to be seriously second guessing the decisions he made as a parent.
“Was that the last straw then?” John asked. He’d not gotten the full story as to why Greg had, after five years of the same custody agreement, decided to fight for its change.
He understood why people weren’t supposed to investigate cases that they were connected to. Being objective was the furthest thing from Greg’s mind right now.
“Has there been any reason to clear out this building before now?” He yelled down.
John paused at that thought and looked up and down the street.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I won’t get stabbed or poisoned.”
“Oh, but she loves him.” Sherlock insisted.
John paused in the archway to where the bedroom was. “What’s that?”
John rolled his eyes. “Yes she does and you won’t ruin it for her.”
He could see Sherlock’s head nod violently. “Yes.”
, got the chance to nip at the pale expanse of flesh. When he did Sherlock rocked his hips up into his.
Thank you everyone for all the comments! I literally get so excited when I see the email and then I look at them while writing as encouragement. True story. So thank you.
“Sherlock felt you would scare anyone else away.”
John nodded. “She is and honestly I don’t think we’ll be doing this next year but tomorrow please just grin and bear it. It makes her happy.”
John rearranged Willa on his chest and reached out for the top file. Surveillance photos: all taken with a long-range lens, all of Mary. Mary leaving their house, Mary taking a cab to a nondescript apartment building in the middle of London, Mary through a window looking over papers, Mary looking determined as she walked through a crowded street with her head down.
In August Gregory Lestrade and Mycroft Holmes married in the back gardens of Mycroft’s large home. John hadn’t even been aware they were engaged when Mycroft asked him to stand with him at the altar. Willa was unaware her dress probably cost more than all of her other clothes combined and that during the reception she was running about with the children of some of the most influential people in the world.
The weather had turned mild and they’d gone for a walk. Sherlock allowed Willa to hold his hand across the streets. When they got back home Willa insisted on playing board games, John managed to avoid the disaster of Cluedo by finding the horrid Gooey Louie game he’d hidden. Sherlock made the most disgusted face when he read the back of the box which had sent Willa into peels of laughter.
“No, I’m alright. I’ve got it now.” John said as he began picking out the broken shards of porcelain from his skin.
“I am going,” Greg said as firmly as he could manage, “and until we, meaning Scotland Yard, decided there is sufficient enough evidence no one is going to contact John or Sherlock, understand?”
On Friday, just after John and Willa left Sherlock received summons from his brother by way of near kidnapping.
Sherlock couldn’t help the distressed noise that ripped from his throat. He kneeled at John’s side of the bed to look at him better. “I don’t
John had been expecting it. Sherlock had been especially demonstrative with his affection for her that day.
Mycroft answered anyway. “I believe they found their musical instruction space lacking.”
“Tired.” Sherlock answered sounding more awake this time.
John rolled his eyes. “Sherlock, hold out your arms.”
“Addison got a mobile for Christmas.” Willa informed him pulling away from her friend.
John was indeed at the surgery today. Their Monday morning had been rushed. The dishes hadn’t even been cleared off the table and there was a hair brush with several hair ties scattered on the floor. Sherlock stepped over it and towards one of the two rooms he hadn’t seen the previous evening.
“Is her brother going to die?” Willa asked as they started out of the hospital.
Aaron was sitting on the edge of the sofa attempting to coax a bottle into his new son’s mouth. The boy appeared to be completely asleep.
It was hard to tell if the pained noise John made was due to the hangover or if she’d kneed him somewhere, either way he was awake and this was his daughter.
“Yes. Your brother now knows we bloody kissed.” John said before gritting his teeth.
“Surveillance from the streets outside the restaurant,” Mycroft told him.
“Sherlock, he was in school this morning.” John hissed after he’d thanked the parents for their help.
“Angie?” Aunt Harry asked and she took a step towards Willa, the man held out his hand and stopped her.
Sherlock realized then his head and much of his shoulders were hanging off the bed. He groaned and tried to roll himself into a more comfortable position.
“My brother’s men are obvious.” Sherlock hissed.
“Forever?” John asked raising an eyebrow.
“The point is seeing family every now and then.” John said and poked him. When Sherlock opened his mouth to protest John cut him off. “Seeing them when it’s completely unrelated to working.”
John had always liked the woman. She was in her mid-fifties and ruled the school fairly. During their tour of the school she never asked why John had such strict policies about Willa and that had endeared her to him. Sherlock seemed to also appreciate her lack of prying into their situation, only asking necessary questions.
John raised a hand to cut him off. “Not the point. The point is for both of us to go out.”
“Oh, have they? That’s nice.” John called back absently. He paused then and glanced at the calendar. “Wait over Valentine’s Day?”
Mycroft’s mouth pulled tight. “It’s far worse than depression.”
Sherlock paced the office, frustrated.
Sherlock complied quickly and just as soon as he was out of the way John drove his fist through what was left of the glass. Sherlock made an odd sound from next to him but didn’t say
Sherlock lifted his eyes again, now rocking back on his own fingers, to watch as John stroked the lube onto his cock.
Sherlock nodded. “Hmm, yes. Not my favorite but I think you’ll appreciate it. Also it’s close enough to home to keep you from worrying so much.”
Willow dropped her heels back down and tried to scowl at Janine. “I don’t like it,” she said before holding up the ball of her clothing. “What am I supposed to do with these?”
Sherlock followed John into the kitchen. “Would you honestly have shot a man in broad daylight in front of your daughter?”
John normally kept his phone face down on the desk so he knew when he got a call or text. Sherlock knew to call the office if there was an emergency so John didn’t need to keep it on his person.
“Oh and how was that?” John asked sitting again.
“You go every year?”
John, oblivious to Sherlock’s split attention, began scrolling through the pictures. With a small shake of his head, Sherlock returned his focus to the screen… back to the case, though he allowed John to continue the navigation.
Irene had been dying to show up to the wedding just to watch how it went. She’d had to settle for the reports that trickled out and Sherlock’s dramatic hijacking of John’s blog. John and little Miss Mary’s honeymoon had been the first time Sherlock had responded to her texts since his death had been revealed a hoax.
The food was beyond excellent as was the wine Sherlock had asked for. John drank both glasses Sherlock poured him without argument and he managed, for the most part, not to think of Willa.
John was at the surgery three weeks after Willa’s fall when he got a phone call from the school. He naturally panicked and stepped away from a patient to take the call.
He and Sherlock had wordlessly agreed to keep the newest development from Willa. She still hadn’t cried yet. When they spoke about Noah and his death she would adapt a flat affect and it worried John to no end. Sherlock had disappeared after one such conversation and when he reappeared, an hour later, he’d purchased a book on grief for children.
“No.” John told her sternly.
John nodded. “True. Are you coming to bed?”
Willa knew when she was being mocked and she glared at Sherlock’s back. “I had to stop it last time because you came home.” She informed him icily.
John raised an eyebrow at this. “Why in god’s name is your brother interested in this?”
John been so hurt and devastated when he found out what she’d done that he’d hidden himself away at Baker Street for months. Sherlock hadn’t been happy during that time but he had believed their marriage was over, until John announced he needed to give it an actual try.
“I worried about the normal things. Like her waking up and being scared even though she knew Molly, of her getting hurt or sick but I also worried Mary would somehow know I wasn’t there and kidnap her.” John continued.
"My husband would like a coffee, black," Mycroft informed her as she reached the door.
They did decide to go with Sherlock’s suggestion of the telescope. John nearly had a heart attack when the cashier rang it up.
“Why would they do that though?” Greg asked, obviously waiting for Sherlock to offer some kind of explanation.
She looked at him then. “I didn’t want to spill juice on it.”
“John, I think it’s best if you stop.”
Erik Wolfe looked like a perfectly respectable man, even in his prison attire. Sherlock could tell John was thinking the same thing. A perfectly respectable, heartbroken, man.
“No dear, I think John needs a partner. He’s got his village what with your brother, his husband, Molly, and myself but he needs someone closer to share all the intimate details of being a parent with.” She explained patting his hand gently.
“Alright how’d you get that?” Greg asked carefully.
After ten minutes of dozing, listening to John’s controlled breathing, Sherlock couldn’t take it any longer.
Harry had the decency to look contrite. “Sorry, John. I’ll just go on up shall I?”
Twenty minutes later Molly appeared, followed by another staff member, carrying folding chairs. John was promptly deposited in the first one that was set out. Sherlock sat next to him. Molly took a seat next to Sherlock and Lestrade next to John. Mycroft didn’t move from the wall.
Harry inhaled sharply, surprised at how accurately Mary had been at guess what she'd been up to. "He won't," she said even though she knew differently.
Thanks to everyone who said such nice things on the last chapter. I really am my worst critic to the point that basically nothing looks the same as it started.
John huffed out a chuckle and settled back into his own chair deciding it really wasn’t the end of the world if Rosie still woke a few times during the night.
“Are you getting ill? I heard you coughing?” He asked.
Sherlock stood this time and when John leaned forward to stand he found himself nearly face first in Sherlock’s lap.
John went to shake his head but he realized that it wasn’t necessarily true, they had a very good idea who was behind everything. “Harry recognized Janine Hawkins and we’re fairly confident this is Mary’s reaction to the adoption.”
John was getting hard and the way Sherlock was rocking his hips into John’s arse he could feel him getting that way as well. His eyes flickered to the ceiling above and he wondered how long they would have before Willa came down to interrupt them. Sherlock chose that moment to nip at the join of his neck and shoulder.
John’s only issue and the reason he’d been so tense when Sherlock came to bed was that he was worried about his own reactions. He’d been so tactile with Sherlock lately, to the point they both didn’t notice anymore, he worried if he’d be the one in Sherlock’s space. He didn’t want to make the other man uncomfortable.
He straightened back up and stood. “Alright then. I’ll be in the kitchen washing bottles.”
“No dessert for a week then?” John teased.
John went up the stairs ahead of Sherlock. Willa was standing in front of the fire place while Harry took pictures of her, she was looking bored.
Sherlock turned to look at John as if he felt himself being watched suddenly.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“I need your help.” Lestrade said and held up a file folder.
Sherlock nodded unable to look at him.
“John I’m sorry.” Sherlock said, it was scarcely a whisper over the never-ending sound of sirens and people milling about on the street.
“Go change, you can lay in here.” He told her and she disappeared into the bathroom.
*~* WARNING: Graphic Descriptions of murder and disfiguration of a child within this chapter. YE BE WARNED *~*
“I like cookies.” Sherlock offered. He remembered having cookies on his birthday as a child after the year he declared cake disgusting.
Willa chewed thoughtfully then her face darkened, eyes cast downward. “What if something happens?”
Turning Sherlock saw a small dome camera affixed to the ceiling by the door. It wiggled back and forth when he looked at it, John was controlling it from work.
There was a cardboard box that necessitated the size of the container. It was about 25 centimeters high and 20 wide. There was no description on the box or any other indications of what might be inside.
Sherlock stared intently at John’s condemning finger. “I believe that might be due to the ‘shots for warmth’ and those were your idea.” He reminded John but rolled over to climb out of bed anyway.
Mycroft gagged around the food he was eating and had to swallow it down with some of his water. Sherlock kissed Willa’s cheek as he set her down for unknowingly causing her uncle great discomfort.
“Yes, what is it?” He asked tone just on this side of impatient.
Sherlock was at first surprised at the contact but then wrapped one arm around John’s shoulders. “You’ve just spent six years in exile for me, before that you were dead for two years for me, and now you’re offering to protect my daughter. I don’t know how you ever believed you were a sociopath.” John said unsteadily and still he didn’t move.
“Come in,” he told her. Mycroft knew the lack of knocking meant there had been some kind of news on his niece.
Sherlock walked over to the coat tree, grabbed John’s jacket, and threw it at him perhaps more violently than he’d meant to. “Sitting around here getting drunk with be of no use to Willa, come with me, be useful.”
“Sherlock this is Luke Cooper.” John introduced once he’d finally let go of Luke’s hand. “Luke, Sherlock Holmes.”
“She’d been dead the whole time.” John called to Sherlock as he showered that afternoon, finally having broken away from the police and there collecting of the body.
On the table was a small box wrapped in baby pink paper and tied up with a silver and pink bow, Mary’s signature style.
“Pull her off,” Greg ordered immediately.
“Daddy.” She said solemnly. “I need you to put the bowls out to collect snow tonight.”
“You can toss her out on her arse.” John finished for him. Sherlock was satisfied and planned to do just that, even if she’d only had one glass of wine.
“I’m glad to hear it.” John told her. “You’re on speaker, say hello to Sherlock.”
Sherlock managed to get Willa to stop crying just in time for them to want her in radiology. She remained stoic through the trip to the room, gripping his hand tightly with her uninjured arm. When they removed the splint Sherlock had to school his face, knowing she was watching his reaction.
Sherlock was nearly enjoying himself.
Despite the hour the windows in the flat above him were brightly lit, a stark contrast to the neighborhood surrounding him where nearly everyone was asleep. He could even see movement from above though he couldn’t exactly make out who’d just been shuffling past the window.
“Then why haven’t you asked me?” John asked finally looking up from the floor.
Sherlock was instantly intrigued. “How so?”
Hayley smiled and cooed at her which coaxed a small smile from the little girl.
There was a muffled conversation and a moment later the phone changed hands. “John?”
“Go get yourself breakfast.” John told her after his head had come up slightly, also checking the time.
~~~~~~
He stepped back away from the table, and that thought, quickly. Now was not the time.
Then John wanted to scream every time an explanation was followed by ‘why’. He finally did snap, raising his voice with her for the first time. Her face had screwed up in horror at his sharp tone before she threw herself on the sofa crying. He’d felt so guilty they’d ended up eating Chinese, her favorite take away, for dinner.
“I found a giant cookie at the store today.” He whispered to her as she crawled into bed.
“Now what were we doing?” He asked grinning wickedly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Kiss number seven.
“I’m not straight, nor am I gay… I just am.” John said after thinking it through for a moment.
Mycroft took the paper, not bothering to look up from the laptop he was now navigating. He glanced at the sheet for a few moments before putting it down, returning his full attention to the computer screen. Greg waited with eyebrows raised for the update.
Willa decided to press her luck when she went into the bathroom and closed the door.
There was a police scanner built into every single one of their cars and this fact allowed him to slide into the Mercedes coupe they rarely used. Greg often suspected that the scanners would pick up a lot more than the Scotland Yard channels if he knew what codes to push in but right now all he needed was the London emergency channels.
“Come to bed, Sherlock.” John said gently. “We can talk about it another time.”
The state of Willa’s bedroom made sense now with all the information. John was no doubt terrified Mary would do something and take her away from him. Sherlock made a note to ask Mycroft about the gifts, he’d would have investigated them. Even if his brother hadn’t found out how the gifts were coming Sherlock was determined he would. He would then find Mary and remove her as a threat to John and Willa.
Greg shrugged and continued, thumbs pressing firm circles into the base of Mycroft's neck, "it is for me."
John hugged her downstairs and didn’t smell any booze so he allowed her up to the landing. Sherlock was looming over head, arms crossed trying to make himself look more imposing.
“Yes.” John agreed. “But you should have asked me first.  Two: we will sit down with Willa and explain we’re in a relationship. And three: This thing with Mary. It’s not over, it may never be over. We might be looking over our shoulders for her for the rest of our lives. I know you’ve been to hell and back for me already but I can’t make this go away.”
Greg shook his head, "I'm good," he lied. He was dying for a coffee but always felt out of place asking for something from one of Mycroft's assistants.
“I think, and feel free to correct me, that it was something to do with Willa.” John continued.
At first John hadn’t paid attention to what Sherlock had gotten on their little side trip to get Willa, he’d stayed in the car. Admittedly it took him two weeks to catch on to what Sherlock was up to.
“I couldn’t find the book.” Sherlock informed John as he got to the room. Crossing his arms over his chest.
Willa looked thoroughly pleased with this idea.
“No, I need to go tell Mrs. Hudson. No one’s told her.” John said and he sounded distant. “She doesn’t even know yet.” He repeated, his voice cracking.
“How’d you know that?” John asked but didn’t look in the least bit surprised.
The book was soppy and full of imaginative writing about how the child was so important the wind whispered their name. Really not something John normally read to Willa, she understood the Earth didn’t revolve around her, but a bit of birthday sentimentality was to be indulged. John grew misty eyed, despite how he fought against it, half way through the book.
John sighed on Sherlock’s left. “Then what happened to him? The autopsy,” Erik flinched, “proved he hadn’t ingested it accidently and there were numerous needle marks on his body.”
“Are you hurt?” John asked wetting a paper towel and bringing it up to clean Sherlock’s face.
“Who shall go first?” John asked and Willa pursed her lips together as if thinking.
John walked into the flat and found Sherlock and Willa curled up on the sofa, Willa leaning into his side reading to him. Molly was sitting in his own chair watching them.
much older than you.”
“Her hair is red.” He commented and he replaced the photo, turning to look at John.
Sherlock managed to sit through the entire meeting with Doctor Drescher without any incident. The fact that she offered to set up meetings between Willa’s other teachers and Sherlock (after John’s approval) helped immensely.
“Let’s wash our hands.” John interrupted and received a death glare from his daughter.
Irene had taken it upon herself to follow both John and Sherlock’s exploits after she’d ‘died’. They were much more fun than any television programme. She never claimed to have big brother’s skills of tracking and monitoring but her job put her in positions to illicit favors from some other very powerful people in the world.
Mrs. Hudson opened the door with a knowing smirk. “I don’t mind dear, I know you and John still have so much time to make up for.” She reassured him with a pat on the arm.
Sherlock stepped around the broken cup and lifted her off the floor. She continued to sob into his shoulder as he carried her down the stairs and to the kitchen sink. He needed to assess what she’d done to her hand and it was easier to set her on the counter than fight with it in the bathroom.
Twenty minutes later as John contemplated another cup of tea a black car slowed to a stop in front of them. It was only because he recognized the driver as one of Mycroft’s that he didn’t immediately scoop Willa up and run inside with her.
Mycroft was openly watching Greg as he turned around after finishing the call, the other three were involved in a sort of dark staring contest. He cleared his throat. “There was a suspicious fire in Peckham,” he announced.
“Get up here.” He ordered.
Sherlock was about to scream in frustration but he took a deep breath and looked across at the children playing. First, irrationally, at all of the children at the playground and then closer at the Cooper children. And then…
~~~~~~
Sherlock’s eyes snapped to him. They were suddenly dark, pupils blown wide. “Say it again.”
“Er. Watch your step, there’s probably most of a box of food dye on the ground.” John said and silently cursed how nervous he sounded.
John nodded. “Yep, she didn’t weigh this much for at least a month.”
“Wood burning?” Sherlock asked.
“I can’t…” Sherlock said. “There’s nothing, I can’t…” He wouldn’t finish his sentences but John knew what he was saying. There were no clues on the street, just dozens of people walking past looking on in concern at the increasingly agitated man spinning in circles.
Sherlock had thought John was being sarcastic at first when he said they hadn’t seen the best part yet. He’d assumed she would go tearing into the room and pounce on the pile of presents he’d locked in the night before with the same fervor she’d used in waking him up. She didn’t though.
“Sherlock was a late speaker, thank heavens,” Mycroft began after taking a sip of the bourbon he had poured himself. “So he was five when he entered into the ‘why’ stage of life. I was twelve and after a few days I
John carefully undid the button and zip, making sure not to touch Sherlock any more than absolutely necessary. Sherlock’s hands fell from his hair and onto the bed.
It took a bit longer before he was capable of processing the words. “I love you, you’re gorgeous. I love you.” John was whispering on repeat, hand drawing calming circles on Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock hoped he hadn’t gotten drunk at the pub, it would be difficult to deal with that from all the way in London.
“Until this time.” John finished as he wiped the last of the blood off Sherlock’s face.
“Lestrade came by with a case.” Sherlock told him.
John nodded and took a step back. “Right. Yes. Not the place.”
“My cases. No more cases until you get back.” Sherlock said and leaned down to kiss him. John squirmed away from his cold nose.
She gave a short chuckle. “Go away, Irene. Come here, Irene,” she mocked him, “which is it?”
Willa pulled a face. “Olives are disgusting.”
He passed without incident, only glancing down at her once, and then ran across the bridge.
Sherlock thought for a moment. “Would you like to paint a new cup?” He wondered why he hadn’t thought of it first.
She began crying again when they straightened her arm for the x-rays and Sherlock wanted to yell at them but he bit down on the inside of his cheek. It wouldn’t do to frighten Willa anymore.
Greg’s lips pressed together and Molly already knew she wasn’t going to like what he had to say. “I don’t think they need to worry about it,” he explained carefully, “at least until we have solid evidence either way.”
John left them alone when Sherlock said he was heating dinner, realizing he should find his own food.
“Yeah?” John answered he was far past pleasantries.
Greer let out and exasperated growl. “No! She was in our bed
“Oh, good morning Sherlock.” Willa said as she crawled onto the bed over her father.
John looked shocked. “How’s Greg taking that?”
Her makeshift sign read.
John choked on the sip of whiskey he was trying to take. “Didn’t think that.” He gasped out between coughing fits.
It all came together then.
John nodded and only then did she jump into the pile like Sherlock had anticipated.
With her courage renewed she began speaking again. “I wanted to ask you if you wanted to adopt me, to become my Papa.” She finished quickly.
“Can you do a crown yet?” She asked tilting her head back.
Greg grinned. “He’s good with her.”
was left unsaid.
“Nothing’s changed then.” Sherlock said and this provoked a grin from the other man.
John smiled up. The smile was seductive and happy and just a little sad, Sherlock wasn’t sure that many emotions were meant to appear on a single face at the same time but John pulled it off.
The three of them were in the kitchen. John was by the stove messing with the kettle while Mrs. Hudson and Willa talked at the table about her upcoming birthday. Sherlock walked over to John.
Sherlock wandered into the room to find John sitting behind his laptop looking extremely unhappy at whatever was on the screen.
Do it as quickly as possible, he’d been told, don’t hurt her.
John understood, Mycroft was allowing him the chance to interrogate the man himself.
“Sherlock.” Was her decision.
Damn his respect for the man.
John looked at him puzzled after Lukas left. “What was that about?”
He may not have been Sherlock but it seemed an odd thing something remaining intact after someone had gone through all that trouble to burn down the building.
Harry sniffled pathetically, a single tear running down her cheek. “It was just texts.”
As Sherlock went to DI Thomas’ office he examined the feeling of guilt from earlier.
Her heart rate was through the roof and she had moved from sobbing to proper hyperventilation. “Willa I need you to breathe.” John said and cupped her face in his hands. “Can you do that for me?”
“I believe it would be best if we question Harriet,” Mycroft continued.
John nodded anyway. “I was hoping you hadn’t noticed.” He said more to himself than anyone.
“Yes, but she’s
The heat from his voice traveled straight down John’s spine. “Haven’t you done that already?” If he hadn’t then he had certainly come close.
“What’s happened?” Mycroft asked instantly alert.
“Alright she’s waking up.” A woman’s voice told someone, Willa was certain she wasn’t talking to her.
Just as John expected Mycroft was in the small kitchen fussing with the kettle. Willa was leaning over the table with a picture book open in front of her. John was momentarily confused when he saw the book. Mycroft knew better than anyone that Willa was into chapter books now and was currently going through the Chronicles of Narnia at a dizzying speed.
There was a click and then the call disconnected.
guests in California and heard rumblings that Mummy Mary was none too pleased when one of her pets had gone missing, last seen running the fool’s errand to London, she’d dug a little deeper into their messes.
“Bloody hell.” John repeated.
I'm a lazy writer and draw most of my case ideas from real life cases. That being said my google search history is concerning.
Willa asked questions about the cases and John answered them in a surprisingly honest fashion.
